Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.18

Chapter 1701
After running for a while, the long-haired man looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "No matter what kind of enemies you have, I will definitely kill them." He looked at the dungeon and smiled. "As for those fellows in the dungeon, don't let them out!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He did not have to release everyone. If Qin Luo was able to kill Mu Han, Mu Tian and Mu Jiu, there was indeed no need for him to release everyone from the dungeon.
"If you really have the confidence to kill those three, there's naturally no need to release them," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
The people in the dungeon were originally afraid of swearing their inner demons. After hearing Luo Zheng and Qin Luo's words, they all panicked. Luo Zheng was only releasing them because he had a favor to ask of them. If Luo Zheng could get through this crisis, they might not get another chance!
Thinking of this, the powerful existences in the dungeon panicked.
"Zhan Beihai! What do you mean! "
"Burning the bridge after crossing the river? What a waste of my teaching you!"
"That … You're Luo Zheng, right? I'm willing to swear by my inner demons that I, Old Man Extreme Evil, will listen to your orders for the rest of my life. If I disobey, I will die from my inner demons! "The old voice in the dungeon said anxiously.
Besides Old Man Extreme Evil, the other "Big Mouth" also said, "I'm willing too! I, Wu Yu, am willing to submit to Luo Zheng for the rest of my life! If I disobey, I will be burned by my inner demons and die from my inner demons! "
Hearing the two of them swear on their inner demons, Zhan Beihai's face revealed a trace of depression.
Many years ago, Zhan Beihai was captured by Gu Bei and brought to the Immortal Mansion. However, Gu Bei didn't lock him up in the dungeon. Compared to the three old monsters in the dungeon, Zhan Beihai wasn't qualified to be locked up in the dungeon.
However, Zhan Beihai, who was locked up outside, had also obtained a lot of benefits. At the same time, he had fabricated a lot of things and obtained a lot of benefits from "Big Mouth Monster" Wu Yu and Old Man Extreme Evil. If they were released at the same time, these two old fellows would inevitably cause trouble for him. That was why Zhan Beihai strongly advocated not to release these two fellows.
"You don't have to release them. I can help you kill those three True Gods. Even if they are disciples of Saints, they shouldn't be my match," Zhan Beihai advised.
"Stinking brat! I knew you were a liar! "
"When I come out, I will tear you apart alive!"
When the two people in the dungeon heard Zhan Beihai's words, they were immediately enraged and cursed loudly in the dungeon …
"Let them out. After all, they have already sworn by their inner demons," Luo Zheng said. Then, he paused and said, "I don't care what grudges there are between the three of you. Since you have sworn by your inner demons, you can't be rude in front of me. As for the future, it's up to you."
Luo Zheng proposed this plan and Zhan Beihai agreed for the time being. Compared to the two vicious fellows in the dungeon, Zhan Beihai was much more normal. If he really fell into the hands of these two fellows, he could imagine what would happen to him.
After the discussion, Luo Zheng asked Zhan Beihai to wait at the side while Luo Zheng stepped into the entrance of the dungeon.
From the entrance of the dungeon, there was a row of steps covered with moss that extended all the way down. The walls on both sides of the dungeon were also covered with purple moss. The moss seemed to be alive as it wriggled on the walls and steps.
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng stopped and looked around. However, he instantly felt a suction force coming from under his feet. It actually sucked his feet firmly in place!
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned and was about to lift his legs to pull them out. He did not expect that he would not be able to get rid of the suction force. The moss actually began to wriggle crazily and grew rapidly. In an instant, his feet were wrapped in it!
"Huh!"
Shocked, Luo Zheng poured a huge amount of power into his feet. He used the power of the platform to pull his feet out!
"This moss is a plant unique to Takeshi Xuan Forest. It's good that you're strong enough to run fast. Hehe, otherwise, even an ordinary True God would die if they were caught in it." The old voice laughed.
The enchantment of the entire Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion isolated everything in the forest. However, there were always some small things that could get in. For example, this moss was one of them.
Although it was just an unremarkable layer of moss, it contained a terrifying devouring power. Moreover, this thing had a strong vitality. Even if it was removed completely, it would grow back in a few days.
Every once in a while, the few True Gods in the dungeon would clean up the moss in the dungeon. The Evil Old Man even used the Evil Thoughts Fire to burn the entire dungeon, but the moss continued to grow vigorously.
"Just a layer of moss is so magical. The Takeshi Xuan Forest you speak of … is it the huge forest outside?"
This was the first time Luo Zheng had heard the name of the forest. In fact, the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was built in the Takeshi Xuan Forest.
Perhaps Luo Zheng had asked a taboo question, but the Evil Old Man did not answer Luo Zheng's question. He only said in a low voice, "Quickly come in and let us go. We will help you deal with a strong enemy. After that, we will never see you again!"
The Oath of the Heart Demon they had sworn was extremely harsh. Strictly speaking, it meant that they would obey Luo Zheng for all eternity.
These people were considered experts in the Realm of the Gods. How could they be willing to be ordered around by others? After helping Luo Zheng this time, they naturally had to go far away. It would be best if they could never see Luo Zheng again …
Seeing that the Evil Old Man was unwilling to answer, Luo Zheng did not press him. He quickly walked down the stairs and entered a narrow corridor. The dungeon was not big. There were only two cells on this floor. Above the cells, there were snow-white fences.
These fences were probably made of the same material as the Immortal Essence Rope. They had been erected here for countless years, but their surface still shone brightly. Luo Zheng also noticed that there were many dents on the fences. They were probably marks left behind by the people inside who wanted to destroy them.
Through the fences of the first cell, Luo Zheng saw an old man with a head full of silver hair sitting inside. This old man's eyebrows were upside-down, the corners of his eyes drooped down. His aquiline nose was extremely straight, and the sides of his mouth drooped down along the sides of his beard. His appearance was very strange. No matter who it was, he would leave a very deep impression. This face gave people a strong sense of malice. This had to be the Evil Old Man!
Luo Zheng sized up this old man, and the old man did the same to Luo Zheng. After the two of them looked at each other, the Evil Old Man laughed coldly. "A good disciple that Gu Bei took a liking to. I thought you had three heads and six arms!"
Luo Zheng did not bother to pay attention to him. He activated the Qian Token. A faint gray light shot out of it and shot toward the silver fences in front of him.
"Crack …"
The moment this light entered the fences, dense cracks began to appear all over them. As it collapsed, it disappeared before Luo Zheng's eyes … Previously, when he had released Zhan Beihai, Luo Zheng had felt that this material was very mysterious. Once it cracked, it disappeared without a trace, as if it could evaporate into thin air like water. However, it was this material that could imprison a True God!
"Ding ling ling …"
When the Evil Old Man saw that the fences had disappeared, he extended his hands in front of him. "There's more!" There were still two Immortal Essence Chains in his hands.
After Luo Zheng released the two chains that bound the Evil Old Man, he stretched his wrists, a joyful smile on his face. This feeling of regaining freedom was indeed exhilarating, but when it came from the Evil Old Man's face, it felt like a sinister smile …
Then, the Evil Old Man flipped over and disappeared before Luo Zheng's eyes. Luo Zheng only felt a gust of wind brush past him. When he turned to look, the Evil Old Man had already rushed out of the dungeon!
"There's still me, there's still me!"
An urgent voice came from the other dungeon.
This big-mouthed monster had been imprisoned here with the Evil Old Man for countless years. Seeing that the Evil Old Man had truly regained his freedom, he must be itching for it.
When Luo Zheng arrived in front of the big-mouthed monster's cell, he could not help but laugh. This big-mouthed monster was just like his name. He had a huge mouth with two sausages hanging from his lips. He looked very comical.

Chapter 1702
"Is it very funny?"
The big-mouthed monster's face instantly became ferocious.
He was not human, so his appearance was naturally strange. However, his pride was extremely strong, and he could not tolerate others mocking his appearance.
"I'm sorry." Luo Zheng also stopped smiling.
Although he had forced these people to swear an Oath of Inner Demons, these people were almighties in the Divine Territory after all. Luo Zheng also knew that he had been rude.
Seeing Luo Zheng's sincere apology, the big-mouthed monster was slightly stunned. He did not expect Luo Zheng to be so easy to talk to.
He had made such a serious Oath of Inner Demons, which meant that he was enslaved by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng did not need to apologize to him.
For example, he and the Evil Old Man were considered fugitives in the Divine Territory. Many forces did not tolerate them. Naturally, the people they befriended were extremely vicious. There were many examples of them fighting because of a disagreement. There were many True Gods who fought with him because they mocked his appearance.
However, the Devouring Sky Technique that the big-mouthed monster cultivated was extremely powerful. Almost all the True Gods who fought with him were forcefully swallowed by him. The special thing about his Devouring Sky Technique was that after he swallowed a True God, it did not destroy his Dantian. Instead, it could integrate the Inner World in his Dantian into his Inner World. Hence, the more True Gods he swallowed, the more his Inner World would expand and his abilities would become stronger!
His current abilities might be slightly weaker than the Evil Old Man's, but his speed of improvement was definitely much faster than the Evil Old Man's. As long as he swallowed enough True Gods, he could even be promoted to a Complete Paragon or even a Sage … However, the number of True Gods he needed to swallow was an unimaginable number. After he had swallowed thousands of True Gods, he was captured by Gu Bei and brought here!
"Sigh, I'm used to it …" The big-mouthed monster waved his hand and felt bored. "Let me go quickly!"
If you treated someone with respect, they would always return the favor. It was the same for these villains.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Then, he used the "Qian" token to help the big-mouthed monster break the bindings in the dungeon.
The big-mouthed monster, like the Evil Old Man, escaped from the dungeon like the wind and breathed in the free air …
Luo Zheng stood where he was and looked at the depths of the dungeon again.
In the backyard, other than the big dog, there was only Zhan Beihai, who was locked outside the dungeon. The Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster, Wu Yu, were locked up on this floor of the dungeon. However, Luo Zheng had heard another voice saying that Luo Zheng's request was too much. From beginning to end, this person had only said one sentence.
At the end of the dungeon, there was a passageway leading downwards.
The passage was already covered in moss. Probably because this person was unwilling to clean up the moss, the moss grew layer by layer and wrapped the passage tightly. It could only allow one person to walk sideways.
A hint of hesitation appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
The Great Yan Universe already had one True God, Star Tail. Thus, he only needed two True Gods to fight. Zhan Beihai, the Extreme Evil Old Man, or the Big Mouth Monster would be enough. There was no need for so many people.
Moreover, although these people were locked up in the dungeon, they seemed to be able to use some methods, such as removing the moss in the dungeon.
Just now, Luo Zheng had waited until the Extreme Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster had sworn the Heart Demon Oath before he entered the dungeon. If the people on the second floor of the dungeon were unwilling to swear the oath, he naturally wouldn't enter recklessly and risk his life.
Since this person was unwilling to speak, Luo Zheng wouldn't ask for a rebuff. He turned and prepared to leave.
However, just as he took a step, he heard the voice faintly, "Young man, I can't swear the Heart Demon Oath …"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and immediately turned around. He faced the second floor of the dungeon and said, "Senior, I don't have to force you to swear an oath of the Heart Demon. It's just that junior's strength is still weak and I have no other choice."
"Sigh …" The voice sighed faintly, "I know."
With Luo Zheng's abilities, he wouldn't be able to control the situation if he rashly let these people out. He would be courting death.
The voice on the second floor of the dungeon was silent for a while. Then, it said faintly, "Young man, I can't swear the Heart Demon Oath for some reason. However, there's another method that can set your mind at ease."
This person's abilities might be far superior to the Big Mouth Monster and the Extreme Evil Old Man, but he also yearned for freedom …
"What method?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a green light shot out from the second floor of the dungeon and landed steadily at Luo Zheng's feet. "This is an enslavement order. I can let you enslave me. What do you think?"
"Enslavement order?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback when he saw the green card on the ground.
Compared to the control of the Heart Demon Oath, the control of this enslavement order was much stronger.
Although Luo Zheng made the three people outside the dungeon swear the Heart Demon Oath, it was only a restriction. Luo Zheng could order them to do things that didn't endanger their lives.
However, if he made the three of them go through fire and water and sacrifice their lives, they could also violate their oath. However, they would suffer a strong backlash from the Heart Demon Oath, and there was a high possibility that they would die. However, they would die anyway. Whether it was the Extreme Evil Old Man or Zhan Beihai, in a fit of anger, they would probably kill him first!
This enslavement order was a true enslavement. If Luo Zheng controlled the enslavement order, he would be the absolute master of this person. He could even change this person's emotions, erase their memories, and turn them into a completely puppet-like existence.
Not willing to swear the Heart Demon Oath, but willing to be enslaved — this made Luo Zheng even more suspicious. At the same time, he began to suspect this person's motives.
"If you don't believe the authenticity of this enslavement order, you can let the servant in Immortal Mansion verify it. That Afo has followed Gu Bei for many years. With his experience, he should be able to recognize this order!" the voice continued.
For the sake of caution, Luo Zheng picked up the green, lustrous token on the ground and walked out of the dungeon.
After leaving the dungeon, Luo Zheng presented the token to Afo.
When Afo saw the token, he was slightly taken aback. "This is the Imperial Enslavement Order, the highest level of enslavement order. Apart from Saints, you can enslave anyone … Did that person on the second floor of Immortal Mansion give it to you?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Heh, that's quite cunning." Afo smiled.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There was a period of time when enslavement orders were all the rage in the divine realm. Later on, all living beings hated this thing to the extreme. They would rather die than be enslaved." Afo said indifferently. "That person cultivates the Dao of the Heart and Soul, so he can't swear the Heart Demon Oath. That would have a great impact on his Dao of the Gods. That's why he was willing to be enslaved by you."
The person on the second floor of the dungeon was also secretly observing Luo Zheng's character. He knew that Luo Zheng wasn't a despicable person, so he dared to give the enslavement order to Luo Zheng because he was eager to escape …
This was what Afo meant by "cunning".
After confirming this, Luo Zheng took the token back to the dungeon. Under the guidance of the person on the second floor of the dungeon, he injected a strand of his soul power into the token.
The moment his token connected with the token, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a cold feeling invade his mind. Then he felt the existence of a strange and powerful soul, and he could read any memory in this soul …
Luo Zheng had the Will of the World. Through the Will of the World, he could also read the lives of countless living beings. But that was from the perspective of a third party. What Luo Zheng could read now was any secret in this soul, and even the comprehension of various techniques and life. This soul didn't have any defenses against Luo Zheng. He could even erase the memories in it at will!
Luo Zheng was the owner of this soul now!
"Can you let me out now?" That person's faint voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng nodded. His body flashed, and he rushed down the narrow passage on the second floor. The moment he rushed down the passage, the moss on both sides seemed to have been waiting for him for a long time. It quickly squeezed towards Luo Zheng, completely wrapping him in it!
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly and began to move forward.

Chapter 1703
Luo Zheng forcibly squeezed through this narrow passageway and entered the second floor of the dungeon.
But the scene in front of him made Luo Zheng extremely shocked!
Compared to the cramped space on the first floor of the dungeon, the second floor of the dungeon was much more spacious, with a depth of several tens of zhang.
Above and below the prison, there were eight bright silver discs on the walls. Hanging from these discs were eight Immortal Essence Ropes. These Immortal Essence Ropes extended towards the center, and in the end, they bound a person!
Those Immortal Essence Ropes were like a cocoon, tightly wrapping around that person. It was completely impossible to see that person's appearance.
But Luo Zheng saw countless thin and long strands of hair extending through the gaps of the Immortal Essence Ropes and falling to the ground …
"Could it be a woman?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Although he had enslaved this person through the Enslavement Order, he didn't pry into the memories of the other person's soul. Just now, when he heard the voice from the second floor of the dungeon, Luo Zheng didn't distinguish whether this person was a man or a woman.
From a gap in the Immortal Essence Ropes, a snow-white arm stretched out.
This arm was slender and pure white, as if carved from white jade. It had an extremely moving shape. Just now, the Enslavement Order should have been thrown by this hand.
What kind of cultivation did this person have to use so many Immortal Essence Ropes to bind him? Luo Zheng was very curious.
He walked forward and said: "Let me help senior undo it."
Then he activated the "Qian" Writ again. Cracks rapidly appeared on the Immortal Essence Ropes, then they disintegrated and disappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, like silk being peeled from a cocoon.
Gradually, a snow-white naked body appeared in front of Luo Zheng …
Generally speaking, when one cultivated to such a realm, one would have seen through the flesh and skin of the body.
For example, martial artists of the Divine Sea Realm could live for thousands or even tens of thousands of years. They had seen all kinds of beautiful women. As for martial artists of even higher realms, and even True Gods, they had even longer lives. In their eyes, all living things were nothing but skin.
It was rare to see a True God like the big-mouthed monster, Wu Yu, who cared about his appearance.
However, Luo Zheng was born in this world, and his bone age was only forty. Thus, he still felt quite uncomfortable in front of such a woman's naked body. The woman's body emitted a radiance that was as bright as moonlight. It was as if there was a kind of magic hidden within it. For a moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were unable to move away.
Out of respect, Luo Zheng forced himself to turn his face to the side.
When he undid all the Immortal Essence Ropes, rays of soft blue light suddenly floated out of the woman's body. These soft lights formed ribbons of light that intertwined with each other. After covering the important parts of her body, they directly transformed into a simple and fitting blue dress.
As the long skirt slightly rolled up, the tight and well-proportioned legs under the skirt bent slightly, and a pair of bare feet touched the ground.
At this moment, Luo Zheng looked up and carefully sized up the woman's appearance.
Ever since he ascended to the Upper Realm, most of the women that Luo Zheng saw were peerless beauties. With such a cultivation level, it was too easy to change one's appearance. Moreover, it was only a matter of thought to maintain one's youthful appearance. Therefore, the biggest difference between beauties was their temperament. For example, Xun's passion under her silence, or Ning Yudie's grace and delicacy, etc.
However, the woman in front of him gave Luo Zheng an indescribable and unfathomable sense of mystery.
Humans were creatures with strong curiosity. Many times, mystery represented a strong attraction …
Afo said that this woman cultivated the Dao of the Heart and Soul. Presumably, this was the reason why she emitted this feeling.
"What's your name?" Luo Zheng asked.
The woman smiled faintly. There was always a mysterious charm released from her every movement, which made Luo Zheng feel even more confused and uncontrollably attracted. "You're indeed very decent. Even when I was enslaved, you didn't peek into my memories …"
After she was enslaved by Luo Zheng, it was equivalent to stripping off everything about herself and exposing herself naked in front of Luo Zheng. He only needed to search through her memories, and he would be able to understand any minute memory of her life.
"I said before, I don't need to enslave anyone, and I won't peek into your memories!" Luo Zheng replied. "I'm only here because I need your help."
"It doesn't matter." The woman took a step forward barefoot and gracefully approached Luo Zheng. With a faint smile on her face, she stretched out her slender index finger and brushed it across Luo Zheng's face. "I won't tell you my name. If you want to know my name, you have to search for it yourself …"
She shook her finger at Luo Zheng and raised her eyebrows slightly. She immediately turned around and walked towards the exit of the dungeon. Just now, Luo Zheng had forcibly rushed down and tore off a large piece of the moss. However, the growth of the moss was too vigorous, and now the exit was completely blocked.
When the woman walked in front of the moss, it seemed to be very afraid of her and constantly surged in all directions. On the ground where her bare feet stepped on, the moss on the ground separated in an instant, as if afraid of touching the woman. She walked out without any effort.
As for Luo Zheng, he stood there in a slight daze. He could have known the woman's name with just a thought, but he forcibly restrained himself. It seemed that probing into the woman's soul was like a trap. Although it was full of temptation, he was not willing to rashly step into it.
After the woman in blue left, the moss instantly filled the entire passageway layer by layer. Looking at the constantly squirming moss, Luo Zheng frowned. He could only once again operate the power source in his inner world and forcibly squeeze it out …
After leaving the dungeon, Luo Zheng heard a burst of barking coming from outside. It turned out that the big-mouthed monster was teasing Big Black from a certain distance. Big Black was bound by the Immortal Essence Rope and could only bark at the big-mouthed monster. However, it could not do anything to the big-mouthed monster. Big Black's barks could greatly suppress Luo Zheng's soul, but it had little effect on the big-mouthed monster.
When the big-mouthed monster saw the woman in blue appear, it seemed to have seen something extremely terrifying. The sausage-like corners of its mouth could not help but twitch. Soon after, it did not dare to move.
As for Big Black, it whimpered and rushed back into the doghouse, lying on the ground motionlessly.
Such a ferocious dog actually looked pitifully at the woman in blue …
As for the Extreme Evil Old Man and Zhan Beihai, both had nervous expressions. They did not expect that Luo Zheng would dare to release the woman from the second floor of the dungeon!
"Why are you looking at me like that?" The woman in blue glanced at everyone, a hazy smile appearing on her face.
This smile was so enchanting that Luo Zheng found it strange. Why were these people so afraid?
"You, you, don't kill us!" The ferocious-looking Extreme Evil Old Man said as he pointed at the woman in blue. It was indeed rare to see such an expression on the Extreme Evil Old Man's face.
The woman in blue chuckled. "We are now considered to be on the same side. Naturally, there is no need to kill you. If we meet in the future, who knows? Let's talk about … how to help this young man."
Returning to the main topic, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "Two people. I only need two people!"
"Can't all of us go together?" Zhan Beihai immediately said.
"That's right. Anyway, as long as we tear the other party apart, the mission will be completed," the big-mouthed monster hurriedly agreed.
In their hearts, they thought that if the woman in blue stayed in the Immortal Mansion, the other fellows who were not chosen by Luo Zheng would be unlucky. It was better for everyone to stay together. At least the woman in blue would not act rashly. It was clear that they were extremely afraid of her.
"No." Luo Zheng shook his head. "I need you to fight in the universe. The other party only has three True Gods. We can only have three on our side. This is the rule."
"Universe?"
"You mean the Inner World constructed by the Sage?"
"Isn't the universe only allowed to have one True God?"
"Who is Mu Haiji fighting with in the universe?"
These people's faces were filled with astonishment. They were caught in the Immortal Mansion and naturally knew that this place was Long Xuan. They did not expect Luo Zheng to bring them to fight in the universe.
Previously, they had already guessed that the opponent was Mu Haiji's disciple. Since they were going to fight in the universe, Mu Haiji must have started a universe war with a True God …
"His surname is Luo." The woman in blue smiled charmingly again.
With this sentence, the few True Gods found the answer in an instant.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1704
The Divine Territory had a long history.
The time span of one Divine Era was unimaginably long. Since the Divine Territory was created, countless Divine Eras had passed.
In every Divine Era, countless living beings had become Gods. After becoming a True God, their inner world would form a perfect closed loop. Their lifespan would be endless, which meant that they would exist forever.
True Gods were born continuously, but very few died.
After countless God Epochs, the True Gods in the God Domain had formed an extremely large group.
However, the number of True Gods who could become Saints was very small!
Among them, there was only one with the surname "Luo" — Luo Xiao.
The few Real Gods at the scene immediately understood what the lady in blue meant when they heard her.
They had heard that Firmament Saint and North Saint had a good relationship. Even when the Divine Territory's Saint Hall had caused such a huge commotion, North Saint had stood firmly on Luo Xiao's side and withstood great pressure … Luo Zheng must be Luo Xiao's son. It was no wonder that he could become Gu Bei's disciple.
The Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster had sensed Luo Zheng's potential and wanted to take him in as a disciple. However, when they heard that Luo Zheng was Gu Bei's disciple, they naturally gave up on the idea. Now that they knew that Luo Zheng was Luo Xiao's son, they knew that they had thought too much.
"This involves a lot of things, tsk tsk …" The Evil Old Man clenched his teeth and said.
The big-mouthed monster nodded as well …
If they had killed Mu Haiji's three disciples in the Divine Territory, it would not have been a big deal. At most, they could just run away. Moreover, the Divine Territory was so vast. Although Mu Haiji was a Saint and had great abilities, it would not be easy for him to find out the truth.
However, this Universal War was happening in the inner worlds of two Saints. Mu Haiji was not the only one watching. The Saints of the Saint Hall were watching as well!
Originally, the two of them were very enthusiastic, but now they had already retreated.
"I'll go," Zhan Beihai said calmly.
"Aiya! Brother Beihai is indeed suitable. He has a noble status and is not afraid of Mu Haiji's revenge! I'll have to trouble you … "The Evil Old Man said with a smile.
Zhan Beihai rolled his eyes. His background was different from these two. These two were notorious villains in the Divine Domain. Once they were exposed, everyone would want to kill them. Even if Mu Haiji didn't make a move, the other Saints would.
However, Zhan Beihai was captured by Gu Bei because of other reasons, so he was not afraid of Mu Haiji.
"Then I'll go too." The woman in blue smiled faintly. Compared to Mu Haiji, this woman was even more unrestrained. A faint black mist appeared in her eyes and escaped along her eyelashes. It was as if she had applied black eyeshadow to her eyes. It was extremely moving.
"Alright!" Luo Zheng nodded.
It didn't matter who accompanied him to battle. He needed to solve the problem in the Great Yan Universe as soon as possible!
Thus, the Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster were left in the Immortal Abode, while Zhan Beihai and the woman in blue followed Luo Zheng out of the Immortal Abode and headed to the Great Expansion Universe.
…
…
"Roar!"
A demonic red dragon breath soared into the sky.
This dragon breath was like a flood that broke through a dam, dyeing half the sky crimson red …
A figure constantly shuttled through the dragon breath. With a leap, he was already above the Ancestral Gragon's head. He stretched out his leg and lightly stepped on the Ancestral Gragon's head!
"Boom!"
An invisible force pressed down, and the Ancestral Gragon's huge head smashed downwards.
"This little fellow is indeed powerful. Unfortunately, he's still too young," Mu Han said faintly. Previously, he had been trapped in the bamboo forest by the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin. He had spent a lot of effort to break through the bamboo forest's maze. He didn't expect to encounter the Ancestral Gragon as soon as he broke through the maze.
"Rumble …"
The head was heavily stomped into the ground of a great world, sinking deep into the ground. It directly drilled through this great world!
"Roar roar roar …"
Mu Han had just stepped on the Ancestral Gragon when nine dragons of different colors intersected and breathed out different dragon breaths. There was acid fog, fire, lightning …
"You guys? Even more useless! "
The corners of Mu Han's mouth curled up. His body spun rapidly in the air, and a gentle light appeared on his body. He actually went against the dragon breaths. When he rushed towards the five-clawed golden dragon, he reached out and grabbed at the air!
A pale yellow giant hand grabbed the five-clawed golden dragon's vital point and exerted force!
"Ka ka ka …"
The five-clawed golden dragon was instantly crushed into two!
However, at the moment of the rupture, a bright light flashed out of the five-clawed golden dragon's fracture. It turned into countless Heaven's Divination Essence, which flowed like mercury and connected back together.
The bodies that the nine dragons had formed were Heaven's Evolution Bodies. Although it wasn't as good as their original bodies, it was difficult to destroy this Heaven's Evolution Body. After a few exchanges, the Heaven's Evolution Bodies had been destroyed several times. However, they were able to repair themselves and form a whole body.
However, if this body was continuously destroyed, the Heaven's Evolution Essence would weaken to a certain extent. It would eventually be difficult to reform this body. Now that they couldn't do anything to Mu Han, the situation was naturally worrying.
On the other side …
Heavenly Venerable Oracle and Xun shuttled back and forth like two comets in the sky, circling around Mu Jiu.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. I didn't expect a human woman to have such a temperament. I, Mu Jiu, am deeply honored to have two beauties as my companions!"
Mu Jiu held the Soul-Searching Banner and narrowed his eyes. His gaze was firmly locked on the two women!
"Shut up!"
With Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox's help, Xun's wings suddenly flapped, and she suddenly appeared beside Mu Jiu. Her eyes were crimson red, and her entire body was wrapped in a layer of dark red fog. The power of faith that had accumulated in the Pool of Faith for countless years surged wildly into the Holy Spear of Massacre!
"Swoosh!"
This spear contained an extremely terrifying killing intent. Under the condensation of the spear intent, it seemed to be able to penetrate all things.
"The power of faith that focuses on massacre? I like this feeling! "Mu Jiu smiled slightly. He didn't dodge at all. Instead, he grabbed Xun's Holy Spear of Massacre!
At the same time, Heavenly Venerable Oracle also appeared behind Mu Jiu. She shuttled through space like a shadow, and the dim light in her hand silently swept towards the back of Mu Jiu's neck!
A trace of excitement appeared on Heavenly Venerable Oracle's beautiful face. At this distance, she had never failed before!
However, at this moment, a strong sense of danger assaulted her heart. A gray trajectory instantly appeared and collided with her mind. She had no time to dodge. She only felt a wave of dizziness, then lost consciousness and fell down.
The speed of the Light-Sweeping Bat was unimaginably fast. Previously, it had killed Heavenly Venerable Thunder Punishment with a single blow. However, it had only knocked Heavenly Venerable Oracle unconscious. Naturally, Mu Jiu had shown mercy!
On the other side, Mu Jiu had already grabbed Xun's Holy Spear of Massacre. With a sudden tug, the Holy Spear of Massacre flew out of Xun's hand like a sharp arrow. Xun wanted to flap her wings and escape. At the same time, Heavenly Venerable Cloud Fox also wanted to pull her back.
However, Mu Jiu's eyes flashed. With a casual slap of his hand, he locked the space around Xun. Then, he reached over Xun's shoulder and grabbed, crushing all of Xun's skeletal wings. Immediately after, he shook the Soul-Searching Banner!
A gray ribbon of light shot out from the banner and quickly wrapped around Xun!
The moment the ribbon of light wrapped around her, Xun felt that her soul couldn't move. Even her thoughts became extremely slow. She couldn't even control her body to escape …
"It's a pity that such a beauty has fallen." Mu Jiu chuckled. Then, he fell backward and shot downward with the Soul-Searching Banner in his hand.
Heavenly Venerable Oracle had already fallen quite a distance. However, she had unconsciously landed on the ground. Mu Jiu caught up with her in no time. As Mu Jiu shook the Soul-Searching Banner, another gray ribbon of light shot out from the banner and wrapped around Heavenly Venerable Oracle.
Mu Jiu hung the two women on the Soul-Searching Banner like trophies of war …
Heavenly Venerable Oracle, who had slowly regained consciousness, and Xun, who couldn't move, felt their hearts sink. It was better to die in battle than to fall into the hands of such a person!
"Tsk, tsk …" Mu Jiu had a frivolous expression on his face. He reached out and gently pinched Heavenly Venerable Oracle's face. Although Heavenly Venerable Oracle couldn't move, he stared at Mu Jiu with a cold, murderous gaze.
"I like that look in your eyes." Mu Jiu patted Heavenly Venerable Oracle's face. After saying that, he looked at Xun. Although the two women both had cold expressions, their temperaments were worlds apart.
Just as he was about to toy with them, he suddenly heard the sound of wind behind him. His heart skipped a beat. He pulled the Soul-Searching Banner and flipped to the side!
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
A sword ray that stretched for hundreds of miles slashed past Mu Jiu. The sharpness of this sword ray made Mu Jiu's heart turn cold!
If it weren't for his sharp reaction, he might have died under this sword!

Chapter 1705
Mu Jiu was slightly taken aback when he saw Luo Zheng appear here out of nowhere. "Eh? Aren't you the kid that senior brother is looking for? Where did you come from? "
Mu Han had used Mu Jiu's soul-searching flag to search for Luo Zheng in the entire Great Yan Universe!
However, Luo Zheng had disappeared without a trace. It was rather strange.
Now that he had suddenly appeared, Mu Jiu was naturally astonished.
However, although Mu Jiu found it strange, he didn't take Luo Zheng seriously. In Mu Jiu's opinion, Luo Zheng was just a slightly stronger Dao Disciple … He didn't even take the many Heavenly Venerables in the Great Yan Universe seriously, let alone a Realm Lord Dao Disciple? He wasn't worth mentioning! Now that Luo Zheng had appeared here, he was just courting death.
"But that's fine too. My senior brother is stubborn. If he can't find you, he'll be nagging for tens of thousands of years!" Mu Jiu continued.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at Mu Jiu. After Mu Jiu finished speaking, he said indifferently, "Kill him. Try to make it as painful as possible."
Mu Jiu was astonished. "Who are you talking to? Could it be … that you've invited help? "
True Gods in the God Realm never took second-level lifeforms seriously. Moreover, Mu Jiu and the others were Mu Haiji's disciples, so they were even more prideful. Mu Jiu didn't think that Luo Zheng would be able to invite any serious help!
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a steady voice came from behind Mu Jiu. "Congratulations, you're right!"
"Boom!"
Then, a monstrous battle intent surged!
That battle intent contained an invincible momentum, as if there was nothing in the world that could make it afraid. There was no other choice but to press forward courageously!
The moment Mu Jiu sensed the battle intent, he realized that he was in trouble!
Although Mu Jiu was frivolous and boastful, his talent was indeed outstanding. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been taken in as a disciple by Mu Haiji. The moment he sensed the battle intent, his right hand began to shake. The Light-Grazing Bat perched on the soul-searching flag instantly turned into a gray streak and shot towards the person behind him!
How terrifying was the speed of a Light-Grazing Bat?
Before this, Empyrean Thunder Punishment and the others simply couldn't catch a trace of it. All they could see was a gray line …
However, the person who appeared behind Mu Jiu suddenly reached out and grabbed the grey line. The Light Sweeping Bat struggled in his hand, but it was unable to break free from his grasp!
"Light Sweeping Bat? It's extremely rare, it's a pity to kill it like this … "A surprised smile appeared on the man's face, but he then squeezed his hand and the soul of the Light Grazing Bat instantly dissipated …
The Light-Skimming Bat itself was not powerful. In fact, it could be said to be extremely fragile. It only relied on its extremely high speed. Ordinary True Gods would find it difficult to capture its trajectory, let alone shoot this little thing down.
But to Zhan Beihai, this was not a big deal.
"You, you dared to kill my Light-Sweeping Bat!"
Mu Jiu's eyes widened. He had not refined the Light-Grazing Bat in the first place and had always regarded it as an extremely precious item. He had thought that there was probably no one in this universe who could capture it, so he had been so confident in summoning it.
He did not expect that a guy who had suddenly appeared would have abilities that far exceeded his imagination!
"Such a strong battle intent, you're from the War God Temple!" Mu Jiu gritted his teeth and questioned.
Zhan Beihai shrugged. "I don't deny it." As he spoke, the battle intent on his body grew stronger. Once Zhan Beihai entered a battle, his entire person would be in an extremely excited state. It looked like he was ready to attack at any time.
Mu Jiu maintained a strong vigilance and said coldly, "I'm Mu Haiji's disciple!"
"I know," Zhan Beihai replied.
"This is a universal war between two Sages. My master's gaze is on this place!"
"I know."
"Do you know the price of interfering in this matter?" Mu Jiu asked again.
"I know …"
"Then why aren't you scramming?" Mu Jiu shouted coldly.
Zhan Beihai smiled slightly and stared at Mu Jiu with pity in his eyes. "I'm just telling you that I know, but I'm definitely going to interfere in this matter." After speaking, he stepped out in the air!
"Dong!"
A dull sound exploded from under Zhan Beihai's feet.
The space in the universe was not as solid as in the Divine Territory. With this step in the air, the space was instantly compressed and collapsed. The compression force was so great that it formed an annihilation force that exploded in the air, instantly enveloping a large area under Zhan Beihai's feet!
This was just the power of a single step!
Seeing the strong annihilation force explode, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. This Zhan Beihai was really too strong!
Although Luo Zheng had one-third of a Sage's power source, he had always been unable to unleash this power source to the extreme. This was due to the difference in cultivation level, as well as the difference in Luo Zheng's control of power.
However, this could not be blamed on Luo Zheng. It was like someone giving a saber to a three or four-year-old child. No matter how smart the child was, it would be difficult for him to unleash the full power of this saber!
Therefore, Luo Zheng might have strength that far exceeded Zhan Beihai's, but if he used the same strength to compete with Zhan Beihai, he would still not be Zhan Beihai's match!
Mu Jiu was already on full alert against Zhan Beihai's movements. When he heard Zhan Beihai's reply, his expression turned ugly. "My master can turn you into meat paste in the blink of an eye. Aren't you afraid of death?"
"Hmph …"
A cold smile appeared on Zhan Beihai's face. He continued to charge forward at an extremely fast speed. Every step he took in the air caused the space to collapse, releasing a strong annihilation force!
Mu Jiu looked at the approaching Zhan Beihai, and his pupils contracted rapidly.
Should he fight or flee?
Even if he fled, Zhan Beihai would arrive in an instant. At this moment, Mu Jiu no longer hesitated. The Soul Searching Banner in his hand trembled continuously, and powerful True God souls floated out of the Soul Searching Banner!
This Soul Searching Banner only had a total of seven True God souls. Furthermore, each of them had been refined using a soul mystic technique for countless years. They were the Soul Searching Banner's trump card!
Before this, Mu Jiu would never have dreamed that he would use these True God souls! Summoning the Light Sweeping Bat could be considered an eye-opener for the Heavenly Venerables in the Great Evolution Universe. However, he was now worried whether these seven True God souls could keep him safe.
The seven Souls of the True Gods each had their own unique characteristics. There was a general wearing armor, an old man with a long beard, a woman, and a True Spirit … But no matter which Soul of the True Gods they were, they were all powerhouses when they were alive.
Many experts were unwilling to let their souls be enslaved and driven by others. Before they were enslaved, they would think of ways to destroy their own souls. Capturing the soul of a True God was not an easy task, but it was extremely powerful when it was really driven.
Although the Extreme Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster Wu Yu were much stronger than Zhan Beihai, if the Extreme Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster were to deal with them, they might not have it easier than Zhan Beihai. This was because Zhan Beihai was from the War God Temple!
The War God Temple mainly cultivated the War God Dao. Once their fighting spirit surged, they were unstoppable. Even their souls would be enveloped by the raging fighting spirit. They were not afraid of any soul-level attacks at all!
When the first True God soul rushed over, Zhan Beihai faced it head-on with a punch. This punch, which was filled with fighting spirit, smashed into the void and instantly shattered thousands of feet of space. Everything within it started to be annihilated …
Dong!
When the light produced by the annihilation disappeared, the first True God soul had already been defeated and disappeared without a trace.
Zhan Beihai did not stop at all. He had already sent out a second punch!
Dong!
Dong!
Dong!
Every time a dull sound spread out, a large area of space would be annihilated. At the same time, a True God soul would be defeated.
At this moment, Mu Jiu's heart was bleeding. These True God souls were his trump cards, but they were nothing in front of this fellow. Where did this Luo Zheng find help from? How could he be so powerful?
Heavenly Venerate Oracle and Xun, who were bound by the Soul-Searching Banner, also widened their eyes when they saw this scene. They looked at this fellow who was like a War God, and their brows were filled with disbelief!

Chapter 1706
Xun thought of something. She knew Luo Zheng better than Celestial Lord Shen Yu, and she had spent a lot of time in that Immortal Mansion.
When Luo Zheng went to the Illusory Battlefield, Xun often walked in the Immortal Mansion. There should be many secrets hidden in that Immortal Mansion, but these secrets had not been revealed.
Occasionally, she could hear the sound of a dog barking.
Although Xun had never seen Big Black before, the power contained in Big Black's roars had left a deep impression on Xun, who was still in her spiritual form at that time. Although she was fearless, Big Black's barks gave her great pressure even though they were separated by a great distance.
This person should have walked out of the Immortal Mansion …
After Zhan Beihai defeated the souls of the True Gods one by one, he slowed down his speed and walked toward Mu Jiu at a leisurely pace.
His long black hair was messily draped over his shoulders, and the muscles all over his body were swollen, as if stones were embedded in his body. His muscles even emitted a faint light, as if they contained some strange power that could explode at any time.
Mu Jiu, who was holding the soul-searching flag, finally showed a look of fear on his face.
He already understood that the person in front of him did not take him seriously at all. He was not even afraid of his own master!
Mu Haiji might be paying attention to this universal war, but he would not act rashly.
Starting a universal war was not a trivial matter. It had to be agreed by the entire Saint Hall, and Mu Haiji was not the only Saint who was paying attention to this universal war. There were other Saints as well. Mu Haiji could not openly violate the rules of the Saint Hall and descend his true body!
In other words, if this guy from the Temple of War attacked, no one would be able to help Mu Jiu block it!
Many True Gods had peacefully lived for a very long time. According to the calendar in the Dayan Universe, it could be tens of billions or even hundreds of billions of years. In the Divine Realm, there were even True Gods who had lived long enough and committed suicide.
But he, Mu Jiu, was a rising star. He was definitely a very "young" True God. He still had an endless lifespan to enjoy. He could experience ten thousand reincarnations. He could enjoy the worship of trillions of living beings.
Bury himself in the Dayan Universe? He had never thought that there would be such a possibility!
Due to the fear of death, Mu Jiu only had one thought left, and that was to escape. He still had one place to escape, and that was the Dayan Universe. Although the two universes were at war and he would not be safe even if he escaped to the Dayan Dayan Universe, his master was the Dayan Dayan Universe. He could set up a powerful obstacle in the Dayan Universe to protect his life!
As soon as this thought popped up in his mind, his body began to flicker with a blazing white light, and his entire body began to disappear like a human silhouette.
"Heh." The corners of Zhan Beihai's mouth curled up slightly. His arm, which was as thick as a bucket, suddenly raised and punched towards the air not far away!
"Boom!"
With a muffled sound, a certain space suddenly exploded, and Mu Jiu's figure staggered out of the space. There was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth, and his eyes were filled with resentment!
Zhan Beihai's punch was exactly the same as when Ancestor Gragon had pulled Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Venerable Extreme Flame out of the spatial tunnel!
However, Ancestor Gragon had used his comprehension of Space to block Heavenly Venerable Extreme Flame's teleportation. Zhan Beihai had used his astonishing speed and precise perception to directly destroy Mu Jiu's teleportation. Moreover, Mu Jiu was a True God, so the teleportation he used was a hundred times more profound than that of a Heavenly Venerable Extreme Flame. The difficulty of the two could not be compared.
Seeing Mu Jiu's gaze, Zhan Beihai's eyes showed a hint of mockery. "Use the most painful method possible …" After he said this, the muscles all over his body doubled in size!
On his arms, chest, and between his legs, a dim light flashed!
"These are eight Dao Pillars …" Seeing those dim lights, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. There was more than one way to refine one's body in the God Realm. Eight Dao Pillars and nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier were only one of the more mainstream methods. Zhan Beihai used the same conjoined body method as Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
With a muffled sound, Zhan Beihai had already disappeared from where he stood, instantly closing in on Mu Jiu.
Mu Jiu knew very well that he was on the brink of death. After he abandoned the Soul Searching Banner, his body suddenly twisted in the air, trying his best to avoid Zhan Beihai's charge. At the same time, he roared, "Senior Brother! Quickly come save me! "
In this Great Evolution Universe, only Mu Han and Mu Tian could help him, but Mu Jiu felt that his two senior brothers were probably no match for this person!
However, just as he roared, Zhan Beihai's large hand had already grabbed Mu Jiu's neck. At this moment, Zhan Beihai was already three times his usual size. In comparison, Mu Jiu was like a skinny dwarf in his hand.
"My War God Temple has a punishment called Battle Intent Dismemberment," Zhan Beihai said as he stared at Mu Jiu in his hand.
Mu Jiu had obviously heard of this punishment before. The pupils in his eyes rapidly contracted, and the fear on his face constantly magnified. "You, you dare to treat me like this … You will definitely regret it!"
Before he could finish speaking, endless battle intent surged out from Zhan Beihai's body. Every True God had their own "influence," and the "influence" that the people of the War God Temple had was battle intent.
At this moment, streaks of battle intent burst out from Zhan Beihai's body like sharp knives, pouring into Mu Jiu's mind.
The blood on Mu Jiu's face disappeared without a trace. His teeth kept chattering, and beads of sweat came out from the pores all over his body.
The most terrifying punishment was always directed at the soul. The Fighting Spirit's Death by Thousand Cuts was like that. Every time the Fighting Spirit entered Mu Jiu's mind, it would cut Mu Jiu's soul. Even if a True God's soul was attacked directly, it would produce the most intense and real pain. In just a breath, Mu Jiu's soul had been "cut" by the Fighting Spirit thousands of times.
The "cutting" of this Battle Intent Dismemberment was extremely precise. It would try its best not to cause the other party's soul to collapse, thus delaying the pain.
Just now, Luo Zheng had asked him to use the most painful method to end Mu Jiu's life. Zhan Beihai had suddenly thought of this cruel method in the War God Temple!
Thus, Luo Zheng, Xun, and Heavenly Lord Oracle saw an extremely terrifying face.
The expression on Mu Jiu's face could no longer be described as twisted. From Mu Jiu's eyes, there was a fervent desire — a desire to die as quickly as possible!
However, since it was a punishment, Zhan Beihai naturally wouldn't end his life so easily.
This painful process lasted for a full 30 breaths. After enduring tens of thousands of cuts, Mu Jiu's pupils had expanded to the limit. His entire body trembled as he gradually died …
Zhan Beihai casually threw Mu Jiu's body aside and turned to Luo Zheng. "Are you satisfied?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Although he thought that Zhan Beihai's strength was above Mu Jiu's, he didn't expect the whole process to be so easy. He had underestimated this group of people in the dungeon!
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he instantly teleported to the side of the Soul-Searching Banner. Xun and Heavenly Lord Oracle were still wrapped in the brown ribbons of light, hanging motionlessly on the banner.
The moment he grabbed the Soul-Searching Banner, he felt a strong repulsive force attack him. Then, as if his head was being torn apart, there was an intense pain …
Although Xun couldn't move or speak, there was a look of worry on her face.
"This Soul-Searching Banner isn't an ordinary Primordial Treasure. Although I've killed seven True God souls, there are still tens of thousands of souls enslaved within it." Zhan Beihai stepped forward and reached out to grab the Soul-Searching Banner. With a violent shake, the two ribbons of light binding Xun and Heavenly Lord Oracle instantly broke apart, and the two women instantly regained their freedom!
After Heavenly Lord Oracle was freed, the tip of his foot tapped lightly in the air. Then, he cupped his hands and bowed to Zhan Beihai. "Thank you, righteous man, for saving us!"
Zhan Beihai smiled faintly. "You should thank him. I'm only here because I'm following his orders. I don't have any thoughts of morality." There was no right or wrong in this battle of the universe. Although he had chosen to help Luo Zheng, it didn't mean that he had chosen a side. Zhan Beihai had been imprisoned by Gu Bei in the Immortal Abode for quite some time. He didn't know what the War God Temple's stance on the battle between the two Sages was. Under such circumstances, he wouldn't make a decision easily.
Then, Zhan Beihai threw the Soul-Searching Banner to Luo Zheng. "This thing is also a very powerful treasure. I've already erased the imprint on it. It'll be quite useful to you."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1707
This Soul Searching Banner was once one of Mu Haiji's most precious treasures. However, after he became a Saint, this treasure was no longer of much use to him, so he naturally bestowed it to his favorite disciples.
After several rounds of passing, the Soul Searching Banner naturally fell into Mu Jiu's hands!
Not only could this banner capture souls, but it could also imprison them and continuously refine them, ultimately enslaving them. Apart from that, it also had the ability to amplify one's divine sense!
After Zhan Beihai erased the soul imprint on the Soul Searching Banner, Luo Zheng held it in his hand without any problems.
This was a soul-type grandmist treasure, and it was indeed quite useful to Luo Zheng. After thanking Mu Jiu, he safely placed it in his spatial ring.
At this moment, a majestic roar came from the depths of the Realm of the Gods!
"Everlasting War! How could someone from your War God Temple appear in the Great Evolution Universe! He actually killed my beloved disciple! Hurry up and get him to leave! "
The person who spoke was naturally Mu Haiji.
In Mu Haiji's eyes, the Great Evolution Universe's defeat was already a foregone conclusion.
He wasn't the only one who felt that way. The saints of the Hallowed Halls felt the same way as well. The living beings in the World of Divination were only struggling at death's door. Unless Luo Xiao could come back to life in a single night, only then would it be possible to save the World of Divination.
Just as the Saints were silently watching this universal war, another True Divinity suddenly appeared!
The moment Zhan Beihai appeared, the Saints had already figured out his origins. This fellow who had suddenly appeared actually came from the War God Temple … And the War God Temple was one of the few major powers in God's Domain. Moreover, the entire War God Temple had three Saints that had joined the Holy Hall. In terms of size, they were much stronger than Mu Haiji!
"Hahahaha," Suddenly, a hearty laugh came from the clouds. "Beihai! Beihai actually didn't die! "That voice contained a hint of ecstasy.
"Everlasting War! I want you to give me an explanation. What is the meaning of this? "Mu Haiji's voice turned cold.
"Explanation? Hehe! Mu Haiji, you changed the rules on the stone slab, so let's not talk about it. After all, the purpose of the Holy Halls was to restrict you and me. Everyone should act according to the rules! Did the men of my Zhan Clan break the rules when they entered the Great Evolution Realm? "Everlasting War sneered.
"Of course not. According to the rules on the stone slab, the Great Expansion Universe can send three True Gods," Saint Jiu said.
"Since we didn't break the rules, why should my North Sea retreat? Just because of one sentence from Mu Haiji? Just because your head is bigger than mine? Hahahaha! "Everlasting War laughed maniacally.
The members of the War God Temple had always been arrogant and unbridled. As for Everlasting War, he was the head of the War God Temple. How could he be willing to show weakness in front of Mu Hai?
In reality, the Saints had already seen the entirety of the Divine Dominion. Normally, everyone would not speak with such a thick smell of gunpowder. However, this Zhan Beihai was also very special to the War God Temple. Naturally, Everlasting War would do his best to protect him.
Mu Haiji calmed down after hearing Everlasting Zhan's retort.
It was just Zhan Beihai. His Great Evolution Realm might not necessarily lose. After all, Mu Tian was still inside …
Thus, the depths of the Divine Dominion regained its calm. However, the Saints all had their own thoughts. Some Saints sighed that Luo Xiao's life was not meant to end, while others were abnormally angry. Originally, this matter had been in the bag, but now, such a variable had suddenly appeared. This made them anxious!
…
…
At this moment, the Ancestral Gragon was already riddled with wounds. Large areas of its beautiful scales had been peeled off, and half of its tail had been broken. Even the pair of sharp sword-like horns on its head had been neatly chopped off!
However, the Ancestral Gragon displayed an extremely strong vitality. Every time he was smashed down by Mu Han, he would climb up again and again. Even if he was riddled with wounds, he did not cower in the slightest!
Mu Jiu's desperate shout did not reach here. Moreover, Mu Han did not think that there was anything in the Great Expansion Universe that could threaten Mu Jiu …
"Still not dead?"
This time, a trace of malevolence appeared on Mu Han's face. These nine true dragons and the Ancestral Gragon were incomparably tenacious. They had stubbornly tangled with him until now.
However, this Ancestral Gragon was already an arrow at the end of its flight. He was prepared to end the Ancestral Gragon's life. A Six-clawed Golden Dragon was extremely rare in the Divine Dominion, but this fellow had already grown to this extent. He could not take it as his spirit pet or contract beast. He could only kill it first and then crush those annoying true dragons later!
"Roar!"
The Ancestral Gragon, who was crawling above the Great Expansion Universe, raised his dragon head. He had almost no strength left to fly. He could only lie on the ground and spit dragon breath at Mu Han. However, the balls of demonic red dragon breath had lost their threat and dissipated before they could even get close to Mu Han …
Mu Han leaped toward the Ancestral Gragon again. This time, there was a ghost halberd in Mu Han's hand. When he waved the halberd, the ghost halberd above him emitted a dark red light. This ghost halberd was also a grandmist artifact and a treasure that was spiritually connected to Mu Han!
After easily dodging the Ancestral Gragon's weak dragon breath, Mu Han once again stood on the Ancestral Gragon's head and raised the ghost halberd high up …
"Stop!"
"Roar roar roar …"
Not far away, the two true dragons rushed over at the same time.
The nine true dragons' Heaven's Evolution Physiques had been destroyed many times and the color on their bodies had dimmed significantly. Moreover, every time their Heaven's Evolution Physiques were destroyed, their recovery speed was much slower. The other seven true dragons' Heaven's Evolution Physiques were slowly reforming. Only the Five-clawed Golden Dragon and Qinglong were still able to move!
Facing the two enormous figures, Mu Han spun the ghost halberd in his hand and shot two streams of killing power at the two true dragons. The moment the true dragons' Heaven's Evolution Physiques came into contact with the two streams of power, they were completely shredded and turned into countless droplets of Heaven's Evolution Essence that splattered everywhere. However, after the droplets of Heaven's Evolution Essence landed on the ground, they continued to gather in one place. It was just that it would take a long time for them to reform their bodies.
"Roar!"
When the Ancestral Gragon saw this, he raised his head angrily and actually pushed Mu Han up.
Mu Han stood on the Ancestral Gragon's head and steadied himself. With a cold snort, he suddenly stomped on the Ancestral Gragon's head …
"Boom!"
The Ancestral Gragon's enormous head smashed into the ground once more …
The Ancestral Gragon had finally lost all his strength. He tried his best to raise his head, but to no avail. His enormous dragon eyes were filled with sorrow, and he kept whimpering from his mouth.
Mu Han spun the ghost halberd slightly and aimed one end of the halberd at the Ancestral Gragon. Rings of red light spread from the ghost halberd as Mu Han condensed a strange power!
No matter how tenacious the Ancestral Gragon's vitality was, he probably wouldn't be able to withstand the damage from this halberd!
"Die, I really don't have the time to play with you …" Mu Han had been trapped by the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin's treasure and had been entangled by the nine true dragons and the Ancestral Gragon for a long time. He had indeed wasted a lot of time.
After saying that, Mu Han viciously stabbed the ghost halberd at the Ancestral Gragon's head!
However, just as the ghost halberd was about to pierce Mu Han, a bronze fist suddenly appeared in front of him. Just this fist alone was bigger than Mu Han's brain! How could Mu Han have the time to kill the Ancestral Gragon when this bronze fist came crashing down? He relied on his instincts to block the attack with the ghost halberd in front of him!
"Boom!"
With the first punch, Mu Han's ghost halberd was bent!
A grandmist artifact artifact was bent by a single punch! Mu Han's heart trembled.
"Boom!"
Without any delay, the second punch landed on the ghost halberd …
The ghost halberd was bent even more severely!
"Boom!"
When the third punch landed, the ghost halberd was directly smashed into pieces, and the massive fist landed on Mu Han's chest!
"Pu!"
The three punches seemed unremarkable, but they contained an unimaginable amount of power. Mu Han spat out a mouthful of blood as he flew backwards, leaving a long trail of blood behind him.
However, Mu Han did not die. He had a feeling that these three punches could have killed him, but at the last moment, the power had weakened. It was most likely deliberately suppressed!
The attacker was very strong, but it seemed like he wanted to keep him alive. Why?
Mu Han's mind spun rapidly. After coming to this conclusion, he looked up and saw a burly man with disheveled hair standing not far away. The three punches just now were given by this long-haired man.
"Alright, that guy is almost done. Go and fulfill your wish," Zhan Beihai said calmly.

Chapter 1708
Because everything had happened so suddenly, Mu Han had suffered three punches in a daze. Before he could clearly see the situation in front of him, his mind was still in a daze.
When he heard Zhan Beihai's words, he was even more stunned!
Then, a person appeared beside Zhan Beihai. It was actually Luo Zheng …
"You!" Mu Han's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
He had originally planned to clean up these Empyreans and then carefully search for this brat.
Although the universe was vast, with Mu Han's cultivation, there was no place for this brat to hide.
He had never imagined that this brat would actually take the initiative to appear and invite such a powerhouse.
Just now, he had been puzzled as to why Zhan Beihai had held back 60% of his strength when his third punch could have killed him. Now, he naturally understood. Luo Zheng had once made a great wish for him. The reason Luo Zheng didn't kill him wasn't because he was afraid of anyone, but because he wanted Luo Zheng to fulfill his wish!
Luo Zheng held the Boundless Sword and slowly walked towards Mu Han. His eyes were as deep as two ancient wells. When he arrived in front of Mu Han, Luo Zheng gently placed the Boundless Sword against Mu Han's neck.
With the support of the Great Wish Art, Luo Zheng felt his strength almost double. This was the uniqueness of the Great Wish Art. However, its weakness was obvious. If Luo Zheng didn't kill Mu Han with his own hands, his cultivation would forever stagnate and there would be no possibility of him advancing in this lifetime.
Thus, in the Realm of the Gods, many martial artists knew the Great Wish Art. However, they were very cautious when making a wish …
"I still have a great wish. Killing one person in front of me is enough to appease the resentment in my heart and extinguish the anger in my heart," Luo Zheng softly muttered. Then, he suddenly raised the Boundless Sword.
At this moment, Mu Han no longer had the strength to struggle. Zhan Beihai's punch seemed ordinary, but the War God Temple's secret technique was extremely domineering and powerful. The surging battle intent directly extinguished the "force" in Mu Han's body. At the same time, it poured into Mu Han's internal organs through his meridians. After flowing through his internal organs, it rushed into his dantian's internal world!
Saints used the "object of heaven" to cover the Heavenly Dao, while True Gods used the Godhead to cover their internal world. Once the Godhead was born, it couldn't be destroyed. However, after the battle intent poured into Mu Han's internal world, it completely enveloped the Godhead. This was equivalent to sealing Mu Han's "force".
At this moment, Mu Han knew that he was definitely going to die. However, the smile on his face grew wider and wider. "Do you really think that you can save Huan Yu? Do you still think you can save your father? "
.............. Luo Zheng.......................... Luo Zheng.................... com...........
"Then why are you struggling?" Mu Han asked again..
Luo Zheng frowned. He was actually thinking about this question …
Zhan Beihai, Xun, Heavenly Sovereign Shen Yu, and the others saw that Luo Zheng was actually hesitating. Their faces were filled with strange expressions. The Ancestral Dragon whimpered softly. There wasn't a single part of its huge body that was intact. Even its huge dragon eyes had lost their luster. However, when it saw Luo Zheng, its originally dim dragon eyes shone brightly. Although the Ancestral Dragon was no longer affected by the imprint after reaching adulthood, it still had a natural affinity with Luo Zheng.
Ten breaths …
Twenty breaths …
Thirty breaths …
The Heavenly Dao shook violently again. Another Heavenly Sovereign had fallen.
Luo Zheng was still holding the Great Thousand Sword up high. He maintained this stiff posture and stared blankly at Mu Han. There was an indescribable sense of desolation on his face.
Mu Han's question was too broad. What was the reason for this?
From the beginning, Luo Zheng had been constantly struggling and struggling in all kinds of predicaments for his sister. Now, he understood that every predicament and crisis was personally arranged by his father …
Why was he moving forward? He hadn't thought about this question for a long time.
The purpose of Mu Han's question was to disturb Luo Zheng's mind and stall for some time. If Mu Tian had appeared here, he would still have a chance to survive. He naturally wouldn't give up. Seeing that his question had caused Luo Zheng to stand there in a daze, he felt extremely lucky.
In fact, Mu Han had helped Luo Zheng ask a very crucial question. That was the meaning of living …
"Boom, boom …"
Booming sounds came from afar. Those were Heavenly Sovereigns fighting. Huge balls of light exploded. Even without using the Roaring Token, the fluctuations of energy, the sounds of explosions, and the light produced could travel very far.
Dozens of great worlds were torn apart, and countless living beings perished.
Among these fallen creatures, there were hundreds and thousands of mortal kingdoms, emperors who had just ascended to the throne, women who had just given birth, babies who had yet to open their eyes to take a look at this world, and scholars who had just participated in the imperial examinations and were filled with longing for the outside world.
Many warriors were paying attention to this war in the universe. However, even more mortals were immersed in their own lives apart from sighing at the strange phenomena of the immortals and gods.
They didn't know whether the great worlds they lived in could be torn apart or not. Even if they knew, it would be useless. Mortals could spend a hundred lifetimes and still find it difficult to leave a great world. They were like ants on a large ship. Even if they knew that the ship would sink, they didn't have the ability to escape to another ship.
What was the meaning of their lives?
As second-class creatures at the lowest level, these mortals also pursued beautiful things.
More beautiful women, more pleasant songs, higher status, more respect, more gold, silver, and jewels. For many people, this was the meaning.
Then what was the meaning of his life?
Compared to these mortals, he might be much stronger. He could easily control the fate of thousands or even tens of thousands of mortal kingdoms …
However, Luo Zheng was also a second-class creature in the universe. Compared to the sages of the divine realm, what was the difference between him and these mortals?
Then what about the gods and sages of the divine realm …
Compared to the higher-class creatures, would the true gods be like mortals and the sages be as insignificant as the emperors of mortals?
Thinking was unlimited, and so was the world …
"Unlimited …"
Luo Zheng had a hint of understanding.
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng's mouth suddenly curved into a smile. His originally slightly perplexed expression suddenly became firm.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze, Mu Han's heart sank slightly.
"It's for my Dao …" Luo Zheng said with a smile. The Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand moved with the wind.
"Your Dao, what Dao is it?" Mu Han asked again.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled mysteriously at Mu Han. "My Dao is too far, too far. You … don't have the qualifications to know!"
After saying this, he waved the Great Thousand Heavy Sword. A majestic power poured out. Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with killing intent. God Yi suddenly slashed out …
"Pu!"
Blood splattered for five steps. The sword intent produced by the God Yi Sword pierced through Mu Han's body and spread along the surface of this large world.
This large world was called "Autumn Mountain World." There were many mountain peaks in this large world. There was almost no plain. As Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword, the plains within a radius of a thousand li were all cut off, forming a large plain with a radius of a thousand li.
In the future, this sword strike of Luo Zheng's was vividly recorded down by some people. Many martial artists and even mortals knew that in the past, Luo Zheng had killed a True Divinity here. It was said that the blood of that True Divinity had seeped into this plain. Whoever could find the blood-soaked stone would be able to obtain the inheritance of that True Divinity. This attracted countless martial artists to come here and dig, causing the entire plain to be riddled with holes.
And this plain was called "God Execution Plain" by later generations.
"What did you realize?" Xun quietly floated to Luo Zheng's side. She curled up her slender body and leaned against Luo Zheng's shoulder. She tilted her head and stared at Luo Zheng. Just now, Luo Zheng had been in a daze for a long time. His behavior was extremely abnormal. She was afraid that Luo Zheng had gone mad!
"Fortunately." Luo Zheng took a deep breath and looked up at the sky. "There's only one person left …"

Chapter 1709
Just as Luo Zheng looked up at the sky, another massive star exploded in the depths of space.
The moment this star exploded, it released a blazing light that covered the stars in the sky. When everyone looked up, they could only see a vast expanse of whiteness. If one stared at it for too long, they wouldn't be able to see anything.
When the blazing light dissipated, a speck of starlight rapidly fell downwards. It streaked across the sky at an incomparably fast speed, falling towards the "Dreamvoice Realm" of Gods No Thoughts ….
"Star Tail!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up.
And in the Dreamsound Realm, the other two Empyreans were also fiercely fighting. They were the old Patriarch and the Grand Empyrean.
The weaker the Grand Expansion Realm was, the more powerful the old Patriarch's Heaven's Will, the Grand Expansion Lotus Flower, was. At this moment, lotus flowers were constantly blooming in the Dreamsound Realm. On the walls, mountain peaks, plains, city walls, and even in the furnaces of mortals …
The entire Dreamsound Realm was like a sea of lotus flowers …
The Sacred Race Grand Empyrean's Qiongji Tree was also rooted here. As the roots of this Qiongji Tree continued to spread, more Qiongji Tree trees rapidly grew on the ground, forming a lush Qiongji Tree forest.
Although the old Patriarch held the absolute advantage against the Grand Empyrean, it was impossible for him to defeat the Grand Empyrean in a short period of time. After all, as long as the Grand Empyrean's' momentum 'wasn't extinguished, it was impossible for the Grand Empyrean to be defeated!
As the two sides continued to clash, the entire Dreamsound Realm was a mess.
When that comet-like flowing light smashed down from the sky, the two strongest Celestial Venerables of the two great universes finally stopped fighting.
The old Patriarch's complexion sank as he saw this. "Lord Star Tail …"
"Hahaha, it looks like the victor has already been decided. I fear that the contest between you and me is meaningless!" The Grand Empyrean laughed.
In this war between universes, the battle between Empyreans had already lost its meaning. The most important thing was the contest between the True Divinities. Since Star Tail had been defeated, the Sacred Race had already won!
"All Sacred Race Empyreans, return to my side!" The Sacred Race Grand Empyrean roared.
Under his summons, the saint Empyreans that were still fighting stopped. Before long, a demonic red space crack appeared behind the saint Great Empyrean and a total of 13 saint Empyreans walked out.
The saint race Grand Empyrean had been in high spirits, but when he discovered that the saint race only had 13 Empyreans left, his expression sank once more …
In this war with the Great Extremity Cosmos, over 90% of their Empyreans had perished. The saints had also paid a considerable price!
On the old Patriarch's side, the power of Space Laws also flashed. The Empyreans in the Great Expansion Universe also followed. Before long, over 30 Empyreans had gathered here, and Empyrean Original Sin and the others were also present.
In terms of the competition between Celestial Venerables, the Universe of Divination could already be considered a complete victory. If it weren't for the two Celestial Venerables, Mu Han and Mu Jiu, not many Celestial Venerables would have died in the Universe of Divination …
But these Empyreans also noticed what was happening in the starry skies and knew that Startail had likely been defeated. Their complexions became even uglier.
Even if they had obtained an enormous advantage in the competition between Empyreans, if Startail had perished, how could they resist the True Divinities of the Great Extremity Cosmos?
Hu hu …
The comet-like beam of light finally smashed into the Dreamy Realm.
"Boom!"
With a violent explosion, the entire Dreamy Realm broke apart from the middle. A crack that stretched for tens of billions of miles appeared, dividing this great realm in two. The old Patriarch led the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe to one side of the crack while the saint race Grand Empyreans and the saint race Empyreans stood on the other side. As the great realm was divided, the Empyreans on both sides slowly moved away from each other.
"Lord Startail … is he alright?" Empyrean Primeval Beginning nervously asked. Empyrean Primeval Beginning was only a middle Empyrean but he had displayed extraordinary combat strength in this battle.
"I'm not sure! A True Divinity shouldn't die so easily. "Empyrean Spirit Fire frowned.
In the eyes of these Empyreans, once Startail perished, everything would come to an end.
The two plates of the Dreamy Realm continued to move away from each other. The crack in the middle grew larger and larger, and the mountain ranges on both sides of the crack also continued to collapse … when the crack was a hundred miles wide, everyone saw a small ball of light rise up from the crack!
"Startail!"
"It's Lord Startail!"
"He hasn't perished yet!"
An Empyrean revealed an excited expression. But when the Empyreans saw the scene within the ball of light, their expressions became extremely ugly.
Within the ball of light was indeed Star Tail himself, but only his head was left. The rest of his body had completely disappeared!
When one cultivated to the True Divinity Realm, losing an arm or leg wasn't a big deal. They could recover with a single thought. Perhaps the recovered arm or leg wouldn't be as useful as before, but refining it wouldn't be too much of a problem.
But the head and dantian were two parts that couldn't be abandoned. Losing the head was the same as losing the soul and dantian. It was the same as losing the inner world and godhead that one had carefully cultivated!
Even if Startail hadn't died yet, if his dantian was destroyed, he would be no different from dying!
"Hum hum hum …"
From the side of the ball of light, a blazing white line appeared. As the line continued to outline, it rapidly transformed into a human silhouette. Soon, Mu Tian emerged from this human silhouette …
The Empyreans of the sacred race were originally worried about Mu Tian's situation.
After all, the power of that explosion in the starry skies was simply too shocking. The power of that single star's explosion was enough to destroy thousands of great worlds. If Mu Tian couldn't withstand this attack and perished, then the losses wouldn't make up for the gains.
Of course, the sacred race Empyreans had a considerable psychological advantage. Even if Mu Tian and Startail perished together, they still had two True Divinities, Mu Jiu and Mu Han, on their side. They were more than enough to deal with the following situation.
The sacred race Empyreans naturally didn't know that the other two True Divinities had already been killed by Zhan Beihai.
"Old fogey, you actually self-detonated your inner world and turned it into 'astral tribulation waves' to perish together with me. Cough cough …" Mu Tian sneered. Then, he suddenly coughed twice and black blood spurted out from his mouth.
Although Mu Tian won, it was a pyrrhic victory.
From the beginning, Mu Tian and Startail exchanged blows. Mu Tian had the absolute advantage, but Mu Tian had still underestimated his opponent.
Although he could suppress Startail in every aspect, Mu Tian's mentality couldn't compare to Startail's. As Luo Xiao's favorite and youngest disciple, Startail had long been prepared to sacrifice himself. Therefore, every attack he made was a method that would cause both sides to suffer.
Because of this, Mu Tian found it very troublesome …
Later on, Startail directly lured Mu Tian into a star maze that he had already set up. Then, he detonated his inner world and launched a desperate attack, the 'astral tribulation waves'.
At the critical moment, Mu Tian used the Heavenly Dance of the Treasure Wheel to protect his body. He forcibly withstood the 'astral tribulation waves'. Even so, he was still seriously injured …
"Ka!"
Mu Tian casually grabbed the ball of light and it fell into his hand.
"No!"
The old patriarch's figure flashed and he arrived beside the ball of light. He actually wanted to reach out and snatch the ball of light …
"You overestimate yourself! Scram! "
Mu Tian casually punched out. The old patriarch looked as if he had been struck by lightning. A fist imprint appeared on his chest, and he flew backward like a kite with a broken string. With a rumble, he smashed into the edge of the shattered world and shattered a mountain range.
Seeing this scene, the other Heavenly Venerables who originally wanted to wait for an opportunity to make a move gave up. The gap between them and Mu Tian … was too big.
After Mu Tian caught the ball of light, a sinister smile appeared on his face. With a light pinch, the solid surface of the ball of light shattered like an eggshell. He then grabbed Star Tail's ash-white hair and lifted up Star Tail's head!
"Hahaha, I didn't expect you to be so troublesome. You even forced me to use the Heavenly Dance of the Treasure Wheel! Old man, how do you feel now? Do you want to tell your master's disciples? "After saying that, Mu Tian turned Startail's head to the side and faced the Heavenly Venerables in the Great Evolution Universe.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1710
Xing Wei hadn't completely fallen.
The soul of a True God was exceptionally tough. Even if he was left with only his head, he could still find a way to rebuild his body.
However, this was a long process. Rebuilding his body and dantian was equivalent to starting from scratch.
Xing Wei's head suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the old patriarch and the Celestial Venerables on the other side of the river. His eyes, which had been as bright as the stars, were now dim and lifeless.
In order to fight against the Sacred Clan, he had led the Celestial Clan in planning for countless years. In the end, he had welcomed such an outcome.
They had worked hard within the rules, but Mu Haiji had directly changed the rules and easily turned their efforts into nothing.
Anyone would lose confidence in the face of such a blow. Even Xing Wei was no exception.
"Have you nothing to say? Hahahaha! Then go to hell! "
Mu Tian laughed sinisterly as he finished speaking. He suddenly lifted Xing Wei's white hair and threw Xing Wei's head into the air. Then, he formed a fist with one hand and punched Xing Wei's head until it exploded.
Xing Wei's head kept circling in the air. The starry sky, the earth, and the mountains were like rolling pictures that constantly flashed past his eyes.
Although he looked like an old man, he was considered a very young True God compared to the lifespan of the other True Gods. He had been hiding in the Great Yan Universe under the protection of his master.
At the last moment of his life, time became incomparably slow. The entire Great Yan Universe made him reluctant to part with it.
"Master, I've failed …" Xing Wei murmured.
As his head kept circling in the air, he suddenly saw a blazing white light appear not far away. Because his head was spinning very quickly, the image flashed past very quickly. He couldn't see it clearly.
However, his head spun once more. When his vision returned, he saw a second image.
He saw Luo Zheng, Xun, and Celestial Venerate Oracle coming out of the crack in space. Finally, he saw an extraordinary long-haired man …
'Who is that long-haired man?'
This thought flashed through the old patriarch's mind.
When his head started spinning again, he suddenly felt a force grab him and throw him forcefully. His head spun even faster. Under the spinning, he couldn't distinguish the image in front of him.
In an instant, he was caught by someone else. It was only then that he saw Celestial Venerable Shen Yu winking at him.
"Sir Star Tail, it's over …" A voice came from behind him. It was Luo Zheng.
"Over? What's over?" Star Tail also understood that the person who caught him was Luo Zheng. Just as he asked his doubts, he saw the long-haired man standing in front of Mu Tian. His head was thrown over by this man.
"What a strong fighting spirit! They're from the War God Temple! "
Xing Wei's originally dim eyes suddenly shone with exquisite starlight. Although he didn't know the origin of the long-haired man, there was no doubt that this man was invited by Luo Zheng and was on his side!
All of the Empyreans in the Grand Yan Universe were stunned.
After Startail was defeated, these Empyreans were well aware that the situation was hopeless. This universal war had ended with the defeat of the Great Expansion Realm. It was almost impossible for a miracle to reverse the situation to occur again …
Many Empyreans wanted to rush out and snatch Startail's head when he was thrown high up in the air.
But even if they snatched Startail's head back, what use would it be?
Would it be able to change the situation at all?
If the Grand Yan Universe collapsed, everyone in the universe, from an ant in the lower realm to countless Empyreans in the upper realm, would die. There would be no exceptions. The only difference was who would die first and who would die later. Everything would lose its meaning …
Some Empyreans even planned to leave. Since there was no point in resisting, they might as well make use of the last bit of time to do something meaningful with their clansmen. At least they would be able to peacefully spend the last bit of time.
No one expected Luo Zheng to appear at this moment.
When they saw Luo Zheng and Celestial Venerable Shen Yu, a glimmer of hope rose in their hearts. After all, Luo Zheng had created many miracles.
But no matter how many miracles he had created, he was still just a Realm Lord Dao disciple. His influence on the entire war wasn't that great …
However, from the spatial crack, a burly long-haired man walked out!
"A True God!"
"And a very powerful True God!"
"Is this the helper Luo Zheng invited?"
The moment the Empyreans saw the long-haired man, they could distinguish the unique aura of a True God from Zhan Beihai's body. Furthermore, the battle intent emanating from Zhan Beihai's body made them feel his strength.
After Zhan Beihai appeared, he didn't take any further action. He was waiting for Luo Zheng's orders.
He still had a calm smile on his face. His muscles were faintly glowing with azure light. That was the embodiment of his intense battle intent!
Mu Tian's smile had already stiffened on his face …
The group of Sacred Clan Empyreans behind Mu Tian also stiffened. Even their thoughts came to a standstill.
They didn't expect such an unforeseen event to occur at this moment!
"Who are you? This is a dispute between two Sages. If you get involved … "Mu Tian said coldly. His words were exactly the same as Mu Jiu and Mu Han's. He wanted to use Mu Haiji's name to threaten Zhan Beihai.
"If I get involved, Mu Haiji won't let me go, right? I've already heard it three times in a day. Can't you change the way you say it? "Zhan Beihai yawned and smiled faintly.
"Three times …" A sharp light flashed in Mu Tian's eyes. "Mu Jiu, Mu Tian, what happened to them?"
"What do you think?" Zhan Beihai asked back.
Before this, Mu Tian had never worried about Mu Jiu and Mu Han's safety. In addition, he was focused on fighting Star Tail. How would he know that the two of them had already fallen?
Now, Mu Tian released his divine sense to search for the two of them in the universe. However, how could he still see them?
Although Mu Tian's divine sense couldn't cover the entire universe, he couldn't rule out the possibility that the two of them were too far away for him to sense them. However, he knew that his two junior brothers were most likely dead!
"How dare you!" Mu Tian roared, and clouds of black fog escaped from his body. Although he, Mu Han, Mu Jiu, and Mu Tian often had conflicts, they had cultivated together in the Great Extreme Universe and had a deep relationship with each other. Who knew that the two of them would fall in the blink of an eye? One could imagine Mu Tian's current mood.
Looking at the angry Mu Tian, Zhan Beihai rolled his eyes. He turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "This guy is a little noisy. Can I kill him now?"
"…"
The Heavenly Venerables in the Great Extreme Universe were also speechless. This person actually made a request to Luo Zheng. What was the relationship between this long-haired man and Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng had already flown back to the top of the cliff and handed Star Tail's head to the old patriarch. Then, he turned his head and said faintly, "Do it …"
"Heh." Zhan Beihai's laughter was heard. Suddenly, a blazing light burst out from under his feet. With a muffled sound, he pounced on Mu Tian without any hesitation …
"Boom …"
The two True Gods began to fight each other …
In the battle between Mu Tian and Star Tail, more than half of his True Essence had been consumed. Moreover, Star Tail's "Astral Calamity Wave" had caused him to be seriously injured!
Even if Mu Tian was in peak condition, he wouldn't be a match for Zhan Beihai. What more now?
Therefore, from the start of the battle, Mu Tian was retreating step by step. In the face of Zhan Beihai's attacks that could tear apart heaven and earth, he had almost no power to fight back!
As for Luo Zheng, he didn't even bother to look back …
The Heavenly Venerables of the Sacred Race and the Heavenly Venerables of the Great Extreme Universe were worried and hopeful. The Heavenly Venerables of the Great Extreme Universe were worried that Zhan Beihai might be defeated. Who knew what other trump cards Mu Tian had? On the other hand, the Heavenly Venerables of the Sacred Race hoped that Mu Tian could receive Mu Haiji's protection and turn the tables at the crucial moment.
However, Luo Zheng was very clear that even if Mu Tian really defeated Zhan Beihai, so what?
He still had that mysterious blue-clothed lady beside him …
Although Luo Zheng couldn't see through the true strength of these True Gods, the Extreme Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster were definitely stronger than Zhan Beihai. As for the blue-clothed lady, her strength was far above that of the Extreme Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster.

Chapter 1711
"Bang!"
There was a dull roar.
Mu Tian was blasted into the thick plates of the Great Realm by Zhan Beihai's punch. The Great Realm, which was originally broken and slowly collapsing, now had another crack …
"This Wave Devouring Bug can devour most of my fighting spirit. It is indeed a very good ability. It must be a very torturous thing for you to raise these little bugs in your body," Zhan Beihai said faintly. "Unfortunately … it is still far from enough!"
After saying that, Zhan Beihai chased after Mu Tian. Very quickly, a series of low rumbling sounds could be heard again. In an instant, fighting spirit soared and black light continued to shine. To the two Real Gods, this Dreamy Sound Realm could only be considered a narrow arena. Furthermore, this arena, which had already collapsed, was now crumbling at an even faster speed.
Luo Zheng did not watch the battle. Instead, he walked towards the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin and handed him a spatial ring …
The Heavenly Lord of Original Sin's eyes flashed. He stared at Luo Zheng with a trace of gratitude.
He had already taken the ring and clasped it in his hand. He nodded slightly at Luo Zheng. The two of them looked to the other side at the same time. Behind this team, the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection was standing there.
The Heavenly Lord of Resurrection's Mandate of Rebirth was very important and very special. Therefore, he did not take the initiative to participate in the battle. At the critical moment, he could revive the fallen Heavenly Lords.
Since the start of the battle, he had saved the lives of seven Heavenly Lords.
In the spatial ring that Luo Zheng gave to the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin, Maha's spiritual pets, the Holy Moon Wolves, were stored. These Holy Moon Wolves had already been killed by Luo Zheng. Naturally, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpse was mixed in with the fragments of the Holy Moon Wolves' corpse.
At that time, Luo Zheng was also making a desperate effort. He first stored the fragments in the spatial ring. As for whether the Heavenly Lord of Resurrection could save Xuanyuan Chenfeng, it still depended on luck.
Besides Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Luo Zheng also used another spatial ring to store Xi Youqin's corpse. Compared to Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Xi Youqin's corpse was very well preserved. In the past, with the power of the Mandate of Heaven, even an Empyrean could easily revive. Reviving Xi Youqin shouldn't be too much of a problem. However, Luo Zheng was still somewhat worried.
As the two True Divinities engaged in a fierce battle, the saint Empyreans had no plans to intervene. Even if they did, they had no chance of winning. The Great Expansion Universe still had the old Patriarch, Empyrean Original Sin, and Empyrean Oracle. Moreover, the middle and lower Empyreans had the numerical advantage. By the time the True Divinities finished their battle, the end of this war would have already been decided!
Both Empyreans were well aware of this. Thus, both sides welcomed a brief moment of peace …
Therefore, Luo Zheng took advantage of this time, hoping that Resurrection Heavenly Lord would resurrect Xi Youqin and the others.
Luo Zheng took out Xi Youqin's corpse, held it horizontally in his arms, and carefully presented it to Resurrection Heavenly Lord.
Xi Youqin's eyes were tightly closed. She was originally a submissive woman, but now her expression was serene, as if she had fallen asleep.
Thinking of her chattering non-stop, Luo Zheng gently held her hand, feeling a trace of pity in his heart. Then, he made a 'please' gesture to Resurrection Heavenly Lord and gently placed Xi Youqin on the ground.
Resurrection Heavenly Lord nodded, then reached out and gently pressed his forehead. From the top of his head, a ring of light slowly rose up. This was the Mandate of Heaven.
The wheel of light drifted and circled around Xi Youqin's corpse a few times. After some investigation, the Resurrection Heavenly Sovereign quickly replied, "There is no problem in resurrecting her. In the past, the Heavenly Mandate of Life can reactivate her life force, but it will take some time."
Hearing Resurrection Heavenly Lord's answer, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. Since victory was in his hands, there was certainly plenty of time …
Beside him, Original Sin Heavenly Venerate also poured out the corpses from his spatial ring. The Holy Moon Ash Wolves' corpses fell to the ground, mixing with each other. The stench of blood immediately spread out. One could even see some golden blood mixed in. This should be Xuanyuan Chenfeng's golden blood.
Seeing this, the surrounding Empyreans frowned slightly.
Although Resurrection Heavenly Lord's Mandate of Heaven was very powerful, it still had its limits. For someone like Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who had been torn into pieces and swallowed into his stomach, it was unknown whether there was any possibility of revival.
Resurrection Heavenly Lord's face showed hesitation. Naturally, he didn't have much confidence.
Original Sin Heavenly Lord's face was full of anxiety. When had this upper level Empyrean, who led Gods Without Thought, ever been so anxious? Even in the face of an undefeatable True God's disciple, he could at least maintain his composure. But when it came to Xuanyuan Chenfeng's life, he couldn't remain calm.
"I can only do my best," Resurrection Heavenly Lord sized up the corpses, then gently waved his hand. The light wheel fluttered again, hovering above the corpses …
Under the continuous fluttering of the light wheel, the corpses seemed to have a life of their own. They constantly wriggled, looking for their original positions, including the Holy Moon Ash Wolves' corpses.
The Mandate of Heaven should belong to the Law of Life, but this kind of magical ability could only be used on second-level life forms. This was because the mysterious ability of "revival" didn't exist in the Realm of the Gods. Compared to the Realm of the Gods, the universe was too small. Only Saints could bestow this kind of ability to the Inner World. Therefore, Resurrection Heavenly Lord's Mandate of Heaven had no effect on Startail.
The corpses that had been minced by Luo Zheng wriggled and gradually pieced together. The gentle life force emitted by the Mandate of Heaven also endowed the corpses with vitality …
When Luo Zheng had killed these Holy Moon Ash Wolves, in order to avoid missing anything, he had meticulously placed all the fragments into his spatial ring. After a while, the several Holy Moon Ash Wolves were actually pieced back together, but there were visible cracks in them.
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, although he was also pieced together, after all, he had passed through the Holy Moon Ash Wolves' stomachs. Only the shape of a person could be seen …
Original Sin Heavenly Lord's face was gloomy. He tried his best to control his emotions. Anyone who saw such a pile of corpses would feel uncomfortable, let alone the most important great-grandson of Original Sin Heavenly Lord.
The Resurrection Heavenly Lord waved his hand again, and a round plate above his head began to emit a pale green light of life. The Resurrection Heavenly Lord did not simply use the Law of Life, because the Resurrection Heavenly Lord did not simply heal them. After all, they were already dead. The light also seemed to contain the Law of Time.
As the light continued to spread, it finally formed a pale green light tower that enveloped Resurrection Heavenly Lord and the corpses of the two True Gods. Bystanders could no longer see anything.
With the consciousness of the Heavenly Lords, they could naturally investigate what was happening in the light tower. However, the Heavenly Lords present knew that it was not appropriate to disturb them. Most of the Heavenly Lords were concerned about the outcome of the battle between the two True Gods.
Compared to Mu Jiu and Mu Han, Mu Tian's strength was indeed much stronger. He had actually managed to hold on for so long despite being seriously injured.
However, he was ultimately an arrow at the end of its flight. The Heavenly Lords understood this, Zhan Beihai understood this, and Mu Tian himself understood this even more!
When Mu Tian was forced to his limit, the two lines of black tears in his eyes finally stopped flowing. All the black fog that had dissipated outside was also absorbed into his eyes …
"You've given up?" Zhan Beihai asked calmly.
Mu Tian's self-esteem was extremely strong. His talent and willpower were excellent, but he had never been forced into such a sorry state before. Moreover … this was a battle that he had to win!
At this moment, he stared at Zhan Beihai with a hint of madness on his face. "I, Mu Tian, have never known what giving up is in my entire life!"
After saying this, Mu Tian suddenly slapped his own head. A strange dharma image appeared above his head. The dharma image was formed by lines of gold, and it quickly outlined a strange humanoid creature!
The moment this humanoid creature appeared, it actually grabbed Mu Tian and stuffed him into its mouth.
Seeing this, Zhan Beihai, who was in front of Rao Yong, suddenly changed his expression and actually retreated quickly!

Chapter 1712
"It really is the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol …"
"This Evil Dharma Idol doesn't fall into the cycle of reincarnation, nor does it reject life and death. Once used, one will suffer eternal torment!"
"Passing it on to his own disciple, hehe, this Mu Haiji …"
The Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol was an extremely evil Dharma Idol. Furthermore, this Evil Dharma Idol hadn't been around for long.
Using oneself as bait, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol could summon a "Spirit Absorbing". This Spirit Absorbing had an extremely unique ability. Its body was extremely difficult to destroy, and it could exist forever!
The price was that one's soul would be enshrined in the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol for eternity, enduring eternal torment!
Because this "Spirit Absorbing" originally used pain as energy, the stronger the power of the Spirit Absorbing, the more pain the soul would suffer!
After a few Divine Epochs, the Gods gradually understood that this Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol was too cruel for the caster. They also began to restrict the spread of this Evil Dharma Idol in the Divine Realm. Now, there were fewer and fewer True Gods who knew this Evil Dharma Idol.
These Sages didn't expect that Mu Haiji would actually pass down the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol to his own disciple.
Some Sages didn't say it on the surface, but in their hearts, they were still rather ashamed of Mu Haiji's character …
After the Spirit Absorbing formed by the golden threads devoured Mu Tian, its body became more and more solid. The Spirit Absorbing looked like a chubby Maitreya Buddha, but its body was shrouded in black fog, emitting a fiendish aura. It was actually an Evil Buddha!
As the Spirit Catcher was transformed from Mu Tian's body, the face of this gigantic Spirit Catcher was somewhat similar to Mu Tian's. It was just that its bloated body made it look incomparably malevolent. "Gagaga … So painful …"
This Spirit Absorbing suddenly opened its mouth and said, but its words were intermittent and its voice was very vague. After Mu Tian was devoured, his soul was being squeezed by the Spirit Absorbing. Then …
That pair of black eyes stared at Zhan Beihai. Suddenly, it twisted its round body and pounced towards Zhan Beihai!
"Boom!"
As Zhan Beihai hurriedly retreated, he smashed his fist forward. The instant this space collapsed, an intense recoil erupted, greatly increasing the speed of his retreat.
However, the speed of the Spirit Snatcher was even faster. Seeing Zhan Beihai shooting backward, the Spirit Snatcher actually arrived first. Its large hands were like two door planks, slapping heavily at Zhan Beihai!
Seeing that it was too late to dodge, Zhan Beihai's eyes suddenly flashed. The torrential fighting spirit was like a burning star, boiling on the surface of his body. The rich fighting spirit was like a blue flame that wrapped around his entire body.
He had already completely activated the "Force" in his inner world, which was also his fighting spirit!
At this moment, all of the creatures in his inner world could sense the crisis of the entire world. The True God had taken control of the world with his Godhood. Under the constant prayers of the creatures, every single one of them was emitting fighting spirit. The fighting spirit was like countless streams flowing, constantly converging to become a large river.
Countless rivers were also converging, finally forming a huge river …
Countless rivers eventually turned into an ocean and fused into Zhan Beihai's Godhead!
This "Fighting Spirit" was actually the same as the power of faith that Xun possessed. The True God needed to absorb the power of faith of the creatures in order to unleash his strongest power.
However, after reaching the level of a Saint, one could use the item of heaven to cover the Heavenly Dao and get rid of the reliance on the power of faith. In other words, Saints could directly feel the power of the universe and the power of faith of every living creature in the universe. They no longer needed the worship of ordinary creatures.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
In Zhan Beihai's inner world, the azure Godhead was also constantly vibrating. A strange power gushed out from his dantian!
"Taiyi Battle Technique!"
Zhan Beihai raised his hands high. A light blue turtle shell appeared in his right hand, and a short halberd appeared in his left hand.
"Boom!"
"Ka!"
Zhan Beihai blocked the Spirit Snatcher's left hand with the turtle shell and stabbed the Spirit Snatcher's right hand with the short halberd.
"Boom …"
There was a rumble in the sky, and an invisible wave spread out. It was the shock wave produced by the exchange of blows.
This invisible shockwave spread out to a radius of a million miles, and everything was reduced to dust! Within a range of ten million miles, everything turned to stone. Within a range of a hundred million miles, ordinary life forms bled from their seven orifices and died. They were shaken to death!
The saint Empyreans and the Empyreans of the Great Expansion Universe were 600 million miles away. When the invisible shock wave reached them, it had already weakened by several times. Even so, the Empyreans still felt a great pressure.
Empyrean Original Sin and the Old Patriarch joined forces to form an enchantment, protecting Luo Zheng and the others. The saint Empyreans also did the same. Besides the two lands they protected, the entire Dreamvoice World had been turned to dust, completely vanishing …
It wasn't just the Dreamvoice World that vanished. The three great worlds on the other side of Zhan Beihai, the Meridian World, the Frigid World, and the Radiant Qin World had all been turned to dust …
"Is this the strength of a True Divinity?"
Luo Zheng was concerned about the progress of Xi Youqin's resurrection as he watched the scene in front of him.
Zhan Beihai and the Spirit Absorber exchanged blows, and merely the shock wave that spread out had shaken four great worlds into pieces. The terror of this strength made Luo Zheng sigh inwardly.
At present, Luo Zheng's strength was actually far stronger than Zhan Beihai's, but even if Luo Zheng completely drew out the power of the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, he still wouldn't be able to achieve such an exaggerated effect. After all, the transmission of power was different, so in the divine realm, pure power wasn't the only thing that could determine victory.
"Pa!"
"Kacha!"
Zhan Beihai blocked the Spirit Absorber's strike just like that, but the turtle shell on his right hand suddenly exploded with a crack. The moment the crack appeared, it spread radially over the entire turtle shell. This turtle shell shattered, and at the same time, the short halberd in his other hand also broke into two!
However, this short halberd still directly pierced through the Spirit Absorber's large hand, and black smoke continuously escaped from the wound …
"Wu wu … so painful …"
However, under the pain, the Spirit Absorber's body actually increased in size again, and the dark gold color on the surface of its skin became brighter and brighter. That ferocious aura actually increased explosively again!
In comparison, the battle intent emitted from Zhan Beihai's body seemed to be much weaker!
"Hu hu …"
Just as the Spirit Absorber's body increased in size, it directly slapped its other hand towards Zhan Beihai. Its speed was so fast that Zhan Beihai had no time to dodge at all!
"Peng …"
The moment this slap landed on Zhan Beihai's body, another invisible shock wave spread out. This shock wave was much smaller than the previous one. After all, this slap landed on Zhan Beihai's body!
Zhan Beihai, who was slapped, was instantly like a shooting star. Under the huge impact, he made an ear-piercing whistling sound and directly crashed through a great world, falling into the lower world and disappearing before everyone's eyes.
"Wu wu wu …"
Having lost its opponent, the Spirit Absorber's round head turned, and a pair of glowing green eyes looked towards Luo Zheng's direction.
After being swallowed by the Spirit Absorber, Mu Tian's soul had lost its sense of self. However, Mu Tian's soul was filled with hatred, and the person he hated the most was Luo Zheng!
He had finally killed Xing Wei with great difficulty and was about to help his master win this universal war. However, because Luo Zheng had appeared with Zhan Beihai, he had no choice but to use the Spirit Absorber Evil Dharma Idol and sacrifice his soul to the Spirit Absorber to "enjoy" this eternal pain!
With Luo Zheng's current vision, he couldn't see the situation beyond a few great worlds. However, from the battle intent emitted from Zhan Beihai's fall, he knew that Zhan Beihai was probably already defeated. The moment this Spirit Absorber stared at him, a feeling of horror rose from the depths of his heart.
The faces of the old patriarch, Heavenly Venerate of Original Sin, and the others sank once more. After realizing that things weren't going well, they weren't willing to sit still and wait for death. Instead, they summoned the Great Expansion Lotus once more. At the same time, Heavenly Venerate of Original Sin, Heavenly Venerate Oracle, and the others also began to be on guard.
On the other side, the Sacred Race Grand Heavenly Venerates revealed smug smiles once more. They didn't expect Mu Tian to still have such a hidden method. In just a few breaths of time, the entire situation had been reversed!
However, they didn't know that Mu Tian had paid an astonishing price.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1713
This giant spirit beast was extremely fierce and ferocious.
Even though it was as large as a mountain, if it didn't use greater teleportation it could cross several great worlds in just a dozen breaths of time!
"It's coming!"
"Resurrection Empyrean, leave this place first!"
"I'll block it …"
The Empyreans present also understood that this fellow couldn't even resist Zhan Beihai, much less them. But, as Empyreans, they couldn't be like docile lambs, allowing this fellow to slaughter them!
At this time, Luo Zheng stared into the skies. He lightly said, "You … you still don't plan on attacking?"
Not too far away from Luo Zheng, the Old Patriarch was stunned. The other Empyreans also looked at Luo Zheng with strange gazes.
"Luo Zheng, who are you talking to?"
"Do you have reinforcements?"
"That long-haired man of yours is more powerful?"
The Empyreans' breathing quickened.
The sharp-witted Empyrean Oracle also discovered this detail. From the very start, Luo Zheng hadn't been nervous at all. This meant that Luo Zheng absolutely had a backup plan, and he was extremely confident in this backup plan!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. As he looked at the saint Empyreans on the other side of the river, he didn't directly answer the Old Patriarch's question.
The blue-clothed woman was enslaved by Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng still respected her as much as possible. Since she didn't want to show herself, she likely had some misgivings, so he could only ask this question.
Hu hu …
The shrill sound of the wind became increasingly loud. In the blink of an eye, the spirit beast had already crossed several great worlds. It was only several million miles away from Luo Zheng. With the speed of the spirit beast's sprint, it would only take the blink of an eye to cross this distance …
As the saint Empyreans saw this, the smiles on their faces became increasingly hot. If this spirit devourer could capture all the Empyreans of the Great Evolution Universe in one fell swoop, then it would save them a lot of trouble. After all, the saint Empyreans had suffered severe losses. If they rashly attacked, even more Empyreans would die.
At this time, a blazing white light flashed in front of Luo Zheng. From a space crack, a tall and sturdy figure drilled out.
"Zhan Beihai? Your injuries are too severe … You don't have to do anything! " Luo Zheng was slightly surprised and frowned. He thought that the woman in blue was going to attack.
At this moment, Zhan Beihai's entire body was bathed in blood. After being slapped by the Spirit Absorber, the muscles all over his body instantly cracked, and blood shot out like sharp arrows. He was like a completely broken piece of porcelain that was stuck together piece by piece.
"Huff, huff …"
Zhan Beihai panted heavily. With his back facing Luo Zheng, he smiled and said, "I promised you that I would help you kill those three people. How can I break my promise?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "But you are no match for that guy. Moreover … you did help me kill Mu Tian, Mu Han, and Mu Jiu, three True Gods!"
"Hahaha! Our War God Temple's people are true to their word. How could we go back on our words? "
A heroic aura was emitted from his body. The wounds on his body were instantly healed under the pressure. A battle intent even fiercer than before spread out. This blue battle intent turned into ribbons of light and floated in the space around him like water ripples!
"Tai Yi Battle Technique!"
"Liuwu Fist!"
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop!"
Accompanied by six crisp sounds, six circular lines spread out in front of Zhan Beihai. The moment each line appeared, Zhan Beihai reached out and grabbed one of the lines. The light in the circular lines quickly condensed on his fist.
At this time, all the aura on Zhan Beihai's body disappeared, and the fighting spirit also disappeared without a trace. Only his right fist emitted a faint blue light, and there was only determination in his eyes that were full of fighting spirit.
In the depths of the Divine Realm, in the dense fog …
"Old Zhan, this young man is not bad. His character is first-rate!"
"Even in the War God Temple, there aren't many people who can cultivate the Liuwu Fist, right?"
"It's a pity. Facing a Spirit Absorber head on, I'm afraid it's hard to escape death!"
"Beihai! How can you be so foolish?! "A roar reverberated in the fog. It was the Saint of the War God Temple!
Although he admired Zhan Beihai's character, this action was no different from suicide. Zhan Beihai's body also involved the inheritance of the War God Temple. The War God Temple had been searching for the missing Zhan Beihai for several Divine Eras. Now, they could only watch as Zhan Beihai perished!
Saints were not allowed to intervene in the Universal War. Even Luo Xiao and Mu Haiji were not allowed to. The consequences of violating the rules on that stone slab were very serious. Even Saints could not bear it!
"You … still don't want to come out?"
Luo Zheng frowned. Naturally, he did not want Zhan Beihai to perish because of him!
"Sigh …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a faint sigh in his ear. That voice contained a mysterious aura, as if someone had gently breathed in his ear. An almost inaudible voice entered Luo Zheng's mind. "I really don't want to show myself. I can only borrow your body. My master, don't blame me! Hehe … "
The soft laughter fell …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that he had lost control of his body!
He immediately reacted. That blue-clothed woman had actually seized his body!
Luo Zheng suddenly felt like he had been deceived …
He was the one who had enslaved that woman with an enslavement order, but this woman could casually seize his body. This was too much!
However, no matter how he shouted or howled, no one could hear him.
The moment that woman in blue took control of his body, she had isolated his soul from his mind. Now, Luo Zheng could not even release his divine sense.
"Luo Zheng? What are you doing? "
Xun looked at Luo Zheng suddenly rushing forward, and a strange expression appeared on her face …
However, Luo Zheng's movements were too fast. Xun wanted to stop him, but she only saw a flash of light in front of her eyes. The next moment, Luo Zheng appeared in front of Zhan Beihai!
This time, all the Celestial Venerables present were stunned. Celestial Venerable Oracle and the others looked at Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox …
Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the realm lord level, and his greater teleportation could only cover a distance of tens of thousands of miles. Zhan Beihai was millions of miles away from them, and Luo Zheng's greater teleportation was impossible. The only possibility was that Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox had thrown him over with the Void Love Lock.
Why did he throw Luo Zheng over? Wasn't he courting death?
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox looked at the Celestial Venerables strangely. After all, he had not done anything just now. He also could not figure out how Luo Zheng had done it. "This, this … If it wasn't me, I would have unlocked Luo Zheng's Void Love Lock long ago!"
"Then how did he do it?" another Celestial Venerable asked.
"You ask me, but who should I ask?" Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox glared. "There are many strange things about that boy. You should ask him personally!"
"What should we do? Do you want to help Luo Zheng? "Celestial Venerable Oracle did not dwell on this issue. She was more concerned about Luo Zheng's safety.
The old patriarch frowned, and the Great Lotus Flower of Derivation spun above his head. "Observe first. Luo Zheng has never done anything he is not confident of. He might have other plans."
Zhan Beihai was already surging with battle intent, and the Liuwu Fist was ready to be unleashed. Now that Luo Zheng had suddenly blocked his path, Zhan Beihai was a little confused. "What are you doing here?"
Luo Zheng turned and smiled at Zhan Beihai. There was a hint of mystery in that smile. Then, Luo Zheng said, "You should step back."
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression and tone, Zhan Beihai was stunned. The voice was Luo Zheng's voice, and this person was undoubtedly Luo Zheng. Why did he suddenly resemble that woman?
Thinking of that woman's methods, Zhan Beihai instantly understood. Just as he was about to speak, Luo Zheng waved his hand and placed it on Zhan Beihai's shoulder. His eyes narrowed slightly, and the sense of mystery he exuded became even stronger. Then, Luo Zheng's fingers made an orchid gesture, and he gently brushed and pushed Zhan Beihai's shoulder.
Zhan Beihai suddenly felt the world spin, and his entire body involuntarily shot backward. He accurately smashed into the Great Realm where the Celestial Venerables of the Great Universe of Derivation were.

Chapter 1714
As the Spirit Assimilator flew up into the sky, Luo Zheng also raised his head to look. The corners of his eyes twitched slightly, and his figure disappeared from where he stood.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng appeared directly above the Spirit Assimilator. His body twisted at a strange angle, but his elbow heavily hit the Spirit Assimilator's head …
"Pop!"
This elbow attack exploded with a muffled sound.
It didn't seem to be very powerful, but the Spirit Assimilator's momentum of ascending came to a halt, and it rapidly fell down again!
"Wu wu … Pain …"
The Spirit Assimilator didn't seem to have suffered any serious injuries, and there wasn't the slightest bit of damage on its head, but the faint green light in its eyes grew brighter. Its entire body swelled up once again, and that incomparably solid ferocious aura spread out in all directions, causing the hearts of all living creatures within a radius of ten million miles to sink!
However, there wasn't the slightest trace of fear on Luo Zheng's face. His figure flashed, and he appeared below the Spirit Assimilator again. The Spirit Assimilator's body was now larger than a mountain. In comparison, Luo Zheng's body was as small as a small sparrow.
Such a small sparrow launched an attack on the mountain, forcibly pushing the Spirit Assimilator up again, and at the same time, accompanied by the Spirit Assimilator's painful roars …
Every time Luo Zheng attacked, he could always cause the Spirit Assimilator more pain, and every time the Spirit Assimilator was in severe pain, it would double in size. After going back and forth like this, the Spirit Assimilator's size became incomparably huge, but it was still like a huge rubber ball that Luo Zheng kicked up after hitting it down.
The Celestial Venerables from both sides looked at Luo Zheng, their faces full of incomprehension.
"How did he do it?"
"Did Luo Zheng condense a godhood and step into the true god realm?"
"That long-haired man is also a true god, and an extremely powerful one at that. Even he isn't a match for the Spirit Assimilator. Even if Luo Zheng condenses a godhood, can he fight against that monster?"
The Celestial Venerables were whispering to each other. Luo Zheng's performance was definitely good news for the Great Evolution Realm. It was just that this scene was too shocking. Even Celestial Venerable Shen Yu and the others found it hard to accept.
"No, he hasn't condensed a Godhead." The old patriarch shook his head and said, "He's not even a complete Daoist. His lotus flower hasn't fully bloomed yet."
As the controller of the Great Lotus Flower of Expansion, the old patriarch was very clear about the degree to which the lotus flower of every martial artist in the universe had bloomed. For example, the lotus flowers of the ten Dao Children were the ones he paid close attention to. After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the lotus flowers of the Dao Children had all bloomed one after another. Only Luo Zheng was missing a lotus flower. However, this didn't limit Luo Zheng's strength!
"Then how do we explain this …" The Empyreans were puzzled.
Zhan Beihai's entire body was embedded in a piece of iron rock. He had been in this position since Luo Zheng had pushed him over. The blue-clothed woman had injected a force into him under this push. It was this force that restricted Zhan Beihai's movements. The blue-clothed woman didn't want Zhan Beihai to participate in the battle again.
When he heard the conversation of the Empyreans behind him, he only smiled faintly. Although he could speak, he was too lazy to explain to those Empyreans.
Right now, the Empyreans of the Sacred Race were probably the ones suffering the most. From the moment Mu Tian defeated Xingwei and was suppressed by Zhan Beihai, to the moment Mu Tian summoned the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol, their mood was like a mountain going up and down. Every time they saw the light of victory, someone would suddenly appear and quickly extinguish this light …
"Pop …"
"Pop …"
"Pop …"
Every time Luo Zheng attacked, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol would feel more pain. As the pain became more intense, the speed at which the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol expanded also became faster and faster …
Not long after, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol grew to a height of tens of thousands of miles, comparable to the thickness of a great world. This massive existence existed between the heavens and earth, and many living beings could observe it from a great distance.
The Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol seemed to have grown to its limit. It was like a rubber ball that had been blown up, and the dark golden skin on its body had already become translucent.
Compared to such a massive Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol, Luo Zheng was so small that he could be ignored …
Luo Zheng appeared on the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol's round belly. The surface of this belly was large enough to hold tens of thousands of cities, stretching as far as the eye could see. He narrowed his eyes and a mysterious smile appeared on his face.
"Let's end this. The Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol shouldn't have existed between the heavens and earth. For you … this is also a form of release."
After saying this, Luo Zheng knelt on one knee on the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol's belly. He stretched out his hand and made an orchid gesture, gently drawing a line across the belly. A blue line rapidly extended from several inches to several feet, and then from several feet to several miles.
Soon, a massive pattern appeared on the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol's belly …
"It's the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol!"
"Impossible. Second-level creatures can't cultivate the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol. How did that kid in the Dayan Universe do it?"
"There's something strange about that kid. He seems to have a puppet body!"
How vicious were the gazes of the Saints of the Sage Halls?
Although they were separated by an unknown distance, they could still see that something was wrong with Luo Zheng's body!
"Wu wu wu …"
After the pattern appeared, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol appeared to be in even more pain. Its huge arms were constantly waving, and one of its arms was even fiercely slapping toward its belly!
Luo Zheng just smiled faintly and disappeared from where he stood.
The next moment, he appeared beside Zhan Beihai. With the cultivation of the blue-clothed woman, she could come and go freely in this universe. No one could stop her at all.
"It's over." Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently patted Zhan Beihai's shoulder. Then, he leaped and walked toward the group of Celestial Venerables. However, he had only taken a few steps when he suddenly collapsed on the ground …
"Luo Zheng! Are you okay? " Xun's face was full of nervousness as she quickly went forward to help Luo Zheng up. The scene just now had frightened her quite a bit …
When Luo Zheng got up again, he had a gloomy look on his face.
The cultivation of the blue-clothed woman had indeed reached an astonishing level. She had used her own physical body to resist the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol without using too much power. However, with these simple methods, she could easily subdue that monster. Her understanding of power had reached a level that Luo Zheng could not comprehend!
"It's okay. It's over." Looking at the nervous Xun, Luo Zheng touched her face and comforted her.
As soon as he finished speaking, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol let out another whimper. Its originally unimaginably huge physical body actually began to expand again. Its physical body had already expanded to its limit. Under this sudden expansion, its physical body could no longer withstand it …
"Bang!"
With a heaven-shaking explosion, the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol's body finally blew apart.
The impact of this explosion was comparable to the explosion of hundreds of stars. A terrifying shockwave spread out in all directions. The strength of this shockwave was even greater than before. With the Spirit Absorbing Evil Dharma Idol's explosion as the center, nearly a hundred great worlds were destroyed. Tens of thousands of lives were instantly turned to dust.
Within the range of over a hundred great realms, the only living beings were likely the Celestial Venerables of the Great Evolution Realm and the Sacred Race. If one looked down from the stars in the deep sky, they would see the densely packed great realms neatly arranged together like a disc. However, there was a huge hole in the realm of Gods No Thought, and this hole was created by the explosion of the Spirit Devourer.
"It's really over …" Empyrean Oracle muttered.
Although there were still over a dozen saint Empyreans and even a saint Grand Empyrean, the disparity in strength between the two sides was too great. The Great Evolution Universe no longer had the strength to resist her.
The Old Patriarch, Empyrean Original Sin, Empyrean Demondawn, Empyrean Spirit Flame, and the others all revealed looks of relief.
They never thought that the Great Evolution Universe War would be won in such a manner. It could be said that all of this was because of Luo Zheng alone. As for the efforts of the other Empyreans, they were simply insignificant …
As for the saint Grand Empyrean, his eyes were filled with confusion.
He was the Empyrean with the highest status in the saint race and also the one who possessed the treasures of the heavens. In the Great Evolution Universe, he even had the ability to communicate with the creator of the universe, Mu Haiji. Mu Haiji had created everything in the Great Evolution Universe, including him.

Chapter 1715
If the saint Grand Empyrean's mood was like this, then the other saint Empyreans could be imagined.
The dozen plus saint Empyreans stood where they were like blocks of wood, their minds already in chaos.
The Great Development Lotus Flower spun as the old Patriarch stood atop it and floated towards the saint Grand Empyreans. His eyes flashed with a sharp light as he stared at the Grand Empyreans and lightly said, "Do you want to commit suicide here or do you want to make a futile struggle?"
The Grand Empyreans looked up at the old Patriarch with a complex expression. As for the Qiong Ji Tree behind him, it had already dimmed. As a saint Grand Empyrean, the most correct course of action was for everyone to flee back to the Great Development Universe, but could they escape?
But at this moment …
A strange sound echoed through the air.
Pop, pop, pop …
This sound was like a woodpecker knocking on a hollow tree.
This sound came from all directions, omnipresent. Everyone present could clearly hear it, but they couldn't find the source of the sound!
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …
The sound continued …
Soon, Luo Zheng and Xun both looked up at the same time.
The other Empyreans also looked up …
This voice actually came from the deep space of the Great Evolution Universe.
The height of the Great Development Universe was limited.
High up in the sky, the stars slowly revolved, and above the stars was the void. But at the very top of the void was the dome of the Great Development Universe. And this dome was also sealed off from the outside world by the Wall of Sighs.
From the lowest point of the universe, which was the deepest part of the boundless universe, to the highest point of the universe, which was the dome, was 180 trillion miles.
This sound was transmitted from such a high distance …
It wasn't just the Empyreans that heard this sound, but nearly every living being in the Great Development Universe!
In the 100,000 great worlds, countless mortals looked up at the deep space, a trace of fear on their faces.
Although this sound wasn't anything strange, it shook the entire universe!
It was like the crew of a large ship suddenly hearing a strange sound coming from the hull. They would naturally be deeply worried.
Pop, pop, pop …
"What the hell is that sound?"
"Is someone using the Roaring Command to play a prank?"
"We don't hear much of the Roaring Command, it's completely different from this sound!"
The Roaring Command relied on the laws of karma to force its way into the ears of every living being. Even if they covered their ears, they couldn't resist this sound.
But at this moment, this sound was transmitted from the dome of the universe …
Empyrean Oracle and Luo Zheng looked at each other in dismay, not knowing what was happening.
And at this time …
The depths of the Divine Realm had exploded.. com
"Mu Haiji! Are you seeking death!? "
"Help, Brother! You can't defy the power of the slate! "
"Has Mu is crazy?"
"Hahaha, he brought this upon himself. Everyone, just ignore him!"
The voices echoed echoed echoed of the voice Empyreans of the universe.
Some of the Empans, of the Was that of the Empyrean. of the world of the Of of of the?
Of them all of them of of of them of the of Development of Development of all of them be's,
Soon after …
Of. there!!!!!!!!!!
The Wall of Sighs, which was over a thousand miles thick and extremely sturdy, actually cracked open!
Ka Ka Ka Ka …
The sound of the Wall of Sighs exploding spread throughout the universe. It was like the sound of a gigantic ship breaking. It made people's hearts palpitate.
As the sound continued, the crack in the dome continued to extend for millions of miles.
The crack reflected the bright light of the Wall of Sighs. In the eyes of the countless mortals in the great world, a strange star seemed to have appeared in the sky. This star was far larger than an ordinary star. It was like a huge spider lying in the sky ….
Along with a loud "Boom" sound.
The entire Great Evolution Universe shook. A voice came from the crack in the dome of the Great Evolution Universe. The voice was solemn and dignified, as if it could command all living beings and determine life and death!
"No matter who it is, die for me!"
"Huala …"
Then, a gentle light flashed out from the crack in the dome.
It was a cross-shaped sword light!
This cross-shaped sword light seemed to have the power to destroy the world. From top to bottom, it slashed down at Luo Zheng!
Along the way, the sword light collided with many stars …
However, as long as the sword light came into contact with the stars, they would all be destroyed in an instant. There were no exceptions!
"This is …"
Seeing that sword light, the old patriarch sucked in a deep breath of cold air.
"This is troublesome. A Saint has made a move," Zhan Beihai said with a frown. He had a new guess about Luo Zheng's identity.
Once the Universal War began, it was almost impossible for the Saints of the two Universes to interfere. The stone slab that recorded the rules was not for show. Once the rules were violated, even the Saints would be punished, and they would also have to pay a terrifying price.
Zhan Beihai had heard a little about the enmity between the two Saints, Mu Haiji and Luo Zheng. Even if these two Saints were life and death enemies, Mu Haiji did not have to be so anxious. He was willing to accept the punishment of the slate and kill Luo Zheng?
This was probably a business deal that made him suffer a great loss …
Mu Haiji was willing to accept the punishment of the slate to kill Luo Zheng. There was probably something else going on.
"Is it really a Saint?"
"Let's run!"
"Can we escape from a Saint's methods?"
The Heavenly Venerables present were also scared silly by this scene.
At the beginning of the Great Universe War, the Heavenly Venerables thought that they were the protagonists of the Great Universe War. But not long after, they realized that it was the disciples of the Saints who would decide the outcome of the war. In other words, the True Gods.
Finally, they realized that it was Luo Zheng who would decide the outcome of the war …
They did not expect that even a Saint would participate!
"Supreme Saint!"
Plop!
The Grand Heavenly Venerables suddenly knelt on the ground.
The originally dim Qiongji Cyathea tree seemed to sense Mu Haiji's aura and began to flicker with light.
Plop, plop, plop …
The Heavenly Venerables of the Sacred Race all knelt down. This was the God of Creation of the Great Universe and the spiritual home of all the Sacred Race. At this moment, they realized that Mu Haiji had not abandoned them.
He had personally made a move!
With a Saint personally making a move, did the Great Universe War still have a chance of winning?
Rumble, rumble …
As the cross-shaped sword light continued to descend, it touched more and more stars along the way, and naturally, more and more stars were shattered by the sword light. Rumbling sounds constantly reverberated throughout the universe.
Luo Zheng looked up at the sky without moving. The cross-shaped sword light was reflected in his pitch-black eyes. He knew that he could not dodge this sword light. How could a Saint's sword be so easy to dodge? He then said, "Xun, leave this place …"
When Xun heard Luo Zheng's words, she suddenly grabbed Luo Zheng's hand and shook her head. "I won't leave!"
"There is no meaning in dying here with me." Luo Zheng said resolutely.
His father had calculated many things and left plenty of escape routes for Luo Zheng, but he never thought that Mu Haiji would personally make a move.
But then again, even if Luo Xiao had calculated that Mu Haiji would make a move, there was nothing he could do. After all, Luo Xiao's current state was no different from that of a dead man. It was impossible for him to fight against another Saint!
"Alas, I didn't want to reveal my true body here, but it seems that there is no other way …"
A faint voice suddenly sounded in the ears of the Celestial Venerables. That voice contained a mysterious quality. Just hearing it once would leave an indelible impression!
Then, a graceful figure appeared not far away from Luo Zheng. It was the blue-clothed woman. As soon as she appeared, she looked at Luo Zheng with a bitter expression. "Why did you ask me for help before, but not now? Are you afraid that I won't be able to withstand a Saint's sword? "
Luo Zheng stared at the blue-clothed woman, smiled, and answered honestly, "Yes!"
"You underestimate me." The blue-clothed woman shook her head and looked at the sky. "Although I am no match for a Saint, it shouldn't be difficult for me to block his sword …"
Seeing the sudden appearance of the blue-clothed woman, the Celestial Venerables were shocked again. Block a Saint's sword? Isn't this woman's tone too arrogant?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1716
The moment the blue-clothed woman appeared, the dense fog in the depths of the Divine Realm exploded once again …
These Saints were the strongest existences in the Divine Realm. It was rare for them to be surprised even once in hundreds or thousands of years. At this moment, all the Saints left in the Sacred Hall were dumbfounded. Their voices were filled with endless astonishment, as if this woman's appearance in the Grand Yan Universe was something inconceivable.
"This woman … isn't she Shi Xiaoqiao!"
"This is really terrible! Shi Xiaoqiao is still alive! "
"How could she appear in the Grand Yan Universe? Didn't she disappear after she commanded the Soul Wilderness? That infatuated Canon Sage even stepped into the depths of the Soul Wilderness to search for her. Not only did he find nothing, but after he came out of the Soul Wilderness, his vitality was greatly damaged … "
This blue-clothed woman's true name was Shi Xiaoqiao. This woman had extremely legendary stories circulating in the Divine Realm.
She was also the only True God to step into the depths of the Soul Wilderness and control the entire Soul Wilderness. Commanding the Soul Wilderness was something unimaginable even for Saints before her, but she did it!
Therefore, it was not an exaggeration to call Shi Xiaoqiao the Divine Realm's number one miraculous woman.
This woman had once attracted the pursuit of a Saint. That Saint was called "Monarch Clipper Canon", which was the "Canon Sage" in their mouths.
However, Shi Xiaoqiao had hidden in the Soul Wilderness. Even Saints found it difficult to easily enter that place. The Canon Sage had searched for her several times, but to no avail. He even encountered no small amount of trouble in the Soul Wilderness, causing his vitality to be greatly damaged. He returned to the Sacred Hall to recuperate for two divine epochs before he recovered. There were some forbidden areas in the Divine Realm that even Saints could not enter!
In addition to the Monarch Clipper Canon, several other Saints were also searching for this woman. She was involved in a very important secret of the Soul Wilderness.
However, several divine epochs ago, Shi Xiaoqiao suddenly disappeared from the Divine Realm. Even Saints were unable to find her.
There were rumors that Shi Xiaoqiao had already escaped from the Divine Realm and stepped into the endless chaos outside the realm. There were also rumors that Shi Xiaoqiao's corpse had already disintegrated and fallen.
These rumors circulated for several years and finally sank down after a long time.
However, when True Gods roamed the Soul Wilderness, they would occasionally mention the woman who controlled the Soul Wilderness. After all, before her, even Saints were unable to control the Soul Wilderness.
Shi Xiaoqiao was gradually forgotten by history …
However, the memories of the Saints were surprisingly good. They would not forget any details of the past!
Therefore, when Shi Xiaoqiao appeared, all the Saints in the Sacred Halls were quite puzzled. Where did this woman come from? Could it be that she had always been hiding in the Great Yan Universe?
Outside the dome of the Great Evolution Space, a tall middle-aged man stood there.
This middle-aged man wore a golden battle robe and held the Truth Sword in his hand. His eyes exuded a gentle light that was very similar to the light from the tree, only purer and denser. This was Supreme Saint, Mu Haiji!
When he used the Truth Sword to slash out, his anger had already calmed down …
He had gone through so many twists and turns to break through the Wall of Sighs, sent out so many saint Empyreans, consumed so much 'potential', and even consumed countless resources to change the rules of the stone slab and send in three disciples!
In the end, it was better for him to do it himself …
This sword strike was enough to extinguish Luo Xiao's hopes.
However, he would have to pay a huge price!
Even a Saint would not dare to violate the rules of the stone slab. Next, he would suffer the punishment of violating the rules, the punishment from the stone slab!
But it was still worth it!
Luo Xiao was like a centipede. Even if he died, he wouldn't fall down. Mu Haiji was still afraid that Luo Xiao would strike back. If he cut off the most important link, then all of Luo Xiao's plans would lose their center of gravity. Only then could he rest easy!
Crackle …
Deep within the Sacred Halls, at the edge of the Sea of Time, above a shallow beach, there was a 10,000 foot high stone slab.
The stone slab was engraved with tiny characters. Some of them were ordinary characters, and some of them were golden Sanskrit characters …
This stone slab recorded all of the rules of the Divine Realm, large and small!
These rules were different from those on the Dao tablets. The rules on the stone slab were like the laws of the entire Divine Realm. They could not be disobeyed, they could not be violated. Not even a Saint could do so!
However, to a certain extent, a Saint could draw up and change these rules. Even so, they still had to pay a considerable price.
For instance, Mu Haiji had changed the rules of the Great Universe War. From sending one True Divinity to three True Divinities!
When Mu Haiji shattered the Great Universe's Wall of Sighs and slashed out with his sword, a deep blue bolt of lightning appeared on the stone slab …
This bolt of lightning seemed ordinary. Any martial artist that had comprehended the first level of the Thunder Laws could use it. But, this bolt of lightning that escaped from the stone slab was something that even a Saint would fear!
Crackle crackle crackle …
The deep blue bolt of lightning instantly surged out, forming a chain of lightning that shot out from the Sea of Time at an extremely fast speed. It passed through the Sacred Halls as well as the floating islands of the various Saint families, straight towards Mu Haiji!
"Swish …"
In an instant, Mu Haiji was bound by this chain of lightning.
Mu Haiji didn't resist. He also knew that it was impossible for him to disobey the punishment of this stone slab. When he shattered the Great Universe's dome, he was already prepared to accept his punishment. But as he was bound, that blue-clothed woman suddenly appeared in the Great Universe, appearing within his field of vision …
"Shi … Shi Xiaoqiao?"
Mu Haiji's eyes widened. There was actually a trace of panic in the depths of his eyes. His mind was currently blank. He hadn't expected this at all.
Then, he saw Shi Xiaoqiao spread out her arms. Flowers bloomed and danced around her, forming a huge array that spanned thousands of miles …
Was she trying to dissolve his sword?
"No, no! Mu Xiaoqiao! We can exchange, we can talk. You can't stop me … "
Mu Haiji's roar spread out from the top of the Great Universe.
He wanted to struggle free from the lightning chains, wanted to charge into the Great Expansion Universe, but the lightning that shot out from the slate possessed absolute power in the Divine Domain. Even if he was a Saint, there was no way he could break free from it at all …
"No!"
"No …"
Amidst his continuous roars, he was finally dragged away by the chain of lightning …
But his voice still echoed in the Great Universe. This Saint's final roar caused the hearts of all the secondary lifeforms in the Great Universe to palpitate incessantly …
At this moment …
There was a mysterious smile on Shi Xiaoqiao's face. She looked at the dome of the Great Universe and said indifferently, "Apologies, Supreme Saint. I actually didn't mean to make things difficult for you. I was also enslaved by this Luo Zheng and was under his control …"
Of course, Mu Haiji couldn't hear her words. If he could, he would probably explode from anger.
Then, a sea of flowers appeared around her.
A pair of hands formed an orchid shape, and the flower petals began to flutter in the air like snow. They formed a petal-like tornado that met Mu Haiji's slash head on!
The might of Mu Haiji's sword was extremely terrifying. Anything that came into contact with this sword light would be instantly destroyed.
The same went for the beautiful petals. The moment the soft petals came into contact with the sword strike, they disappeared into nothingness …
But the moment the petals disappeared, they were able to leave behind a coin-sized dark spot on the sword strike!
Every petal was able to leave behind a dark spot. With so many petals rushing towards the sword strike like a rain of petals. The sword strike destroyed the petals, but the petals also destroyed the sword strike at the same time!
When the two sides collided, countless petals dissipated. The huge sword strike was like a block of ice in summer, rapidly shrinking!
"Huff huff huff …"
The sword strike's momentum was extremely shocking. When it was a million kilometers away from Luo Zheng, only half of it was left.
When it was three hundred thousand kilometers away from Luo Zheng, the majority of it was destroyed by the petals. Only a third of it was left …
When it was a hundred thousand kilometers away, the sword strike was only a tenth of what it was before …
When the sword strike landed in front of Luo Zheng, the petals had already wrapped around Luo Zheng. At this moment, only a billionth of the sword strike was left. It was only the size of a finger, and its power was negligible!

Chapter 1717
Although the power of this several-inch-long sword ray was minuscule, it was still exceptionally sharp when used by the Truth Sword and a Saint.
It actually cut open the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, leaving a three inch long wound on his forehead!
"Chi!"
Golden blood gushed out from Luo Zheng's forehead …
The three-inch-long sword ray was about to cut open Luo Zheng's forehead and cut into Luo Zheng's brain.
Shi Qiaoqiao reached out and gently waved her hand. A jade light flashed in her hand and intercepted the sword ray. Then, she waved her hand around the sword ray. Specks of jade light flowed out from her nimble fingers and finally formed a jade-colored ball of light that trapped the three-inch-long sword ray inside!
However, Xun's expression didn't look too good. "You clearly could have eliminated this sword ray. Why did you leave it behind and injure Luo Zheng?"
Although Luo Zheng was injured, this wound didn't affect him at all. Xun only felt a bit of heartache.
Shi Qiaoqiao glanced indifferently at Xun, then turned to Luo Zheng and said, "You're also a sword cultivator. The Truth Sword Divine Dao that Mu Haiji cultivates contains a supreme sword intent. It's extremely powerful. This sword strike on your forehead will allow you to comprehend the true meaning of his Sword Dao. How much you can comprehend will depend on your own ability."
A Saint's attack was bound to shock the world. How many people could survive a Saint's sword strike?
Moreover, Mu Haiji had used all his strength in this strike!
However, Shi Qiaoqiao had used ingenious methods to neutralize it, leaving only the three-inch-long sword ray for Luo Zheng to comprehend.
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat when he heard the blue-clothed woman's words. His comprehension of the Sword Dao had indeed come to a standstill. He couldn't even make any progress in the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. This was Luo Zheng's bottleneck!
Shi Qiaoqiao's jade-like finger gently flicked the jade-colored ball of light, causing it to float in front of Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng's forehead was cut open, what transmitted to him wasn't a cold sword intent, but an extremely gentle one.
Usually, the sword intent Luo Zheng comprehended was extremely sharp. However, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao that Luo Zheng cultivated pursued the extreme of sharpness. Therefore, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao required one to cast aside all emotions. There couldn't be any distractions in one's heart. Only in this way could one display the strongest sword strike.
Mu Haiji's Sword Dao took the opposite path....................... s pursuit....................
.....
............
Luo Zheng's forehead throbbed as the wound rapidly healed. Luo Zheng felt that he had grasped some key points. However, these key points seemed to be hidden in a fog, making it difficult for him to see the whole picture.
Shi Qiaoqiao smiled faintly. "It's already good that you were able to comprehend something after being cut by a sword. If you really want to rely on this three inch sword light to comprehend Mu Haiji's Sword Dao, that's just wishful thinking. That three inch sword light can still be preserved in my Time Cage for some time. You can make the best use of that time to comprehend it."
Luo Zheng nodded.
When a martial artist broke through their bottleneck, they either had to cultivate for months and years to comprehend something, or they had to go through hundreds of battles to gain an epiphany.
Luo Zheng had only suffered a small sword strike, and yet he had already comprehended it. That was just wishful thinking.
However, he had indeed gained a little from his comprehension. This three inch sword light was extremely useful to his Sword Dao. Naturally, he carefully put away the jade-colored ball of light …
The blue-clothed woman had suddenly appeared and dissolved Mu Haiji's sword.
Whether it was the Empyreans in the universe or the Sacred Race Empyreans, they were all left speechless.
That woman was there, casually conversing with Luo Zheng. But from the outside, besides her beauty and her mysterious charm, there didn't seem to be anything special about her. But when every Empyrean looked at her, their faces were filled with awe.
This woman was too terrifying …
Even the old patriarch and the others didn't say a word. They would let Luo Zheng talk to her about how to deal with this situation!
The Sacred Race's Great Heavenly Venerates were still kneeling on the ground. Being able to see their creator was a great honor for every Sacred Race martialist. However, Mu Haiji's appearance made them sink into even deeper despair.
Even the Supreme Saint had been blocked by this woman. What hope did the Sacred Race have?
The Grand Empyrean slowly stood up, and the remaining Sacred Race Empyreans behind him also stood up …
The Grand Empyrean licked his dry lips and softly said, "We have lost, but the mission the Supreme Saint gave us must continue. He told us to pay attention to the Dao Children in the Great Yan Universe. They are the most important! Now I understand. The most important person is that person! There's only one person! "
The Great Realm fragment beneath the feet of the Sacred Race Empyreans continued to move further and further away from Luo Zheng and the others. Although the distance was great and the Grand Empyrean didn't specifically point out who it was, the Sacred Race Empyreans behind him all understood that the Grand Empyrean was referring to Luo Zheng.
This person was too important …
Mu Haiji had gone all out just now to kill this youth, but he had still been stopped by someone.
Now that the Sacred Race had been thoroughly defeated in the universe war, their last bit of value was to find a way to kill Luo Zheng. Although the Sacred Race Empyreans present also understood that this was an impossible task.
But what they pursued was a worthy death!
"Kill," the Grand Empyrean said.
The remaining Sacred Race Empyreans also erupted with intense killing intent as they took out their magic treasures and heavenly wills …
Blood-colored spatial laws condensed as they used greater teleportation to rush towards Luo Zheng!
"Are these guys in a hurry to die?" Zhan Beihai chuckled as he stood up.
"Even if they risk their lives, they don't have the qualifications, right?" Empyrean Oracle frowned. Because of the Sacred Race's invasion, the entire Human Dao Alliance had been destroyed. She naturally hated the Sacred Race Empyreans to the extreme!
"They just want a dignified death. Let's fulfill their wishes." The old patriarch understood what the Grand Empyrean was thinking.
The path of martial arts was filled with helplessness. Even the True Gods of the Divine Realm had no choice. Although they had removed the shackles of their lifespan, there were still more shackles placed on them. Even a Saint would have to face this helplessness …
The final wave of attacks organized by these Holy Race Empyreans was aimed at Luo Zheng. Unfortunately, as soon as they used greater teleportation, they were intercepted by the Old Patriarch and the others. Then, Zhan Beihai stimulated his own fighting spirit and joined the battle, instantly turning it into a one-sided battle.
As the Heavenly Dao of the Great Extreme Universe continued to tremble, the remaining Empyreans were like moths drawn to a flame, falling one after another.
The Heavenly Dao's tremors were originally only transmitted through heavenly wills, so only Empyreans could sense it. But when the Grand Empyrean died, the Qiongji Tree was also smashed to pieces by Zhan Beihai!
Although the object that the Empyrean controlled to collect the heavens wasn't the true body of the Limitless Cyathea Tree, it still brought a tremendous impact to the Limitless Realm. As the Heavenly Dao wildly shook, the tens of thousands of saint martial artists in the Limitless Realm also felt it!
Since then, the Great Extreme Universe no longer had a single Empyrean.
However, the fall of the Empyreans wasn't a huge blow to Mu Haiji. After these heavenly wills dissipated, they would automatically return to the Heavenly Dao. After a period of time, they would reappear in various places in the Great Extreme Universe in some form.
For example, the heavenly wills in the Great Evolution Universe appeared in the form of crowns of heavenly wills, while the heavenly wills in the Great Extreme Universe were born in some corner of the universe as seeds of heavenly wills.

Chapter 1718
The remaining Empyreans of the saint race had all perished, announcing the end of the war.
To the Grand Evolution Universe, this was also a great calamity.
Countless great worlds were shattered, countless kingdoms were destroyed, and the number of martial artists that perished was uncountable.
Destruction also meant new life …
Now, there were only 30 some Empyreans left in the Grand Evolution Universe. In other words, there were over 90 vacant Empyrean positions!
Many World Lords had perished in the Grand Evolution Universe, but there were still many World Lords left. The remaining 200,000 World Lords would fight for the position of Empyrean with all their might.
However, fighting for the position of Empyrean wasn't an easy task. After all, inheriting the crown of Empyrean required time, and the Empyreans of the Grand Evolution Universe hadn't all perished yet. It could be imagined that the right to distribute the 90 crowns of destiny would still be held in the hands of these 30 some Empyreans!
Because of the invasion of the saints, the Empyreans present had all cast aside their prejudices. But when it came to the interests of their own race, there would likely still be disputes between them.
But since these Empyreans had survived such a great calamity together, the distribution of the crowns of destiny wouldn't be decided through force. It would likely be decided through negotiation.
Not long after, the old Patriarch used his roar command to announce the news of victory to the entire universe.
As the old Patriarch's voice echoed through the universe, the Great Evolution Lotus Flower became heavy once more. The 'potential' contained within it suddenly doubled. All of the intelligent life forms in the Grand Evolution Universe were celebrating …
In the mortal courts, in the temples, in the alleys, in the countless holy lands, in the Divine Kingdoms …
It wasn't just the intelligent life forms that were affected by this atmosphere. Some vicious beasts, strange insects, strange grasses, and even ordinary mountains and rivers seemed to emit a fresh aura, a new atmosphere. This victory belonged to the entire universe. This world was alive!
Luo Zheng lay down on a great world fragment, feeling his entire body relax.
In order to survive the crisis of the universe, he had been rushing about for dozens of years. Finally, the result he welcomed couldn't be considered bad …
Luo Zheng also understood that for everyone in the Grand Evolution Universe, this was the end. But for Luo Zheng, this was only the beginning!
He still had to jump out of this universe and face his true enemies.
It wasn't just him who needed to jump out of this universe, but also the other Daoists …
"Youqin!"
A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. He raised his eyebrows and stood up.
To be safe, the Resurrected Heavenly Sovereign took Xi Youqin and Xuanyuan Chenfeng's corpses and left.
Although Luo Zheng was very confident in reviving the Primogenitor, he didn't know what the current situation was.
"Crackle …"
Right at this moment, a spatial rift suddenly split open ….
A nimble figure quickly squeezed out from within. A pair of embroidered shoes tapped the air a few times, and with an extremely nimble posture, she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
"Wuwuwu … I thought I was dead for sure!"
Xi Youqin lay in Luo Zheng's arms and cried loudly. Not far away, the Celestial Venerables looked at each other when they saw this scene. On the side, Xun touched her delicate ears and looked away with her red eyes. Xun had been by Luo Zheng's side for the longest time, so she had long been used to Xi Youqin's appearance.
Being tightly wrapped around by Xi Youqin like an octopus, Luo Zheng was a little embarrassed and helpless at first. It was a little inappropriate to be intimate in front of these Celestial Venerables. But he seemed to have understood something. He smiled slightly and then hugged Xi Youqin tightly ….
Xi Youqin was so cute because of her frankness. Luo Zheng had no right to ask her to change anything.
However, just as Luo Zheng hugged her tightly, she struggled out of Luo Zheng's arms. Her shallow eyebrows knitted together as she glared at the blue-clothed woman behind Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, who is this woman? Where did she come from?! "
With Xi Youqin's keen sense of smell, she would be hostile to any woman by Luo Zheng's side!
If the blue-clothed woman was very ordinary, it would be fine. But this woman gave Xi Youqin a very special feeling. She was both powerful and mysterious. Thus, Xi Youqin, who was like a docile little lamb a moment ago, turned into a fierce lioness in the next.
However, Xi Youqin's actions frightened the old patriarch and the others.
The Celestial Venerables present couldn't see through this blue-clothed woman's cultivation, but she was a terrifying figure who could even block Mu Haiji's sword. They didn't doubt that this woman could slaughter all the Celestial Venerables present in an instant with her own strength!
This kind of powerhouse was usually temperamental. They were able to obtain victory in this Universal War all because of this woman's help at the critical moment. If they accidentally angered her, they might not be able to bear the consequences ….
The old patriarch, Celestial Venerable Oracle, and the others even wanted to cry in their hearts.
"Youqin, don't talk nonsense. This senior saved our lives!" The old patriarch scolded with an unprecedentedly stern attitude.
Although Xi Youqin belonged to the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the old patriarch had always treated her with a very kind attitude in order to coax her into controlling the God-Slaying Sword Array. He was as gentle as her grandfather. The sudden change in his expression startled Xi Youqin.
If it were another woman, such as Ji Luoxue, she would probably have shut up at this moment. She knew the big picture and knew what to prioritize.
However, if Xi Youqin knew what to prioritize, she wouldn't be her …
After being scolded by the old patriarch, she pursed her lips and said, "So what if he saved my life! He saved my life, so he can snatch my man? That resurrected Celestial Venerable saved me, so can he snatch my man too? "
"Pfft …"
Even the usually serious Xun couldn't help but laugh out loud.
As for Zhan Beihai, although he wanted to laugh, he didn't dare to. Of all the people present, he was probably the only one who knew how terrifying this woman was …
As for the group of Celestial Venerables, their faces were now completely dark. Among them, there were even Celestial Venerables who carefully sized up Shi Xiaoqiao, afraid that this woman would really be angered!
"Youqin!" Luo Zheng saw that Xi Youqin was becoming more and more mischievous and could only call out to stop her.
"Am I wrong?" Xi Youqin replied with a frown.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to scold her even more severely, but when he remembered that she had just narrowly escaped death, his heart suddenly softened and he didn't know what to say.
After Shi Xiaoqiao sealed Mu Haiji's three-inch-long sword light, she kept looking at the dome as if she was sizing up something. She didn't pay any attention to Xi Youqin. Only now did she come back to her senses and glanced at Xi Youqin indifferently. Then, her face was like a blooming green lotus. A mysterious smile bloomed on her face, exuding a different kind of attractiveness, and this attractiveness was almost fatal to men.
The Celestial Venerables present were tens of thousands of times more knowledgeable than the emperors of the mortal world. The beauties they had once owned were all stunning, and there was no lack of them who were more beautiful than this blue-clothed woman. It was just that after cultivating to the Divine Sea realm, it was very easy to change one's appearance, and appearance became secondary. However, the aura this woman exuded made all the Celestial Venerables present palpitate with eagerness. Even Celestial Venerable Oracle, who was a woman, was no exception!
Shi Xiaoqiao smiled faintly and slowly took two steps towards Xi Youqin. There seemed to be countless souls circulating in her brown eyes. As the controller of the Soul Wilderness, no one in the Divine Realm could surpass her in the study of souls. With just a glance, it seemed like she could take away Xi Youqin's soul.
Xi Youqin felt as though she wasn't wearing any clothes and was standing naked in front of the blue-clothed woman. In her nervousness, she hid behind Luo Zheng …
"Senior, Youqin's personality is just that. She speaks without thinking. I hope Senior will be magnanimous enough to forgive her." Luo Zheng immediately cupped his hands and said.
Although he didn't understand this mysterious blue-clothed woman, Luo Zheng felt that she didn't have any evil intentions towards him. She wasn't the kind of person who would seek revenge for the smallest grievance. Moreover, this was just a small matter, so he wasn't very nervous.
Unexpectedly, Shi Xiaoqiao smiled faintly and said, "It's nothing. I just wanted to tell her … so what if I stole your man?"
As soon as she said this, not only was Luo Zheng stunned, but the Celestial Venerables present were also slightly stunned.
Zhan Beihai was even more dumbstruck. "As expected of the Divine Realm's number one wondrous woman. She can even say such words …"
"However … your man is still a bit too inexperienced." Shi Xiaoqiao smiled faintly. "Right now, I'm not interested in him, but I can't say for sure in the future!"
After saying this, her orchid-shaped fingers lightly brushed Luo Zheng's forehead. The wound on Luo Zheng's forehead had already more or less healed. There was only a small crack left, but with this brush, it rapidly recovered and disappeared.
However, even Luo Zheng himself didn't notice that she had quietly implanted a small petal into the wound.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1719
Of course, Xi Youqin was afraid of this woman, but when she saw her action, it was as if she had touched her exclusive property. She poked her head out from behind Luo Zheng's back and glared at the blue-clothed woman with a fierce expression …
However, after Shi Qiaoqiao planted that petal, she clearly lost interest in teasing Xi Youqin. She said to Luo Zheng calmly, "I can't leave the Universe of Great Expansion. Let me return to the Immortal Mansion."
Shi Qiaoqiao had no choice but to take Mu Haiji's sword and expose herself.
Those Sages didn't dare to barge into the Universe of Great Expansion, but if she left through the crack in the dome of the Universe of Great Expansion, she would probably attract endless trouble …
Once she returned to the Immortal Mansion, she could leave through the Takixuan Forest.
Luo Zheng naturally agreed to Shi Qiaoqiao's request. However, he was puzzled. "But the boundary of my Immortal Mansion hasn't been opened yet. Can you pass through it?"
The entire Immortal Mansion was shrouded in a special barrier. Although Luo Zheng had already obtained seven tokens, he still had the last token of the True Impasse. He did not have complete control over this Immortal Mansion, so he could not remove the barrier …
Moreover, Luo Zheng wasn't a Dao Disciple yet, and the Takixuan Forest where the Immortal Mansion was located was indeed somewhere in the divine territory.
Once the boundary was removed, it would probably lead to unpredictable effects. For example, Luo Zheng might directly disintegrate into a ball of vital essence and disappear. This was also possible.
"That boundary can stop them, but it can't stop me." Shi Qiaoqiao shook her head slightly.
The "them" she was referring to was naturally Zhan Beihai, the Big Mouth Monster, and the Evil Old Man …
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded. Since this woman in blue was in a hurry to leave, she naturally had her reasons. He extended his hands and bowed deeply. "It was all thanks to Senior's help that the Universe of Great Expansion was able to pass through such a crisis. Luo Zheng thanks you on behalf of Father!"
Seeing Luo Zheng express his thanks, the old Patriarch and the other Empyreans also bowed deeply towards Shi Xiaoqiao. None of them could repay her kindness, so they could only express their thanks verbally …
Shi Xiaoqiao was not polite at all. She slightly raised the corner of her mouth and said to Luo Zheng, "You must thank me, but not now. You must repay me in the future!"
"That's only natural. If Luo Zheng can enter the Godly Realm in the future and achieve something, I will definitely repay you with all my might!" Luo Zheng liked this woman's frankness and straightforwardness. He then asked, "But I still don't know senior's name …"
Unexpectedly, Shi Xiaoqiao smiled. "Aren't you my master? With the enslavement order in your hands, you can check everything in my soul at any time. Why bother asking me for a mere name? "
"I said that I won't peek at any of senior's secrets. Of course, I'll keep my word," Luo Zheng replied firmly.
Shi Xiaoqiao's beautiful eyebrows raised slightly. She sized up Luo Zheng with a gentle gaze, but there was an indescribable feeling in her eyes. She then said, "Alright, let me go back."
Luo Zheng took out the Gen token and put her into the immortal residence. As for how she would leave the immortal residence's boundary, that was her own business …
After Shi Xiaoqiao disappeared, Xi Youqin said hatefully, "That coquettish vixen!"
As soon as she said that, the Empyreans broke out in cold sweat again.
Although that almighty expert had left, he might have heard her. What if he turned back?
Fortunately, what the Empyreans were worried about didn't happen …
Xi Youqin looked at everyone's expressions and felt bored. She quickly locked onto Xun. "Hey! Aren't you angry? "
How could Xun pay attention to Xi Youqin? She rolled her eyes and turned her body to the other side, not even looking at her.
Xi Youqin didn't stop nagging. "You must be jealous. Why don't you show it! It's not good for a woman to keep her emotions in her heart … "
Xun was completely helpless as she listened to her nagging. With Xun's personality, if it was someone else, she would have already attacked!
Seeing Xun's expression become more and more unbearable, Luo Zheng could only drag Xi Youqin to the side …
When Original Sin Heavenly Lord saw that Xi Youqin was safely sent over, he knew that Resurrection Heavenly Lord was trying his best to revive Xuanyuan Chenfeng. He was naturally very nervous, but he didn't want to disturb them. Fortunately, another spatial crack appeared at this time. Resurrection Heavenly Lord took the lead and walked out of the spatial crack.
Original Sin Heavenly Lord's eyes flashed. He asked, "Chenfeng, he …"
Before he finished speaking, a figure floated out of the spatial crack. It was Xuanyuan Chenfeng himself!
However, in comparison, Xuanyuan Chenfeng looked quite weak at this moment. His face was pale and he didn't have the slightest bit of energy. Once Xi Youqin was revived, she was alive and kicking …
"Greetings, great-grandfather." Xuanyuan Chenfeng looked excited when he saw Original Sin Heavenly Lord. Like Xi Youqin, he thought that he was going to die. He never thought that there would be a day when he would see the light of day again.
"Why are you still greeting me at this time?" Original Sin Heavenly Lord stepped forward and supported Xuanyuan Chenfeng. In the entire Xuanyuan clan, he only regarded Xuanyuan Chenfeng as his own son. Original Sin Heavenly Lord didn't have much hope, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng was still alive. It really made him feel relieved …
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng was killed by Maha, he didn't know about the disputes in the universe. However, he learned some details from Resurrection Heavenly Lord. This time, when he looked at Luo Zheng again, his eyes were completely different.
Before this, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had gradually been convinced by Luo Zheng and treated him as his friend. Now, he completely worshipped him!
As far as the other Daoists were concerned, none of them were qualified to participate in the battle between Heavenly Lords. Hua Tianming was still bitterly cultivating. Ji Luoxue and Lie Qianhan were hiding. The other Daoists were also in seclusion …
However, Luo Zheng not only defeated Daoist Maha, but also killed many Holy Race Heavenly Lords!
What was even more frightening was that this guy could participate in a battle at the True God level!
This was no longer a question of who was the number one person in the Universe of Great Expansion. He alone decided the outcome of this battle. Now, when he looked at Luo Zheng again, he was already full of worship.
"Thank you." Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled. He also knew that his life was saved by Luo Zheng.
It was just that his physical body was shattered too badly. Even if Resurrection Heavenly Lord used Resurrection Heavenly Lord's Life Reversal, his dantian was still somewhat damaged. For ordinary martial artists, this was probably irreversible damage, but for the Xuanyuan clan, it wasn't too big of a problem …
…
…
Zhan Beihai did not go to the Immortal Mansion.
After bidding farewell to Luo Zheng, he fled to a high place in the Universe of Great Expansion and left through the crack in the Wall of Sighs that Mu Haiji had smashed open.
As a member of the War God Temple, he did not have the same concerns as Shi Qiaoqiao.
After the remaining Heavenly Lords agreed to meet up again, they returned to their respective territories.
Although the Holy Race Heavenly Lords had been completely wiped out, there were still many Holy Race survivors in the Universe of Great Expansion. The Heavenly Lords led their own clansmen to carry out the final round of cleansing.
Luo Zheng brought Xun and Xi Youqin back to the Rising Sky Saint Land to reunite with Ning Yudie, Luo Nian, and the others.
After surviving the calamity, the various major clans also launched their own unique celebrations that lasted for quite a long time.
During this time, Heavenly Venerable Oracle led his clan to reclaim the lost territories of the Human Dao Alliance. At the same time, the Heavenly Dao in the Universe of Great Expansion sent down another Crown of Heavenly Fate. This Crown of Heavenly Fate was obtained by Deity Wu Nian. However, in the end, it was handed over to the Hidden Star Temple in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
After all, the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region had suffered the most this time. Not only did they lose one of the four upper Heavenly Venerables, the Thunder Punishment Heavenly Venerable, but the other four Heavenly Venerables had also died. There was no longer a Heavenly Venerable in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region.
In the past, when faced with such a situation, the other forces would have been eager to take action and try to carve up the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region. However, after experiencing this crisis, the other clans showed more modesty.

Chapter 1720
This day became the most lively day in the Grand Evolution Universe.
Because of the existence of roaring tokens in the universe, the roaring tokens continued to exist.
However, this was also the most extravagant way to congratulate. After all, other than Luo Zheng's roaring token, the other roaring tokens were used one less.
But on this day, the voices congratulating Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin repeatedly echoed in the Grand Evolution Universe.
"Today is the day that Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin get married. I, Wang Qing, represent the West Spirit Holy Land to wish you a happy life and a long life together …"
"Growing old together for a hundred years, the joy of the zither forever, the prosperity of the five, the celebration of the bear early, the Long Chen Holy Land congratulates Luo Zheng and his wife …"
"The sound of the phoenix, the prosperity of the five generations, the brilliance of the peach blossoms, the harmony of the song for a hundred years …"
One congratulatory message after another constantly echoed in the Grand Evolution Universe …
At the foot of Soaring Heaven Mountain, a grand palace stood tall. Attendants in ceremonial robes shuttled back and forth, and tens of thousands of musicians played in unison. Melodious and festive music continuously drifted through the air.
The Celestial Venerables in the universe were mostly pragmatic and low-key. They had long since grown tired of the glory and wealth that mortals yearned for, but that didn't mean they weren't good at it …
Luo Zheng had kept his promise for Xi Youqin. He hadn't wanted to be so ostentatious. However, with the Demi-Immortal race taking care of everything and Xi Youqin adding fuel to the fire, he could only brace himself and cooperate …
"Grandfather! This way! "
The person who had come was the genius of the Central Domain's Void Spirit Sect, Xi Xiaojie.
Xi Xiaojie had already stepped into the Life and Death realm and was one of the most important figures in the Void Spirit Sect. Back then, he had been young and immature, but now he had a trace of calmness. He was the one who guided Daoist Qing Xu to the entrance of the palace.
With the Demi-Immortal race's methods, it wasn't difficult to invite people from the Central Domain to the higher realms.
Xi Xiaojie, who had stepped into the higher realms for the first time, was extremely curious about everything around him. "Divine Sea experts! So many powerful warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm … are just gatekeepers? "
On both sides of the palace, 300 golden-armored warriors were lined up in a row. All of them were at the Spirit Sea Realm. Any one of them could be titled as a War Emperor or War Emperor in the Mortal World. But here, they were only gatekeepers. Xi Xiaojie was also dumbfounded.
Although Taoist Priest Qing Xu was only a Life and Death Realm cultivator, he had lived for much longer than Xi Xiaojie. He more or less had some understanding of the situation in the Upper Realm. A Spirit Sea Realm cultivator who was called an emperor in the Lower Realm was nothing in the Upper Realm. However, he was still quite shocked in his heart, but he did not show it on his face.
The number of guests who had come to offer their congratulations was enormous. There were more than a hundred thousand of them, but the Demi-Immortal Clan had people who organized the guests into groups.
Among them, the Celestial Venerables of the various races, as well as the newly ascended Celestial Venerables in the past year, were the leaders of the various large powers, the Great Sector Lords, and then the Holy Lords of the Rank 10 Holy Lands, followed by the ordinary Sector Lords …
On the square paved with jade in the palace, guests from all walks of life were scattered in picturesque disorder.
When Xi Xiaojie entered the square, he saw ten towering jade pillars erected on one side of the square. He was puzzled. "What are these pillars for?"
"Heh, you're really ignorant!" A warrior sneered. That warrior indifferently sized up Xi Xiaojie and Taoist Priest Qing Xu, and a strange expression appeared on his face. "Where did you two come from? How did two Life and Death Realm little guys sneak in? "
It was reasonable to call Xi Xiaojie little guys, but Taoist Priest Qing Xu was also a thousand years old. In any case, it was difficult to associate him with the word "little".
However, in the Upper Realm, seniority had always been measured by cultivation base. Bone age was only secondary.
Hearing this, Xi Xiaojie glared at that martial artist. He naturally didn't care if he was reprimanded, but Daoist Priest Qing Xu was also reprimanded. How could he endure it? "What are you saying!?"
As soon as his voice fell, Taoist Priest Qing Xu waved his hand, indicating Xi Xiaojie to stop talking.
Just now, Taoist Priest Qing Xu was unable to see through this warrior's cultivation base at all. This meant that this warrior's cultivation base was far above the Spirit Sea Realm.
In Taoist Priest Qing Xu's eyes, everyone present was a big shot. He was naturally afraid that Xi Xiaojie would be impulsive and offend these big shots!
That warrior was a Realm Lord. In the eyes of a Realm Lord, Life and Death Realm warriors were martial artists who had not "entered". In the Holy Land under his jurisdiction, they could only be regarded as apprentice disciples. How dare he refute him?
This warrior chuckled. "Look at you two sneakily. I'm afraid you want to take advantage of the crowd to get some benefits. I'll send you away on behalf of the Demi-Immortal Clan!"
After speaking, that person stepped forward. With a wave of his hand, a spatial crack appeared in front of him. Then, he grabbed Xi Xiaojie and was about to stuff him into the spatial crack … This person actually used greater teleportation to drive Xi Xiaojie and Taoist Priest Qing Xu away!
With this warrior's cultivation base, how could Xi Xiaojie and Taoist Priest Qing Xu have any room to resist?
But before he could throw it, another spatial crack suddenly appeared beside him. At the same time, a cold voice came from the crack!
"Stop!"
The person who came was the Demi-Immortal Clan's Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao.
When the warrior saw the Huan Miao Grand Sovereign appear, he was stunned.
When the other warriors saw the Heavenly Sovereign Huan Miao, they all stood up and cupped their hands in greeting.
"Lord, Lord Heavenly Sovereign," the warrior said in a daze. He seemed to realize that he had done something wrong, but he still said, "These two little thieves wanted to sneak in here, but I sent them away for you …"
Xi Xiaojie was still being held in the hands of the martial artist. But with just a light grasp, he discovered that he couldn't revolve his true essence. His face was filled with depression. Hearing this martial artist call out the words' Empyrean 'in fear, Xi Xiaojie was shocked.
However, when he looked up, his eyes flashed and he smiled. "I've seen you before! You've been to the Cloud Hall! "
"Xiaojie, don't be rude, greet Lord Heavenly Sovereign." Taoist Priest Qing Xu knew that Heavenly Sovereigns were the pinnacle of the universe.
Xi Xiaojie's appearance was much calmer, but his nature couldn't be changed. He still had a smile on his face.
He had indeed seen the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign. Back then, when the Central Domain gathered in the Cloud Hall, they were invaded by the ancient witch clan. At that time, the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign attacked in the Cloud Hall.
Empyrean Miao coldly glared at the martial artist. With a casual grab, Xi Xiaojie felt an invisible force pull him over. Then he politely said to Daoist Qing Xu, "I'm really sorry, there are too many guests this time, so it's inevitable that there will be some mistakes. I hope the Xi family can forgive me!"
The surrounding sector lords saw the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign's attitude and were all dumbfounded. The Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign was so polite to two Life and Death Realm fellows. They suspected that their eyes were playing tricks on them.
What was going on with the Xi Clan?
They had heard of the Xuan Yuan Clan, Ji Clan, Ji Clan … but they had never heard of the Xi Clan.
However, some people were quick-witted and instantly understood. Wasn't Luo Zheng's bride surnamed Xi? These two people were from the bride's maiden family!
After the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign expressed his apology, he suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed the warrior. He actually used a greater teleportation and threw the warrior into the crack. However, the distance of the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign's teleportation was countless times greater. He directly threw the warrior out of the Rising Sky Realm.
Under the lead of the Huan Miao Heavenly Sovereign, Xi Xiaojie and Taoist Priest Qing Xu were arranged to sit at the front of the plaza with the other Heavenly Sovereigns.
After sitting down, Xi Xiaojie was completely obedient. Although he was full of curiosity about everything around him, he still felt a considerable amount of pressure from the auras of the Heavenly Sovereigns.
Not long after, Xi Xiaojie finally understood the use of the ten pillars.
Thunderous dragon roars came from the sky, and ten True Dragons circled in the sky.
The Nine True Dragons were once able to transform into humans. However, it was difficult for them to do so with the current Heaven's Evolution Body. As for the Ancestral Dragon, although he had gained intelligence, he was still unable to transform at this stage. Therefore, he could only maintain his original form.

Chapter 1721
In the side hall at the back of the palace, Xi Youqin, who was wearing bright red makeup, was lying lazily on a rocking chair. Her pair of red embroidered shoes swayed gently, and there was a silly smile on her face.
This wedding dress was made of Blood Silk. This kind of silk was peeled off from the cocoon and thrown into the air. It did not fall to the ground for many years and was weightless. It was also a top-grade material for making "rope" weapons. A Dharma treasure refined from Blood Silk would definitely be listed on the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet.
The material that countless weapon refiners coveted had turned into a piece of silk on Xi Youqin's body.
Every woman pursued a different kind of marriage. Ru Xun did not care about status at all. She could not understand Xi Youqin's mentality at all. She was also like Su Lingyun, who only silently accompanied Luo Zheng. She only silently worried and prayed for Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng failed, she was gratified.
In this regard, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin were very similar. However, regarding status, the two women had fought many times in the Lower Realm. They had already made a decision, so naturally, there was no dispute. However, today, Ning Yudie's heart was still surging with jealousy. Others could not see it, but Luo Nian noticed his mother's temper. However, Luo Nian did not know why Ning Yudie was unhappy.
Not long after, a few streams of light rushed into the sky, splitting into thousands of fireworks. When the fireworks bloomed, it was enough to illuminate the entire Rising Sky Realm.
The wedding ceremony began as scheduled.
Not long after the wedding ceremony began, an extremely sharp aura suddenly emerged from the depths of the Rising Sky Realm.
"Whoosh!"
The moment the aura appeared, it turned into a milky white sword ray that rushed into the sky. It directly pierced through a star three hundred million miles high.
After piercing through the star, the milky white sword ray did not weaken at all. It continued to move upward until it reached the dome of the Great Evolution Realm. It cut into the Wall of Sighs several hundred feet deep before dissipating.
The dome of the Great Evolution Realm was once shattered by Mu Hai. However, if the Wall of Sighs was not interfered with by special means, it would gradually heal like an animal's skin and flesh. In the end, only a thick scar would be left behind.
The guests were originally laughing and chatting, but at this moment, after seeing this sword intent, they fell silent.
The power of this sword was far beyond the ability of a Celestial Venerable.
Some martial artists who did not know what was going on thought that a strong enemy had invaded.
Luo Zheng stood in the center. As he watched, his eyes lit up. "What a strong Sword Intent!"
"That's where Hua Tianming secluded himself!" Celestial Master Qian Lan of the Demi-Immortal Clan said.
The Celestial's faces were full of anticipation.
When these Dao Children returned from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they all went into seclusion one after another. Only Xuanyuan Chenfeng was left to fight Dao Child Maha.
These Dao Children's lotuses were all in full bloom. They were no longer restricted by the Heavenly Dao and had cultivated to the Realm Lord realm. In theory, they were only one step away from the True Immortal Realm.
However, this step was an extremely difficult one.
In the Divine Realm, there were many Realm Lords who comprehended the Divine Dao. After all, they were creatures of the same level and were not restricted by the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, the number of Dao Children was quite large. However, it was very rare for a martial artist to be able to condense a Godhead and step into the True Immortal Realm. Most Realm Lords relied on the Godheads left behind by other True Immortals to ascend to the True Immortal Realm.
These Dao Children were seizing the time to enter seclusion and break through to the True Immortal Realm. They hoped to seize that slim chance and condense a Godhead to fight against the Sacred Race. However, whether it was Xingwei or the old patriarch, they all understood that this was almost impossible in a short time.
However, no one expected that today, a year later, one of the Dao Children would really condense his own Godhead!
After the sword-light soared into the sky, a figure shot out from the depths of the Rising Sky World. After circling in the air, the figure turned into a sword-light and flew toward the Rising Sky Mountain!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and then rose from the ground.
Not only Luo Zheng, but all the Celestial Venerables present also flew into the air …
The other Realm Lords and Great Realm Lords were eager to give it a try. However, when they remembered that this was Luo Zheng's wedding venue, it would be rude of them to leave rashly. They could only look up.
The sword ray was extremely fast. In a short while, it had already reached the top of the Rising Sky Mountain. Then, it went straight for Luo Zheng!
"It's really Hua Tianming!"
"What a strong momentum. He actually condensed a Godhead!"
"From now on, his lifespan is unlimited and he can freely enter the Ao Xiang Divine Realm!"
When the Celestial Venerables saw who it was, they all looked envious.
From now on, this sword-wielding junior would become an existence they looked up to …
The Celestial Venerables were in high positions, so they understood the importance of lifespan. After all, eternal lifespan meant unlimited possibilities. Although the lifespan of a Celestial Venerate was long, there would come a day when they would fall into the Five Decays of Heaven and Man. They would still not be able to escape the great limit of reincarnation.
"Brother Tianming! Congratulations! "
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that Hua Tianming's momentum had undergone an earth-shaking change. A kind of momentum naturally flowed out from his body. This momentum came from the countless living beings in his Inner World.
In fact, this kind of "momentum" had already been formed after the birth of living beings in his Inner World.
However, before he had a Godhead, he could not sense the existence of this "momentum" at all, let alone use it.
"Mm." Hua Tianming was also pleasantly surprised. He himself did not expect that the process of condensing a Godhead would be so easy!
He looked around and noticed the momentum at the foot of Soaring Sky Mountain. Then, he joked, "I know that today is Brother Luo Zheng's wedding. In a moment of desperation, I was lucky enough to condense a Godhead. However, in my haste, I did not prepare a gift. My apologies."
Although he was in seclusion, the sound of roaring could be heard everywhere. Today, those congratulatory words had reverberated in the universe for several hours, so he naturally heard them clearly …
"Brother Tianming, you are too polite. You being able to break through this barrier is the greatest gift," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Celestial Venerables on the side also congratulated him …
Xi Youqin was still wearing a red veil, but she was pouting. She did not care whether Hua Tianming had broken through to become a True God or not. She was silently criticizing Hua Tianming for not breaking through earlier or later. Of all days, he had chosen to break through on this day, interrupting her perfect wedding ceremony.
Just as she was feeling depressed, someone shouted, "Good, today is a double blessing!" Then, it was followed by everyone's agreement. Xi Youqin's mood improved.
After Hua Tianming took his seat, the wedding ceremony continued …
Half a month after the wedding ceremony ended.
The 13 Celestial Venerables in the universe, including Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng, the Ancestral Gragon, and the nine True Dragons, all escaped into the True Dragon Realm.
The Zhenlong Realm was not a world in the universe, but an independent realm. It was similar to the Extreme Purple Realm, but it was many times larger than the Extreme Purple Realm. The sound of the roar could not reach it.
Strictly speaking, the entire True Dragon Realm was a huge spirit beast bag that belonged to Luo Xiao!
When the nine True Dragons' bodies were destroyed and they came with the cauldron, the conflict involved was similar to that of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Mu Hai had long planned, including the True Dragon Realm.
However, Luo Xiao beat them at their own game. With the nine True Dragons as a guide, he opened up a martial path for Luo Zheng.
Now that the Sacred Clan in the Extreme Universe had been defeated, it was naturally time to settle accounts with the True Dragon Realm.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1722
Every Saint had a different method of raising their contract beasts.
For example, Sage Jiu directly threw the Black Shepherd Weasel into his inner world to sleep. If Sage Jiu needed the Black Shepherd Weasel's help, he would use a transcendent divine ability to summon it.
But different lifeforms had different ways of growing.
True Dragons were a massive race, completely different from the solitary Black Shepherd Weasels.
Thus, when Luo Xiao constructed his inner world, he directly carved out a space for the True Dragons to live in. He also used this world as his spirit beast pouch.
Around the True Dragons, many other races gradually appeared, such as the Dragon Bloodline, the Human Race, and so on …
True Dragons were Super God Beasts, but the most powerful of them were True Spirits. For example, if the Ancestral Dragon reached adulthood, it could be considered a True Spirit.
After the powerhouses of the Great Yan Universe followed Luo Zheng into the True Dragon World, they immediately caused a great uproar!
The mystery of the Nine Dragons was a huge mystery to ordinary lifeforms, but to the True Dragons, it was a conspiracy. And this conspiracy was led by another five-clawed Black Dragon of the True Dragon World.
Back then, the five-clawed Black Dragon had received Mu Haiji's help to kill Jin Chen, the five-clawed Golden Dragon, along with his eight brothers.
However, the True Dragon World didn't directly intervene in the war between the two universes. It only closely watched the outcome of this war. From the standpoint of the five-clawed Black Dragon, it naturally hoped that the Saints would win. True Dragons were only contract beasts of Saints. They weren't born in the universe, so when the Great Yan Universe collapsed and Luo Xiao completely perished, the contract they signed in the past would also become invalid. The five-clawed Black Dragon would then be able to freely enter the Divine Realm.
Unfortunately, the final battle situation was far beyond the five-clawed Black Dragon's expectations. When it learned that the Saints had been defeated, it understood that true trouble had arrived.
But as a contract beast, it couldn't leave the True Dragon World without Luo Xiao's permission. There was nowhere it could run. Now, it could only gather its tribe and defend this dangerous place to the death …
However, the most powerful array formation in the True Dragon Realm had been set up by Qinglong. Furthermore, among the dozen or so Celestial Venerables who had gone with him, there were the Oracle, the Original Sin, and the Patriarch, the three upper Celestial Venerables. In addition, there was also the newly ascended True God Hua Tianming, the Ancestral Dragon, and the nine True Dragons with Heavenly Derived Bodies.
Such a powerful force was enough to start a global war.
Due to the huge disparity in strength, the True Dragon Tribe was quickly defeated. Those 40 True Dragons were not completely on the side of the five-clawed Black Dragon. When the five-clawed Black Dragon attacked back then, many True Dragons did not know what was going on. By the time these True Dragons realized what was going on, the nine True Dragons had already fallen. Although these True Dragons were furious at the five-clawed Black Dragon's actions, there was nothing they could do. Therefore, when they were defeated, only about 20 True Dragons gave up resisting …
It had only taken him seven days to kill the Five-clawed Black Dragon after entering the True Dragon Realm.
In these seven days, he even had four days to rest and reorganize …
Hua Tianming had also displayed his strength for the first time in this battle. During the crusade against the True Dragon Realm, he had only used one sword move to kill the Five-clawed Black Dragon.
After quelling the rebellion in the True Dragon Realm, the Universe of Great Expansion finally stabilized.
However, for Luo Zheng, for Hua Tianming, and the other Dao Disciples, this was merely the beginning, a starting point …
After returning to the Universe of Great Expansion, Xingwei once again summoned Hua Tianming.
Back then, Xingwei only had his head left. After his entire body had self-destructed, the world within his dantian had also been completely destroyed.
Although Xing Wei had once again condensed a shell and looked no different from an ordinary person on the outside, he had already lost his Godhead and also lost the cultivation of a True God. However, his soul was still powerful, but he was destined to be unable to achieve anything in the future. He could only spend the rest of his life peacefully in the Dayan Universe.
After a detailed discussion with Xingwei, Hua Tianming bid farewell to Luo Zheng. Half a month later, he ascended to the divine realm according to Xingwei's instructions.
When they parted, Hua Tianming was somewhat evasive, which made Luo Zheng very suspicious.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that Hua Tianming's fate was even heavier than Luo Zheng's. After ascending to the divine realm, they would probably never meet again …
…
…
Several years later …
All one hundred and eight Heavenly Wills had appeared in the Universe of Great Expansion.
Many races had also redistributed their factions. Perhaps as compensation for the Human Dao Alliance, the Human Dao Alliance now had as many as thirteen Celestial Venerables. In terms of Celestial Venerables alone, the Human Dao Alliance could be considered the largest faction in the universe.
Yun Luo had also obtained an extremely powerful Heavenly Will and become the fourth upper Celestial Venerable in the Universe of Great Expansion, alongside the Oracle, Original Sin, and the old patriarch.
In addition, the Fiend Night Clan and the Demon Race had also received generous rewards!
In comparison, the Myriad Buddha Sacred Realm was gradually declining.
As for the four great clans of the Gods No Thought, they were originally the disciples of the Sages who had secretly left their legacies in the universe. Their goal was to help the Universe of Great Expansion survive this crisis. Now that the threat of the Sacred Race had been removed, they no longer needed to expand. Thus, they didn't fight for the Heavenly Will crown too much. They even gave away a few Heavenly Will crowns!
During this period of time, apart from cultivating in seclusion, Luo Zheng enjoyed this peaceful life in the universe with the three women.
The flow of time in the divine realm was different from the Universe of Great Expansion. Luo Zheng knew that once he stepped into the divine realm, he didn't know how long it would take him to return to the Universe of Great Expansion.
After cultivating to the True God Realm, time was in a state of limitless.
A thousand years, ten thousand years, a million years, a hundred million years, these didn't mean much to a True God because they wouldn't age with the passage of time.
However, Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, and even Luo Nian were different. Their lifespans were limited.
If he stepped into the divine realm and crossed a long period of time, he would only see piles of bones when he looked back.
The strongest killer that living beings below the True God Realm faced was time. Even Celestial Venerables couldn't escape from it.
However, not long after, Luo Zheng found a way to break it in the Immortal Abode …
Four years after Hua Tianming left the Universe of Great Expansion, Luo Zheng swallowed the Emotion Severing Pill he'd obtained from the Immortal Abode. Although Afo repeatedly warned Luo Zheng not to casually swallow this Seven Transformations Golden Pill unless it was absolutely necessary, Luo Zheng still swallowed it.
Now, the gap between Luo Zheng and the other Daoists had widened.
Apart from Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, who was slightly less talented, the lotuses of Luo Xixuan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue, and the other Daoists had all fully bloomed. Half a year ago, a bolt of lightning had rushed out of Luo Xixuan's seclusion area and transformed into the Lightning Lock Sky Domain.
Although Luo Xixuan hadn't condensed a Godhead yet, she had probably made a big breakthrough. After Hua Tianming, Luo Xixuan would probably be the second Daoist to become a True God.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't a Daoist yet. His Great Expansion Lotus still hadn't fully bloomed …
Judging from Luo Zheng's talent and foundation, he didn't fall behind the other Daoists at all. The problem definitely didn't lie here. The key was probably still in Luo Zheng's inner world!
After all, the other Daoists all cultivated the Vital Essence system, while Luo Zheng cultivated the Chaotic Qi. There was an essential difference between them. On the path of cultivation, no one could guide Luo Zheng. He could only rely on his own comprehension.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only rely on the Emotion Severing Pill, hoping to break through the shackles of being a Daoist first.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng swallowed the Emotion Severing Pill, he suddenly felt a powerful aura rushing into his mind!
It turned out that Afo's warning was right. As a Seventh Transformation Golden Pill, this Emotion Severing Pill was a spiritual item of heaven and earth. In the few years since Luo Zheng took it out, it had quietly condensed its own consciousness.
This Seventh Transformation Golden Pill actually wanted to possess Luo Zheng's body!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Golden Battle Soul was extremely tough. Coupled with the powerful soul pressure released by the Emperor Soul Imprint in his soul, it gradually suppressed the Emotion Severing Pill's consciousness …
However, the danger of this battle between souls was no less than the danger Luo Zheng had experienced!
Because of this battle, Luo Zheng had been in a coma for nearly half a month. With the help of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he slowly woke up!

Chapter 1723
The Sovereign Spirit Seal was originally a method used by Sage Jiu to cultivate the soul.
When the power of the soul was released, the Sovereign Spirit Seal would release a unique pressure.
This strong pressure was even comparable to the Divine Dao's Great Ruling Technique. If the opponent's strength was above his own, he could disturb the opponent's mind. If the opponent's strength was equal to his own, he could suppress the opponent. If the opponent's strength was below his own, he could even make the opponent submit, achieving the effect of subduing the enemy without fighting!
However, this kind of aura did not match Luo Zheng's character. After all, Luo Zheng was not a particularly arrogant person.
However, in order to cultivate the Golden Battle Soul in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had no other choice after stepping into the Heart Refining Pagoda. After all, this was the only soul cultivation method that Sage Jiu had given him!
Luo Zheng's consciousness examined the soul in his mind. The small sword and the monarch spirit engraving shone together, releasing a different kind of golden radiance. He was curious about what kind of changes his soul had undergone.
Wasn't the Emotion Severing Pill supposed to help him comprehend the Emotion Severing Divine Dao? Why would it bring about such changes in his soul?
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng was eager to give it a try.
However, just as he became excited, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his head. His vision darkened and he almost fainted again …
His soul was still abnormally weak. Although Xingwei had personally nurtured Luo Zheng's soul, it would take a long time for it to fully recover.
Although Xingwei was only left with his soul, his True God's soul was far stronger than the souls of Empyreans. Naturally, his methods were many times more brilliant. He knew how important Luo Zheng was to Luo Xiao. Naturally, he used the last of his strength to display the Star Cycle Technique.
Although the injury to Luo Zheng's soul was serious, with Xingwei's methods and daily nurturing, it took almost a month for his injured soul to recover.
On the second day after his soul recovered, Luo Zheng found a secluded valley. He sat on a boulder in the valley and closed his eyes tightly …
Luo Zheng was unable to measure the power of the Seven Transformations Golden Pill. However, this Emotion Severing Pill had tormented him to the brink of death. In the end, the small golden sword that was left in his soul could not be just for decoration.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As Luo Zheng closed his eyes and entered a meditative state, the power in his soul began to be stimulated.
A soft chirp began to slowly reverberate through the valley. The rustling of the grass in the surroundings was also reflected in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Sovereign Soul Seal!"
Luo Zheng didn't know how to activate those small golden swords, so he could only release the power of the Sovereign Spirit Seal.
The moment Luo Zheng activated the emperor soul mark, a powerful soul aura crazily reverberated throughout the entire valley …
The valley that Luo Zheng was searching for was located in a remote area in the Rising Sky Realm. In order to avoid causing chaos and trouble, Luo Zheng tried his best to stay away from those cities.
However, as the most prosperous Great World of the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Rising Heavens World had almost no barren land. Even within a thousand miles of the valley, there were many small towns and villages.
Luo Zheng's Spiritual Aura suddenly spread out in all directions in a manner that could topple mountains and overturn seas. Although the valleys blocked Luo Zheng's Spiritual Aura to a certain extent, a portion of it still managed to escape.
For a moment, the snakes, insects, and ants around the valley were greatly frightened and fled in all directions. As for the mortals within a thousand miles, they suddenly felt dizzy and a sense of inferiority arose in their hearts. Those with weak willpower couldn't help but kneel down …
This was still Luo Zheng's soul aura. He only released 40% of his soul aura.
However, just as he activated the emperor soul mark, a strange scene occurred.
The small golden swords on the surface of his soul actually began to slowly rotate. Under this constant rotation, the small golden swords even began to swim on the surface of his soul like small swimming fish. They looked quite agile!
"These small golden swords are also alive?" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. When he thought about it, it was impossible. After all, these small golden swords were the same as emperor soul marks. They were just imprints left on his soul.
However, these small golden swords swam for a while and actually pierced towards the emperor soul marks. The small golden swords actually merged with the emperor soul marks.
At this moment, it seemed to be the case. However, in the next moment, Luo Zheng quickly denied this idea!
All of the Sovereign soul engravings were shrinking at an extremely fast speed, but those small golden swords were getting bigger and bigger. It was not that the small golden swords were merging with the Sovereign soul engravings, but that the Sovereign soul engravings were being devoured by these small golden swords!
The devouring speed was extremely fast. In a short while, the emperor soul marks that were originally the size of a fist became the size of a walnut, then the size of a cherry, then the size of a sesame seed, and finally disappeared. They were completely devoured by these small golden swords!
As for the small golden swords, their size skyrocketed by ten times. After devouring, the small golden swords no longer moved. Instead, they quietly floated on the surface of Luo Zheng's soul …
"What the hell is going on?" Luo Zheng's face was full of doubts, and his expression became cautious.
He didn't know whether this change was good or bad. However, the emperor soul marks that he had painstakingly cultivated in the Heart Refining Tower had indeed disappeared.
With doubts in his heart, Luo Zheng once again operated his soul power!
Without the emperor soul marks, the small golden swords began to move. The small golden swords rapidly flowed on the surface of his soul. Under the flowing golden light, Luo Zheng's eyes also flickered with golden light …
At the same time, a strange feeling struck his heart.
He felt that his soul was constantly moving away from him, and his perception was also beginning to disappear. At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were also ice-cold, and there was no longer the slightest emotion contained within them!
"I understand now …"
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao is actually closely related to the soul!"
"This Emotion Severing Pill is indeed the most important part of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
Luo Zheng thought silently in his heart, but his face was still silent and cold, without the slightest excitement or joy.
Previously, when Luo Zheng used the Emotion Severing Divine Way, he relied on the baleful aura. He used the baleful aura in his body to suppress his emotions. However, this was an unorthodox method. Even the baleful aura could not completely cut off his emotions. This was because the baleful aura contained the emotion of "anger."
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao ultimately requires the cultivation of the soul. After all, the soul is the source of the seven emotions and six desires. With the help of this Emotion Severing Pill, can I be considered to have just entered the Divine Dao?" Luo Zheng murmured with a cold expression.
He stretched out his hand and pointed at the Sumeru Ring. He casually pulled out a long sword, gently circled it in the air, and suddenly pointed it toward the sky.
A bit of sword intent condensed on the surface of the long sword.
This bit of sword intent was only the size of a needle tip, and it constantly flickered around the tip of the sword!
"Sword intent condensed?"
Luo Zheng observed coldly. He had no emotions now, so naturally, he didn't have much expression. Under the influence of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng's negative and positive emotions had all dissipated!
"Wu wu …"
As the sword intent continued to condense, the silver light it emitted became more and more intense.
It was as if a star had condensed on the tip of this ordinary long sword!
"It's not enough. To enter the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, I need to let go of all emotions … Those small golden swords have indeed cut off my emotions, but I haven't really let go of everything," Luo Zheng murmured as he stared at the silver light emitted by the sword intent.
At this moment, there was a spiritual connection in Luo Zheng's heart. He suddenly thought of something. His eyebrows suddenly raised, and he said coldly, "I understand! Even if I cut off the seven emotions and six desires, I still have my own consciousness! "
"The ultimate comprehension of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao should be …"
At this moment, the small golden swords on the surface of Luo Zheng's soul flowed faster and faster.
Luo Zheng's eyes shot out beams of golden sword light as he continued to hover in the air.
"Shua shua shua …"
Just the sword light emitted from his eyes had directly pierced through the mountain walls of the valley, leaving fine sword marks on the mountain walls!
This was the power of Luo Zheng's eyes!
"This is … Anatta Sword!"
Luo Zheng's sword shot straight toward the sky …

Chapter 1724
As Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword, he had already completely forgotten himself.
In his mind, everything in the world was rapidly flying away from him!
Only this sword intent existed!
A sword strike that even he had forgotten was the most decisive sword strike.
As the sword slashed out, a sword light appeared.
At this time, Luo Zheng was like a wooden statue, standing where he was without moving at all …
If he faced his enemy head-on and his sword was dodged, that would mean Luo Zheng's defeat. Because in this state, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to dodge or resist.
This was also the essence of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao. When the sword came out, it would decide life and death!
Woosh!
Luo Zheng's sword thrust towards the skies didn't have too intense of an aura. But, this two inch wide sword light also soared into the skies, rapidly piercing through the depths of space.
Not long after, the thin white sword light pierced through the first star, leaving a two inch wide hole in the star.
To a star that was tens of thousands of miles wide, a two inch wide hole wasn't a problem at all. The star didn't even shake in the slightest.
But not long after that sword light left the star, the star began to sway in the depths of space. Several thousand mile long cracks began to appear on the surface of the star.
There were still many Divine Transformation realm martial artists cultivating on this star. As the star continued to sway, these Divine Transformation realm martial artists were all puzzled. They didn't know why this star would have such a reaction, so they all turned into beams of light that flew away from the star.
"Boom …"
Not long after, the star began to disintegrate and the entire star began to collapse …
The beam of light that pierced through the star didn't stop at all. It continued to rapidly soar upwards, but no one in the universe noticed its existence. After all, compared to the entire universe, this sword light was far too insignificant!
It was just that this insignificant sword light contained an unimaginable strength.
After piercing through the star, the sword light didn't weaken at all. It soared into the sky and pierced into the Wall of Sighs.
Hua Tianming's sword had left behind a wound a hundred zhang deep on the Wall of Sighs, but Luo Zheng's sword was even sharper, and its penetrative power was even stronger. It had penetrated as deep as three thousand zhang into the Wall of Sighs!
It was not until the sword light completely disappeared that Luo Zheng's consciousness gradually returned.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes, which were flickering with golden light but incomparably indifferent, regained their spirituality. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face. After comprehending the "Anatta Sword", Luo Zheng had a deeper understanding of the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao!
"Rumble …"
The mountain wall that he was facing suddenly collapsed in front of his eyes.
The golden light emitted from his eyes earlier had already cut the mountain wall into pieces. After the structure of the mountain wall was destroyed, it naturally collapsed in front of his eyes.
Now that Luo Zheng was operating those small golden swords, he could really kill people with his "eyes" …
At the same time that the mountain wall collapsed, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a buzzing sound. From behind the collapsed mountain wall, a lotus flower slowly rose!
"The Great Lotus Flower of Expansion!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
The lotus flowers of the nine Dao Children had all bloomed. Only Luo Zheng was missing!
In fact, after the lotus flower bloomed and became a complete Dao Child, they already had the ability to transcend the Heavenly Dao. At the very least, they wouldn't disintegrate in the Divine Domain.
However, the secondary life forms in the universe were basically only able to ascend to the Divine Domain after being conferred the title of True God, just like Hua Tianming.
Luo Zheng didn't know how long it would take for him to condense a godhood, but before that, he needed to become a true Dao Child. In other words, he needed to have a considerable understanding of the Divine Dao and escape the fetters of the Heavenly Dao …
The Great Lotus Flower of Expansion slowly rotated. Luo Zheng stared at it without blinking.
Many martial artists in the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation would have these lotus flowers appear when they were transcending their tribulations. However, the appearance of the lotus flower only meant that it had the possibility of blooming, but it didn't mean that it would definitely bloom. Many times, the lotus flower would appear and slowly rotate a few times before quietly disappearing …
Now, Luo Zheng was naturally still somewhat nervous. He was afraid that his understanding of the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao wasn't enough. This lotus flower was still unwilling to bloom. After all, Luo Zheng didn't know the exact criteria for the lotus flower to bloom.
For example, Luo Zheng had already comprehended the "Great Wish Technique". In theory, he was also a genuine Dao Child. However, the Great Wish Technique didn't seem to be recognized by this lotus flower.
While Luo Zheng was paying attention to this lotus flower, the old clan leader and Xingwei were also paying attention to it.
Previously, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao. However, as soon as the lotus flower appeared, the old clan leader immediately sensed it.
As the master of the heavenly treasures, the old clan leader was very familiar with every single lotus flower that bloomed in the Great Expansion Realm. In the entire universe, there were only a few hundred people who possessed a Mahayana Lotus Flower. As for Luo Zheng, he was the only one who had a thirty-five-leaf lotus flower.
Therefore, as soon as the old clan leader sensed it, he had already called Xingwei over …
"This time, Luo Zheng should succeed," Xingwei said indifferently.
"The lotus flowers have all bloomed, but he still needs time to condense a Godhead. Who knows how long that will take?" the old clan leader said with a frown.
The crisis in the Great Expansion Realm had indeed come to an end. However, he knew that Mu Haiji wouldn't give up so easily. Time was never enough for Luo Zheng.
"No." Xingwei shook his head. "I won't wait until he condenses a Godhead …"
The old clan leader was taken aback. "Sir Xingwei, do you mean to send the Realm Lord Luo Zheng to the Divine Realm?"
Xingwei nodded silently.
"But the competition in the Divine Realm will only become fiercer. Although Luo Zheng's talent is unparalleled, the risk is too great," the old clan leader said.
Xing Wei smiled faintly. "This isn't my idea. It's Master's idea. Luo Zheng … is an anomaly. He might not even be able to condense a Godhead." His eyes flickered. "He might not even need a Godhead!"
Godheads corresponded to the pinnacle of the cultivation system. Through the Dao Steles of the Divine Realm, one could comprehend the supreme Law of the Divine Realm — the Divine Dao. Then, through the Godhead, one could envelop one's inner world and absorb the "potential" within to unleash the strongest power possible.
Everything was cleverly linked and complemented each other.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't cultivating the True Essence system. Instead, he was cultivating the even more powerful Chaos Energy.
In Xingwei's opinion, Luo Zheng was indeed a "secondary life form." In fact, no one could determine what level of life form Luo Zheng was. According to Xingwei's understanding, even if Luo Zheng hadn't comprehended the Divine Dao, he probably wouldn't be disintegrated by the Divine Realm if he was thrown into it!
The old clan leader was astonished. The old clan leader had seen countless people. Although he felt that Luo Zheng was indeed different, he hadn't expected Sir Xingwei to give such a strange evaluation.
"Something's happening!" The old clan leader's eyes flashed.
The Lotus Flower of Great Derivation floating above Luo Zheng's head suddenly spun faster!
Luo Zheng's eyes focused on the Lotus Flower. His eyes grew brighter and brighter, as if two flames were burning fiercely within them …
Whoosh!
"Eh? What's going on? "
The Great Derivation Lotus Flower controlled by the old patriarch was no longer under the old patriarch's control. It suddenly condensed and flew in Luo Zheng's direction!
The old clan leader was about to make a hand seal to summon the Lotus Flower of Great Derivation back, but he was stopped by Sir Xingwei. "Don't interfere. This is Master's arrangement."
Whoosh …
The Lotus Flower of Great Derivation flew at an extremely fast speed. It only took one or two breaths to cross millions of miles of distance. Soon, it arrived above Luo Zheng's head.
"A second lotus flower?"
Seeing the Lotus Flower of Great Derivation flying towards him, Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. "This seems to be the one controlled by the old clan leader!"
The Lotus Flower of Great Derivation controlled by the old clan leader was slightly different from the Lotus Flowers floating above the heads of ordinary warriors. For example, the Lotus Flower above Luo Zheng's head was pinkish-white, while the old clan leader's Lotus Flower of Great Derivation was crimson. In addition, there were many differences in details. For example, the old clan leader's Lotus Flower of Great Derivation had always been in a budding state.
After the Lotus Flower of Great Derivation flew above Luo Zheng's head, it directly overlapped with the Lotus Flower above Luo Zheng's head and eventually replaced the original Lotus Flower of Luo Zheng!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1725
This item had already escaped the old Patriarch's control.
Now that it overlapped with Luo Zheng's lotus flower that had already bloomed, it meant that Luo Zheng was about to reopen the Great Lotus Flower of Development …
Ever since the old Patriarch had shouldered the Mandate of Heaven and obtained the item, the Great Lotus Flower of Development had never been opened.
The Treasure of Heaven was originally the Life Source Magic Treasure of the Saints, and only the Saints themselves had the qualifications to fully use it. Letting the strongest Celestial Lord in the universe obtain the Treasure of Heaven as a magic treasure was also a convention among the Saints, but it did not mean that they could use it at will.
Thus, whether it was the old Patriarch or the Saint Race's Grand Empyreans, they could only use a portion of the item's ability.
The old Patriarch watched as the Great Lotus Flower of Development flew away. With a casual wave of his hand, he tore open a spatial rift and entered with Startail. In the blink of an eye, they appeared at the side of the valley where Luo Zheng was!
"The Great Lotus Flower of Development … is opening!" The old Patriarch was flabbergasted.
On the other hand, Startail's expression was calm. "In the Divine Realm, the Divine Dao of Development ranks near the top of the 3000 Dao tablets. It is ranked 13th, but there are very few people who cultivate this Divine Dao! In the vast Divine Realm, there are countless True Gods, but since ancient times, only a few hundred people have cultivated the Divine Dao of Development. Do you know why? "
The old Patriarch didn't know much about the Divine Realm. What he knew came from Startail and his own bloodline. When he heard Startail speak of the origin of the Great Lotus Flower of Development, the old Patriarch asked, "Why?"
"The chaos is one. It is the number one of heaven, number two of earth, number one of taiji, number three of heaven … In addition to the original number eight of earth, all the even numbers are derived from taiji. The sum of these derived numbers is fifty. This is the origin of the number fifty, "Startail said.
The old Patriarch naturally knew of the number fifty, but he had shouldered the Mandate of Heaven, so he didn't know the reasoning behind it. Startail's words left the old Patriarch a little dizzy. "I wonder what Lord Startail's words have to do with the small number of people who cultivate the Divine Dao of Development?"
Startail smiled. "Because this Divine Dao attempts to encompass the entire Divine Realm. In other words, the vast space outside the Divine Realm …"
"The entire Primal Chaos …" The old patriarch's eyes flickered as his thoughts drifted.
In the eyes of mortals, a Greater Thousand World was already big enough. It was boundless, and they would never be able to see the edge of this world in their lifetime.
When the old Family Patriarch reached the Spirit Sea Realm, he felt that a big world was very big, as big as a thousand big worlds. Some warriors would have to spend hundreds of years to travel across a big world …
After reaching Sector Lord Realm, he already felt that a great realm was too small. He could traverse it in just a few days. The truly vast realm was the universe! A hundred thousand Great Worlds, a million Boundless Worlds, and an endless starry sky …
After becoming a Celestial Venerable, in his opinion, the universe was nothing more than this. The largest should be the Divine Realm.
But now, the old Patriarch knew that beyond the Realm of the Gods, there was an endless primal chaos. The boundaries of this primal chaos were nearly impossible to explore. Not only was it infinite in terms of space, but it was also infinite in terms of thought!
"If the Primal Chaos can be summarized, then it means that the Primal Chaos has a boundary." The old Patriarch thought for a moment and muttered, "Then, what lies beyond the boundary?"
Lord Startail faintly smiled. "Good question. This is a paradox. Even Saints cannot answer this question. Or, it could be said that Saints' understanding of the Primal Chaos is still in an unenlightened period. Let alone the boundaries of the Primal Chaos and beyond, according to my guess, besides a very small number of Saints that never returned, the vast majority of Saints that wandered through the Primal Chaos only circled around the Realm of the Gods …"
"…" Hearing Startail's evaluation, the old Patriarch didn't know what to say.
"So, from ancient times until now, besides those forbidden Dao tablets, the Divine Expansion Dao tablet is likely the one with the least number of martial artists observing it." Startail continued.
Of the 3000 Dao tablets of the Divine Dao, every Dao tablet had the name of an ancient Dao cultivator engraved on it. This was the name of the first person to comprehend the Divine Dao!
Most of them were saint martial artists. This was because the saints were the first race to flourish in the Realm of the Gods. Although the saints had vanished, the names of the ancient Dao cultivators still remained …
However, the name of Luo Xiao was engraved on the Divine Expansion Dao tablet!
This was because Luo Xiao was the first person in history to comprehend the Divine Expansion Dao. Not only did he comprehend it, but he also relied on this Divine Dao to become a Saint, creating an inconceivable miracle in the Realm of the Gods!
Because of Luo Xiao's legend, the Divine Expansion Dao that no one cared about suddenly became popular.
If one could become a Saint by cultivating this Divine Dao, which True Divinity wouldn't be tempted?
However, the Divine Expansion Dao was far too elusive. After being popular for a period of time, the vast majority of True Divinities eventually gave up. Only a small number of people managed to comprehend the profound principles of this Dao tablet. But, none of these people were able to achieve the same accomplishments as Luo Xiao. Because of this Dao, there was no second Saint.
"Honorable Master spent his entire life exploring the Divine Expansion Dao. It is also because of this that …" As Startail spoke to here, he began to choke with emotion.
In the past, to be accepted as a disciple by Luo Xiao, what sort of glory was that?
Even Yu Taibai, who had been famous for a long time, was willing to enter Luo Xiao's name. Now that he had fallen to his current state, Startail was naturally sad.
However, he knew that his Honorable Master hadn't given up. He also saw hope in Luo Zheng …
As he knew, what his Honorable Master wanted to do now was the true inheritance!
"Huala …"
The Great Expansion Lotus Flower was constantly unfolding.
The lotus flower's leaves didn't unfold bit by bit. Instead, like an octopus, they spread out in all directions.
"Weng …"
From the center of the lotus flower, a fresh and tender stamen was revealed. Motes of light constantly revolved around the stamen.
Luo Zheng raised his head to look at this scene. Just now, Startail had explained so much, but the Old Patriarch only understood 30% of it. As for Luo Zheng, he didn't hear anything at all. Naturally, he was still confused by the scene in front of him.
However, out of instinct, Luo Zheng also understood that this must be related to his father's arrangements. No matter what happened, he would gladly accept it.
The motes of light around the stamen were like fireflies the size of rice grains. They revolved around the lotus leaves and sprinkled down on Luo Zheng. Like a warm drizzle, Luo Zheng was completely enveloped in it.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a gentle aura constantly blowing on his cheeks.
This lazy feeling made him feel a little tired. His eyelids felt as if they weighed a thousand pounds, and he couldn't help but close them. Then, he naturally escaped into the Dream Realm …
"The number of the Great Expansion Realm is fifty, and it has forty-nine uses. The number of the Great Expansion Realm is fifty, and when one moves, it becomes two. One is a variable, and one is a fixed number …"
A dignified voice rang out … …
"I've heard of this saying before." In the dream, Luo Zheng still had clear thoughts. It was as if he was in a lucid state, but he was dreaming.
Back then, in the Illusory Battlefield, Jiang Yu 'er had said this saying. However, no one, including Luo Zheng, had been able to comprehend the profound meaning behind it.
"The Great Expansion Realm is the origin of the Great Expansion Realm …"
The dignified voice continued to speak. These words were incomprehensible to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng could only remember each word in his heart.
After an unknown period of time, the voice finally stopped … and when the voice stopped, Luo Zheng suddenly had a clear feeling in his heart. He suddenly discovered that he seemed to have a very deep understanding of the Great Expansion Realm!
This wasn't an epiphany of Luo Zheng's, but a kind of understanding that came naturally when he thought about it according to the dignified voice!
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood his father's painstaking arrangements.

Chapter 1726
That blooming flower continued to hover above Luo Zheng's head …
As the light continued to pour in, it finally turned into a pale golden book and entered Luo Zheng's mind.
There were four large black words engraved on the book, and it was called the Divine Art of Dayan. The voice that had been constantly pouring into Luo Zheng's mind was a part of the Divine Art of Dayan. It was also Luo Xiao's lifetime comprehension.
This' Divine Creation Technique 'had the miraculous effect of strengthening the soul and divine sense. After cultivating it to an extreme level, one's divine sense would be several times stronger than an ordinary martial artist's. Therefore, Luo Xiao's soul and divine sense were unparalleled among Saints!
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that when he began to comprehend the 'Divine Creation Technique', the aura emitted from his soul was constantly increasing!
The Golden Battle Soul was the strongest realm a soul could reach in the universe.
After reaching the Golden Battle Soul, one's soul could freely leave the body to defend against enemies. It could even attach the soul to a sword to increase the power of one's weapon.
For example, the Old Patriarch and Original Sin Heavenly Venerable had Golden Battle Souls …
However, what was stronger than the Golden Battle Soul was the 'Soul of a True God'. The Soul of a True God was just a general term for the soul of a True God. In fact, there were differences in the strength of the soul among True Gods. In the Divine Domain, there was another division of the soul.
For example, Xing Wei and Mu Haiji's disciple Mu Jiu's soul was considered relatively strong among True Gods. However, Mu Tian and Mu Han's souls were slightly weaker!
"Luo Zheng's aura … is greatly increasing!" Xing Wei had already sensed the changes in Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng's soul was left with those golden sword shadows. His soul was naturally mixed with a sharp aura. When his soul aura was released, it was like a sharp arrow to others. The sharp aura was oppressive!
Facing the sharp aura emitted by Luo Zheng, Xing Wei was still fine.
However, the Old Patriarch was extremely uncomfortable.
The invisible sharp aura penetrated in all directions. Some of the sharp aura directly entered the Old Patriarch's mind. The sharp aura penetrated the Old Patriarch's soul and brought him heart-wrenching pain!
"The aura of this soul is so powerful …"
The old patriarch's face was filled with astonishment. Then, he leaped backward and retreated three hundred feet …
It was no wonder that the Old Patriarch was surprised. If Luo Zheng used his full strength against someone, wouldn't he be able to destroy the other party's soul in an instant?
However, the old patriarch's retreat was far from the speed of Luo Zheng's soul strengthening.
When the old patriarch retreated to a distance of three hundred feet, the aura of the soul became even stronger. Several of the formless "aura arrows" pierced through the old patriarch's soul again. He groaned a few times. Then, he stretched out his hand and entered the space crack. His figure appeared dozens of miles away. He looked at Luo Zheng with a pale face.
"Luo Zheng's soul is still a Golden Fighting Soul … However, the strength of his soul is no less than a True God's soul," Xing Wei said faintly. "Master's skill in the Soul Doctrine is unparalleled!"
In the distance, the old patriarch's eyes were filled with awe. This was the remarkable power of the Master of Dayan!
If one's soul was powerful, one would definitely have the upper hand in a battle. Just like how the Thunder Punishing Heavenly Master had fallen under Mu Jiu's Soul Searching Banner. Even with the deep foundation of the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region, there was almost no way to fight back!
If Luo Zheng fought with a Heavenly Master at this stage, he could easily kill him with just his soul.
Luo Zheng did not know that his aura had forced the old patriarch to retreat. He was still immersed in his own mind …
The faint light sprinkled down and did not stop after condensing the Divine Dayan Technique in his mind. Instead, it continued to condense and gradually formed a green jade ruler in his mind!
When the entire jade ruler was condensed and formed, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He saw three large words on the ruler's body.
"Infinite Ruler?"
"Why would such a ruler appear?"
"Father said that the Divine Dayan Technique is actually the origin of counting. How is it related to this ruler?"
Luo Zheng had many doubts in his mind …
However, no one could answer Luo Zheng's doubts. After that majestic voice recited the Divine Dayan Technique once, it did not speak again. If there were any mysteries in it, Luo Zheng could only rely on himself to slowly explore it.
After a while, the faint light from the stamen of the Great Lotus of Dayan finally stopped …
The Great Lotus of Dayan circled around for a while, and the originally blooming lotus leaves closed together.
"Huff … huff …"
After circling slightly in the air, it flew to the old patriarch's side …
At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and turned his head to look. Only then did he discover that Xing Wei and the old clan leader had rushed over. He cupped his hands and smiled, "Luo Zheng greets Lord Xing Wei and the old clan leader."
Xing Wei smiled faintly, "Congratulations. It seems that you have comprehended the Divine Dao again?"
Luo Zheng nodded, but his face revealed a regretful expression, "It's a pity that I haven't condensed a Godhead yet." As he spoke, he looked towards the deep sky, his gaze penetrating the deep darkness and staring at the pale blue spot of light above the dome of the universe …
In the eyes of many mortals, that spot of light seemed to be a special star that had suddenly appeared.
Some people called this spot of light the "Spider Star", while others called it the "Ominous Star", but in short, it was a bad omen.
Only a few cultivators knew that this spot of light was not a star, but a scar left behind on the Wall of Sighs after Mu Haiji shattered the universe. The Wall of Sighs in the universe had the ability to heal itself, but it would take tens of millions of years for this scar to completely heal. Naturally, these mortals would not be able to see the day this spot of light disappeared …
Looking at that spot of light, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with hostility. He couldn't wait to step into the Divine Realm and kill Mu Haiji with his own hands.
But how to condense a Godhead, and when it would condense, were all unknown!
Xing Wei smiled, "There's no need to wait until that day."
"What?" Luo Zheng looked at Xing Wei in confusion.
"You have already removed the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao. I can now send you to the Divine Realm," Xing Wei said.
"You're sending me? Isn't it natural ascension after condensing a Godhead? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
When Luo Zheng had broken through to the Life and Death Realm in the lower realm, he had been rejected by the world and forcibly sent into the Ascension Passage by the world's power …
In the upper realm, if one could condense a Godhead, they would also be rejected by the universe and ascend to the Divine Realm!
It had been like this for many years …
Xing Wei smiled, "Actually, that's not the case. True Gods who condense a Godhead in the universe are usually received by the Jiang Family's emissaries to the Divine Realm. However, the emissaries in the Great Evolution Universe have been forced to return to the Jiang Family …"
"That little girl from the Jiang Family?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xing Wei nodded, "A thousand divine epochs ago, the Jiang Family used that stone tablet to write down this rule. Therefore, the Heavenly Dao in the various universes is controlled by the Jiang Family alone. Even the Great Sages can't go beyond this rule. However, this time, we exploited a loophole and forced that little girl to stay in the Jiang Family! Speaking of which, your sister has a part to play in this … "
Hearing Xing Wei mention Luo Yan, Luo Zheng's sword-like eyebrows jumped up. His eyes were as sharp as swords, and his expression immediately became agitated.
"Don't be agitated. I'm just guessing." Xing Wei smiled mischievously. "If I'm not wrong, it should be Yu Taibai who did it. Otherwise, the Jiang Family wouldn't have allowed the Heavenly Dao in the Great Evolution Universe to be empty for so long …"
Luo Zheng calmed himself down. He was indeed too sensitive. He didn't know where Luo Yan was in the Divine Realm. However, at this moment, he asked another question that puzzled him, "Then why did the Jiang Family send their own disciples to control the Heavenly Dao?"
Sending their own family members to various universes to help other Sages control the Heavenly Dao seemed to be an arduous and thankless task.

Chapter 1727
The Divine Realm had developed for countless Divine Epochs.
It had been so long that it was unimaginably long …
A set of strict rules had been established, and some rules could not be disobeyed even by Saints.
For example, after Mu Haiji attacked him in anger, he received the punishment he deserved. There was no room for disobedience!
Xingwei said that he would help Luo Zheng smuggle out easily. In fact, Luo Xiao's disciples had planned for a long time to force the little girl from the Jiang Family to return.
In fact, Hua Tianming had also entered the Divine Realm through "smuggling."
If they had entered the Divine Realm through normal means, both Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng would have been known by the Mu Family immediately.
The purpose of helping Luo Zheng and the others change their blood was also to avoid being tracked …
If Mu Haiji tracked them down, the ten Daoists would not be able to escape.
"To enter the Divine Realm, we need to smuggle …" Luo Zheng frowned and pondered.
"This is a path that has been set long ago. Even if I die, someone else will help you smuggle out," Xingwei said.
Xingwei was lucky to have kept his life. If he died, the heavy responsibility of helping Luo Zheng and the others smuggle out would naturally fall on the old patriarch and the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. It did not matter to Luo Zheng how they entered the Divine Realm.
"If you're ready, you can come and look for me. It's best to enter the Divine Territory as soon as possible. Although they can try their best to delay the Jiang Family, who knows when the Jiang Family will send someone else …" Xingwei added.
"Jiang Yu 'er is a little girl … They won't be so strict, right?" Luo Zheng thought that he had some friendship with Jiang Yu' er.
Unexpectedly, Xingwei smiled faintly. "Don't think that Jiang Yu 'er is easy to talk to. The people who can make the Jiang Family send to guard the Heavenly Dao in the universe are not as simple as you think. Moreover, she is not a little girl. Judging by the lifespan of a True God, she is relatively young. If measured by the time of the Great Evolution Universe, she is more than 20 billion years old."
"…"
"…"
Luo Zheng and the old patriarch were speechless.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng's bone age was only a few decades old, even the old patriarch couldn't be any younger than Jiang Yu 'er.
Twenty billion years old, it had already experienced several epochs.
She had lived for so long, yet she could still communicate with Luo Zheng like a little girl. It was hard to imagine how she had spent all these years …
Now that Luo Zheng had met the requirements to go to God's Domain, all that was left was to settle down his family.
Before this, Luo Zheng had been struggling with the issue of time.
However, in the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng found a solution.
Afo told Luo Zheng that after obtaining the last "Kun" token, he could open the Cultivation Pagoda. The law of time in the Cultivation Pagoda was constant. Back then, Gu Bei had cleverly designed the Cultivation Pagoda to be divided into levels by the degree of time compression.
The Cultivation Pagoda was divided into four levels. On the first level, time flowed at a normal rate of one to one. On the second level, time flowed at a rate of one hundred to one. On the third level, time flowed at a rate of one thousand to one. On the fourth level, time flowed at a rate of ten thousand to one. Generally speaking, due to the distortion of the law of time, this kind of space was not suitable for cultivation, because other laws would also be distorted.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had asked the Craftsman Saint to help him temper his physical body. The law of time there was distorted beyond recognition, and it was almost impossible to cultivate in that state.
However, the Cultivation Pagoda was an exception. With Gu Bei's ability, the Cultivation Pagoda was naturally extremely stable. After opening the Cultivation Pagoda, Luo Zheng would have plenty of time to cultivate in the future … According to Afo, the Immortal Mansion was located in the Takiguan Forest, and the Takiguan Forest was a large forbidden area in the Divine Realm.
The flow of time in the Takiguan Forest was the same as the flow of time in the entire Divine Realm. However, after opening the Immortal Mansion's barrier, the flow of time inside matched the flow of time in the Divine Realm. This was because the barrier enveloping the Immortal Mansion isolated the Divine Realm's space and even time!
However, once Luo Zheng obtained the "Kun" token and gathered all eight tokens, he would remove the barrier enveloping the Immortal Mansion. Then, the flow of time in the Immortal Mansion would no longer match. The flow of time in the Immortal Mansion and the Divine Realm would be the same.
In this way, Luo Zheng's only choice was to arrange for his family to live in the Divine Realm.
…
…
During this period of time, every time Luo Zheng stepped into the Immortal Mansion, the Old Man of Evil and the big-mouthed monster would stick to Luo Zheng like flies.
Last time, when the woman in blue returned to the Immortal Mansion, she pierced through the Immortal Mansion's barrier and left on her own.
The Old Man of Evil and the big-mouthed monster naturally wanted to leave the Immortal Mansion as well, but they saw the woman in blue as a snake. When the woman in blue returned to the Immortal Mansion, the two of them had already hidden in the dungeon. When the woman in blue left the Immortal Mansion, the two of them wanted to follow her, but the barrier had automatically closed. With their strength, they didn't have the ability to break this barrier, so they could only wait for Luo Zheng to let them out.
The problem was that Luo Zheng couldn't control the opening and closing of the barrier. He still hadn't obtained the "Kun" token and couldn't completely control the Immortal Mansion.
After being interrogated by the two of them, Luo Zheng wanted to throw them into the Great Evolution Universe and let them use the universe to travel. He didn't expect the two of them to be even more afraid. These universes were right under the eyes of the Saints. How could they leave the Great Evolution Universe? It would be better to force them to die.
Thus, Luo Zheng could only make the two of them wait.
Now, Luo Zheng finally made up his mind to head to the True Path of Extinction again.
Facing the last section of the True Path of Extinction, Luo Zheng was fully prepared. With his current strength, he believed that it wouldn't be difficult to pass through the True Path of Extinction.
However, Gu Bei's "ingenuity" in setting up the final section of the True Path of Extinction made things very difficult for Luo Zheng.
That True Path of Extinction was no longer a path, but a huge maze!
The Divine Clan warriors in this maze weren't very strong. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could easily deal with them.
However, the maze built on the True Path of Extinction was very real. From the beginning, it contained the Dao of the Five Elements. Luo Zheng wandered around in it for dozens of hours before finally returning to the starting point.
Halfway through, Luo Zheng had to leave the True Path of Extinction. This was also the only time that Luo Zheng gave up halfway on the True Path of Extinction.
"I don't know why Master set up such a maze at the end of the True Path of Extinction," Luo Zheng frowned and pondered.
"Because this maze is very important." As Luo Zheng had more tokens, Afo didn't seem to hide anything from Luo Zheng. "Master wants you to remember this maze."
"What's the point?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Who cares what the point is, as long as we can solve this maze!"
"I can't wait any longer. I've wasted another few years here!"
The Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster dreamed of leaving Immortal Mansion. Luo Zheng had finally released them from the dungeon, but they didn't expect to be trapped in the barrier of Immortal Mansion again!
If they weren't afraid of triggering some restrictions in Immortal Mansion, they would have destroyed it.
They were now eagerly watching Luo Zheng break through the True Path of Extinction.
"Because this labyrinth is related to the disappearance of the Sacred Race. This labyrinth is not something that master made up but actually exists," Ah Fu explained. "However, the labyrinth left behind by the Sacred Race is countless times larger and more complex than this one. Back then, master was trapped in the labyrinth for twelve Divine Epochs without being able to pass through it. Afterwards, when he finally managed to leave the labyrinth, he copied a small part of the labyrinth from his memories …"
"Even Master couldn't pass through the Divine Clan's maze?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look.
"Yes, so this maze does have an exit. Master's goal is for you to firmly engrave this maze in your mind," Afo said.
Since Afo said so, Luo Zheng naturally had no other choice but to go through it again and again. In fact, with Luo Zheng's current memory, he could remember the path no matter how complicated it was. However, this maze was an illusionary type of maze. Once you walked through a path, you would never repeat it a second time!
Now, Luo Zheng could only use the most stupid method, which was to go all the way to the right. In theory, even if it was a complicated maze, he could still walk out by going all the way to the right.
In the end, Luo Zheng spent about four months and after countless failures, he finally passed through the final maze.
Just as Afo said, this maze was already engraved in Luo Zheng's mind. It was just that Luo Zheng couldn't figure out what the use of memorizing the path of this maze was …
After getting the "Kun" token, before Luo Zheng could open the Cultivation Tower, the Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster hurriedly urged Luo Zheng to open the barrier!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1728
Before opening the barrier, Luo Zheng made a trip to the weapon workshop and invited Shenzi Lian out of the residence, settling him down in the Rising Heavens Realm for the time being.
Shenzi Lian was quite displeased with Luo Zheng's behavior. He'd been fiddling around in the workshop day and night, but no one knew what he was forging. Naturally, he was displeased that Luo Zheng had interrupted him midway.
However, Luo Zheng had done so just in case.
Second-level lifeforms would disintegrate when they stepped into the Divine Realm. Shenzi Lian's fate would probably be the same if he stepped into the Divine Realm as a puppet.
It could even be said that all matter in the universe would disintegrate and dissipate when brought into the Divine Realm.
If he didn't remove the barrier, the power of the Divine Realm would probably disintegrate even his iron shell and soul.
After chasing Shenzi Lian away, Luo Zheng returned to the residence.
According to Afo's instructions, he placed the eight tokens neatly together.
As Luo Zheng activated the tokens one by one, the eight tokens seemed to come alive. They hovered in the air for a while before finally arranging themselves according to their order.
The order was Qian, Kun, Zhen, Xun, Kan, Li, Gen, and Dui.
The tokens connected head to tail in the air and finally formed a ring. Black and white light flashed from the ring. It was the Yin and Yang Qi that Luo Zheng had encountered on the True Extinction Path. The Yin and Yang Qi spiraled and blended together, then became distinct and finally formed a perfect eight trigrams.
The eight trigrams floated slowly in front of Luo Zheng.
"Put your hand in it," Afo said.
Not far away, Old Man Evil and the big-mouthed monster's eyes glinted with greed when they saw this.
Controlling the eight trigrams meant controlling the entire residence!
This was the immortal abode left behind by Saint Gu Bei. They might not be clear about the mysteries and various resources within, but just the dungeon that had trapped them for countless years had left an indelible impression on them. How could the other places be any worse than that?
However, this greed only lasted for a moment before it faded away.
Not to mention whether or not they would really be recognized by this Eight Trigrams, they had previously sworn an oath of the Heart Demon in front of Luo Zheng. If they casually violated it, it would probably cast a shadow over their future lives. Moreover, Gu Bei was not Luo Xiao. Gu Bei was not dead. If this Saint came back at any time, even if they occupied the Immortal Mansion, they would not be able to resist the Saint … That would be purely courting death.
Thinking that they would soon be able to escape, they suppressed the greed in their hearts.
The moment Luo Zheng put his hand into the Eight Trigrams, the Eight Trigrams slowly rotated around Luo Zheng's arm. The eight tokens also rotated along Luo Zheng's arm all the way up to Luo Zheng's head.
From afar, it was as if Luo Zheng was wearing a strange hat.
Not long after, the Eight Trigrams and the tokens began to slowly dissipate. They merged with Luo Zheng's mind and fused with Luo Zheng's soul.
While fusing with the tokens, Luo Zheng sighed. Many things had stayed in his mind. Now that the Ancestral Gragon and Xun had left, there was the Divine Creation Technique and the Immeasurable Ruler whose use was unknown. Now, this Eight Trigrams had once again entered his mind …
After the Eight Trigrams merged with his soul, Luo Zheng immediately felt that his soul was connected with the Immortal Mansion. Everything in the Immortal Mansion seemed to have come to life out of thin air, just like his arms and legs. With a thought, he could open any door in the Immortal Mansion!
"These formations …"
"Flying Dragon Formation, Tripartite Formation, Divine Scorpion Formation …"
Only now did Luo Zheng realize that there were several extremely powerful restrictions and formations in the Immortal Mansion. These restrictions and formations were very hidden. Previously, Luo Zheng's range of movement in the Immortal Mansion was limited, so he did not notice them.
Because Luo Zheng could freely control these formations and restrictions, Luo Zheng was even a little puzzled.
Only a small portion of the restrictions and formations in the Immortal Mansion were used to defend against external enemies, but most of them faced the interior of the Immortal Mansion. To be precise, they faced the depths of the Immortal Mansion!
Realizing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression once more.
If that was the case, was there something incredible suppressed in the depths of the Immortal Mansion?
"Luo Zheng, can you hurry up?"
"If there's a problem, we can talk about it later. Can you let us out first …?"
Old Man Extreme Evil and the big-mouthed freak said in almost pleading voices.
Seeing their appearance, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He wanted to ask Afo, but he was afraid that the things beneath the Immortal Mansion were too important to mention in front of Old Man Extreme Evil and the big-mouthed freak. He could only suppress his curiosity and say, "Okay, I'll open it for you now!"
Opening the Immortal Mansion's barrier meant that Luo Zheng had truly stepped into the Realm of the Gods!
But just as Old Man Extreme Evil said, the Takeshi Swirl Forest was an extremely dangerous forbidden area. Even with their strength, they had to be careful in this forest. The slightest carelessness could lead to death. Naturally, Luo Zheng could not use the Takeshi Swirl Forest.
When it was time to open the barrier, Luo Zheng was still a little nervous.
When he first ascended from the lower realm to the upper realm, the chaotic spiritual energy of heaven and earth had already made Luo Zheng uncomfortable. The Realm of the Gods was a "real world" for second-level life forms. What kind of pressure would it bring him?
"Then hurry up …" The big-mouthed freak saw that Luo Zheng was not moving and urged him again.
Luo Zheng nodded and closed his eyes.
Gu Bei had named the pink enchantment that protected the entire Immortal Abode the "Bubble Enchantment". This name was not hard to understand. The space within this pink enchantment was a separate entity. It could become the space of the divine domain, and it could also become the space of the universe. It could even act as a transition between two spaces...
To be able to arrange such a barrier, it also showed that Gu Bei was indeed a rare super genius. Although this bubble barrier did not cover a large area, the significance of its existence was actually equivalent to a miniature universe!
"Buzz buzz …"
The pink "bubble" covering the Immortal Mansion swayed slightly. Like a huge soap bubble, it burst …
The moment it burst, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This was the first time he felt the aura of the Realm of the Gods. But he himself did not feel anything special. It seemed that the Realm of the Gods was also sparse and ordinary.
But in the blink of an eye, he suddenly felt a trace of strangeness coming from his finger!
"Bang …"
A crack suddenly appeared on the surface of one of his sumeru rings. The ring directly broke and jumped away from Luo Zheng's hand. At the same time, the ring turned into a boundless white mist!
This sumeru ring was actually cracking on its own!
"Oh no, I forgot that this sumeru ring was also brought from the universe!"
Unfortunately, it was useless at this moment. The sumeru ring turned into a cloud of white mist in the blink of an eye and dissipated in all directions.
The moment the sumeru ring cracked, an even more bizarre scene appeared.
Generally speaking, if the sumeru ring was damaged, the space inside would also collapse. The things hidden in the sumeru space would be directly lost because after the space collapsed, they would never be found again.
Now that the sumeru ring had cracked, even the "space" in it was also brought from the universe. Therefore, the space did not collapse, but it also cracked. Therefore, the pile of messy things that Luo Zheng still had in the sumeru ring also rushed out in an instant!
Various grades of Celestial Weapons, Sacred Weapons, sabers, swords, bows, and so on were squeezed out by the cracked space and scattered on the ground in front of Luo Zheng …
Fortunately, as a precaution, Luo Zheng had previously placed some important items in the Rising Sky Realm and did not bring them to the Immortal Mansion. The items stored in the sumeru ring were not valuable.
Mottled cracks began to appear on the sabers and swords. White mist constantly escaped from them and just like that, they disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The only things that did not disappear were the Da Qian Heavy Sword and its scabbard that Luo Zheng carried with him. This was because the scabbard and the sword were forged by Refined God Child using materials from the Immortal Mansion's Equipment Refining Workshop. These materials were originally taken from the Divine Territory, so they could not be restored.
Old Man Extreme Evil and the Big Mouth Monster were overjoyed when they saw that the barrier had disappeared.
They cupped their fists and thanked Luo Zheng. Then, they prepared to leave amidst a burst of laughter.

Chapter 1729
Once the boundary was opened, there was nothing that could stop them. Even though the Takeshi Xuan Forest was full of dangers, as long as they did not seek death, it was not very dangerous for them!
"Is there anything else?" Old Man Extreme Evil asked with a smile.
"You two should remember that you promised to help me with something," Luo Zheng said.
He had forced them to swear an oath of their inner demons in order to fight against the True God in the Dayan Universe. These two were stronger than Zhan Beihai but weaker than the woman in blue, so they did not fight in the end.
"Of course we remember." Old Man Extreme Evil laughed. "If we meet in the divine territory in the future, Luo Zheng, if you need anything, I, Old Man Extreme Evil, will naturally help!"
"That's right, that's right!" The big-mouthed monster nodded hurriedly.
But that was not what they were thinking. The divine territory was so vast. If they escaped from Immortal Mansion this time, they might never have the chance to meet Luo Zheng again …
Luo Zheng shrugged and smiled. "Since you two are so understanding, I'm relieved."
The two of them did not hesitate in the slightest as they strode towards the entrance of the Immortal Mansion …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes widened! Staring at their backs, he asked in a daze, "They … can't fly?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's confusion, Afo seemed to have expected it. He smiled. "Of course they can't fly. If you don't believe me, you can try it."
Flying in the universe was a relatively easy thing to do.
After cultivating to the Divine Reflection Realm in the lower realm, one had to use their vital essence to merge with the wind and soar into the sky. At a higher level, it was even more incredible. One could travel through space, teleport, and cross millions of miles in one step …
But in the divine territory, it was not so simple.
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng condensed the aura of chaos and tried to fly …
But the moment he condensed the wind element law, the power of the law instantly dissipated, as if an invisible force had imprisoned him in place.
Luo Zheng originally thought that he would float with the wind, but now his body was immovable!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of surprise. He waved his hand again and wanted to travel through space!
However, this time was the same as before. Whether it was the Wind Laws or the Space Laws, they were all extinguished in a flash. It was as if there was a mysterious force that extinguished the power of Laws that Luo Zheng cultivated!
"It's useless," Afo said flatly. "The space in the divine realm is very different from the space you know. In fact, the universe you secondary lifeforms live in is just a space created by the saints. It's full of unreality, just like how people can do everything in their dreams. The divine realm is the real world!"
When the Saints were constructing the universe, they were naturally filled with many beautiful imaginations and did not impose any restrictions on the laws.
The universe that secondary lifeforms lived in was equivalent to the ocean. All kinds of lifeforms could swim freely in the ocean, and even newborn fish could float in the air. But now, Luo Zheng was like a lifeform that walked on land for the first time. When he jumped up again, he found that he could not float like he did in the ocean …
Luo Zheng was still unconvinced. At the same time, he was also puzzled. "But the laws I cultivate are inherited from the saints. Why is it ineffective here?"
In the Universe of Dayan, whether it was a Celestial Venerable or a Realm Lord, they all had a deep understanding of the laws.
This understanding came directly from the Lord of Dayan, which was Luo Xiao's understanding of the laws. Since Luo Xiao could use the power of the laws in the divine realm, why couldn't the secondary lifeforms who obtained his inheritance?
"It's not ineffective," Afo said flatly. "If you don't believe me, you can try to condense a flame."
At Afo's words, Luo Zheng reached out and flicked his finger. A fireball rolled out from his fingertip and kept rolling forward. After rolling for several hundred feet, it suddenly exploded …
"Boom!"
After the fireball exploded, it formed a raging fire that illuminated Luo Zheng's face. Luo Zheng stared at the fire and murmured, "So it's the laws of wind and space that are being suppressed?"
Generally, when a cultivator flew through the air, they used the Wind Laws, and when they traveled through space, they used the Space Laws. Although these two Laws were not particularly useful in defending against enemies, they were still indispensable to a cultivator.
"There's also the laws of time. These three laws are being suppressed in the divine realm. This is the restriction of the rules on the stone slab," Afo reminded him.
"Saints can't fly?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Afo shrugged. "Not really. In fact, when you cultivate to the upper level of True God, you can resist this suppression and fly. That Evil Old Man and the Big Mouth Monster are both at the peak of the middle level of True God, but they can't resist this suppression. Naturally, they can only run on the ground …"
"Understood." Luo Zheng nodded.
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly heard a sharp whistling sound coming from outside the Immortal Mansion.
"Dong dong dong …"
Following that whistling sound, the ground under Luo Zheng's feet began to tremble!
Everything in this Takeshi Xuan Forest was inconceivably huge. Moreover, the divine realm's heaven and earth were extremely stable. Something that could cause such a disturbance must be abnormally powerful.
Soon, Luo Zheng's gaze passed through the tall eaves of the Immortal Mansion and saw a huge white ape!
The giant white ape was about two thousand feet tall. It stood at the edge of the outer wall of the immortal abode, its slender and powerful arms dangling on the ground. It looked at Luo Zheng with its yellow eyes and opened its bloody mouth slightly. "Awooo, Awooo" sounds came out of its mouth.
The moment Luo Zheng was stared at by this giant ape, he felt as if his entire body was bearing the weight of millions of pounds. Even moving was very difficult!
"Be careful, every vicious creature in this Takeshi Xuan Forest is quite powerful. Ordinary True Gods are not their opponents. These white apes … are summoning their own kind. It may attack at any time." Afo cautiously whispered to Luo Zheng, "You should release Blackie …"
The range of the Immortal Mansion's "Bubble Barrier" was quite large. This white ape had already rushed to the edge of the Immortal Mansion, so it was useless to open the barrier.
When Luo Zheng first stepped into the Immortal Mansion, he had encountered a huge white tiger at the edge of the barrier. Fortunately, this "Bubble Barrier" could divide the divine realm's space into two worlds. Otherwise, with Luo Zheng's strength at that time, a single glare from that white tiger was enough to destroy him thousands of times over …
Even the current Luo Zheng felt a strong pressure when facing this white ape!
Luo Zheng's face was expressionless, but a thought flashed through his mind. Now that Luo Zheng was in complete control of the Immortal Mansion, a single thought from him could affect the entire Immortal Mansion!
"Clang …"
In the backyard of the Immortal Mansion, the Immortal Essence Rope binding Blackie quietly broke.
The lion-sized Soul Mastiff rushed out of the dog house, turned into a black streak of light, and quickly rushed up the walls of the Immortal Mansion. It was shuttling through the roof of the Immortal Mansion at an extremely fast speed!
"Awoo!"
Probably sensing the Soul Mastiff, the white ape that was originally facing off against Luo Zheng suddenly waved its hands. A pair of hands hundreds of meters long reached into the Immortal Mansion and grabbed at Luo Zheng!
"Retreat," Afo said.
Although Luo Zheng felt a great pressure, seeing the huge hairy hands grabbing at him, he naturally understood that it was best to retreat first!
Unable to fly, Luo Zheng could only jump backward. His whole body rose from the ground, drawing an arc in the air, and was about to crash into the pond in the Immortal Mansion …
The white ape's reaction was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. The moment Luo Zheng jumped, the huge hands changed direction and suddenly grabbed at the air, grabbing Luo Zheng. Then the white ape dragged him out of the Immortal Mansion!
The Takeshi Xuan Forest was a forbidden area for True Gods. Not only were there these white apes, there were also some unimaginably ferocious creatures. If Luo Zheng was really caught in the Takeshi Xuan Forest, it would be difficult for him to protect himself with his current strength.
But before the white ape's hands could retract, a black shadow suddenly jumped up from the roof of the crafting workshop. The Soul Mastiff let out a series of roars in the air!
"Woof woof woof woof!"
The power contained in the roars could make many creatures feel fear, and the white ape was no exception. The white ape's huge hands that grabbed Luo Zheng involuntarily trembled.

Chapter 1730
This Soul-Shocking Mastiff was much smaller than the white ape, but as a True Spirit, it was extremely powerful!
He bit down, and a crisp "Kacha" sound was heard!
The thick ape arm was bitten off, and Luo Zheng naturally fell from the sky with the broken arm.
"Awoo!"
The giant white ape howled in pain. Flames of fury shot out from the round eyes on its ape face. It swung its other arm and slapped the Soul-Shocking Mastiff!
But the Soul-Shocking Mastiff was extremely agile.
After biting off the white ape's arm, it jumped again and dodged the white ape's slap. Then it climbed up the white ape's remaining arm. When it reached the white ape's shoulder, it pounced again and opened its mouth to bite the white ape's throat!
But when the Soul-Shocking Mastiff was only a few feet away from the white ape's throat, a white shadow flashed by, and a fist the size of a small mountain smashed into the Soul-Shocking Mastiff!
"Boom!"
"Woo woo …"
With a loud noise, the Soul-Shocking Mastiff screamed and was directly smashed into Immortal Mansion from the sky …
Outside Immortal Mansion, another giant ape appeared!
The second giant ape was also white, but there was a tuft of red hair on top of its head, which fluttered like a flame above its head. "Awoo …" The red-haired giant ape let out a low roar, obviously extremely angry.
Although the Soul-Shocking Mastiff was hit by the second white ape, the moment it landed, it took advantage of the momentum to roll on the ground. It lowered its body and vigilantly looked at the two giant apes outside Immortal Mansion, showing two slender fangs and growling in a low voice, but it didn't dare to pounce again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had just struggled out of the white ape's broken arm. Seeing the Soul-Shocking Mastiff's cowardice, his face showed a strange expression.
In Luo Zheng's view, this "Big Black" should be extremely powerful. Although the two giant apes were powerful, it shouldn't be afraid, but now Big Black didn't dare to rush out of Immortal Mansion.
But in the next moment, Luo Zheng realized what the Soul-Shocking Mastiff was afraid of!
Outside the immortal abode, giant apes popped their heads out from the outer walls. In just a short while, there were actually more than ten of them, and each of these giant apes was bigger than the last!
The first Giant Ape that attacked Luo Zheng was completely white. The second Giant Ape had a tuft of flame-like hair on its head. It was three times bigger than the first Giant Ape, and its strength was also much stronger. The Giant Apes that appeared later were even more ridiculously huge, and their heads were covered with red hair.
The first giant ape was merely a cub of this kind of ape. These red-haired giant apes stood outside the immortal mansion like a row of tall mountain ranges, tightly surrounding one side of the immortal mansion!
"Yo!"
After these gigantic apes appeared, gigantic black birds appeared in the sky. These black birds had four pairs of wings, and the feathers on their bodies were like long needles. It was difficult to condense Wind Laws to fly in the Divine Domain, but these gigantic birds relied on their enormous wings.
"So many …"
There were at least fifty to sixty giant black birds circling above the immortal abode. Judging from the aura emanating from them, they were not any weaker than the giant apes.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
After the appearance of the giant black birds, a dense swarm of giant gray insects appeared.
These giant gray insects were not ridiculously huge like the black birds and giant apes, but each one was as tall as a person. They were so densely packed that they blotted out the sky and covered the earth. Looking from afar, they looked like a huge gray cloud, making one's scalp tingle.
In the center of these giant gray insects, there was a giant crimson insect, being carried by other giant gray insects. That crimson insect had a pair of compound eyes, staring at Luo Zheng from afar, as if thinking about something. Clearly, whether it was the giant apes, the black birds, or the insects in this Takeshi Spiral Forest, they all had extremely high intelligence.
After all, Luo Zheng had just taken control of this immortal abode. The aura emanating from these strange creatures of the Divine Domain was almost comparable to that of a True God. Faced with this scene, he could not help but feel a little flustered …
"These guys are still thinking about what's under Immortal Abode," Afo thought to himself. At this moment, he said to Luo Zheng, "Master, just activate all the killing formations in Immortal Abode." Previously, he had wanted to guide Luo Zheng to familiarize himself with how to control Immortal Abode, so he had let Luo Zheng release Big Black. Unexpectedly, as soon as the bubble barrier enveloping Immortal Abode was opened, these monsters rushed out together. Their reaction was really fast. After all, it had been countless years since the bubble barrier last opened …
"Yes! Those formations! "
This was the first time Luo Zheng had taken full control of Immortal Abode, so after all, he was still a little unfamiliar with it. After hearing Afo's reminder, Luo Zheng suddenly realized.
In fact, the reason why these creatures surrounded them but didn't attack was because they were afraid of the various killing formations in the immortal abode. The first white ape had attacked Luo Zheng to test whether the killing formations in the immortal abode had failed …
As more and more monsters gathered here, they became more and more impatient, ready to swarm in at any time!
"Awoo!"
The leading white ape suddenly howled. It spread its arms and was about to climb over the outer wall of Immortal Abode, causing the black mass of strange birds and giant insects to become restless.
"Hurry!"
Afo's expression changed, but he hurriedly said.
Luo Zheng's thoughts flashed quickly. He did not care about the order of the formations and activated them all at once.
"Whoosh —"
From the depths of the celestial mansion, a seven-colored longsword slowly rose up. After the seven-colored longsword rose up, it shot out multi-colored sword shadows!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
These rainbow-colored sword shadows were extremely fast and almost indestructible. When they hit the white ape's body, they left a bloody hole. If they hit the giant gray worms, they would directly turn them into dust!
"Squeak squeak —"
"Awoo!"
"Gah gah …"
All kinds of screams rose and fell in the Immortal Abode. All kinds of monsters died tragically under the streaks of sword shadows!
"Dang dang dang dang dang dang …"
Several streaks of sword shadows hit the crimson giant insect from a distance, but produced a crisp sound of metal clashing. The crimson giant insect was actually able to block the attack of the streaks of sword shadows!
In a short time, these monsters suffered heavy casualties, but they did not retreat. They split into three groups and flew toward Luo Zheng, Afo, and Blackie!
But when they crossed the square of Immortal Abode and rushed into the inner courtyard, an illusory little person and a sledgehammer emerged from the pavilion. The little person did not have the slightest expression. After appearing, he grabbed the sledgehammer beside him and suddenly swung it at the top of the pavilion!
"Clang!"
The sledgehammer seemed to hit a large gong, producing a loud bang. At the same time, an invisible torrent of power erupted and spread in all directions.
This power had no effect on Luo Zheng, Afo, and Blackie, but it seemed to have a miraculous effect on the monsters in the Takeshi Vortex Forest. Those monsters fell into the torrent of power and were quickly pushed out of Immortal Abode by the invisible torrent!
"Squeak squeak squeak squeak …"
The crimson giant insect was not willing to be driven out. It was keenly aware of Luo Zheng's existence and seemed to know that Luo Zheng was the key figure in Immortal Abode. At this time, it spread out its six pairs of bright red wings and rushed toward Luo Zheng against the torrent of power. But the invisible power was very vast. Its flight path in the air was also crooked, but its speed was still astonishing. In the blink of an eye, it was only two or three feet away from Luo Zheng!
At this distance, Luo Zheng could clearly see its sickle-like mouth and smell the fishy smell of the insect.
When the crimson giant insect opened its mouth and wanted to bite off Luo Zheng's head, a rainbow-colored light flew again …
It turned out that the rainbow-colored sword was constantly shooting out sword shadows to kill those monsters, but most of the monsters were pushed out of Immortal Abode by the torrent of power. The rainbow-colored sword naturally aimed at the crimson giant insect!
"Clang clang clang clang clang …"
The crimson giant insect's surface instantly emitted an arc of blood light, blocking the rainbow-colored sword. But its body was involuntarily forced back by the sword shadows, and it was getting farther and farther away from Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, who finally reacted, turned around and ran. He quickly rushed into the pavilion.
"Clang!"
Accompanied by a second loud noise at the top of the pavilion, another torrent of power rushed in all directions. The crimson giant insect wanted to resist the rainbow-colored sword shadows, but it was no longer able to resist the torrent of power. Its body, which was taller than a person, involuntarily rolled in the air and was thrown out of Immortal Abode in the blink of an eye!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1731
The killing formations in the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion were triggered in a certain order.
But Luo Zheng was in a panic, and there seemed to be a few powerful killing formations that had yet to be activated.
But the seven-colored sword and the sledgehammer on the pavilion's roof had already driven these monsters away, leaving behind only the corpses of birds, insects, and giant apes …
Although those monsters were driven out of the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion, they still kept circling around, unwilling to leave for a long time!
Especially that crimson giant insect, it kept staring at Luo Zheng with its pair of bright red compound eyes, and at the same time made a hissing sound. It was actually communicating with Luo Zheng outside the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion!
When that sound rang out, a strange feeling arose in Luo Zheng's heart.
He obviously couldn't understand what the insect was saying, but he could understand it in his heart. This seemed to be a unique way of communication!
"Release the thing underground, and we will let you leave the Takeshi Xuan Forest. We won't make things difficult for you, and we can also give you three Spirit-Splitting Fruits. This is a very good deal for you," the crimson giant insect said to Luo Zheng.
Feeling this strange message, Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion.
Seeing this scene, Afo sneered, "Ignore it, it must be asking you to release the thing under the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion. Heh heh, these monsters never give up!"
"What is buried under the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Previously, he had discovered that there were many prohibitions and killing formations in the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion, and they were all set up for things below the Holy Realm Dweller's mansion. These monsters were comparable to True Gods, and it must not have been easy for them to grow to such a level.
Afo took a deep breath, but shook his head, "Letting you know now won't do you any good. This thing is even related to the ranking of the floating islands in the Sea of Time. You will know in the future when it's time for you to know. For now, let these monsters leave quickly!"
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng would definitely keep asking questions he was curious about.
However, after experiencing so much, Luo Zheng also understood that it was not necessarily a good thing for him to know many things in advance. He only needed to follow his own path to the end. If he knew too much, he could not solve it with his current ability. It was meaningless except for adding to his troubles.
Therefore, Luo Zheng shook his head at the crimson giant worm outside the immortal mansion and said softly, "I refuse."
His voice was very low, and he didn't use a true essence sound transmission. However, that crimson giant insect seemed to have a powerful innate ability to understand. It could only look at Luo Zheng with its compound eyes and then open its shell, spreading its wings and leading the countless gray insects away.
"Ahhhhh …"
"Yo! Yo … "
Those Giant Apes and Black Birds also let out resounding cries and left in an instant.
Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief...
In God's Domain, just a single forest was hiding such powerful monsters. Moreover, there were so many of them.
Indeed, it was as his father had said. The road to God's Domain would only be more difficult.
Previously, Luo Zheng could not understand. Since his father was a Saint, why would he create so many difficulties for him, and even let him experience countless life and death situations? Now, Luo Zheng finally understood.
In the universe, Luo Xiao could indeed help Luo Zheng rise to the top, and he could also help Luo Zheng walk on a smooth path.
However, Luo Xiao could not protect him forever. After reaching God's Domain, he could only rely on himself for everything. If he did not give Luo Zheng so many life and death situations, with Luo Zheng's mental state, it would be very difficult for him to establish himself in God's Domain!
From this point, it could be seen that Luo Xiao had indeed given a lot of thought …
"Why can't I open this bubble enchantment again?"
Luo Zheng could also feel the existence of the bubble enchantment in his mind, but he sensed that this enchantment was in a state where it could not be used.
"This bubble enchantment is equivalent to cutting off a unique space in God's Domain. Naturally, it cannot be opened and closed at will like ordinary enchantments," Afo explained. In order to show Kubei's superb skills, he continued, "It was already very difficult for Master to make this enchantment back then."
After all, this bubble enchantment could even prevent secondary creatures from splitting and returning to their original state. This was equivalent to erasing the rules of God's Domain to a certain extent. Although it was only limited to God's Domain, it was already extremely valuable.
Luo Zheng nodded to show that he understood. He still planned to bring his family into God's Domain, so he had to completely restore this bubble enchantment.
He himself was fine, but it would be a tragedy if the others went in together and disappeared before his eyes.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng thought of a serious problem. If the bubble enchantment of God's Domain was broken in the future, wouldn't it be extremely dangerous for Ning Yudie and the others to be in God's Domain again?
With such misgivings, sending his family into the Immortal Mansion was probably a foolish choice.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also asked Afo about this concern.
Who knew that Afo only smiled slightly. He rather hoped that someone would stay in God's Domain, especially that kid Luo Nian, who always brought him and Book Immortal some fun and could also pass some boring time. "Master, you worry too much. No one has broken into this God's Domain for countless years. Moreover, when your Master designed this God's Domain to be erected in Takeshi Xuan Forest, he naturally had a comprehensive consideration. The Cultivation Pagoda is a world of its own. If the enchantment is broken or the enchantment has to be removed, they can hide in the Cultivation Pagoda!"
As if afraid that Luo Zheng would leave Luo Nian and the others in the universe, Afo continued, "The Universe of Dayan is facing an invasion from the Universe of Dayan this time. That Mu Haiji may not let it go. In the future, he may use other means to endanger the universe. Leaving your family in the Universe of Dayan will be even more dangerous."
Afo's words comforted Luo Zheng a little. There was no such thing as an absolutely safe place in the world. Even Saints had people they couldn't protect, not to mention that Luo Zheng's current strength was far from that level. He could only do his best. At least from the power displayed by this God's Domain, only those at the level of the blue-clothed woman could break in. However, whether the blue-clothed woman could resist the various killing formations in the God's Domain was still uncertain.
After making up his mind, Luo Zheng returned to the Universe of Dayan from the God's Domain.
After staying in the Rising Sky Saint Land for a while, Luo Zheng sent Ning Yudie, Luo Nian, Xun, Mu Mingxue, and the others into the God's Domain. When Xi Youqin learned that Luo Zheng was preparing to enter the Divine Territory, she also clamored to enter the God's Domain with him. After all, Luo Zheng could 'return' to the God's Domain at any time. If she stayed in the God's Domain, she could still see Luo Zheng.
However, Xi Youqin's request was rejected by Xing Wei. The Daoists, including her, were all hopes planted by Luo Xiao. Although this hope was not great, it represented infinite possibilities. Naturally, Xing Wei could not let Xi Youqin stay in the God's Domain like this. Instead, she urged her to continue cultivating so that she could step into the True God Realm one day.
Luo Zheng also agreed with Xing Wei's approach. Because of this, Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng argued for a long time. It took a lot of effort to appease them, but it took a lot of time to prepare.
About one and a half months later, Luo Zheng finally settled everything and went to look for Xing Wei.
Since Xingwei's physical body had been destroyed, he was no longer able to travel freely in the universe. Therefore, the old patriarch showed up and led Luo Zheng to travel through the universe. Soon, they arrived at a great realm in the northernmost part of the universe of Great Expansion, the Jade Crystal Sector …
This Great Realm was occupied by a small, unknown clan in the universe. There were only three Realm Lords in the entire clan.
Luo Zheng and Xing Wei's arrival was not noticed by this small clan. After stepping into the Jade Crystal Realm, the Old Patriarch led Luo Zheng north under Xing Wei's guidance until they reached the edge of the Great Realm. It was also the northernmost point of the Universe of Dayan. If they continued forward, they would reach the Wall of Sighs!
When the Old Patriarch stopped, Luo Zheng asked, "Did Hua Tianming also sneak in from here?"
Xing Wei shook his head. "He didn't take the same route as you."
After saying that, Star Tail slowly walked to the front of the Wall of Sighs. He reached out his hand and placed it on the Wall of Sighs. A red light slowly spread out from his hand. When the red light spread out, the Wall of Sighs seemed to melt, forming a passage.

Chapter 1732
Before stepping into the passage, Xingwei gave him some key information. "In theory, Daozi are allowed to enter the divine realm. However, if they try to sneak in, they'll be punished by the divine realm. That's why very few second-level lifeforms have chosen to sneak in."
"Sneaking in will be punished?" Luo Zheng was stunned. "But I was in the Immortal Mansion …"
"That's because you didn't leave the Takiguan Forest. If you used the Northern Sage's Immortal Mansion to enter the divine realm, you'd still be punished even if you could safely leave the forest," Xingwei said. "This is the rule that the Jiang Family modified."
After the Jiang Family took control of ascension, they helped the Saints of the Sage Halls guide the second-level lifeforms who ascended. Everyone who ascended to the divine realm was recorded in the records.
However, the ascenders of the universe were a precious resource to the various Saints. After all, the martial artists that ascended from their own universe were all True Gods that relied on themselves to condense their own Godhood. This type of True God was also a very popular genius in the Realm of the Gods.
However, after countless years of development, the Sage Hall had come up with a set of detailed rules to balance the benefits of the various great clans and Sages. These Ascenders were distributed according to the rankings of the floating islands. Some Sages were nurtured in their own internal worlds, but they were being fought over by others. Naturally, they were unhappy.
Thus, for a period of time, a large number of stowaways appeared in the divine realm!
There were even Saints who directly brought their Daozi from their internal worlds into the divine realm to nurture.
The Jiang Family was so angry that they directly modified the rules on the slate to restrict stowaways.
Any martial artist who dared to sneak into the divine realm would definitely be punished by the slate. After that, very few second-level lifeforms dared to sneak in. After all, the slate's rules were irresistible. The price of stowaways was too high. If it was light, they'd lose all their strength. If it was heavy, they'd die.
"There's such a serious matter … Why did you only tell me now?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
Xingwei smiled. "Master has already considered this problem."
Luo Zheng's brain worked quickly. "You mean my bloodline?"
"Mm." Star Tail nodded. "The bloodlines passed down from the Demi-Immortal Clan were prepared for Dao Children like you. They can help you evade detection and avoid punishment, but they can also lead to unpredictable consequences."
If he hadn't changed Luo Zheng's blood, Mu Haiji would have found out the moment Luo Zheng stepped into Divine Realm. The consequences could be imagined.
Luo Zheng didn't know that the Golden Bloodline had such an effect, so he asked, "What are the unpredictable consequences …"
Startail shook his head. "That's up to fate. After all, it's not easy to avoid the punishment of the slate. Even Mu Haiji couldn't do it!"
"Even Saints can't do it?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Xingwei smiled as if it was only natural. "This might be the only chance for you. You don't know how much effort your father put in to achieve this!"
Luo Zheng nodded silently, with a glimmer of light in his eyes. "I see."
After bidding farewell to Star Tail and the old patriarch, Luo Zheng stepped into the passage.
This passage didn't break through the Wall of Sighs. It was just a very special space passage built on the Wall of Sighs.
The Laws within were completely different from the Laws of Space that Luo Zheng had come into contact with. He couldn't even sense any fluctuations of the Laws.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the passage, he felt an irresistible force wrap around him. At the same time, he was constantly pulled into the depths of the passage. His whole body spun rapidly, like a top.
During this process, Luo Zheng tried to control his body and stop spinning. However, he soon found that he couldn't use the Laws of Space, nor could he fly in the passage.
Thus, Luo Zheng understood that after stepping into the passage, he had actually entered Divine Realm. After all, this situation was exactly the same as the Divine Realm he had felt in Immortal Mansion!
Thus, Luo Zheng could only spin along with the passage, drifting with the flow.
Regardless of whether it was the sense of space or time, Luo Zheng's mind gradually became fuzzy.
He felt that he had experienced an instant, but also felt that a long time had passed, and that he had traversed an endless path …
After an unknown period of time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body become lighter. The force that wrapped around him suddenly disappeared. Then, with a "bang", he was suddenly thrown out and fell rapidly!
"Midair?"
"Vegetable field!"
Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. Although he fell down and the world spun, he could still see the surrounding scenery. Below him was a square vegetable field!
"Boom!"
Not long after, Luo Zheng smashed into the vegetable field.
With Luo Zheng's body, if he smashed into the vegetable field, he could probably create a huge hole with a radius of ten thousand zhang!
However, that was in the universe!
The universe was constructed by true essence, while the Divine Realm was constructed by primal chaos.
The difference between the two was like the difference between a second-level life form and a level-level life form. The materials in the Divine Realm were naturally different.
When Luo Zheng smashed down, he only created a small hole and crushed a few seedlings in the vegetable field.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, he naturally didn't have any problems. However, he still had a very deep impression of this hard vegetable field.
Previously, he thought that only the Takeshi Xuan Forest was so hard. Now, he understood that perhaps the entire Divine Realm was similar …
Just as Luo Zheng fell down, in the depths of the Divine Realm, on a stone slab behind the Templars, a line of small characters suddenly flickered with a faint halo. After this halo flashed, it transformed into a palm print and shot out from the stone slab!
After that lightning shot out, voices of astonishment once again sounded from the depths of the Divine Realm.
"What's going on? Why did the stone slab send down a punishment? "
"The 833rd law has been activated. Someone has snuck in from a certain universe …"
"How strange, this is already the second one!"
"…"
After that palm print shot out, it disappeared into the sea of time and quietly escaped through the vast space of the Divine Realm. Soon, it appeared in a certain region …
"Crackle!"
Luo Zheng had just recovered from his shock when he saw a huge palm print suddenly appear in the sky!
When he noticed this lightning, he was so scared that he broke out in a cold sweat. This black palm print contained enough power to kill him a thousand times over!
Thus, when he saw this lightning, he silently mourned in his heart. This time, he was probably finished. How could he be so unlucky as to be slapped to death by this palm print just as he entered the Divine Realm?
After this palm print appeared, it directly slapped down on Luo Zheng. However, halfway through, Luo Zheng felt his body suddenly warm up. The golden bloodline within his body was burning!
At the same time, the palm print seemed to have lost its aim. It was like a headless fly, constantly circling in the air dozens of miles above Luo Zheng's head. However, it was unable to lock onto Luo Zheng!
"So that's how it is!"
Luo Zheng looked up at the sky with a smile on his face.
He instantly understood that Xingwei was right. This golden bloodline could indeed help him escape punishment …
This black palm print circled for a while but still couldn't find Luo Zheng. After a while, the palm print turned into a black ball and fell from the sky!
"Oh no!"
When Luo Zheng saw this, he knew that things weren't looking good. He turned around and fled to the other side of the vegetable field.
The moment the black ball hit the ground, it exploded. From the black ball, black threads as thick as hair shot out and intertwined into a huge net that spread out in all directions. This net spread out extremely quickly. Even Luo Zheng couldn't escape!
"Swish swish swish …"
The hair-like black threads sank into Luo Zheng's body.
These black threads didn't cause any substantial damage to Luo Zheng. However, they tightly wrapped around his dantian. After his dantian was wrapped, he suddenly felt that he had lost contact with his inner world!
"This …"
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache coming on.
Although Xingwei warned him that there might be unpredictable consequences, Luo Zheng was still mentally prepared.

Chapter 1733
Those black threads were like dense strands of hair. Some of them merged into Luo Zheng's body and wound around his dantian, while the rest of them disappeared into thin air.
Luo Zheng looked at the blue sky and let out a long sigh.
Although it was rather depressing to have his dantian sealed, in the end, he didn't lose his life. It could be considered a blessing in disguise.
At this moment, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked into the distance. He discovered that this vegetable field was larger than he had imagined. These lush green seedlings stretched far into the distance. It was as vast as the ocean, and he couldn't see the end of it.
And he himself was standing in the middle of this lush green ocean …
"What the hell is this place?" Luo Zheng curled his lips.
The Realm of the Gods was a place ruled by True Gods and Saints, but there were also some weak mortals. The vegetables planted in this vegetable field were presumably for mortals to eat, but how could ordinary mortals cultivate the land here?
Although Luo Zheng was stepping on soil, it belonged to the Realm of the Gods. Not to mention ordinary mortals, even Divine Sea Realm or Divine Reaching Realm martial artists would have to expend a considerable amount of effort to cultivate this vegetable field. Ordinary mortals wouldn't even be able to lift a single piece of soil!
"Then these seedlings …"
He bent down and reached out to grab an emerald green seedling. He couldn't identify what kind of plant this seedling was, but when he casually pinched it, he unexpectedly didn't break it. It wasn't until Luo Zheng used a bit of strength that he heard a crisp "crack" sound, that the seedling was forcibly broken.
"This unremarkable seedling is even tougher than a Divine Tool in the universe …"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng concluded that these things weren't for ordinary mortals to eat. What kind of mortal could chew a Divine Tool to pieces?
Now, Luo Zheng was a bit regretful. His understanding of the Realm of the Gods was still too little. If he had known this would happen, he would have asked Xingwei about the local customs and practices of the Realm of the Gods. It would have been better than knowing nothing …
Luo Zheng chose a direction and then moved forward along this boundless vegetable field.
Although one couldn't fly or travel through space in God's Domain, Luo Zheng had an extremely strong physique. His running speed wasn't too slow.
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that even after running for six to eight hours and covering at least ten thousand li, there was still a lush green vegetable field in front of him. It seemed that this vegetable field would never end!
Looking at the boundless vegetable field, Luo Zheng wanted to cry but had no tears. No matter how he looked at it, he felt that this world was unreal. It was as if he had fallen into some absurd illusion. However, this place was the real Domain of the Gods …
After adjusting his mood, Luo Zheng didn't stop and continued on his way.
No matter how large this vegetable field was, he believed that it would eventually have its boundaries. It was just a matter of expending a little more effort!
As he moved forward, Luo Zheng constantly observed the black lines that wrapped around his dantian.
At first, Luo Zheng wanted to use his strength to remove these black lines. However, the dantian was originally the most important and also the weakest part of a martial artist. Luo Zheng was very careful even when he used his strength. Only when Luo Zheng used his strength did he discover that these black lines seemed to have become one with his dantian. It was impossible for him to remove these black lines unless he wanted to destroy his dantian as well.
However, several hours later, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
He discovered that under the circulation of his golden bloodline, it seemed to be eroding these black lines. Several of the black lines on one side of his dantian had become much thinner and seemed to be on the verge of breaking!
"The golden bloodline also has such a use!"
If his dantian was sealed, it would be a huge hidden worry for Luo Zheng. If he encountered a powerful enemy, Luo Zheng wouldn't even have the means to resist.
It seemed that the golden bloodline contained some ability to avoid the black palm print. It also had a miraculous effect on these black lines!
Luo Zheng used his strength to force the blood in his body to surge towards his dantian.
If an ordinary person did this, it would undoubtedly be an act of suicide. However, Luo Zheng's body wouldn't have much of a problem even if his internal organs were displaced. Gathering a large amount of golden blood in his dantian wouldn't cause any harm to him!
Therefore, Luo Zheng madly ran forward while trying to dissolve these black lines …
Unknowingly, the sky gradually darkened. The lush green vegetable fields disappeared, replaced by a pitch-black world. Meanwhile, above the sky was a hazy night. A pure white moon hung in the sky. God's Domain also had moons in the game.
Every Saint would do their best to construct the perfect world they imagined. However, they would more or less be influenced by the Realm of the Gods. This was the mindset of living creatures.
Just like when someone saw a ship sailing on the sea for the first time and asked that person to build another ship, the ship he built would more or less be influenced by what he saw before …
Therefore, the moon in front of him was the true and only moon.
When night fell, a thick layer of fog gradually descended on the vegetable field. The surroundings were terrifyingly quiet. Only the rustling sound of Luo Zheng running in the vegetable field could be heard!
"Da da …"
A slight sound came from the side of Luo Zheng's ear.
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. Vigilance flashed in his eyes. However, he held his breath and listened attentively.
The surroundings were still silent. There was no wind and no movement.
Luo Zheng frowned. He could only continue running forward …
"Da da da …"
Just as he started walking, those voices rang out again.
However, when Luo Zheng turned around to look, the sounds quickly disappeared again!
Now, Luo Zheng was sure that something in the surroundings was following him. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly closed his eyes. He stimulated the power of his soul and released his divine sense!
Within the range of his divine sense, everything was reflected in Luo Zheng's mind. However, he still only saw the solid soil and the unchanging seedlings.
"What the hell …"
Luo Zheng muttered to himself as he strode forward again.
However, as soon as he lifted his foot, the "da da da" sound came again. As soon as he stopped, the "da da da" sound disappeared again. The situation was very strange!
In the end, Luo Zheng simply ignored it and continued to dash forward at high speed. His speed was also extremely fast. In a breath's time, he could dash out a few miles. It was comparable to an arrow that was shot forward!
However, he didn't run far before he immediately understood where the "da da da" sound came from!
In the vegetable field in front of him, a black cricket jumped out. This cricket was about the size of a puppy. When its pair of strong hind legs bounced, it would make a crisp "da da" sound!
"This cricket is following me!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that there were dense black insects bouncing out of the vegetable field. They were all crickets the size of puppies. It turned out that he was surrounded by these insects!
"Da da da da da …"
The dense bouncing sounds came, as if there was an army of crickets marching, completely surrounding Luo Zheng.
"Zhi zhi zhi zhi zhi zhi …"
After encircling Luo Zheng, the crickets began to chirp. The chirping sounds of these crickets were extremely loud. With hundreds and thousands of crickets chirping together, it was even more deafening. It was as if these crickets were the only ones left in this world …
However, after these crickets communicated for a while, they kept quiet in unison. The surroundings were quiet again. At this moment, the crickets' black eyes were looking at Luo Zheng with a hint of greed. Obviously, they were treating Luo Zheng as food!
"Were you just discussing how to divide me up?" Luo Zheng stood in place with a sneer on his face.
"Da da!"
One of the crickets jumped up and took the lead to pounce on Luo Zheng. This puppy-sized cricket jumped in the air and spread its wings. With a flap of its wings, it swooped down at Luo Zheng from a higher angle!
However, when this cricket just got close to Luo Zheng, there was a "bang" sound!
That cricket had already been sent flying!
Luo Zheng clenched his right fist and looked at the cricket that was sent flying. His eyes revealed a hint of surprise.
Even though his dantian was sealed, Luo Zheng's physical body and eight Dao pillars were not to be underestimated. At the very least, his strength was ten times that of a normal sector lord. Under this punch, he originally thought that it would be able to split the cricket into pieces. He didn't think that this cricket would be unharmed!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1734
After the first cricket was sent flying, all the other crickets heard the commotion and moved!
"Da da da da da …"
Those crickets swarmed forward, their speed incomparably fast. In the blink of an eye, this swarm of black crickets had densely surrounded Luo Zheng. Clearly, they wanted to rely on their numbers to cleanly devour Luo Zheng!
However, these crickets quickly discovered a serious problem. Their originally indestructible mouthparts were unable to tear apart the prey in front of them. They couldn't even leave a single wound on Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng, who was pressed down at the bottom, sighed slightly. Although he wouldn't be injured by this swarm of black crickets, his heart was still flustered …
He flipped over, lifted his foot, and stomped heavily on the ground!
The cricket under his foot was directly stomped into the soil by Luo Zheng …
If this was the universe, Luo Zheng's stomp would have caused the earth to quake and mountains to sway. Perhaps a valley would have directly collapsed. However, at this moment, he only stomped a small hole in the vegetable field. Moreover, he didn't even trample a single cricket to death!
However, with the help of this force, Luo Zheng directly soared into the air. He shook off all the crickets attached to his body, and then landed heavily not far away.
These crickets seemed to have extremely powerful concealment abilities. They could even avoid the divine sense released by Luo Zheng. However, their strength couldn't be considered strong. Luo Zheng estimated that they were the lowest level creatures in the Realm of the Gods …
"Da da da da da …"
Seeing Luo Zheng escape, the crickets once again jumped, spread their wings, and continued to chase after Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng sighed. In any case, this lush green vegetable field seemed endless. Since these reckless insects were rushing over, he was too lazy to escape. He would just treat it as killing time.
Immediately, he closed his eyes. The surface of his soul in his mind suddenly flashed with a golden light. After that golden light lit up, it instantly spread to the surface of his soul. Small golden swords slowly revolved around Luo Zheng's soul!
In addition to his dantian, Luo Zheng could also borrow the power of his soul.
When the large group of crickets flew over, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes!
At this moment, his eyes began to emit a surging golden light!
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
The golden light contained a sharp aura. These auras were actually small, shadowless arrows. These small arrows seemed to be real, and they had even cut a mountain wall into pieces.
However, the most powerful aspect of these Shadowless Swords was their ability to attack the soul!
The defensive power of these crickets could be considered extremely strong. They were able to withstand Luo Zheng's physical attacks. However, as the lowest level of life forms, their souls were pitifully weak. Luo Zheng's aura spread out in an overwhelming manner, like thousands of tiny arrows shooting out. The moment they pierced through the heads of these crickets, their souls were completely destroyed!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
After the souls of the crickets were destroyed, their bodies fell to the ground one after another. There was no room for resistance at all.
Batches of crickets in front were "stared" to death by Luo Zheng's gaze, but the crickets in the back fell one after another.
Gradually, the corpses of these crickets became a small hill, piled up in front of Luo Zheng. These crickets only had their souls destroyed, but they were not completely dead. At least, their bodies were still alive. Those thick crickets' legs were still kicking and twitching …
These crickets also had a certain level of intelligence. Seeing that their companions had suffered heavy casualties, the crickets in the back finally understood that Luo Zheng was not their prey.
Thus, with a dense "Da Da" sound, the crickets that had gathered around all ran away.
Luo Zheng smacked his lips. Then, he turned around and prepared to leave this place and continue moving forward …
However, when he glanced around, he saw a flame faintly floating toward him. Because of the mist, Luo Zheng could not see clearly. He thought that his fight had attracted other ferocious creatures. Naturally, he became vigilant …
But when that flame penetrated the mist, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief.
He saw a giant bull the size of an elephant. This giant bull had a pair of red horns and its eyes emitted a faint green light. It looked extraordinary. However, what really made Luo Zheng lower his guard, and even feel more relaxed, was the thing on the back of the giant bull …
On the back of the bull, there was a little boy holding a torch.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, this little boy was simply like an oasis in the desert.
Although Luo Zheng had made up his mind to walk in one direction and eventually reach the end of this vegetable field, Luo Zheng had no idea how far the end was.
If there was someone who could guide him, it would be best.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had just entered the Domain of the Gods. He was unfamiliar with the people and the place. He did not know the rules and customs of the Domain of the Gods. If he could understand it through this little boy, he would be an excellent candidate!
"Ah! So many crickets are dead! What's going on! "
This little boy had a pair of big black eyes and white skin. He looked very cute. Luo Zheng stood behind the pile of insect corpses. The little boy did not notice him, but for some reason, after seeing these insect corpses, the little boy was very happy!
So these crickets were called crickets. The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth slightly raised. He had already obtained the first piece of information.
Seeing the little boy so happy, killing these crickets should be something beneficial to him. It could be that these crickets were very precious, or it could be that he was getting rid of a pest in this vegetable field. It could also be both.
With a thought, Luo Zheng took a step forward and said, "I was the one who killed these Locusts."
"Ah …"
The moon was dark and the wind was strong. The surroundings were pitch-black. The little boy was familiar with this vegetable field, so he dared to ride the bull alone. However, when a person suddenly appeared, he was startled. The torch in his hand trembled!
"You, who are you!" The little boy stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands in greeting. "I was passing by this place, but I accidentally got lost. I'm really sorry."
"Lost?" The little boy's eyes turned. There was a hint of cunning in his eyes. Although it flashed, Luo Zheng still saw it. Then the little boy laughed. "Even if you got lost, why did you come to my vegetable field? How do you plan to get out?"
"Go all the way north. I think I'll eventually find a way out," Luo Zheng answered truthfully. He felt that this little boy was somewhat cunning. Although he was vigilant, he still answered truthfully.
"Haha, you can find a way out all the way north?" The little boy laughed out loud. "You can run to your death if you go all the way north. Let's see if you can run out in a hundred years!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
Although he had heard that the Realm of the Gods was extremely vast and could not be compared to the universe, he did not expect it to be so vast. With his speed, it would take him a hundred years to walk out of a vegetable field?
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the little boy laughed again. "I'm telling the truth. You're lucky you met me today. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to get out even if you died! Come on up, let my Er Huang take you out! "
After saying this, he patted the giant bull's back.
This giant bull was three zhang tall, and its back was extremely wide. It could easily seat ten people.
Seeing the little boy's sincere appearance, Luo Zheng seemed to suspect that he was overthinking things. Without any hesitation, he took a step forward and jumped, landing on the bull's back. He heard the little boy pat the bull's back and say crisply, "Er Huang, take me back!"
The giant bull lowered its head and walked forward.
The cow moved very slowly, just like an ordinary cow walking in the fields. However, Luo Zheng felt that the space around him had changed. It was as if it was an illusion. The cow was clearly crawling slowly, but it was carrying him at an extremely fast speed. He secretly sighed in amazement in his heart.
"There are so many seedlings in this vegetable field. I wonder what they are planted?" Luo Zheng asked carefully. Although he was facing an innocent little boy, he had to be careful in the Realm of the Gods.
"You don't even know this? Are you from the outside?" the little boy asked back.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment. "You can say that."
"These vegetable fields are all planted with Jade Fairy Rice. Those are the food of the Gods," the little boy replied. "Only our Vast Sky Territory has Jade Fairy Rice! It's a special product! "

Chapter 1735
The Realm of the Gods was divided into many Domains.
The largest Domains were the East, West, South, and North Domains. Corresponding to them were the East Pole Fusang, the West Pole Ruo Wood, the North Star Jianmu, and the South Dipper Xunmu.
These four Divine Trees each had their own unique and mystical abilities. They were the four pillars of the Realm of the Gods. It was by relying on these four Divine Trees that the Realm of the Gods was able to continuously draw in chaotic energy from outside and transform it into Heaven Earth Yuan Qi.
Besides the four Domains and the central Sea of Time, there were many other Domains in the Realm of the Gods.
Although Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the Realm of the Gods, it was impossible for him to remember every domain name. However, he at least knew that he was in the Vast Sky Domain.
On the back of the cow, Luo Zheng carefully asked the little boy about the situation. However, the little boy didn't know much, and many of his questions were irrelevant. Even so, Luo Zheng quickly gained a general understanding of the situation.
It turned out that the so-called Citizens of the Gods were the true mortals of the Realm of the Gods.
These Citizens of the Gods didn't cultivate, or it could be said that their cultivation talent wasn't good. But even so, they were much stronger than the mortals of the universe.
For example, this vast and boundless vegetable field was reclaimed by the Citizens of the Gods!
In the universe, even Life and Death Realm martial artists wouldn't be able to easily dig up this vegetable field. Only Divine Sea Realm martial artists could rely on their physical strength to barely reclaim it. However, the ordinary Citizens of the Realm of the Gods could do it.
In other words, any Citizen of the Realm of the Gods was born with divine strength!
It was no wonder that when Luo Zheng obtained Saint Jiu's power source, Saint Jiu warned Luo Zheng that pure strength was nothing in the Realm of the Gods.
"Such a large vegetable field, how many Citizens of the Gods would it take to reclaim it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
This vegetable field was boundless. If the Citizens of the Gods were to reclaim it, it would take a very large group. Luo Zheng wanted to know how many Citizens of the Gods there were.
Who knew that the little boy would roll his eyes at Luo Zheng. "Who said we had to personally dig up the land? Don't we have cows … "As he spoke, he patted his' Er Huang '. This giant cow also responded with a' moo '.
Luo Zheng was a little embarrassed by the little boy's words.
It turned out that the village that the little boy belonged to only had three to four thousand gods. It was also a small village that was not well-known in the Vast Sky Domain.
These Gods made a living by farming, which was to grow these "Jade Immortal Rice".
Although the Divine Folk possessed considerable strength, they were still unable to absorb the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi in the Divine Realm. Therefore, they did not practice Inedia and still had to eat the five grains. However, the five grains in the Divine Realm were naturally different. This was probably the source of the Divine Folk's strength.
It was the same as the Mountain Collapsing Clan that Luo Zheng encountered in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Those Mountain Collapsing Clan members fed on the flesh and blood of all kinds of ferocious beasts. Even if they didn't cultivate much, they still had innate divine strength.
The cow wobbled and finally reached the edge of the vegetable field!
After Luo Zheng entered the Divine Realm, what entered his eyes was either a vegetable field or a vegetable field. It even gave Luo Zheng the misconception that the Divine Realm was a vegetable field. Only now did he see some different scenery.
At the edge of the vegetable field, there was a mountain road that extended upwards. Halfway up the mountain, there was a lonely village.
Although it was already night time, the lights of every household in the village were still shining.
When the 'Er Huang' reached the entrance of the village, the little boy suddenly stood up and smiled at Luo Zheng. He extended his hand and clapped according to a certain rhythm.
After the clapping stopped, numerous figures flashed out from the darkness. These figures carried spears on their backs.
Although Luo Zheng did not release his divine sense, his soul perception was now extremely sharp. Almost in an instant, he felt the killing intent of these figures. However, these people were all hiding in the darkness and did not rush out!
"This little boy …" Luo Zheng remained calm and collected. However, he roughly understood that this little boy wanted to lure him to this place and then use the clapping sound to send a signal. He was afraid that this little boy wanted to harm him!
However, he had no enmity with these God Citizens. Why would he do this? Luo Zheng was confused …
At this moment, the little boy suddenly rushed out. The 'Er Huang' under his feet lowered its head. He took advantage of the momentum and slid down the cow's neck to the ground. He rolled on the ground and rushed into the village. As he rushed, he shouted, "Everyone, hurry up and do it!"
This series of movements was extremely nimble. Of course, if Luo Zheng wanted to stop the little boy from escaping, it would only take a thought. However, he did not do so. He wanted to see what this little boy was selling in his gourd!
"Moo —"
The 'Er Huang' under Luo Zheng's feet cried out and began to shake its back. It actually wanted to shake Luo Zheng off.
However, Luo Zheng's feet were like nails, firmly nailed to the cow's back. No matter how the 'Er Huang' shook, Luo Zheng still stood on the cow's back without moving an inch!
"Hurry, hurry, hurry!"
"Surround that brat!"
"Don't let him escape!"
"…"
The God Citizens in the darkness carried their spears and rushed out at the same time. The person in the lead held a spear and stabbed it towards Luo Zheng's face without any hesitation!
"Whoosh!"
"The strength is not bad. Ordinary warriors of the Divine Sea Realm would be injured if not killed by this spear. Unfortunately, the accuracy is too bad …"
Seeing these God Citizens attack, Luo Zheng's previous conjecture was verified!
However, the difference between the Mountain Crasher Clan and the Mountain Crasher Clan was that the Mountain Crasher Clan was a proper martial artist who was constantly training. On the other hand, these God Citizens had obviously not received any training. They only had a body full of strength. In Luo Zheng's eyes, they were just randomly stabbing their spears. How could they possibly hit Luo Zheng?
Facing this spear, Luo Zheng only tilted his head slightly. The spear stabbed past Luo Zheng's cheek, missing by less than half an inch.
The God Citizen was slightly taken aback. However, he thought that he had almost hit Luo Zheng and became even more excited. He retracted his spear and stabbed at Luo Zheng again. The result of this second spear was the same as the first. It was still only half an inch away from Luo Zheng's cheek!
At the same time, the other God Citizens also stabbed with their spears …
Amidst the chaotic stabbing of the spears, Luo Zheng simply used the "Eight Winding Flying Smoke" movement. His whole body fluttered lightly on the back of the ox like a willow catkin. All the spears that were stabbing at Luo Zheng almost all slid past him.
Every spear was just a little bit off, but the difference of a millimeter was huge. From beginning to end, not a single spear could touch Luo Zheng!
"Come on, everyone! This guy can't avoid it! "
"Alas, that spear almost killed him!"
"He's pretty lucky. He was just a little bit off …"
These God Citizens always thought that they were just a little bit off. Instead, it stimulated their courage and made them strenuously attack with their spears.
The little boy who was hiding nearby was looking at Luo Zheng's calm expression. A look of shock flashed across his big eyes. He realized that the man on the back of the ox was just toying with them!
These God Citizens had not received any professional training. Although they were very strong, they could not hold on for long if they used their strength recklessly. After twenty to thirty breaths, many God Citizens were already panting. They carried their spears and stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
The few remaining divine citizens who were still persevering also stopped. They weren't fools. A bunch of them had been stabbing Luo Zheng for so long, yet they still hadn't managed to touch his clothes. The difference in strength was too great. Luo Zheng was just toying with them!
Luo Zheng stood on the back of the ox and looked down at these God Citizens. His face was slightly cold as he asked, "Why are you attacking me?"
As soon as he finished speaking, the leader of the God Citizens shouted angrily, "There's no need to say anything. If you want to kill us, do as you please. We, the people of Meng Village, will not leave this place!"
"That's right. Meng Mountains is the land of our clan that has been passed down for generations. Why should we be driven away by you?" Another God Citizen said angrily.
"I, I'll fight you to the death!"
The strongest God Citizen carried a spear and rushed toward Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose. He turned his hand and grabbed the spear. The eight-layered Dao Pillars in his body suddenly opened, and a powerful force was released. With this squeeze, an explosion sounded. The spear was crushed by Luo Zheng!

Chapter 1736
Luo Zheng's display of power immediately intimidated these excited Divine Citizens.
Hearing these Divine Citizens' words, Luo Zheng understood a few things.
Someone must be looking for trouble with this "Meng Village" and wanted to drive these Divine Citizens away. Since these Meng Village villagers refused to leave, the other party naturally hired some people to cause trouble for them.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Divine Realm, he had fallen into a vegetable field in this village and had easily exterminated a large group of "Horseshoe Beetles" in the field. This had been seen by the little boy. The little boy had a plan in mind and had brought Luo Zheng to the village in an attempt to kill Luo Zheng together.
After sorting out his thoughts, Luo Zheng naturally understood the Divine Citizens' motives.
"I'm just a passerby who accidentally stumbled into the vegetable field. I didn't mean to offend anyone, so why do you want to attack me?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
After thinking it through, Luo Zheng wasn't angry at all.
"Is there a mistake?"
"Aren't you someone sent by the Sun Moon Village?"
When these Divine Citizens saw Luo Zheng's innocent expression, they were somewhat shaken.
"Indeed, I'm not. I don't even know what the Sun Moon Village is," Luo Zheng shrugged.
"How can we believe you?" A Divine Citizen questioned.
"Believe me?" A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Then you'll believe me!"
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and finally left the back of the ox.
Although he couldn't use the Law of Wind to fly, he could still use the ingenious movement skills that he had previously cultivated. His movement was like a ghost and he instantly disappeared from these Divine Citizens' eyes.
The Divine Citizens only felt a gentle breeze whistling past them. Then, they loosened their grip on their spears and the spears disappeared.
In a breath's time, Luo Zheng was standing in the middle of the village gate with a bundle of spears in his hand.
Every Divine Citizen turned pale with fright and stared at Luo Zheng in fear. Their mouths were slightly agape as if they didn't know what to say. "If I was sent by the Sun Moon Village, you would already be corpses," Luo Zheng said indifferently. After saying this, he casually threw the bundle of spears on the ground.
In the face of Luo Zheng's explanation, no one uttered a word.
They also felt that Luo Zheng's words were reasonable. The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was too powerful. If he wanted to kill them, it would be as easy as turning his hand over... There was no need to explain things to such a powerhouse!
However, the villagers' eyes were still not so friendly. Instead, they were filled with hostility. Luo Zheng was the one who was really depressed.
If it wasn't because he had just arrived, he wouldn't have bothered with these Citizens..
. However, Luo Zheng also reminded himself that this was the Divine Domain, not the universe. The first thing he needed to do was to integrate into this world and get used to it. He couldn't be impulsive!
"Everyone, believe him! He's not an assassin sent by the Sun Moon Village! "
At this time, a voice came from the village. The person who came was a black-haired youth with a long sword hanging from his waist. His eyes were calm. He was a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist.
This person was also a martial artist. Was he a martial artist among the Divine Citizens? Luo Zheng thought to himself.
He wasn't afraid of this black-haired youth. These Divine Citizens didn't have any cultivation, but they all had brute strength. They gave Luo Zheng a strange feeling. Now that he saw a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist, he suddenly felt a sense of familiarity.
"Little Wu, what took you so long?!" A Divine Citizen said angrily.
Little Wu smiled embarrassedly. "I've been here all this time. I just didn't make a move …"
"We were almost killed by this person just now. As the only martial artist in our village, you actually hid in the back. You're a disgrace to our Meng Village!"
"That's right, that's right. Little Wu, why didn't you make a move?!"
Hearing Little Wu's words, these Divine Citizens became even angrier.
They were almost killed by him …
Luo Zheng suddenly realized that these Divine Citizens were very difficult to communicate with. He was the one who showed mercy, so why did they say they were almost killed?
Little Wu rolled his eyes and said, "I'm not his match either. Let alone me, even the chief of the Sun Moon Village doesn't have full confidence in taking him down!"
Little Wu's evaluation shocked the Divine Citizens once again.
After all, Little Wu was the strongest warrior in their village, and also the only hope of Meng Mountain Village. Therefore, these Gods would naturally believe what he said.
But even the chief of the Sun Moon Village couldn't take him down? This was too much!
"How is that possible?!"
"I think this kid has some strength, but he's far from that stage!"
"Little Wu, are you saying this because you're afraid of fighting?"
Little Wu blinked his eyes and continued, "Because he's also a Divine Proof Realm martial artist, just like the chief of the Sun Moon Village."
"Divine … Divine Proof Realm martial artist!"
"Realm Lord?"
"Is he really that strong?"
The Divine Citizens widened their eyes again and looked at Luo Zheng with fear, as if they were looking at a monster.
Luo Zheng didn't understand at first. What was a Divine Proof Realm martial artist?
But when someone mentioned the Realm Lord, Luo Zheng suddenly understood!
The strongest level in the universe was the Celestial Lord, and the Celestial Lord was an achievement that could only be achieved by being bestowed the Mandate of Heaven. In fact, it was essentially a title.
However, True Gods were extremely rare in the universe. Even if there were, they would be brought to the universe by the Jiang family after they were apotheosized. Not to mention ordinary people, even the Realm Lords rarely knew about it. For example, Hua Tianming's apotheosizing this time was only known by a very small number of people in the Demi-Immortal clan.
However, the number of True Gods in the Divine Realm was quite large, and True Gods were not rare here.
After cultivating to the Sector Lord level, the 'living beings of the same level' who wouldn't be restricted by the Heavenly Dao would naturally have to prove their Divine Dao and charge towards the True God level. Therefore, the Sector Lord level was the so-called Proving God level martial artist …
"Am I right?" Little Wu smiled at Luo Zheng, as if he was also seeking confirmation.
In fact, Little Wu couldn't see Luo Zheng's cultivation level. As a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist, he could only see through the cultivation level of the Extreme Divine Realm. However, since he couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation level, and he couldn't feel the unique "Force" of a True God from Luo Zheng, it was easy for him to determine that Luo Zheng's cultivation level was at the Realm Lord.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, "Yes, I am indeed a Divine Proof Realm martial artist."
Little Wu cupped his hands and bowed to Luo Zheng, "We Meng Village people were reckless just now. I apologize on behalf of everyone. Please come in."
The little boy who had been hiding in the back rushed out and said to Little Wu, "Big brother, is he really not a bad guy sent by the Sun Moon Stockade?" His big blinking eyes were filled with doubt. He thought he had spent a lot of effort to trick Luo Zheng into coming here, but he didn't expect it to turn into a farce.
Little Wu reached out his hand and heavily knocked on the little boy's head, "You still have the nerve to say that! You are the one who caused all of this! If he was really sent by the Sun Moon Stockade, you would have been dead by now … "
The atmosphere suddenly relaxed, and all the Gods seemed to believe Little Wu's words. At least, Luo Zheng didn't have any hostility.
After Little Wu entered the village, Luo Zheng was led to the biggest pavilion in the village.
In the middle of the pavilion, there was a brazier, and above the brazier, there was a big wok. It seemed like something was cooking in the wok, and it emitted a thick meaty aroma.
Luo Zheng's gaze lingered on the flame for a moment. He couldn't see through the law hidden in the flame at first glance.
Then, he looked at the wood that was burning, and there was a faint golden light. He roughly understood that the wood used to make the fire was probably an extremely precious material in the universe.
No wonder Refined God's son was so excited when he saw the materials in the immortal abode. The materials used by ordinary Gods in the Realm of the Gods were all extraordinary in the universe …
However, in the eyes of these Gods, a Divine Warrior seemed to have a very high status. At least, at this moment, everyone was very respectful to Luo Zheng, and treated him as a guest.
At this moment, Little Wu asked, "Friend, where did you come from? Why did you come to our Meng Village? "
Earlier in the universe, Xingwei had taught Luo Zheng a set of excuses. It was necessary to hide one's identity. In the Realm of the Gods, one had to make up a fake identity.
Luo Zheng organized the information in his mind, and said in an orderly manner, "I am Luo Tianxing, and I came from the outer realm. But to be honest, I got lost in the Vast Sky Domain, and I accidentally stumbled into that vegetable field …"
"Lost in the Vast Sky Domain …" Little Wu was slightly stunned, and there was a faint look of disbelief on his face.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1737
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that if he casually made up a story, there would always be some parts that would not hold water.
But the less information he revealed, the lower the possibility of him being exposed. So, it didn't matter whether they believed him or not.
Furthermore, these people were just some God's people, and it was impossible for them to find out anything about him.
Just as Luo Zheng had expected, Little Wu didn't linger on this issue. Instead, he told Luo Zheng that their small village was very far away in the Vast Sky Domain. Even the nearest God's City was very far away. Therefore, he wanted to invite Luo Zheng to stay in Meng Village for the time being.
Meng Village was facing a great enemy, and Luo Zheng was a Divine Warrior. Luo Zheng had expected this kind of invitation. So, Luo Zheng gladly agreed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had agreed, Little Wu was overjoyed. "My friend, you must be tired after coming all the way here. Ah Wen, go and get two pots of good wine …"
After that, Little Wu opened the big pot in front of him, and a rich meat aroma immediately spread out in the loft.
Luo Zheng had already abstained from eating for a long time, but when he smelled the meat aroma, his appetite was aroused. According to Little Wu's introduction, the meat in the pot was peeled off from the Iron Fang Beast.
As a Divine Realm warrior, he had also abstained from eating. But, eating the meat of this ferocious beast could increase his strength. Although this beast was nothing in the eyes of those True Gods, it was still a precious ingredient among the God's people.
After being polite, Luo Zheng swallowed a few pieces of meat. Immediately, he felt a warm feeling in his body. The energy emitted from this meat was even purer than the energy from the top level ferocious beasts in the Forbidden Land of God!
But, Luo Zheng wasn't surprised. The Forbidden Land of God was the world inside Saint Jiu's body, and the living beings there were created by Saint Jiu's Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi. So, they were still second-level living beings. Although the Iron Fang Beast's level was low, it was still a living being of the same level. It was created from Chaos, and there was still a big difference between them.
After eating and drinking, the people of Meng Village arranged another comfortable loft for Luo Zheng to stay.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't need to sleep. He hadn't forgotten that his Dantian had been sealed …
Along the way, Luo Zheng tried his best to control the golden blood in his body to wash the black lines on his Dantian. These black lines were extremely stubborn. After washing for so long, only two or three black lines were broken, which made Luo Zheng very anxious.
At this stage, Luo Zheng's greatest goal was to recover his strength as quickly as possible. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for him to advance in God's Domain.
And from the looks of it, although the village was peaceful, there was still a great enemy before them. According to what Little Wu had said, there were many martial artists in the Sun Moon Stronghold and there were even Proof of Divinity cultivators, which was the Sector Lord Realm!
It wasn't that Luo Zheng hadn't come into contact with World Lord Realm martial artists in the God Domain. A few years ago in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, there were quite a number of God Domain geniuses that had been defeated by Luo Zheng. Moreover, they were all from large clans in the God Domain.
However, with his Dantian sealed, Luo Zheng had too few means to rely on. His strength was greatly reduced. Originally, it was not a problem, but now it was a problem for Luo Zheng.
One night passed …
Luo Zheng continued to wash it with his blood, but he only managed to break four black threads. However, there were more than a hundred black threads entwined around it. It seemed that it would take at least a month for it to be done.
"Huff huff …"
"Huff huff …"
"The sword guards the Dantian, the eyes determine the universe, strength meets strength, step on the square!"
At dawn, there was the sound of swords clashing outside the house. Someone was practicing swordsmanship outside.
Luo Zheng got up and opened the door. He saw Little Wu holding a shiny cyan-steel sword and practicing swordsmanship …
Although Luo Zheng didn't recognize that set of swordsmanship, his understanding of swordsmanship had reached the level of "Anatta Sword", which was far beyond the level of a great grandmaster. How sharp was his vision? At a glance, he could see that this set of swordsmanship was quite simple, so simple that it made people's hair stand on end.
It seemed that these divine citizens didn't surpass second-level life forms in all aspects, Luo Zheng thought to himself.
In this universe, let alone a Divine Transformation realm martial artist, even a Life and Death realm or Divine Sea realm martial artist would have reached the level of a great grandmaster in their comprehension of the sword. The swordsmanship they practiced was ever-changing, each with its own subtleties!
But although this Little Wu had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation, the swordsmanship he used was quite ordinary. It was only a variation of the basic swordsmanship, and because of this variation, it was far inferior to the basic swordsmanship in terms of flexibility.
Thinking about it carefully, these divine citizens were born with an innate divine strength. If they could use the heaven and earth origin energy of the Realm of the Gods, then they would be able to open the Divine Sea realm and become a Divine Sea realm powerhouse. This wasn't strange at all.
After all, a Divine Sea realm martial artist in the Realm of the Gods was roughly equivalent to a "Xiantian life form" in the lower realms of the universe. They had just started on the path of martial arts. As for Little Wu, as a Divine Transformation realm martial artist, he had only taken the second step. Moreover, this Little Wu was only an ordinary villager from a remote mountain village. To be able to cultivate to the Divine Transformation realm was already an astonishing talent, so how could he possibly have any good swordsmanship to practice?
Besides Little Wu, there was also a group of sword-wielding children by his side.
These children probably couldn't get their hands on a sword, so they could only use twigs and sticks as substitutes. But, they followed Little Wu's example …
The twigs in the children's hands, if placed in the universe, could be exchanged for a decent quality Saint artifact?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. No matter where you went, there would always be people who were inclined towards the path of martial arts. Then, he walked down the stairs of the loft.
"Be serious!" Little Wu put even more effort into his swordsmanship. As for the children, they couldn't keep up with Little Wu's rhythm and began to sway left and right. The only one who could barely keep up with Little Wu's movements was the little boy who carried Luo Zheng out of the vegetable field last night.
Luo Zheng already knew that this little boy's name was Little Wen. He was Little Wu's younger brother.
Seeing Little Wu's messy footwork, Luo Zheng stood with his hands behind his back and said indifferently, "If you want to practice the sword, you have to practice the footwork first. This mnemonic, 'Take square steps', is wrong. Although the sword is hard, it can also be straight. If you can only take square steps, it will inevitably affect the flexibility of your hands. If your swordsmanship loses its spirituality, then what is the point of practicing the sword? It's better to use a spear! "
Although these words sounded a bit harsh, with Luo Zheng's understanding of the way of the sword, he was completely qualified to make such an evaluation.
However, Little Wu, whose back was facing Luo Zheng, suddenly gave Little Wen a meaningful look!
Little Wen immediately put away the wooden sword in his hand. "Hmph, what nonsense are you talking about? My brother's swordsmanship was learned from Jing Cheng. This' Soaring Eagle Swordsmanship 'is extraordinarily ingenious. How can it lose its spirituality in your mouth?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He opened the door and saw Little Wu leading the group of children to practice swordsmanship methodically. He knew that Little Wu had already discussed with them and wanted him to teach them a few moves. He was probably afraid that he wouldn't agree, so he used this method to provoke him.
He stared intently at Little Wen. Although there was a smile in his eyes, a faint aura was released. This aura wasn't enough to kill, but it could give the child a certain amount of pressure.
Little Wen was very scheming, but under Luo Zheng's stare, his expression immediately became flustered and his face turned pale. The other children also stared blankly at Luo Zheng, their faces revealing fear.
Seeing the children's expressions, Luo Zheng's heart softened. Forget it, there was no point in arguing with a group of children. He said to Little Wu, "If you need guidance, just ask. I, Luo Zheng, am not a stingy person. Why bother to belittle me?"
When Little Wu and the other children heard this, their faces were filled with surprise. They had rehearsed for this moment for a long time, but now it seemed that their efforts had been wasted …
Even in the Realm of the Gods, cultivation wasn't something that ordinary Gods could come into contact with.
Golden Cores, cultivation methods, resources, teachers …
To the Gods, these were things that they could only hope for but not reach. As for the legendary Dao Tablets, they were nothing more than legends to the Gods.
Although Luo Zheng wasn't a True God, as a Proof of Divinity martial artist, they naturally didn't want to let him go. It was just that they didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so easy to talk to …
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his figure flashed slightly. He casually touched Little Wen's hand, and the wooden sword was already in Luo Zheng's hand.
Although this wooden sword was a child's toy, its weight was actually more than ten thousand pounds. Although Little Wen was only seven or eight years old, he was still a God. He couldn't be measured by the eyes of the universe.
"Practice the sword first. Watch carefully!"

Chapter 1738
When this set of sword steps was displayed, Little Wu, Little Wen, and the other children's eyes shone brightly.
The Flying Eagle Swordsmanship that Little Wu had used previously also allowed Luo Zheng to understand the bizarre aspects of the Divine Region. Those disciples who relied on the True God's family practiced extremely exquisite martial arts. Perhaps they had been comprehended by the Sages, and subsequently passed on to the Divine Path in the Tablet of Dao!
However, the distance between them and ordinary God citizens was extremely far, so the gap between them was frighteningly large.
Even if these God citizens were naturally born with divine strength after they reached adulthood, and had a stronger perception than the martial artists of the Realm of the Gods, it was still very difficult for them to come into contact with some of the basic martial arts in the universe! As for why this situation had occurred, Luo Zheng did not know.
Perhaps it was because this small mountain village was really too remote, or perhaps it was because the Realm of the Gods had formed such a situation over countless years. This question could only be solved by himself in the future.
However, although these God citizens did not possess any powerful martial arts manuals, their physiques were there, and their vision was not bad. When they saw Luo Zheng's sword steps, their eyes immediately lit up!
"Huhuhuhu …"
After ascending to the Upper Realm, moves gradually became less important when fighting against martial artists. Luo Zheng could only abandon many techniques.
However, there were many restrictions in the Realm of the Gods. Luo Zheng also understood that when fighting against those True Gods, these methods could often play a role in turning the tide!
After this set of sword steps was completed, Luo Zheng put away his wooden sword and said indifferently, "This set of sword steps is only the most basic steps on the path of the Sword Dao. However, if you can master it, you can lay a solid foundation. You can use your heart to experience it …"
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Little Wu and the other children's eyes, which had been shining, became confused again …
They had too little contact with martial arts. Although they knew the profoundness of this sword step, how could they comprehend its true meaning in a short period of time?
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng curled his lips. These guys seemed to be even more stupid than he had imagined. When he had first comprehended the sword steps, he had purely followed Hua Tianming's rhythm. It was almost equivalent to learning without a teacher. These God citizens' perception was still somewhat lacking.
"Let me demonstrate it again …" Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"Wait a minute! Let me try! "
Xiao Wen stood up and asked for his wooden sword from Luo Zheng. With a light shake of the long sword, his left leg slid forward as if he was sliding on ice. With this step, his whole body immediately became incomparably agile.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Xiao Wen's movements were much slower than Luo Zheng's. After she took a step, she had to think for a while before she could take the second step. Sometimes, she even took the wrong step.
But in the end, he still managed to perform the sword steps that Luo Zheng had just demonstrated!
After Xiao Wen sheathed her sword, Luo Zheng praised, "Not bad. Although you are not flexible enough, you have already grasped the pattern. Otherwise, you would not have been able to remember all my steps. You have the highest comprehension ability!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's praise, Xiaowen was so happy that she almost jumped up from the ground.
On the other hand, Xiao Wen's brother, Xiao Wu, revealed a gloomy expression!
In the deep mountains of the Vast Sky Domain, every village would train their own warriors. After all, there would occasionally be ferocious creatures appearing in the divine mountains. Sometimes, there would also be ferocious creatures wreaking havoc in the vegetable fields. Sometimes, there would even be conflicts with the divine people of other villages. Therefore, the warriors of the village would have to act.
Xiao Wu was a warrior that Meng Mountain Village had spent a lot of resources to train. Unfortunately, Xiao Wu's talent was average. Plus, Meng Mountain Village was not rich, so the resources they could provide were quite limited. Therefore, Xiao Wu's strength was also average.
Now that he saw his brother's talent, which seemed to have far surpassed his own, he felt both gloomy and happy for his brother. In his mind, he was wondering if he should let Xiao Wen become his disciple …
For the next few days, Luo Zheng had been teaching them the sword steps.
On one hand, he could learn more about the Vast Sky Domain. On the other hand, this place allowed him to feel at ease and untie the black lines in his dantian.
The villagers of Meng Mountain Village were very simple and honest. They knew that Luo Zheng was a Divine Warrior, and he taught the children swordsmanship every day. Naturally, they were very grateful. Every day, they would cook the best mountain products in the village and give them to Luo Zheng.
At the same time, these villagers also had all kinds of speculations about Luo Zheng's background.
The divine people were not stupid. An unknown Divine Warrior staying in their small mountain village was most likely because he had done something wrong and was hiding from his enemies. However, Meng Mountain Village was so remote that even if there were any enemies, they would not be able to find this place. Therefore, they were not too worried.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng had been in Meng Mountain Village for more than half a month, and half of the black lines in his dantian had already been dissolved. In another half a month, he should be able to untie all of the black lines. Moreover, Luo Zheng finally had a relatively trustworthy understanding of the Vast Sky Domain. Once the black lines were completely dissolved, he would leave.
These divine people's martial talent was actually not weak. It was just that their foundation was too weak. Even though they had a body full of strength, it was difficult for them to display it. Xiao Wu had just barely grasped the knack of the sword steps. With his Divine Transformation realm cultivation, he could barely use it, but it was still not flexible enough.
As for Xiao Wen's talent, it was indeed beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Although he had yet to open his Divine Sea, he had only spent three days to master the sword steps. This talent could not be measured by ordinary standards. He had a very outstanding talent.
Thus, according to Xiao Wen's characteristics, Luo Zheng derived a few basic sword skills and created a set of sword skills to teach him …
These days, Xiao Wen had been practicing his sword skills day and night. On this day, as he saw Luo Zheng walk out of his loft, he suddenly threw away his wooden sword and knelt down in front of Luo Zheng. "Master, please accept a bow from your disciple!"
He actually wanted to become Luo Zheng's disciple!
If this were the universe, Luo Zheng indeed had the qualifications to establish his own sect. He even had the ability to create a great force in the universe. Taking Xiao Wen as his disciple would not be a problem.
But in the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng was only a Proof of Divinity martial artist. His future path was still very difficult. Even if he took Xiao Wen as his disciple, it would still be difficult to take care of him. He faintly smiled and said, "I'm sorry, but I am unable to take you as my disciple right now."
It was Xiao Wu's idea to let Xiao Wen become his disciple. Xiao Wu knew that his talent was not enough to catch Luo Zheng's eyes. If his brother could be taken as a disciple by a Proof of Divinity martial artist, of course, it would be much smoother than blindly cultivating on his own. This was an opportunity that should not be missed.
But they did not expect that Luo Zheng would reject them without even thinking about it.
"Why, why, I, I'm very obedient! Master! "Xiao Wen raised his head and said with a stutter.
Xiao Wu also chimed in, "That's right, why can't you take my brother as your disciple?"
Of course, Luo Zheng could not explain his background to them. He just shook his head faintly, then looked at Xiao Wen and said, "Why do you cultivate martial arts? If it is to protect the people of Meng Village, then the sword skills I've taught you now, and your talent is enough. "
Although Luo Zheng had not come into contact with the other martial artists of the Vast Sky Domain, but from the reaction of the people of Meng Village, he could make a rough guess. Judging from the cultivation techniques, other than the Divine Dao and the top cultivation techniques, the Divine Realm was not much stronger than Huan Yu in other aspects. After all, almost all the inheritances in Huan Yu came from the Sages!
Of course, this was only for the ordinary God's people and martial artists. For example, the cultivation techniques of the Han Jia sisters that Luo Zheng encountered in the Forbidden Land of God were also extraordinary. After all, they also had the inheritances of the Sages.
"No!" Xiao Wen denied Luo Zheng's words, "The reason I cultivate martial arts is not only to protect Meng Village! I, I want … to attain the Divine Dao! "
Xiao Wu, who was standing at the side, was so surprised that he could not close his mouth. Xiao Wu had never thought that his brother had such a dream.
In the Divine Realm, the God's people and the True Gods were the absolute dividing line!
Once one succeeded in attaining the Divine Dao, it meant that one would have an unlimited lifespan and unlimited possibilities.
However, although there were a lot of True Gods in the Divine Realm, it did not mean that attaining the Divine Dao was easy.

Chapter 1739
Within Xiao Wen's black eyes, there seemed to be two balls of fire burning.
Looking at this child's resolute eyes, Luo Zheng's heart was touched. This little guy had a shadow of himself in the past, firm and resolute in his beliefs!
Whether it was the Martial Dao or the Dao of Godhood, it was a path to constantly grow stronger. Whether this path had an end or not, Luo Zheng could not answer. However, once one stepped on this path, one must have the belief to constantly improve.
If Xiao Wen only wanted to protect Meng Village, there was no need for him to become Luo Zheng's disciple.
"Sorry … Now, not yet," Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words turn for the better, Xiao Wen's eyes flashed slightly as he asked, "Now is not the time, then when?"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and raised his head to look at the sky of Changkong Domain. A bright sun hung in the sky, emitting a dazzling light. That was the real sun, the only sun in the Realm of the Gods …
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng replied, "If one day, you can hear my name in Changkong Domain, come and find me!"
Luo Zheng came here for revenge, and the possibility of him dying was too high.
If one day, he could face Mu Haiji and protect himself, then he would be qualified to establish a sect in the Realm of the Gods and protect his family!
"The day you become famous in Changkong Domain!" Xiao Wen smiled.
"That's too difficult …" Xiao Wu curled his lips. He felt that although a Divine Proof Expert was powerful, he was not a True God. Although Changkong Domain was not a large domain, there were still many True Gods. Even if Luo Zheng succeeded in proving himself as a True God, it would still be difficult for him to become famous in Changkong Domain!
What Little Wu didn't know was that Luo Zheng's goal wasn't to make a name for himself in a single domain. He wanted to make a name for himself in the entire Divine Domain, on the floating island in the Sea of Time, and in the Sage Hall!
"It's okay, I can wait! I believe you can do it, no, I believe you can do it, Master! "Xiao Wen was full of confidence in Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. Just as he was about to speak, he suddenly heard a scream coming from the entrance of the village. "Ah —"
When the miserable screams were heard, the entire Meng Village was shocked.
"Save me!"
"It's the people from the Sun Moon Village!"
"Someone is dead!"
These divine people were not warriors. When they saw someone being killed, they immediately panicked like ants on a hot pan. Even the villagers of Meng Village were howling in grief, covering their heads and fleeing like rats.
Even Little Wu, who was at the Divine Transformation Realm, was flustered, let alone the ordinary Divine Citizens. "They really did come …"
The only one who remained calm was probably Luo Zheng. He slightly frowned and rushed towards the top of the pavilion. At the same time, Luo Zheng lightly hooked the wooden sword on the ground with the tip of his foot. At the same time, Luo Zheng jumped towards the top of the pavilion and caught the wooden sword.
After jumping onto the top of the pavilion, Luo Zheng was like a grasshopper, jumping up and down on the pavilion. He was as agile as a cat, not making a single sound.
In just a few breaths time, he had found his way to the entrance of the village. When he glanced around, a wisp of anger burst out from his eyes!
In front of the entrance of Meng Village, a group of seven warriors was blocking the entrance with green blades in their hands. Under their feet were two divine people. These two divine people were the villagers of Meng Village. One of them had his neck chopped off, and the other was chopped in half. This method was extraordinarily cruel!
"Hmph, our Village Chief gave you three months to leave Meng Village. Since you refused a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit, don't blame us, the Sun Moon Village!" The leader of the group waved the green blade in his hand and grinned hideously. The reason he killed these two divine people was to frighten the villagers of Meng Village and drive them away.
"Since you don't want to leave, then you don't have to. Our Village Chief has said that the blades in our hands need to be constantly fed with blood in order to become sharp. Brothers, except for the women, kill all of them, including the elderly and the children!" The warrior waved the blade in his hand and led the other six warriors behind him in a charge.
Luo Zheng had stayed in this village for more than half a month. The villagers of Meng Village were simple and hospitable, so naturally, Luo Zheng was very angry when they were killed for no reason. However, this anger quickly disappeared from his eyes. Being able to suppress the emotions in his heart at any time was an ability that a mature warrior should have!
Most of the villagers were running away in panic, but there were still some brave villagers who held up their spears and went up to meet the warriors. Unfortunately, these villagers only had powerful strength, but their overall strength was pitifully weak. How could they be a match for those warriors?
Thump! Thump!
A green blade flashed, and the spears in the hands of those villagers were instantly cut in half. The leader of the group had a cold smile on his face. He waved the green blade in his hand again, and was about to chop off the head of one of the villagers!
"Now is the time …"
Luo Zheng shot down from the roof of a building on the side. Before he landed on the ground, he hit the ground with his elbow, then he spun forward and thrust the wooden sword in his hand forward!
This wooden sword weighed more than ten thousand pounds, so the green blade in the hands of this Divine Realm warrior must weigh at least a few hundred thousand pounds. Luo Zheng's Dantian couldn't circulate, so naturally, he couldn't channel the Chaotic Energy into the wooden sword. Therefore, he didn't want to fight this green blade head on.
However, it was just as Luo Zheng had predicted. The cultivation methods of ordinary martial artists were simply too weak. Even if these martial artists were at the Ultimate Divine Realm, their saber techniques were still too horrible to look at in Luo Zheng's eyes!
Thud!
Luo Zheng's wooden sword was like a spirit snake coming out of its hole, and he took the initiative to touch the warrior's wrist.
Although he was only using the strength of his mortal body, it was still enough to make this Divine Realm martial artist suffer. The moment the wooden sword touched the ground, there was a crisp "Kacha" sound. The blue saber in the martial artist's hand fell to the ground with a "Clang" sound. The martial artist clutched his wrist and howled in pain. His wrist bone had already been shattered!
Alas, these Divine Realm warriors were too weak …
In the universe, not to mention Divine Realm warriors, even Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors wouldn't change their expressions even if they lost a wrist. Even if they lost an arm, they would still be able to face the enemy calmly.
Luo Zheng thought so in his heart, but he still dashed forward and attacked without the slightest hesitation!
The rest of the Divine Realm warriors could only see Luo Zheng's figure flashing, and they all swung their blades at Luo Zheng. But with their lousy blade techniques, how could they hit Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was like a nimble deer, constantly dodging these rough blades, and whenever he saw an opportunity, he would reach out his hand and thrust his sword! Every time the wooden sword was thrust, it would accurately hit the opponent's wrist. Along with the sound of bones breaking, the green blade fell to the ground.
In just a few breaths of time, the seven Divine Realm warriors were all holding their wrists and screaming in pain …
When the villagers of Meng Village saw this scene, they were all stunned, including Little Wu and the others. They had just arrived, but the battle had already ended!
"Brother, is our master really a Divine Realm warrior?" Little Wen asked in a low voice.
Little Wen had never seen the strength of a Divine Realm warrior, she had only heard about it from her brother. But a Divine Realm warrior shouldn't be as strong as Luo Zheng.
"I, I'm not sure," Little Wu's heart was beating like a drum. He couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation level, but a Divine Realm warrior shouldn't be able to defeat seven Divine Realm warriors in a few breaths of time, right? Could this Luo Tianxing be a True God? But he didn't have the unique aura of a True God …
"Kid, who are you? We are from the Sun and Moon Stockade, and you are our stockade chief … "The leader of the group of Divine Realm warriors held his arm and stared at Luo Zheng furiously. Of course, he had noticed that Luo Zheng was a Proving Divinity Warrior. At this moment, he wanted to use the name of the Sun and Moon Stockade to drive this kid away. A small village like Meng Village would never have a Proving Divinity Warrior!
However, this Extreme Divine Stage martial artist had only opened his mouth halfway when Luo Zheng raised the tip of his foot, and a stone had already arrived with a whistling sound, heavily smashing into his lower jaw. With his entire lower jaw shattered, let alone speak, he couldn't even let out a blood-curdling scream.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1740
In the Realm of the Gods, even a small stone could weigh about four to five hundred pounds. Therefore, the force of Luo Zheng's kick was not weak at all.
Since the leader of the group couldn't threaten Luo Zheng, another warrior beside him could take over the conversation. After all, the Sun and Moon Village was their backing, and the source of their confidence …
But just as this warrior was about to open his mouth, Luo Zheng kicked again, and another stone flew out, accurately hitting the warrior's jaw.
"Thud!"
Thus, this warrior's jaw was also shattered.
When the other warriors saw this, how could they dare to open their mouths to threaten others? They all shut their mouths tightly, fearing that a stone would come flying at them if they opened their mouths!
"You guys deal with these people," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"They killed Sixth Brother and Uncle Lin! We must avenge them! "
"Kill them!"
"… …"
A life for a life, this was a universal principle.
The angry villagers rushed forward with spears in their hands.
Although the villagers of Meng Village were kind, they didn't show any mercy to the murderers who killed their own people.
When the warriors saw this, they immediately turned around and ran. Although Luo Zheng had broken their wrists, their legs were still intact.
But just as they turned around, Luo Zheng kicked the stones with one foot, one by one.
The pebbles carried a great force as they accurately hit the back of their legs. The impact of the pebbles directly broke their leg bones!
"Plop, plop, plop … …"
For a moment, the six cultivators all fell to the ground. Since the cultivators with broken legs were unable to fly, they could only drag their broken legs and slowly crawl.
The villagers carried their spears and rushed forward, poking these warriors into a hornet's nest … …
Luo Zheng didn't stay to watch this bloody scene. In fact, ever since he ascended to the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng had rarely killed anyone. Moreover, in a high-level fight, even if he killed someone, it didn't look so cruel. Unlike now, where blood was spilled all over the ground, it was extremely cruel.
After killing all the warriors from Sun Moon Camp, the villagers of Meng Village buried the bodies of Sixth Brother and Uncle Lin.
Only then did the angry villagers feel a lingering fear.
Ever since the conflict between Meng Mountain village and Sun Moon Village broke out, no one had died. Before this, Sun Moon Village only taught a few Meng Mountain villagers a lesson, then gave them a deadline to move out.
Who would have thought that when the time came, the Sun and Moon Village would start killing people. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, perhaps Meng Village would have already been massacred by Luo Zheng.
Inside the biggest pavilion, all the influential villagers of Meng Mountain Village had gathered together. They were discussing how to deal with the Sun Moon Village, as killing the warriors of the Sun Moon Village was tantamount to breaking off all pretense of cordiality. What if the Chief of the Sun Moon Village came here to kill them?
Luo Zheng sat in a corner of the pavilion with his eyes closed. He silently operated his own blood vessels, rushing towards the black line above his dantian …
After being bound by the black line, he couldn't connect to the world inside his body. However, during this period of time, he could vaguely feel that something had changed in his world inside his body. This made Luo Zheng feel worried.
The flow of time in his world inside his body was extremely fast. Normally, when he was cultivating, Luo Zheng would peek into his world every few hours to prevent the creatures in this world from fighting each other. Occasionally, some clans would start a war, wanting to carry out a large-scale massacre, but they would be stopped by Luo Zheng in time.
During this period of time, after his dantian was sealed, he couldn't find out how far his world inside his body had evolved, or what had happened inside. He could only wait until these black lines were broken.
"Why don't we just leave? If the Sun and Moon Stockade attacks us, won't all of us die?! "
"Leave? Why should we leave? This place has been our Meng Mountain village's territory for generations. How can they just take it away like that? What kind of logic is that? "
"Speaking of which, our Meng Mountain village is a desolate place. What's the point of the Sun Moon Village coming here? They just have to go against us!"
The voices of those Gods became louder and louder. When Luo Zheng heard the last sentence, he slightly opened his eyes.
Indeed …
There was nothing important in this village. Outside of Meng Mountain village, there was only a flat and wide vegetable field. Why would the Sun Moon Village want this vegetable field?
"What are you afraid of? Why don't we just ask our benefactor to destroy the Sun Moon Village?" A God suddenly said with a loud voice.
This God said what everyone was thinking. Almost at the same time, all the people of Meng Mountain village turned their heads and looked at Luo Zheng. This' Luo Tianxing 'was their only hope. But, would Luo Tianxing be willing to take such a big risk to help them stop the Sun Moon Village?
Little Wu and Little Wen sat on the side, not saying a word.
This Luo Tianxing had suddenly appeared in this remote mountain village, taught them martial skills, taught them the Dao of Sword, and even helped them stop the Sun Moon Village. He had done more than enough. If they still hoped that he would help them eliminate the Sun Moon Village, it would be too much.
The entire attic suddenly became quiet. No one dared to ask Luo Zheng for help.
Sitting in the corner, Luo Zheng looked at the ceiling and said, "I'll be staying in Meng Village for another fifteen days. After fifteen days, I'll leave. Thank you for taking care of me. If those people from Sun and Moon Camp dare to come again, I won't stand by and do nothing."
This was the guarantee that Luo Zheng could give. He didn't know where the Sun Moon Village came from, but judging from the subordinates of the Sun Moon Village, the leader of the Sun Moon Village couldn't be very powerful. Even if Luo Zheng couldn't use the Chaotic Energy now, it wouldn't be difficult to deal with them.
However, Luo Zheng guessed that the Sun Moon Village might have a higher level of power behind it. With Luo Zheng's current strength, if he offended a True God, he would be in big trouble.
He didn't want to be chased around by a group of True Gods after entering the Divine Realm. If he wasn't careful, he might even lose his life. That would be too unfair.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he closed his eyes again. Meanwhile, the people in the attic were whispering to each other.
With the Sun Moon Village's rude and unreasonable character, if they killed their men today, they would probably come to find them tomorrow. Luo Zheng's promise was already a great help!
The villagers of Meng Mountain village spent the night in anxiety …
The next day, Luo Zheng still had a calm expression on his face as he taught Xiao Wen, Xiao Wu, and the others how to practice the sword.
Halfway through her practice, Xiao Wen blinked her big eyes and said to Luo Zheng, "Actually, you should leave Meng Mountain village now!"
"Why do you say that?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"The Sun Moon Village won't let this go easily, and you are alone." Xiao Wen's face showed a worried expression.
Xiao Wu and the others probably had the same thought. They knew that Luo Zheng's background was definitely not ordinary. Perhaps, he had no choice but to hide in Meng Mountain village. If he got involved in the dispute of the Sun Moon Village, he might expose himself. This was definitely not a wise choice.
The villagers also understood this, but Luo Zheng was their only hope. How could they be willing to let him go?
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It's okay …"
He already knew that the nearest big city to Meng Mountain village was called Mirror City, but it was still hundreds of billions of miles away.
Mirror City was one of the seven Divine Cities in the Vast Sky Domain. Only Mirror City had True Divinities. Even if the Sun Moon Village invited strong reinforcements, they wouldn't be able to find him in a short period of time.
Just as the villagers of Meng Mountains had expected, the Sun Moon Village had sent seven warriors here a day ago, but none of them had returned. This had aroused the suspicion of the Sun Moon Village. Therefore, they sent someone to investigate and found that the seven warriors had been killed by the Divine People, stripped naked and thrown into the wilderness.
The chief of the Sun Moon Village was furious. He immediately led his men and charged toward Meng Mountain village.
As a Proof of Divinity Warrior, the chief was still very careful. He knew the abilities of his men. Seven Ultimate God Realm warriors were more than enough to slaughter the entire Meng Mountain village. But now, all seven of them were killed. There must be something strange going on.
When the chief arrived at Meng Mountain village with thirty to forty warriors, he saw a young man sitting quietly at the entrance of the village.
"A Proof of Divinity Warrior!"
As a Proof of Divinity Warrior, the chief's vision was much better than ordinary people. With just a glance, he could tell that Luo Zheng was not an ordinary person. Although Luo Zheng was trying to hide his aura, the aura that was casually leaking out from him still shocked the chief.
"I'll ensure the safety of Meng Mountain village. If you leave this place, I'll spare your life." Luo Zheng was the first to speak.
When the voice was heard, the subordinates of the chief immediately boiled up, as if they had been greatly insulted.
"Who do you think you are! Quickly kowtow to our chief and apologize, then apologize with your life! "
"You're just a Proof of Divinity Warrior, and you think you're the strongest in the world? Our chief will make you regret being born!"
"… …"
"Shut up, all of you!"

Chapter 1741
After countless eras of development, the Martial Dao in the Divine Realm had reached an absolute bottleneck.
Once a God was born, the height he could reach and the achievements he could achieve was basically determined, and all the social classes were basically fixed …
For a small mountain village like Meng Village, the chances of a strong warrior coming out of it was close to zero!
Although the chief of Sun Moon Stockade was furious, his eyes were very sharp. With just a glance, he could tell that Luo Zheng was not an ordinary person. Therefore, he had a strong sense of vigilance in his heart. Therefore, he asked about Luo Zheng's master first, because he wanted to know about Luo Zheng's background.
"My master?"
Luo Zheng glanced at this man indifferently, then said in an indifferent tone, "You don't have the right to know."
When those subordinates who had been scolded by the chief heard Luo Zheng's words, they immediately began to shout and scold him …
But just as those subordinates opened their mouths to speak, Luo Zheng had already flicked the small pebbles that were hidden in his fingers. Along with the sharp sound of breaking through the air, those warriors who were scolding had their jaws broken by Luo Zheng's pebbles, rolling on the ground in pain.
The chief of Sun Moon Stockade stood still. Even if Luo Zheng didn't attack, he knew that he was no match for this man. Since this man didn't want to tell him his master's background, he could only change his words and say, "My friend, to be honest, our Sun Moon Stockade is also working for someone! That person is not someone you can afford to offend. Offending that person for a Meng Village is definitely not a wise choice! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a pondering expression.
This chief of Sun Moon Stockade was a man with sharp eyes. He was not like those conceited idiots who wanted to find trouble with Luo Zheng and wanted to kill him.
Since he said he was working for someone, and that person was someone Luo Zheng couldn't afford to offend, that meant this person's cultivation base was most likely a True God expert.
The gap between Realm Lord and True God was too big. Just crossing one realm was like heaven and earth. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he didn't even have the slightest chance of winning when facing a lower True God.
Moreover, his Dantian was now bound by those black threads. It was even more impossible for him to be a match for a true god.
Noticing Luo Zheng's expression, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief laughed in his heart. This person is already hesitating. I'll hurry up a bit so that this person will know the difficulty and retreat!
This Sun Moon Stockade Chief was indeed helping someone, and that person's background was indeed quite big. At the very least, he was once one of the overlords of the Vast Sky Region!
In the past, the thirty-six islands and seventy-two strongholds in the north of the Vast Sky Region were all under this person's control. Moreover, there were seven Lower True Gods who followed this person.
Unfortunately, this person had suddenly disappeared a long time ago, and there was no news of him for dozens of eras. The thirty-six islands and seventy-two strongholds that he had once managed had all fallen apart and were rapidly falling apart.
There were only three strongholds left, and the Sun Moon Stronghold was one of them!
But, just like how the Sun Moon Camp was now in a state of decline, and all the glory and legends of the past had been completely forgotten. Even a tiny Meng Mountain village was not afraid of the Sun Moon Camp …
If it was in the past, not to mention a remote village, even the divine city of the Vast Sky Domain would not dare to underestimate the 72 strongholds and 36 islands!
But now, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief saw a great opportunity.
Because that person had returned.
Once that person was restored, the past glory would be restored. For the Sun Moon Stockade Chief, this was a great opportunity.
If it wasn't because his Sun Moon Stockade was once one of the seventy-two strongholds, he wouldn't even have the chance to talk to that person. It was also because of that person's nostalgia that he, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief, was given this opportunity.
Although the Sun Moon Stockade Chief was a Divinity Realm expert, it was just a way for Realm Lords to flatter themselves. Since the ancient times, there were too many divine people who were able to cultivate to the Realm Lord Realm, but the number of martial artists who were able to attain the Divinity Realm was very small.
If he was really valued by that person, attaining the Divinity Realm in the future wouldn't be a difficult task!
In the eyes of the Sun Moon Stockade Chief, although Luo Zheng was extraordinary, and it was highly possible that he was born in some great power, or even one of the wealthy families on the floating islands, he was still definitely not a match for that person.
However, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief didn't want to be looked down upon by that person. If he couldn't complete the task that was given to him, how could he be valued by that person in the future?
"Besides … we're just taking back the territory that belongs to us," the Sun Moon Stockade Chief added.
"Our Meng Village is your territory?"
"Nonsense!"
"We, the villagers of Meng Mountains, have been rooted here for generations. Don't you have any shame?!"
The villagers of Meng Village were hiding in the houses and pavilions in the village, quietly observing the situation outside the village. But when they heard what the Sun Moon Stockade Chief said, these divine people couldn't hold themselves back anymore. After all, they were the natives of Meng Village.
But to their surprise, when the Sun Moon Stockade Chief heard what they said, he smiled and said calmly, "Generations? How many years has it been? According to what I know, it hasn't even been one divine era since the people of Meng Village migrated here, and seven divine eras ago, this place was indeed our territory, or should I say, that person's territory! "
The lifespan of divine people was not short, but one divine era was already very long, let alone seven divine eras …
"Seven divine eras? Why don't you say one hundred? "
"There's no proof for this, it's just your side of the story!"
"I can even say that one hundred divine eras ago, the ancestors of Meng Village had also built a village here! Haha … "
The villagers of Meng Village refuted again.
But the Sun Moon Stockade Chief just smiled coldly and said, "There's no way you haven't heard of the legend of the thirty-six islands and seventy-two stockades. I'm just telling you that that person has returned. It's up to you to believe it or not!"
When that person first appeared in the Sun Moon Stockade, the Stockade Chief didn't believe it either. To the Sun Moon Stockade Chief, that was already an ancient legend.
Legends could be fake, but strength couldn't be faked. That person had the strength of an Intermediate True God.
Hearing the Sun Moon Stockade Chief's words, the villagers of Meng Village immediately quieted down. At the same time, whispers could be heard, but Luo Zheng heard all of these voices.
"Thirty-six islands and seventy-two stockades. I remember there was such a legend in the Vast Sky Domain. Our Meng Village belongs to one of those regions."
"Hmph, this is just a story made up by someone. How many divine eras ago? How can you believe something passed down from such a long time ago? "
"That's right. That person is the infamous Old Man of Extreme. But according to the legend, he died a long time ago, and those stockades and islands have also collapsed."
"…"
Although the voices of these discussions were soft, Luo Zheng heard every single word. When he heard the words' Old Man of Extreme ', he raised his eyebrows slightly. The corner of his mouth curled up slightly, revealing an indescribable smile. He stared at the Sun Moon Stockade Chief and asked, "The person you are talking about, is he really the Old Man of Extreme?"
It was still inconvenient to spread the news of the Old Man of Extreme's return to the outside world. At the very least, he had to help the Old Man of Extreme retrieve all the things he buried in Meng Village.

Chapter 1742
The people of Meng Village did not believe that the Evil Old Man had returned.
After all, this legend had been around for too long. Most of the people in the legends had already passed away. It was indeed hard to believe that they would suddenly reappear one day.
However, Luo Zheng believed it because Luo Zheng had personally released the Evil Old Man.
Previously, after Luo Zheng had released the Evil Old Man, the Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster had charged into the Takixuan Forest. Then, the Immortal Abode had been attacked by a group of ferocious creatures from the divine realm.
Luo Zheng did not know if the two of them had died in the hands of those creatures. At that time, Luo Zheng was also worried that the Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster would not be able to survive against those creatures in the Takixuan Forest, no matter how powerful the Evil Old Man and the big-mouthed monster were.
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng's worries were unnecessary. The Evil Old Man had been imprisoned for so long. As soon as he was released, he immediately tried to restore his former glory and status. Coincidentally, the Evil Old Man's lair was in the Vast Sky Territory!
"If you don't believe me, the next person to come here will not be me, but the Evil Old Man himself," the Sun Moon Stockade Chief said.
A peak mid-level True God was not to be underestimated in the divine realm!
With such a backer, the Sun Moon Stockade's status in the future would be greatly improved. The Sun Moon Stockade Chief was naturally very pleased. He believed that Luo Zheng would definitely compromise. No one was willing to court death in front of a True God!
"I believe you," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief and his subordinates instantly heaved a sigh of relief. They obviously did not want to provoke Luo Zheng, a martial artist who had proven himself to be a True God. If they could make Luo Zheng retreat, that would be the best outcome!
"If that's the case, you can persuade the villagers of Meng Mountains to leave obediently. Or you can leave yourself. Leave these villagers to us," the Sun Moon Stockade Chief said with a smile.
The villagers of Meng Mountains did not expect Luo Zheng to actually believe the Sun Moon Stockade Chief's words. They were stunned. "Luo Tianxing, you can't believe what they say! They're just trying to scare us … "
"The Sun Moon Stockade is just a dilapidated stockade. It's been half dead for tens of thousands of years. How can they invite a True God?"
"…"
Luo Zheng did not refute the words of the villagers behind him. He continued to speak to the Sun Moon Stockade Chief, "I believe that the Evil Old Man has indeed returned, but I will not leave. If you really want me to leave, you can ask the Evil Old Man to come here himself!"
The warriors of the Sun Moon Village had relaxed looks on their faces. They thought that since Luo Zheng had compromised, this matter would naturally be resolved. However, when they heard Luo Zheng's words, their faces instantly stiffened.
Luo Zheng had his own plans.
Luo Zheng had just entered the God's Domain, so it would be difficult for him to fully integrate into the God's Domain. If he could obtain the help of the Evil Old Man, he would be able to achieve twice the result with half the effort!
"That's right! Get Old Man Evil to come personally!"
"Let's see where your Sun Moon Village can find a True God! If there really is a True God, why would the Sun Moon Stockade need to chase us away? "
"I also want to see the legendary True God!"
However, the villagers of Meng Mountains misunderstood Luo Zheng's meaning. They thought that Luo Zheng did not believe the words of the Sun Moon Stockade Chief and was just taking advantage of the situation to speak.
The Sun Moon Stockade Chief's face turned ashen, and his voice became cold again. "Do you know the consequences of the Evil Old Man coming here personally?"
"Of course I do." Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
"Very well!" The Sun Moon Stockade Chief sneered and left with his subordinates. Today, he could not persuade Luo Zheng to leave and drive away the villagers of Meng Mountains. He could only leave first and let the Evil Old Man come personally.
Although he would be accused of incompetence, he also knew that with the Evil Old Man's methods, the villagers of Meng Mountain Village and this Luo Zheng before him would all die!
After the Sun Moon Stockade Chief left, the villagers who were hiding rushed out. Most of them had a victorious expression on their faces. They were glad that they had chased away the warriors of the Sun Moon Stockade without shedding a drop of blood.
"The Sun Moon Stockade has been around for god knows how many years. There are only a few people in the stockade. Their strength is average, but their bragging skills are amazing. They insisted that they had a True God!"
"What a joke! According to the legends, the Evil Old Man was a big shot who ruled the north of Vast Sky Domain. Why would such a person appear in a small stockade? "
"That makes sense!"
In the eyes of the villagers of Meng Mountains, the Sun Moon Stockade was not much stronger than Meng Mountain Village. It was just a stockade made up of a bunch of mobs. Before this, they were still afraid of the Sun Moon Stockade Chief. Now that Meng Mountain Village had 'Luo Tianxing', why would they care about the Sun Moon Stockade?
However, Luo Zheng's words poured a bucket of cold water on the villagers' enthusiasm.
"The Evil Old Man should be back," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"He's really back? Are you kidding? "A villager chuckled. He did not believe Luo Zheng's words either.
"I'm not kidding." Luo Zheng shook his head. "The Evil Old Man has indeed returned to Vast Sky Domain. The Sun Moon Stockade Chief is not lying. I've seen the Evil Old Man himself not long ago."
When Luo Zheng said this, the noisy atmosphere at the entrance of Meng Mountain Village instantly froze. Everyone was immersed in silence …
"You, you, you're telling the truth?" Another villager asked with a serious expression.
The people of Meng Mountain Village dared to go against the Sun Moon Stockade, but they would never dare to offend a True God …
"It's true," Luo Zheng said. "But …" He wanted to comfort them. Although the Evil Old Man was powerful, he could not disobey Luo Zheng's orders. Unfortunately, these people were probably frightened. Now, they were extremely agitated.
"Then, then what should we do?"
"Let's go. I heard that the Evil Old Man committed all kinds of crimes. That's why he was named 'Evil Old Man'. Back in the day, he was so evil that an almighty figure subdued him. He has disappeared for so many years. Is he really going to be restored?"
"This is Meng Mountain Village. It was left behind by our ancestors …"
"Ancestors my ass. The Evil Old Man has lived longer than all of our ancestors combined. If the legend is true, we are indeed occupying the Evil Old Man's territory!"
"…"
Since these villagers were so agitated, Luo Zheng did not bother to explain …
Sun Moon Stockade, Turbid Moon Cave.
Turbid Moon Cave was originally an abandoned cave. The cave entrance had collapsed many years ago and was abandoned long ago.
However, during this period of time, the Sun Moon Stockade dug up the cave entrance again and cleaned it thoroughly. Then, it was listed as a forbidden area by the Sun Moon Stockade. No one was allowed to come close!
The Sun Moon Stockade Chief was now kneeling respectfully in front of Turbid Moon Cave. He said softly, "Evil Old Man, it's not that I didn't do my job well. Meng Mountain Village has invited a strong helper from somewhere. Although he is only a Proof God, his strength is indeed extraordinary. I'm very sensitive to soul divine abilities. That Proof God's soul is probably far stronger than a Golden Battle Soul. I'm afraid it's not inferior to a True God's soul!"
After he finished speaking, the Sun Moon Stockade Chief remained kneeling on the ground.
"Bullsh * t! He's just a Realm Lord. It's already very impressive for his soul to become a Golden Battle Soul. Possessing a True God's soul? Even those wealthy families on the floating islands can't do that! " The Evil Old Man's voice came from Turbid Moon Cave. There were not many Realm Lords who possessed a Golden Battle Soul. The Evil Old Man found it hard to believe.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1743
After Old Man Evil left Takeshima Forest, he saw a group of ferocious creatures heading straight for the Immortal Abode.
Although Old Man Evil and the big-mouthed monster were powerful, they would most likely die if they were surrounded by this group of ferocious creatures …
The strange thing was that these beasts only glanced at the two of them indifferently and then ignored them.
After those creatures left, Old Man Evil and the big-mouthed monster quietly left Takeshima Forest and went their separate ways.
Old Man Evil was imprisoned for several divine epochs …
To a True God's world, seven or eight divine epochs wouldn't make much of a difference. At most, two or three more Saints would be conferred and the ranking of the floating islands on the Sea of Time would change slightly.
However, to the Gods' citizens, this change was still rather significant.
When Old Man Evil returned to the Vast Sky Domain, he realized that the thirty-six islands and seventy-two strongholds he had built had long been destroyed. Most of them had disappeared in the river of time.
Old Man Evil had expected this. However, when he learned that there were still three strongholds left among the seventy-two strongholds, he was very touched. After all, these were the legacies he had left behind. After so many years, there were still martial artists bitterly holding on.
Although Old Man Evil had committed many evil deeds, he was a very loyal person. Although these people were just a joke in Old Man Evil's eyes in terms of talent and strength, he still treated them well. He was prepared to take out some of the things he had hidden in the Vast Sky Domain and slowly strengthen this faction!
However, some of Old Man Evil's things couldn't be exposed. For example, the things he had buried in Meng Village. He had just returned to the Vast Sky Domain and his foundation wasn't stable yet. Naturally, he had to be careful.
However, these people from Sun Moon Stronghold were indeed weak beyond his imagination. They couldn't even do something as simple as driving away those Gods' citizens. This was indeed beyond Old Man Evil's expectations.
Now that the Sun Moon Stronghold Chief reported this to him, Old Man Evil naturally had to praise Luo Zheng to the heavens in order to cover up his own incompetence. A Realm Lord's soul was comparable to a True God's soul? This was utter nonsense!
After so many years, he had only seen one person who had cultivated his soul to such a level in the Realm Lord realm. It was that brat Luo Zheng whom he met in the Immortal Abode!
Luo Zheng was the disciple of a Saint and his father was a Saint. There weren't many people like him in the Divine Region …
How could a Proof God martial artist appear in such a desolate village in the north of Vast Sky Domain? Old Man Evil wouldn't believe it even if he was beaten to death.
"If I'm lying, Ancestor, you can chop my head off. If you don't believe me, Ancestor, you can make a trip there personally. Everything will be clear then!" The Sun Moon Stockade Chief said solemnly.
"You're saying that I have to go personally to chase away some divine citizens?" Old Man Evil's voice rang out from Turbid Moon Cave again.
"I did not do my job well. There is indeed no need for Elder Ancestor to step in for such a small matter. However, the problem lies with that martial artist who has proven himself to be a Divinity!" the Sun Moon Stockade Chief hurriedly said, afraid that the Evil Old Man would be angered.
Actually, the Sun Moon Stockade chief's understanding of the Old Man of Evil also came from legends. After all, he had not been in charge of the Sun Moon Stockade for a very long time after becoming a Proof of Divinity expert. Moreover, after so many years, the records of the Old Man of Evil in the Sun Moon Stockade were very vague. However, just from the name "Old Man of Evil", he knew that the Old Man of Evil was definitely not a good person!
Since Old Man Evil had said so, Old Man Evil could only sneer. "It seems like I have to go there personally!"
When Old Man Evil heard this, Old Man Evil was overjoyed. He knew that Old Man Evil did not blame him for his incompetence. With Old Man Evil's strength, killing that Proof God martial artist was just a piece of cake. Old Man Evil could finally see what happened to that Proof God martial artist in Meng Village.
After confirming that Old Man Evil had returned, the God citizens of Meng Village finally decided to give up on Meng Village. No matter how important something was, it was not as important as their own lives. They had no way of resisting a True God, especially one who was at the peak of the middle stage.
However, Luo Zheng stood out and told them not to leave.
Luo Zheng did not tell them the reason, but he was very confident that he could guarantee their safety!
However, most of the people of Meng Village still did not choose to believe Luo Zheng. Perhaps Luo Zheng was indeed an extraordinary Proof God martial artist, but he was only a Realm Lord. He was not at the same level as Old Man Evil.
Thousands of God citizens of Meng Village began to move and hide on the same day. However, there were still a considerable number of God citizens who stayed behind. These God citizens were divided into two groups. One group was those who were unwilling to leave Meng Village no matter what, while the other group was led by Little Wu and Little Wen. They chose to believe in Luo Zheng!
On the second day, when the sky was just beginning to brighten, ninety percent of the residents of Meng Village had already left. Only one-tenth of the villagers were left.
Today, Luo Zheng was still sitting at the entrance of Meng Village. He was grinding out the black lines on his Dantian while waiting silently. He was worried that Old Man Evil would not show up and send another group of weak and ordinary martial artists over.
As for the God citizens who stayed behind with Luo Zheng, they were even more nervous. If Luo Zheng could not deal with Old Man Evil, they would be buried together with him!
Not long after, the group of martial artists from Sun Moon Fort arrived in a mighty manner. Old Man Evil was strolling leisurely at the back of the group.
After crossing a hill, Old Man Evil could see the entirety of Meng Village in front of him.
"We're almost there, Old Ancestor." Sun Moon Fort's chief reminded Old Man Evil. "That Proof God martial artist is probably still guarding the entrance of Meng Village. With Old Ancestor's strength, killing him is just a matter of a blink of an eye!"
Old Man Evil sat lazily on a palanquin with a nonchalant expression on his face. Even if Sun Moon Fort's chief was telling the truth, his opponent was still just a Realm Lord. He was not qualified to be his opponent.
However, after crossing this short hill and arriving at the entrance of Meng Village, Old Man Evil looked in the direction of Sun Moon Fort's chief's hand gesture. His gaze focused on the entrance of the village. His eyes suddenly widened. He, who was originally lying lazily on the palanquin, suddenly stood up with an expression as if he had seen a ghost!
"Luo Zheng!"
Then, he rubbed his eyes with his hands, as if he wanted to see more clearly …
"Old Ancestor?" Seeing Old Man Evil's expression, Sun Moon Fort's chief was slightly stunned. Could it be that the Proof God martial artist from Meng Village was indeed someone with a powerful background?
Old Man Evil did not answer Sun Moon Fort's chief. After he observed for a while and confirmed Luo Zheng's identity, he felt conflicted! When he left the Immortal Abode, Old Man Evil had hoped that he would never meet Luo Zheng again. After all, the Divine Realm was so vast. The possibility of meeting him again was next to nothing. He did not expect to meet him again after such a short period of time. What the hell!
Old Man Evil jumped down from the palanquin and left without saying a word. Sun Moon Fort's chief was baffled by this scene.

Chapter 1744
The Evil Old Man did not expect to meet Luo Zheng here!
The Takixuan Forest was not far from here, but it was still three regions away. The Evil Old Man did not know how to describe his feelings now that he had coincidentally met Luo Zheng in this small mountain village in the north of the Vast Sky Domain. He could only say that he and Luo Zheng were fated to meet.
However, the person he did not want to see the most, other than Gu Bei and the other Saints, was probably Luo Zheng.
In order to leave the dungeon, he had made an extremely unfair Oath of the Demon of the Heart to Luo Zheng. He had to obey Luo Zheng's every word. If he disobeyed the oath, he would be devoured by the Demon of the Heart!
After finally leaving the dungeon, the Evil Old Man naturally hoped to go further on the path of godhood. He was now at the peak of middle-level True God. Just one more step and he would become an upper-level True God. When that time came, his strength and status would rise to another level. Even the Saints would have to be careful if they wanted to harm him.
To be safe, he would definitely not violate his Heart Demon Oath in the slightest. Therefore, as soon as Luo Zheng spoke, his body, which had turned away, suddenly stiffened. Then, he slowly turned his head and chuckled. "I know, of course I know."
"That's good." Luo Zheng nodded. "Since you still remember, you can stay here today. I have something I need your help with."
The Sun Moon Stockade chief and his subordinates were dumbfounded. How high was the Evil Old Man's position in their hearts?
Who was this Proving God martial artist from Meng Village? How dare he speak to the Evil Old Man in such a manner!
Old Man Evil, on the other hand, was neither angry nor annoyed. Instead, he chuckled amiably. His attitude made it even harder for them to wrap their heads around it.
"If you need my help, it's fine. However, I have just returned to the Vast Sky Domain. There are some things I need to take away. Coincidentally, they are buried under Meng Village. Do you want these villagers to leave first?" The Evil Old Man said. In his eyes, these divine citizens were no different from ants. But since Luo Zheng was here, he naturally had to get Luo Zheng's approval first …
When the villagers of Meng Mountains saw that the Evil Old Man had really come here, they were naturally frightened. The Evil Old Man was the legendary Evil God. In the Vast Sky Domain, if any children were disobedient, some adults would use him to scare their own children. "If you continue to be disobedient, the Evil Old Man will come and take you away!" Just this sentence alone was enough to stop a baby from crying.
Now that the legendary Evil God had appeared here, how could the villagers survive? Fortunately, most of the people in Meng Village had already left, leaving behind only these divine people.
But just as Luo Zheng had promised, these people did not expect the Evil Old Man to be so polite in front of Luo Zheng. How could he be worthy of the name "Evil Old Man"?
When they saw this amiable scene, they were even more surprised and speculated about Luo Zheng's background. Now that the Evil Old Man had made such a request, Luo Zheng discussed it with the rest of the divine citizens.
Since the Evil Old Man's original intention was not to chase away the villagers of Meng Mountains but to take away the things buried here, the villagers of Meng Mountains were not so against it …
Therefore, the remaining divine citizens left Meng Village first and met up with most of the divine citizens who were temporarily hiding. The Evil Old Man ordered the Sun Moon Fort's chief to lead a group of martial artists to guard outside before the two of them entered the village!
The Evil Old Man shook his head and lamented to Luo Zheng, "Sigh, this mountain used to be called Blackwind Ridge. It was one of my old bases. Blackwind Ridge used to be famous throughout the Vast Sky Domain, but now, it has fallen to the point where no one knows about it."
Only three of the seventy-two forts he had established were left. Moreover, after so many years, things had changed. Whenever he thought about it after returning to the Vast Sky Domain, he would feel aggrieved but had nowhere to vent his frustrations.
Luo Zheng, who was following behind the Evil Old Man, smiled when he heard what the Evil Old Man said, "If a Real God's lifespan is endless, you will only lose some time. To a Real God like you, time is the most worthless thing, right? As long as you spend some time, you can rebuild some things. Why can't you make a comeback? "
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Evil Old Man paused slightly. He turned his head and looked deeply at Luo Zheng before saying slowly, "You're right. However, the environment in the Divine Territory is constantly changing. I don't know if there will be an opportunity like back then …"
Back then, the Evil Old Man had just stepped into the realm of a middle-level True God. It was extremely difficult for him to dominate the Vast Sky Domain. However, the two major forces in the Vast Sky Domain happened to be fighting each other, so they did not have the time to care about the area north of the Vast Sky Domain. That was how the Evil Old Man was able to rapidly expand his power!
However, if he wanted to find an opportunity like that now, it would be extremely difficult.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would smile and say, "There's an even greater opportunity now. Can't you see it?"
"An even greater opportunity?" The Evil Old Man was slightly taken aback. He stared at Luo Zheng for a long while before his eyes suddenly lit up. His breathing seemed to have quickened as well.
He already knew Luo Zheng's identity. He was Gu Bei's disciple and Luo Xiao's son.
Although the Vast Sky Domain was only a small domain in the Divine Territory, the Evil Old Man had heard about the matters on the floating island and the conflicts between the Sages!
Since Luo Zheng had stepped into the Divine Territory, he definitely had a grand plan. Luo Zheng had two Sages backing him up. The Evil Old Man believed that Luo Zheng would be able to rise in the shortest time possible.
If he could follow Luo Zheng, it would indeed be a great opportunity for the Evil Old Man!
"No, no, no …" The Evil Old Man's head shook like a rattle drum as he immediately rejected this idea.
Although Luo Zheng was the successor of two Sages, Gu Bei had disappeared for many Divine Eras, and Luo Xiao was on the verge of death!
And Luo Zheng would have to face Mu Haiji and even the Sage Hall …
The opportunity was not small, but the risk was too great. That woman, Shi Xiaoqiao, had the right to get involved, but he, the Evil Old Man, would only be cannon fodder if he got involved!
Seeing the Evil Old Man's reaction, Luo Zheng only said indifferently, "A True God's lifespan is indeed unlimited, but are you really willing to spend the long years of your life in mediocrity?"
The Evil Old Man chuckled. "That's better than dying!"
The Evil Old Man knew that Luo Zheng's potential was limitless. Even if he could not become a Sage in the future, it was still possible for him to become an upper-level True God or even a perfected True God …
However, not everyone had the courage to go against a Sage!
Since this was the Evil Old Man's attitude, Luo Zheng did not force him. Right now, he only needed the Evil Old Man's help to stabilize himself in the Divine Realm.
After the Evil Old Man entered the center of Meng Village, he reached out and patted the ground left and right, as if he was looking for something.
After searching for a while, he finally found a spot. Then, he walked a few steps to the side of the spot and suddenly slapped the ground!
A huge Divine Rune formed in his hand!
This Divine Rune turned into a huge arrowhead that slowly crawled on the ground!
"Clack!"
At this moment, a muffled sound suddenly came from below Meng Village. It was as if some huge mechanism had been opened deep underground.
The Evil Old Man's face lit up. The Sealing Mechanism he had set up years ago was still effective. This meant that after he had left for so many years, no one had been able to touch what he had hidden underground.
However, as soon as he activated the 'Sealing Mechanism', a powerful aura suddenly erupted from one of the pavilions in Meng Village. At the same time, an arrogant laughter rang out. "Hahaha, Heinous Old Dog, I've waited for seven divine eras, and you've finally returned!"
The Evil Old Man's expression changed drastically when he heard that voice!
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed tightly.

Chapter 1745
The Extreme Evil Old Man's Fengjueji was rather ingenious.
Once the Fengjueji was sealed, there was only one chance to activate it. If the sequence of activation was wrong, the entire Fengjueji would self-destruct, along with the item inside!
Back then, he had sealed an extremely important treasure that he had obtained into it before burying it under the Black Wind Ridge. If someone really wanted to take that treasure, the only result would be that they would not be able to obtain anything.
Seven divine epochs had passed, and the first thing the Extreme Evil Old Man did when he returned was to retrieve this treasure. It was obvious that this treasure was very important to him.
However, the Extreme Evil Old Man did not expect that someone had been waiting for him in the Vast Sky Domain for seven divine epochs …
Luo Zheng had been staying in Meng Village all this time, but he did not notice that there was such a person in the village.
To be able to hide in Meng Village, completely avoid Luo Zheng's sharp divine sense, and even dare to show up now, this person's strength was probably above the Extreme Evil Old Man!
With a creak, the door of a house in Meng Village opened, and a person walked out. This person was skinny and had a face as clear as jade. He held an exquisite feather fan in his hand and had a proud smile on his face. As he walked, he said calmly, "Actually, I never thought that you, Extreme Evil Old Dog, would return one day. This Fengjueji is too ingenious. I've studied it for so many years, and even asked someone to use the Divine Dao of Time to imprison this Fengjueji. I wanted to take that item out after activating this Fengjueji. Unfortunately, I didn't dare to take the risk, for fear of destroying this Fengjueji. I've waited so long for this day! "
The Extreme Evil Old Man's face was covered in a layer of frost. His soybean-sized eyes stared at the person as he spoke word by word, "Yin Yuanzi! You're very patient! "
Looking at the Extreme Evil Old Man's expression, the smile on Yin Yuanzi's face became even wider. "Of course! For that item, I can afford to waste any amount of time. What is seven divine epochs to me? I can wait for seventy divine epochs! "
As Yin Yuanzi spoke, he glanced at Luo Zheng, who was behind the Extreme Evil Old Man. "But I'm curious. As a little fellow called Luo Tianxing, where did you come from? Even among the Proving Divinity experts, he's extremely outstanding. Could it be that he's from some wealthy family on the floating island? "
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and didn't say anything. Since Yin Yuanzi knew that his name was Luo Tianxing, he must have been lurking here for several days. Moreover, during these days, this guy should have been secretly observing him. This feeling made Luo Zheng quite uncomfortable.
The way Yin Yuanzi saw it, only the wealthy families of the floating islands could nurture such a Proof of Divinity martial artist!
Judging from Luo Zheng's background, he was indeed a descendant of a Floating Island Clan. After all, the Luo Clan once owned a Floating Island in the Sea of Time. Moreover, the Luo Clan's Floating Island was ranked quite high. Unfortunately, after Luo Xiao's defeat, the Floating Island was occupied by other clans. Even the disciples on the Floating Island were expelled.
How could the Extreme Evil Old Man be in the mood to explain anything to Yin Yuanzi? He had already activated the Sealing Extinction Mechanism. His mind was racing. His cultivation was similar to Yin Yuanzi's, but he had been locked up in the dungeon for so many years. Although his cultivation was still there, his strength had most likely been reduced!
Although Yin Yuanzi was also a middle True God, he must have improved quite a bit over the years. With one advancing and one retreating, the difference in strength between the two was probably not small.
"Patience is indeed there, but I don't know … if you have the strength!" The Extreme Evil Old Man quietly prepared. Suddenly, he stomped his feet. Black smoke swirled around him, and his entire person seemed to turn into an illusory human figure.
"Extreme Evil Dao!"
As the black smoke swirled around him, the Extreme Evil Old Man's originally snow-white hair suddenly turned black. His entire person revealed his evil side. The wrinkles on his face looked as if they had been cut by a knife. Two illusory demonic claws condensed on his hands. The Extreme Evil Old Man charged at Yin Yuanzi at an extremely fast speed.
The Extreme Evil Old Man was not tall. He was a head shorter than Luo Zheng. Due to his old age, his body was even skinnier. However, he was still a True God. Once he attacked, it would be a fatal move.
The pair of demonic claws condensed and clawed at Yin Yuanzi's head!
This attack was indeed extraordinarily fierce. From Luo Zheng's point of view, the Extreme Evil Old Man's claw seemed ordinary. However, the power contained within it shocked him. At the very least, with Luo Zheng's current strength, there was no way he could withstand this attack.
Yin Yuanzi seemed to be quite familiar with the Extreme Evil Old Man. He also knew how powerful the Extreme Evil Old Man's attack was, so he did not take it head-on. However, as he retreated, he gently waved the feather fan in his hand. Instantly, his entire body became extremely agile. His body shifted, leaving behind afterimages, and he easily dodged the Extreme Evil Old Man's claw.
As the two True Gods fought, Luo Zheng did not have the time to watch the show. If he was not careful, he might be implicated. He quietly retreated and leaped toward a nearby house. Then, he heard the houses and pavilions in Meng Village collapsing. Cracks appeared on the surface of the hill, and there were faint signs of it collapsing.
Luo Zheng was glad that he had evacuated the villagers of Meng Village. Otherwise, if the two True Gods were to fight, the villagers would have suffered.
In the universe, he had seen True Divinities attack. They could be said to be able to destroy the heavens and earth. Their strength was hundreds of times more tyrannical than an Empyrean's. But now, as these two True Divinities fought, they were only able to destroy a single mountain. The Divine Realm's restrictions on strength were not ordinary …
The feather fan in Yin Yuanzi's hand was like a saber and a shield. Not only could it block the Extreme Evil Old Man's claw, but it could also strike at the Extreme Evil Old Man when it found an opening.
The feather fan looked light, but there was a powerful aura condensing within it. It turned into a sharp blade that slashed toward the Extreme Evil Old Man. This blade was fast and ruthless. There were a few times when the Extreme Evil Old Man could not dodge it, and a deep wound appeared on his body.
The smile on Yin Yuanzi's face grew wider. Back then, the Extreme Evil Old Man had hit him when he was down, and he ended up in a miserable state. After lying low for seven Divine Eras, not only did he have his revenge, but he was also very pleased with himself when he thought about how he was about to obtain an important item.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt even more conflicted. He had encountered the Extreme Evil Old Man in the Divine Territory and wanted to ask for his help. He did not expect that the Extreme Evil Old Man would encounter such a powerful enemy as soon as he returned to the Vast Sky Territory …
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even watching a battle of this level was very risky, let alone helping. The wisest choice for him now was to leave!
"Hehe, Extreme Evil Old Dog, when you stole my fortune back then, you didn't expect this day to come, did you?"
Yin Yuanzi suddenly turned around and dodged the Extreme Evil Old Man's claw once again. However, he waved the feather fan and slammed it down heavily on the Extreme Evil Old Man's body!
"Boom!"
The Extreme Evil Old Man's thin and weak body crashed into Meng Village. The hill, which was already full of cracks, finally collapsed. However, the hill where Meng Village was located was hollow!
When the hill collapsed, the houses and pavilions on the hill quickly caved in as well, falling into a huge cave in the hill. Luo Zheng could not help but fall into the cave as well.
Luo Zheng, who was falling rapidly, was very frustrated. It was indeed very inconvenient to not be able to fly in the Divine Territory!
As for the Sun Moon Stockade martial artists outside Meng Village, they were also dumbfounded. The Extreme Evil Old Man did not allow them to enter Meng Village, so how would they dare to take a step in? However, they had no idea what had happened in Meng Village.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1746
Luo Zheng fell all the way down and was also dizzy from the fall.
The mass of matter in the Divine Realm was tens of thousands of times greater than matter in the universe. When the mountain collapsed, the force of impact was enough to smash a Divine Transformation Realm or even a Divine Pinnacle Realm martial artist to death!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was strong enough to withstand the fall. However, he was suddenly involved in the conflict between Old Man Extreme Evil and Yin Yuanzi. This was indeed an unexpected calamity.
"Rumble, rumble …"
It turned out that there was a huge cave at the bottom of Black Wind Ridge. Old Man Extreme Evil had set this place as his lair because of how well hidden this cave was.
Back then, after he had set up the 'Sealing Mechanism', he had completely sealed off this cave. For several divine epochs, only Yin Yuanzi had secretly snuck into this cave in an attempt to open the 'Sealing Mechanism' and take away the treasure hidden within. However, Old Man Extreme Evil's' Sealing Mechanism 'was extremely ingenious. It was almost impossible to take out the' Sealing Mechanism 'without destroying the treasure. Yin Yuanzi had waited in the Vast Sky Domain for seven divine epochs, but in the end, Old Man Extreme Evil had returned!
The villagers of Meng Village were completely unaware of this. Their ancestors had come to this small mountain at Black Wind Ridge and continuously reclaimed it, turning Black Wind Ridge into a small mountain village and becoming the residence of Meng Village's ancestors.
Now that Yin Yuanzi and Old Man Extreme Evil were fighting, the small mountain had collapsed …
Apart from Luo Zheng, Yin Yuanzi and Old Man Extreme Evil were also unable to fly in the Divine Realm. At this moment, they naturally fell into the cave like Luo Zheng.
However, both of them were middle True Gods. Their strength was naturally much stronger than Luo Zheng's. Amidst the rubble, Old Man Extreme Evil and Yin Yuanzi's figures were still fighting each other …
After a long while, Luo Zheng finally fell to the bottom of the cave. The rubble and sand buried him. The weight of the rubble in the Divine Realm was astonishing. Although Luo Zheng only felt a few large rocks on top of his head, he felt as if tens of thousands of mountains were pressing down on him, firmly pressing him down!
Like an earthworm, he could only wriggle out of the sand bit by bit.
When Luo Zheng stuck his head out and spat out the sand in his mouth, he was able to clearly see the scene in the cave through the dim light from the top of the cave.
The cave wasn't big, only about a thousand feet wide. In the center of the cave, there was a sphere about ten feet wide. There seemed to be a light flickering in the sphere, constantly changing from bright to dark, then from dark to bright, like a firefly constantly emitting light.
"There's actually a living creature inside this sphere? Is this the treasure that the Evil Old Man wants to take away? "Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Outside the sphere, there were also three-foot-long swords of light. They slowly floated around the sphere, but at this moment, the surface of the swords of light was very dim, as if they had lost the power they should have.
This sphere was the Fengjueji that the Evil Old Man had set up. The Fengjueji was a secret technique from the Southern Mountain Range that the Evil Old Man had obtained by chance.
The Fengjueji's design was extremely ingenious. If a treasure was sealed inside, it could only be opened according to the method of the person who set it up. If the order was slightly different, the swords of light around the sphere would activate and instantly destroy the treasure inside the sphere!
Therefore, Yin Yuanzi had hidden here for several days, waiting for the Evil Old Man to unseal the Fengjueji and the swords of light lost their effect before he chose to make his move.
"Swoosh!"
On the other side of the cave, the Evil Old Man brandished his demonic claws. Black smoke billowed as a strong evil intent was released. It was as if a pure evil demon wanted to tear everything in this world apart!
The Evil Old Man probably noticed the scene inside the Fengjueji as well. His face turned cold, and he looked like he was going to fight Yin Yuanzi to the death!
Yin Yuanzi was indeed slightly stronger than the Evil Old Man. His feather fan was like a white cloud that could easily disperse the Evil Old Man's attacks. However, the Evil Old Man's ruthlessness forced Yin Yuanzi to continuously retreat …
"Yin Yuanzi, I, the Evil Old Man, have committed all kinds of evil in the past, but I have never offended your Essence Qi Sect. Back then, when the Ghost Sect wanted to attack your Essence Qi Sect, I even interfered! Today, you must take my treasure? " The Evil Old Man was probably affected by the billowing evil intent. He spoke through gritted teeth, his tone sinister.
Yin Yuanzi waved his feather fan and said indifferently, "I have no choice. The item sealed in your Fengjueji is too important. Let alone me, if anyone else knew of its existence, they would not let it go so easily. You are not my match. If I advise you to give up on this item, I can give you other compensation. How about it?"
"What a joke!"
The Evil Old Man laughed maniacally. His black hair was swept to the back of his head like a waterfall. He sneered and said, "Back then, it was because of this item that I offended Saint Gu Bei. I was imprisoned for seven divine eras before I was able to escape. Am I going to give it to you just like that? Who do you think I, the Evil Old Man, am? "
"Heh." Yin Yuanzi sneered and said, "If you don't give it to me, then I'll take it myself. I won't just take your treasure, I'll take your life as well. Isn't that a good deal for you?"
As soon as he finished speaking, Yin Yuanzi's feet moved rapidly on the ground while he suddenly flipped the feather fan in his hand.
A layer of green light suddenly appeared on the surface of the pure white feather fan. The green light rippled and transformed into a ghost face. The ghost face's eyes were filled with laughter, but its mouth drooped down, causing it to look extremely strange.
When the ghost face appeared, Yin Yuanzi flipped the feather fan again, and another ghost face appeared on the other side of the fan. This ghost face was the exact opposite of the ghost face on the other side of the fan. It had tears in its eyes, but it was laughing without end!
After the two ghost faces appeared, Yin Yuanzi's expression became strange. One side of his face was filled with joy, while the other side was filled with sorrow!
"Temperamental ghost!"
Previously, Yin Yuanzi had been fighting with the feather fan in his hand and did not dare to face the Evil Old Man head-on. When this change appeared on his face, he rushed forward and did not dodge the Evil Old Man's demonic claws. Instead, he formed a palm knife with one hand and slashed horizontally.
"Dong!"
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
With a muffled sound, the demonic claws on the Evil Old Man's right hand suddenly collapsed, and the bones in his right hand shattered into countless pieces.
"I gave you a chance and warned you. Since you're courting death, don't blame me." Yin Yuanzi had a sinister smile on his face as he slashed with his palm knife again!
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
The second palm knife landed on the Evil Old Man's shoulder, shattering the bones on that side of his body. He crashed into the rocks on the side of the cave, creating a huge hole that was several feet deep!
The hardness of the rocks in the divine territory was probably equivalent to the dark stars in the universe.
If Luo Zheng did not use his power source, it would take him some effort to smash the rocks apart with his current physical strength.
However, in the battle between two middle true gods, it was still as fragile as tofu!
"Crack."
An extremely soft cracking sound came from the sphere. Yin Yuanzi and the Evil Old Man were in the midst of their battle and did not hear it.
However, Luo Zheng, who was not far away, saw it clearly. A thin crack appeared on the sphere in the middle of the cave, as though something inside wanted to break the sphere!

Chapter 1747
The Extreme Evil Old Man was on the verge of death after taking that blow.
The energy contained in the palm blade continued to wreak havoc in his body, immobilizing half of his body.
Yin Yuanzi had a faint smile on his face as he slowly walked toward the Extreme Evil Old Man. "As a True God, sometimes you have to give up! Back then, I had the chance to obtain that item. Do you know why you were one step ahead of me? "
The Extreme Evil Old Man was embedded in the crevice, glaring at Yin Yuanzi without saying a word.
"Because I knew I'd offend Gu Bei. Isn't it courting death to steal from a Saint?" Yin Yuanzi said with a satisfied smile, "That's why I decisively gave it up. That's why it fell into your hands. You're just my scapegoat. Seven divine eras … That's indeed a bit long, but our lifespans are limitless. What does a mere time count for? Hahahaha … "
Yin Yuanzi laughed loudly. His laughter echoed in the cave, causing the sand and stones around the cave to fall and rustle. Luo Zheng felt a piercing pain in his ears when he heard that sound. He felt dizzy!
Seeing the Extreme Evil Old Man remain silent, Yin Yuanzi felt rather bored. He sighed softly, then his right hand turned into a palm blade and slashed toward the Extreme Evil Old Man again.
Although the Extreme Evil Old Man did not say a word, he was unwilling to wait for death in the face of Yin Yuanzi's attack. He raised the demonic claw on his left hand again and slammed it toward Yin Yuanzi.
However, the Extreme Evil Old Man was destined to be a dying struggle. Yin Yuanzi countered with a backhand and shattered the demonic claw on the Extreme Evil Old Man's left hand. There was the sound of bones cracking. The Extreme Evil Old Man's hands fell limply to the side, no longer able to resist.
The Extreme Evil Old Man felt a wave of sadness in his heart.
Back then, for the sake of that item, the Evil Old Man had used up all of his wealth, shaking the entire Vast Sky Territory. He had almost lost his life because of it. In the end, he had managed to get his hands on it, but in the end, he had been captured by Gu Bei. It could be said that the North Sage was the most lenient of all the Sages, sparing his life and imprisoning him in the immortal estate's dungeon.
This trial lasted for seven divine epochs. Vast Sky Domain had already changed, but he never thought that there would still be people who remembered the matters of the past, still coveting that item.
In his despair, the Evil Old Man saw Luo Zheng on the other side of the cave. At this moment, Luo Zheng had half of his body out of the cave. He wasn't looking at the Evil Old Man, but at the "Sealing Trap" he had set up.
It was also Luo Zheng's gaze that piqued the Evil Old Man's curiosity. He followed Luo Zheng's gaze and saw more and more cracks on the Feng Jueji!
The light within the sphere was clearly dimming, but its frequency was also increasing!
"That thing … has already hatched?"
Old Man Evil's heart pounded wildly!
That thing had been stored for several divine epochs, so how could it possibly hatch? And it was hatching at this moment?
No! That thing's intelligence was astonishing. After hatching, it would definitely know how powerful the "Sealing Trap" was, so it wouldn't dare to break open the sphere and struggle free. Because once it did, it would definitely be killed by the "Sealing Annihilation Sword" around the Feng Jueji!
And he had just unlocked the "Sealing Trap", and that thing was already hatching!
More and more cracks appeared on the sphere, and the crackling sounds grew louder and louder. Yin Yuanzi was just about to end the Evil Old Man's life when he suddenly heard a strange sound behind him. He had just turned around when the sphere suddenly shattered, and something emerged from it, pouncing toward Yin Yuanzi at an incredible speed.
Yin Yuanzi's reaction was not slow at all. He twisted his body to the side and swung the feather fan in his hand at that thing!
But that thing was abnormally agile. It coiled around the feather fan and climbed up Yin Yuanzi's arm!
At this moment, Luo Zheng, who was not far away, saw clearly that it was a strange-looking mouse. This mouse was only the size of a palm, and its head was extremely sharp. It also had a pair of slender fangs, and a small dot of light hung on its tail, constantly flashing.
After this strange rat pounced on Yin Yuanzi's arm, it suddenly burrowed into his arm!
A true god's physique was far stronger than a realm master's. Even though Yin Yuanzi wasn't a body refiner, his physical body was far from what an ordinary cultivator could compare to. Moreover, after Yin Yuanzi used the feather fan to summon the "temperamental ghost", his physical body had reached a new level.
However, as soon as the rat drilled in, it was as if it had drilled into soft mud. It drilled through Yin Yuanzi's skin without much resistance and kept crawling up his arm. A fist-sized bump could be seen moving rapidly on Yin Yuanzi's arm.
Yin Yuanzi's expression was also very anxious. His eyes flashed with ruthlessness, and his right hand pointed at the bulge on his left arm.
"Pu!"
As a sharp hidden force pierced through his fingertip, a bloody hole appeared on his arm. But that strange rat wasn't injured by this hidden force, and it continued to move along his arm.
As for Yin Yuanzi, he pointed a few more times, each finger leaving a bloody hole on his arm. But each time, he was a little slower. Finally, the rat moved to his shoulder and burrowed into his internal organs!
Yin Yuanzi's expression was extremely distorted, and deep fear appeared on his face.
As a true god, even if his internal organs were hollowed out, he wouldn't die. A true god generally had two life gates. One was the dantian, and the other was the soul.
And the most powerful thing about this rat was that it could suck the opponent's internal world, and at the same time, destroy the cultivator's physical body at an extremely fast speed!
If Yin Yuanzi's internal world was destroyed, he would be equivalent to a cripple.
Thinking of this, Yin Yuanzi gritted his teeth and endured the intense pain caused by the rat moving through his internal organs. He reached out and pointed at his chest several times!
"Pu pu pu pu …"
A series of bloody holes appeared on his chest under the ferocious finger force. Even Yin Yuanzi's heart was pierced, and blood spurted out uncontrollably.
But the rat was still abnormally agile in his body. It kept drilling through his body and quickly burrowed into his lower abdomen!
Immediately after, Yin Yuanzi felt a numbing sensation coming from his dantian. His entire body trembled, and he fell to the ground with a plop. His body couldn't help but tremble!
This scene happened in the span of two or three breaths. Luo Zheng and Old Man Extreme Evil couldn't help but gasp when they saw this scene.
What kind of rat was this? How could it be so powerful?
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw a bulge suddenly appear on Yin Yuanzi's lower abdomen. Accompanied by a splatter of blood, the rat drilled out of Yin Yuanzi's stomach. It shook its small head, and with a crisp "ding dong", a green object flew out of the rat's mouth and fell to the ground!
The object was like an octagonal gem. It flickered with a faint green light and emitted a unique "force". Only then did Luo Zheng realize that it was Yin Yuanzi's Godhead!
A Godhead was extremely sturdy. In theory, it was almost impossible to destroy it, and the rat couldn't swallow it. But it directly tore the Godhead out of his internal world.
After spitting out the Godhead, the rat opened its soybean-sized eyes. They flickered with a faint light as it sized up Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1748
How could the Old Man of Extreme Evil resist?
He could only watch as the rat pounced on him and plunged its head into his abdomen.
The rat was extremely intelligent. It seemed to know that the Old Man of Extreme Evil had no way of resisting and became even more unscrupulous. It buried half of its body into the Old Man of Extreme Evil's body and greedily sucked in the vital essence in the Old Man of Extreme Evil's inner world. A slender tail hung outside, emitting a bright yellow light.
The Old Man of Extreme Evil's reaction was almost identical to Yin Yuanzi's. His eyes widened and his body trembled uncontrollably.
Not long after, blood spurted out and a black Godhead was bitten out by the rat. It threw it on the ground with a "ding".
The Old Man of Extreme Evil used the Godhead to seal his inner world and prevented the rat from devouring the living beings in his inner world. Thus, the rat ripped the Godhead out of the Old Man of Extreme Evil's inner world!
After extracting the Godhead, the rat stuck its head into the Old Man of Extreme Evil's body again and began to devour …
Luo Zheng never expected the "treasure" the Old Man of Extreme Evil was talking about to be such a ferocious creature.
After the rat devoured the Old Man of Extreme Evil, Luo Zheng would be the one to suffer. Although Luo Zheng had the protection of the Concentric Garment and his body was extremely sturdy, he might not be able to withstand this strange rat!
He struggled out of the pile of sand and pebbles and glanced helplessly at the Old Man of Extreme Evil. The Old Man of Extreme Evil's eyes were tightly shut. He probably couldn't keep his body.
He wasn't related to the Old Man of Extreme Evil and couldn't be considered a friend. However, such a tragic death did make Luo Zheng feel somewhat regretful, even though the Old Man of Extreme Evil's death had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
The Old Man of Extreme Evil was a True God in the Domain of the Gods. In addition, the Old Man of Extreme Evil had sworn an oath. If the Old Man of Extreme Evil could give Luo Zheng some help or even give him some pointers, Luo Zheng's path in the Domain of the Gods would be much smoother.
The rat's exposed tail was still swaying. While the rat continued to devour the Old Man of Extreme Evil's dantian, Luo Zheng carefully walked to the other side of the cave.
Without being able to fly, it would be quite difficult to leave the cave. However, Luo Zheng had already noticed that there was a small hole beside a protruding rock on the left side of the cave. Presumably, that was the way out of the cave.
However, just as Luo Zheng was halfway there, he suddenly felt an intense soul pressure coming from behind him. It was an extremely powerful soul that was fiercely pouncing on him, instantly submerging into Luo Zheng's mind!
"Who would have thought that this Stone Forest Rat would hatch ahead of time, devour my inner world, and cripple my cultivation! Brat, I was also forced to possess your body today! Your body is not bad. I'm going to take it! "The soul entered Luo Zheng's mind.
After Yin Yuanzi's dantian was devoured by the Stone Forest Rat, his physical body was destroyed as well. However, his soul wasn't injured. Yin Yuanzi had noticed Luo Zheng's extraordinary talent from the start. After being left with only a soul, he naturally thought of seizing Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng was merely a Sector Lord. At most, he could cultivate a gold Battle Soul. However, it was a piece of cake for Yin Yuanzi.
In Luo Zheng's mind, Yin Yuanzi's soul charged towards Luo Zheng. Naturally, Luo Zheng was shocked!
Although Luo Zheng's soul had improved significantly after devouring the Emotion Severing Pill, Yin Yuanzi was an intermediate True God. How strong was his soul? Yin Yuanzi's strength was far above Mu Haiji's three disciples. The level of his soul was even higher!
In a moment of desperation, small golden swords appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's soul. Wisps of invisible sharp aura surged in his mind and shot towards Yin Yuanzi!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Yin Yuanzi's soul level was indeed very strong. His soul had reached a level that Luo Zheng couldn't comprehend. He entered Luo Zheng's mind in a hurry to kill Luo Zheng's soul and occupy Luo Zheng's physical body. He didn't take Luo Zheng seriously.
However, the sharp aura released by Luo Zheng's soul was like tiny invisible swords. If it were an ordinary Golden Battle Soul, it would have been immediately penetrated by these tiny invisible swords. However, it only left a tiny cut on the surface of Yin Yuanzi's soul!
Even so, Yin Yuanzi was shocked. He didn't expect Luo Zheng's soul pressure to be so sharp. Furthermore, the pain from the damage to the soul was the most intense. Yin Yuanzi's face instantly distorted.
"You're already halfway there and you're still resisting. A mere Sector Lord actually managed to cultivate your soul to such a level. It seems like you must be from some wealthy family on a floating island. I'll devour your memories and replace your soul. I'll fulfill all your regrets in this life. Hahaha …"
The sharp small swords formed by the soul pressure couldn't deal any fatal damage to Yin Yuanzi. He actually withstood the soul pressure and advanced forward. He suddenly stretched out his hand and the two hands formed by his soul transformed into a pair of giant claws that grabbed at Luo Zheng's soul!
"Soul Assimilation Memory Retrieval Technique!"
The moment the pair of giant claws grabbed at Luo Zheng's soul, they suddenly twisted and formed a circular cage that enveloped Luo Zheng's soul.
Usually, possession was just to kill the other party's soul and use one's own soul to occupy the other party's body.
However, not only did Yin Yuanzi want to occupy Luo Zheng's body, he also wanted to devour Luo Zheng's soul and read the memories within. This way, he would be able to completely replace Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng continued to release his soul pressure in an attempt to break out of the cage formed by the pair of hands, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't break out of the circular cage. A look of impatience appeared on Luo Zheng's face. If he was really replaced by this person, he really couldn't imagine what the consequences would be!
Not only was he unable to break out of the cage, but it was also becoming increasingly difficult for his soul to move. It was as though there was an invisible force that was restraining his soul while crazily reading his memories.
"You, you … you're actually Luo Xiao's son?"
After reading a portion of Luo Zheng's memories, Yin Yuanzi's soul was slightly stunned. Then, he revealed a look of ecstasy. If Luo Zheng was really the Saint's son, he would most likely have obtained Luo Xiao's inheritance. If this brat knew the secrets of the Saint, it would be a true treasure to him!
If he had known Luo Zheng's identity in advance, he would rather give up his body and possess Luo Zheng.
However, just as Yin Yuanzi was reading Luo Zheng's soul, another soul shot out from the Extreme Evil Old Man's head. After this soul left his body, it also shot into Luo Zheng's mind.
"Yin Yuanzi! You and I will fight to the death! "
The Extreme Evil Old Man had just returned, but he was already so miserably persecuted by Yin Yuanzi. His dantian and physical body were also destroyed by the Stone Forest Rats. Now that his soul had left his body, he wanted to seek revenge on Yin Yuanzi.
Naturally, the Extreme Evil Old Man's soul wasn't weak. After entering Luo Zheng's mind, it went straight for Yin Yuanzi's soul. Without any hesitation, the souls of the two middle-level True Gods fiercely collided.
It was also because of this collision that Yin Yuanzi was forced to deal with it. Meanwhile, Luo Zheng instantly felt relieved and seized this opportunity to break free from the cage formed by Yin Yuanzi's claws.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1749
After escaping with his life, Luo Zheng's mind was also endlessly agitated.
He didn't expect to almost lose his life in this small mountain village. If the Evil Old Man hadn't rushed into his mind at the crucial moment to find trouble with Yin Yuanzi, his soul would've been extracted and refined!
After leaving the universe and losing his father's support, he no longer had so much magical luck. The divine territory was filled with danger!
Old Man Extreme Evil and Yin Yuanzi's souls clashed once more. They were actually locked in battle in Luo Zheng's mind.
Even for a True God, it wasn't easy to cultivate one's soul.
During the time the Evil Old Man was imprisoned, Yin Yuanzi's cultivation had improved by quite a bit. The Evil Old Man was indeed no match for him, but his soul hadn't improved much.
The two Real Gods tangled with each other in Luo Zheng's mind, but they barely fought to a draw!
The Evil Old Man's eyes were bloodshot. Even if he died, he would take Yin Yuanzi down with him. However, Yin Yuanzi had waited for so many years. How could he be willing to die with the Evil Old Man?
"Stop, stop …" Yin Yuanzi roared. "Do you know who this kid is?"
The Evil Old Man didn't listen to him. His face was filled with madness. Countless spikes appeared on the surface of his soul, and he charged at Yin Yuanzi again!
"That person is the son of a Saint. His soul contains a huge secret. After I extract his memories, I can share them with you. In the future, I'll create a powerful body for you …" Yin Yuanzi said as he dodged.
"Hmph, I know what you're saying! But how can I believe a treacherous person like you? Today, I won't rest until I'm dead. I'll definitely destroy your soul! "
The Evil Old Man already knew Luo Zheng's identity. However, he had sworn an oath to his Inner Demon. How could he attack Luo Zheng? Therefore, Yin Yuanzi's words didn't tempt him at all. Moreover, even if the Evil Old Man compromised now, with Yin Yuanzi's character, once he extracted Luo Zheng's soul, he would definitely hurt the Evil Old Man. He wasn't a three-year-old child. How could he believe Yin Yuanzi's words?
"We can discuss …"
Before Yin Yuanzi could finish, the Evil Old Man's soul charged forward again. He opened his hands and grabbed Yin Yuanzi's soul. "Discuss, my ass! Die for me! Soul Shattering Flame! "
"Zi zi zi …"
Wisps of green flames suddenly burst out of Old Man Evil's soul. He was burning his own soul!
The green flames emitted by Soul Ignition seemed to be extremely lethal to the soul. Even Luo Zheng, who was far away, could feel the extraordinary power and kept retreating.
Yin Yuanzi let out a shrill shriek as Old Man Evil's soul burned. At the same time, a layer of yellow light spread out from Yin Yuanzi's body. Within the light, there was a faint layer of a tortoise shell. It was clearly a soul martial skill, but it strengthened the soul's defense.
Unfortunately, Old Man Evil's Soul-Breaking Flame was extremely powerful. The moment the tortoiseshell appeared, it quickly cracked!
Yin Yuanzi also understood that Old Man Evil had gone mad. He clenched his teeth and began to burn his soul ….
However, just as he moved, a sharp aura shot at him from behind!
Luo Zheng's soul pressure once again transformed into small arrows that shot toward Yin Yuanzi … Although these small arrows couldn't penetrate Yin Yuanzi's defenses, he still had to deal with Luo Zheng as well as the Evil Old Man. It could be said that he was being attacked from both sides. How could he deal with this?
"Pu pu pu pu …."
Under the burning of the Soul-Breaking Flame, Yin Yuanzi's soul became extremely weak. Luo Zheng's small arrows could easily tear Yin Yuanzi's soul apart.
"We … can discuss …."
Yin Yuanzi couldn't finish his sentence. His entire soul was shattered by Luo Zheng's small arrows. The Soul-Breaking Flame quickly burned the fragments and burned his soul to nothing.
"Whoosh!"
At the last moment, an extremely small wisp of soul reverberated in Luo Zheng's mind. It was a wisp of Yin Yuanzi's soul. Some soul techniques could make one's soul extremely tenacious. Even if there was only a wisp of soul left, it still retained all of its memories. As long as it could find a suitable body, even if it was just the body of a divine citizen, it could still make a comeback!
Old Man Evil was still in a state of fury after burning his soul and didn't notice this wisp of soul. Thus, it quietly escaped from Luo Zheng's mind.
This wisp of soul was still secretly rejoicing that it was able to escape, but Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. A wisp of golden light flashed from his eyes, and a wisp of extremely sharp soul pressure shot out like a small arrow. It hit the wisp of soul precisely. This wisp of soul was extremely weak and was instantly destroyed by Luo Zheng ….
Luo Zheng blinked and then closed his eyes. Yin Yuanzi's wisp of soul contained his memories, and there were some secrets that Luo Zheng couldn't reveal. Thus, he had to eliminate the source of trouble.
Old Man Evil's soul was still in Luo Zheng's mind. However, after frantically burning his soul, he was now on the verge of death. The green flames had already been extinguished, and his soul was in a semi-transparent state. It was like a candle in the wind, about to collapse at any time.
He quietly floated in Luo Zheng's mind. This old man who had once committed all kinds of evil was now full of sorrow as he stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
"Sigh …."
Luo Zheng sighed softly. He slowly floated in front of Old Man Evil and sent out his soul power.
Although he knew that Old Man Evil wasn't a kind person, he had never harbored any evil intentions towards Luo Zheng. He had also promised to help him, but he didn't expect that there would be such a sudden change and that he would end up in such a state.
After Luo Zheng injected his soul power, Old Man Evil's soul was finally filled up a little.
Although a True God's soul was powerful, it wasn't easy to repair it if it was severely damaged. However, at least his soul was now far from collapsing.
"Why did you save me?"
Old Man Evil stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. According to Old Man Evil's logic, he was definitely not someone Luo Zheng could trust, and Luo Zheng wasn't that stupid.
Luo Zheng said, "I still need your help. You can't die now."
"My physical body is already damaged, my cultivation is gone, and my soul is like a candle. What's the difference between this and death? Hehe …. "Old Man Evil let out a self-deprecating laugh. Perhaps it was because his soul was weak, or perhaps it was because he was really sad, but there wasn't a trace of life on his face. He had lost the courage to live.
"Don't you still have a chance? You can still grab this chance. "Luo Zheng smiled.
"Grab this chance …."
Old Man Evil lowered his head and fell into deep thought. Previously, he was afraid of Mu Haiji and didn't dare to get involved in the battle between Saints. He only wanted to regain his glory in the Vast Sky Domain.
However, he was now just a remnant soul. What else did he have to worry about?
If Luo Zheng really achieved great things and even obtained a place in the Sage Hall, it wouldn't be impossible for him to help him recover his physical body and improve his cultivation!

Chapter 1750
In Old Man Evil's eyes, Luo Zheng's background and status were extraordinary.
Although the floating island that Luo Xiao had single-handedly constructed had already collapsed, Luo Xiao's disciples were still very active. This was especially true for Luo Xiao's chief disciple, Yu Taibai. Even now, he was still a well-known character in God's Domain!
However, Old Man Evil didn't understand why Luo Zheng had come to the Vast Sky Region like a headless fly the moment he stepped into the divine territory. Moreover, he was still loitering in this small mountain village in the north of the Vast Sky Region.
He didn't know that Luo Zheng had been sent to the Vast Sky Region because he was an illegal immigrant. The Vast Sky Region was chosen as Luo Zheng's first stop. After all, the Vast Sky Region was a small region and wouldn't attract much attention in the divine territory. Moreover, it was a relatively stable region and wouldn't be too dangerous.
"Although I, Old Man Evil, am a True God, my life's goal is to dominate a region. My methods back then were too bloody and ruthless, so I took on the name 'Evil'. Now that I've fallen into such a state, there's no hope. I don't care if I don't seize this opportunity. However, Luo Zheng, if you have any requests, I'll do everything I know."
When Old Man Evil said this to Luo Zheng, his sinister and vicious eyes were filled with sincerity. If others saw Old Man Evil's expression, they would be so shocked that their jaws would drop.
Luo Zheng smiled. Although Old Man Evil said this, it didn't mean that he didn't want to restore himself. Old Man Evil's words could be trusted, but there was no need to take them seriously. If there was a chance in the future, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't mistreat this person.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed. "Oh no!"
As it turned out, Old Man Evil and Yin Yuanzi had a fierce battle in Luo Zheng's mind. That Stone Forest Rat had already devoured Old Man Evil's dantian. The Stone Forest Rat leaped down from Old Man Evil's body with an unsatisfied expression on its face. Now, it was staring at Luo Zheng at the side of the cave, its bean-sized eyes flickering with faint light.
Even though Luo Zheng was only a Sector Lord, and in the eyes of the Stone Forest Rats, it was still not as delicious as a True God's dantian.
Thus, the Stone Forest Rat once again dashed toward Luo Zheng at an incredible speed.
"Run! This Stone Forest Rat is a unique True Spirit. Even if it has just hatched, it can still inherit most of its strength from its previous life! "
Evil Old Man said anxiously in Luo Zheng's mind.
Many true spirits in the Divine Realm all possessed all sorts of strange forms.
The so-called Unique True Spirit was the only one in the entire Divine Realm!
The Stone Forest Rat was a unique existence in the entire Divine Realm. There was no second Stone Forest Rat in the Divine Realm. It could not reproduce, but it had a miraculous talent of "reincarnation".
Once a Stone Forest Rat was killed, a strange rat-shaped rock would form in one of the mountains in the Divine Realm. After countless years of absorbing Heaven Earth Yuan Qi, this rat-shaped rock would slowly evolve into a Stone Forest Rat. This Stone Forest Rat was actually the "reincarnation" of the previous Stone Forest Rat. After successfully reincarnating, the Stone Forest Rat would possess most of its strength from its previous life. Thus, when a Stone Forest Rat hatched from a rock, its strength would be even stronger than an intermediate True God!
How could the current Luo Zheng be a match for this Stone Forest Rat?
Luo Zheng had seen what happened to Yin Yuanzi and Evil Old Man Evil. How could he dare to stop? He entered the small hole at the side!
"Run to the left!"
This small hole was originally carved out by Evil Old Man Evil many years ago. Evil Old Man Evil was naturally very familiar with the path in this hole. At this moment, he constantly reminded Luo Zheng.
However, even though Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow, rodents were best at speed. The Stone Forest Rat was much faster than Luo Zheng when it caught up.
"Squeak squeak squeak!"
The Stone Forest Rat had inherited most of its strength from its previous life. As it chased after Luo Zheng, it let out a sharp squeak. There was a hint of playfulness in its squeak!
As it climbed along the side of the small hole, its speed was extraordinarily fast. The distance between it and Luo Zheng was constantly closing.
In the blink of an eye, the Stone Forest Rat was only three to four feet away from Luo Zheng. Its small but powerful legs kicked off the ground as it pounced straight at Luo Zheng!
"Eight Winding Smoke!"
Luo Zheng frowned. Unable to fly in the air or perform greater teleportation, he could only use his movement skill!
Although the Stone Forest Rat was fast, it did not expect Luo Zheng's movement skill to be so ingenious. Although its pounce was fast, after Luo Zheng used his movement skill, his entire body was like a piece of weightless paper. The Stone Forest Rat pushed Luo Zheng forward. Its sharp fangs were always two inches away from Luo Zheng.
Seeing this opportunity, Luo Zheng increased his speed and dashed along the cave!
However, the Stone Forest Rat was indeed extraordinarily intelligent. After its first pounce was dodged by Luo Zheng, it seemed to have seen through the ingenuity of the Eight Winding Smoke. It took advantage of the opportunity to bounce off the wall of the cave and pounce again from another angle.
The angle from which it pounced forced Luo Zheng into a corner of the cave. Although Luo Zheng's Eight Winding Smoke was nimble, it still required space to move backward. After being forced into a corner, Luo Zheng could only move along the wall of the cave. This time, the Stone Forest Rat successfully got close to Luo Zheng. It extended its two slender fangs and charged at Luo Zheng's lower abdomen!
Bang!
Following a muffled sound, the Stone Forest Rat's fangs did not pierce Luo Zheng's dantian. This was because of Luo Zheng's Concentric Garment!
Although the True Gods had many methods to penetrate the Concentric Garment and injure Luo Zheng behind it, the Concentric Garment was ultimately made by the Craftsman Saint. The Concentric Garment, which was made from the Divine Spark's Origin, was still an unbreakable existence.
The Stone Forest Rat used its two fangs to charge forward, but it was as if it had hit an iron plate. It was unable to injure Luo Zheng at all.
"Your garment …"
Seeing that Luo Zheng was unable to avoid the Stone Forest Rat, the Evil Old Man thought to himself that he was done for. He did not expect Luo Zheng's garment to be so magical. Naturally, he was extremely surprised.
Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!
The Stone Forest Rat let out an angry squeak. It also understood that Luo Zheng's ordinary garment was indestructible. It pounced again and actually burrowed into Luo Zheng's clothes!
Luo Zheng's Concentric Garment could move as he wished. At a critical moment, it could instantly cover his entire body. However, the Stone Forest Rat's reaction and speed far exceeded Luo Zheng's. Before he could cover his entire body with the Concentric Garment, he felt a sharp pain in his shoulder. The Stone Forest Rat had actually burrowed into his body through his shoulder.
Luo Zheng's body was tougher than the Evil Old Man and Yin Yuanzi's, but the Stone Forest Rat had some kind of magical ability. No matter how tough something was, it was unable to obstruct it. It was actually able to move freely through Luo Zheng's body!
Not long after, the Stone Forest Rat burrowed into Luo Zheng's lower abdomen. Its fangs pierced into Luo Zheng's dantian.
However, the instant the Stone Forest Rat's fangs entered, the black lines around Luo Zheng's dantian suddenly glowed and quickly wrapped around the Stone Forest Rat's fangs. These black lines actually prevented the Stone Forest Rat from devouring Luo Zheng's inner world.
It turned out that the purpose of these black lines was to cut off Luo Zheng's connection with his inner world. Whether it was from the outside in or from the inside out, they would all be blocked by the black lines!
The Stone Forest Rat wanted to burrow into Luo Zheng's dantian, so it naturally triggered these black lines!

Chapter 1751
The Stone Forest Rat suddenly jumped, wanting to use its fangs to break the black threads!
These black threads were very difficult to deal with. Luo Zheng used his golden blood to dissolve them, and now there was only a small portion of the threads left tied to his dantian. He did not expect that the Stone Forest Rat's fangs would be able to break these black threads one by one!
After the last black thread broke, the Stone Forest Rat did not hesitate. It stabbed its fangs into Luo Zheng's dantian and hurriedly sucked in the world within his body.
Now, Luo Zheng felt his body go numb. He could not help but tremble, unable to resist at all. He was extremely anxious.
When Old Man Extreme Evil saw this, he was also helpless. This Stone Forest Rat's ability was too powerful. If he could completely control this little guy before it hatched, it would definitely be a great help!
Unfortunately, the Stone Forest Rat woke up on its own. After inheriting its past memories, it became a newly born demon. Even a True God would have to avoid it.
However, the Stone Forest Rat had just sucked in a few mouthfuls when it suddenly pulled out its fangs. It screeched in pain and actually crawled out of Luo Zheng's shoulder. It fell to the ground and waved its limbs crazily as it crawled away …
When Old Man Extreme Evil saw this scene in Luo Zheng's mind, his eyes widened in disbelief.
"What, what's wrong with this Stone Forest Rat!?"
After the Stone Forest Rat pulled its fangs out of Luo Zheng's dantian, Luo Zheng's body returned to normal. Although the Stone Forest Rat had drilled through his body and caused him many internal injuries, Luo Zheng could still endure the pain. He looked at the Stone Forest Rat with a face full of amazement and understood in a moment.
The Stone Forest Rat's ability to devour the world within its body was actually a method of absorbing true essence. However, the Stone Forest Rat was absorbing the entire world, including the secondary life forms. This was a very unique innate ability.
However, the world within Luo Zheng's dantian was formed directly from the aura of chaos, and the aura of chaos was highly toxic to life forms!
In the divine realm, only the Sages could resist the poison of the aura of chaos and roam the world outside the divine realm.
As for the true essence absorbed by the other True Gods, they relied on the four sacred trees to convert the aura of chaos into Heaven Earth Yuan Qi before they could absorb it normally.
The roots of the four sacred trees extended outside the divine realm. As they absorbed the aura of chaos, the roots that were tens of millions of miles long were also corroded by the aura of chaos. However, the four sacred trees had unique with their unique with their tenacious vitality. When the aura of chaos corroded a portion of their roots, they would quickly grow with it.
The Stone Forest Rat sucked the Chaotic Qi into its body. How could it resist the toxicity of the Chaotic Qi?
The aura of chaos had always been Luo Zheng's most secretive weapon.
However, the implications of the Primal Chaos Secret Technique were too great. Luo Zheng had never used it directly. He only extracted the aura of chaos and used it as true essence.
Some experts in the universe had already guessed that Luo Zheng possessed the aura of chaos, including the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword. However, they could not figure out where Luo Zheng's aura of chaos came from.
Now that he was in the divine realm, Luo Zheng could only be more careful. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he would not directly release the aura of chaos!
Although the Evil Old Man was extremely confused, he also guessed that Luo Zheng's dantian might contain poison. However, what kind of poison could kill a unique true spirit like the Stone Forest Rat? Moreover, how could such a poison be hidden in the dantian?
Although Luo Zheng did not explain it to him, no matter what, he had managed to keep his life …
The danger here had been eliminated. Luo Zheng immediately sat down cross-legged and activated his dantian to heal himself.
Just now, the Stone Forest Rat had burrowed into Luo Zheng's shoulder, leaving a bloody wound in his body. Even his internal organs had been damaged.
Fortunately, the Stone Forest Rat had helped Luo Zheng cut off those troublesome black threads, opening up the barrier between Luo Zheng and his dantian. It could be considered that the seal had been broken in advance.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to extract the aura of chaos to heal himself, his expression suddenly changed. He quickly transformed into an Inner Body Clone and escaped into his inner world.
During this time, Luo Zheng had completely lost contact with his inner world. He was unable to monitor the changes in his inner world.
In this short period of time, the vast inner world had gone through a long period of time. The living beings within had undergone earth-shattering changes!
Under Luo Zheng's protection, humanity had experienced rapid development. Several great Divine Kingdoms had been overthrown and a peerless powerhouse had been born – the Evil Deities.
This Evil Deities had a Divine Transformation Realm cultivation. Within Luo Zheng's inner world, the Evil Deities were the strongest powerhouses there were.
Under the rule of the Evil Deities, the several continents that had been split apart were all recovered by him, forming the largest Holy Land – the Evil Cloud Holy Land!
As for the Evil Deities, he considered himself a 'God'. He announced to the world that it was he, the Evil Deities, who had created the entire world.
At the start, the Evil Deities' words were rejected by the people of the world. However, the Evil Deities were ruthless and ruthless. Anyone who dared to question him was slaughtered. Because of this, the Evil Deities had slaughtered over three million humans.
Luo Zheng's inner world was still small. All the humans within it added up to only a little over ten million. The Evil Deities had actually killed nearly a third of the population.
After learning of this, Luo Zheng was naturally furious!
At this moment, his incarnation was standing high in the sky, overlooking the continents below. His gaze finally locked onto a gray continent. As the master of his inner world, Luo Zheng possessed omniscient and omnipotent abilities. With just a thought, he knew that the Evil Deities were on this continent.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng's figure immediately floated towards that continent!
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that just as he was halfway there, the nine stars in the sky suddenly began to revolve. Mysterious runes condensed on the surface of each of the nine stars, and a colorful source of strength shot out from those runes.
These sources of strength gathered together, turning into a colorful arrow that shot towards Luo Zheng!
"Eh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face was filled with disbelief!
As the master of his inner world, he had never used these sources of strength before. However, these sources of strength actually took the initiative to attack him ….
Although these runes weren't strong, they had truly extracted the source of strength. Just this arrow alone was enough to kill a normal sector lord.
However, wanting to kill Luo Zheng was a fantasy. After all, Luo Zheng himself was the true master of the nine stars. When the colorful arrow was an inch away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng spat out the word "Freeze". The arrow strangely stopped in front of his chest, unable to move an inch further!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1752
Then, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and the rainbow-colored arrow turned into beams of light that returned to the nine stars!
Luo Zheng looked down once more, a cold sneer on his face.
He never imagined that such a genius would be born in his inner world. The Evil Deities knew of his existence and had created nine divine runes on their own. Then, they placed these nine divine runes into the nine stars and waited for him to enter his inner world before borrowing the power of the nine stars to kill him!
Not to mention that the Evil Deities had no chance of succeeding, just being able to do this was enough to make Luo Zheng praise them.
"Let me see just what sort of amazing and extraordinary character you are." Luo Zheng coldly sneered. Then, he continued to sneak towards the continent …
Because of Luo Zheng's support, the human forces in his inner world were the strongest and most prosperous.
In the center of this continent, there was a Law Tablet that Luo Zheng had thrown down. Now, this Law Tablet had been moved to the highest palace and was enshrined as a divine object. It was impossible for an ordinary martial artist to meditate on this Law Tablet!
Luo Zheng couldn't stop this behavior. Although these life forms were born in Luo Zheng's inner world, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to control their thoughts.
To hide their treasures for themselves, this was the natural instinct of all life forms!
Atop a high mountain, there was a massive sacrificial altar. Hundreds of thousands of martial artists were gathered around the altar, constantly bowing to a statue on the altar. This was the statue of the Evil Deities themselves.
"They're collecting the power of faith …"
After the Evil Deities reached the peak of their cultivation in Luo Zheng's inner world, their cultivation was unable to progress any further.
This was because Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the World Lord realm. Thus, the Evil Deities could only cultivate to the Divine Transformation realm at most. In order to become stronger, the Evil Deities had actually thought of using the power of faith!
Currently, Luo Zheng didn't need the power of faith. Before he condensed his Godhead, the power of faith in his inner world wasn't of much use to him. Only after he condensed his Godhead did the power of faith turn into 'Force', and his strength rose to a higher level!
However, now that the Evil Deities were trying to collect the Faith Power of the entire world, it was not a good thing for Luo Zheng. After all, the Faith Power was limited. If the Evil Deities continued to build their own totems, it would have a far-reaching impact on the world. When that time came, it would be troublesome for Luo Zheng to eliminate this influence.
A palace was built on one side of the towering mountain.
Under the support of three stone pillars that were two thousand feet long, the entire palace was suspended in the air. On the outermost circular terrace of the palace, one could see the entire coastline of the Eastern Continent.
On this terrace stood a man and a woman. The man's face was as sharp as a knife and his expression was cold and stern. The woman was delicate and beautiful, slender and elegant.
This man was the strongest powerhouse in the world and was given the honorific title of 'Evil Deities' by the people of the world. As for the woman, she was the princess of the Imperial Celestial Dynasty and also the wife of Evil Deities.
"He's here. The power of the Nine Stars really can't do anything to him …" The Evil Deities' eyes were calm and steady. He knew that he was about to face an invincible enemy, the God of Creation of this world!
The woman leaned on the broad shoulders of the Evil Deities, a worried expression on her face. "From the traces left behind in history, this person has a heart of universal love. Why must you make an enemy out of him?"
Hearing this, the Evil Deities revealed a proud and aloof expression. "I, the Evil Deities, have lived my life as a human, so how can I live under someone else's roof? I've always been the one controlling others. No one can control my fate! "
In order to fight against Luo Zheng, the Evil Deities had made many preparations. He had collected some traces left behind by Luo Zheng in history and found some key evidence from legends. He had even estimated Luo Zheng's strength through speculation!
"But he's much stronger than you," the woman said softly.
The Evil Deities sneered. "He is indeed much stronger, but not by much. Although I'm the only one in this world who has cultivated to the Divine Transformation Realm, according to my speculations, there should only be two realms above the Divine Transformation Realm. After crossing these two realms, one's cultivation will reach the end!"
In this world, there were no martial artists at the Extreme Divine Realm or the World Lord realm. But, the Evil Deities had relied on his own abilities to infer that Luo Zheng was at the World Lord realm. It was just that he didn't know the exact definition and strength of the World Lord realm.
Moreover, he didn't know that above the World Lord realm there were Empyreans, True Divinities, and even Saints … the Evil Deities was limited to Luo Zheng's inner world. To be able to infer two realms was already incredible.
"With my current strength, I can even defeat an opponent one realm higher than me. He is two realms higher than me. Combined with my previous arrangements, I still have a chance!" The Evil Deities coldly said, his eyes filled with determination.
What he didn't know was that once Luo Zheng truly died, his inner world would also collapse. Everything in this world would disintegrate, finally dissipating into the chaos.
Woosh …
Luo Zheng drew a thin line in the air, climbed over the mountain, circled around the palace, and slowly approached the outermost balcony of the palace, looking down at the man on the balcony.
"You … are the Evil Deities?" Luo Zheng lightly asked.
The Evil Deities grinned, then grabbed the woman who was hugging him and leaped to a higher level. Looking down at Luo Zheng, he smiled and said, "Yes, I am!"
"Remove the totems you use to gather the power of faith and disband your Evil Cloud Holy Land. Then, I will spare your life. Otherwise, die," Luo Zheng said.
The woman blinked and looked up at the God of Creation of this world from several hundred feet away. She pursed her lips and didn't say a word. According to many historical records, this God of Creation was very kind and amiable. He had also prevented martial artists from killing each other many times. He had also condensed the Laws he comprehended into Law Tablets and erected them all over the world for martial artists to study and cultivate.
Subconsciously, she didn't want to be enemies with the God of Creation. After all, he was the creator of this world, and every living creature in this world was created by him!
However, her husband had great ambitions and was unwilling to be trapped in this small world. He knew that there was a wider space in the outside world, and even predicted that there was an existence more powerful than the God of Creation in the outside world.
Therefore, she could only come up with a crazy plan with her husband, the God Slaying Plan.
Borrowing the power of the Nine Stars to kill Luo Zheng was only the first step. Of course, it failed, but it was also expected. However, the moment she saw Luo Zheng, she had a faint premonition that her husband was destined to lose everything …
"Spare my life?" The Evil Deities' smile was blazing. "Since I, the Evil Deities, was born, no one has ever spared my life. You are not qualified!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
He was very protective of the creatures in his Inner World. If this Evil Deities could agree to his request, he would indeed spare him. Many times, Luo Zheng was unwilling to break the balance of his Inner World and let the creatures develop on their own.
Moreover, this Evil Deities indeed had extraordinary creativity and talent. He was also qualified to be arrogant. Unfortunately, he didn't understand how ignorant his arrogance was …

Chapter 1753
"Hmph!"
Evil Deities snorted coldly, and a sharp light flashed in his eyes. Specks of starlight shot out from the palace.
There were a total of nine specks of starlight, which corresponded to the nine stars in the sky!
"Borrowing the power of the stars?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
After some Saints constructed the universe, they would usually hide the nine stars, and the living beings in the universe would not be able to borrow the power source. It was almost impossible to see a situation like Jiu Sheng, who casually allowed the Mountain Crushing Race to use his own power source.
Luo Zheng constructed the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and had already placed the nine stars into his body in advance, so he did not interfere too much. Evil Deities relied on his own talent to observe the heavens every night and also developed a set of star battle techniques!
"Hong long long …"
The nine stars in the sky began to revolve, and in the process, Luo Zheng felt that almost one percent of his power source disappeared!
The nine specks of starlight behind Evil Deities grew rapidly, and those specks of starlight swept towards Evil Deities like a waterfall.
The woman beside Evil Deities floated lightly in the air, closed her eyes, and put her delicate palms together. When her palms separated, a ray of light was pulled out by her hands, and that ray of light quickly turned into a purple longsword.
From this longsword, a rich power of faith was emitted. This sword was actually a weapon of faith.
As she lightly tossed the longsword, the nine specks of white light quickly entered the sword. Evil Deities caught the sword, suddenly turned in the air, and slashed towards Luo Zheng!
Faced with Evil Deities' slash, Luo Zheng smiled slightly and praised, "What a profound sword technique, was this also created by you?"
After he finished speaking, he stretched out a finger and lightly flicked the sword at an extremely fast speed!
"Ding!"
A melodious sound rang out, and the longsword was flicked to the side by Luo Zheng.
Evil Deities' expression darkened, and he took the opportunity to pull the sword back, sending out a Sword Ray. He turned around and slashed at Luo Zheng again. His sword was unrivaled in the world, but Luo Zheng still stretched out a finger and lightly flicked it.
"Ding!"
With this flick, the sword was once again deflected away.
Evil Deities' attacks were getting faster and faster. Luo Zheng's finger attacks were also getting faster and faster. As a result, a series of rhythmic crisp sounds could be heard in the air!
However, Evil Deities had gone all out, while Luo Zheng had only used one finger. The difference in strength between the two was obvious!
"Do you think I'm qualified now?" Luo Zheng asked, pinching his sword with two fingers.
At this moment, Evil Deities suddenly revealed a mysterious smile. "Not enough!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the woman who was watching the battle not far away suddenly closed her eyes. Halos of light spread out from the top of her head. These halos of light were like water ripples.
At the same time that a halo appeared above her head, a halo also appeared above Luo Zheng's head, enveloping Luo Zheng!
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng was stunned and suddenly felt that he couldn't move!
Those halos actually cut off the connection between Luo Zheng's soul and his incarnation!
"Die …"
As soon as Evil Deities finished speaking, he suddenly pushed his sword forward. The nine halos of light on the sword suddenly erupted with a powerful force, breaking away from Luo Zheng's hand and slashing toward Luo Zheng's incarnation.
"Puchi!"
The long sword pierced Luo Zheng's body, slicing him in two, and fell to the ground.
Luo Zheng's incarnation was formed by chaotic energy and a thought. After this incarnation was cut in two, no blood flowed out. As it fell, it turned into strands of chaotic energy and began to dissipate. Soon, it disappeared from Evil Deities' sight!
"Did he succeed …"
The woman looked at the disappearing body of the God of Creation with disbelief in her beautiful eyes. She didn't expect that killing a God of Creation would be so easy!
Evil Deities's face showed a trace of arrogance. "I said that even a God of Creation has a weakness! This person's character is destined to end up like this! "
Before Luo Zheng arrived, Evil Deities and she had analyzed Luo Zheng's character and judged how Luo Zheng would react. It could be said that they had taken advantage of Luo Zheng's kindness.
In the inner worlds of many martial artists, there would be traitors like the Evil God that would appear. Their method of dealing with these traitors was to directly obliterate them!
After losing his incarnation, Luo Zheng opened his eyes with a dumbfounded expression on his face. He had actually been schemed against by the creatures in his Inner World. Fortunately, he was the only one who knew about this. If word of this spread, he was afraid that others would laugh their heads off.
Just now, that woman had used some kind of secret technique to cut off the connection between his soul and his incarnation. Luo Zheng hadn't expected this move.
However, to Luo Zheng, an incarnation was just a mass of chaotic energy. Creating an incarnation was just a matter of thought for Luo Zheng.
Evil Deities couldn't be ignored, so he closed his eyes again and condensed an incarnation in his Inner World. Then, he disappeared and reappeared in front of Evil Deities.
After killing the God of Creation, Evil Deities had a smug smile on his face. But at this moment, his smile suddenly froze on his face.
"You can continue," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Evil Deities stared at Luo Zheng, speechless for a long time. Although he was extremely smart, he had no concept of the real world. He also couldn't imagine that the God of Creation was just an incarnation that could be created at any time!
As the light in his eyes flickered, he suddenly burst out with a roar. He waved the long sword in his hand again. The nine stars on the sword shone, and the sword rays attacked Luo Zheng like a storm!
This time, Luo Zheng turned his head and smiled at the woman. Just now, Luo Zheng's incarnation was defeated by this woman's divine ability. After Luo Zheng stared at her, she couldn't move at all.
At the same time, he pointed his index finger at the long sword. An irresistible force blocked the long sword. With a light tap of his index finger, the long sword broke into pieces!
Evil Deities was just stunned when Luo Zheng disappeared from his sight. Just like how Luo Zheng had suddenly appeared, Luo Zheng disappeared without any fluctuation of laws. Evil Deities couldn't capture Luo Zheng's figure at all!
"Although you are smart and realize that you exist in an illusory world, your mind is still shackled by an insurmountable barrier … …"
Luo Zheng's voice drifted in from all directions.
Evil Deities raised his head and looked around, but he still couldn't sense any fluctuations of energy. Luo Zheng's methods were completely beyond his comprehension!
Boom!
In the instant that Luo Zheng appeared, his knee slammed into Evil Deities' face.
Boom … …
Under the impact, the Evil God was smashed into the palace below.
In this world, the Evil God's palace was called the Temple of Marvels by the common people. Under this impact, the three 20,000 foot high stone pillars beneath the palace also collapsed!
Smoke and dust billowed, and rubble fell … …
Evil Deities was embedded in the mountain. He looked up at Luo Zheng in the sky, the flames in his eyes still burning fiercely. Even if he was at the end of the road, he wouldn't admit defeat.
As for the woman imprisoned by Luo Zheng, her face was also deathly pale. Just as she had predicted, her husband had suffered a crushing defeat. There was no room for resistance. This wasn't a contest of strength on the same level.
"I … … can let you see the real world, but now is not the time," Luo Zheng continued.
Luo Zheng had already tried to place the creatures in his inner world into the universe. The creatures wouldn't disintegrate. According to Luo Zheng's deduction, his inner world was on the same level as the Realm of the Gods. Logically speaking, the creatures in his inner world shouldn't encounter any obstacles when entering the Realm of the Gods!

Chapter 1754
"I don't need to lie to you. In fact, I only need a thought to kill you," Luo Zheng continued to say to Evil Deities.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Evil Deities' heart suddenly trembled.
His wife had long deduced that the God of Creation seemed to have the ability to kill any living being. He was not someone who could be defeated by strength alone …
However, Evil Deities was extremely stubborn. He was bent on killing the God of Creation, which was why he had come to this step.
Now it seemed that all his arrangements and strategies were simply childish and ridiculous in the eyes of the God of Creation. Luo Zheng could have killed him directly, but he still gave him a chance!
"You … why did you give me such a chance?" Evil Deities asked cautiously. Luo Zheng's way of dealing with things was completely different from Evil Deities' philosophy. Evil Deities believed that once he failed, he would die without a burial place. He could not understand why Luo Zheng would not only spare him, but also help him!
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Do as I say. You are not qualified to collect the power of faith. I gave you a chance, but it has nothing to do with you."
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's incarnation quietly dissipated …
His wife also regained her freedom of movement. She hurriedly flew over and called out, "Husband, are you okay?"
Evil Deities was still embedded in the mountain, lost in thought.
"Husband, why did he give you a chance, but tell you that it has nothing to do with you?" The woman also did not understand Luo Zheng's words.
Evil Deities was stunned. He muttered Luo Zheng's words repeatedly …
"It has nothing to do with me … It has nothing to do with me …"
Soon after, Evil Deities narrowed his eyes and revealed a bitter smile. He said to his wife, "If I spare an ant, is it because of the ant itself?"
The woman shook her head. "Of course not."
"In his eyes, I'm just an ant," Evil Deities said helplessly.
The woman blinked her eyes and suddenly understood. She comforted, "He … is a life form that we cannot understand. It's normal for him to see us as ants."
Unexpectedly, Evil Deities also smiled coldly. The two flames in his eyes burned crazily. "I want to prove to him that even if I am an ant, I will be an extremely special ant!"
In fact, in Luo Zheng's eyes, Evil Deities was an extremely special ant.
As the population base in his inner world increased, there would always be some strange creatures born. With the ability of "omniscience", Luo Zheng knew that Evil Deities had completely comprehended the tablet of laws he had transformed into. Not only that, he had also entered the icy continent and comprehended a part of the "Ice Soul Devil Flame" ability. In addition, his attainments in the dao of runes had reached the peak!
Luo Zheng did not transfer the dao of runes into his inner world. However, Evil Deities used his own comprehension to drive the power of the Nine Stars through primitive runes. This kind of talent and comprehension ability would be quite amazing even in the divine realm, let alone in the universe.
Encountering such a person, Luo Zheng naturally cherished his talent. Therefore, he only had him dispel the belief totem and eliminate the belief totem of "Evil Deities". This was to prevent it from affecting Luo Zheng's ability to use the power of faith in the future.
Once Evil Deities set a goal, he would do his best to achieve it. Moreover, he was quite good at guessing people's minds.
He understood that Luo Zheng did not like him collecting the power of faith, so he immediately disbanded his own esoteric religion. At the same time, he also disbanded the sacred land of Evil Deities. However, relying on the core subordinates in the sacred land, he began to rearrange the belief totem on several continents in the world …
However, this belief totem did not belong to Evil Deities. It was Luo Zheng's belief totem. At the same time, it spread all kinds of legends about the God of Creation.
This process went very smoothly. After all, legends about the "God of Creation" and "World Entrusting Venerable" had been circulating since ancient times in this world. In fact, when Evil Deities first started collecting the power of faith, they encountered considerable resistance. After all, all kinds of legends about Luo Zheng had been circulating in this world, and people had always worshipped Luo Zheng as the God of Creation.
Previously, in order to collect the power of faith, Evil Deities needed to erase the legends about Luo Zheng. At one point, they had slaughtered almost a third of the human population … At the current stage, Luo Zheng did not need the power of faith for the time being. However, in the future, when the God of Creation condensed, it would be very important to convert the power of faith into "influence" …
By the time Luo Zheng came out of his inner world, the wound caused by the Stone Forest Rat had almost healed.
He had just gotten up when he heard the Evil Old Man sigh in his mind. He said regretfully, "Although I don't know how terrifying your poison skills are, it's really a pity that you killed this Stone Forest Rat with poison."
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and retorted, "What's there to pity? If I hadn't killed this rat with poison, I would be dead by now. Besides, your physical body was also destroyed by this Stone Forest Rat. Shouldn't you feel deep hatred for this little thing?"
However, the Evil Old Man continued, "You don't know how precious this Stone Forest Rat is. Back then, a True God was canonized because of this Stone Forest Rat! Seven Divine Epochs ago, in order to obtain this Stone Forest Rat, I gambled everything I had. I thought I had won the gamble, but I didn't expect the Stone Forest Rat to hatch prematurely. I missed the opportunity to sign a contract with it … "
The memories of a true spirit would not be severed.
This Stone Forest Rat had assisted an Ancient Sage in becoming a True God. Later on, that Ancient Sage died, so naturally, the Stone Forest Rat died as well!
However, the Stone Forest Rat would not truly die. After it was "reincarnated", it turned into a strange rat-shaped stone again. After its resurrection, the Stone Forest Rat signed a contract with another Realm of the Gods warrior. Although that Realm of the Gods warrior did not become a True God, he successfully became a True God and cultivated to the Great Perfection Realm …
It could be said that once one signed a soul contract with the Stone Forest Rat, it was equivalent to obtaining the key to a huge treasure vault!
"It's a pity." Luo Zheng shrugged and prepared to leave. The Evil Old Man said, "I've been telling you for half a day … this Stone Forest Rat is so precious. Are you planning to leave it here?"
"Isn't this rat dead? What's the use of it …" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Just as the Evil Old Man said, the Stone Forest Rat's magic did not lie in its magical abilities, but in the memories passed down by the Stone Forest Rat as a true spirit.
What was the use of a dead Stone Forest Rat?
"You know too little about the Realm of the Gods," the Evil Old Man said helplessly. "Even if the Stone Forest Rat was only a carcass left, it would still attract countless True Gods to fight over it. Even the wealthy families of the floating islands would not give up on it!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Because through the Stone Forest Rat's carcass, you can find the place where it was' reincarnated '. You can be the first to dig out the rat-shaped stone. Even if you can only use it to exchange, the value of this rat carcass is beyond your imagination!" the Evil Old Man explained patiently.
Luo Zheng suddenly understood. He also knew that the Stone Forest Rat's carcass was valuable. Even if he did not need the rat's memories in the future, he could still exchange the Stone Forest Rat's carcass!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stepped forward and put away the rat carcass.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1755
Now that Old Man Evil had fallen to such a state, he no longer cared about the Stone Forest Rats. Instead, he was focused on helping Luo Zheng.
After he asked Luo Zheng to put away the rat carcass, he guided Luo Zheng through the narrow cave. When Luo Zheng walked out of the cave, he was already in a mountain stream a hundred miles away from Meng Village.
This path was originally connected to the cave underneath Meng Village. Many years ago, Old Man Evil had dug this path using the 'Art of Getting Lost'. The path extended and changed, forming an unsolvable maze underground.
In the past, some villagers of Meng Village had mistakenly entered the cave, but they were unable to solve the maze and were trapped to death. On his way out, Luo Zheng saw a few skeletons. Most of them belonged to the villagers of Meng Village who had lost their way …
After crossing the mountain stream, Luo Zheng returned to Meng Village. The Sun Moon Fort Chief and the group of warriors were still standing on the same spot, waiting for him.
When they saw the collapse of Meng Village, they knew something was wrong. The Sun Moon Fort Chief led his men up the mountain. Looking at the bottomless pit below Meng Village, no one dared to go down to investigate.
Without seeing Old Man Evil, none of them dared to leave. They could only wait here.
Half a day later, they saw Luo Zheng coming out alone.
"Young … Young Master Luo, where did you come from? Have you seen my Patriarch? "The Sun Moon Fort Chief stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
With Old Man Evil's return, if he could rebuild the seventy-two forts, the Sun Moon Fort Chief would be put in an important position. His day of attaining the Dao of Divinity was just around the corner. Naturally, he was concerned about Old Man Evil's condition.
"You mean Old Man Evil?" Luo Zheng scratched his head and said, "I almost fell to my death. In a daze, I walked out of a cave. As for where he is now, I don't know …"
"You don't know?" The Sun Moon Fort Chief and his men looked at each other. Seeing Luo Zheng's confused face, they didn't worry about him and didn't ask any more questions. Instead, they discussed how to get a rope to go down and look for him.
The Evil Old Man's sigh sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
He had indeed returned to the Vast Sky Territory to bring glory to the 72 Strongholds. After all, he could not bear to see the Sun Moon Stronghold in such a state. However, the Evil Old Man did not have the ability to do anything now. He could only let Luo Zheng deal with him and let them fend for themselves.
The villagers of Meng Village had also returned one after another. When they saw what had happened to their village, all of them were filled with grief.
Luckily, these villagers had evacuated from Meng Village in advance. If they hadn't, the collapse of Meng Village would have killed more than half of the villagers.
Since the Sun and Moon Village was no longer looking for trouble with them, these God's people had no choice but to build new houses on the other side of the hill. The vegetable fields they used to live in were still there, and Meng Village could be rebuilt.
Now that Luo Zheng's dantian had been unsealed, there was no need for him to stay here.
After Luo Zheng came to Meng Village, Xiaowen's understanding of the Martial Dao had improved by leaps and bounds. However, because it had only been a short time, Xiaowen had not made any breakthroughs in his cultivation. However, the Martial Dao that Luo Zheng had imparted to him had obviously surpassed that of his elder brother, Xiaowen. Of course, Xiaowen was reluctant to let Luo Zheng leave. However, he also understood that with his current strength, it was impossible for him to follow Luo Zheng. He could only secretly encourage himself in his heart. If he could become a Divine Martial Artist one day, he would leave this mountain village immediately and look for his Master, Luo Tianxing!
Half a month later …
In a nameless mountain to the north of the Vast Sky Territory.
Luo Zheng stood in front of a protruding mountain wall halfway up the mountain. He could see the snowy plains in the distance.
The Vast Sky Territory was only a small territory in the Divine Realm. However, it was still so huge that it was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. The most terrifying thing was that he could not fly in the air, let alone use Greater Teleportation.
With Luo Zheng's walking speed, it would probably take him more than a thousand years to traverse the Vast Sky Territory on foot …
"How far is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Soon. It's on top of this mountain …" Old Man Extreme Evil said.
Back then, Old Man Extreme Evil had hidden some things in the mountains to the north of the Vast Sky Territory. What Luo Zheng was looking for now was the belongings that Old Man Extreme Evil had left behind seven divine eras ago.
"Caw caw caw …"
Luo Zheng stopped in front of the mountain wall for a while. Dozens of strange-looking fire birds flew toward Luo Zheng.
He suddenly raised his head, and his eyes flashed with a sharp light!
"Caw —"
Those fire birds let out a series of miserable shrieks and fell into a ten-thousand-foot-tall cliff.
Using soul suppression to kill these ferocious beasts in the Divine Realm was the fastest and most convenient method.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. You're just a Realm Lord, but your soul is already so powerful. When you condense a Godhead in the future, how powerful will your soul be if it advances further?"
Old Man Extreme Evil said in his mind.
Luo Zheng didn't reply. Old Man Extreme Evil knew some of his secrets. He even knew that he was the son of Luo Xiao and had a grudge against Mu Hai. However, it didn't mean that he would reveal everything to Old Man Extreme Evil, at least not now.
He suddenly stomped on the ground and jumped twenty to twenty feet high. Like an agile monkey, he hung on a rock at the top of the mountain wall. Then, he exerted strength in his arms and swung up again, flipping over and climbing to the next platform.
After climbing like this for two days, Luo Zheng finally reached the top of this nameless mountain.
"Do you see that triangular rock?" Old Man Extreme Evil reminded.
Luo Zheng looked around and saw a triangular rock. It was like a mini pyramid at the top of the mountain.
Following the method taught by Old Man Extreme Evil, Luo Zheng approached the rock and pressed down. At the same time, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It won't be taken away by someone again, right?"
Four days ago, Luo Zheng had also done the same thing on another mountain under Old Man Extreme Evil's guidance. However, the item on that mountain had already been taken away. Even though Old Man Extreme Evil had hidden the item well, seven divine eras was too long ago. It was inevitable that someone would unintentionally find it …
"It shouldn't be!" Old Man Extreme Evil gritted his teeth. He wasn't very confident.
Just as he finished speaking, the triangular rock sank down. Following a muffled sound, a small pit appeared in front of Luo Zheng. In this pit, there were some black discs!
Luo Zheng jumped into the pit and picked up one of the black discs. He held it in his hand and examined it carefully.
These black discs were rough to the touch. Luo Zheng could faintly feel that they contained some kind of special power. However, Luo Zheng couldn't understand this power and couldn't tell what use it had. "What the hell is this? A magic treasure or a rare material? "
"Neither!" Old Man Extreme Evil said calmly. "This is the currency circulating in the divine realm, Shenwu coins!"
"Shenwu coins?" Luo Zheng raised an eyebrow and couldn't help but roll his eyes. "And there are only a few hundred of them … You want me to travel for half a month?"
Previously, Luo Zheng had planned to go directly to the "Mirror City" in the north of the Vast Sky Territory. Mirror City was one of the seven divine cities in the north of the Vast Sky Territory. However, Old Man Extreme Evil insisted that Luo Zheng find something and told Luo Zheng that without these things, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to move even a single step!
"Hehe, don't underestimate Shenwu coins. Some True Gods' entire wealth might only be worth a few hundred Shenwu coins." Old Man Extreme Evil chuckled. "Without Shenwu coins, even if you reach Mirror City, you won't be able to leave the Vast Sky Territory for at least eight to ten years. Without these things, you won't be able to move even a single step in the divine realm!"
Luo Zheng turned the Shenwu coins over and over again.
The currency of the universe was True Yuan Stones and Zhen Yuanyu. They were both currency and consumables. They were condensed from the heaven and earth's essence and contained the purest form of True Yuan. Directly absorbing them could replenish the True Yuan in one's dantian.
As Old Man Extreme Evil said, Shenwu coins were the currency circulating among True Gods. True Gods didn't need to consume True Yuan under normal circumstances. They relied on the power of faith in their inner worlds.
"Can Shenwu coins replenish True Yuan? Or can they replenish power of faith? "Luo Zheng asked.
Old Man Extreme Evil shook his head. "Neither."
"Then what's the use of Shenwu coins …" Luo Zheng asked again.
No matter what kind of currency it was, it had to have a strong attraction to True Gods. Otherwise, it would just be a pile of trash that no one would want!
Who knew that the Evil Old Man would keep them in suspense. He chuckled. "Shenwu Coins are too useful. Those floating island wealthy families in the Sea of Time fight over them every year. It can be said that having Shenwu Coins is equivalent to having everything in Divine Dominion! As for what it's used for, you'll naturally find out in the future. It's useless even if you know now! "
"Having Shenwu coins is equivalent to having everything in the divine realm?"
Luo Zheng stared at the black round piece, his expression becoming more and more strange. This was too exaggerated and didn't conform to common sense at all.
In the universe, only low-level martial artists fought tooth and nail for True Yuan Stones and Zhen Yuanyu. High-level martial artists didn't need them at all. After all, there weren't many times when they urgently needed to replenish True Yuan after a battle. Moreover, by this time, the outcome of the battle had already been decided. Thus, Realm Lords and Celestial Venerables only needed to carry hundreds of Zhen Yuanyu with them.
Therefore, when high level martial artists exchanged items, they usually bartered for other items. True essence jades weren't very valuable in their eyes …
This black round piece couldn't be eaten or drunk. How could it be used as currency in the divine realm?

Chapter 1756
After collecting the Shenwu Coins, Luo Zheng followed Old Man Evil's instructions and headed south.
As soon as he entered the Divine Dominion, Luo Zheng tried to understand the general outline of the Divine Dominion. However, Luo Zheng could not see the whole picture through the God's citizens of Meng Village. After all, the furthest the God's citizens of the village had ever been was the Mirror City …
Although Old Man Evil had been imprisoned for seven Divine Eras and his information was outdated, his knowledge and experience were quite comprehensive even among the True Gods.
"I just don't understand why a top figure like Yu Taibai didn't come to pick you up directly …"
In Old Man Evil's eyes, Luo Zheng was a proud son of God born in a Floating Island Clan. With Luo Zheng's talent and status, he was qualified to be sent to a Floating Island Clan. Even if Luo Xiao's Floating Island was destroyed, with Yu Taibai's connections, it would not be difficult for him to send Luo Zheng there.
Luo Zheng also knew that his father's disciples were still very active. At the very least, they took good care of Luo Yan.
However, since Xingwei had made such arrangements, they naturally had their own considerations. At this stage, Luo Zheng could only rely on himself!
"I think your first step should be to enter a Floating Island Clan!" Old Man Evil smacked his lips in his mind. Floating Islands were places that everyone in the Divine Dominion yearned for, but a martial artist like Old Man Evil who was born unorthodox did not have the qualifications to enter.
"Floating Islands … What kind of places are they?" Luo Zheng asked. He had heard Xingwei mention them in Huan Yu, but he did not have a deep understanding of them.
Old Man Evil sighed. He could not understand how Luo Zheng, Luo Xiao's son and Gu Bei's disciple, was so ignorant of the Divine Dominion. He could only say, "In the center of the Divine Dominion is a vast and boundless sea called the Sea of Time … I once walked by the edge of the Sea of Time. It's a sea formed by light and time. Any living thing that falls into it will be split apart by time. It's an extremely dangerous sea! And in the center of the Sea of Time are the floating islands built by the various Clans!
"Behind these floating islands are naturally the Saints of the Divine Realm. Only Saints have the qualifications to establish a floating island, so every floating island represents a peak power in the Divine Realm! They have almost monopolized 90% of the resources in the God Domain. Of course, that includes Shenwu coins. "
"Once you enter the floating island, your future will be limitless! However, it was extremely difficult to obtain the recognition of a Great Clan and bring in foreign martial artists! Even I … wasn't qualified to enter the floating island back then! "
Hearing the Evil Old Man's introduction, Luo Zheng asked in surprise, "You're not qualified?"
"Hehe, how could a True God like me, who was born in the wild, be chosen by those wealthy families?" The Extreme Evil Old Man revealed a cynical expression. Even if he hadn't received the favor of a wealthy family, he had still cultivated to the peak of the middle level. This was indeed something to be proud of.
"Enter the floating island …"
As Luo Zheng conversed with the Extreme Evil Old Man, he climbed the mountains. Now that he was standing at the peak of a mountain, he felt that the outline of the Divine Realm had become clearer. He had also set a preliminary goal.
The biting cold wind entered Luo Zheng's nose. He smiled slightly and jumped down from the mountain peak. His entire body was like a piece of paper, drifting downwards with the wind …
Relying on his own strength and methods, Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow. However, being unable to fly was indeed a problem.
Two and a half months later, Luo Zheng was still slowly advancing north of the Vast Sky Region. Finally, he arrived at the first Divine City, Mirror City.
"This Divine City is so beautiful!"
When he was still hundreds of miles away from Mirror City, Luo Zheng had already caught a glimpse of the entire Divine City.
As its name suggested, the walls of this Divine City were built with a type of silver brick. These bricks had been polished to a glossy shine. The entire wall was like a giant mirror. Luo Zheng didn't need the Extreme Evil Old Man to explain.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the entrance of Mirror City, he was stunned to see a dense mass of martial artists in front of him.
There were tens of thousands of martial artists. Most of them were at the Divine Transformation Realm. Above them were a small number of Divine Realm and Proof of Divinity martial artists. However, they were all blocked outside Mirror City!
"Don't make a ruckus! Come over here and register the points you've earned today! " More than ten Proof of Divinity martial artists in black armor stood at the entrance of Mirror City. These Proof of Divinity martial artists held long whips in their hands and were shouting at the crowd of martial artists.
With these shouts, the martial artists present immediately clamored and surged in one direction like a surging tide.
"What the hell is going on?" Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. His eyes were filled with confusion.
"Do you think it's that easy to enter a Divine City?" The Extreme Evil Old Man chuckled. "Not just anyone can enter the city!"
It wasn't difficult to raise one's cultivation in the Divine Realm. The Divine People could open their Divine Sea as soon as they took the first step on the Martial Path and become a Divine Sea Realm martial artist. Therefore, even if Little Wu's talent was average, he could still enter the Divine Transformation Realm after the entire village gathered together and sent him to cultivate in Mirror City.
However, Meng Village had limited financial resources. Although Little Wu was a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist, it was difficult for him to cultivate any superior martial arts techniques in Mirror City. He didn't even have the most basic understanding of the Sword Dao.
How many Divine People were there in the Divine Realm?
After cultivating for a while, the vast majority of them would be stuck at the bottleneck of the Third Divine Transformation. Some of the martial artists who were determined to walk on the Divine Way would naturally go around looking for masters to learn from. There were a very small number of people who would encounter some unparalleled fortuitous encounters and become the disciple of an expert. However, this kind of luck wasn't something that everyone could have. The vast majority of martial artists would choose to enter the Divine Cities, where there would be more opportunities!
However, a Divine City's capacity was limited. If it was completely opened, the entire Divine City would be flooded by a sea of Divine People … This had happened in the past.
Left with no choice, almost all Divine Cities forbade anyone from entering.
"The rule in most Divine Cities is to pay one Shenwu coin," the Extreme Evil Old Man said.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. "It's only one Shenwu coin …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was relieved. He still had a few hundred Shenwu coins he had dug out from the Extreme Evil Old Man.
"Heh heh, do you think it's that easy to get one Shenwu coin? Look at these martial artists at the city gates, constantly completing the missions given by Mirror Citadel. The weaker martial artists have to work for decades or even centuries before they have the right to enter the city once. This is the value of one Shenwu coin! "Old Man Extreme Evil sneered.
"Hundreds of years of hard work in exchange for one Shenwu coin?" Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard this. After realizing the value of Shenwu coins, he suddenly felt that the black round pieces were heavier. However, he knew that this was just a feeling in his heart.
Just then, a crack suddenly opened in the city gates. A middle-aged man in a brocade robe walked out from the crack.
"True God?"
Luo Zheng, who was standing far away, narrowed his eyes slightly. This middle-aged man was a Lower True God.
The middle-aged man pointed at a Proof of Divinity martial artist in the crowd. The Proof of Divinity martial artist looked ecstatic. He kept nodding and bowing to the middle-aged man. Then, the middle-aged man brought him into the city.
"Bang!"
The city gates closed again. The tens of thousands of martial artists present all looked envious.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Anyone who owns a house in Mirror City can bring three people into the city. That middle-aged True God should be a native of Mirror City. The Proof of Divinity martial artist must be a relative of the middle-aged man. Naturally, he can enter the city with the middle-aged man," the Extreme Evil Old Man said.
"That works?" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded …
"Heh heh, back then, I had seven or eight houses in Mirror City. Unfortunately, after so many years, I'm afraid they've changed owners," the Extreme Evil Old Man muttered. "Let's not talk about it. Let's quickly enter the city."
Luo Zheng had Shenwu coins in his hands. Naturally, he wouldn't be as busy as the martial artists.
After bypassing the martial artists, Luo Zheng squeezed his way to the city gates.
The Mirror City guard looked coldly at Luo Zheng. He grabbed the whip in his hand and pointed to the side. He said impatiently, "Another one who doesn't know the rules! Line up over there to receive your mission! "

Chapter 1757
Shenwu Coins were indeed an extremely rare item in God Dominion.
Ordinary True Gods had very few Shenwu Coins. In fact, these martial artists who were busy outside the city might not even have a single Shenwu Coin in their entire lives. They only needed to accumulate enough points to enter the city, and the Shenwu Coins that were exchanged for points would naturally not fall into their hands.
Hearing a Proof of Divinity warrior say he had shenwu coins, the guard's expression was strange. "You have shenwu coins?"
Luo Zheng nodded and took out a shenwu coin.
When the black round piece was in Luo Zheng's hand, the guard's eyes lit up. With a wave of his hand, the shenwu coin Luo Zheng took out fell into his hand!
The other guards also looked over and sized up Luo Zheng.
For a Proof of Divinity warrior like Luo Zheng to have shenwu coins, it was either a gift from a True God or he was extremely lucky and found some treasure left behind by a True God …
If it was the former, it didn't matter. If it was the latter, this kid probably had more than one shenwu coin!
"Can I enter now?" Luo Zheng asked.
The guard carefully sized up the black round piece in his hand and then looked up at Luo Zheng with a smile. "Not yet."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The guard chuckled. "Sorry, it costs two shenwu coins to enter Mirror City. One isn't enough."
Mirror City was a god city. There must have been many true gods there. The guards of Mirror City were only Witness God martial artists, but Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble there. So, when he faced the arrogant guards, he was very polite.
However, the guard raised the price so suddenly. Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "Didn't you say it only costs one shenwu coin to enter the city?"
"Hehe …" The guard shook his head. "The price has increased today. You need two shenwu coins to enter the city. If you don't have one," he pointed at the warriors next to him. "Go take missions like them and earn enough points before entering the city!"
It wasn't easy to become a guard of Mirror City. The guards at the city gate were inextricably linked to some people in the God City. If Luo Zheng was sure he only had one shenwu coin, they naturally wouldn't let go of this chance to take it for themselves.
If Luo Zheng really took out a second shenwu coin, it would be even easier …
They had seen too many people like Luo Zheng, who came out of nowhere. Especially people like Luo Zheng, who was easy to talk to. They could get rid of him with just a few words. So what if he was a Proof of Divinity martial artist at the entrance of the Divine City?
Luo Zheng obviously wouldn't take out a second shenwu coin. His expression turned cold. "I don't have time for missions."
"Then come back when you earn your second shenwu coin." A hint of mockery appeared on the guard's face as he tossed the shenwu coin in his hand.
When the shenwu coin was tossed up again, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a golden light!
Old Man Extreme Evil had warned him along the way not to cause trouble in Mirror City. Therefore, he had restrained his soul to the extreme and hid all his sharpness.
However, the hearts of the people in the God Realm were no different from the universe. Kind people were always bullied and kind horses were always ridden!
The small golden sword above Luo Zheng's soul flashed and an extremely sharp soul pressure shot out. The small invisible arrows brushed past the souls of the guards!
These guards were only Sector Lord warriors.
The difference in power between warriors of the same level in the God Realm was even greater than in the universe!
For example, Little Wu was a Divine Transformation Realm warrior. He only had cultivation but his understanding of martial arts was so low it made one's hair stand on end.
It was the same for Sector Lord warriors. Most of the God Realm warriors cultivated to "Proving God" but in reality, they didn't have the chance to "Prove God". They only had cultivation.
For Sector Lords like them, forget about reaching the level of "Silver Fighting Soul" and "Gold Fighting Soul," there weren't many who had even cultivated "Jade Fighting Soul." As for Luo Zheng's soul strength, although it was still a Gold Fighting Soul, due to the fact that he had cultivated "Great Yan God Canon," the sharpness of his Soul Power was not lower than a Real God's!
The small arrows formed by soul pressure shot out and didn't injure the soul of the guard. Just the pressure contained within the arrows made the guard's hair stand on end. A cold feeling came from his back and his entire body froze from his bones to his muscles!
"Pu, pu …"
The sharp invisible arrows finally hit the city gate behind him. Two thin scratches appeared on the sturdy city gate.
Even though Luo Zheng tried not to let the soul pressure spread, the moment Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with golden light, the row of Mirror City guards still felt the terror and froze in place!
The shenwu coin was still spinning in the air and falling down.
Luo Zheng's right hand reached out like lightning and caught the shenwu coin. Then he waved the shenwu coin in front of the guards. "Keep it well." He said lightly and then stuffed it into the guard's pocket. Then he walked past the guards without looking back and pushed open the gates of Mirror City.
Only when the gates closed did the guards come back to their senses. They looked at each other but didn't say a word …
The God Realm was rarely like the universe, where geniuses favored by the heavens would suddenly appear.
Geniuses that could reach such heights all had this kind of background and power behind them. Just based on the other's potential and talent, it was possible to determine what level of power they came from.
Came from a small mountain village? Born in a normal god city? Or were they trained in the Central Divine City? Even if they came from the four great godly trees or the rich families of the floating islands, there were slight differences. It was very easy for people with foresight to determine!
These Mirror City guards were people without foresight but that didn't mean they were idiots. At least they had the ability to distinguish.
The soul level that Luo Zheng displayed was a level they couldn't fathom. Such a person could be cultivated even in the Central God City of a "domain." At the very least, he came from the four great godly trees. He could even be a genius of the floating islands!
Such a person, not to mention a mere guard, even normal true gods didn't dare to provoke him.
In the end, the Mirror City guard touched the shenwu coins in his pocket and swallowed. In the end, he didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng controlled his actions very well. He warned the guards and didn't cause any commotion. At least, he didn't attract the attention of the true gods in the Mirror City. After all, Luo Zheng's identity was too sensitive.
After entering the Mirror City, Luo Zheng's aura was like snow meeting the sun. It disappeared completely …
Although the Mirror City was one of the seven great god cities in the Vast Sky Region, it wasn't as big as Luo Zheng imagined. He asked the Extreme Evil Old Man why they didn't build a bigger god city. The Extreme Evil Old Man only replied with one question. Why build it so big?
In the universe, some holy cities could be said to be very big. However, the purpose of building a god city in the God Realm was different.
In the universe, dozens of rank ten sacred lands kept absorbing geniuses to expand. More sector lords were born so that they could fight for the position of Celestial Venerate in the future.
The God Realm had developed for countless god eras. It was a stable world.
It didn't mean that there weren't any geniuses in the God Realm. It was just that this concept was so small that it was negligible. Therefore, the major powers didn't have much desire to expand. For example, the wealthy families on the floating islands would only change their ranking every few years. It was very difficult for a true god to become a paragon, and even harder for a true god to become a saint.
Because of this, the distribution of resources went to the major powers. The competition between the lower level warriors was even crueler!
After Luo Zheng entered the city, he followed the Extreme Evil Old Man's instructions and went straight to the west side of the Mirror City. That was the only place that had the transportation channel to cross the Vast Sky Region.
"The Vast Sky Region is only a small region. There are a total of three powers stationed there. These three powers control all the god cities in the Vast Sky Region. However, those who know the details know that these three powers are just Han Jia's puppets. You can go through the transportation channel and go to the Liuren Region in the south of the Vast Sky Region. That's Han Jia's ancestral land," the Extreme Evil Old Man said.
"Han Jia? Ancestral land? "Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
The Extreme Evil Old Man nodded and said in a respectful tone, "Yes. The Han Jia's Saint Emperor became a saint 130 god eras ago. Now, the Han Jia is one of the major families on the floating islands. In the few eras that I wasn't around, the Han Jia's floating island ranking probably rose again! The Liuren Region is the Han Jia's ancestral land. You can go there and look for opportunities. "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1758
After hearing Old Man Evil's introduction, Luo Zheng's thoughts drifted back to the Forbidden Land of God.
Han Liusu, Han Chuyue …
Back then, these two sisters had given Luo Zheng a headache.
"Since the Han Clan's Saint Emperor is a Saint, how is he related to Mu Haiji?" Luo Zheng asked.
Old Man Evil widened his eyes and shook his head. "I don't know."
Old Man Evil's influence was limited to the Vast Sky Region. Even there, he wasn't the most powerful existence. In addition, he had never been to any of the floating islands. How would he know the relationship between the top figures in the divine realm?
"But … this shouldn't matter, right?" Old Man Evil said helplessly.
"I've been to the Forbidden Land of God before and met some of the Han Clan's disciples. If I enter rashly, I'm afraid they'll recognize me," Luo Zheng explained.
Luo Zheng didn't just have to pay attention to the Han Clan sisters. He also had to pay attention to their personal guards. For example, He Zuowei and the others recognized Luo Zheng. If Han Clan and the Mu Family had a good relationship and Luo Zheng was recognized, things would become troublesome.
Although Luo Zheng knew that there were tens of thousands of cultivators who had proven themselves to be gods, it would be difficult for the Han Clan to notice him given his current status, Luo Zheng understood that he had to be careful in the divine realm. In the divine realm, Luo Zheng had no way out.
"It's not a problem if you don't go to the Liuren Domain." Old Man Evil seemed to be in a difficult position. "However, there are thirty-six smaller domains around the Liuren Domain. They're all under Han Clan's control. Just leaving these small domains won't be easy for you!"
The floating island families had their own territories in the divine realm. Even the Vast Sky Region belonged to Han Clan.
Now that Luo Zheng couldn't use Greater Shift, the Shift Token was useless, and he couldn't even fly. He could only rely on the long-distance teleportation channel built by Han Clan. However, the cost of teleportation was expensive even for True Gods, let alone the current Luo Zheng.
The few hundred Shenwu coins that the Evil Old Man gave Luo Zheng were not enough to send Luo Zheng out.
Luo Zheng fell into deep thought. Just as the Nefarious Old Man had said, Shenwu Coins were too important. However, Luo Zheng still did not have the ability to earn Shenwu Coins!
"I have a transcendent artifact, Mu Jiu's Soul-Searching Banner. If I sell it, it should be worth some Shenwu Coins." Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that he still had a Soul Searching Banner in his hands. This Soul Searching Banner was left behind by Mu Haiji's disciple, Mu Jiu. This time, Luo Zheng had also brought it into the Realm of the Gods.
Who knew that Old Man Evil would reject his suggestion the moment he suggested it. "You're talking about that soul-searching flag? Hehe, that Soul Searching Flag is indeed valuable. It is a magic treasure that Mu Haiji used in the past. Although Mu Haiji has abandoned it, it is still very famous. If you use it, you will be discovered very quickly. That is even more dangerous! "
Luo Zheng immediately fell into hesitation. This small problem was enough to put Luo Zheng in a difficult position.
"If you ask me, you are just afraid that the Han Family will recognize you. However, the Han Family has so many disciples. I'm afraid that only a few of them have seen you in the Forbidden Land of God. The probability of that happening is not high. I can teach you a face-changing technique. I guarantee that even your father will not be able to recognize you!" Old Man Evil smiled.
Old Man Evil was obviously exaggerating. To some experts, once they locked onto someone's aura, they would be able to recognize them even if they were burned to ashes.
However, in the Forbidden Land of God, the highest cultivation was only a Realm Lord. They probably did not have such methods. Since Old Man Evil's suggestion was not bad, Luo Zheng gladly accepted it …
While Old Man Evil was giving Luo Zheng advice in his mind, Luo Zheng followed the main road of Mirror City to the west.
After walking for a short distance, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a golden light. Old Man Evil said at the same time, "Someone is following you."
"I know … and it's a true god," Luo Zheng calmly replied in his mind.
A few hundred meters behind Luo Zheng, there was a middle-aged man in gray robes. This person was following Luo Zheng at a constant speed.
He had just arrived in the divine realm. Mu Hai could not have found him so early. This person was following him. It must have been the guard at Mirror City's entrance who tipped him off.
"However, it's fine. A mere lower true god wouldn't dare to make a move in Mirror City," Old Man Evil sneered.
The entire divine realm was a hierarchical society. Even saints were restricted by the rules on the stone slab.
The various central divine cities and divine cities of the various small regions were also part of the forest of rules.
Outside the divine city, no matter how much you fought, killed, and robbed, no one would care. However, the divine city's rules were extremely strict!
Back then, Old Man Evil had occupied almost a third of the northern region of the Vast Sky Region. Han Jia naturally knew about this, but they did not send anyone to deal with Old Man Evil. Old Man Evil knew this very well. Every time he entered Mirror City, he followed the rules and never caused any trouble!
To the west of Mirror City, there was a huge square with a row of grey-brown stone walls. The stone walls didn't fit in with the buildings around Mirror City. On the stone walls, there was a door that was ten feet wide.
These doors were the teleportation channels to Mirror City.
"This teleportation channel doesn't seem to be used by anyone?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
There were a total of nine gates on the stone wall, indicating that there were nine teleportation channels here. However, there was not a single person in the square. There were only a few guards in black armor standing in front of the stone wall, their faces filled with boredom.
Old Man Evil smiled faintly. "Nonsense. It's not easy to build a teleportation channel in the divine realm. The cost of teleportation is also extremely high! To teleport from the Vast Sky Region to the Liuren Region, it costs at least a hundred Shenwu Coins! For a normal Lower True God, it's hard to gather that amount even if you have all your wealth! "
"Then what if a True God wants to go to the Liuren Region?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The regions aren't separated from each other. Just walk over … It'll just take three to four hundred years," Old Man Evil smiled.
Luo Zheng was stunned …
This kind of thing happened in the universe. For example, it was not easy for a Divine Ocean Realm cultivator to travel between large regions. If Luo Zheng did not have a teleportation token, it would be very difficult for him to travel between large regions. However, he did not expect to face such a problem after becoming a True God.
Teleportation channels in the universe were extremely cheap. However, just one teleportation in the divine realm would cost a True God all his wealth!
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood the importance of Shenwu Coins. If he did not have the few hundred Shenwu Coins that Old Man Evil gave him, he would not be able to easily enter Mirror City, let alone use the teleportation channel.
The middle-aged man who had been following Luo Zheng saw Luo Zheng walking towards the plaza and frowned!
He had just received news from his nephew, who was a guard of Mirror City, that a Proof God martial artist with an extremely powerful soul had entered Mirror City. His nephew also told him that although this person was only a Proof God martial artist, he seemed to be quite wealthy.
Although Luo Zheng did not reveal his wealth, a Proof of Divinity martial artist who could casually take out a Shenwu Coin to enter the city was as rare as a phoenix's feather or a qilin's horn. This True God immediately set his sights on Luo Zheng, hoping to extort a sum from him after Luo Zheng left the city!
Although the middle-aged man understood that Luo Zheng most likely came from some powerful faction, he did not think too much about it.
However, the middle-aged man did not expect Luo Zheng to go straight to the teleportation channel …
The middle-aged man was also a local True God of the Vast Sky Region. He had struggled in Mirror City for three God Eras before he could settle down. He had bought a house in Mirror City, but the total value was only 80 Shenwu Coins. That was all he had!
However, Luo Zheng could easily take out 100 Shenwu Coins to use the teleportation channel! This brat was only a Proof God martial artist!
The middle-aged man suddenly felt his heart ache. It would be great if he could stop Luo Zheng before he entered the city!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was really going to use the teleportation channel, the cooked duck was about to fly away. The middle-aged man gritted his teeth and quickly stopped Luo Zheng. He lowered his voice and said, "Friend, why have you come to Mirror City?"
Luo Zheng had already noticed this person. There was no panic on his face. Although it was his first time entering the divine realm, people's hearts were more or less the same.
Luo Zheng glanced at the middle-aged man. "Does Mirror City belong to you?"
The middle-aged man was embarrassed by Luo Zheng's question. He covered it up and said, "The divine city does not belong to one person."
"Then who does this divine city belong to?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Mirror City belongs to the Vast Sky Region's Qian family. Strictly speaking, the Qian family is controlled by Han Jia, so Mirror City belongs to Han Jia …" the middle-aged man explained seriously.
"Thank you, I understand. Goodbye." Luo Zheng laughed and turned to leave.

Chapter 1759
Just as Old Man Evil had said, the rules in Divine City were strict. Even an upper-level True God would not dare to act rashly, much less a lower-level True God!
Luo Zheng had heard many threats in his life, but this was probably the most powerless one he had ever heard. He even wondered how this person had become a True God with such a brain …
What Luo Zheng did not understand was that becoming a True God in the divine territory was not as difficult as he had imagined.
Moreover, the difference in strength between True Gods was quite exaggerated. For example, Mu Jiu and Mu Tian were both lower-level True Gods, but as Mu Haiji's disciples, they could kill ordinary True Gods in the blink of an eye!
Zhan Beihai was also a lower-level True God, but he was much stronger than Mu Jiu, Mu Tian, Xing Wei, and the others.
This was also why Old Man Evil had suggested that Luo Zheng join one of the Floating Island's wealthy families. Only by becoming a disciple of a Sage could Luo Zheng quickly increase his strength.
"Leave what?" Luo Zheng asked, confused.
The middle-aged man smiled coldly. "Naturally, the Shenwu coins on you!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng casually took out six or seven Shenwu coins. "Are you talking about this?"
Seeing the Shenwu coins in Luo Zheng's hand, the middle-aged man's eyes shone with greed. He hurriedly nodded. "Yes, yes, this is it!" Saying so, he reached out to grab the Shenwu coins.
"Dream on!"
Luo Zheng pulled back his hand and hid the Shenwu coins like a magic trick …
"You! You're courting death … "
This True God had been toyed with twice by Luo Zheng and finally flew into a rage out of humiliation!
Snowflakes appeared in his eyes, and an icy aura surged out. This True God cultivated the "Snow Seal Divine Dao". Luo Zheng had seen it once in the Emperor's Corridor in the Illusory Battlefield.
Although they were both True Gods, a True God who had been tempered in the universe was much stronger than an ordinary True God in the divine territory.
Although the aura was fierce, Luo Zheng's state of mind was not affected at all. At the same time, he quickly retreated!
"Evil Old Man, didn't you say we can't fight in Mirror City?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind when he saw the middle-aged man's posture.
Old Man Evil was also speechless. "You've angered this idiot! But he's going to be in trouble … "
The commotion here also alarmed the guards of the teleportation channel. Those guards were also astonished. They looked at the True God as if they were looking at an idiot.
At the same time, a ray of blue light shot out from the center of Mirror City. The blue light shot into the sky and a stone slab slowly rose from the ground. It quickly spiraled to the west of Mirror City!
After the stone slab appeared, it attracted the attention of countless warriors in Mirror City.
"Which idiot is making a move in Mirror City again!"
"Do you really think that the rules set by the Qian Family are just for show? Aren't you courting death?! "
"Why is it going to the west of the city …"
Because they were afraid of the punishment from the stone slab, all the warriors in Mirror City were very careful. Let alone circulating their true essence, they didn't even dare to use their true essence sound transmissions, let alone condensing their "force" with their Godhead. Normally, when they cultivated or taught martial arts to their disciples, they would go to a designated area in the city. Otherwise, they would be punished by the stone slab!
The True God was angry and impulsive, so he condensed his "force". But before he could do anything, he saw a ray of blue light flash in the sky. The True God was scared out of his wits. His face was bitter as he said, "I, I … didn't want to make a move!"
It was a pity that the stone slab wasn't a human and it didn't listen to the explanation of the Real God. The surface of the stone slab emitted bits of lightning and the lightning quickly gathered together to form a thick bolt of lightning. Then, it struck the Real God abruptly.
"Boom!"
Although the lightning looked very normal, the power contained within was almost irresistible.
"Ahhhh …"
The lightning struck the True God's body. Tiny bits of lightning continued to swim around his body, making him cry out in pain. He rolled on the ground for a while before stopping.
Luo Zheng felt a weak life force from the True God and knew that he hadn't died. But after being struck by the lightning, even if he didn't die, he would be half dead …
"That stone slab …" Luo Zheng looked up at the stone slab in the sky, his eyes full of curiosity.
He had heard from Xingwei that there was a stone slab in the Realm of the Gods that could even restrain a Saint. Mu Haiji had attacked Dayan Yu before and was punished by the stone slab. But this palm-sized stone slab in front of him could restrain a True God, but was it really so powerful that even a Saint was afraid of it?
"This isn't the Ten Thousand Commandments Stone Slab," Old Man Extreme Evil reminded him. "It's just a Ten Commandments Stone Slab."
"Ten Commandments Stone Slab?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. "There's more than one slab?"
Old Man Extreme Evil chuckled. "How else do you think these God Cities in the Realm of the Gods came about?"
Ever since the Dao Tablets of the Realm of the Gods descended, stone slabs appeared all over the Realm of the Gods. These stone slabs came in different sizes. The small ones were called the Ten Commandments Stone Slab, the big ones were called the Hundred Commandments Stone Slab, and the bigger ones were called the Thousand Commandments Stone Slab.
Soon, people in the Realm of the Gods discovered the use of these stone slabs. Rules could be set on these stone slabs, and anyone who violated the rules within the area covered by the stone slabs would be punished by the stone slabs.
From the moment these stone slabs were created, none of them had been damaged. Even a Saint couldn't damage the weakest Ten Commandments Stone Slab.
All the God Cities in the Realm of the Gods were built around stone slabs. Therefore, the size of these God Cities was largely related to the size of the stone slabs …
The Vast Sky Domain was originally a small domain. Mirror City was located in the north of the Vast Sky Domain and was a relatively remote God City. It only had one Ten Commandments Stone Slab. However, the Vast Sky God City in the center of the Vast Sky Domain had one Hundred Commandments Stone Slab.
As for the center of the Han Family's ancestral land like the Liuren Domain, which was the Liuren God City, it had one Thousand Commandments Stone Slab.
"I understand. So … the Ten Commandments Stone Slab is the one that can suppress a Saint?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Smart! Hehe, the Ten Commandments Stone Slab is also known as the Control Stone Slab. Even a Saint can't do anything to it. Moreover, the Ten Commandments Stone Slab covers the entire Realm of the Gods … "Old Man Extreme Evil explained.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was still confused. "Since these stone slabs are so powerful, why hasn't anyone used them as weapons? If I carry a Thousand Commandments Stone Slab and write down rules that are beneficial to me, who would dare to attack me? "
"Hahaha, you're indeed the son of a Saint. You're really smart," Old Man Extreme Evil praised. "It's said that this kind of thing did happen in ancient times. Some upper True Gods used the stone slabs as weapons and wrote some extremely shameless rules on them. For example, 'No one is allowed to attack me.' Once someone attacked me, the stone slab would attack … At that time, the battle between some powerful True Gods was really a battle between stone slabs."
"…"
Imagining the scene of True Gods carrying stone slabs in battle, Luo Zheng was speechless. However, he had to admit that this was indeed an extremely powerful method.
"However, later on, this method was put to an end. Someone rewrote the rules on the Ten Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet. As the Ten Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet is known as the Control Stone Tablet. It is a stone tablet that can control the entire Divine Realm. If I remember correctly, it should be the 104th rule: No one is allowed to use the stone tablet as a personal weapon. After this rule appeared, the True Gods had no choice but to put down their own stone slabs … "Old Man Extreme Evil said.
"This rule is really strange," Luo Zheng sighed.
"It's also something that has to be done. In order to become stronger, everyone is desperately researching. Although the Realm of the Gods is very stable now and the rules are very strict, there are still a lot of people who are looking for loopholes in the rules in order to obtain a chance to advance," Old Man Extreme Evil said.
Luo Zheng nodded to show that he understood.
At that moment, three patrolling True Gods wearing red and black armor rushed out from the side. After the stone slab was activated, some people in Mirror City were alarmed and had to come out to patrol as usual.
The three True Gods sized up the half-dead middle-aged man on the ground and asked Luo Zheng about what had happened. After understanding what had happened, they left. Although the rules on the stone slab were strict, there were always idiots who could not control themselves and tried to break the rules …

Chapter 1760
When Luo Zheng told the guards that he wanted to use the space tunnel to teleport, they still didn't believe him.
In the eyes of these guards, a hundred Shenwu Coins were enough to buy a house in Mirror City, enough to worship a True God as a teacher, and enough to exchange for a considerable amount of cultivation resources. To a Divine Warrior, this was nothing more. Yet, Luo Zheng was using it to use the Space Tunnel. It was a foolish move to burn money!
The guards thought that Luo Zheng was here to amuse them.
When Luo Zheng took out a stack of shenwu coins, the guards' attitude changed 180 degrees.
No matter what, the one who spent money was the boss.
These guards obviously didn't understand that normal true gods couldn't teach Luo Zheng anything. Not to mention Mirror City, even the central god city of Liuren Domain, Liuren Divine City, wasn't Luo Zheng's destination. He wanted to go to the floating island.
When the door on the stone wall opened, Luo Zheng saw a familiar scene. Behind the door was a deep blue space. Spirals spun quickly inside as if it led to an endless abyss. He had snuck in from the Great Yan Universe and used this space tunnel.
Now, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and stepped into the passageway …
After Luo Zheng left …
In the center of Mirror City, there were two sage-like old men standing on top of a golden tower.
This tower had a special position in Mirror City because the owner was from the Qian family and Mirror City was controlled by the Qian family!
"Seems like another wild kid from some rich family on the floating island came out …" one old man said lightly.
"Very few rich families are willing to 'go wild' now. The risk is huge and the results may not be good," the other old man shook his head and said.
The rich families on the floating island usually trained their true elites in the family. The best geniuses were sent to the forbidden land of god cultivation and then brought back to the floating island. The weaker geniuses were sent to the family ancestral land for training. The better ones were sent to normal god cities.
However, there was an exception to this. Some disciples with prideful talent were mostly arrogant and untamed by nature. Such people would be allowed to roam the world freely. This was the so-called 'unrestrained'.
Luo Zheng might have completely retracted his soul spirit, but the two elders of the Qian Clan had extraordinary senses. They might not be able to see through Luo Zheng, but they could sense that Luo Zheng was extraordinary. They also saw how extravagant Luo Zheng was, taking out a hundred Shenwu coins to ride the spatial passageway. Naturally, they thought that Luo Zheng came from some wealthy clan on the floating island.
"Since he is not a disciple of a rich and powerful family, his origin is somewhat suspicious. What is his purpose of going to the Liuren Domain? Should we inform Han Jia? "
"Hehe, what can a mere Proof of Divinity martial artist do? Don't meddle in other people's business …"
…
In the space tunnel …
"Since the Law of Space is unable to be used in the Divine Domain, how was this spatial tunnel built?"
Luo Zheng's body was constantly circling around, his entire being immersed in a strange feeling. Although he could not move, he could still think. He asked the Evil Old Man in his mind about this.
"Hehe, who said that the Law of Space is unable to be used? Those upper true gods, Paragons, and Sages can all use it to a certain extent. It's just that your strength is too low," the Evil Old Man said.
"Is this also because of the Governing Slate?" Luo Zheng asked as a thought flashed through his mind.
"Of course. Sigh, I don't know what those ancient Sages were thinking. They set up so many strange and bizarre rules, which also created the current situation in the Divine Domain," the Evil Old Man said with a sigh.
Migration in the Divine Domain was a huge problem. Many true gods were unable to use the Law of Space, so their range of movement was rather limited. This was equivalent to restricting the flow of Deities, greatly hindering the passage of lower class Deities upwards.
"This way, it is beneficial for those wealthy clans who have landed on the floating island," Luo Zheng said thoughtfully.
The Divine Domain's rules were strict and stable, but they were also like a pool of stagnant water. Very few geniuses were born, so it was naturally difficult for newcomers to become Sages. This way, the status of the wealthy clans on the floating island was much more stable!
"That is indeed the case, but there will always be people breaking this fence. For example, Sage Jiu, who created the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, is one of them! Hehe! "the Evil Old Man laughed.
After Sage Jiu opened up his inner world, he opened the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to the outside world. At first, the wealthy clans on the floating island did not care about it, but it attracted many grassroots Deities in the Divine Domain!
After these grassroots Deities cultivated in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for a while, they came out as peak Proving Gods, causing quite a stir in the Divine Domain … Thus, the wealthy clans on the floating island also set their sights on the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, sending their own elites to cultivate there.
After hearing the Evil Old Man's words, Luo Zheng suddenly realized that there was such a story behind the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It was no wonder he had encountered so many geniuses in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …
After floating in the spatial passage for five days, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. His body was already prepared, ready to fall at any time. Last time, when Luo Zheng had snuck in from the Great Evolution Space, he had fallen quite heavily.
But right after that, Luo Zheng felt his body become light. Only then did he realize that he was sliding down a slippery path …
"Sou!"
After sliding down the slippery path to the bottom, he stood up, safe and sound.
"The treatment of spending money is really different …" Luo Zheng sighed.
Luo Zheng looked back and also discovered a huge stone wall. However, this stone wall was carved with all kinds of exquisite sculptures. In terms of appearance, it was much more exquisite than the stone wall in Mirror City.
"This should be Liuren Divine City?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this is the ancestral land of the Han Clan. It is also the Central Divine City of the Han Clan. It is a hundred times larger than the Mirror City of the Vast Sky Region," the Evil Old Man replied.
There were only three levels of Divine Cities in the Divine Domain. Ordinary Divine Cities were small cities like Mirror City. The larger ones were the Central Divine City of the Vast Sky Region. The largest Divine Cities were the ancestral lands of the rich and powerful families, such as Liuren Divine City.
"After using the spatial passage, don't stay here. Quickly leave!" At this time, a stern reprimand came from one of the guards of Liuren Divine City. He was scolding Luo Zheng.
'This Liuren Divine City is indeed more strictly guarded than Mirror City,' Luo Zheng thought. However, he still cupped his hands towards the guard and walked away.
When the guard saw Luo Zheng walk away, he muttered to himself, 'How strange. There's actually a Proof of Divinity cultivator using a spatial passage …'
Although the Sixth Ren Divine City was a hundred times larger than the Mirror City, it was still not considered large when compared to the Rank Ten Sacred Grounds that Luo Zheng had seen in the Great Evolution Universe. After all, the range of a Divine City was built according to the area covered by the stone slab. Although the Sixth Ren Divine City had the Thousand Commandments Stone Slab, the range of the stone slab's influence was limited.
Following the Evil Old Man's instructions, Luo Zheng spent several days searching Liuren Divine City.
There were many 'Proof of Divinity Residences' in the Divine City.
These 'Proof of Divinity Residences' were similar to the martial dojos and martial houses in the universe. After entering a Divine City, the majority of Divine Citizens would enter the Proof of Divinity Residences to cultivate martial skills and comprehend the Divine Dao in hopes of successfully proving divinity one day.
However, these Proof of Divinity Residences were useless to Luo Zheng. In terms of the Divine Dao, Luo Zheng might not be as good as some of the True Gods in the Proof of Divinity Residences. However, based on his understanding of the Martial Dao, it was likely that many True Gods would want to take Luo Zheng as their master.
After several days of searching, Luo Zheng was not without any results.
Only then did Luo Zheng understand that the largest Proof of Divinity Residences in Liuren Divine City, the 'Heaven-Containing Residence', was opened by the Han Family.
It was said that after entering the Heaven-Containing Residence, there was a slight chance that the Han Family would take a fancy to them and accept them to cultivate. After entering the Han Family, there was also a slight chance that they would become a direct disciple of the Han Family and be sent to the Han Family's floating island …
This slight chance was extremely slim. Ordinary Divine Citizens did not even dare to think about it. Therefore, when Luo Zheng asked around, the Proof of Divinity cultivators stared at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a madman …
As soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the Heaven-Containing Residence, he saw tens of thousands of Proof of Divinity cultivators sitting cross-legged two feet apart with respectful expressions.
At the front of these Proof of Divinity cultivators, there was an old man with a moustache. He had his hands behind his back and was swaying back and forth as he muttered, "Birth, restraint, ride, humiliation, the measurement of the heavens, their meanings are mixed, their forms are complicated …"
Although Luo Zheng did not know what he meant, he still had a certain understanding of the Divine Dao. He immediately knew that this old man was imparting the Divine Dao of the Five Elements.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1761
Not every martial artist had the opportunity to look at the Dao Tablet.
Moreover, comprehending the Divine Dao in front of the Dao Tablet was originally an extremely severe test. If not done properly, one's soul might be destroyed.
In fact, most of the Proof of Divinity martial artists relied on the teachings of True Gods to comprehend the Divine Dao.
However, there were many types of teachings …
The Sages had a deep understanding of the Divine Dao. If they personally taught, they would naturally see more things. They could even obtain some insights that could not be obtained from the Dao Tablet. Those were the Sages' own insights. However, not everyone had this kind of treatment. Only the Sages' children and disciples had this kind of qualification.
This was also the reason why the disciples of the Sages were much stronger than ordinary True Gods.
Below them were Perfection True Gods, Upper True Gods, Middle True Gods …
The lower one's cultivation was, the shallower one's comprehension of the Divine Dao would be. The comprehension one could obtain would also be less. Even if a lower True God imparted the Dao, there was still a difference.
This Heaven Containing Palace had True Gods teaching Dao. There were hundreds of the most common Divine Daos. Therefore, the Heaven Containing Palace was the most famous in Six Ren Divine City. Countless Proof of Divinity martial artists wanted to enter.
However, those who could truly enter the Heaven Containing Palace were few and far between.
These Proof of Divinity martial artists who could not enter the Heaven Containing Palace could only wander around outside.
However, the Heaven Containing Palace was not stingy. If there was free time in the palace, they would invite some True Gods to teach outside.
This was the reason why Luo Zheng saw this scene today. Moreover, today's teachings were the Five Elements Divine Dao. It was also one of the most widely spread Divine Daos in the Divine Realm. Some Proof of Divinity martial artists who could not enter the Heaven Containing Palace naturally wanted to seize this free opportunity to comprehend the Dao and listen attentively.
Luo Zheng had already made up his mind to enter the Heaven Containing Palace. However, there were so many Proof of Divinity martial artists blocking his path. He was not in a hurry. He could wait until the old man finished teaching and then ask. Therefore, he saw an empty spot and sat down cross-legged.
He did not plan to cultivate the Five Elements Divine Dao. However, the Divine Dao inheritance contained the truth. There was no harm in listening more.
Who knew that just as he sat down, a bald martial artist next to him said in a low voice, "Get lost!"
Luo Zheng didn't know the inside story. He only knew that the Heavenly Palace was open to everyone to listen. However, the empty space in front of the Heavenly Palace was very tight. Some Proof of Divinity cultivators who stayed in Six Ren Divine City all year round had taken the best spots.
For these best positions, some of the Proof of Divinity martial artists fought until their heads bled. Some fought outside the city, and some fought through other channels …
As soon as Luo Zheng arrived, he went up and "occupied" one of the relatively good seats. Seeing Luo Zheng's unfamiliar face, how could the bald martial artist have any good words to entertain him?
If this bald-headed martial artist tried to persuade him, Luo Zheng wasn't someone who didn't know how to act tactfully. Although it was indeed overbearing to take the empty space for himself, he also understood that it was first come, first served, so it didn't matter even if he was a bit further away.
This bald-headed martial artist's malicious words provoked Luo Zheng. He glanced at the other party indifferently and calmly replied, "Anyone can sit in this empty space. Why do you want me to get lost?"
"Brat, you're new here, right?" The bald-headed martial artist immediately understood that Luo Zheng didn't know the inside story. "The seat you're sitting in is the seat of the son of the Heavenly Palace's Chamberlain Pang. If your parents don't know the rules after you die, big brother can teach you!"
Hearing the bald-headed martial artist's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a cold light. He tried his best to restrain his emotions.
Although this bald-headed martial artist had the same cultivation as Luo Zheng, the difference in strength between Luo Zheng and himself was like heaven and earth. Among the Proof of Divinity cultivators, perhaps only the top disciples of the Floating Island's wealthy families had the qualifications to compete with Luo Zheng.
If this person hadn't cursed his parents, no matter what he said, Luo Zheng's state of mind wouldn't have changed.
Luo Zheng also knew that making a move in Six Ren Divine City was a very stupid move, but for the sake of his plan, he could only endure it.
Seeing Luo Zheng remain silent, the bald-headed martial artist felt that Luo Zheng didn't know what was good for him. He suddenly stood up, an extremely angry expression appearing on his face as he shouted, "Benefactor Wu! This brat actually dares to criticize your Divine Way! Say that the words you imparted to me are complete bullshit and utter nonsense! "
The old man with the surname Wu from the Heaven-Containing Palace was shaking his head as he imparted the Dao. He spoke of his comprehension in a slow and precise manner. For the person who imparted the Dao, sharing his comprehension with everyone was a form of enjoyment, and it could also lead to new comprehension.
The old man surnamed Wu hated it the most when someone tried to impart the Dao to him, so when he heard the bald-headed martial artist's words, his face immediately filled with anger, "Who said that my Divine Way is complete nonsense?"
"It's him!"
"It's that brat who just arrived!"
"I heard what he said, he's very disdainful of you, Senior …"
In addition to the bald-headed martial artist, several other Proof of Divinity cultivators suddenly jumped out from beside Luo Zheng and pointed at Luo Zheng one after another.
These people were probably in the same group, and their testimony seemed to be quite credible under the influence of public opinion.
In fact, these people were already used to this. If someone sat in a position they shouldn't, they would use this method to drive them away.
Generally speaking, a Dao imparting True Divinity would directly drive the troublemaker out, but this old man surnamed Wu was very serious. He didn't drive Luo Zheng away immediately. After taking a few steps closer, he stared at Luo Zheng and questioned, "Tell me, what part of my Dao is complete nonsense? What part of it is nonsense? If you can't say it, then quickly get the hell out of here. Young people these days are getting bolder and bolder, daring to speak nonsense in front of the Heavenly Palace! "
Everyone's eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng. Except for a few martial artists who knew the inside story, most of the Proof of Divinity cultivators felt that Luo Zheng was here to cause trouble.
In this case, Luo Zheng's explanation was useless, and it would only make things worse.
The bald-headed martial artist's eyes were full of ridicule, but he was secretly happy in his heart. This brat was looking for trouble. He didn't want to get out of here, and he had to force him to leave. Let's see how he will get out of this situation.
Who knew that Luo Zheng slowly got up, cupped his hands towards the Dao imparting True Divinity, and said, "In my opinion, what Master Wu said is complete nonsense …"
"…"
The faces of the Proof of Divinity cultivators present were like flipping through a book. The first page was a lively expression, but the next page was uniformly stunned.
Even the bald-headed martial artist was no exception. His mouth was wide open as he looked at Luo Zheng in a daze.
Some words were one thing to say in private, and another to say it in front of others. The Proof of Divinity cultivators present were all here to learn, and could be considered half of Old Man Wu's students. Luo Zheng saying these words in front of him was equivalent to slapping Old Man Wu in the face!
Even though Old Man Wu was a True Divinity, his face was still deathly pale, "You, what did you say? Say it again!"
"In my opinion, what Master Wu said is complete nonsense," Luo Zheng continued.
"…"
The faces of the Divine Refinement cultivators present stiffened even more, and some began to whisper among themselves.
"Is this brat crazy?"
"Although the people of the Heavenly Palace have always been gentle, they can't tolerate such slander."
"Although Master Wu's cultivation is only that of a lower True Divinity, his comprehension of the Divine Dao of the Five Elements is still quite good …"
Old Man Wu was so angry that he laughed, "Let me hear what nonsense you're spouting. Why don't you give me some advice?"
Ai …
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. He also didn't want to offend Old Man Wu, but in this situation, he had no choice but to go with the flow. He immediately said, "Using the words of life, restraint, opportunity, and oppression to summarize the Five Elements is indeed correct! But Master Wu, what you said is completely copying the original meaning of the Dao tablets! On the path of the Divine Dao, there are tens of thousands of paths. If one were to completely comprehend the meaning of the words and then casually impart them, it would be like a blind man touching an elephant; it would be difficult to see the whole picture. "
After Old Man Wu heard Luo Zheng's criticism, there was a trace of surprise in his heart, but he still coldly questioned, "Humph, in the Realm of the Gods, there are at most True Divinities that cultivate the Divine Dao of the Five Elements. Why can't we use this concept?"
Luo Zheng shook his head, "Of course not! Sticking to the old ways is the greatest taboo of the Divine Dao. The Divine Dao of the Five Elements combines two and five, and there are twenty-five variations. However, fire and wood are taboos, and water and water are taboos. Only by removing these two taboos can one take a step forward. How many lower True Divinities have failed to comprehend these two taboos and stopped at the Divine Dao of the Five Elements? Presumably, Master Wu is also unable to progress on this path because of this, right? "

Chapter 1762
Old Man Wu had been in the True Divinity Realm for many years, and he was stuck between the Two Taboos of the Five Elements Divine Dao.
These two taboos were the Fire and Wood taboos, and the Water and Earth taboos!
Because of these two taboos, Old Man Wu's cultivation was unable to progress, and his godhead was also unable to break through!
Ordinary Proof of Divinity martial artists simply did not know of the existence of these two taboos. Even if a small number of them had heard of them, they would not be able to understand the meaning of these two taboos. But this young Proof of Divinity martial artist in front of him was able to point out these two taboos with just a few words. This really shocked Old Man Wu!
However, there was a reason why Old Man Wu couldn't break these two taboos. There was only one way to break these two taboos in the Divine Domain, and that was to use the "Taboos Removal Golden Pellet". It was to refine the Wood Fusion Golden Pellet and the Water Fusion Golden Pellet from the Fire Bird's Everlasting Fire Crown and the Earth Savage Beast's heart!
Once these two golden pills were combined and refined together, one could obtain the Fire Fusion Golden Pill. After swallowing it, one would have a thirty percent chance of breaking through the two taboos.
However, the Wood Fusion Golden Pill and Water Transformation Golden Pill were both Five Transformations Golden Pills, while the Taboo Golden Pill was a Six Transformations Golden Pill. This was not something a low-level Dao Imparting True God in Han Jia's Heaven-Containing Palace could possess.
Old Man Wu had worked hard in the Heaven Containing Palace, and for more than half a Divine Era, he had only managed to save enough money for one Wood Fusion Golden Pill!
Even if he could save enough money for one Water Transformation Golden Pill, he would still need to spend an even greater amount of money to ask a pill refiner to combine the two golden pills. This was an even greater expense …
People with foresight were always respected. Although Old Man Wu's temperament was a bit harsh, after hearing Luo Zheng's words break through his bottleneck, his tone softened a bit, but he still said coldly, "Even if this old man is stuck under the Two Taboos, so what? What part of the Divine Dao that this old man imparts is bullshit? "
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, and said unhurriedly, "Teacher Wu also knows that according to the Divine Dao you imparted to me, I will definitely be stuck under the Two Taboos. Isn't this what you mean by not understanding?"
"Hmph, Divine Martial has millions of True Divinities who cultivate the Five Elements Divine Dao, but how many of them can break through these two taboos? You are still pestering me endlessly! Men, chase this person away! " Elder Wu shouted, and two people rushed out of Han Tian Manor. These two people were also lower true gods, but their expressions were gloomy and cold. Their gazes were as sharp as knives. They were clearly Han Jia's guards.
"Wait a minute," Luo Zheng waved his hand and continued, "I said that if we follow Benefactor Wu's method to prove the Divine Way, we will sooner or later fall into the two taboos. This is because Benefactor Wu only knows one way to break the two taboos, right?"
The old man surnamed Wu raised his eyebrows and reached out to stop Han Jia's guards. He stared at Luo Zheng and sneered, "Could it be that you have some brilliant ideas today? Come up with the second method? "
The Proof of Divinity martial artists present stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer on their faces.
Just now, Luo Zheng and the old man surnamed Wu had answered so fluently that it had indeed surprised these Proof of Divinity martial artists. The old man surnamed Wu, as a True Divinity martial artist, may not be very strong, but his understanding of the Divine Way was very solid. He was best at theoretical explanations.
These Proof of Divinity martial artists were shocked and secretly jealous of Luo Zheng. After Luo Zheng fooled around with a few words, he was still going to be chased away. This naturally made these Proof of Divinity martial artists very happy.
"This is called showing one's slight skill in front of an expert, haha," the bald martial artist also laughed on the side.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would once again cup his hands in salute to the old man surnamed Wu, and a faint smile appeared on his face as he slowly said, "Although I am a Proof of Divinity martial artist, I can be considered to have some understanding of the Five Elements Divine Way. I really do have a second method to break through the two taboos, and this method does not need to rely on the Golden Core."
"Haha," after hearing Luo Zheng's words, the old man surnamed Wu burst into a series of cold laughter.
A faint smile also appeared on the cold faces of the two guards of the Heaven-containing Mansion beside him.
The Proof of Divinity martial artists present also roared with laughter …
After the old man surnamed Wu finished laughing, he said in a cold voice, "Looking at your bone age, you don't learn anything good, but learn how to deceive people. Today, I want to hear what kind of reasoning you can fabricate to break through the two taboos!"
Luo Zheng's face did not show any signs of panic, and still said in a neither fast nor slow tone, "When one first enters the Five Elements Divine Way, because the five elements are heterogeneous, there are two cracks in the Godhood condensed. Fire and wood are difficult to fuse, and earth and water repel each other, so these two cracks lead to two taboos! The Five Elements Divine Way has been passed down for so many years, and countless Proof of Divinity martial artists have used this ancient method to prove their Dao. They know how to do it, but they do not know how to do it. They have never been able to avoid these two taboos! That's why I said that Master Wu, you should follow the rules and stick to the old ways! "
"If you use the power of the gold form to remedy it, you can create Profound Gold in your Dantian to remedy it. Although this method is time-consuming and energy-consuming, ordinary True Divinities cannot obtain the Golden Core. If you use this method to cultivate, you will be able to do it in less than ten thousand years!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng stood with his hands clasped behind his back, his eyes indifferent.
The Proof of Divinity martial artists present were confused, and did not understand what Luo Zheng was talking about at all.
"This kid is really amazing, fabricating nonsense as soon as he opens his mouth!"
"Some people don't have any real ability, but their ability to talk without thinking is really great!"
"Who is Master Wu? Isn't it courting death to talk without thinking in front of him?"
The Proof of Divinity martial artists saw that the old man surnamed Wu did not speak, so they whispered to each other, waiting to see Luo Zheng being thrown out of the hall …
The old man surnamed Wu stood in the same place. After listening to Luo Zheng's words, he fell into deep thought.
Suddenly, it was as if a bolt of lightning had burst out of his mind and streaked across his soul. At this moment, his face was flushed, and his expression became abnormally excited, as if he had grasped a life-saving straw, and his tone could no longer remain calm, "You, you said the Profound Gold needed to remedy it. How much wood and how much gold does it need?"
Among the Five Elements, the power of Profound Gold was the fusion of gold and wood.
"Thirty percent, seventy percent," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
"Thirty percent, seventy percent …" The old man surnamed Wu was like a fool, walking back and forth in front of everyone, completely forgetting his demeanor in front of his students, and only lowering his head to think.
Everyone looked at each other in dismay, not knowing what was wrong with the old man surnamed Wu. Why did he suddenly become crazy …
"Using Profound Gold to remedy it, this method … this method is really stupid, but it's still more effective than the method of removing taboos … this method, this method is really feasible!" The old man surnamed Wu deduced in his mind, and actually agreed with the method that Luo Zheng taught him!
In order to break the two taboos, he was willing to stay in the Heaven-Containing Mansion to teach Dao and earn that meager amount of shenwu coins. According to the old man surnamed Wu's calculations, with this meager salary, it would probably take one or two divine eras to accumulate enough shenwu coins. Although the lifespan of a True God was unlimited, who would be willing to do so?
According to Luo Zheng's "stupid" method, it would only take ten thousand years. This would save a lot of time, and it would be good news for the millions of low-level True Gods who cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao!
"Who are you!? Where did you hear this method? "The old man surnamed Wu stared straight at Luo Zheng, his eyes shining as if he wanted to eat him alive.
"This one knows a little about the Five Elements Divine Dao … I comprehended it myself." Luo Zheng cupped his hands and smiled.
"That's impossible, that's impossible. How can you have such comprehension at such a young age, you …" The old man surnamed Wu looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, his face full of disbelief.
The Proof of Divinity cultivators present, including the two True God guards of the Heaven-Containing Mansion, were all dumbfounded.
Previously, the old man surnamed Wu had already said that Luo Zheng was a swindler, and in their hearts, they naturally regarded Luo Zheng as a swindler of real value. They never thought that Luo Zheng would be able to draw such an evaluation from the old man surnamed Wu with just a few words.
As for the bald cultivator beside Luo Zheng, his mouth was also wide open, staring at Luo Zheng in a daze, transfixed like a wooden chicken.
How could he have imagined that in order to drive away this little brat beside him, he would eventually lead to such a bizarre situation. At the same time, he also had a bad feeling in his heart …
Luo Zheng continued, "Allow this one to explain. Just now, this Luo did not ridicule Old Mister's words. It was only because this one sat in the wrong position that I was slandered by this person. As for that nonsense, this Luo did not say anything. It was these people who joined forces to slander this Luo, so this Luo could only go with the flow."
As Luo Zheng spoke, he pointed at the bald cultivator beside him …
The old man surnamed Wu glanced at the bald cultivator. Whether or not Luo Zheng had said anything was no longer important. What was important was that he had pointed out a solution.
But since Luo Zheng had explained himself like this, the old man surnamed Wu would naturally take action. He pointed at the bald cultivator, "Throw him out. I don't want to see this person again in the future."

Chapter 1763
Luo Zheng might have dabbled in the Five Elements Divine Dao, but his own understanding of it was not that deep.
Luo Zheng would not have been able to say what he had just said. He was still relying on the Evil Old Man in his mind.
The Extreme Evil Old Man chuckled in his mind. "The big shots in the floating island families of the Divine Domain don't care about the Golden Six Refinement Pill at all. If their disciples encounter the two taboos, they'll just give them a few more pills and they'll pass easily. They're unlike us grassroots True Gods who can't even produce a Golden Five Refinement Pill after years of hard work. We came up with this idea back then because we had no choice …"
The Evil Old Man had also cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao. Furthermore, he had personally gone to the Dao tablet of the Five Elements Divine Dao and studied it. Naturally, his understanding of the Five Elements Divine Dao far exceeded that of an ordinary lower True God!
As he had said, using the Black Gold method to break the two taboos was a stupid method. The "two taboos" were not a problem for the Sages and their disciples. A mere Five Transformation Golden Pill and a Six Transformation Golden Pill were nothing in their eyes. Therefore, they would not waste time thinking of a way to break the taboos. Even if they came up with the Black Gold method, no one would use it.
The Evil Old Man was considered a genius among the grassroots. He had relied on his own talent to cultivate to the peak of a middle True God. There were not many True Gods like him in the Divine Dominion.
After Elder Wu ordered his men to chase the bald cultivator away, he said to everyone, "Today's lesson ends here." Then, he stared at Luo Zheng as if he was afraid that Luo Zheng would run away. "Come with me!"
Luo Zheng nodded and was brought into the Heaven-Containing Palace by Elder Wu.
Today's lesson ended early. All the Proof of Divinity cultivators present looked regretful. Looking at Luo Zheng's back, their expressions were incomparably complicated. Some were envious, and some were jealous.
Some of the older Testimony Gods had stayed in Six Ren Divine City for countless years and still had not gained anything. Entering the Heaven-Containing Palace to cultivate the Divine Dao was still a distant dream.
They saw that Luo Zheng's bone age was still young, probably less than a hundred years old. With only a few words, he was personally led into the Heaven-containing Mansion by the True God of Dao Impartation. It was no wonder that they were jealous …
The Heaven-containing Prefecture was the Attestation Prefecture of the Han Family. In the eyes of Attestation Gods, it was the best place to attestation a god, second only to the floating islands in the Sea of Time.
Of course, those floating islands were like legends to ordinary Proving Gods and even many True Gods. They never had the extravagant hope of entering the floating islands, so naturally, they would not consider it. Therefore, the Heaven-containing Mansion was the best place to cultivate in Liuren Domain.
Following the entrance of the Heaven-Containing Mansion, Luo Zheng arrived at a spacious and flat plaza. There were corridors on both sides of the plaza. Under the guidance of the old man surnamed Wu, Luo Zheng followed the corridors to the side of the Heaven-Containing Mansion. They passed through a forest with dense vines. The winding path led to a secluded place, and the scenery was pleasant and exquisite.
Not long after, Luo Zheng was brought to a side courtyard. This side courtyard was where the old man with the surname Wu lived.
After inviting Luo Zheng to take a seat, the old man surnamed Wu asked, "Your Excellency, your surname is Luo?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"May I know Your Excellency's name?" the old man surnamed Wu asked again.
"This one is Luo Tianxing," Luo Zheng replied with cupped fists.
The old man surnamed Wu nodded. "May I know which family on the floating islands Your Excellency is from, and why have you come to Liuren Divine City?"
In Old Man Wu's eyes, let alone a Proof of Divinity martial artist, even a lower True Divinity martial artist wouldn't have such eyesight. For Luo Zheng to be able to come up with such an outrageous method, there was a high chance he came from some floating island family!
"This one has never been to a floating island," Luo Zheng shook his head and denied.
What he said was naturally true. Not only had he never been to a floating island, he had never even heard of what a floating island looked like …
"Is that so?" The old man surnamed Wu chuckled, but his face was still full of disbelief. "If you didn't come from a floating island, then this old man doesn't believe that Your Excellency comprehended the Profound Gold Breaking Technique on your own!"
This was not a matter of talent. If Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Five Elements Divine Dao had reached this level, it was impossible for him to just be a Attestation God cultivator. He would have long since become a True God, and if he used the Profound Gold Breaking Technique to make up for the two taboos, in ten thousand years, Luo Zheng would have already become a Middle True God!
Based on this logic, the old man surnamed Wu believed that Luo Zheng was lying.
Luo Zheng knew that the old man surnamed Wu would have such doubts, so he had already prepared an excuse. "To be honest, the Profound Gold Breaking Technique was not comprehended by me. It was left to me by a nameless senior. Benefactor Wu, think about it. Would the wealthy families on the floating islands really be so bored as to come up with such a stupid method? The Forbidden Gold Pill is something they can easily obtain. Why would they go through so much trouble? "
"This …" The old man surnamed Wu didn't think too deeply about the problem. Hearing Luo Zheng's explanation, it was indeed so. Those upper True Gods, Great Perfection Saints, and Saints monopolized almost ninety percent of the Shenwu coins in the God Domain. A sixth-grade Gold Pill was also an ordinary item in their eyes. How could they come up with the Profound Gold Breaking Technique? That would be extremely boring. The old man surnamed Wu nodded. "Indeed. It seems that nameless senior of yours was also born from a humble background. He's also an extremely intelligent person. I've studied the Five Elements Divine Dao all my life, but I've never come up with such a method. As you said, I've been blinded by my old ways. Alas …"
"This one did come to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture to ask for a favor," Luo Zheng took the opportunity to say.
The old man surnamed Wu glanced at Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng hadn't stated his purpose, he could guess. "You want to enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
These days, there were too many Proving Gods who wanted to enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. Too many …
All the Proving Gods treated the Heaven-Containing Prefecture as a dragon's gate. Once they passed this dragon's gate, the matter of becoming a Proving God was basically settled.
Almost every year, every month, every day, there were people who wanted to rely on the old man surnamed Wu to enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. However, those who could truly enter the Prefecture relied on their own strength and talent.
The old man surnamed Wu finally understood. This martial artist called Luo Tianxing wasn't from a wealthy family, nor was he a genius. He was just an ordinary Proving God martial artist who had coincidentally obtained the Profound Heaven Forbidden Breaking Technique. He wanted to use this technique to exchange for entering the Heaven-Containing Prefecture.
After all, Luo Zheng had helped the old man surnamed Wu. Therefore, when Luo Zheng made this request, the old man surnamed Wu couldn't refuse. He just shook his head and said, "Although I am the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's Teaching True God, to enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, you have to go through the Prefecture's selection process. I can't make an exception and take you into the Prefecture."
When the Heaven-Containing Prefecture recruited Proving Gods, there would often be hundreds of thousands of Proving Gods taking part in the examination at the same time. However, there would only be a dozen or so people who were actually accepted. This was truly one in a thousand. The old man surnamed Wu couldn't change the result.
Moreover, those who could enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture were all geniuses among the Proving Gods. Even if the old man surnamed Wu really helped Luo Zheng cheat, Luo Zheng's talent wasn't enough. If he entered the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, he would quickly be exposed.
"However, I can recommend you to fight for a spot in the Prefecture's examination. It's possible." The old man surnamed Wu's expression became unnatural.
A spot in the Prefecture's examination was difficult for normal warriors to obtain. After all, just a spot in the examination could be sold for seven or eight shenwu coins. It wasn't a small sum. However, the Xuan Gold Taboo Breaking Technique that Luo Zheng taught him was far from worth this price. The old man surnamed Wu owed Luo Zheng a big favor, but he could only help with this small matter. He felt bad.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "If Benefactor Wu can give me a spot, that would be the greatest help! I won't be picky. "
Benefactor Wu didn't know that Luo Zheng himself didn't care about the chance to enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. The Heaven-Containing Prefecture was just a springboard under his feet. His goal was Han Jia's floating island.
If he couldn't even enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture with his true ability, how could he enter Han Jia's floating island?
To be able to obtain a spot in the examination was enough for Luo Zheng. There was no need for the old man surnamed Wu to worry about the rest …
"If that's the case, then it's easy. You've picked the right time. The Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination is held once a year, and the examination will begin in a month. Right now, more than half of the spots have been given out. I'll ask for a spot for you. Wait a moment!" The old man surnamed Wu left the courtyard.
Not long after, the old man surnamed Wu returned with a white jade token in his hand. He handed it to Luo Zheng. "Just engrave your name on it."
Luo Zheng held the white jade token in his hand and felt a chill come from it. This kind of jade was an extremely rare material even in the universe, but it was probably a very common item in the divine realm. After receiving the token, Luo Zheng stood up and bid farewell to the old man surnamed Wu.
After Luo Zheng left, the old man surnamed Wu shook his head and muttered, "I actually hoped that you could enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture with your own ability, but I'm afraid there's no hope for that this year …"
This year was the Han Jia's big year of examination. The geniuses of the thirty-six regions under Han Jia's jurisdiction would all gather in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. This Luo Zheng's skeletal age was less than a hundred years. Although the old man surnamed Wu didn't have the opportunity to investigate Luo Zheng's innate talent, he knew it was most likely hopeless.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1764
One month later, the Heaven Containing Prefecture's recruitment test would begin. During this time, Luo Zheng stayed in Six Ren Divine City.
During this time, more and more people entered Six Ren Divine City. Most of them were God Refinement Realm cultivators. Naturally, they came for the Heaven Containing Prefecture.
In the vast space outside of the divine city, there were many complicated forces. For example, some sects were willing to invest and send some of their genius disciples into the Heaven Containing Prefecture. They hoped that they could prove their Divine Dao in the Heaven Containing Prefecture and repay the sect.
Other than the large and small sects, the second and third tier clans of the 36 domains also hoped that their disciples could enter the Heaven Containing Prefecture.
Thus, Six Ren Divine City became lively during this time.
The cost of using the spatial tunnel was as high as a hundred Shenwu coins. However, to the clans that controlled the divine city, it wasn't too much of a problem. More and more Divine Dao cultivators came through the spatial tunnel in Six Ren Divine City.
When the number of Divine Dao cultivators increased, it would cause some trouble.
The rules of Six Ren Divine City were set by the Thousand Commandments Slate. Although there was a huge difference between the Thousand Commandments Slate and the Control Slate, it was naturally much stronger than the Ten Commandments Slate. The Thousand Commandments Slate could record a thousand rules. Moreover, the range of the rules was larger, and the power of punishment was stronger.
Thus, some of the rules in Six Ren Divine City were slightly different from Mirror City.
Although Six Ren Divine City also prohibited fighting in the city, there were some additional rules. For example, one could challenge another person in Six Ren Divine City, but the price was one Shenwu coin.
No matter the outcome, this Shenwu coin would be paid to Six Ren Divine City. It was a "fighting tax" collected by Han Jia.
Most of the Proof of Divinity cultivators in the Divine Realm were quite young. They started cultivating from the Divine Sea Realm, so it wasn't too difficult for them to break through to the Third Transformation Stage. These youths were still young and full of vigor, so it was inevitable that they would cause trouble when they gathered together. If they fought, they would have to pay the "fighting tax", and the Sixth Ren Divine City was also adding fuel to the fire.
Thus, before the recruitment test, the Divine Dao cultivators in Six Ren Divine City fought each other. It was an opportunity to test their strength.
Hanyue Restaurant, the largest restaurant in Six Ren Divine City.
This restaurant was built with six pillars that supported the heavens, forming a massive patio. The diners ate at the outermost perimeter, and the isolated patio in the middle was deliberately provided with opportunities for martial artists to fight.
However, those who could enter the Hanyue Inn were basically people of status. After all, it would cost three to five God Martial Coins each time they entered. Even for many Lower True Gods, it would be difficult for them to afford it, let alone Proof Gods.
But for this group of Divine Warriors who came from famous families, it was not a problem …
Luo Zheng was also in the Hanyue Building today.
The Evil Old Man was very excited when he mentioned the Hanyue House. He strongly recommended Luo Zheng to come and broaden his horizons no matter what.
Luo Zheng had abstained from eating for many years, so he did not really care about eating. Moreover, the Evil Old Man did not leave him many God Martial Coins, so he seemed to be uninterested.
The universe created by the Saint is a second-class world. There are many impurities in the five grains, meat, and eggs. To put it bluntly, the material objects in the Divine Territory are all formed from chaos. Just eating them is beneficial. You see, abstaining from eating is something that the Gods can do with their eyes closed. But over the years, I don't see anyone who is willing to abstain from eating. You will understand once you make a trip to the Hanyue Building … "said the Evil Old Man.
The path of Godhood was long. If there was too much boredom in the endless years, these millions of True Gods would not be able to survive. Their path of cultivation was always for fame, profit, lust, and desire. There was always a legitimate reason. Just like what the Evil Old Man said, there were not many True Gods in the Divine Territory who abstained from eating because they did not have to consider the problem of "physical purity".
After some persuasion, Luo Zheng became curious. Since the God Martial Coins in his hands were given to him by the Evil Old Man, he came to the Hanyue Building today.
Once he entered the Hanyue Building, a lady dressed in green walked out gracefully. This lady did not have any cultivation and was only a God Citizen. She sized up Luo Zheng and saw that Luo Zheng was wearing a plain long gown. She had already underestimated Luo Zheng's status, but her expression did not change. She said in a graceful voice, "Young Master, are you invited by a friend?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I am alone."
"This way, please." The lady nodded. She led the way and led Luo Zheng to a seat on the left side of the first floor.
The Hanyue Building had a total of six floors. The interior was spacious, but the location of the first floor was not good.
Apart from tasting the delicacies, the most important reason to enter the Hanyue Building was to observe the battles between the martial artists who had proven themselves to be Gods. The building had a spacious patio for this purpose. There was no enchantment in the patio, so the first floor was the easiest to be affected by the battles between the martial artists.
For some reason, Luo Zheng sat alone while the Evil Old Man hurriedly introduced the dishes to Luo Zheng …
"The 'Snow Lotus Arch' here is very famous. The chill it contains can seep into the dantian and nourish the inner world …"
"There is also the 'Lovers Crossing Fire Terrace'. It is also a major specialty of the Hanyue Building …"
"…"
Before Luo Zheng could sit down, the Evil Old Man had already listed out a large number of dishes in his mind.
"Aren't these dishes too expensive?" Luo Zheng asked hesitantly.
"And the Moon Wine … expensive? Of course it's expensive. The price of the Hanyue Building is sky-high. One meal can eat an entire house. Back then, I … sigh … "The Evil Old Man suddenly became depressed.
The Big Mouth Monster who was imprisoned with him in the dungeon was even better at eating than the Evil Old Man. When they were first imprisoned in the dungeon, the Big Mouth Monster, Wu Yu, would recite all kinds of delicacies in the Divine Domain every day. Even the Evil Old Man had never heard of many of them. Naturally, he was extremely greedy. There was a time when the Evil Old Man could not stand it anymore and scolded the Big Mouth Monster. However, the Big Mouth Monster did not stop talking. Later, even Shi Qiaoqiao, who was on the second floor of the dungeon, could not stand it any longer.
After much difficulty, he finally escaped from the dungeon. Now, he was only a remnant soul and did not have the fortune to enjoy such delicacies.
When the receptionist of the Hanyue Building saw Luo Zheng sitting there in a daze without ordering, she frowned slightly. A trace of disdain appeared in her eyes. These poor people had entered Six Ren Divine City to enter the Heaven Containing Palace. They had no money to spend in the Hanyue Building, so they wanted to occupy a seat and watch the battles between the Proof of Divinity cultivators. It was truly annoying.
"Young Master, if you don't want to order, you can sit over there," the receptionist said grumpily. At the same time, she pointed with her jade-like hand.
The direction she was pointing at was the other side of the courtyard. A row of chairs had been neatly arranged there, and many people were already seated on them. Looking at the attire of these cultivators, one could tell that most of them were of humble origins and could not afford to spend money in the Hanyue Building. However, they were able to sit on a chair for free and inquire about the strength of this year's batch of Proof of Divinity cultivators.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Only now did he sense the disdain in the receptionist's eyes. However, he did not get angry. Instead, he simply smiled and listed the dishes that the Evil Old Man had ordered.
As he listed out the dishes, the receptionist's astonishment became more and more intense.
It turned out that Luo Zheng had ordered the best delicacies in the Hanyue Building. Although they were not the most expensive dishes, they were definitely not to be missed.
Some Proof of Divinity cultivators had the support of their clans. After entering the Hanyue Building, they wantonly splurged. However, they did not understand the essence of the Hanyue Building at all. This Luo Zheng was extremely experienced, which naturally made the receptionist feel strange.
However, as Luo Zheng listed out the names of these delicacies, the receptionist's expression changed slightly.
He had ordered more than ten delicacies in one go. The bill would probably cost more than two hundred Shenwu Coins. Looking at this person's attire, she was afraid that Luo Zheng would not be able to pay the bill.
However, the receptionist was not afraid. The Hanyue Building was one of the Han Clan's businesses. No one could renege on a debt here. If he really could not fork out that many Shenwu Coins, the one who would suffer a loss would not be her …
Just as the receptionist left, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an aura rushing towards him. He saw someone jump down from the third floor of the restaurant and stand firmly in the middle of the courtyard. Then, he cupped his fists and said, "I am Qian Hou from the Qian Clan of Mirror City!" Immediately after, he raised a Shenwu Coin and lightly flicked it into the air.
"Swish …"
That Shenwu Coin floated into the air. It was as if there was a mysterious force holding it in the air, causing it to remain motionless.

Chapter 1765
On the fourth floor of the Hanyue Inn, a well-built Proof of Divinity expert snorted and flicked a Shenwu Coin from his hand.
The black Shenwu Coin rolled down from the second floor. At the same time, the Proof of Divinity expert shouted, "Sun Hao accepts the challenge!"
As soon as he said that, the Shenwu Coin that was falling down stopped in mid-air. It seemed to have been caught by some mysterious force.
At the same time, Sun Hao jumped down from the second floor and lightly tapped the Shenwu Coin with the tip of his foot. He actually used the Shenwu Coin as a flight of stairs and landed in the courtyard of the Hanyue Inn!
"Huff … Huff …"
The Shenwu Coin that was still in mid-air circled around for a moment before flying up into the sky. It flew past the buildings of Six Ren Divine City and finally landed in front of a stone slab. In front of the stone slab, there was a small mountain of Shenwu Coins. There were probably tens of thousands of Shenwu Coins.
"These Shenwu Coins … should have been taken away by the power of the Thousand Commandments Stone Slab, right?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"Of course. After paying two Shenwu Coins, both sides can fight. However, they are still not allowed to attack others," Old Man Extreme Evil said calmly.
The delicacies that Luo Zheng had ordered had yet to be served. Now, there was a good show to watch.
Although Luo Zheng was confident that he would have no problem entering the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, Luo Zheng still needed to understand the geniuses of the Divine Dominion.
"The Sun and Qian Families are at it again …"
"They come here almost every year. Aren't these two families tired of it?"
"What do you know? The outcome of their battle is very important to these two families!"
The whispers reached Luo Zheng's ears. Luo Zheng revealed a hint of curiosity. "It sounds like the Sun and Qian Families have some grudges?"
"Hehe, the grudges between these two families have been going on for a long time. I already knew about it when I was still in the Vast Sky Region," Old Man Extreme Evil said with a smile.
As it turned out, the Vast Sky Region was controlled by three major families. Each family occupied two divine cities.
To these third-rate clans in the God Domain, the divine cities were extremely important. Most of the Shenwu Coins were obtained from these divine cities. The Sun, Qian, and Yang Clans of the Vast Sky Region each had two divine cities. However, there was still a central divine city in the Vast Sky Region called Tianmu God City.
Tianmu City had the Hundred Commandments Stone Slab. Whether it was in size or size, it was much larger than the other six divine cities. so it could earn more Shenwu Coins.
Unfortunately, Han Jia had not given them the rights to Skyveil City back then. Hence, the Sun, Qian, and Yang Clans had been entangled in the issue of Skyveil City. Sometimes, there would be conflicts, and sometimes, they would even fight.
.. and Qian Family, the Sun and Qian and this caused the conflict of the Sun and Qian's and Qian.....
In the end, the two families alerted the Han Family. They stepped in to quell the conflict, but they also set a rule. Every year before the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's entrance exam, the Sun and Qian Families would each send three God Refinement Realm cultivators to compete to determine the ownership of Tianmu City.
This way, the Sun and Qian Families naturally understood the importance of nurturing the younger generation. They poured a lot of resources into their disciples. In the eyes of these two families, entering the Heaven-Containing Prefecture was secondary. Whether or not they could obtain control of Tianmu City was the most important thing.
That was why Luo Zheng saw such a scene today …
"In other words, these two people should represent the most powerful Proof Realm cultivators of the Qian and Sun Families?" Luo Zheng asked.
"One of them, hehe," Old Man Extreme Evil replied.
As they spoke, the two people in the courtyard began to fight.
Sun Hao took a step forward and went straight for Qian Hou. In his hand was a long spear shining with golden light. The shape of the spear was a little strange. The spear shaft was curved like a snake's body, and the spearhead was embedded with a triangular golden snake head!
"Coiling Dragon Spear!"
Although everyone in the Hanyue Inn was only sparring, paying Shenwu Coins was still considered a duel. It was common for people to die if they didn't hold back.
The long spear stabbed out like a coiling poisonous snake. It actually changed directions in the air. Sun Hao's spear looked like it was going for Qian Hou's head, but with a slight twist, it actually went for Qian Hou's chest!
"Good! Good spear skills! "
"The Sun Family's Coiling Dragon Spear is known for its strangeness. It's extremely difficult to guard against …"
"Looking at Sun Hao's momentum, I'm afraid Tianmu City will still be under the control of the Sun Family!"
Hearing these comments, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes …
When he first came to the Divine Dominion, he had seen the strength of the Divine Dominion cultivators in Meng Village.
Not to mention Little Wen and Little Wu of Meng Village, as villagers of a remote village, it was understandable that they didn't cultivate superior martial arts techniques.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, the cultivators of Sun Moon Stockade were extremely lame. Although they were all at the Ultimate Divine Realm, their cultivation was nothing. In terms of the exquisiteness of their martial arts techniques, they were probably not as good as the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators in the Dayan Universe.
Now that Luo Zheng had arrived in Liuren Divine City, the people he was facing were the elites of the various third-tier clans. However, when Sun Hao made his move, Luo Zheng was still rather disappointed.
Although the Coiling Dragon Spear was exquisite, in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was too flashy. How could it be considered "good" if it could be easily broken through with strength and speed?
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the development of martial arts techniques in the various universes had actually progressed further than in the Divine Dominion. This was because the people of the Divine Dominion could cross the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation in a short period of time and become a Proof of Divinity cultivator.
After becoming a Proof of Divinity cultivator, they would immediately step into the Divine Dao.
The time for cultivation below the True Divinity stage was very short. Naturally, no one was willing to put in the effort to study these martial arts techniques. After all, after becoming a True Divinity, they would have the higher level of "Divine Codex" to cultivate.
Sun Hao's tricky spear thrust towards Qian Hou. Qian Hou was already prepared. He suddenly flipped his body and used an extremely ingenious movement technique to dodge Sun Hao's spear thrust. At the same time, Qian Hou took advantage of the momentum to roll forward, wanting to get closer to Sun Hao.
Although it was true that the longer a weapon was, the more powerful it would be. However, the longer a weapon was, the more afraid it would be if someone got close to it. Once someone got close to it, it would be difficult to display its power.
How could Sun Hao allow Qian Hou to do this?
Sun Hao gripped the snake-shaped golden spear in his hand. With a light shake, the snake-shaped golden spear's head wound around and continuously stabbed towards Qian Hou below.
"Boom, boom, boom!"
Three consecutive spears nailed to the floor.
The material in the Divine Domain was far tougher than the material in the universe. If they were in the universe, Sun Hao's three spear thrusts would be enough to destroy three enormous mountains. However, when they were nailed to the solid floor, they were only able to pierce out three tiny holes!
Luo Zheng also noticed that the floor actually had the ability to heal. The moment those tiny holes appeared, the floor would constantly squirm, and the tiny holes would quickly disappear.
Others might be used to such details, but Luo Zheng found it to be extremely novel. In the Great Evolution Universe, there was no "floor" that could withstand the attacks of a Sector Lord. Even if there was such a material, no one would waste it and use it to create a floor …
Sun Hao's three spears didn't manage to pierce Qian Hou, and Qian Hou had already smoothly closed in on Sun Hao. A bright blue light flashed in his hand. It was an icy blue sharp short sword!
The fatal short sword turned around and drew out an azure sharp light. Following the sound of cloth tearing, Qian Hou's short sword stopped in front of Sun Hao's neck …
Luo Zheng's brows raised slightly, "This move is not bad."
Sun Hao breathed heavily as he stared deadly at Qian Hou.
If the icy blue short sword moved another inch, Sun Hao would fall here today.
"Did you let me win?" Qian Hou asked indifferently.
Sun Hao glared hatefully. In front of so many people, it wasn't good for him to act too rashly. He then clasped his fists towards the people from Hanyue Inn and left the courtyard.
Qian Hou's simple and honest face smiled towards the crowd, "Sorry for my incompetence." With that, he prepared to leave.
However, before Qian Hou could leave the courtyard, a shenwu coin was thrown down from above. It bounced a few times on the ground, and an indifferent voice sounded, "Qian Hou, I challenge you. How about it?"
As the voice sounded, the shenwu coin on the ground suddenly jumped up and floated in mid air. When the voice issued the challenge, the Thousand Commandments Stone Slab's power came into effect, causing the shenwu coin to float in mid air.
"I, Qian Hou, still have matters to attend to. I'll pass this time."
Qian Hou only wanted to challenge Sun Hao. He didn't accept anyone else's challenge. With that, he turned and left the courtyard.
Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the shenwu coin floating in mid air.
He didn't intend to fight. Even if he won, he would lose a shenwu coin. Such a losing deal was meaningless to him.
However, the following scene caused Luo Zheng's eyes to light up.

Chapter 1766
These Shenwu Coins were neither gold nor wood. They made thumping sounds as they hit the floor.
They fell from the fourth floor and scattered all over the floor. There were about three to four hundred of them.
When the Proof of God martial artists in the Hanyue Inn saw this, their breathing quickened. This was especially so for those on the first and second floors. There were even a few True Gods who were tempted.
Four hundred Shenwu Coins was enough to buy two houses in Six Ren Divine City. To many Lower True Gods, this was a huge sum of money.
Although the martial artists in the Hanyue Inn were envious, no one dared to enter the hall to pick up the coins. Anyone who dared to throw out Shenwu Coins like this must have a powerful background.
"Hu …"
On the fourth floor, a figure shot down and stood silently on the floor.
In the Divine Dominion, those below the Upper True God level were unable to fly. The person on the fourth floor used an ingenious technique to disperse the force of the impact. He was like a nimble cat.
That person was wearing a purple robe and a purple gold crown. He had fair skin and red lips. He looked like a young man of about sixteen or seventeen years old and was as handsome as a young girl.
"Is no one going to challenge me? If you win, all of these will belong to you, "the young man said nonchalantly.
This young man had thrown out a Shenwu Coin to challenge Qian Hou, but Qian Hou had rejected him. Hence, he had thrown out a pile of Shenwu Coins to bet on the battle.
The Shenwu Coins on the floor were tempting. Many Proof of God martial artists' mouths twitched as they shook their heads. No one dared to challenge him!
"The young master of the Hulan Family …"
"That violent young master? Challenging him is courting death! "
"This young man is extremely strong and doesn't hold back at all. Breaking an arm or a leg is a small matter. He might even lose his life!"
Although Shenwu Coins were extremely tempting, one's life was obviously more important.
The Hulan Family was one of the top three families in the thirty-six regions under the Han Family's rule. It was also one of the few second-tier families in the thirty-six regions. It had a close relationship with the Han Family and many of its members were assisting the Han Family on the floating island.
This young master's real name was Hulan Zhuo. He was extremely talented and strong. He had just turned fifteen this year and was already a Proof of God martial artist! Huolan Zhuo had an appearance that was even more exquisite than a woman's, but his attacks were extremely cruel and ruthless.
He had already entered the Six Ren Divine City a month ago and fought with others. He had already crippled three Proof Divinity Martial Artists and even killed another Proof Divinity Martial Artist!
The deceased Testimonial Martial Artist was also an elite from another third-tier family. When he found out about this, he naturally went to the Hulan Family to reason with them. In the end, the Hulan Family only paid compensation.
With his misdeeds in front of him, the Shenwu coins on the ground didn't look as good anymore.
For a moment, the restless atmosphere in Hanyue Tower also quieted down …
After a short while, a burly man walked out from the right corner of the first floor. This burly man was eight feet tall and was as sturdy as an iron tower. The most eye-catching part was his right hand, which was covered in a layer of brown scales. It seemed to be the scales of some kind of fierce beast.
"I'll challenge you," the burly man said with a grin.
The Proof Divinity Martial Artists from second-tier and third-tier families were usually on the third floor. The elite disciples of these families might not care about a few hundred Shenwu coins.
However, it was different for the grassroots Proof Divinity Martial Artists on the first and second floor. If they won these Shenwu coins, it was very likely that their destinies would change. It was worth the risk. In addition, some grassroots Proof Divinity Martial Artists had never heard of the person "Huolan Zhuo," so they were naturally less fearful.
When Huolan Zhuo saw that someone had finally come to challenge him, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly and revealed a charming smile.
"He's so good-looking. This child from the Hulan Family is even prettier than a woman," a woman sighed softly.
As the two Shenwu coins shot into the air and flew out of Hanyue Tower, the burly man leaned forward without saying anything and charged at Huolan Zhuo like a ferocious beast.
While he was running, the burly man suddenly stretched out his right hand. The brown scales on his right hand started to flicker with a faint luster. There were indistinct colors flowing within them …
"It's a poisonous hand!"
"This person cultivates the Poison Dao. Pay attention to his right hand!"
"Those who dare to challenge Huolan Zhuo must have some skills after all …"
The burly man rushed forward and suddenly grabbed at Huolan Zhuo with his right hand. A fishy wind blew from his palm. Each of his fingers was as thick as an arm. How was this a hand? It was clearly the giant claw of a ferocious creature!
Huolan Zhuo stood still in the field. The moment he saw the giant claw coming at him, Huolan Zhuo suddenly stretched out his finger and pointed at the center of the giant claw.
"Dong."
Huolan Zhuo's finger pointed at the center of the giant claw. Just his index finger was enough to block the giant claw's momentum. At the same time, the crowd heard a buzzing sound as if some kind of subtle metal was vibrating.
Immediately after, circles of thin black ripples appeared around the burly man's arm. These ripples were very small and could only be detected by those with keen eyesight.
The moment these ripples appeared, they began to tighten rapidly!
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
Immediately, the crowd heard a series of shattering sounds.
The burly man's right hand was cut off neatly. It broke into seven or eight pieces and fell to the ground in pieces …
"Ah!"
At this moment, the burly man let out a loud roar. He covered his severed right arm and retreated seven or eight steps.
Normally, a fight would end at this point. Out of courtesy and respect, they would give the other party some time to catch his breath. After all, this burly man did not have a life-and-death feud with Huolan Zhuo.
However, Huolan Zhuo did not stop at all. While the burly man was retreating, he was still very close to him. His finger was about to hit the burly man's head. If it hit, the burly man's head would be cut into pieces …
At the thought of this miserable outcome, the burly man finally understood why no one had dared to challenge Huolan Zhuo earlier.
His face turned ghastly pale. In an emergency, he was quick-witted. Without any hesitation, he rolled sideways on the ground. With a sudden kick of his legs, he flew forward horizontally and crashed out of the courtyard.
There were still people eating outside the courtyard. When the burly man crashed into the courtyard, he naturally smashed several tables. However, he still managed to save his life.
Huolan Zhuo looked regretful that he had failed to take the burly man's life. He raised an index finger and gently swayed it. Faint black ripples surrounded his index finger. It seemed that some kind of sharp weapon was attached to his finger.
"What a ruthless fellow …"
Luo Zheng was already sitting upright in his seat. His eyes drifted indifferently in that direction.
This fellow did not have any scruples when making a move. He just wanted to kill. Under such circumstances, it was too much.
The Shenwu Coins in the courtyard were obviously tempting to Luo Zheng. However, he still did not intend to make a move …
At this moment, the girl from Hanyue Restaurant led a few servants to Luo Zheng with plates of exquisite dishes. The servants smoothly placed the dishes on Luo Zheng's table.
Originally, everyone's attention was on the young master of the Huolan Family. Coincidentally, Huolan Zhuo's seat was not far from Luo Zheng's. Moreover, on the first floor of Hanyue Restaurant, many Proving God martial artists would only spend a few Shenwu Coins to order one or two side dishes in order to get a table. They would not be as extravagant as Luo Zheng and order a table full of delicacies.
Even on the third and fourth floor, there were not many people like Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Luo Zheng immediately attracted the attention of everyone in Hanyue Restaurant, including Huolan Zhuo.
Everyone sized up Luo Zheng. Looking at Luo Zheng's clothes and face, they felt that he was not familiar with them. Moreover, he looked like a grassroots martial artist. How could he afford to spend such a table full of delicacies?
"Young Master, all the dishes you ordered have been served. Please enjoy your meal." The girl bowed to Luo Zheng and left with the servants. She had the same thought as everyone else. She wanted to see how this fellow would settle the bill later! If he could not take out so many Shenwu Coins, the True God Realm fighters in Hanyue Restaurant would not be easy to deal with …
Luo Zheng did not mind these gazes. He nonchalantly took a pair of chopsticks and poured himself a cup of wine. Then, he gently tapped the wine cup with his finger. A wisp of the Law of Fire dissipated.
"Hua …"
The wine in the cup was ignited, and a pale green flame rose.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1767
Blue flames soared and condensed into the shape of a new moon. It was very exquisite.
This was the famous wine of Liuren Divine City, the Moon Containing Wine. Just a small pot cost 20 Shenwu Coins.
Luo Zheng felt that the price was ridiculously high, but the Evil Old Man strongly recommended it and told Luo Zheng, "The most important thing is this pot of wine!"
When the crowd saw Luo Zheng ignite the wine, they were also curious. Most of them focused their attention on Luo Zheng. Even Hulan Zhuo's round eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng, wondering what Luo Zheng was up to.
Then, Luo Zheng's right hand reached for the first dish.
On the dish, snow lotus petals were stacked on top of each other, forming a small arch bridge. It was the famous dish of Hanyue Restaurant, the Snow Lotus Arch.
The snow lotus was harvested from the Saint Lotus Mountain in the Snow Region. It was a natural cold object and was still emitting dense cold air.
In the God Domain, even ordinary God Dwellers could swallow such a cold object. If it were the creatures in the universe below the Life and Death Realm, they wouldn't even be able to come within three feet of the table, let alone swallow it. It was no different from courting death.
When Luo Zheng's chopsticks picked up a snow lotus petal, a layer of frost appeared on the chopsticks.
Then, Luo Zheng placed the snow lotus petal on top of the wine cup and roasted it. The crescent-like flame curled around the snow lotus petal.
When an object of extreme cold came into contact with fire, it would have an extreme reaction. The snow lotus petal melted under the fire and emitted a strange stench.
"It stinks!"
"What is this brat burning?!"
"It stinks unbearably! Who is going to stop this brat … "
The stench permeated the air and rushed into the noses of others. Immediately, many people covered their noses and frowned, looking at Luo Zheng with disgust.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to those voices. He was focused on listening to the Evil Old Man's instructions.
"The Moon Containing Wine is brewed from the 'Lunar Sea Jade Pillar'. The Sea Marrow smells very fragrant, but after burning, the stench is unbearable. After fusing with the Snow Lotus, the stench will be even worse …" Then, mix the Earth Crystal Tendons in the Crossing Fire Mandarin Duck Terrace, and then refine it with True Fire. Crush the Charming Eye Branch into powder and sprinkle it on … "
Luo Zheng's reaction was very quick. He did whatever the Evil Old Man said.
Amidst this foul stench, the onlookers were dumbfounded. How was this kid eating? He was clearly refining a golden pill!
Luo Zheng's hands didn't stop moving. He had the same thought as the others. This seemed to be alchemy. It was just that one alchemy furnace was missing.
He also felt rather depressed in his heart. Why did it take so much effort to eat!
Following the Evil Old Man's instructions, Luo Zheng reached out and pushed gently, once again congealing the True Fire.
After a short while, a crisp "ding" sound rang out, and a golden core really did fall out from the burning ingredients … And the moment this golden core appeared, a strange fragrance once again filled the air, and it quickly spread throughout the entire Boundless Moon Inn!
"He's really concocting pills …"
"It smells so good!"
"I've never smelled this kind of pill fragrance before … It doesn't smell like medicine at all. Instead, it smells like vegetables …"
Luo Zheng stared at this golden core with a surprised expression. He then said to the Evil Old Man, "So you want me to refine this golden core …"
"What a joke! Is it so easy to refine a golden core? This is just a food pill. It can only satisfy one's appetite, "the Evil Old Man said with a proud smile.
The fragrance of this food pill continued to spread, and it became stronger and stronger. The smell seemed to seep into one's soul, causing many cultivators present to gulp. They couldn't help but have a strong appetite.
Luo Zheng was no exception. He couldn't help but grab the food pill and put it into his mouth.
The extremely complex taste spread rapidly on the tip of Luo Zheng's tongue, causing Luo Zheng's soul to tremble. He couldn't describe the taste at all. He could only lower his head and taste it carefully. The moment he tasted it, he would remember the taste for the rest of his life. It would be unforgettable.
He finally understood why the Evil Old Man kept telling him to come to the Hanyue Inn after he entered Six Ren Divine City.
It turned out that the True Gods in the divine territory had endless lifespans. They had a lot of time to study all kinds of things. They could study the Divine Way to the extreme, and they could also study food to the extreme. This gave Luo Zheng a new understanding of the divine territory's cultural heritage.
On the top floor of the Hanyue Inn, Han Wenshan and Han Jiaming looked down at Luo Zheng with strange expressions.
"This person's bone age is less than 100 years old, but he's experienced and knowledgeable. He can even refine the Great Vegetarian Pill!" Han Wenshan said in surprise.
"I don't know which senior or expert he got the secret recipe from. It's interesting. Some strange people appeared in my Han Family's examination this year," Han Jiaming said with a smile.
The two brothers had represented the Han Family in managing the Hanyue Inn for three Divine Eras. They had heard of the Great Vegetarian Pill before, but they had never seen it with their own eyes. Now that they saw it in the hands of a cultivator who had proven himself to be a god, they were naturally confused.
"Should we bring this fellow up here for questioning?" Han Wenshan asked.
"No, this person will definitely take part in the Han Family's examination. We'll know whether he's a dragon or a phoenix by then." Han Jiaming shook his head.
Although the Great Vegetarian Pill was miraculous, it could only satisfy one's desire for good food. In some people's eyes, it was still not the right way to go …
…
…
Everyone in the Hanyue Inn focused their attention on Luo Zheng. They had all sorts of guesses about Luo Zheng's identity.
Meanwhile, Hulan Zhuo stood alone in the middle of the courtyard …
Hulan Zhuo had stood out in such a high-profile manner to establish his authority.
The Heaven-containing Prefecture's examination was not easy. This was because the Heaven-containing Prefecture did not only test one's strength, but also many other aspects. There were many variables, and it was not certain that one could pass just because they were strong.
After Hulan Zhuo had intimidated these cultivators, everyone was afraid of him during the examination. Naturally, they did not dare to act recklessly.
However, he had just won a round, and everyone had suddenly shifted their focus to the delicacies of the Hanyue Inn. Wasn't this somewhat strange?
Feeling depressed, Hulan Zhuo suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng and shouted, "Hey! You! "
Luo Zheng was still savoring the aftertaste of the Great Vegetarian Pill. When he saw Hulan Zhuo pointing at him and shouting at him, he frowned and asked, "What's the matter?"
"How about I challenge you?" Hulan Zhuo raised the corner of his mouth and said, "If you win, these are all yours!" As he spoke, he pointed at the Shenwu Coins at his feet.
Luo Zheng followed Hulan Zhuo's gaze and looked at him. He smiled faintly and then shook his head.
"What do you mean? You don't dare? " Hulan Zhuo continued to provoke him. He was a little unhappy. If Luo Zheng did not agree to the challenge, there was nothing he could do to Luo Zheng. Even though he was a member of the Hulan Family, he could not casually make a move in Liuren Divine City. The consequences of violating the rules of the Thousand Commandments Slate were severe.
Luo Zheng replied, "It's not that I don't dare. It's just that it's not enough."
"You mean the Shenwu Coins are not enough?" Hulan Zhuo's eyes lit up slightly.
Luo Zheng nodded and did not say anything.
Unexpectedly, Hulan Zhuo waved his hand and scattered another handful of Shenwu Coins on the ground. There were another 200 to 300 Shenwu Coins in this handful.
"The Hulan Family is really rich! Hulan Zhuo is just a Proving God expert, yet he has so many Shenwu Coins with him! "
"This world is so unfair. Many True Gods can't earn so much even if they work hard for a few Divine Epochs …"
"I think that brat is just making excuses. No matter how many Shenwu Coins Hulan Zhuo has, would he dare to accept the challenge?"
In the eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng was no match for Hulan Zhuo.
However, Luo Zheng did not want to lose face when Hulan Zhuo challenged him. Therefore, he said that Hulan Zhuo did not have enough Shenwu Coins.
Now that Hulan Zhuo had scattered more Shenwu Coins, there were as many as 600 to 700 Shenwu Coins in the courtyard!
Everyone's gaze gathered on Luo Zheng again, waiting for his reaction.
However, Luo Zheng still shook his head and said, "Not enough."
Huolan Zhuo was not annoyed at all. He patted his waist, and with a flash of golden light, a dazzling golden bracelet appeared in his hand. As he shook the golden bracelet continuously, Shenwu coins fell from it again and again.
Another 300 Shenwu Coins!
In just a short while, there were as many as 1,000 Shenwu Coins in the courtyard.
Everyone's gaze was once again drawn back to the Shenwu Coins!
1,000 Shenwu Coins …
Many Proving God experts were tempted.
Many intermediate True Gods were probably only worth this much.
Some powerful family elites also had the urge to give it a try. However, Hulan Zhuo was challenging Luo Zheng, not them.
"It's still not enough." Luo Zheng continued to shake his head. At the same time, he poured himself a cup of wine.
This time, Hulan Zhuo was finally annoyed. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked coldly, "How much is enough?"
Upon hearing this, Luo Zheng finally smiled. This was what he had been waiting for.
He knew that there were not only fights in the Hanyue Building but also gambling fights.
However, he also understood that he only had one chance to fight. Once he won, no idiot would be foolish enough to give him Shenwu Coins for free.
Seizing this opportunity to earn as many Shenwu Coins as possible was Luo Zheng's real goal.
Previously, Luo Zheng was too lazy to challenge Hulan Zhuo because he felt that he did not have enough Shenwu Coins. 200 Shenwu Coins were not enough. One thousand Shenwu Coins were still not enough. He needed to wait for a suitable opportunity.
He did not expect this brat from the Hulan Family to be so hot-tempered that this opportunity presented itself in advance.
"This much." Luo Zheng extended five fingers and said nonchalantly.
"5,000 Shenwu Coins?" Hulan Zhuo frowned.
Luo Zheng's lips curled up slightly. "Yes, this is the amount!"
"5,000 …"
"That brat is really demanding an exorbitant price!"
"This is not an exorbitant price. He purposely said such a large number to put Hulan Zhuo in a difficult position. I'm afraid that Hulan Zhuo will have no choice but to give up challenging Luo Zheng."
"It's a pity that he has underestimated the financial resources of the Hulan Family. Although 5,000 Shenwu Coins is a huge sum, it is not a big problem for the Hulan Family …"
As expected, Hulan Zhuo pondered for a while and smiled coldly at Luo Zheng. "5,000 Shenwu Coins it is!"

Chapter 1768
As soon as Hulan Zhuo finished speaking, a person stuck his head out from the fourth floor of the Hanyue Building.
This person's head was shiny and had a strange pattern on it. His eyes were as cold as ice. He was the "Uncle Lian" that Hulan Zhuo had mentioned.
"Little Master." Uncle Lian cupped his hands at Hulan Zhuo across the guardrail.
"Money," Hulan Zhuo said faintly.
"Little Master …" Uncle Lian hesitated. At the same time, he stared at Luo Zheng faintly.
Uncle Lian was a Peak Lower True God. His abilities were much stronger than ordinary True Gods.
It was not that he did not believe in Hulan Zhuo's abilities, but it was unwise to take out five thousand Shenwu Coins at once. After all, five thousand Shenwu Coins was a large sum of money to many families.
Moreover, he had been secretly observing Luo Zheng. He could faintly sense that Luo Zheng was not an ordinary Proving God warrior. Although Luo Zheng was extremely reserved, he could still smell the indistinct soul aura of Luo Zheng. The aura was like invisible sharp swords floating around him. It gave Uncle Lian a vague but powerful feeling.
"What are you trying to say?" Hulan Zhuo looked at Uncle Lian and asked.
Uncle Lian frowned …
Although he was a Peak Lower True God, he was only a guard of the Hulan Family.
He had been guarding the Little Master for many years. He knew the Little Master's temper better than anyone else. In the current situation, the Little Master was certain that the warrior did not dare to accept the challenge. That was why he had demanded an exorbitant price. Moreover, the Little Master was very concerned about his reputation. Since he had already taken out a thousand Shenwu Coins, he could not give up halfway under the watchful eyes of so many people!
If he made the Little Master unhappy, he would have a hard time.
In the end, Uncle Lian could only clench his teeth. With a light pat, a small golden silk pouch appeared in his hand. He tossed the golden silk pouch down from the sky.
Hulan Zhuo caught the golden silk pouch and turned to smile at Luo Zheng. With a light twist of his finger, he opened the pouch.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
These Shenwu Coins were not made of metal. Instead, they seemed to be made of some kind of wood. They made a crisp sound when they were sprinkled on the ground.
When Hulan Zhuo scattered the Shenwu coins in the brocade pouch on the ground, there were a total of 5,000 Shenwu coins under his feet. The black coins piled up like a small hill.
When the surrounding Proof of Divinity martial artists saw the Shenwu Coins, they were all dazzled.
"Five thousand Shenwu coins …"
"For many third-tier clans, this is a huge sum of money!"
"He's confident in his own strength. So what? Let's see how that brat gets off the stage today! "
Seeing Hulan Zhuo's sincerity, the onlookers naturally focused their attention on Luo Zheng. Just now, Luo Zheng had asked for 5,000 Shenwu coins. Now that Hulan Zhuo had taken out the money, they wondered what excuse Luo Zheng would come up with.
Of course, they didn't know that before Luo Zheng opened his mouth, he had already thought about all the possible consequences.
First, he asked the Evil Old Man about Hulan Zhuo's clan. The Hulan Family was a second-tier clan in the 36 regions. To ordinary True Gods, they were a huge force. Moreover, they had an excellent relationship with the Han Family.
However, even the Hulan Family couldn't do as they pleased in Six Ren Divine City. Even if he offended this clan, Luo Zheng would still be safe in Six Ren Divine City.
Moreover, the Han Family had always been strict with the clans under their control. After Luo Zheng entered the Han Tian Prefecture, the Hulan Family wouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng.
Moreover, although 5,000 Shenwu Coins wasn't a small sum, to the Hulan Family, which controlled two central divine cities and six ordinary divine cities, it was just a little painful.
After seeing the risks involved, Luo Zheng offered the price of 5,000 Shenwu Coins.
If he offered a price that was too high, Hulan Zhuo might not be able to take it out. After thinking about it, 5,000 Shenwu Coins was the most suitable price.
"Here are 5,000 Shenwu Coins!" Hulan Zhuo stared intently at Luo Zheng and sneered. "I believe that you won't dare to trick me. Moreover, you should know that the consequences of doing so are very serious!"
Hulan Zhuo actually wanted to hear what other excuses Luo Zheng could come up with …
Everyone had the same thought. They wanted to see if Luo Zheng dared to fight …
Luo Zheng slowly walked away from the table. Just as he started to walk away, the lady who served Luo Zheng in Hanyue Restaurant rushed over and stopped him. "Wait a minute!"
"What?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
"Pay the bill first," she said stubbornly. She was afraid that if Luo Zheng died at the hands of Hulan Zhuo, no one would pay the bill for Hanyue Restaurant.
Looking at the stubborn look in the lady's eyes, Luo Zheng smiled helplessly and said to Hulan Zhuo, "Sorry, please wait a minute." With that, he took out some Shenwu Coins and paid for the meal.
After the lady left, a Shenwu Coin appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. He smiled at Hulan Zhuo and said, "Since you've lost, you can't go back on your word."
"You're so long-winded. Who do you think I am? Why would I go back on my word?" Hulan Zhuo said coldly.
Luo Zheng smiled and gently tossed the Shenwu Coin. Then, he said, "I accept your challenge!"
"Buzz …"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Shenwu Coin stopped in the air. Then, it flew up into the sky together with the Shenwu Coin that Hulan Zhuo had tossed out earlier …
In this way, the restriction of the Thousand Commandments Slate in Liuren Divine City was temporarily lifted.
The moment the Shenwu Coin flew away …
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows abruptly and a golden light flashed in his eyes!
A wisp of extremely powerful Soul Suppression shot toward Hulan Zhuo!
At the same time, Luo Zheng dashed toward Hulan Zhuo like an arrow released from a bow!
"Oh no!" Seeing this, Uncle Lian, who was on the fourth floor, suddenly changed his expression. Although Luo Zheng had only released a very small wisp of Soul Suppression, Uncle Lian could still sense the terror of this Soul Suppression!
Hulan Zhuo had never expected Luo Zheng to be so ferocious. Luo Zheng had charged at him with a thunderous momentum. His reaction was not slow, but when he was about to take action, he felt a sharp pain in his head. His soul had been penetrated by a small invisible arrow.
The pain was unbearable. However, before Hulan Zhuo could cry out, Luo Zheng had already crashed into him.
This collision was like a mountain in the divine territory smashing onto Huolan Zhuo's body. Huolan Zhuo opened his mouth, wanting to cry out in pain. However, due to Luo Zheng's collision, he only let out a muffled groan and flew backward like a kite with a broken string.
"Crash … Kacha …"
Hulan Zhuo flew backward, smashing many tables and chairs along the way. Even some Testimonies of the Divinity Realm warriors were unlucky enough to be injured.
For a moment, the entire first floor of the Hanyue Building was in chaos …
Hulan Zhuo lay motionless on the ground. No one knew whether he was dead or alive. The Testimonies of the Divinity Realm warriors who were implicated screamed miserably and looked at Luo Zheng in horror.
The Hanyue Building was dead silent.
They were already surprised when Luo Zheng agreed to Hulan Zhuo's challenge so readily.
However, most of them still thought that Luo Zheng was just trying to be brave and that the final result would be miserable. According to the character of the Hulan Family's young master, Luo Zheng was very likely to die.
They had never expected that the fight between the two would end in such a way!
It was only one move …
The girl in the Hanyue Building covered her mouth with her small hands and stared blankly at the young man not far away …
Although she was only a Divine People, she had been working in the Hanyue Building for many years and had seen many experts fight with each other. However, it was rare for someone to defeat an opponent with one move like Luo Zheng.
It would only be possible if there was a huge gap in strength and cultivation between two warriors. However, Luo Zheng was only a Testimonies of the Divinity Realm warrior while Hulan Zhuo was the young master of the Hulan Family!
Luo Zheng smiled and took out the Boundless Sword from his waist. He pulled out the scabbard and started to collect the Shenwu Coins on the ground.
After entering the Divine Domain, Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring was scrapped. However, the Boundless Sword and the scabbard of this sword were both made from materials from the Divine Domain. The scabbard was originally a Sumeru Space. Therefore, this scabbard became Luo Zheng's temporary Sumeru Ring. Some important items such as the Soul-Searching Flag were also temporarily stored in it.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to take away the Shenwu Coins, "Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!" A few more people jumped down from the fourth floor of the Hanyue Building. The one leading them was the Hulan Family's "Uncle Lian".
Uncle Lian stared at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "Do you dare to take these Shenwu Coins? “
Luo Zheng's bent body straightened up again. He smiled and asked, "Why wouldn't I dare?"
"Are you not afraid of our Hulan Family?" Uncle Lian saw Luo Zheng's strength and had some misgivings about Luo Zheng's identity.
Uncle Lian's words were testing the waters. He wanted to probe Luo Zheng's background and family background. At the same time, he was threatening Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng not understand?

Chapter 1769
Luo Zheng's rhetorical question stunned Uncle Lian.
Uncle Lian stared at Luo Zheng and asked coldly, "Which family are you from?"
Luo Zheng smiled and replied, "Why should I tell you?"
Uncle Lian was a swift and decisive person. Luo Zheng had answered him with three "Why?"
He understood that threats were useless against this lad. This lad's background was not simple.
As a guard of the Hulan Clan, Uncle Lian was a decisive person. Since the Young Master had lost 5,000 Shenwu Coins, he would not continue to argue with him in front of so many people. After all, the elders of other clans were watching from the fifth and sixth floors of the Hanyue Tower.
Uncle Lian walked to the other side without looking back. The two servants of the Hulan Family had already helped Hulan Zhuo up.
Uncle Lian stretched out his hand and touched Hulan Zhuo's forehead gently. A blue ray of light shone from his glabella. Uncle Lian was relieved.
After being hit by Luo Zheng, many of Hulan Zhuo's bones were broken. However, injuries to the physical body were the easiest to heal. It would only take two or three days for him to fully recover. It would not affect Hulan Zhuo's participation in the examination of the Heavenly Prefecture. However, Uncle Lian was worried about his soul. Even Uncle Lian did not dare to underestimate the soul pressure that Luo Zheng had released in that instant.
Fortunately, Hulan Zhuo's soul was only pierced with a small hole and did not suffer any serious injuries. It seemed that the lad had shown mercy. However, Uncle Lian was still amazed. He could not imagine how a Proof of Divinity martial artist could cultivate his soul to such a level!
After collecting the Shenwu Coins on the ground, Luo Zheng cupped his hands at Uncle Lian and the others. Then, he walked out of the Hanyue Building as if there was no one around.
After Luo Zheng had left, whispers broke out in the Hanyue Building.
"Who on earth is that lad?!"
"He knows how to use the dishes in the Hanyue Building to refine food pills. He should be from Liuren Divine City, right?"
"That's not the point. The question is how can he be so powerful?! He defeated Hulan Zhuo with only one move? I think he must have shown mercy. Otherwise, it would have been hard for Huolan Zhuo to survive … "
What these people did not know was that Luo Zheng's current strength had far surpassed the Proof of Divinity martial artist realm.
Not to mention that Hu Lanzhuo was just an elite disciple of a second-tier family.
Even among the Proof of Divinity cultivators nurtured by the Floating Island's wealthy families, it would be difficult for anyone to match up to Luo Zheng …
It was only because Luo Zheng's inner world was special that he had yet to condense a godhead. Once his godhead was successfully condensed, Luo Zheng's strength would once again take a qualitative leap. At that time, ordinary lower level True Gods would be far from his match!
On the fifth floor, in a unique private room …
An old man stretched out his hands and waved them slowly. There was a stream of True Fire slowly rotating between his hands. The True Fire seemed to be wrapped around something and was constantly burning. There was a faint but unique fragrance coming from it.
"Dingdang!"
At this moment, a pale yellow pill fell from the true fire and slowly rolled on the golden plate, emitting a buzzing sound.
After the pill appeared, a strange and unique fragrance quickly lingered in the room.
Then, the old man gently pushed the plate to the other side of the table. "Miss, please enjoy."
On the other side of the table, a little girl dressed in green smiled sweetly at the old man. "It smells so good. Grandpa Hu, thank you for your hard work!"
After saying that, the little girl could not wait to put the pill into her cherry mouth. An intoxicated expression immediately appeared on her chubby face …
The food pill that the old man had refined was the same as the one that Luo Zheng had refined. It was also the Grand Vegetarian Food Pill.
There were very few people who knew the refining method of the Grand Vegetarian Food Pill. Most of them were old True Gods, and this' Grandpa Hu 'was one of them. After the little girl finished eating, Grandpa Hu said in a hoarse voice, "He is so young, yet he knows the refining method of the Grand Vegetarian Food Pill. His soul and strength are exceptionally strong. I don't know what kind of Divine Path he has cultivated, but he defeated Hu Lanzhuo with one move. This seems a little too strong …"
"He didn't defeat him." The little girl in green shook her head and said seriously, "He killed him with one move."
Luo Zheng indeed had the ability to kill Hu Lanzhuo with one move. However, he had shown mercy at the last moment. Anyone with a discerning eye could tell at a glance.
"Yes, he was able to kill him with one move. This person's background is definitely not simple. Miss, we need to investigate his background," Grandpa Hu said faintly.
The little girl in green smiled slightly. "It's necessary to investigate. I think this guy must be very interesting in the past!"
"Miss, you are not like that kind of person. Don't be love-struck." Grandpa Hu's beard curled up.
The little girl in green frowned and rebuked, "Grandpa Hu, what are you talking about? Who's love-struck?"
Grandpa Hu was not afraid. He only laughed and said, "Don't I know your character?"
The little girl in green just stared at him and did not speak anymore.
Other than this private room, some of the private rooms on the upper floor of the Hanyue Building were discussing Luo Zheng's identity and background.
However, Luo Zheng had transmigrated from Mirror City and did not report his background. No matter how much they discussed, it was difficult for them to investigate Luo Zheng's true identity. Thinking that Luo Zheng would eventually participate in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination, they believed that they would find out on that day.
…
…
After Luo Zheng left the Hanyue Building, he leisurely walked through the streets of Liuren Divine City.
Although he had spent a lot of money on this trip to the Hanyue Building, Luo Zheng did not expect to earn 5,000 Shenwu Coins in one go.
He could only blame that young master of the Hu Lanzhuo Clan for being too impulsive and allowing him to take advantage of him …
Unfortunately, this was a one-time deal. It would be difficult for him to encounter such a good deal in the future.
There were six to seven days left before the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination. During this time, Luo Zheng wanted to collect some materials in Liuren Divine City.
Old Man Extreme Evil had already imparted the disguise technique to Luo Zheng.
His disguise technique was very unique. It wasn't just a simple human skin mask or a strange face.
This disguise technique was actually a cultivation technique. Moreover, it was a body tempering technique. However, this body tempering technique was not used to temper one's strength or body. Instead, it was used to temper the muscles on one's face. Under this constant tempering, every muscle on Luo Zheng's face would move and achieve the goal of changing one's appearance.
This way, others would not feel that Luo Zheng was out of place when they saw him. Some people would even be able to recognize Luo Zheng based on their memories from a few days ago. They would only feel that Luo Zheng was a little unfamiliar.
However, when the muscles were tempered to a certain extent, Luo Zheng's face would constantly change. This way, even if Luo Zheng went to the Han Clan's floating island, the two Han Clan sisters and the Han Clan members who saw Luo Zheng in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement would not be able to recognize him.
Other than practicing the disguise technique, Luo Zheng also needed to expand the world in his body and revise his own martial techniques.
After cultivating to the World Lord realm in the universe, many of the martial arts techniques that one had cultivated in the past could no longer be used. But it was different in the Divine Domain. Because the characteristics of matter in the Divine Domain had changed, there was no way to fly in the air. When martial artists fought in close combat, the more basic martial arts techniques would be of great use.
However, Luo Zheng still had to be careful when using the Chaotic Energy. He did not even dare to use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao casually. The Emotion Severing Divine Dao was listed as a forbidden dao in the Divine Dominion. If he used it and violated the taboo, he would be in big trouble.
Luo Zheng would not use these trump cards at the current stage. However, he was still full of confidence.
Just like Old Man Extreme Evil had analyzed, the Hulan Clan was one of the three great clans under the Han Clan. Their strength and foundation were quite impressive. Hulan Zhuo, who had been nurtured by them, was one of the best.
However, Hulan Zhuo was unable to retaliate in front of Luo Zheng. In that case, the disciples of the other clans were even less of a threat.
Although there might be a few extremely strong competitors, there were at least ten spots in the Divine Dominion. No matter how weak Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to fall out of the top ten. Entering the Divine Dominion was something that he was determined to achieve.
Before the Divine Dominion's recruitment, many clans would order people to constantly gather information in Six Ren Divine City. They would have a clear understanding of their competitors. Therefore, every clan had a large list in their hands. The list contained detailed information about their potential competitors.
There was a group of people who specialized in collecting information and selling it to the various clans and sects. It was their business.
This included the martial artists' characteristics, strength, specialties … Even the Divine Dao and cultivation techniques that they cultivated were recorded in the list.
After this battle, Luo Zheng was also gloriously on the list. He was ranked fourth.
However, Luo Zheng's information was completely different from the others.
In Luo Zheng's information, his name was unknown, his age was unknown, and his place of birth was unknown.
The only thing that was noted was Luo Zheng's strength. The battle between him and Hulan Zhuo was briefly described. He defeated Hulan Zhuo in one move with the momentum of a thunderbolt!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1770
For the past few days, no matter where Luo Zheng went, there would always be people following him sneakily.
Although these people hid very well, they couldn't escape Luo Zheng's detection. In any case, Six Ren Divine City was absolutely safe, so Luo Zheng didn't bother to argue with them.
Luo Zheng still lacked some necessities, such as a spatial ring to store items.
Although Luo Zheng temporarily used the scabbard as a substitute, it wasn't very convenient. Now that Luo Zheng had earned five thousand Shenwu Coins, he could naturally go on a shopping spree.
Under Old Man Evil's guidance, Luo Zheng traversed more than half of Six Ren Divine City and stood in front of a small alley …
"Alley of Gold Coins? You're talking about this place? "
Standing in front of the alley, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
This small alley only allowed one person to pass through at a time. From the outside, it looked extremely simple and crude …
"Hehe, of course it's here. Six Ren Divine City's Alley of Gold Coins is very famous. As long as you have Shenwu Coins, you can buy any strange item there," Old Man Evil said with a smile.
"But why is everyone squeezed into this small alley?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
"Move aside!"
At that moment, a thunderous voice suddenly sounded behind Luo Zheng. The voice was very rough, like stones rubbing against each other.
Luo Zheng nimbly dodged to the side. When he turned around, he saw a group of six or seven people walking toward Alley of Gold Coins.
The one who spoke was a fatty in the lead. His body was as wide as his height, like a round ball.
"Middle True God!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After coming out of the Great Evolution Universe, Luo Zheng had seen many True Gods. However, most of them were lower True Gods. As for middle True Gods, there were only Old Man Evil, Big Mouth Monster, Yin Yuanzi, and a few others.
Luo Zheng had asked Old Man Evil why there were so few middle True Gods.
Naturally, Old Man Evil answered all of Luo Zheng's questions. He told Luo Zheng the reason behind it.
The Divine Dominion was an extremely stable world, completely different from the environment in the universe.
There were very few accidents in this world, and similarly, there were very few "geniuses" who could change the world. Most of the gods did not have any long-term ambitions. Even if they could become true gods, it would be very difficult for them to become a mainstream powerhouse, and it would be impossible for them to become a Paragon, let alone become a Saint.
In other words, the passageway for the bottom-level martial artists to go up was completely blocked.
"The martial artists in the Great Evolution Universe are like water. If the strong don't work hard, they will fall from a high place. Even if they don't fall, they will die along with the exhaustion of their lifespan, thus giving up their position. Heavenly Venerables are no exception. If the weak work hard, there will be a day when they can climb to a higher place!"
"But the True Gods of the Divine Realm are like mountains. They won't move, their lifespans are limitless, and the strong will always be strong. When the top seats are full, the martial artists below will lose the possibility of moving up. No matter how hard they try, it will be useless. Those Gods have lost all hope."
"This is the so-called stratification!"
This was what the Evil Old Man had told Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng sighed slightly. He did not expect the Evil Old Man to be so insightful and come to such a conclusion about the Divine Realm.
This also explained why there were so few middle-level True Gods.
It was also no wonder that Yin Yuanzi was willing to hide in Meng Village for seven Divine Eras, waiting for the Evil Old Man's return, for a rat.
Because the Stone Forest Rat contained a glimmer of hope, neither Yin Yuanzi nor the Evil Old Man had any intention of becoming a Saint. They did not even hope to become a Paragon. They only wanted to go one step further, break through the middle-level True God, and become an upper-level True God.
Just for this glimmer of hope, two True Gods were willing to risk their lives. It was obvious how difficult it was to make a breakthrough in the Divine Realm.
The rotund fatty glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng and squeezed his way to the entrance of the Alley of Gold Coins. His body was wider than the alley, but he squeezed his way in with all his might …
After squeezing his way in, the fatty disappeared into thin air.
After the few people behind the fatty stepped into the alley, they also disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
"So there's another world in the Alley of Gold Coins." Luo Zheng finally understood and stepped into the Alley of Gold Coins as well …
The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the narrow alley, a wave of water rippled in front of his eyes. It was as if space had been distorted, and the world in front of him suddenly opened up as if he had come to another world. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a wide street.
On both sides of the street were neatly arranged stalls.
Numerous True Gods moved slowly on the street. It looked like a market in the mortal world.
"So many True Gods?" Luo Zheng said in a daze.
In Six Ren Divine City, Luo Zheng did not encounter many True Gods. Most of them were martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods. It did not seem to fit the name "Divine City". He did not expect that there would be so many True Gods gathered in the Alley of Gold Coins …
As soon as he entered, a guard of the Divine City went straight to Luo Zheng and asked calmly, "Do you have something to sell?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm here to buy something."
The God City Guard expressed his understanding and moved to the side of the road.
"Why are the guards of Six Ren Divine City so enthusiastic?" Luo Zheng asked the Evil Old Man curiously.
Old Man Extreme Evil chuckled, "Of course. There are actually several entrances to the Alley of Gold. Most True Gods who return to Six Ren Divine City will place their gains here to sell. The shops outside the Divine City are for warriors and Gods below the True God level. If a True God wants to set up a stall in the Alley of Gold, they will have to pay a certain fee to Six Ren Divine City. This is actually a tax, so the guards are naturally enthusiastic."
"Even True Gods have to pay taxes …" Luo Zheng's eyes widened in disbelief. He recalled a book he had read in the Eastern Region. There was a sentence in the book that lamented that death and taxes were inescapable. These True Gods escaped death and obtained eternal life. However, they still could not escape the tax …
Luo Zheng sighed as he strolled along the straight streets of the Alley of Gold Coins.
Most of the people on the street were Lower True Gods. There were also a few Middle True Gods mixed in. There were not many martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods. Even if there were, they would be accompanied by True Gods. Clearly, they were the descendants of some big family clans.
As he walked down the street, the shops on both sides of the street were very rich in goods. There were many different kinds of goods. Luo Zheng did not know the names of many of them.
Most of the people setting up the stalls were True Gods. Some True Gods were very enthusiastic and greeted people when they saw them. Some True Gods were very quiet. They just casually placed the goods they were selling and sat at the side without saying a word.
"Celestial Spirit Root that was mined three Divine Epochs ago. Only 20 Shenwu Coins!"
Luo Zheng was suddenly attracted by a shout. Then, he saw a shiny piece of wood placed in front of a stall on the left. This piece of wood was crossed up and down like a slingshot. Its surface faintly flowed with a jade-green light. It was very eye-catching.
"Little Brother, are you interested?"
This stall owner was also a Lower True God. He did not seem to mind Luo Zheng's identity as a martial artist who had proven himself to be gods. He was still very enthusiastic about Luo Zheng.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Haven't you heard of the Celestial Spirit Root? It can increase one's talent. You can swallow it directly. It can also be refined into a Celestial Spirit Pill. After swallowing it, your mind will be clear and your comprehension ability will increase greatly, "the True God said with a smile.
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, the Evil Old Man said in his mind, "It's fake. A real Celestial Spirit Root can't be bought with 200 Shenwu Coins, let alone 20 Shenwu Coins."
Hence, Luo Zheng did not say anything and turned to leave.
"Little Brother! Little Brother, don't go … "the True God called out a few times. His face was full of helplessness. He could only sigh in his heart. It was getting harder and harder to fool young people these days …
As Luo Zheng continued walking, his eyes kept wandering. Suddenly, a bright light flashed and he quickly walked over.

Chapter 1771
Luo Zheng did not expect to see golden Sanskrit in the Alley of Gold Coins.
Moreover, it was a genuine Sanskrit. After all, the structure and meaning of this Sanskrit could not be faked …
This stall owner was also a lower True God. He was also an old man in plain clothes. His eyes were half-closed as he leaned against a chair. He was indifferent to everything around him.
"This Sanskrit can be sold directly?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"What's so strange about that? Sanskrit has long become a commodity in the divine territory. Isn't it normal to trade it? "Old Man Extreme Evil asked.
"But …"
In Luo Zheng's opinion, every golden Sanskrit contained rich meaning. If one could decipher it, they would often benefit greatly.
The old man's stall was filled with brocade boxes. There were about a hundred of them. Didn't that mean there were hundreds of Sanskrit here?
"Hey, look at this Sanskrit. It was the first Sanskrit discovered by Feather Sage. Many people have long understood the meaning within and it has been widely spread in the divine territory. What's so great about that?" Old Man Extreme Evil said indifferently. "The Sanskrit in the other brocade boxes must have only been seen by ordinary people. Naturally, it's nothing special."
Ever since the first golden Sanskrit was discovered, this Sanskrit had a profound impact on the divine territory. Back then, every True God and even every God's citizen had frantically searched for this Sanskrit in the divine territory. Every time a Sanskrit was discovered, they would frantically copy it.
Therefore, in the early days, a batch of Sanskrit was indeed widely spread.
There were about ninety Sanskrit in this batch. Based on these Sanskrit, many talented and intelligent people had interpreted and translated them.
Therefore, these Sanskrit were not rare. Since this old man dared to copy these Sanskrit and sell them here, he must be relying on his new interpretation and annotation of these Sanskrit …
"If it's a Sanskrit that has never been seen before and can be deciphered at the same time, then the value of this Sanskrit would be terrifying. This kind of Sanskrit would often alarm the rich and powerful families of the floating islands. Why would it be placed here for sale?" Old Man Extreme Evil added.
"What do you mean by extremely valuable?" Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved.
He suddenly recalled what the book immortal had said when Luo Zheng had deciphered the Sanskrit in the library back in the Immortal Abode. He had said that even though Luo Zheng hadn't realized the enormous value of the Sanskrit translations, he would naturally understand once he reached the divine territory …
"Hehe, the various Sages have their own methods of unearthing Sanskrit, but there aren't many Sanskrit that have been deciphered. Only about twenty percent of them have been deciphered," the Evil Old Man continued. "However, I've been imprisoned for seven Divine Eras, so I'm sure some of the Sanskrit have been deciphered. I don't know the specifics, but I've only heard rumors back then. Furthermore, those wealthy families have been secretive about deciphering the Sanskrit and have never made it public. There was once a divine citizen who deciphered three extremely rare Sanskrit, which caused six wealthy families to fight over it. The price they offered was so high that even some upper-level True Gods would tremble."
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded silently.
Back then, when Luo Nian had displayed such talent, he hadn't taken it seriously. Now, it seemed that talent was indeed extremely important.
When the old man saw that Luo Zheng had been standing in front of the stall for a long time without moving, he finally opened his eyes and glanced at Luo Zheng coolly. "Little fellow, do you want to buy two Sanskrit manuscripts to study? This old man's painstaking efforts and annotations are recorded in them. They're worth a look. Only ten Shenwu coins … "
"No, thank you." Luo Zheng cracked a smile and walked to the next stall. At this stage, these Sanskrit manuscripts weren't of much use to Luo Zheng. Besides, not every Sanskrit manuscript was valuable. For example, the Sanskrit manuscript of the 'Imperial Weapon Refining Method' had never been circulated in the divine territory. No matter how much money one spent, it would be difficult to buy it.
The old man glared at Luo Zheng, then closed his eyes again.
Looking down the stalls one by one, Luo Zheng did indeed see all kinds of strange things.
For example, the stall in front of him had godhoods for sale. Those sparkling godhoods were like sparkling and translucent gems, emitting a soft light. The blue godhoods contained an intense power of ice, the red godhoods had a strange flame pulsing in them, and the black godhoods had some kind of unique law emanating from them.
To the divine citizens, godhoods were an opportunity to attain the Divine Dao.
If some wealthy divine citizens had no hope of attaining the Divine Dao, they would choose to buy a godhood and place it in their inner world. However, this method of attaining the Divine Dao was feasible for a short period of time. They could also obtain eternal life through this method, but unless it was absolutely necessary, the majority of the divine citizens wouldn't choose this path.
This was because the godhoods of other True Gods were rejected by the inner world. They weren't godhoods born in the inner world, so they couldn't truly fuse with each other. Therefore, the godhood couldn't be upgraded and their cultivation couldn't be increased. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't choose this method, even though the godhoods weren't that expensive.
After wandering around, Luo Zheng finally found the sumeru ring he needed at a small stall. The stall owner saw Luo Zheng's identity and quoted him ten Shenwu coins. The Evil Old Man told Luo Zheng that the price was too high. After some haggling, he only spent five Shenwu coins. It wasn't expensive to use it as a temporary storage space.
After taking the sumeru ring, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his dantian tremble slightly. A strange thought rose in Luo Zheng's mind.
There seemed to be a slight change in the inner world in his dantian, as if it was reminding Luo Zheng that it was hungry …
The inner world had its own consciousness. Luo Zheng had confirmed this when he was in the Great Yan Universe. The consciousness of the inner world in the Great Yan Universe wasn't the consciousness of his father, Luo Xiao. Instead, it was a wisp of spirituality born after the birth and death of millions of creatures.
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Sea Realm, he didn't feel that the inner world had its own consciousness. This was the first time he felt it.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He couldn't understand why there was such a consciousness in his dantian.
However, that consciousness reminded Luo Zheng to turn his head. Then, his eyes were firmly glued to another stall. The stall owner was a young girl who looked about 16 or 17 years old. She was wearing an orange dress and had a pleasant appearance. However, one couldn't judge age by appearance in the Divine Domain. Luo Zheng didn't deliberately check her bone age.
What he cared about was the items on the stall.
There were a bunch of strange objects on the stall. Luo Zheng couldn't name them, nor did he recognize them.
However, what attracted Luo Zheng's attention was a brown object on the edge of the stall. That object was like a piece of mud, unremarkable and covered in dust. It had been on display for a long time, but no one cared about it.
The little girl smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. "What do you want to buy?"
"What do you like?" The Evil Old Man asked. He looked at the mess of things on the stall, but there was nothing valuable. At least, nothing that Luo Zheng liked. Moreover, he felt Luo Zheng's soul tremble slightly, as if it was attracted by something important.
Luo Zheng didn't answer. He still stared blankly at the brown "piece of mud" …
At the same time, the consciousness transmitted from his dantian tried to resist Luo Zheng's own consciousness. His feet involuntarily moved toward the "piece of mud". The consciousness in his inner world actually took control of Luo Zheng's physical body and controlled Luo Zheng's actions!

Chapter 1772
Although Luo Zheng had suppressed the consciousness of the Inner World, the waves of consciousness continued to surge.
However, the surging consciousness kept reminding Luo Zheng that this item was extremely important.
As the creator of this world, Luo Zheng's consciousness belonged to him and could not go against him …
However, when Luo Zheng communicated with the Evil Old Man, the latter had told him that the consciousness of the Inner World was not absolutely safe. If careless, this consciousness could really take away a warrior's physical body!
There were some True Gods who neglected to trim their Inner Worlds. Ambitious "secondary living beings" were born in that Inner World. Through controlling the Godhead, they destroyed the True God's soul.
However, only the secondary living beings in the Saints' Inner Worlds could comprehend the Divine Dao and escape from the Inner World. Although those secondary living beings could take away the physical body of the "God of Creation" through the Godhead, they were still confined to the Inner World and could not set foot in the Divine Realm. Therefore, these True Gods' shells became walking corpses.
Previously, when Luo Zheng's dantian was sealed, people like the Evil Deities were born. If Luo Zheng did not interfere, Evil Deities could have done this. However, after Luo Zheng's suppression, Evil Deities had quietened down …
Now that the Inner World was so interested in that "piece of mud", Luo Zheng naturally would not ignore it.
"Let me take a look," Luo Zheng replied to the little girl. At the same time, he asked in his mind, "Do you recognize that piece of mud?"
"Mud?" Old Man Evil stared blankly for a moment before noticing the brown mud. He paused for a moment before muttering, "This mud looks like Brown Cloud Mud, but it also looks like Dust Mud … No, no, this …"
The Evil Old Man was considered an extremely knowledgeable person in Luo Zheng's mind. He had a deep understanding of the objects in the Divine Realm. After dawdling for a while, he finally gave an answer that made Luo Zheng faint. "This is just an ordinary piece of mud!"
Luo Zheng curled his lips. There must be a reason why this piece of mud could cause the consciousness of his Inner World to become so agitated. He wouldn't believe that this was ordinary mud even if he was beaten to death. Now, he could only ask the stall owner.
As a result, Luo Zheng casually flipped left and right in this small stall. Unintentionally, his gaze focused on that piece of mud. He opened his mouth and asked, "May I ask why this piece of mud is being sold here?"
The little girl blinked her eyes and covered her mouth as she smiled. "This piece of mud is a treasure!"
"Treasure?" Luo Zheng was puzzled. Since it was a treasure, why did he throw it aside so casually? Luo Zheng naturally didn't believe him.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't believe her, the little girl continued to say in a crisp voice, "It's true. Twenty years ago, when this piece of mud was dug out, there was a towering tree growing on it. That tree was more than a thousand feet tall and almost pierced through the sky!" The little girl said while gesturing with her hands.
Of course, it was impossible for the tree to pierce through the sky. The sky in the Divine Realm was unimaginably high. Besides, a tree that was more than a thousand feet tall was not very tall. In Takeshi Xuan Forest, there were plenty of trees that were thousands of feet tall.
Seeing Luo Zheng's indifferent expression, the little girl pursed her lips and said, "That hillside was planted with a Golden Apricot Tree. Ordinary Golden Apricot Trees can only grow up to twenty to thirty feet tall. But the Golden Apricot Tree on this hillside is very tall. Someone said that there must be some kind of spiritual object at the bottom of the hillside, so our Tie family sent people to dig it out. Unexpectedly, after digging for half a day, this piece of mud jumped out from it … At that time, this piece of mud even turned into a human form and wanted to escape. Its speed was very fast.
Tie family was a small family located in Liuren Domain. It was certainly much stronger than Meng village, but it was still not enough to reach the threshold of a third-class family.
"Human form, escape? Then this piece of mud did indeed have a spiritual consciousness. "Luo Zheng nodded.
"Yes, Second Uncle was very happy at that time." The little girl smiled and said, "But after Second Uncle bound this piece of mud, it seemed to have lost its spiritual consciousness and became like this …"
It turned out that after the Tie family obtained this piece of mud, they also concluded that it was an extraordinary treasure.
There were many things in the Divine Realm that had spiritual consciousness. In the endless years, there were always some strange things that were born. Time could give spiritual consciousness to many things, but it was extremely rare for a piece of mud to have spiritual consciousness.
After the Tie family obtained this piece of mud, they secretly studied it for a long time. However, they could not find anything special about this piece of mud. Just like what the Evil Old Man said, this was just a piece of ordinary mud.
Naturally, the people of the Tie family were unhappy. After studying it for more than ten years, they finally gave up. Although they firmly believed that this thing was not balanced, when they brought it to Liuren Divine City and asked some True Gods with good eyesight to study it, the first thing those True Gods said when they saw this piece of mud was ridicule. "Is your Tie family so poor that they went crazy? Using mud dug out from the ground to fool us?"
In a fit of anger, the person in charge of the Tie family simply threw this piece of mud into Gold Coin Alley.
The Tie family rented a stall in Gold Coin Alley all year round. Now, it was run by the daughter of the Tie family's patriarch, this little girl called Tie Lin. In the past two years, many True Gods had noticed this piece of mud. After all, it was very unusual to find a piece of ordinary mud for sale in Gold Coin Alley.
Every time someone asked about it, Tie Lin would tell them the story. Just based on this story alone, there really were some people who were interested in this piece of mud. After all, there were always some people who were willing to spend some money to buy a chance. What if this piece of mud really was a treasure?
However, after hearing the price this little girl Tie Lin offered, those interested True Gods were so angry that they blew their beards and glared at her. They cursed this little girl for being crazy. It turned out that Tie Lin wanted five hundred Shenwu coins!
Not to mention that these True Gods were just interested, even if this piece of mud was a necessity, the majority of True Gods would not be able to afford it. In their hearts, it was only worth one or two Shenwu coins …
Actually, even the people of the Tie family did not take this piece of mud seriously. They just threw it here for Tie Lin to see what she could do with it. As long as she could sell it, they did not care about the price. How much could an ordinary piece of mud be worth?
This stall in Gold Coin Alley was very important to the Tie family. The reason Tie Lin could take on such a heavy responsibility at such a young age was because this little girl was very clever and very good at business. She just had to sell this piece of mud for a high price. Thus, this piece of mud had been thrown here for several years and no one was interested in it.
Today, when Luo Zheng asked about it, Tie Lin once again vividly described the story. At the same time, she looked at Luo Zheng with a smile and asked, "Do you want to buy this piece of mud?"
Don't be fooled by this little girl's delicate appearance, her eyes were surprisingly vicious. When she first saw Luo Zheng loitering around, she was rather unnatural. When her gaze fell on this piece of mud, she seemed to see something special about it. After that, she saw Luo Zheng looking left and right in front of her stall. Tie Lin secretly laughed in her heart. This guy was clearly very interested in this piece of mud, but he just had to pretend like this!
She had a faint premonition that she could use this piece of mud to rip off Luo Zheng. Unfortunately, this person was only a Proof of Divinity expert. Although his attire was decent, it was somewhat shabby. She wondered if he could take out that many Shenwu coins!
"How much do you want to sell this piece of mud for?" Luo Zheng asked casually. Of course, he did not know that his every move had been seen through by this little girl.
The little girl smiled and stretched out five fingers.
"Five Shenwu coins?" Luo Zheng relaxed. Whether or not this piece of mud was useful, Luo Zheng was bound to buy it. If this little girl really asked for an exorbitant price, it would be bad.
The little girl shook her head.
"Fifty?" Luo Zheng asked again. His heart was in his throat. Fifty Shenwu coins was not a small amount. If she was not born into a big family, she would not be able to take out so much money.
Who knew that the little girl would still shake her head. At the same time, she smiled sweetly, revealing her silver teeth. "Five hundred Shenwu coins!"
"Which family is this little girl from? Is she crazy?"
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, the Evil Old Man in his mind cursed first …
In the Evil Old Man's eyes, this piece of mud was worthless. However, Luo Zheng had some secrets that the Evil Old Man did not know. Perhaps he could see the value of this piece of mud, but he did not expect that this little girl would dare to ask for five hundred Shenwu coins. This was too outrageous.
Hearing this price, Luo Zheng's brows knitted together. He read a trace of craftiness on the little girl's fair face.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1773
Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on.
It seemed like he wasn't good at being pretentious. Instead, this little girl saw through him.
"Actually, this price isn't targeted at you alone." Tie Lin spoke again, "In the past few years, I've treated everyone who asked for the price of this mud equally and offered 500 shenwu coins. However … I feel that it's more appropriate to offer you 1000 shenwu coins!"
Tie Lin was speaking the truth. She knew that this mud was definitely not an ordinary item. However, she couldn't find anything special about it and no one in Six Ren Divine City could recognize it either.
Now that Luo Zheng finally came and seemed to see the uniqueness of this mud, how could she let it go?
Tie Lin was speaking the truth. Even if she offered 1000 shenwu coins, Luo Zheng would have no choice but to buy it.
He naturally knew what was going on in his inner world. To be able to cause such a reaction from the consciousness of his inner world, this thing must be very useful to him. However, he didn't know what it was.
However, he was rather unwilling to spend 500 shenwu coins. He shook his head and said, "It's too expensive. I'm just a testimonial martial artist. How can I have such a large sum of money?"
Five hundred Shenwu coins was a sum that even some of the poorer middle True Gods would not be able to take out. Most of the Proof of Divinity martial artists were extremely poor. They would run around for a long time just for a single Shenwu coin, so how could they possibly take out such a large sum?
Tie Lin's eyes revealed a look of regret. She naturally thought of this. How could testimonial martial artists have so much money? However, testimonial martial artists who dared to walk into Gold Money Alley more or less had some wealth. She gave this price to test Luo Zheng's bottom line.
"Then how much do you want?" Tie Lin asked.
"I only have 30 shenwu coins …" Luo Zheng replied.
"Only 30?" Tie Lin stared at Luo Zheng and smiled, "That's too little. I'm not selling at this price."
"Sigh, then there's no other way." Luo Zheng made a regretful expression and then turned around to leave.
Tie Lin maintained that smile from beginning to end. She didn't say a word as she stared at Luo Zheng's gradually disappearing figure. She was still silently counting in her heart. One step, two steps, three steps … ten steps, eleven steps …
After Luo Zheng had walked some distance away, he suddenly turned around and shouted, "Double it, 60 shenwu coins!"
However, Tie Lin still shook her head calmly.
If the elders of the Tie Clan saw this scene, they would probably scold Tie Lin to death.
It would already be a miracle if that piece of mud could be sold for 10 Shenwu Coins. Now that someone was offering 60 Shenwu Coins, Tie Lin wasn't willing to sell …
"Luo Zheng, why must you buy this piece of mud?" The Evil Old Man was very confused.
Although he was temporarily residing in Luo Zheng's mind, he didn't know much about Luo Zheng. Previously, the Evil Old Man had been puzzled. With Luo Zheng's talent and foundation, it wouldn't be difficult for him to attain godhood. Why hadn't he condensed a godhood yet?
He wanted to enter Luo Zheng's inner world to see if he could help, but Luo Zheng refused. Luo Zheng didn't even allow the Evil Old Man to spy on him.
The Evil Old Man knew that Luo Zheng still didn't trust him. After all, he didn't have a close relationship with Luo Zheng. But what kind of shocking secret did Luo Zheng have that he had to hide it so well?
"One hundred, I'll take it." Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and offered another price.
Tie Lin was tempted as well. If she could really sell this piece of mud for over a hundred Shenwu Coins, she would definitely be rewarded by the clan. Therefore, she started to hesitate in her heart. However, she didn't show it on her face. If Luo Zheng turned back, she would just chase after him again …
Right at this moment, two people rushed over from afar. They were Tie Lin's second uncle and third uncle. Both of them were lower True Gods.
As a small clan, the Tie Family sold everything they had through this small stall in Liuren Divine City. This Alley of Gold Coins was actually a large market in Liuren Divine City. It relied on Tie Lin's management to maintain the entire Tie Family's operations.
"I can't sell it for 100 Shenwu Coins … Second Uncle, Third Uncle, you're here?" Tie Lin greeted her two uncles while observing Luo Zheng's expression.
"What can be sold for such a price?" Tie Lin's second uncle was startled. In his impression, the Tie Family hadn't obtained any valuable treasures during this time, so he was shocked when he heard this.
"It's that piece of mud you dug up, Second Uncle." Tie Lin smiled.
"You're still not selling it for 100 Shenwu Coins?!" Second Uncle's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
Third Uncle was also startled. He didn't pay too much attention to Luo Zheng because he was only a Proof of Divinity cultivator. However, since this person was willing to pay such a high price, he naturally had to carefully size him up. His eyes flashed as if he was thinking of someone.
"Come, come, come. Friend, sigh, young man, I was the one who dug up this mud back then. I'll sell it for 100 Shenwu Coins …" Second Uncle impatiently picked up the piece of mud.
However, just as he was about to hand it over, Tie Lin angrily said, "Second Uncle!"
At the same time, Third Uncle stretched out his hand to stop Second Uncle and pulled them to the side. Third Uncle said something while Tie Lin and Second Uncle glanced at Luo Zheng from time to time.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face was filled with a bitter smile. He had already expected that person to recognize him.
The matter of Luo Zheng being in Hanyue Building had already spread throughout Six Ren Divine City.
However, Luo Zheng didn't leave his name. Although the various gods in Six Ren Divine City knew of his existence, there weren't many who could truly recognize him. However, this little girl's uncle seemed to have recognized him!
As expected …
When the little girl came back, she said to Luo Zheng with a smile, "This thing is 500 Shenwu Coins. Not one less."
Now that Tie Lin knew that Luo Zheng was the person who defeated Hulan Zhuo in one move in Hanyue Building and won 5,000 Shenwu Coins from the Hulan Family, her tone was naturally firm! Tie Lin was a rather principled person. Otherwise, she wouldn't have asked for 500 Shenwu Coins. She would have asked for at least 2,000 Shenwu Coins.
Luo Zheng took a deep look at this little girl. He knew that it was useless to talk nonsense. If he had known earlier, he would have been more decisive.
Before he could transfer the Shenwu Coins he obtained from Hulan Zhuo into his Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng could only shake the scabbard slightly. The Shenwu Coins within fell out one by one …
500 Shenwu Coins wasn't a small transaction even in Gold Money Alley. Instantly, it attracted the attention of the passersby on both sides.
Some of the True Gods were surprised to see that Luo Zheng, who was merely a Proof of God expert, could take out such a large sum of money. Naturally, some of them recognized Luo Zheng's identity.
"Isn't this the brat from Hanyue Building?"
"He won 5,000 Shenwu Coins in one move. That's a huge windfall!"
"This brat's luck is not bad. Haha …"
"Luck? If you didn't rely on your True God cultivation, could you have defeated the young master of the Hulan Family? "
Amidst the discussions, Luo Zheng took the piece of mud from Tie Lin's hand. The moment he took it, the consciousness of the Inner World surged out continuously. It was like a hungry wolf that saw a sheep. It couldn't wait any longer.
"It can't be. So much Shenwu Coins to buy a piece of mud?"
"The Tie Family has treated that piece of mud as a treasure for a few years now. That young lady from the Tie Family knows how to do business, but that piece of mud was priced at 500 Shenwu Coins!"
"500 Shenwu Coins? If I can sell it, I'll eat that piece of mud! "
"She has already sold it …"
Everyone was dumbfounded. They couldn't believe that someone would buy that thing at such a high price. Moreover, it was that brat who had recently become famous and defeated Hulan Zhuo.
After counting the Shenwu Coins, Luo Zheng stuffed the piece of mud into his Sumeru Ring. He then slipped into the crowd and left quietly.
Although he had been ripped off by that young lady, Luo Zheng still felt that it was worth it. He believed that this seemingly ordinary item hid a great secret …
Along the way, the Evil Old Man didn't ask anything. Since Luo Zheng wasn't willing to tell him, this item must be related to his secret. The Evil Old Man also knew that he was relying on Luo Zheng now. He wouldn't ask about things that he shouldn't know.
After returning to his temporary residence in Six Ren Divine City, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged. He placed the piece of mud in front of him and carefully observed it.

Chapter 1774
On the surface, this piece of mud looked like an ordinary object that could be found everywhere outside Liuren Divine City.
Luo Zheng immersed his divine sense into it but did not find anything out of the ordinary.
If this was really an ordinary piece of mud, it would be fine even if he placed it in his inner world.
Thinking up to this point, Luo Zheng said to Old Man Extreme Evil in his mind, "I'm going to meditate."
The Extreme Evil Old Man rolled his eyes and shrunk his soul into a ball. His body flickered with purple light and the light condensed to form the word "seal". He had sealed his own soul.
Old Man Extreme Evil's seal could only be undone from the outside. He would only release it after Luo Zheng finished meditating.
Luo Zheng had previously told Old Man Extreme Evil that he would not allow anyone to spy on him while he meditated.
Back in Meng Village, Luo Zheng had neglected this point because he was in a hurry to suppress the Evil Deities. However, Old Man Extreme Evil's soul was on the verge of collapse at that time, so he did not attempt to spy on Luo Zheng's inner world. Although it was not a big deal if Old Man Extreme Evil knew some of his secrets, it was better to be cautious.
Luo Zheng held the piece of mud with both hands and placed it flat on his dantian. As his dantian revolved, a faint light escaped from his lower abdomen and formed a temporary passage between his inner world and his Divine Domain.
The consciousness of the inner world was still restless, constantly urging Luo Zheng.
Looking at the brown piece of mud, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment. However, that hesitation disappeared in an instant. He separated his hands, and the piece of "mud" disappeared from Luo Zheng's hands.
Inner world …
Dust particles rapidly condensed in the air and condensed into Luo Zheng's inner incarnation in a ten-thousandth of a breath's time. He then looked up and saw a black dot falling from the sky.
Luo Zheng personally entered his inner world as a precaution.
As he flew, he quickly approached the lump of mud and maintained the same speed as the lump of mud. He paid close attention to the movement of the lump of mud.
However, this piece of mud continued to tumble and fall, but there was still nothing strange about it …
As it fell faster and faster, this piece of mud began to disintegrate in the air, turning into small pieces.
"Plop, plop …"
Not long after, the mud finally fell into the sea of chaos.
The color of the mud was exactly the same as the brown color of the Sea of Chaos. It disappeared after falling into it, but Luo Zheng could still feel the existence of this thing.
Standing on the surface of the Sea of Chaos, Luo Zheng remained motionless, quietly observing the changes within.
Swish!
Someone was flying over from the horizon. It was none other than the Evil Deities.
After the Evil Deities had disbanded his Sacred Land, he had become a hermit. He had erased almost all traces of his existence in this world. Generations of living beings had multiplied, and after the decline, the number of people who knew about the existence of the "Evil Deities" was very small.
"Master!"
Evil Deities bowed respectfully to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "You may rise."
"What is the purpose of your visit, Master?" Evil Deities asked respectfully.
When the Evil Deities complied with Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng also imparted some very valuable experience to him.
Many years ago, the Evil Deities had occupied all the continents in this world, except for the huge World Tree and the Ice Tree at the other end of the world. The World Tree aside, even the Evil Deities could not set foot in the "Desolate Ice Field" where the Ice Tree was located. The Ice Flame it contained could freeze all things.
Later, after Luo Zheng taught him the cultivation method of the "Ice Soul Devil Flame", he had always stayed in the Desolate Ice Field to cultivate. Although he had not fully comprehended the "Ice Soul Devil Flame", the mysterious power of law within it had broadened his horizons!
"I found something that might … be of great benefit to this world," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the turbulent brown sea.
Luo Zheng could not be sure of the effect of this piece of mud, but from the information transmitted from the consciousness of the inner world, his judgment should not be wrong.
"Great benefit?" Evil Deities' eyes lit up slightly.
Before the Evil Deities fought with Luo Zheng, he understood that this world had restrictions on him. After he cultivated to the Extreme Divine Realm, he seemed to have hit the ceiling of his cultivation. It was not his bottleneck, but this world's bottleneck. This world did not allow him to become stronger.
But according to the Evil Deities' own speculations, there should be two more realms above the Extreme Divine Realm.
After Luo Zheng spared his life, his doubts were finally resolved. After the Extreme Divine Realm, there was indeed the Divine Transformation Realm and the Realm Lord Realm. Moreover, the Realm Lord Realm was not the end of one's cultivation!
Only when Luo Zheng's own cultivation became stronger and his inner world became larger would Evil Deities have the qualifications to advance. So when he heard Luo Zheng's words, Evil Deities was naturally happy.
"Gudong …"
At this moment, a bubble emerged from the sea.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and Evil Deities stared fixedly at those bubbles …
"Gudong, gudong, gudong, gudong …"
One after another, huge bubbles emerged from the depths of the Primal Chaos Sea, creating a huge commotion.
"Hualala …"
A huge fish was frightened and rushed out of the sea. It somersaulted in the air and swam towards the depths of the Primal Chaos Sea.
Tens of thousands of small fish also fled in all directions. Their biological instincts told them that a great disaster was about to befall them.
Luo Zheng could already feel that when this piece of mud sank into the Divine Sea, it dissolved into fine sand and fused into the Primal Chaos Sea. These bubbles were also the result of the Primal Chaos Sea fusing with the piece of mud.
"Gudong, gudong …"
As the number of bubbles increased, the sound became louder and louder.
With Luo Zheng as the center, the sea within a radius of 100,000 feet was filled with these huge bubbles. It was as if the entire sea was boiling!
"What is this?"
Evil Deities was confused. He had always been conceited. Even though he was subservient to Luo Zheng, he still believed that he was smarter than Luo Zheng. It was just that his knowledge and experience limited his talent.
Luo Zheng also shook his head. "I'm not sure either. It's just that this world is telling me that it needs it …"
"This world … it's speaking?" As a native of Luo Zheng's inner world, Evil Deities also vaguely knew that this world seemed to have given birth to its own consciousness. It was just that he wasn't completely sure.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He didn't answer Evil Deities' question. He continued to pay attention to the changes in front of him. He had already discovered some subtle changes.
After those bubbles appeared, extremely fine droplets of water accompanied them in the air and slowly rose up. These droplets of water were extremely fine. It was impossible for the naked eye to miss them. However, Luo Zheng could sense them with his "omniscient" ability.
Tiny droplets of water were released by the bubbles. They constantly rose up and gathered together. A misty scene began to appear in the sky.
"What is that?"
Evil Deities asked in surprise when he saw the misty sky.
Luo Zheng smiled. "You can call them 'clouds'."
The inner world constructed by Luo Zheng was actually not complete. In other words, the essence of his inner world was still somewhat different from that of the Domain of the Gods. The biggest difference was that everything in the Domain of the Gods was transformed from the Aura of Primal Chaos.
For example, a tree in the Domain of the Gods was indeed a creature of the same level because it was transformed from the Aura of Primal Chaos. However, after it dissipated, it would not return to the Aura of Primal Chaos.
Moreover, the Aura of Primal Chaos contained an irresistible poison to the creatures in the Domain of the Gods. Only the Saints and those sacred trees could resist the corrosion of the Aura of Primal Chaos …
However, the creatures in Luo Zheng's inner world were directly born from the Sea of Primal Chaos. This Sea of Primal Chaos was nothing more than the product of Luo Zheng's "liquefaction of Primal Chaos". However, these creatures often came into contact with the Sea of Primal Chaos without being corroded.
Therefore, the Sea of Primal Chaos did not transform into "seawater" in the ordinary sense. The liquefied Aura of Primal Chaos would not evaporate. Naturally, there were no clouds in this world. Evil Deities naturally did not know what clouds were.
"So those are clouds …" Evil Deities murmured as he stared at the gradually thickening clouds in the sky.

Chapter 1775
Condensing a Godhead on one's own was a very complicated process.
Moreover, each martial artist's comprehension was different, and the situation was completely different.
Luo Zheng's talent was not inferior to Hua Tianming's, but Hua Tianming's ability to condense a Godhead in advance was still related to the composition of his Inner World.
Hua Tianming's Inner World was completely condensed from Vital Essence. After the Sea of Vital Essence was formed, it turned into ordinary seawater. Every day, the seawater would evaporate into clouds and form clouds in the sky, forming a complete cycle.
In fact, this cycle was a process of "purification."
The ten Daoists all received the Godhead Plate given by Jiang Yu 'er, and this Godhead Plate was fixed in their Inner Worlds to this day.
The constantly purified Vital Essence turned into pure white clouds. These clouds contained the comprehension of the Divine Dao. They were constantly filtered by the Godhead Plate, and a Godhead was slowly condensed in the Godhead Plate …
However, Luo Zheng's Inner World did not have this process.
Without this process, Luo Zheng found it very difficult to condense a Godhead. He tried to activate the energy of the Chaotic Qi, combined it with his comprehension of the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, and poured it into the Godhead Plate. However, after countless experiments, there was not much of an effect.
When his father followed him into his Inner World, he also discovered this problem. However, Luo Xiao did not provide a perfect solution. After all, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique was not complete. Even if Gu Bei was present, he would not be able to do anything.
At that time, Luo Xiao suggested that Luo Zheng use the Chaotic Qi to transform into pure clouds. Luo Zheng also tried it, but it ended in failure …
Therefore, during the period of time before he left the Great Yan Universe, Luo Zheng himself was also very perplexed. He was unable to figure out a method to prove the Divine Dao, and the path taken by others was also not suitable for Luo Zheng.
However, after cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique to this level, Luo Zheng also understood that there was no turning back. Regardless of whether this path could be taken or not, it was impossible for him to turn back and cultivate his Quintessential Essence.
After exploring until now, Luo Zheng faintly had a kind of judgment. Under his cultivation, he seemed to be missing an extremely important link.
Even if Gu Bei was a "Saint", he was still a creature of the same level, and a member of the Divine Realm. Although the "Primal Chaos Secret Technique" was a cultivation method written in a whimsical manner, Gu Bei could not escape the limitations of being a creature of the same level.
For example, the Evil Deities in Luo Zheng's Inner World. Some of the things he did and some of the things he predicted, even Luo Zheng was quite amazed. If this person was born in the Divine realm, he would probably be an extremely powerful person. However, because this person was born in his Inner's Inner world in his Inner Inner world,'s's was's's knowledge............
Therefore, the incompleteness of the Primal Chaos Secret Technique was not Gu Bei's problem. Because he was a creature of the Same Level, his understanding of the Primal Chaos Secret Technique was not complete. Therefore, imparting the Primal Chaos Secret Technique to Luo Zheng was originally a risk.
After the grayish-brown clouds formed little by little, they were reflected in Luo Zheng's pupils and condensed into his hope. Because he saw that these clouds gave birth to traces of spirituality and floated towards the east. That was the location of the God Lattice Disk!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, and golden light appeared. His understanding of the Severing Emotions Divine Path was constantly revolving in his heart.
At the same time, in that mass of brown clouds, faint sword shadows were faintly flowing. These sword shadows rapidly moved, emitting a sharp aura and even the sound of metal clashing.
"Sword Cloud Condensation!"
Now, Luo Zheng condensed all his understanding of the Severing Emotions Divine Path into this mass of brown clouds. This mass of brown clouds turned into a mass of sword clouds!
"This aura!"
Evil Deities looked at the "clouds" in the sky, and their eyes were full of shock.
Although Evil Deities had lost to Luo Zheng before, the power that Luo Zheng used was the power to control this Inner World. Evil Deities could not resist this power, nor could they block it. This was the privilege of the creator.
However, Evil Deities had never seen Luo Zheng's true strength on the path of martial arts.
Now that Evil Deities saw Luo Zheng's understanding of the Severing Emotions Divine Path, they were greatly moved.
The mass of sword clouds floated rapidly in the sky, and finally reached the side of the God Lattice Disk. The mass of sword clouds kept converging towards the God Lattice Disk …
This process lasted for a long time. Finally, the mass of sword clouds became dimmer and dimmer. It was completely absorbed by the God Lattice Disk!
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he arrived above the God Lattice Disk. Looking at it, he saw a hair-like object in the center of the God Lattice Disk. It was also shining with brown light, but it looked like some kind of crystal.
After observing it for a while, Luo Zheng reached out to touch the thin crystal.
The moment Luo Zheng touched the crystal, it suddenly released an extremely sharp energy.
"Pu!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng's arm was cut off!
Luo Zheng instinctively flashed away, and he managed to avoid this energy. He gently waved his severed arm, and a brand new arm was formed. Although he was injured by the hair-like crystal, Luo Zheng still smiled.
This hair-like crystal should be the necessary material to form the Godhead. Or it could be said that it was an extremely small Godhead, and it was formed from all of Luo Zheng's understanding of the Severing Emotions Divine Path.
As for the formation of this hair-thin crystal, it was all thanks to that piece of mud!
Although it was still very far from the complete Godhead, Luo Zheng had finally found the right direction, and this was the most important thing!
After a while, Evil Deities caught up with him. He looked at Luo Zheng with a different gaze. Even though he was completely suppressed by Luo Zheng, this extremely arrogant person's unyielding spirit did not dissipate. He thought that he lost to Luo Zheng only because of his own limitations, and not because Luo Zheng was stronger than him.
Now, Evil Deities understood that Luo Zheng's true understanding of martial arts was as vast as the sea, and it was almost unfathomable. He was completely convinced.
"Master, can we comprehend the sword essence in the sword cloud?" Evil Deities asked.
Luo Zheng glanced at Evil Deities indifferently, and said, "Now is not the time."
He had only stepped into the threshold of the Severing Emotions Divine Path, and had not seen the Dao tablet of the Severing Emotions Divine Path. His understanding was limited, and it was impossible for him to create a Dao tablet and leave it in his Inner World, right?
Evil Deities showed a trace of disappointment when he comprehended the Dao tablet. He no longer had any thoughts of confronting Luo Zheng. Instead, he was immersed in martial arts. In his eyes, all martial arts were like difficult problems, waiting for him to solve them.
However, there were simply too few difficult problems in this world. Right now, the only thing that he had yet to fully comprehend was probably the "Ice Soul Devil Flame" in the Savage Icy Plains. However, he also understood that it wouldn't be long before he would be able to completely comprehend the Ice Soul Devil Flame …
The Severing Emotions Divine Path in the sword cloud was like a peerless beauty that attracted him, but he was not qualified to cultivate it. Naturally, he was a bit depressed.
"If there is a chance one day, I will let you leave this world and see the real Dao tablet. You will comprehend it yourself," Luo Zheng added. As a creature in his Inner World, Evil Deities was completely under Luo Zheng's control. It would be a waste if Luo Zheng did not guide such a talented person.
However, the reason why Luo Zheng made such a promise was because of the crystal that had condensed on the Godspark Plate. It made him unusually happy.
Evil Deities was overjoyed when he heard Luo Zheng's words.
Leave this world and see the Dao tablet!
Evil Deities did not understand what a Dao tablet was, and he did not need to ask too much. What was important was that he had a chance to leave this world that was like a cage for him!
"Lord, I will help you take care of this world," Evil Deities said seriously.
Luo Zheng nodded faintly. Evil Deities was indeed very clever. He was now acting like the gardener of this world, helping Luo Zheng carefully repair the Inner World so that many forces would no longer fight. The number of creatures in this world would also steadily increase.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's Inner Incarnation dissipated again …
Then Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. A smile hung on the corner of his mouth, but that smile did not last for long.
Now it seemed that the magical mud was indeed helpful for him to condense the Godspark. The problem was that he was lucky enough to get one in Gold Money Alley. If he really wanted to condense the Godspark, he was afraid that he would need a considerable amount of "mud". But where could he find it?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1776
Since the Tie Family girl's second uncle could dig out a piece of this mud, there was a high chance that there would be a second, a third …
That girl's personality gave Luo Zheng a headache. She was a money-grubbing girl. If he went directly to her, he would probably be ripped off again.
However, condensing a Godhead was the most important thing for Luo Zheng at the moment. If he could really find this mud, Luo Zheng would accept any price.
At this thought, Luo Zheng could no longer remain calm. After unsealing the Extreme Evil Old Man, he asked, "Do you know where that girl came from?"
The Extreme Evil Old Man asked in astonishment, "That piece of mud is really useful to you?" Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Extreme Evil Old Man naturally understood that Luo Zheng had bought the right thing. However, what use could a mere piece of mud have?
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, it's very important to me!"
"That girl said she was from the Tie Family. She should be from the Tie Family outside Liuren Divine City …" The Extreme Evil Old Man recalled.
As the Han Family's ancestral land, the Liuren Domain was much larger than an ordinary domain. However, the Tie Family wasn't a big family name. The Extreme Evil Old Man only knew of the Tie Family in the Liuren Domain. The Extreme Evil Old Man smiled. "The Tie Family isn't ranked high in the Liuren Domain. They aren't even a third-rate family, so they can't squeeze into the Liuren Divine City. After so many years, they don't seem to have any intention of rising …"
All the big and small families in the Divine Domain had the goal of controlling a divine city. Any random divine city could earn them a large sum of Shenwu coins every year without any risk. Which family's Patriarch wouldn't want to become a city lord?
However, there were a limited number of divine cities. Thus, the large families ran to the central divine cities of the various floating island families. For example, the divine cities of the thirty-six domains were controlled by the Han Family. To get a divine city, the most important thing was for the Han Family to agree.
In the Extreme Evil Old Man's opinion, the Tie Family didn't have the qualifications to enter the city. They even relied on a small shop in Money Alley. Naturally, they weren't doing well.
After getting a general understanding of the Tie Family, Luo Zheng planned to go to Money Alley to look for that girl.
Old Man Extreme Evil smiled faintly. "Although I know that mud is very important to you, you seem to have forgotten that the Deity Realm is different from the Great Yan Universe …"
Luo Zheng paused for a moment before he understood what the Evil Old Man meant.
Previously, it took Luo Zheng quite some time to travel from Meng Shan Village to Jing City. Although the Tie Clan was located outside of Liuren Divine City, it was definitely not close. Especially with Luo Zheng's current speed, it would take him quite some time to reach the Tie Clan. Moreover, the Heavenly Palace's examination was imminent.
"If that's the case, then we'll consider it after the Heaven-Containing House examination." Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng was like an ant crawling under the fallen leaves of a primitive forest. The divine realm was too vast for him. He couldn't even get in touch with his father's disciples. The divine realm was too vast for him. He couldn't even get in touch with his father's disciples.
If he could be accepted by Han Jia, not only would Luo Zheng be able to borrow Han Jia's resources to cultivate, but he would also be able to enter the floating island as quickly as possible. This goal was equally important to Luo Zheng.
Several days later, the Heavenly Palace's examination finally began …
In Liuren Divine City, this year's popular candidates had already been listed.
From first to third place, the Proof of Divinity cultivators were all surnamed Han.
However, these disciples were all from the Han Family's branch family. In reality, those who managed the Han Family's ancestral land belonged to the Han Family's smaller branches. There were even some in-laws with different surnames who had taken the initiative to forget about their background and change their surname to Han.
The real Han Family's main branch family had already moved to the floating island's rich and powerful families. For example, the two Han Family sisters Luo Zheng had encountered in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Even in the main branch of the Han Family, their status was extraordinary.
Even the Han Family's branch family was far more powerful than ordinary second or third-rate families. Based on past experience, the top five most popular candidates in the Heavenly Palace would usually be taken by them.
However, there was an exception this year. The nameless youth who'd defeated Huolan Zhuo in one move in Hanyue Tower was ranked fourth.
The vast grounds of the Heavenly Palace were already packed with people.
Most of the Proof of Divinity cultivators participating in the Heavenly Palace's examination were unusually excited and excited.
Proof of Divinity cultivators weren't worth much in the divine territory. Most Divinity cultivators who wanted to cultivate to the Realm of Immortal Lords didn't have much difficulty relying on their willpower. The true difficulty lay in proving divinity. Using one's own ability to condense a godhood was practically a rarity. If one could join the Heavenly Palace, their chances of success would greatly increase with the help of the Heavenly Palace. As long as they successfully condensed a godhood and gained eternal life, they would have limitless possibilities.
Thus, a considerable number of Proof of Divinity cultivators participated in the Heavenly Palace's examination almost every year. Although there were very few who passed, they still hadn't given up hope.
On a platform at the side of the grounds, five Proof of Divinity cultivators were either sitting or standing. They occasionally swept their eyes over the crowd of Proof of Divinity cultivators below with disdain.
"Second Brother, why do you think these Divinity cultivators are so excited? There are more than a hundred thousand people fighting over twenty spots. Are they all here to join in the fun?" One of the Proof of Divinity cultivators smiled faintly. This person was Han Xuan, ranked third on the Heavenly Palace's examination list.
"That's what you think. They may not view themselves objectively," Han Hui said with a smile. Han Hui was older and ranked second in the Han Family branch. Thus, they all called him Second Brother. His strength was also ranked second on the list.
"Hmph, I wonder if the guy ranked fourth on the list will appear. I'd like to see what kind of Divinity he is to be able to push me down," Han Zhen said indignantly from the rightmost side.
Han Zhen was originally ranked fourth on the list. However, recently, the Hanyue Building had been in an uproar. It was said that a mysterious youth had suddenly appeared. Not only did he know how to make the Great Vegetarian Pill, but he also defeated Hulan Family's Hulan Zhuo in one move.
It was also because of this that the mysterious youth had pushed Han Zhen down by one place. Of course, Han Zhen was very unhappy.
"Hulan Zhuo's ranking is only 11th. That mysterious youth defeated Hulan Zhuo and jumped to fourth place. It's indeed a little unfair," Han Xuan said, shaking his head.
"I think so, too."
"However, the person who made this list is also relying on groundless accusations. It can't be accurate …"
The elites of the Han Family branch naturally spoke up for their own people. As they said, Hulan Zhuo was indeed only ranked 11th on the list. However, among the Han Family disciples present, who could defeat Hulan Zhuo in one move?
Moreover, on that day in the Hanyue Building, anyone with a discerning eye could see that Luo Zheng had defeated Hulan Zhuo with ease.
The group of people who made this list also relied on the Han Family for a living. Every Heavenly Palace examination, they would send people with sharp eyes to collect information in the Hanyue Building. This group of people was only afraid that the Han Family would lose face, so they ranked Han Zhen, Han Xuan, and the others as first, second, and third places. If they really judged with their unique eyes, there was no one on the list who could be ranked alongside Luo Zheng!
Elder Wu was also unusually busy today. During the Heavenly Palace examination, as a True God who imparted doctrine, he also had to come forward to help.
While he was busy, his gaze kept wandering among the crowd. As a True God who imparted doctrine, although his strength was ordinary, it was very easy for him to find someone among more than 100,000 people.
After searching for a while, Elder Wu shook his head and sighed softly. Luo Tianxing did not come to participate in the Heavenly Palace's examination today.
Elder Wu had been eliminating the "Two Taboos" in accordance with the Dark Gold Method that Luo Zheng had taught him.
Although he had only practiced it for a short period of time, there was a faint effect. Naturally, he was very happy. Elder Wu was stubborn and did not like to owe others favors. Luo Tianxing had imparted such a shocking method to him, but he only gave him a place to participate in the examination. That was too stingy.
In Elder Wu's opinion, it was impossible for Luo Tianxing to enter the Heavenly Palace. If Luo Tianxing came to participate in the examination today, Elder Wu had prepared a valuable gift for him.
It was a pity that he did not find Luo Tianxing. He knew that Luo Tianxing had lost his confidence and had chosen to give up directly. This kind of thing was very common in the Heavenly Palace's examination.
At this moment, the Proving Gods who were standing on both sides of the gate of the Heavenly Palace suddenly burst into a buzz of discussion.
"Is it this person?"
"The one who defeated Hulan Zhuo with one move?"

Chapter 1777
Every name on the list received a lot of attention.
Undoubtedly, the mysterious young man received the most attention …
When Luo Zheng had just appeared at the gate of the Heaven-concealing Mansion, no one had noticed him.
However, someone soon discovered Luo Zheng and identified Luo Zheng. Then, the news spread like wildfire …
Soon, everyone in the spacious field of the Heaven-concealing Mansion knew that the Proof of Divinity martial artist in a plain gown was the one who had defeated Hulan Zhuo with one move!
On Hulan Zhuo's jade-like face, a pair of round eyes pierced through the crowd and fixed on Luo Zheng.
His eyes were like two awls that could not wait to pierce through Luo Zheng.
In the Hanyue Pavilion, before Huolan Zhuo could react, he was defeated by Luo Zheng. After being knocked by Luo Zheng, Huolan Zhuo lost consciousness. When he woke up, he discovered that he had been utterly defeated.
5,000 Shenwu Coins was not a small sum of money, but it was nothing in Hulan Zhuo's eyes.
However, everyone had been talking about that young man recently. Moreover, that young man did not leave his name. Whenever they mentioned him, they would add the phrase "the one who defeated Hulan Zhuo with one move." Hulan Zhuo had become a brand on that young man, which was a great humiliation for him.
Given Luo Zheng's sensitivity, he sensed Hulan Zhuo's hostility almost instantly.
In addition to Hulan Zhuo, there were some unfriendly gazes in the crowd.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face. He walked through the field without paying any attention to them …
After confirming Hulan Zhuo's strength, he completely understood the strength of these Proof of Divinity martial artists.
In the Grand Yan Universe, those ordinary geniuses who cultivated to the World Lord realm were stronger than them, let alone those geniuses who were ranked at the top or even Dao Children. These Proof of Divinity cultivators didn't have the qualifications to be his opponent. In his eyes, entering the Heaven-containing Prefecture was a path that had to be passed.
Wherever Luo Zheng passed, the surrounding martial artists would make way for him …
Some envied Luo Zheng. They probably thought that he was just a nobody and that he must have encountered some amazing luck to be able to compete with the elites of the big families.
Some envied him. They believed that Luo Zheng would not be complacent for long. If he was targeted in the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination, he would probably be eliminated …
Elder Wu had also heard about the mysterious young man in the Hanyue Building. As a Dao Imparting True God, he was curious about the young man who was so powerful and lucky. After hearing the commotion, he looked over the crowd's craned necks.
Just now, he was still looking for Luo Tianxing, but he didn't expect that Luo Tianxing would appear here. When Old Man Wu noticed the words of the surrounding Proof Divinity cultivators, he finally realized that the mysterious youth ranked fourth on the list was actually Luo Tianxing himself!
After understanding this point, Old Man Wu's face was filled with astonishment.
When Luo Zheng first appeared in front of the Heaven-concealing Mansion, Elder Wu had thought that Luo Zheng was just an ordinary martial artist. Even after Luo Zheng told him the method to break the taboo, Elder Wu thought it was just luck. After all, Luo Tianxing had heard the method from others. Luo Tianxing's own strength was not worth mentioning.
Elder Wu finally understood why Luo Tianxing did not mind that he had only given him a "White Jade Token," which was a spot in the examination. He had the strength and the confidence to pass the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination. It was enough to get a spot. Elder Wu had been afraid that Luo Tianxing would be greedy and ask for a spot in the Heaven-concealing Mansion …
Luo Zheng found a corner and leaned against the wall. Facing the noisy environment, he closed his eyes and quietly waited for the examination to begin.
He did not look for trouble with others, but there were still some people who could not stand it.
On a high platform, the five elite disciples of the Han Family stared at Luo Zheng with different expressions. Among them, Han Zhen's gaze was the coldest.
Seeing Luo Zheng stand still, Han Zhen said coldly, "I'll go and meet this guy!"
Just as Han Zhen moved, Han Xuan stopped him and said, "Don't fight in the Heaven-concealing Mansion."
Han Jia was the rule maker of Sixth Ren Divine City. Han Jia controlled the Thousand Commandments Slate of Sixth Ren Divine City. They had a way to circumvent the rules of the slate. However, today was the examination. If Han Zhen fought in front of so many people, it would be too much. It would not be good for the reputation.
"I know my limits," Han Zhen said indifferently.
Then, he jumped down from the platform and ran towards Luo Zheng. The Proving Gods cultivators along the way moved aside when they saw Han Zhen running towards them. In Six Ren Divine City, they could provoke anyone except for the Han Clan. This was Han Clan's territory, they had the right to decide the life and death of the cultivators in the city.
Han Zhen walked in front of Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng's eyes were still closed, he frowned and said coldly, "Anyone who participates in the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination must register their name and origin. What is your name? Where are you from?"
When the Testimony Gods heard Han Zhen's tone, it was as if they had been injected with chicken blood. The examination hadn't even begun, and there was already a show to watch.
They wondered how the mysterious young man would deal with Han Jia in their territory.
Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes and glanced at Han Zhen indifferently. Then he slowly closed his eyes again, as if he hadn't heard Han Zhen's question.
"I asked you a question. Answer! If you don't answer, I will kick you out of the Heaven-concealing Mansion. "Han Zhen felt as if he had been ignored by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "Are you the examiner of the Heaven-concealing Mansion?"
Han Zhen didn't expect Luo Zheng to ask this. He paused for a moment and then said, "I'm not an examiner. So what?"
"If you're not an examiner, and you're participating in the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination, what right do you have to question me?" Luo Zheng asked calmly.
Han Zhen thought for a moment and then smiled proudly. He said, "Because my surname is Han. I can represent the Han Family as an examiner."
The Han Family didn't need to be reasonable in Six Ren Divine City.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes again and looked at Han Zhen mockingly. He said, "If you can represent the Han Family as an examiner, then what's the point of the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination? Why don't you just bring the Han Family's disciples into the Heaven-concealing Mansion? Why bother with the thirty-six domains? Who are you putting on a show for? "
After that, Luo Zheng said calmly, "Isn't that right, everyone?"
The Proof Gods present were all holding onto a sliver of hope that they could become Proof Gods. They had used all sorts of methods to get a spot to participate in the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination.
But Han Zhen's words were very unreasonable. He had come to participate in the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination, so the Heaven-concealing Mansion should at least guarantee fairness.
Otherwise, the Heaven-concealing Mansion's examination would be a joke.
The Proof Gods didn't have much hope of getting into the Heaven-concealing Mansion, but that didn't mean they didn't want fairness.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Proof Gods began to whisper amongst themselves.
"That's right. If Han Zhen thinks he's an examiner, then he should just announce that he's passed the examination and joined the Heaven-concealing Mansion. Why put on a show for everyone?"
"We came all the way to the Heavenly Palace just to be played by you?"
"Every year, half the spots are taken by the Han Family's disciples. Why don't you just bring them into the mansion?"
Not long after, those low voices of discussion suddenly turned into waves of booing.
Some even began to jeer …
"Looks like there's no need to take the examination this year. Let's just let the Heaven-concealing Mansion choose."
"Recruiting Proof Gods depends on power and understanding. Since the Han Family has the final say, let's disperse …"
"…"
Of course, the Proof Gods wouldn't actually leave. They were just there to watch the show. Someone had taken the lead, so of course they were happy to vent.
Luo Zheng looked at Han Zhen in front of him, the playfulness in his eyes growing stronger. He'd purposely said those words to incite the Proof Gods' emotions. He hadn't expected the results to be so good.
The boos grew louder and louder. Wave after wave, they spread throughout the Heaven-concealing Mansion's courtyard.

Chapter 1778
Just as Han Zhen was stuck in a dilemma, a well-built middle-aged man walked to the center of the field and suddenly shouted, "Quiet!"
That voice was filled with authority, as if it had an irresistible force that sealed everyone's mouths. The entire Heaven-Containing Prefecture instantly fell silent …
The middle-aged man glared at Han Zhen, and Han Xuan, who was standing beside him, shook his head slightly.
This middle-aged man was called Han Meng, and he was Han Xuan's third uncle. He was also the master of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, and he had always been the one in charge of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's recruitment.
Han Xuan saw that the situation wasn't good, and he was afraid that things would get out of hand, so he could only ask his third uncle to come out …
Han Meng then said, "Our Heaven-Containing Prefecture's recruitment test has always been based on strength. I'm sure everyone knows that quite a few Han Family disciples have been eliminated in the past, and this cannot be faked. All of you who have proven your godhood are determined to prove your godhood, and your perseverance is commendable. To choose our Heaven-Containing Prefecture is our honor. If you can prove your godhood, you will be considered a part of our family. In the future, entering the floating island and being accepted as a disciple by the Sage Emperor is not impossible."
When these words were spoken, coupled with the aura hidden in his voice, it was extremely tempting.
Entering the floating island was an unattainable dream for millions of true gods, and it exuded boundless attraction. Even the Extreme Evil Old Man, who was content with his own territory, had a look of endless yearning when it came to the floating island.
Han Meng's words weren't false, either. The Han Family was also constantly nurturing its own disciples and geniuses.
Although the distribution of power in the divine realm was very stable, and the Han Family's position was unshakeable, it didn't mean that there was no competition …
The floating island rankings in the Sea of Time would change every once in a while, and according to the changes in the rankings, the level of these powerful families would be determined. If a powerful family didn't have fresh blood for a long time, the floating island's status would continue to decline. In addition, their right to speak in the Sage Hall would be severely weakened. These were all mutually reinforcing.
The Han Family also needed to select talented elites from the thirty-six regions to nurture, and select the geniuses to enter the floating island. The Sage Emperor would then accept the outstanding ones as his disciples.
Thus, although Mu Jiu, Mu Tian, and Mu Han, whom Luo Zheng had met in the Great Yan Universe, were only lower true gods, they were much stronger than ordinary true gods.
Just as Han Meng finished speaking, a melodious bell sound came from the depths of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture!
"Dong —"
The sound was produced by the vibration of an invisible force. Generally speaking, this force was invisible.
But when the bell rang, everyone saw yellow ripples in the sky. These yellow ripples kept spreading in the air, leaving behind the melodious bell sound in everyone's ears.
"Dong —"
The second and third bell chimes rang out as well …
Han Meng smiled faintly and said, "The bell has rung. As usual, everyone must toss the White Jade Token in their hands into the air and wait for a moment. After our Heaven Containing Palace has finished organizing, the examination will begin!"
The number of people entering the Heaven-containing Palace was recorded by these white jade tokens. These white jade tokens all had Han Jia's special symbol, so they could not be faked.
As his voice fell, Han Xuan, who was beside Han Meng, suddenly waved his arm. The white jade token shot out from his hand and flew into the sky above the Heaven-containing Palace. Han Xuan seemed to have poured some kind of power into this white jade token.
This white jade token was covered in a layer of faint green light. It shot into the air, but it seemed to have encountered an invisible net. That net formed a strong resistance, and the momentum of the white jade token rapidly decreased. In the end, it was embedded in the air, unable to go up or down.
"This year, Han Xuan is the first to go. The height is six hundred and seventy feet," someone from the Heaven-containing Palace announced.
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall and stared at the little white dot in the air. Although he hadn't been in Six Ren Divine City for long, he had at least done some research and knew the rules of the Heaven-containing Palace's examination.
Han Jia's examination wasn't equal. After all, there were a hundred thousand people taking the examination together. There had to be an order, and the first martial artist naturally had the advantage. So every year, before the examination began, they would toss out white jade tokens to determine the order of each martial artist who proved divinity.
In the sky above the Heaven-containing Palace, there was an extremely strong binding force. The higher one went, the stronger the binding force.
Last year, the highest toss height in the Heaven-containing Palace's examination was only five hundred and fifty feet. This year, Han Xuan had surpassed last year's best result.
But because this year's Heaven-containing Palace's examination was much better than last year's, whether it was the number of people or the quality, Han Xuan's result was not unexpected.
After Han Xuan made the first move, there were martial artists who started to throw White Jade Tokens into the air. These White Jade Tokens recorded their names and origins. When all of the White Jade Tokens were bound by the power in the air, the order and the details of the martial artists who proved their divinity would be recorded in the records.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In the process of tossing the white jade tokens, these martial artists who proved divinity used various methods to imbue the tokens with the power they comprehended. This allowed the white jade tokens to fly higher and fight for a higher ranking for themselves.
Some of the White Jade Tokens had powerful flame energy attached to them. As they flew, they exploded with a series of explosions, trying to push the White Jade Tokens even higher. Some of the other White Jade Tokens had different kinds of energy attached to them. A considerable portion of the energy came from various Divine Daos, and there were also some that relied purely on brute force.
These martial artists who could be called martial artists who proved divinity had more or less stepped into the Divine Daos. It was just that they didn't have a deep understanding of the Divine Daos, so they couldn't condense the Godhood …
Most of the white jade tokens could only reach a height of three hundred to four hundred feet. Only a small number could go beyond four hundred feet or close to five hundred feet. This was already an excellent result, standing out from at least ninety percent of the martial artists who proved divinity. A very small number of martial artists who proved divinity could go beyond five hundred feet. These people were the best of the best!
For example, Hu Lan Zhuo. He threw his white jade token to a height of five hundred and forty feet. Looking at his expression, he was quite satisfied.
Over a hundred thousand martial artists who proved divinity threw their tokens at the same time. Countless thin lines of different colors appeared in the sky above the Heaven-containing Mansion. It was a spectacular sight!
Hiss …
A sharp hiss cut through the sky, attracting everyone's attention. The white jade token was wrapped in a black flame. Like a black meteor, it rushed into the sky at an extremely fast speed!
This white jade token was thrown by Han Zhen!
Han Zhen's strength could only be ranked fifth on the list, behind Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that relying on the black flame, the white jade token would surpass Han Xuan's height of six hundred and seventy feet in an instant!
The higher the white jade token climbed, the greater the resistance, and the slower the speed.
Moreover, the black flame on the white jade token was still slowly burning. It slowly climbed up with difficulty and finally stopped at a height of seven hundred and ninety feet!
Seeing this scene, Han Zhen's face was full of surprise. He didn't expect that he could surpass Han Xuan by so much.
"Han Zhen actually threw it to seven hundred and ninety feet …."
"Over the years, the best result was only eight hundred and twenty feet, right?"
"Looks like Han Zhen's strength ranking is really low. He shouldn't be ranked fifth!"
Hearing these discussions, Han Zhen was very pleased. After looking around, his gaze fell on Luo Zheng. He said loudly, "My Han family disciples have always relied on their own strength to enter the Heaven-containing Mansion! It's very different from what some people think! "
When Han Meng heard this, he nodded slightly. The Proving Divinity cultivators of the Han family branch were indeed outstanding. Each of them could enter the Heaven-containing Palace legitimately. This was truly a fair competition. They were destined to speak with their strength.
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall, leaning his head slightly. He still had that careless smile on his face as he stared indifferently at Han Zhen.
He came to the Heaven-containing Mansion with no intention of competing with anyone. He just wanted to quietly pass the Heaven-containing Mansion's examination and slowly enter the Han family's floating island. But this Han Zhen inexplicably wanted to target him ….
"Throw the White Jade Token in your hand up! If you don't dare, give up now and withdraw. You can still save some face, "Han Zhen provoked.
Almost all of the hundred thousand martial artists had already thrown their white jade tokens up. They hung densely in the air like a flock of motionless white birds. It was a spectacular sight.
Only a few of the martial artists didn't make a move. Luo Zheng was one of them.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1779
Luo Zheng had planned to throw the White Jade Token up casually. He had no intention of fighting for first place.
Before entering the Heaven-Containing Mansion, he did not want to attract too much attention.
He had defeated Hulan Zhuo in Hanyue Tower because of the temptation of 5,000 Shenwu coins. Otherwise, he would not have bothered.
Now, Han Zhen was targeting him again …
At the same time, most of the Proof of Divinity cultivators focused their attention on him.
These Proof of Divinity cultivators also wanted to see if Luo Zheng was really strong or if the rumors were just exaggerations.
"The rest of you, please quickly toss your White Jade Medallion up so that our Heaven-containing Mansion can compile the list," said Han Meng. Although his tone was very calm, and he did not mention anyone, anyone could tell that he was targeting Luo Zheng.
After Han Meng finished speaking, the rest of the Proof of Divinity cultivators threw their White Jade Tokens up as well. Soon, only Luo Zheng was left.
"That kid must be scared," one of the Proof of Divinity cultivators said with his head lowered.
"Most likely, he's afraid of embarrassing himself …"
"Since he's in the Heaven-Containing Mansion, he should behave himself. Why go against Han Jia?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt a little helpless.
When did he go against Han Jia?
It was this group of people who were looking for trouble …
"You're the only one left. Don't pretend to be mysterious. Whether you're a mule or a horse, drag him out for a walk!" Han Zhen said again. He looked at Luo Zheng's half-smile and felt very unhappy.
"Phew …"
Luo Zheng sighed softly.
Then, he took the White Jade Token in his hand and gently turned it over twice.
At this moment, everyone, including Han Zhen, Han Xuan, Mansion Master Han Meng, and Hulan Zhuo, fixed their eyes on the White Jade Token.
Before the examination of Han Jia, they did not know Luo Zheng's surname and background. Even under Han Zhen's interrogation, Luo Zheng did not tell them. Out of curiosity, they paid close attention. Now, they could clearly see the words engraved on the White Jade Token.
Meng Village, Luo Tianxing!
"So his surname is Luo …"
"Meng Village? Which corner of the village is that? "
"Small villages like this can be found everywhere in the thirty-six domains. I'm afraid there are hundreds of thousands of them. Who knows which one it is …"
Since Luo Zheng came from Meng Village, he decided to disguise himself as a God who came from that village. After all, Luo Zheng had stepped into the realm of Divinity, and no one would be able to tell that he was once a 'secondary living being'.
After taking a few steps forward, he looked up at the sky and smiled. "Are you looking forward to it that much?"
Han Zhen's expression froze, and he said, "What the hell am I looking forward to? I just want to see you make a fool of yourself!"
"Is that so …"
Luo Zheng gently held the white jade token with a faint smile on his face. Then, he lifted the white jade token to his back. At the same time, the nine stars in his inner world slowly rotated. His entire body suddenly rose up, and blue veins bulged out from his temples all the way to his heels!
Thirty-five percent of his strength!
Although his cultivation hadn't improved during this period of time, his body and inner world had improved to a certain extent under continuous cultivation.
With his own body, Luo Zheng could now easily withstand thirty-five percent of the nine stars' energy source!
The energy source crazily rotated in Luo Zheng's body, driving every joint in Luo Zheng's body. This energy moved along with Luo Zheng's body, and faintly, there was a slight feeling of distortion!
"Slap!"
When the White Jade Token was thrown out, a crisp sound was suddenly heard.
The sound was as crisp as a slap in the face. At the same time, the white jade token turned into powder not far from Luo Zheng's head.
These powder splashed onto some of the Proving Divinity Warriors around. Together with the crisp sound, they really thought that they were slapped by Luo Zheng. They all stared at Luo Zheng blankly, not knowing what had just happened.
Han Zhen saw that the white jade token was broken, but he didn't see clearly what method Luo Zheng had used. He only thought that Luo Zheng had deliberately crushed it secretly. While everyone was silent, he sneered and said, "Humph, not only did you not dare to attack, but you also deliberately damaged the white jade token. You're smart!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng just opened his hand and waved it at Han Zhen. He said innocently, "I forgot that the white jade token is just a piece of jade … It's too fragile."
Han Zhen retorted, "You're good at finding excuses. This …"
"Shut up!"
Han Meng finally stopped Han Zhen. At this moment, he looked at Luo Zheng with a serious face.
Not only Han Meng, but the other True Gods and the old man surnamed Wu were all staring at Luo Zheng with a surprised look!
Before this, they had some doubts. Could this ordinary-looking guy really defeat Hulan Zhuo, who had been cultivated by the Hulan Family with a single move?
But now, they didn't have any doubts.
Just now, when Luo Zheng suddenly threw it, it caused a slight distortion in the space!
In the Dayan Universe, Luo Zheng could easily tear the space apart. However, the stability of the space in the God Territory was beyond his imagination. Even if he exploded with 35% of his power and concentrated it all on his right hand, he could only cause a slight distortion in the space …
However, it was this slight distortion that caused all the Real Gods present to be dumbfounded.
Apart from Han Meng, who was a middle True God, the others were all lower True Gods. However, these True Gods were very experienced. Of course, they knew that there were only two kinds of people who could affect the space in the God Territory.
One kind was people who had broken through the realm of upper True God and cultivated to the Great Perfection. The other kind was saints. Luo Zheng had used his power to distort the space. This was simply unimaginable. The people present had never heard of such a thing.
As for the shattering of the White Jade Token, they saw it clearly. It wasn't Luo Zheng who had crushed it. It was because the impact was too great that it had shattered on its own.
The air in the God Territory was much thicker than the air in the Dayan Universe. Therefore, living beings who stepped into the God Territory would feel an invisible pressure on their bodies. However, the living beings in the God Territory were already used to it. It was similar to the strong gravitational force in the Mountain Crumbling Clan in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Because the air was too thick, when the White Jade Token reached an extremely high speed in an instant, the air formed an air wall in front of the White Jade Token! The White Jade Token itself wasn't very strong. Before it could break through the air wall, it exploded into pieces!
The Real Gods were trying to figure out just how much strength this young man had.
As for Han Meng, he already knew that this Luo Zheng from Meng Mountain Village wasn't simple. He was already very cautious. However, Han Zhen was still talking nonsense and losing face for the Han Family. Han Meng was naturally angry, so he scolded him.
Han Zhen finally seized this opportunity to disgust Luo Zheng. Even though Han Meng scolded him, he still said, "Third Uncle, he broke it on purpose …"
"I told you to shut up!" Han Meng's voice also became cold.
In the end, Han Meng was their senior. Even if Han Zhen's performance today was not bad, he couldn't lose face like this …
"Han Zhen, don't say anymore. Listen to Third Uncle," Han Xuan said.
Han Xuan also didn't see clearly what had happened. However, Han Xuan knew how to read people's faces. Right now, it wasn't just his Third Uncle's attitude. The other True Gods' gazes were all filled with shock. Han Xuan naturally understood that Luo Zheng's actions were no small matter.
Han Meng slowly walked in front of Luo Zheng. His attitude had already changed. The cold and indifferent smile from before was completely gone. Now, he had an amiable expression. He then said, "Luo Tianxing, right? You came from Meng Mountain Village, but our Han Family controls thirty-six domains. There are a total of thirteen Meng Mountain Villages. Which domain are you from? "
Luo Zheng replied, "I came from Meng Mountain Village in the Vast Sky Domain."
"Vast Sky Domain …" Han Meng memorized this name. Naturally, he would send people to Vast Sky Domain to investigate this matter. He then smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Although it's a pity that the White Jade Token was broken, it's not your fault. How about I give you something else to throw again? Otherwise, you don't have a ranking, so I can't arrange a sequence for you … "

Chapter 1780
Han Meng also understood that the power that Luo Zheng had just erupted with was too terrifying. It had already surpassed the limits of a Proof of Divinity martial artist. Just throwing it out was enough to shatter the White Jade Token. This was enough to prove his ability …
Proof Gods of this level didn't need to fight for an order. He could even make an exception and directly recruit Luo Zheng into the Heaven-Containing Palace.
However, Han Meng needed an excuse to observe Luo Zheng's strength!
The Heaven-Containing Palace was facing a lot of pressure. In the past thousand years, the Han Clan's Saint Emperor had only accepted one disciple. Moreover, that disciple didn't come from the Heaven-Containing Palace, but from the Han Clan's floating island.
Although the Heaven-Containing Palace had nurtured many elites in the past thousand years, after these geniuses became True Gods, their performance was very mediocre. Even those who were recommended by the Heaven-Containing Palace to the floating island didn't have any outstanding areas.
The Han Clan's main branch on the floating island had already announced that if the Heaven-Containing Palace didn't produce a single disciple within the next thousand years, they would give the Heaven-Containing Palace's recommendation rights to the thirty-six regions. At that time, all the 'Proof Palace' in the thirty-six regions would be able to recommend disciples to the floating island!
To become a disciple, one had to be chosen by the Han Clan's Saint Emperor. How difficult was that?
Han Meng wished he could become the Saint Emperor's disciple, but unfortunately, he didn't have the qualifications …
The reason the Han Clan's branch was able to grow to its current state in Liuren Divine City was because of the Han Clan. Because the Han Clan had given the Heaven-Containing Palace the recommendation rights, the Proof Gods of the thirty-six regions had no choice but to gather in Liuren Divine City to participate in the Heaven-Containing Palace's examination.
Although Liuren Divine City was the Han Clan's ancestral land, the main branch had already moved to the floating island. The members of the Han Clan's branch were only distant relatives of the Han Clan. Some of them weren't even related to the Han Clan by blood. Being able to give the Han Clan these benefits was already very considerate.
If the main branch on the floating island gave the recommendation rights to the other Proof Palaces, then the status of the Han Clan's branch would be greatly weakened!
However, finding a disciple who could meet the requirements of a Saint was too difficult. Ever since Han Meng took up the position, he hadn't seen such a genius …
Thinking about the heavy burden of the Han Clan's branch on his shoulders, Han Meng's heart felt incomparably heavy.
This Luo Zheng had just displayed his strength, proving that he was a Divine Martial Expert and was able to shake space. The flames of hope in Han Meng's heart had already been ignited!
If Luo Zheng really had the slightest chance of catching the eye of the Han family's Saint Emperor, then his position in the Heaven-Containing Mansion would be preserved. That was why Han Meng had mercilessly reprimanded Han Zhen for targeting Luo Tianxing.
........ and Luo Zheng's...................
.......... You......................................................................................................................
. When Han Meng gave the halberds to Luo Zheng, the flames of jealousy in Han Zhen's eyes nearly spat out.
This time, the five sons of the Han Clan's branch were participating in the exam. Originally, they wanted to take the top five places. However, Han Meng had promised to give the halberds to the one who took the top spot.
Han Zhen's weapon of choice was the short halberds. Although the halberds weren't graded, they were still grandmist treasures. He didn't expect his Third Uncle to give them to Luo Zheng. It was too unfair.
The five sons of the Han Family all had different thoughts. However, when Han Xuan saw Han Zhen's indignant expression, he gently patted him on the shoulder and comforted him, "Third Uncle is also thinking for the sake of our Han Family branch. This Luo Tianxing really does have such frightening strength and talent. It's best if we don't offend him. Who knows, Third Uncle might send you to apologize …"
"Why should I apologize?!" Han Zhen growled.
"Why should I?" Han Xuan smiled faintly. "Don't you understand? Being born in the Han Clan is both a blessing and a misfortune. Everything you have is given by the Han Clan. They have the right to take it away, unless … "
"Unless what?" Han Zhen's expression became more and more unfriendly. He didn't like Han Xuan's argument, but he had to admit that Han Xuan's words made sense.
Han Xuan continued to smile. "Unless you can show more strength and talent than Luo Tianxing. If you can catch the eye of the main family, isn't it … simple?"
"Simple my ass!" Han Zhen cursed. He could only place his hopes on Luo Zheng. He hoped that this kid was a swindler and that he had deliberately broken the White Jade Token. However, Han Zhen knew that this was only his own wishful thinking.
Han Zhen wasn't the only one who was jealous of Luo Zheng. When the other Proof of Divinity cultivators saw that Luo Zheng had broken his own White Jade Token, not only was he not kicked out, but he was also given a grandmist treasure by the Mansion Master himself.
Luo Zheng didn't decline. Since he had already decided to join the Han Clan, he wouldn't appear too distant. He gladly accepted the short halberds and asked, "How do you know I'm a sword cultivator?"
He hadn't displayed his sword dao in front of Han Meng. He also put the Great Thousand Heavy Sword back into its scabbard and threw it into his spatial ring.
Han Meng smiled faintly. "I see that the web between your thumb and index finger is a little flat. There's also some wear and tear on your index finger. This is the result of years of sword cultivation." As the Mansion Master of the Heaven Containing Mansion, he was a peak middle True Divinity cultivator. He definitely had this level of observation.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. When he held the pair of short halberds in his hand, he felt as cold as iron. The short halberds were twice as heavy as the White Jade Token, but because they were heavy, they were easier to throw. There wasn't much of a difference between the two halberds.
Then, Han Meng waved his hand and smiled. "You may begin."
Luo Zheng grabbed one of the short halberds and took several steps back. He raised his head high once more. Within his inner world, the nine stars constantly revolved. The source of strength that escaped from the surface of the stars began to flow through his dantian and into Luo Zheng's right hand. There was still only 35% of the source of strength.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and threw the short halberd in his hands.
"Wu –"
There wasn't any energy attached to the short halberd. It only relied on the purest of strength.
But this short halberd shot upwards at an unprecedented speed. It tore through the air, creating an ear-piercing howl. Because its speed was too fast, the surrounding air constantly condensed, forming a pale white trajectory …
In the blink of an eye, the short halberd had reached a height of 500 feet!
"It's so fast!"
"I wonder if it will break the record!"
"The Mansion Master seems to think highly of this boy. That's why he gave him this short halberd …"
The Proof of Divinity martial artists present widened their eyes as they watched the black short halberd rise in a straight line.
After the black short halberd reached a height of 500 feet, it encountered the invisible net like the other hundred thousand White Jade Tokens. Its speed began to decrease rapidly.
But the short halberd's initial speed was too fast. Even with the decrease in speed, it was still shockingly fast.
"I wonder if it can break Han Zhen's …" A Proof of Divinity martial artist wanted to ask if it could break Han Zhen's record. But before he could finish speaking, the short halberd had already broken through the barrier of 800 feet. It went straight for 900 feet …
"The highest record in the history of the Heaven Containing Palace is only 820 feet. It's going to break through 900 feet!"
"It's already broken through 900 feet. I think it's going to break through 1000 feet."
A Han Family disciple heard this and laughed. "Break through 1000 feet? That's too ignorant! The restrictive force above the Heaven Containing Palace is written according to the rules of the Thousand Commandments Slate. The highest is only 900 feet! No matter how powerful this Luo Tianxing is, can he break the rules of the Thousand Commandments Slate? Even an upper True Divinity would find it hard to break free from this restrictive force! "
What this Han Family disciple said was the truth. The Han Family branch controlled the Thousand Commandments Slate. The rules on it were written by them. Naturally, it was biased towards the Heaven Containing Palace. As for the other 'Proof of Divinity Palaces' in Six Ren Divine City, they didn't receive such treatment.
But after the short halberd broke through 900 feet, it continued to climb upwards without any suspense. It rushed all the way to 900 feet!
"Peng!"

Chapter 1781
When the short halberd hit the invisible area, the sky above the Heaven-containing Palace started to turn into an illusory color. It was as though different colors of ink were mixed together.
Just as the Han Family disciple had said, the restrictive force above the Heaven-containing Palace was actually a boundary created by borrowing the power of the Thousand Commandments Slate.
The boundary floated above the Heaven-containing Palace. Normally, it couldn't be seen. Only when an enemy attacked would the boundary be activated!
However, the True Gods who were qualified to attack in Six Ren Divine City were at least upper True Gods. True Gods like the Extreme Evil Old Man were powerless against the Thousand Commandments Slate.
The boundary above the Heaven-containing Palace hadn't been activated for two God Eras …
In the entire Heaven Containing Mansion, from the Dao Instructing True Gods to the Proof Divinity martial artists, all of them stared blankly at the sky. Some of the True Gods who had lived for too long had naturally seen this enchantment being triggered before, but it was the first time for the young Proof Divinity martial artists present to see such a spectacle!
"No, not good!"
Han Meng looked at the flowing colors and seemed to have thought of something important. His expression changed.
At the same time, he turned his head and shouted, "Old Chen! Quick! Use the Veto Order! I'll compensate you! "
The Dao Imparting True Gods in the Heaven-containing Palace were all gathered in another corner, including Old Man Wu. These Dao Imparting True Gods were also paying attention to Luo Zheng's every move …
"In other words, Old Wu, your Black Gold Taboo Breaking Technique was really taught by him?" A Dao Imparting True God asked Z.
Old Man Wu nodded. "At that time, I couldn't repay him. I only asked for a White Jade Token. I didn't think that he would use his own strength to enter the Heaven-containing Palace. I felt guilty. Today, I wanted to compensate him. I didn't expect … Hehe, this kid's ability is really surprising."
Just as he said this, Han Meng's voice sounded.
The Old Chen that Han Meng mentioned was the oldest and most respected Dao Imparting True God in the Heaven-containing Palace.
When Old Chen heard Han Meng's words, his expression changed abruptly. He instantly recalled an extremely important matter that had been overlooked by everyone!
Under the influence of the Thousand Commandments Slate, no one was allowed to fight in Six Ren Divine City. Even the slightest bit of energy fluctuation could be punished by the Thousand Commandments Slate.
However, the Heaven-containing Palace's examination rules were a lot looser. Thus, Proof Gods could extract the True Yuan in their internal worlds and throw the White Jade Token. They wouldn't be punished by the slate.
However, when Luo Zheng threw the Divine City, Luo Zheng had directly hit the Palace's boundary, it had Divine City's Divine City. Although the short halberd didn't strike the barrier with much force, the Thousand Commandments Slate would recognize it as an 'invasion' and launch a counterattack of the highest level.
With the might of the Thousand Commandments Slate, if it were to counterattack with all its might, even Han Meng would be turned into ashes. Although Luo Tianxing's strength and talent were excellent, it was impossible for him to withstand such an attack. He would probably be turned into ashes in an instant!
.... There had never been a Proof God that could throw the White Jade Token to a height of 99 zhang!
Let alone a Proof of Divinity martial artist, even a middle True God would find it difficult to do so. This was because after reaching a height of 900 feet, the restrictive force would double for every 10 feet. As the multiplier increased, the restrictive force in that space would become extremely terrifying when one reached a height of 900 feet.
But Luo Zheng had done it so inconceivably. Han Meng was naturally shocked. In Han Meng's eyes, Luo Zheng was no different from the geniuses of the Floating Island. He was also the strongest Proof God he had seen since he was promoted to the Heaven-containing Palace.
If Luo Zheng really died under the Thousand Commandments Slate's punishment, Han Meng would regret it so much that his intestines would turn green.
"Zi zi …"
In the center of Six Ren Divine City, there was a green stone slab. This green stone slab was filled with small golden words. There were over a thousand of them. They were personally written by the Han Clan's Saint Emperor. They were the rules of the Han Clan's ancestral land!
Whenever someone triggered the Thousand Commandments Slate's rules, the small golden words would flash with light.
At that moment, one of the small words in the middle of the stone slab began to flash …
At the same time, a bolt of lightning appeared in the air above the stone slab. This bolt of lightning circled around in the air, then condensed into a small ball of lightning!
As the stone slab flashed with golden light, the ball of lightning grew rapidly. From the size of a fist, it grew to the size of a house!
"Pa pa pa …"
The outer layer of the ball of lightning was purplish blue, while the inner layer was deep black. It contained the power of the lightning punishment.
After it finished condensing, it headed straight for the Heavenly Palace, leaving behind a series of frightening sounds of thunder in the air.
Seeing Han Meng's expression, Luo Zheng had a bad feeling. The Extreme Evil Old Man also reminded him in his mind, "Luo Zheng, you better be careful. You seem to have triggered the Thousand Commandments Slate."
In the Mirror City, Luo Zheng had seen the power of the Ten Commandments Slate. The Thousand Commandments Slate in Six Ren Divine City was much stronger than the Ten Commandments Slate. He didn't expect the Heaven-containing Palace to be so careless. They clearly knew how dangerous it was to trigger the Ten Commandments Slate, so why would they do such a boring ranking test?
"Pi li pa la …"
The ear-piercing sound of thunder came from afar, and it came straight towards the Heaven-containing Palace.
Many quick-witted Proof Gods seemed to have understood something, and they scattered in all directions, avoiding Luo Zheng. They were afraid that they would be implicated by the punishment of the Thousand Commandments Slate. After the ball of lightning entered the Heaven-containing Palace's barrier, it smashed towards Luo Zheng's head!
The power contained in this lightning ball was enough to seriously injure or even kill an upper True God. The moment it entered the Heaven-containing Palace, the powerful lightning power formed a strange electric field that sucked in the 100,000 Proving Divinity martial artists in the Heaven-containing Palace.
There was only one thought in everyone's mind. That brat Luo Tianxing was going to suffer.
Most people didn't have any conflicts with Luo Zheng. After thinking it through, they felt sorry for Luo Zheng. This person had easily created an unimaginable record, and he would definitely have a bright future in the future. However, he died because of the Heaven-containing Palace's negligence. It was very sad.
However, in the eyes of Hulan Zhuo, Han Zhen, and the others, Luo Zheng deserved it.
From the moment Luo Zheng triggered the Thousand Commandments Slate to the moment it activated the punishment, only one or two breaths of time had passed.
When Old Chen heard that the Palace Master was going to use the Veto Order and compensate him, he was naturally happy. In fact, even if Han Meng didn't intend to compensate him, he would still save Luo Zheng's life. As the strongest True God in the Heaven-containing Palace, he was aware of this.
However, when Old Chen patted his waist lightly, his expression changed again. His old face was filled with a pale, bitter smile. "I don't have the Veto Order with me …"
Hearing Old Chen's words, Han Meng's heart sank. This time, he was really done for.
Just as the ball of lightning was about to hit Luo Zheng, at the critical moment, a young girl in a corner of the Heaven-containing Palace appeared.
In the corner, a little girl in green blinked her eyes. She tilted her head slightly and swung her lotus-like arm. A token appeared in her hand. The token was the same as the White Jade Token. It was thick at the top and thin at the bottom. However, the color and material were different. In the center of the token, there was a large word "Exempt" engraved on it.
This was the "Veto Order" of Six Ren Divine City!
These tokens were also made by the main branch of the Han Family. This Veto Order could negate most of the rules on the Thousand Commandments Slate.
However, the main branch of the Han Family also knew that if the Veto Order was allowed to spread, the Thousand Commandments Slate would become nothing more than a decoration. This concerned the safety of Six Ren Divine City, so the main branch of the Han Family rarely made Veto Orders. Right now, the price of a Veto Order in Six Ren Divine City had already risen to over twenty thousand Shenwu coins!
Even if one could afford twenty thousand Shenwu coins, a Veto Order was still difficult to obtain. Right now, even the Han Family branch only had three Veto Orders. Moreover, these three Veto Orders weren't in Han Meng's hands.
Old Chen had made great contributions to the Heaven-containing Palace in his early years. He had also helped the Sage Emperor find two disciples. Thus, the main branch of the Han Family personally gave him a Veto Order. Unfortunately, Old Chen didn't have it with him. Distant water couldn't quench a present thirst …
"Crackle …"
The lightning ball was only three to four feet away from Luo Zheng. Han Meng and the True Gods in the Heaven-containing Palace all subconsciously closed their eyes.
Luo Zheng was already prepared to use the Concentric Garment to protect himself. Then, he would do his best to defend against the lightning ball. Even though he felt that the chances were slim, he also felt a faint sense of irony. He actually encountered such an inexplicable situation!
Right at this moment, the Veto Order in the hands of the green clothed girl in the corner suddenly emitted a red light. It drilled out of the Heaven-containing Palace at an incredible speed, crossed over half of Six Ren Divine City, and hit the Thousand Commandments Slate. At the same time, the lightning ball strangely stopped above Luo Zheng's head. Even the lightning that surrounded the lightning ball was like thousands of little snakes that were instantly frozen solid.
Following a slight flash of light from the Thousand Commandments Slate, this rule was' rejected '. The lightning ball also began to rapidly disperse. All of the energy within it also disappeared without a trace …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1782
Luo Zheng stood in place. His body was tense, and he was still in a state of shock. His chest was heaving up and down, and his back was drenched in cold sweat.
If the lightning ball had descended another foot, he would have used all of his divine abilities to defend himself.
However, Luo Zheng knew that the power of the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet was enough to kill an upper True God. With his current cultivation, any resistance would be futile …
Because of this small accident, he had almost been killed. Luo Zheng really didn't expect this. If he really died in Six Ren Divine City, it would be too unjust!
Before the lightning ball disappeared, Luo Zheng saw a red light shoot out from a corner of the courtyard.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what that red light was, the disappearance of the lightning ball definitely had something to do with it!
He turned his head and saw a girl dressed in green standing at the corner of the wall. That girl had a simple ponytail, revealing her pure white neck. Her baby fat little face was full of spirit and beauty. Her hair was very long. Even though it was tied into a ponytail, the braid still hung down to her heels.
At this moment, it wasn't just Luo Zheng who was paying attention to her. Everyone's eyes were focused on her.
The eyes of a few young Proof of Divinity cultivators lit up when they saw this girl. Their hearts immediately thumped. At the same time, they were somewhat puzzled. A girl like this would attract countless gazes no matter where she appeared, but they hadn't seen her just now!
The attention of the Han Jia people, including all of the Dao Imparting True Gods, naturally wasn't on this girl. Their eyes were firmly fixed on her hand.
The girl's jade-like hands seemed to have been smeared with mutton fat. They were white and delicate, without a single wrinkle. She held a token in her hand. On the token was a large word, "Exempt." This was Han Jia's veto token.
Palace Lord Han Meng calmed himself down and let out a sigh of relief.
Just now, he thought that Luo Zheng was really going to die. He didn't expect this girl to make a move at that moment. It was truly out of his expectations.
Han Meng didn't recognize this girl, but how could someone with a Veto Token be an ordinary person? He already had some guesses in his heart, and a respectful look appeared on his face. He cupped his hands towards the little girl in green, "Miss, thank you for saving me just now."
The little girl blinked her bright eyes and waved her hand. "No need to thank me. Besides, I saved him. He should be the one thanking me."
"Yes, yes," Han Meng agreed. "This … Luo Tianxing, this girl used the Veto Order to save your life …" Han Meng guessed that this girl was most likely from the Han Family's main branch. As for why she wanted to return to the Han Family's ancestral grounds, and why she wanted to participate in the examination, he had no idea.
However, none of the people who had returned from the floating island could afford to be negligent.
Hearing Han Meng's words, Luo Zheng also cupped his hands towards the green-clothed girl and thanked her, "Many thanks to this young lady for saving my life."
The green-clothed girl glanced at Luo Zheng and waved the already activated Veto Token in her hand. She smiled slightly: "I heard that this token is very valuable. How can it be resolved with just a thank you? I saved your life. How are you going to repay me? "
She had returned to the ancestral grounds this time to pay respects to her ancestors.
A rich and powerful family like the Han Clan, after countless years, had already evolved into a huge power. The internal structure of the Han Clan was also very complicated. Other than the great ancestral worship that was held once every ten thousand years, many members of the main family would return to the ancestral grounds alone.
Moreover, this was the first time she had left the floating island. Everything in the Liuren Domain was very fresh to her. During this period of time, she had also toured the entire Liuren Divine City.
However, the scene that left the deepest impression on her was the scene of Hu Lan Zhuo challenging Luo Zheng in the Hanyue Building!
Along the way, Second Grandpa Hu had told her not to have any expectations for the Proof of Divinity cultivators in the ancestral grounds. Second Grandpa Hu had said that although the Divine Dominion was vast, in terms of strength, there were only two definitions: those outside the floating island and those inside the floating island.
Both were Proof of Divinity cultivators, but the ones inside the floating island could easily kill those outside the floating island. It was the same for lower True Gods and intermediate True Gods …
However, what had happened in the Hanyue Building was that the little bit of strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was enough to refute Second Grandpa Hu's point of view. Based on the little bit of strength that Luo Zheng had displayed, it was enough to instantly kill 90% of the Proof of Divinity cultivators on the floating island.
She and Second Grandpa Hu both knew that based on Luo Zheng's skillful control, his true strength was probably even higher. Wouldn't such a person be comparable to the true geniuses of the main family?
Because of this, she had developed quite a bit of interest in Luo Zheng. However, Second Grandpa Hu didn't allow her to interfere in this matter. He would naturally send people to investigate. In the end, she couldn't dissuade Second Grandpa Hu and could only give up.
After she went to the Great Spirit Tomb in the ancestral land of the Han Family to worship the ancestors, she still had plenty of time. Thinking that the big examination of the Heaven Containing Palace would be very lively, she begged Second Grandpa Hu to give her a spot and quietly entered the Heaven Containing Palace. Before entering the Heaven Containing Palace, Second Grandpa Hu even used a "Face Concealing Technique."
After this Face Concealing Technique was used, it could conceal a person's entire aura. Standing in a crowd, one wouldn't be conspicuous at all. It would be very difficult for bystanders to notice.
Therefore, when she entered the Heaven Containing Palace, no one noticed that there was such a little girl in the corner.
After staying in the Heaven Containing Palace for a while, she saw Luo Zheng slowly walk in. However, she didn't expect that Luo Zheng's throw of the black short halberd would directly trigger the Thousand Commandments Slate!
The little girl obviously knew the power of the Thousand Commandments Slate. When the slate's punishment came crashing down, Luo Zheng would most likely die without a doubt. In her heart, she already had the thought of using the Veto Decree. However, when she heard that Palace Master Han Meng had asked "Old Chen" to use the Veto Decree, she immediately dismissed that thought.
She absolutely didn't expect that "Old Chen" would say that he didn't have the Veto Decree with him at the crucial moment.
Therefore, the little girl fiercely glared at Old Chen. In her heart, she cursed, "Why didn't you say you didn't have it earlier?" Only then did she activate the Veto Decree and negate the Thousand Commandments Slate's punishment.
"How to repay …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He suddenly had a strange feeling.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't know how to respond, Han Meng hurriedly said, "Our Han Family branch still has a few Veto Decrees. After the exam, I'll have someone return them to you. What do you think?"
After hearing this, the little girl said, "The Veto Decree is easy to say. It's not like it's some rare object. But I saved his life. According to the rules, his life is mine, right? So he's one of my people, right? "
When these words came out of the mouth of this naïve little girl, everyone's face was filled with astonishment.
Luo Zheng was also completely speechless …
Saving a life was admittedly a great favor, but that didn't mean that the life saved belonged to a certain person …
This was the first time this little girl had left the floating island. She originally didn't know much about worldly affairs. Because Grandpa Hu had followed her and taken care of her, she hadn't caused any trouble. Now that she had entered the Heaven Containing Palace, it wasn't suitable for Grandpa Hu to follow her. Therefore, she began to talk nonsense.

Chapter 1783
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Manor Head Han Meng, neither of them took her words to heart. They only thought that she was spouting nonsense. p
However, Han Meng didn't dare offend this little girl. He laughed and changed the topic, "Which branch of the main family do you come from?" p
There were three main branches on the floating island of the Han Family. They were the spirit supplementing branch, the qing branch, and the di yuan branch. These three branches were the backbone of the Han Family. They controlled the floating island together. p
When the little girl heard Han Meng's question, she looked confused, "What branch? I don't know either … "
"You don't know?" Han Meng's face froze. The other true gods were also surprised. p
Even they, as members of the Han Family branch, knew the three branches like the back of their hands. If this little girl really did come from the Han Family floating island, how could she not know? Could it be that they guessed wrong? p
Han Meng thought for a moment, then changed his question, "Little girl, if you don't know which branch of the main family you come from, do you know who your father is?" p
"You want to know who my father is?" The little girl in green suddenly realized, "You should have asked earlier. My father is …"
"Hu …"
She didn't expect that halfway through her sentence, a gust of wind would blow in from outside the Heavenly Palace.
In an instant, an old man appeared in the Heavenly Palace. p
"Grandpa Hu," seeing the old man, the little girl in green smiled, "Didn't you say you were waiting for me outside?" p
Grandpa Hu shook his head at the little girl in green, then turned to Han Meng and said indifferently, "You're the Heavenly Palace's master? As a member of the Han Family branch, do you know that there are some questions you can't ask? " p
Being questioned by this old man, Han Meng's eyes flashed. He was unconvinced. Although he knew this little girl was from the main family, how could he not ask clearly? Just as he was about to open his mouth to explain, he saw the old man gently lift up his clothes, revealing a small green sword at his waist. This small sword was carved out of jade. The surface of the sword was densely hollowed out. The craftsmanship was very complicated. p
When Han Meng saw the small green sword, his expression suddenly changed. His face was filled with awe, and he immediately knelt on one knee and cupped his hands. "Han Meng of the Han Family's thirteen branches greets you!" p
Not only Han Meng, but Han Xuan, Han Zhen, and the others also recognized the small green sword. Like Han Meng, they knelt on one knee and paid their respects to the old man. p
"Han Zhen, one of the nine branches of the Han Family, pays his respects!" p
"Han Xuan, one of the three branches of the Han Family, pays his respects …"
"…"
Every disciple with the surname Han kneeled on the ground. p
The people in Han Jia, including the true gods and the testimonies, didn't know what was going on. p
Luo Zheng faintly glanced at the small green sword. He thought that it was most likely related to the small green sword. It didn't have much to do with him. p
Luo Zheng's guess was right. p
The floating island of the Han Family's main branch was like a huge kingdom. Any disciple that came out of the floating island had a much higher status than the disciples of the Han Family's branches in Liuren Divine City. However, the difference in status between the disciples of the main branch was also very large. p
The floating island was like a kingdom, and the Holy Emperor of the Han Family was naturally the king. p
However, the Holy Emperor's whereabouts were hidden. He only showed his face once every tens of thousands of years. Although some of the Han Family's disciples had the blood of the Holy Emperor, they might not have the chance to see the Holy Emperor in their entire lives …
However, there were some people in the Han Family who had special status. They had the right to meet the Holy Emperor directly. p
These people didn't have high status in the Han Family. They didn't even have any jobs, but no one dared to ignore them. And these people had a small green sword on them. p
This small green sword meant that the old man, or perhaps the girl in green, was one of the Holy Emperor's people. It could reach the heavens! p
Therefore, the people of the Han Family didn't pay their respects to the old man. They paid their respects to the small green sword on his waist. p
Grandpa Hu didn't pay much attention to them. He turned to the young miss and said, "Young miss, you said that if your identity was exposed, you would have to go home with grandpa …"
"No," the girl in green didn't wait for Grandpa Hu to finish before she rejected him. p
Grandpa Hu shook his head. "Young miss, you have to keep your promise." Although Grandpa Hu was a servant, his tone was very firm. There was no room for negotiation. p
The girl in green probably knew that she couldn't change his mind. Her beautiful eyes stared fiercely at Luo Zheng. She pouted. "Then bring this brat back with you! If it wasn't for saving him, I wouldn't have been exposed! " p
When she said this, the eyes of the Han Family's disciples flashed. They sighed inwardly at Luo Tianxing's good luck. This was Han Family's floating island. It was their life's goal. If they could really go to the floating island with this unknown young miss, then they would reach the heavens in a single step! p
When Han Meng and the other true gods heard this, they became anxious. p
A genius like Luo Tianxing had appeared before the examination had even begun, so Han Meng had high hopes for Luo Zheng. If Luo Tianxing really did become a disciple of the Sage Emperor in the future, Han Meng would benefit greatly, and the status of the Han family branch would be preserved for the time being. p
If he really was taken away by this girl, then it would be very bad for the Han Family! p
Before Grandpa Hu could speak, Han Meng gathered his courage and said, "This person came to the Han Family. He should be accepted by the Han Family. How can we just take him away like that?" p
Second Grandpa Hu looked at Han Meng and revealed a meaningful look. At the same time, he said, "We have no interest in him, but this person does indeed have extraordinary talent. I also hope to see him on the floating island one day." p
"Grandpa Hu." The little girl in green frowned. p
However, Hu Second Grandpa didn't allow any explanation. He reached out and a horsetail whisk appeared in his hand. He gently waved the horsetail whisk and a cloud of dust appeared. Accompanied by gusts of wind, Hu Second Grandpa and the green-clothed girl disappeared in front of everyone's eyes. p
After the two left, Han Meng and the others let out a sigh of relief. The stiff muscles on their faces relaxed. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, Han Meng was a bit embarrassed …
In the eyes of many, his Heaven-containing Province was extremely proud. Even though Han Meng had long since taken a liking to Luo Zheng and was determined to bring him into the Heaven-containing Province, he still had to participate in the entire examination process. However, when he had fought with the green-clothed girl just now, his true intentions had been revealed without a doubt. It seemed that he had cut off Luo Zheng's path to the floating island. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would blame him. p
"This … Luo Tianxing, if you enter the Han Family with your talent, you will be able to enter the Han Family's floating island in a few years," Han Meng explained. p
Seeing Han Meng, a middle true god, explain things to him so politely, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. The rules of the god region and the Great Yan Universe might be completely different, but in terms of the ways of the world, they were almost exactly the same. p
"Mansion Lord, I, Luo Tianxing, am indeed going to the floating island. However, I have already planned my own path. Entering the Han Family is a necessary step. There are some shortcuts in this world, but I may not be willing to take them," Luo Zheng said with a smile. p
Hearing this, Han Meng's eyes lit up. He couldn't help but praise, "Good ambition! With this kind of mentality, there is nothing in this world that is difficult for you! " p
Han Meng's words came from the bottom of his heart, but others might not think so. p
That's a chance to enter the floating island ah ….
If the Mansion Lord didn't stop him, Luo Zheng would really be like a fish leaping over the dragon gate. p
Entering the floating island was an unattainable dream for the hundred thousand Proving Divinity experts present. And Luo Zheng was only one step away from this dream! p
"I think this Luo Zheng is swallowing his teeth and blood!" p
"You say it so easily. After losing this chance, you want to enter the floating island again? In your dreams … "
"The Han Family has so many geniuses every year. They are far stronger than the average Proving Divinity expert, but they still don't have the qualifications. Back then, the Han Family branch, Han Xiaotian, was rejected by the floating island. Do you think you can enter the floating island just because you want to? Don't take shortcuts? What a beautiful way to put it … "
These people stood in different positions, and their thoughts were ultimately different. p

Chapter 1784
Now, everyone had already thrown their White Jade Tokens into the sky above the Heaven-Containing Mansion, and there was an order. p
The old man surnamed Chen walked out with a roll of yellow paper in his hand. p
He opened the roll of yellow paper, pointed it at the sky above the Heaven-Containing Palace, and gently blew …
The White Jade Tokens hanging above the Heaven-Containing Palace began to flash with a green light. Every time a White Jade Token flashed, a name and location appeared on the roll of yellow paper. p
The first shining White Jade Token was Han Zhen's. Therefore, Han Zhen's name was also high up, at the top of the yellow paper. As for the others, their names appeared one by one on the yellow paper, according to the different height, in order of precedence. p
Not long after, this roll of yellow paper had already recorded the names and origins of the 100,000 Divine Martial Artists present. p
Since Luo Zheng didn't throw the White Jade Token, but the black short halberd, his name wouldn't appear on the yellow paper. p
Of course, the old man surnamed Chen would not neglect Luo Zheng. He took out an ink brush and lightly shook it, causing a little bit of black ink to spill out from the tip of the ink brush. With a few strokes, he wrote the words "Luo Tianxing, Vast Sky Domain, Meng Village" on the yellow paper. p
Luo Zheng's name was at the top, above Han Zhen's. p
Although Han Zhen wasn't happy, Luo Zheng had easily thrown the black short halberd to a height of ninety-nine zhang, so he could only accept it. p
Just as Han Xuan had said, as the children of the Han family branch, they were born with a huge advantage. No matter if it was bloodline or talent, they were far stronger than ordinary warriors. Once they proved the Divine Way and became true gods, they would be far stronger than ordinary true gods. p
But the Han Clan also needed to strengthen its position. A closed off rich family would be eliminated sooner or later. p
In the past, some rich families on the floating islands were completely closed off. They even stipulated that their children couldn't marry outsiders. Many important positions didn't allow outsiders to participate in. The consequences of these closed off methods wouldn't appear for one or two god eras, but after ten god eras, the ranking of these rich families on the floating islands dropped again and again. There was even a precedent of a floating island falling into the sea of time. p
The wealthy clans of the floating island were quite open-minded. Even if it was an outsider, as long as they could be used by the clan, they would treat them equally in many matters. p
After Old Man Chen finished organizing the list, he took the yellow paper and left. p
Mansion Master Han Meng took down the black short halberd and returned it to Luo Zheng. He then informed everyone in the Heavenly Mansion, "Everyone, please wait for another hour. After an hour, please move to my Heavenly Mansion's inner courtyard's Divine Inquiry Palace!" After saying that, he left. He needed to prepare a lot of things for the Heavenly Court's examination, so he didn't have much free time. p
Seeing that Luo Zheng had nothing to do, the old man surnamed Wu finally stepped forward and smiled at Luo Zheng. "There's something that this old man has to say. I want to know if the Black Gold Taboo Breaking Technique that you taught me was really created by you or taught by someone else?" p
In the eyes of this group of True Gods, Luo Zheng's talent was comparable to the elites of the wealthy clans on the floating islands. Although Grandpa Hu didn't take Luo Zheng away, what he said before he left was very significant. He should have concluded that Luo Zheng was qualified to enter the floating island. p
In the eyes of the old man surnamed Wu, this kind of genius probably had the ability to comprehend and create such an ingenious technique …
The Black Gold Taboo Breaking Technique was originally taught to Luo Zheng by the Evil Old Man. Luo Zheng naturally didn't want to take the credit for it. He just shook his head and said, "It was indeed taught by that senior …"
"I wonder what kind of person that senior is to be able to teach such a talented disciple. He's probably at the peak of the Perfected Realm …" The old man surnamed Wu sighed. p
"Perfected Realm …"
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. At the same time, the Evil Old Man laughed proudly in Luo Zheng's mind. p
"Hahaha, I'm lucky to be seen as a Perfected Realm expert. It's worth teaching him the Black Gold Taboo Breaking Technique," the Evil Old Man laughed. p
Only when one reached the peak of the True God Realm would one be considered a Perfected Realm expert. Only after reaching the Perfected Realm would one be qualified to become a Saint. p
"However, this old man is probably trying to get some information out of you to find out more about that expert senior you made up. Hehe," Old Man Evil reminded at the same time. p
Luo Zheng could also tell that the old man surnamed Wu seemed to be very interested in the "senior" he mentioned. p
There were indeed many "seniors" who taught Luo Zheng. Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, Jiu Sheng, and even the Craftsman Sage were all his seniors. However, these people's identities were too sensitive. How could Luo Zheng reveal anything? p
Sure enough, the old man surnamed Wu asked a few more questions, all of which were about the characteristics of that senior. Luo Zheng didn't immediately refuse, and just randomly made up some physical characteristics and personality. Seeing that the old man surnamed Wu seemed to be in deep thought, he was probably trying to figure out who this nonexistent senior was. "Senior, an hour passed in the blink of an eye. p
The old man surnamed Chen returned and announced to everyone, "Everyone, please follow me to the backyard of the Heaven-Containing Mansion!" p
After speaking, the old man surnamed Chen turned and left. p
Then, under the arrangements of these True Gods, the Proof of Divinity cultivators moved to the backyard of the Heaven-Containing Mansion one after another. p
The interior of the Heaven-Containing Mansion was very spacious and everything was planned in an orderly manner. There were quite a number of 100,000 Proof of Divinity cultivators, but they still entered in an orderly manner. p
Luo Zheng followed the crowd and walked forward. Along the way, there were many Proof of Divinity cultivators who came up to Luo Zheng to express their goodwill. These Proof of Divinity cultivators were the descendants of many aristocratic families. After realizing the value of Luo Zheng, they naturally understood the importance of befriending him. If in the future Luo Zheng could enter the floating island and return, his influence would be far greater than before. p
Luo Zheng only gave a simple reply. In any case, he did not expect to stay in Six Ren Divine City for long. p
"Luo, Luo Tianxing …"
At this time, a Proof of Divinity cultivator suddenly approached him and whispered. p
Luo Zheng turned to look. It was a young man in his early twenties. He had a very stocky figure and a somewhat uneasy expression. p
"You are …" Luo Zheng did not recognize this person. p
"My surname is Tie, my name is Tie Yan," the young man said with a smile. p
"Tie Family?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. p
Tie Yan hurriedly nodded and said, "My sister didn't intend to scam you that day when she sold you a piece of mud. After the examination, I can come out and ask her to return some Shenwu coins to you …"
Tie Yan's talent and strength were not bad. He was at least the top of the Tie Family's third generation. However, he was not ranked in the top 50. p
He had heard about how Tie Lin had sold a piece of mud for a sky-high price before the examination. He naturally paid attention to the ranking since he was going to participate as well. He felt extremely uneasy after hearing about the events that had happened in the main courtyard of the Heaven's Containing Mansion. p
Tie Lin's mouth was indeed eloquent. However, selling a piece of mud for 500 Shenwu coins and scamming Luo Tianxing was definitely not a good thing. p
However, five hundred Shenwu coins was still a huge sum to the Tie Family. Even if Tie Yan wanted to return it all, he didn't know if the elders would agree. Therefore, he said that he would only return a portion of it. He didn't have the authority to decide how much he would return. He wanted to show his goodwill. p
However, Luo Zheng did not care about a mere 500 Shenwu coins …
The Evil Old Man said that Shenwu coins had great uses. However, Luo Zheng did not care about the use of Shenwu coins. Since he had spent so much Shenwu coins to condense a crystal, he knew that there was a way to condense godhood. From this point alone, 500 Shenwu coins was indeed worth it! p
"There's no need to return it," Luo Zheng said faintly. p
Seeing Luo Zheng reject the matter, Tie Yan panicked. "This must be …"
"There's really no need. However, I have another request," Luo Zheng said. p
He had originally planned to wait until after the examination to find the Tie Family girl. However, it seemed that he could avoid it now. That girl's brother seemed much more honest. This was an opportunity. p
"You have a request?" Tie Yan was startled. p
Luo Zheng nodded and said seriously, "I wonder where your Tie Family dug up that piece of mud. After the examination, do you have time to take me to see it?" p
"That piece of mud?" p
The surprise in Tie Yan's eyes deepened. Even though his second uncle kept saying that the mud was good stuff, he did not believe it. In his eyes, it was just a piece of ordinary mud. p
From Luo Tianxing's words, it seemed that he still wanted to find the mud. What was the use of it? p
/p
＝＝＝＝＝/p

Chapter 1785
In the Domain of the Gods, the study of all kinds of materials was very thorough. p
For example, the cheapest Black Winter Grass. Take the lower half of it and boil it into glue. When refining pills, it can form an excellent "Pill Foundation". It can fuse most of the ingredients in the pill. So, although this material can be seen everywhere, some seventh and even eighth level golden pills need it. p
The most expensive materials are sky-high prices, such as the "Winged Dragon Horn". Through this horn, ancient illusions can be stimulated. Through time, one can achieve the highest level of enlightenment …
All kinds of tricky materials and the use of substances have been studied over countless God Epochs. Other than the depths of the forbidden areas, there are not many secrets in the Domain of the Gods. p
But the mud dug up by the Tie family, other than the initial trace of spirituality, there is nothing special about it. After several tests, the results were the same. In the end, Tie Yan's uncles gave up. p
Now that Luo Tianxing asked again, Tie Yan was even more puzzled. If that was the case, then the mud was indeed very useful to him. p
No matter what the mud is used for, it seems that only Luo Zheng needs it. So, Tie Yan agreed. He is not as scheming as his sister Tie Lin. If Tie Lin is here, she will inevitably extort a large amount of Shenwu coins from Luo Zheng. p
As the two talked, they followed the flow of people into the backyard of the Heavenly Han Mansion. p
The backyard is also a wide field, but in the center of the field, there is a building half buried in the ground. The building has a unique shape, it looks like a wide well, but there is a black entrance in front of it. From the entrance, there is a wisp of green smoke slowly floating out. p
Luo Zheng's nose twitched slightly. He knows that there is someone burning incense in the building. p
When all the Proof of Divinity warriors have gathered in the backyard, a figure came out. It is the Mansion Master Han Meng who left before. He smiled at the crowd and said, "I believe that many of you have participated in my Heavenly Han Mansion's examination for the first time. You have a good understanding of our Heavenly Han Mansion's Temple of Inquiry, but I still want to talk about the rules." p
Among the Proof Divinity martial artists who participated in the examination of the Heaven Containing Mansion, a considerable portion of them had participated more than ten times, or even dozens of times in the examination. Some of the Proof Divinity martial artists had been defeated time and time again, but they kept on fighting. They had become familiar faces in the Heaven Containing Mansion. p
However, there would always be a portion of them participating in the examination for the first time. If they were not careful in the Temple of Inquiry, it would be very dangerous. p
Luo Zheng had only been in Liuren Divine City for a short period of time. Although he had done some homework, he didn't have a thorough understanding of the city. p
"This Divine Inquiry Palace was built by our Han Clan's Saint Emperor. It has been twenty-three divine eras, and the entire palace has sunk one zhang into the ground …"
According to Han Meng, the Divine Temple had been built a long time ago. Back then, the Han Clan hadn't reached Saint Ascension yet. However, back then, the Han Clan's Saint Emperor had already reached the peak of Saint Ascension. The Han Clan was one of the top second-tier clans. p
There were over 300 dao steles in the Ask God Palace, which included one-tenth of all the dao steles in the Divine Realm. p
Of course, all of the Dao tablets were just imitations. p
Creating a fake dao tablet was not an easy task. Even if a true god got too close to a dao tablet, they would still be injured by the dao tablet. Although the dao contained in the fake dao tablet was not as strong as the real dao tablet, it could still test the talent of a martial artist who had proven divinity. At the very least, it could tell which dao path this martial artist was most suited to walk. p
At that time, with Han Jia's strength, it was indeed a difficult task to organize a Divine Inquiry Hall like this. Every Dao Stele had been created by Han Jia's upper true gods bit by bit. They also contained their understanding of the divine dao. p
Now, the Han Clan didn't need the Divine Inquiry Palace anymore. The Divine Inquiry Palace was left to the Han Clan's branch. In the end, the Divine Inquiry Palace was controlled by the Divine Inquiry Palace. p
"These dao tablets were built too long ago. The dao contained in them has changed slightly. If you can't withstand the pressure, don't force yourself. In the past, there were always some cultivators who clenched their teeth and forced themselves to endure. In the best case, their cultivation would be greatly damaged, and in the worst case, they would die on the spot. If something happens, the Divine Inquiry Palace won't be responsible!" p
This has happened many times before. p
The biggest dream of countless Proof of Divinity martial artists was to enter the Heaven-Containing Palace. They all carried the ardent hopes of their elders. Some extreme Proof of Divinity martial artists were unable to comprehend the Dao Connotation within, and were unable to obtain the recognition of the Dao Stele. However, they still gritted their teeth and persevered. In the end, their souls were scattered by the Dao Connotation within. p
Some second and third rate clan leaders were depressed and went to the Divine Inquiry Palace. Although these clans didn't dare offend the Han Clan, they still caused a huge commotion. The Divine Inquiry Palace lost face. p
Now, before entering the Divine Inquiry Palace, Han Meng, as the Palace Master, had to remind them not to force themselves. If they really died or were injured, the Palace wouldn't be responsible. p
After Han Meng finished speaking, he turned to look at Luo Zheng. "According to the rules of the Heaven-containing Mansion, the first place can enter first. Luo Tian Xing, please." Han Meng gestured with his hand. p
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the Divine Inquiry Palace. p
After Luo Zheng entered the Divine Inquiry Palace, the surroundings darkened. The smell of incense became stronger and stronger. p
"This is soul-waking incense," the Extreme Evil Old Man said coldly. p
"What's the use of it?" Luo Zheng asked. p
The Extreme Evil Old Man chuckled. "It's a generous gift from the Heaven-containing Prefecture. This Soul-Awakening Incense isn't a cheap item. It can make one's soul more sensitive. Naturally, one's comprehension of the Dao would be more sensitive … I don't remember the Heaven-containing Prefecture being so generous in the past. p
The Extreme Evil Old Man didn't participate in the Divine Inquiry Palace's examination. When he was qualified to roam the Vast Sky Domain, he was already a lower true god. A true god like the Extreme Evil Old Man was considered unorthodox among the wealthy clans of the floating island. Therefore, some of the wealthy clans' disciples were left to grow up freely in the divine territory. p
The Extreme Evil Old Man's judgment was very accurate. Everyone in the Han Family branch was very anxious. After all, the Divine Inquiry Palace hadn't produced a truly outstanding genius for a long time. The 16 elites who were recommended to the Han Family floating island in the last round were all defeated. The few leaders of the Han Family branch were also ridiculed by the main family …
This soul-waking incense could increase a warrior's comprehension for a short period of time. It was also a supplementary method. The Han Family branch was anxious to find a batch of elites who could enter the main family's eyes during this "New Year's". p
"It has such an effect …" Luo Zheng took a deep breath. The thick incense burrowed into Luo Zheng's nose. However, Luo Zheng didn't feel any change. He only felt a trace of coolness in his mind. However, that coolness disappeared as soon as it entered his soul. p
"Heh, this soul-waking incense has a miraculous effect on the dark green Battle Soul. It has some effect on the silver Battle Soul. Its effect on the gold Battle Soul is negligible. With your soul realm … it's naturally useless." The Extreme Evil Old Man shook his head and smiled. p
Luo Zheng had forgotten about this point. p
The soul cultivation of the warriors outside was very weak. This soul-waking incense had the miraculous effect of increasing their comprehension. It was naturally the best for them. p
Luo Zheng was the first to enter the Temple of Inquiry. The soul-waking incense was also the strongest. p
As the hundred thousand people gradually entered the Temple of Inquiry, the soul-waking incense would be slowly absorbed and diluted. Therefore, the higher the ranking, the more soul-waking incense they could absorb. However, it was a bit of a waste for Luo Zheng …
He hadn't even taken a few steps when a series of hurried footsteps came from behind him. It was the second ranked Han Zhen. p
After entering the Temple of Inquiry, Han Zhen greedily took in deep breaths. It was as if he wanted to suck in all the soul-waking incense floating around into his stomach. He suddenly noticed that Luo Zheng turned around and looked at him indifferently. His eyes suddenly emitted a trace of ferocity! But now that he had absorbed the Soul Awakening Incense, his mind was incomparably clear. He instantly thought of the warning Han Xuan had given him, and an ominous glint flashed in his eyes. p
However, he still didn't like Luo Zheng. He nodded at Luo Zheng indifferently and even reminded him in a low voice, "Those who are ranked at the top have the right to choose the best seats. Don't blame me for not reminding you!" After that, he walked past Luo Zheng and went deep into the temple. p

Chapter 1786
Luo Zheng had only taken a few steps when urgent footsteps came from behind him. It was the third ranked Han Xuan. p
Han Xuan looked at Luo Zheng's unhurried manner, his face full of confusion. How did Han Zhen run in front of this guy? p
When passing by Luo Zheng, Han Xuan and Luo Zheng looked at each other indifferently. Han Xuan gave him a polite smile and quickly left. p
Han Xuan's personality was much deeper than Han Zhen's. He saw many things more clearly. He also didn't have a good impression of Luo Zheng, but he wouldn't take the initiative to provoke Luo Zheng. At least on the surface, he still had to be polite. However, entering the Ask God Temple depended on one's own ability. He didn't need to be like Han Zhen and foolishly remind Luo Zheng of anything …
After entering the Temple of Inquiry, there was only a narrow slope that led downwards at a small angle. Luo Zheng's speed was neither fast nor slow, so the Proof of Divinity martial artists who were ranked at the top overtook Luo Zheng. p
These Prove Divinity martial artists were all elites of large clans. When they passed by Luo Zheng, their actions were the same as Han Xuan's. They didn't dare offend Luo Zheng, and they didn't give Luo Zheng any pointers. In their hearts, they even mocked Luo Zheng. His slow speed was wasting the advantage of being first place …
"Heaven Containing Palace inherited the Han Family's heritage. It really can't be underestimated. Unfortunately, the Han Family's branch didn't manage well. These years, they didn't have much success." p
While Luo Zheng was looking at the Ask God Temple, Old Man Extreme Evil also sighed. p
Although this Ask God Temple was ancient, the carvings left behind on the walls were still of uncanny craftsmanship. They were majestic, and all kinds of ancient legends were drawn on them. There was a sacred feather bird forming a rainbow bridge, and there was also a creation axe …
"If the Han Family became a saint, they would naturally move all the elites of the Han Family to the floating island. What would be left behind would only be the branch of the Han Family. What could this branch of the Han Family do?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. p
"Hehe, you can tell just by looking at my family's attitude. Back in the day, I traveled to the ancestral lands of the other major families in God's Domain, but their circumstances were much better than Han Jia's …"
Some of the Ancestral Lands of the Great Clans were still taken care of by the main family. There were even examples of people becoming Saints again. Looking back at the Han Clan, the Proving Divinity cultivators who participated in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination were looked down upon by the main family of the Han Clan. Even the Evil Old Man found it difficult to enter their eyes. p
"Look at the attitude of the Heaven-Containing Mansion's Mansion Master towards you. Hehe, it's as if he's picked up a life-saving straw …" Old Man Extreme Evil continued, "It seems that it won't be long before he hurriedly recommends you to the floating island, even before you attain the divine way." p
Although the Evil Old Man didn't say much just now, he was hidden in Luo Zheng's mind and could clearly see what was going on outside. p
As the two chatted, they followed the long slope all the way to the bottom. It was still pitch black in the distance, immersed in the darkness. Only a few faint lights floated around, barely enough to guide the way. In the middle of the path, there was a row of green bricks that formed a horizontal line. p
When Luo Zheng crossed the row of green bricks, he felt a very complicated aura coming from all directions towards him! p
"Aura … or Taoist Connotation." The corner of Luo Zheng's eye twitched. p
Aura was just a description for the power of faith in the True God's Inner World. Condensing the aura into one's own understanding was called Taoist Connotation. p
For example, Luo Zheng used that piece of mud to create a large "sword cloud". The aura contained within the sword cloud could also become Taoist Connotation. p
In God's Domain, the purest Taoist Connotation was naturally the tablets that recorded all kinds of divine ways. The tablets in the Temple of Inquiry were just replicas made by Han Jia. p
When he heard Han Meng's words, Luo Zheng didn't think much of it. After all, the tablets in the Temple of Inquiry were just replicas. After the Taoist Connotation was comprehended on its own, it was slightly different from the original tablets. The Taoist Connotation hidden within was naturally far inferior. p
But after Luo Zheng crossed the line, under the onslaught of the aura, the last trace of contempt in his heart disappeared without a trace. p
It wasn't a coincidence that Han Jia could produce a Saint. This was the accumulation of a rich and powerful family. With this kind of accumulation, there should be a second or even a third Saint. Unfortunately, Han Jia's branch didn't produce such a person. In the past thousand years, they couldn't even produce a single disciple. This was why the Evil Old Man felt that Han Jia's branch had declined. p
The Taoist Connotation exerted on Luo Zheng was very complicated. It was a kind of aura formed by many Taoist Connotations stacked together …
As Luo Zheng continued to move forward, this complicated aura grew stronger and stronger. However, it didn't pose much of a hindrance to Luo Zheng. He still maintained a steady pace. p
At this time, more people overtook Luo Zheng. Seeing how slow he was walking, they all thought that this guy's soul was weak and couldn't withstand the aura. Some of the Proof of Divinity cultivators showed off in front of Luo Zheng and sped up. p
Luo Zheng naturally knew what these people were thinking. He still had a faint smile on his face. The Heaven-containing Province's examination was like a hundred boats competing against each other. Everyone was doing their best to occupy a good position, hoping to gain the favor of the Heaven-containing Province. p
But Luo Zheng was no longer on the same level as them. The things they were fighting for were meaningless to him. p
After about half an hour, the aura had grown ten times stronger than before. A huge temple appeared in front of Luo Zheng. This was the real Heaven-seeking Temple! p
Huge steles of Dao stood on the ground. Words flowed across the steles. Each stele glowed with a different color, and the words were different as well. Some of the words looked like coiling snakes, while others looked like they had been carved with a knife. Clearly, these steles had not been written by the same person. p
Below these dao tablets, there was a narrow staircase. It was like a small hill, and the dao tablets stood at the top. p
Although Luo Zheng had seen all kinds of strange things in his life, seeing this scene, his eyes were still quite shocked! p
"Just the imitation tablets are enough to capture people's souls. I don't know what the real tablets are like." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Since he entered the G.o.d Domain, he hadn't been able to personally observe the real tablets. p
At this point, Luo Zheng was still walking slowly. p
The Proof of Divinity cultivators who had surpassed Luo Zheng before also slowed down. Several of them were dripping with sweat, and white fog was coming out of their heads. p
These Proof of Divinity cultivators were already considered outstanding existences in the Heaven-containing Mansion. After all, there were only a hundred people who had surpassed Luo Zheng. These Proof of Divinity cultivators were naturally ranked in the top one hundred …
Although there was still some distance between them and the tablets, to resist the Dao essence on the tablets was still a burden for them. p
Only Luo Zheng was walking leisurely. When he overtook these Proof of Divinity cultivators, there was still a faint smile on his face. The Proof of Divinity cultivators who had previously ridiculed Luo Zheng in their hearts now understood that it wasn't that this guy couldn't walk fast, but that he simply couldn't be bothered to compete with them …
According to Mansion Master Han Meng, there were a total of 327 imitation tablets in the Temple of Inquiry. p
These tablets were not built here for them to completely absorb the Dao essence within. Many Proof of Divinity cultivators who had observed them for a hundred years might not be able to comprehend the Dao essence within. Any Proof of Divinity cultivator only needed to obtain the recognition of these imitation tablets to be accepted by the Heaven-containing Mansion! p
This requirement seemed simple, but there weren't many people who could truly accomplish it. Every year, twenty people would appear, which was already considered a lot. This year was the year of the Heaven-containing Mansion's examination, so there might be more people, but it was estimated that there wouldn't be more than thirty people. p
"This … is the tablet of the Five Elements Divine Dao," Luo Zheng stood below the first tablet and looked up. p
From this tablet, Luo Zheng could feel a thick Dao essence of the Five Elements. p
The Five Elements Divine Dao was one of the most widely cultivated Divine Daos in the Realm of the Gods. Many martial artists had already climbed up the stairs. The higher they climbed, the stronger the Dao Essence pressure they faced. However, there were more than a dozen Proof of Divinity martial artists on the stairs. In order to seize a better position, they silently and slowly climbed up. p
"Get lost!" p
One of the Proof of Divinity cultivators pushed another person down. These stairs were very narrow and could only accommodate one person. When they had climbed to the limit, they naturally had to fight for the same position. Because of this, a dispute arose. p

Chapter 1787
The Dao tablets in the entire Ask God Temple were arranged according to the same distance. p
Therefore, the closer one got to the Dao tablets, the greater the influence of the Dao, but it also allowed one to communicate with the tablets more clearly. p
But if one got too close, they would be injured by the Qi. All the Proof of Divinity martial artists would keep a suitable distance, which was the limit of their tolerance …
Most of the Proof of Divinity martial artists had similar soul strength, but the steps on the Dao tablets were narrow and the space was limited, so those who entered first could often choose a good position, and those who came later could only be further away from the Dao tablets. p
Luo Zheng followed the winding path below and passed through several Dao tablets. On the steps of these Dao tablets, there were also some Proof of Divinity martial artists gathered. p
The Proof of Divinity martial artist called Han Zhen was in front of the sixth Dao tablet on the right. p
The words on the Dao tablet emitted a faint blue light, exuding a biting chill. p
The chilliness looked very gentle, but Han Zhen's face was deathly pale beneath the Dao stele. His teeth creaked, and a layer of white frost condensed all over his body, wrapping around him like a transparent hard shell. p
"Snow Imprint Divine Dao …"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly, this was not the Divine Dao he was looking for. p
In fact, Luo Zheng also knew that he cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, but since the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was listed as a forbidden Dao in the Divine Domain, it was probably difficult to find in this Ask God Temple. There were three thousand Divine Daos in the Divine Domain, and in this Ask God Temple only included one-tenth of them. p
However, since he had come in, he naturally wanted to broaden his horizons. He wanted to see how exquisite the Taoist accumulations of these top True Gods were. p
The deeper he went into the Ask God Temple, the fewer Proof of Divinity martial artists there were. p
The outermost Dao tablets were the Divine Daos with the most people. The deeper he went, the more unpopular the Divine Daos he encountered. Although these unpopular Divine Daos were also extraordinary, they were more difficult to comprehend. Ordinary Proof of Divinity martial artists rarely chose these Divine Daos. p
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally stopped in front of a Dao tablet...
The stele of Dao emitted layers of purple mist, which transformed into all kinds of unique shapes. There were elegant horses galloping on the stele of Dao, eagles spreading their wings and circling around the stele of Dao, and purple sword shadows transforming into thousands of sword formations that constantly evolved. p
"This aura …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly. p
Luo Zheng was very familiar with this kind of aura. When Xi Youqin was controlling the sword array, it would dissipate. p
In the Great Yan Universe, Xi Youqin seemed to only know how to control sword matrices. This seemed to be the gift of the Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, the Extreme Purple Realm was clearly a realm of its own. Therefore, the Extreme Purple Yin Body did not simply encompass sword matrices. p
In addition to Xi Youqin, Luo Yan also seemed to have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, Luo Yan's constitution should have been bestowed by her father. Had she comprehended the Divine Dao in the Divine Domain? If she had comprehended the Divine Dao, would she have cultivated this Dao? p
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng became a little interested in this Dao tablet. Therefore, he climbed up the stairs of this Dao tablet. p
The moment he stepped on this flight of stairs, the Dao essence emitted from the other Dao tablets was rejected by the Dao essence of this purple Dao tablet. The Dao essence of this Dao tablet was overwhelming and surrounded Luo Zheng. p
After Luo Zheng climbed more than 20 steps, he saw a woman in white in front of him. p
Luo Zheng had gone before this woman. She should be an elite disciple of some third-tier family. She was ranked in the 40s because she surpassed Luo Zheng in the 40s. p
When she passed by Luo Zheng, she just smiled slightly at Luo Zheng, revealing two shallow dimples. She seemed a little shy. p
"This is the Great Purple Qi Art, also known as the Purple Qi Divine Dao. Generally, only women can cultivate it. Moreover, it requires a special constitution." The woman in white looked surprised when she saw Luo Zheng come up. p
"Purple Qi from the East … Great Purple Qi Art." Hearing the woman's words, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. However, he still did not stop and walked to the bottom of the woman in white. p
"Do you still want to go up?" The woman in white looked surprised. She did not understand why Luo Zheng wanted to waste time here. The Dao essence on this Dao tablet was not something Luo Zheng could comprehend. p
"I'm just looking around." Luo Zheng smiled. "Can you let me pass?" p
The woman in white looked curious. Then she got up and moved aside. When Luo Zheng passed by her, she reminded him, "The Dao essence of the Purple Qi Divine Dao is mild, but it doesn't mean it's weak. If you get too close, the Dao essence will attack you …" She pointed to the purple mist on the Dao tablet. p
After arriving here, Luo Zheng could see more clearly. The purple mist transformed into more abundant things. There were lions, wolves, and palaces. It seemed to be all-encompassing. p
Luo Zheng nodded. "Thank you, but I still want to see more clearly …"
Therefore, the white-clothed woman made some space on this narrow staircase. Luo Zheng lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and flipped onto a higher staircase. p
When Luo Zheng just stood still, he heard a roar behind him! p
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng and the woman in white looked back at the same time. They only saw a Dao tablet not far away begin to shake. p
At the top of the Dao tablet, there was a snow-white light. In that light, hexagonal crystals the size of washbasins were constantly floating, shooting towards the top of the Palace! p
"It's the Snow Imprint Divine Dao. Someone was recognized by the Snow Imprint Divine Dao so quickly …" The woman in white said softly. Her pure purple pupils showed a trace of envy. She could cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Dao, so naturally she also had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. This woman in white was also an outstanding existence in the Great Yan Universe. However, she was born in a third-rate family in the God's Domain. Not only did she not get enough resources, but she was also far from enough in all kinds of martial arts. p
"It's that boy called Han Zhen." Luo Zheng stared at the bottom of the Dao tablet. He saw Han Zhen was shrouded in the snow-white light …
Soon, the voice of the Palace Master Han Meng sounded in the Palace. "Han Jia, Han Zhen, has been recognized by the Snow Imprint Divine Dao …"
It was not only the woman in white who was envious. Many Proof of Divinity experts had just entered the Palace when they heard Han Meng's voice. They knew that someone had been recognized. They were obviously very envious! But Han Zhen was originally ranked fifth on the list. In the previous test, the height that Han Zhen threw the White Jade Token into the air was second only to Luo Zheng. It seemed that it was natural for him to be recognized by the Dao tablet so quickly. p
Since Han Zhen was recognized by the Dao tablet, what about the one called Luo Tian Xing? p
Many experts began to look for Luo Zheng's figure. Soon, someone found Luo Zheng …
"What's going on? How did that boy climb onto the Dao tablet of the Purple Qi Divine Dao?" p
"Isn't the Purple Qi Divine Dao something that only women can cultivate?" p
"It's not like that … there are also some men who have the Extreme Purple Yin Body." This person thought for a moment and then added in a low voice, "But men are very rare. Even if there are, most of them are eunuchs." p
Everyone's eyes were full of puzzlement …
People who had the Extreme Purple Yin Body exuded a different aura from ordinary experts. For example, the woman in white was the eldest daughter of the Xue family of the Liuren Domain. Although the Xue family was only a third-tier family, Xue Mei was ranked forty-first on the list by virtue of her own body. p
But when they saw Luo Zheng before, they believed that Luo Zheng could not have the Extreme Purple Yin Body …
Luo Zheng did not know that his strange behavior had attracted so much attention. After all, each Dao tablet was some distance away from each other. He did not know what these people were talking about. p
After the white light on the Snow Dao tablet disappeared, Luo Zheng no longer paid attention to it, but continued to go up! p
Xue Mei had previously dissuaded Luo Zheng, but this person's ability was far stronger than hers. Now that Luo Zheng insisted on going up, she naturally could not stop him. p
As Luo Zheng continued to climb, he got closer and closer to the Tablet of Dao. The purple gas that lingered around the Tablet of Dao was like muddy water that was being stirred up. It began to constantly surge! p
"Hu hu hu …"
Under the tumbling of the Purple Qi, dozens of sharp sword shadows formed an ingenious sword array and shot toward Luo Zheng. p
"Be careful …" Xue Mei whispered. She knew that Luo Zheng was very capable, but she also understood that caution was the key to success. How many geniuses had fallen because of conceit? p
When the sword array came down, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest intention of dodging. p
＝＝＝＝＝/p

Chapter 1788
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine City, he had been very cautious. p
Since the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao was listed as a forbidden Dao, Luo Zheng would not use it easily, let alone when there were many people around. p
In the Hanyue Building, Luo Zheng had used his divine thoughts to launch a soul attack. He had also deliberately erased the sharpness in his soul. It could only be regarded as a strengthened version of the "Soul-Petrifying Thorn" …
Facing the sword formation formed by Taoist Connotation, Luo Zheng did not dodge. He let the sword shadows enter his mind. p
When these sword shadows gathered in his mind and formed a sword formation, the small golden sword on the surface of Luo Zheng's soul instantly shone brightly. The golden light reverberated in his mind, and all the sword shadows were shattered by the golden light! p
The eyes were the windows to the soul. When the golden light flashed, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and covered the golden light from his soul in his mind. p
When he opened his eyes again, everything had returned to normal …
This scene made Xue Mei, who was not far away, dumbfounded. Seeing that Luo Zheng did not dodge, she thought that Luo Zheng had some treasure to protect his soul. According to Luo Zheng's talent, this was very likely. p
She did not expect that Luo Zheng did not have such a treasure at all. Instead, he let the "sword formation" formed by Taoist Connotation penetrate his mind. p
Just when she was worried about whether Luo Zheng would become a fool, Luo Zheng had calmed down and stepped onto a new level as if there was no one else around. p
"No wonder the old man on the floating island thinks so highly of him." Xue Mei sighed secretly. Thinking of her own fate, she could not help but sigh. p
Luo Zheng did not know that Xue Mei was a sentimental girl. As he continued to climb, the Taoist Connotation transformed into various things and entered Luo Zheng's mind one by one. p
There were purple nine-story pagodas, thousands of giant swords, double-headed snakes, and all kinds of things that were transformed by the purple mist. However, no matter what shape they took, they were all transformed by the pressure of the Taoist Connotation, so their power was not far from the truth. p
When these things entered his mind, Luo Zheng couldn't help but close his eyes and exterminate them with his soul pressure. p
It was just that there were too many of them. Wave after wave, they poured into his mind. Luo Zheng simply closed his eyes and used his spiritual awareness to explore the surrounding environment. He continued to climb the stairs and quickened his pace. p
There were hundreds of steps below each stele. Most of the Proof of Divinity martial artists could only stop at the 50th to 60th step. For example, Xue Mei stopped at the 52nd step. If she took another step forward, the pressure she faced would multiply, and she could no longer bear it. p
But Luo Zheng had already reached the 90th stair with his speed...
"Does that guy want to climb to the top?" p
"In theory, the closer one is to the Dao tablet, the easier it is to communicate with it. But the pressure is also greater. How can one comprehend it?" p
"You're mistaken! Let me remind you again, Luo Tianxing is a man, he can't cultivate the Violet Cloud Divine Dao! " p
"..."
For a time, many Proof of Divinity martial artists couldn't concentrate on comprehending the Dao tablet. Instead, they wasted their attention on Luo Zheng. They all wanted to know what this guy wanted to do. p
Luo Zheng rushed to the high platform on the top under everyone's gaze. p
The moment he stood on the high platform, the Violet Cloud on the Dao tablet became more and more restless, like a tide flocking. Before it could take shape, it had already poured into Luo Zheng's mind. p
Luo Zheng's mind was like a black hole. The Violet Cloud kept pouring in, but it didn't come back! p
After a while. p
Probably because the Taoist Connotation on the Dao tablet had been consumed too much, the Taoist Connotation finally calmed down and no longer rushed to Luo Zheng. Instead, it continued to flow slowly around the surface of the Dao tablet, without the slightest threat. p
Luo Zheng just opened his eyes and quietly looked at the Dao tablet in front of him...
"The Great Violet Cloud Art, turning the Violet Cloud into an auspicious holy realm, forming a world of its own. There are three ways in which all things move. It is the beginning of the rule of fate. Don't push the Saint Fate, don't welcome my birth..."
The purple characters recorded on the Dao tablet were very beautiful. The person who made this Dao tablet should be a woman. p
After careful observation, Luo Zheng vaguely understood the magical power of the Great Violet Cloud Art. p
The Great Violet Cloud Art was actually another manifestation of Zhenqi, but it inherited some of the abilities of the Chaotic Qi, such as creating a world. p
The "Extreme Violet Realm" in the Great Yan Universe was an isolated world. The rules in that world were completely different from the rules in other big worlds. At that time, it was created by a True God who cultivated the "Great Violet Cloud Art". p
The world constructed by the Great Violet Cloud Art was different from the inner world. When one cultivated it to a deep level, one could create a world in the Divine Domain alone. Although this world couldn't be compared with the universe, it was still stronger than the ordinary inner world. Therefore, a True God who cultivated the Great Violet Cloud Art to the "Great Perfection" could also be called a quasi-sage. p
The control of the Great Violet Cloud Art was the most mysterious. A True God who cultivated this Shinto Dao was best at sword formations. Therefore, the cultivation method that Xi Youqin received in the Extreme Violet Realm was the sword formation method. p
"Although Luo Yan's Extreme Violet Yin Body was bestowed by Father, I don't know if she cultivated the Great Violet Cloud Art or if she turned to other Shinto Daos. I don't know if Father has other arrangements for this … "
To this day, Luo Zheng was still shrouded in layers of fog about his father's arrangements. He didn't know why Luo Xiao didn't want him to know the full cause and effect. He just put Mu Haiji, a Great Sage, in front of him. p
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, there was a sudden fluctuation in his mind …
Suddenly, the Immeasurable Ruler in the depths of his mind began to rotate slowly. A dim light began to flicker from one end of the Immeasurable Ruler. The dim light slowly wandered across the densely packed scales on the Immeasurable Ruler before finally stopping at the middle scale! p
"Boom!" p
The moment the Infinity Ruler stopped at the scale, it exploded with a blazing light. It was like a flame, like the sunset, like a ray of light left behind by the sun when it burned to the limit! p
"What, what is that …"
The Extreme Evil Old Man noticed this scene in his mind and was full of shock. He had already noticed this green jade ruler in his mind. Even though he was experienced and knowledgeable, he didn't know the origin of this jade ruler. Moreover, he was tactful enough not to ask. He didn't expect the jade ruler to explode with such a huge movement at this moment. p
The blazing light burst out from Luo Zheng's eyes. His black pupils were like fiery golden eyes, forming a circle of blazing light at the edge of his pupils. It was dazzling and eye-catching! p
Luo Zheng's face was also full of astonishment. He didn't know what was going on at all. p
However, after the change in his eyes, the Dao Stele he saw was completely different. The words on the Dao Stele were also completely different. All the words began to distort constantly, and the purple light condensed from the Dao Connotation began to fluctuate wildly! p
"Ah, what's going on …"
Xue Mei, who was on the steps, was also full of surprise. p
Although Luo Zheng's actions were very strange, Xue Mei was very motivated and hardworking. She was anxious to comprehend the Dao Connotation on the Dao Stele and didn't pay too much attention to Luo Zheng. p
But now, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly glowed. He stared at the Dao Stele and messed up the Dao Connotation on the Dao Stele. She couldn't comprehend the Dao Connotation at all …
Luo Zheng didn't want to cause such a huge commotion, but the Infinity Ruler in his mind suddenly became "abnormal" in front of the Dao Stele! p
At this moment, it wasn't only the Testimonies present who were paying attention to Luo Zheng. Even the Heaven Concealing Hall Master and many True Gods were quietly staring at Luo Zheng. Their expressions were quite interesting. p
"What secret does Luo Tianxing have!" p
"That kid's eyes … seem to be the Fire God's Yi Tong?" p
"It's definitely not the Fire God's Yi Tong! Otherwise, how could he mess up the Dao Connotation on the Dao Stele? This Great Purple Qi Art Dao Stele was personally created by Aunt Han Jiu. The Dao Connotation inside is much deeper than the other Dao Steles. " p
Aunt Han Jiu was a Perfect True God. Now, in the Han Family, aside from the Han Family's Saint Emperor, there was also a quasi sage, Aunt Han Jiu. The Purple Sky Absolute Ground created by Aunt Han Jiu with the Great Purple Qi Art might not be as big as a universe, but the Purple Sky Absolute Ground made Aunt Han Jiu's strength much stronger than ordinary Perfect True Gods. p

Chapter 1789
In Luo Zheng's eyes, two fiery red halos were still constantly rotating.
In this process, those disordered Dao accumulations became orderly in his eyes, and a feeling of enlightenment sank into the depths of his soul.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to see the true essence of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao!
"Hiss …"
"This Purple Clouds Divine Dao isn't complete, because the woman who carved this Dao stele back then didn't cultivate it to perfection. Or rather, even if she cultivated it to perfection, she wasn't willing to display all her comprehensions on this Dao stele!"
Luo Zheng made this judgment in an instant.
There were 3,000 Divine Daos, and each Divine Dao was a completely different path. The Great Purple Qi Art could evolve into thousands of God-slaying Sword Formations, and it could transform into several extremely powerful True Spirits. And the last level could transform into a Purple Sky Absolute Land!
But the Dao stele in front of him had a fragmentary record of the Purple Sky Absolute Land!
"If I want to comprehend the complete Great Purple Qi Art, I need to find the complete Dao stele … But with this Infinite Ruler, I can actually see through the Dao accumulations in an instant, and know the essence of my Great Purple Qi Art. This …"
Luo Zheng's heart began to beat wildly. Previously, he didn't understand the function of the Infinite Ruler, but now he understood that it actually had such an extraordinary ability. Even if Luo Zheng didn't know how many treasures there were in the God Realm, he knew that this Infinite Ruler was no ordinary object.
The light on the Infinite Ruler gradually dimmed, and finally returned to its original appearance. But compared to before, this Infinite Ruler was slightly different.
On a certain scale in the middle of the ruler, there was a small round dot. Luo Zheng carefully looked at it, and found that there was a faint purple light flowing in the center of this round dot. It was actually a trace of the essence of Dao accumulations!
"This ruler … contains the Purple Clouds Divine Dao?" Luo Zheng was even more surprised when he saw that small round dot.
He suddenly thought of something and looked at the jade ruler again. He counted the markings on the jade ruler from the beginning to the end. When Luo Zheng counted from the beginning to the end, he finally got a number — a total of three thousand markings, not one more, not one less!
In other words, this jade ruler was used to contain 3,000 Divine Daos.
After the light of the Infinite Ruler dissipated, the two golden rings in Luo Zheng's eyes also disappeared.
The Dao accumulations on the Dao stele, which had been disturbed by Luo Zheng, also slowly calmed down and rearranged themselves in an orderly manner.
Luo Zheng was in a hurry to verify his conjecture, so he didn't plan to stay here any longer. He was about to turn around and leave, but as soon as he turned his head, a purple beam of light shot out from the top of the Dao Tablet and went straight to the top of the Divine Palace.
"Whoosh!"
When the light beam of light, Luo Zheng's eyes's eyes eyes, and Luo Zheng's's's, and ''s's''s's.
The Divine Inquisition Palace's Divine Inquisition Warriors were all stunned …
The Dao Imparting True God and Han Meng in the Heaven-containing Mansion were also shocked.
"Dao of the of the's of Purple to to be recognized to the Dao to the Purple to 'to be?"
"In other words, he has the talent to cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Dao?"
"That's impossible, he clearly doesn't possess the Extreme Violet Yin Body …"
. "Many people had strange looks on their faces. The scene in front of them had already surpassed their common sense.
Xue Mei's mouth was also agape. She stared at Luo Zheng in a daze, her entire person in a daze. She couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had been recognized by the Dao stele.
However, Luo Zheng understood that the Dao stele didn't recognize Luo Zheng, but rather the Infinite Ruler in his mind...
. Outside the Ask God's' Temple.
The several Dao Imparting True Gods and Han Meng looked at each other in dismay. From their expressions, they couldn't make up their minds.
"What do we do? Do we announce that Luo Zheng has passed? "Old Man Chen asked.
Han Meng's face was filled with a strange expression. "He has indeed passed. But this Purple to the Divine Dao …. Logically speaking, he shouldn't be able to cultivate it!"
"That's not the worst part." Another Dao Imparting True God reminded him.
Han Meng sighed. "I also thought of that."
Although there were many martial artists in the Realm of the Gods who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, there weren't many who truly had the talent to cultivate it. Moreover, most of them were women.
Aunt Hanjiu was the secondary sage of the Han Family. Her status and authority were second only to the Han Family's Saint Emperor. She could also recruit disciples from the floating island, but the most basic requirement was to be able to cultivate the Great Purple Qi Art.
According to the rules of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, once a martial artist was recognized by the Dao stele of the Purple to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, they wouldn't enter the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. Instead, they would be gifted to Aunt Hanjiu.
This way, the Heaven-Containing Prefecture had nothing to do with it.
Previously, Han Meng had been afraid that the little girl in green from the main family would take Luo Tianxing away. Now, another layer of worry had appeared.
"If I'd known, I wouldn't have let this kid participate in the exam." Han Meng shook his head and sighed heavily.
The Heaven-Containing Prefecture's rules were strict, but there were always people who could make exceptions. If he'd known that Luo Zheng had been recognized by the Dao stele of the Purple to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, he would've found a reason to make an exception and directly accept Luo Tianxing!
However, they were all curious as to which Divine Dao Luo Zheng was most suited to cultivate. Moreover, during the exam, they would be able to observe Luo Zheng's talent more clearly. They hadn't expected such a strange thing to happen.
"We'll keep this matter under wraps." Old Man Chen's eyes flashed with determination.
The other Dao Imparting True Gods also looked hesitant. Aunt Hanjiu was a lofty existence to everyone present. The consequences of deceiving her would be difficult to bear.
Hearing Old Man Chen's words, Han Meng nodded fiercely. "Let's not announce it for now … Hm? What else does Luo Tianxing want? "
Inside the Temple of Inquiry …
When the crowd saw that Luo Zheng had been recognized by the Dao stele, on one hand, they were very envious. On the other, they felt that it was strange.
What made everyone feel even more strange was that Luo Zheng had clearly been recognized by the Divine Dao. Why hadn't the Master announced it yet?
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't foolishly wait for Han Meng to announce that he had been accepted. Compared to entering the Heaven-Containing Mansion, Luo Zheng was more anxious to verify the jade ruler in his mind.
Since this jade ruler could incorporate the Purple Clouds Divine Dao, it must be able to incorporate other Divine Daos!
Although these Dao steles weren't the real ones, they were only replicas made by some True Gods. However, the Dao essence in them was genuine. If he could incorporate another Divine Dao, it would be of more help to Luo Zheng.
He continued to jump down the stairs, and when he passed by Xue Mei, he smiled faintly.
From the beginning, Xue Mei had planned to comprehend the Dao stele honestly, hoping to be recognized by the Dao stele. Now that Luo Zheng had taken the lead, she felt very disappointed. Looking at Luo Zheng's back, she could only sigh softly. She sighed in her heart. Everyone was different after all.
After Luo Zheng jumped down from the top, he quickly chose another Dao stele.
Raging flames were erupting from the Stele of Dao. Streams of flames were swirling around the flamboyant words. Before Luo Zheng climbed up the stairs, he could already feel an extremely hot aura coming from it.
"Fledgling Flame Divine Dao …"
This Fledgling Flame Divine Dao was the origin of all Strange Flames in the world. It was also the purest flame.
By relying on the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao, one could comprehend all kinds of wonderful Strange Flames. There were also many people who cultivated the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao.
On the stairs of this Dao stele, there were already three Divine Realm martial artists. One of them was the second on the list, Han Xuan.
When Han Xuan saw Luo Zheng climb up the stairs, his eyes flashed slightly. This guy seemed to want to be recognized by the second Dao stele.
As long as one was recognized by a Dao stele, they would have the qualifications to enter the Heaven-Containing Mansion. In the Heaven-Containing Mansion's examination, there were indeed some extremely talented geniuses who had done so. However, the number of such geniuses was extremely small. In history, there had only been four such cases.
Now, Luo Zheng seemed to be planning to do so …
What Han Xuan didn't know was that Luo Zheng's goal wasn't just the two Dao steles. If he was given enough time, he was afraid that he would absorb all three hundred Dao steles in the Temple of Inquiry into the Immeasurable Ruler!
Seeing Luo Zheng climb up the stairs, Han Xuan and the others made way for Luo Zheng to climb up.
The Divine Realm martial artists present simply stopped comprehending. They wanted to see what Luo Tianxing wanted to do.
"Huff huff …"
Just like the Purple Cloud Divine Dao, when Luo Zheng climbed to the top of the Dao stele, the turbulent Dao Accumulations from the Dao stele turned into fiery birds. They flapped their wings and pounced on Luo Zheng.
These Dao Accumulations turned into flames that could burn the soul. If one's soul was weak, they would be burned clean in an instant.

Chapter 1790
The endless stream of firebirds rushed into Luo Zheng's mind, ending up in the same way as the Dao Connotation of the Great Purple Qi Art.
When Luo Zheng closed his eyes, a sharp golden light flashed from the surface of his soul. Those fiery birds created by the Taoist flames were all killed in a blink of an eye.
While killing the firebirds that drilled into his mind, Luo Zheng also quietly observed the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind.
With his current means, he was still unable to control this ruler. Just now, the Immeasurable Ruler had activated its special ability on its own.
Now that Luo Zheng was paying attention, he discovered the reason behind it.
After the firebirds were crushed by Luo Zheng's soul pressure, they turned into scattered Dao Connotation power, which was quietly absorbed by the Immeasurable Ruler!
When the Immeasurable Ruler absorbed the remaining Dao Connotation power to a certain extent, a golden light suddenly burst out from one end of the Immeasurable Ruler …
"Buzz …"
The golden light moved from one end of the Immeasurable Ruler to the other in a flash, and finally stopped at a scale at the top of the Immeasurable Ruler!
"This scale should be the position reserved for the Fledgling Flame Supreme Dao by the Immeasurable Ruler." Luo Zheng understood. Indeed, as Luo Zheng had guessed, these 3,000 scales corresponded to 3,000 Divine Daos, and the position of each Divine Dao had been set long ago!
When the light stopped at that scale, another blazing light burst out and shrouded Luo Zheng's mind.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, a pair of golden light circles were embedded in his pupils, just like the Fiery Golden Eyes!
"Hualala …"
With Luo Zheng's eyesight, he stared at the Dao tablet of the Fledgling Flame Supreme Dao in front of him. The pure flames on the Dao tablet were like waves that constantly surged, and at the same time, the Dao Connotation became chaotic!
When others saw this Dao Connotation, it was incomparably chaotic, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, he directly saw through everything that was contained within the Dao Connotation.
"The Fledgling Flame Supreme Dao … is the source of fire. All Fire Laws are derived from the Fledgling Flame. This Divine Dao is different from the Great Purple Qi Art. There are a total of four levels. The first level is to control fire, the second level is to create fire, the third level is to create fire, and the fourth level is to create fire …"
In the eyes of others, the Dao Connotation was incomparably mysterious, and it would be difficult to completely understand it even after ten thousand years. However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, these mysteries were incomparably simple!
Although Luo Zheng's perception far surpassed that of ordinary geniuses, it was impossible for him to reach such a level. That sudden epiphany allowed Luo Zheng to see through the true meaning of the Dao tablet in a short period of time. All of this was because of the Infinite Ruler …
Not long after, the light on the Infinity Ruler dimmed, and the circle of light inlaid in Luo Zheng's pupils also began to dim. Finally, it returned to normal, and a bright yellow flame symbol condensed on one end of the Infinity Ruler.
"Immeasurable Ruler of the Immeasurably Of God 'Divine divine of the Zheng dao dao Ims Of the Immeasurable Of the Of the Divine Ruler Ruler's's.
Was Of course of the Of Great Divine Of Divine Dao? What would happen if all the Of Great Divine Dao Light were integrated into the Immeasurable Ruler?
However, it was not easy to gather all the Of Great Divine Dao Light. Luo Zheng had yet to see a real Dao Stele with his own eyes. Although there were more than three hundred Dao Steles in front of him, the Dao Connotation within them was not perfect.
"Since it can record imperfect Dao Connotations, theoretically speaking, it can also record the Dao Connotations of other True Gods?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng made this conjecture in his heart. However, this conjecture could not be verified. If he had the chance to spar with a True God in the future, he could take the risk and give it a try.
When the Dao Connotation of the Fledgling Flame Dao Stele began to calm down, a fiery red pillar of light shot into the sky. At the same time, a ball of fire escaped from the Dao Stele and enveloped Luo Zheng. This fire was not scorching. Instead, it emitted a trace of warmth.
"He was recognized by the second Dao Stele …"
"Ai, even in my dreams, I want to be recognized by a Dao Stele. I've tried so hard to comprehend it, but I can't even begin to comprehend it. Why is it as simple as drinking water for this kid?"
"He shouldn't have come to the Heaven Containing Palace. He should have gone straight to the floating island. Why does he have to compare himself with us …"
The Proof Divinity experts in the Temple of Inquiry were full of envy. There was an indescribable feeling in their hearts. These Proof Divinity experts came from second-tier and third-tier clans. They were also the proud sons of heaven in their clans. Every movement of theirs had an innate pride. However, Luo Zheng's actions had destroyed their self-confidence!
However, Han Meng and the others outside the Temple of Inquiry were now relieved.
If they announced Luo Zheng was recognized by the Great Purple Qi Art, they would have offended Aunt Han Jiu. In the future, when the news reached Aunt Han Jiu's ears, if the Quasi-sage was really angry, no one in the Han Clan would be able to withstand it.
Now that Luo Zheng was recognized by the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao, things became much easier to handle. As for what happened before, everyone acted as if they did not see it.
When Luo Zheng turned around and left the Dao Stele, Han Meng's voice once again lingered in the Temple of Inquiry. "Meng Mountain Village, Luo Tianxing has been recognized by the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao …"
Now, Luo Zheng was the second Proof Divinity expert to pass the Han Clan's examination.
Just now, after Han Zhen passed the examination, he left the Temple of Inquiry without looking back. The Temple of Inquiry was filled with the pressure of Dao. It put a lot of pressure on one's soul. No one wanted to stay here for too long.
However, Luo Zheng had no intention of leaving. Everyone silently watched as Luo Zheng jumped down the stairs of the Dao Stele. Then, they silently looked at the Dao Stele next to him.
Even if there were some geniuses who could comprehend several Divine Daos at the same time and be recognized by several Dao Steles, it was only limited to a few specific Divine Daos. However, Luo Zheng did not choose. He just followed the order …
"No way, this guy didn't choose at all! One by one? "Han Xuan also opened his mouth wide and stared at Luo Zheng dumbly.
"It's impossible for there to be such a heaven-defying guy. Maybe he just happened to comprehend the Great Purple Qi Art and the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao. As for the third Divine Dao, he might not be able to comprehend it …" A Proof Divinity expert next to him tried his best to deny it. In fact, he also did not believe in such a coincidence. However, Luo Zheng's actions were too monstrous. It was beyond his knowledge, so he did not want to admit it.
"If he can be recognized by the third Dao Stele of Black Tortoise Divine Dao, I will be convinced!"
"… …"
Not long after, the third Dao Stele, which was the Dao Stele of Black Tortoise Divine Dao, flashed with a grayish white light …
Luo Zheng was recognized by the Dao Stele of Black Tortoise Divine Dao.
Seeing this, many Proof Divinity experts couldn't help but gulp. Some were shocked, while others rejoiced that they had seen this unbelievable scene.
Outside the Temple of Inquiry, Han Meng and the other imparting True Gods looked at each other. They could see great shock in the depths of each other's eyes. The older True Gods had lived for eight or nine Divine Epochs, while the younger ones were born in this Divine Epoch, but they had never heard of such a wondrous event.
"I heard that Han Cangyan of the main family became a Proof Divinity expert in the past. After returning from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he comprehended four Divine Daos in a single year. He's already an outstanding existence on the floating island. Luo Tianxing has already been recognized by three Divine Daos. He …" Han Meng's expression was grave, but his heart was filled with ecstasy.
He had to prove his worth to the main family once he entered the Heaven-Containing Palace. If he really did recommend someone as monstrous as Luo Tianxing, the main family would no longer give face to the branch family every time.
"He has no intention of stopping. He's already climbed to the fourth Dao Stele," the old man surnamed Chen said.
"Should we stop him? This is too exaggerated," another Imparting True God said.
Han Meng's face showed a trace of hesitation. In the end, he shook his head. Although he didn't know how Luo Tianxing had done it, if he didn't want to come out, Han Meng had no intention of stopping him.
And so, in front of everyone, Luo Zheng comprehended the fifth, sixth, and seventh Dao Stele …
In the end, this scene made everyone feel numb.
Many Proof Divinity experts could only sigh as they explored their own Divine Daos, hoping to gain their recognition by comprehending the Dao Steles.
Soon, the third Proof Divinity expert appeared. It was Han Xuan of the Han Family, but there was no joy on his face. After all, a monstrous genius had come to the Shrine of Inquiry. Gaining the recognition of a Divine Dao was as simple as eating and drinking. He had worked so hard to gain the recognition of the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao. It was nothing. He just sighed, his face full of sadness, and turned to leave the Shrine of Inquiry.
Although Han Xuan was very experienced in dealing with people, he was still shocked.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1791
The Heaven-containing Ministry's examination in the God-Inquiring Palace usually lasted for seven days.
For the Proof of Divinity martial artists, the Heaven-containing Ministry's examination was not only an examination, but also a chance to cultivate.
Some Proof of Divinity martial artists usually listened to the teachings of True Gods outside the Heaven-containing Ministry. Now that they had entered the God-Inquiring Palace, they could comprehend the Dao on the tablets.
Although these tablets were forged by later generations, it was still a rare opportunity for these Proof of Divinity martial artists.
In seven days, more and more Proof of Divinity martial artists were recognized by the tablets. For these Proof of Divinity martial artists, they had stepped into the most important stage of their lives. Their future would be completely changed.
Because the chances of Proof of Divinity in the Heaven-containing Ministry were quite high, becoming a True God in the future was equivalent to obtaining eternal life and endless possibilities.
As for Luo Zheng …
In these few days, the Proof of Divinity martial artists were completely numb.
He tirelessly walked through the tablets and absorbed the Dao on them. He was recognized by the tablets again and again.
Other than the Great Purple Qi Art, there were some Divine Paths that required special conditions and physiques to cultivate. However, Luo Zheng directly bypassed these conditions and was recognized by the tablets as usual.
This could no longer be described as a miracle. In the eyes of others, Luo Zheng seemed to be using some kind of method to cheat. However, this method was unheard of and was already frightening.
The Heaven-containing Ministry did not stop Luo Zheng from doing this. Although Luo Zheng disturbed the Dao on the tablets in a short period of time, it did not cause much damage to the tablets. Now that Luo Zheng's performance was outstanding, the Heaven-containing Ministry would be more confident in recommending him to the main family.
It took Luo Zheng about an hour to absorb the Dao essence of a Dao stele into the Immeasurable Ruler. He didn't rest for seven days and seven nights, and he didn't stop to absorb the Dao essence of 260 Dao steles.
On the last day, Luo Zheng's face was full of exhaustion.
Every time he absorbed a Stele of Doctrine, he had to resist the attack of the Doctrine Connotation. Even though Luo Zheng's soul strength was comparable to a Real God's, his soul power was constantly depleting. Without any rest, his soul power was gradually depleting. Naturally, he was very tired.
When Han Meng announced the end of the examination, Luo Zheng helplessly looked at the remaining Dao tablets. The Dao tablets standing in the distance were still emitting light, but due to the rules, he could only follow the crowd and leave the Palace of Inquiry.
Among the one hundred thousand martial artists who had verified their divinity, a total of sixty-seven people had obtained the recognition of the Dao stele.
Compared to last year's less than 20 people, this year's number had tripled. Even if it was the new year of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's recruitment exam, this number was already quite good.
Han Meng and the other imparting true gods were quite satisfied with this number. The one who gave them the most confidence was still Luo Zheng.
Now, Han Meng had the urge to contact his family and send Luo Zheng to the floating island!
Every sixteen years, the family would send people to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture to recruit a batch of people to the floating island to cultivate. It had been fifteen years since the last recruitment.
Next year, the family would come again to the Heaven-Containing Prefecture to select people. Not only would they select a portion of the true gods, but they would also pay attention to a few outstanding martial artists who had verified their divinity. Therefore, the year before the family's selection was the year of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination. These martial artists also hoped that they would be lucky enough to be selected by the family and enter the floating island. They would then join the core power of the divine realm and soar to the heavens.
However, the Han family branch also had special recommendation rights. If they met an extremely outstanding person, they didn't have to wait sixteen years. They only needed to send someone to the family to apply. However, the prerequisite was that this person had to be exceptional in some way.
The martial artists who passed the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination were arranged to stay in a courtyard in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. The others were dismissed and could only wait until next year to participate in the examination again.
The construction of this courtyard was very elegant. A few small bridges were built on top of an exquisite pond. In the pond, there was a school of small fish with golden scales swimming happily. Pink lotus flowers decorated the pond, and they would never wither.
The sixty-seven martial artists in the courtyard were the lucky ones who passed the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination this time.
Some of them, such as Han Zhen and Han Xuan, had been waiting here for five or six days because they had been recognized by the Dao Tablet on the first day.
Luo Zheng sat upright on a large rock on the side of a rockery, his eyes tightly closed as he meditated and recuperated.
Now, his soul had completely sunk into a deep sleep. This was the Soul Returning Technique that the Evil Old Man had taught Luo Zheng. Some of the Evil Old Man's cultivation techniques weren't flashy. They didn't even have a glorious origin. However, for a true god like the Evil Old Man, they were all extremely useful techniques.
For example, the Soul Returning Technique was to reserve a bit of soul power to maintain a minimum level of vigilance while the soul sank into a deep sleep. This way, one could quickly recover soul power in a short period of time.
Luo Zheng was really too tired these days. He needed a good rest to replenish the soul power that he had consumed.
The other martial artists gathered in twos and threes. Most of them looked very excited. It seemed that they were very surprised that they had passed the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination.
Xue Mei had only been recognized by the Dao Tablet at the last moment of the seventh day. She had also passed the examination of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. As for Hu Lan Zhuo, who had a conflict with Luo Zheng, he had passed the examination on the fifth day.
After waiting in the courtyard for a day, the Heaven-containing Prefecture gave them their own residences as well as some very basic items. From now on, they were considered members of the Heaven-containing Prefecture and could cultivate in the Heaven-containing Prefecture. Every day, they could also listen to the teachings of the True Gods.
Luo Zheng, who had settled down in his residence, continued to explore and absorb the Divine Dao's Taoist Connotation.
Luo Zheng sat upright on the ground. With a light clap of his hands, a wisp of Purple Qi floated out.
This Purple Qi split into several faintly discernible paths. These paths could be randomly distributed into a unique arrangement. According to the arrangement of these Purple Qi, some mysterious formations could be created.
"The Great Purple Qi Art itself is also a manifestation of the rules. Using the rules within it, one can create a sword formation. No wonder Xi Youqin could master the God-slaying Sword Formation," Luo Zheng said calmly. After comprehending the Taoist Connotation, Luo Zheng could use the Great Purple Qi Art at will.
Then Luo Zheng clapped his hands, and the Purple Qi transformed into a Winged Dragon in the shape of Zi Qing. This Winged Dragon crouched on his finger, and with a light flick of his finger, the Winged Dragon flew out. After circling around the room, it turned back into a ball of Purple Qi and returned to Luo Zheng's hand!
"This ruler of yours is simply unreasonable. I've been in the God Realm for so many years, but I've never heard of such a divine object. Even a first-grade grandmist artifact doesn't have this kind of ability. Absorbing three thousand Divine Dao, what the hell is this thing …"
In the past few days, the Extreme Evil Old Man had witnessed the entire process of the Immeasurable Ruler absorbing the Divine Dao. Every time he activated the Immeasurable Ruler, Luo Zheng had to draw the Taoist Connotation into his mind. This Taoist Connotation also posed a threat to the Extreme Evil Old Man's remnant soul. In the end, the Extreme Evil Old Man had no choice but to hide in a corner and quietly watch this scene.
Just like that, the Extreme Evil Old Man watched as the Immeasurable Ruler absorbed the Divine Dao, turning into tiny symbols on the jade ruler …
After living in the God Realm for so long, the Extreme Evil Old Man could be considered half an old monster. He had long heard of some of the powerful treasures in the God Realm. Those treasures were in the hands of the various Saints. For example, the Regicide Sky Blade of the Han Family's Saint Emperor was an extremely rare grandmist artifact. However, it was impossible for it to have such an exaggerated ability. If Luo Zheng were to observe the Divine Dao, wouldn't he be able to grasp all three thousand Divine Dao in the God Realm?
As soon as the Extreme Evil Old Man's voice fell, the Purple Qi in Luo Zheng's hand dissipated, and in its place were wisps of greyish-white Taoist Connotation.
These wisps of greyish-white Taoist Connotation quickly condensed into a small round shield. A large number of hexagonal patterns appeared on the round shield, resembling a tortoise shell. This was the Black Tortoise Divine Dao's protective divine ability.
As Luo Zheng continued to experiment, a voice suddenly sounded from outside, "Luo Tianxing, the Manor Head invites you in."

Chapter 1792
Han Meng was sitting in the main pavilion of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. Beside him were two other people, both of whom were peak middle true gods.
They weren't True Gods of the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, but leaders of the Han Family's branches.
The Han Family's branches had many branches and leaves. Although they weren't as powerful as the other clans on the floating islands, they were still a first-tier clan. Whether it was the strength of their true gods or the number of their members, they were far superior to other second-tier and third-tier clans.
There were currently twenty-seven branches in the Han Family, led by twenty-seven branch leaders. These two were the leader of the ninth branch, Han Chen, and the leader of the twelfth branch, Han Yu. Han Zhen, who had just entered the Heaven-Containing Prefecture, was Han Chen's son.
"The news from Mirror City has already been confirmed. This Luo Tianxing's background is indeed suspicious," Han Chen said with a frown.
Ever since Luo Zheng had made a name for himself in Hanyue Tower, many factions had tried to investigate Luo Zheng's background. However, Luo Zheng had provided too little information. Even after many investigations, Luo Zheng's background was still a blank sheet of paper. There were no clues at all, so he could only be replaced by "mysterious youth" on the list.
However, during the Heaven-Containing Prefecture's examination, Luo Zheng had introduced himself, saying that he was from Meng Village in the Vast Sky Domain.
At that time, Han Jia had sent people to investigate Luo Zheng's background.
Han Jia's efficiency wasn't low. In just a few days, they'd found the Divine Citizens of Meng Village.
At first, the answers given by the people of Mengshan Village were exactly the same as what Luo Zheng had said. He was indeed from Mengshan Village, but after a thorough investigation, they quickly uncovered some of the truth, including the conflict between Mengshan Village and Sunmoon Village, and even the return of the Evil Old Man.
At the same time, they also found out that Luo Zheng wasn't from Meng Village. He'd appeared in Meng Village less than half a year ago, and the Divine Citizens of Meng Village also didn't know about Luo Zheng's background.
Thus, Luo Zheng's identity became very suspicious. After all, Luo Zheng was deliberately hiding his identity.
"I think so too!" Han Yu also nodded. "This kid deliberately hid his identity and infiltrated our Han Family. I'm afraid he's up to no good."
The factions in Divine Dominion all developed according to the family model. They paid a lot of attention to the background of the people they nurtured. Although Han Jia wanted to recruit more geniuses, they would also nurture outsiders, but the background of these people had to be thoroughly investigated.
Except for Luo Zheng, of the sixty-seven people who were accepted into the Heaven-containing Mansion, the backgrounds of the others were quite clear. Their ancestors could be traced back to several generations.
Luo Zheng had such a terrifying talent, but his background was like a blank piece of paper, which was indeed very dazzling.
"How could there be so many conspiracies?" Han Meng smiled. "Perhaps Luo Tianxing is a prodigy from one of the Floating Island's wealthy families?"
Hanmeng also didn't believe that Luo Zheng had been born from an ordinary god. It was simply impossible for such a character to be born from a small and remote mountain village. The Realm of the Gods had developed for so many years, and all the resources had been monopolized. Talent was also constantly passed down through the bloodline. For a poor family to produce a noble son had already become a legend.
"Are there still any Floating Island's wealthy families willing to be unruly? Even if he really is unruly, would the main family be willing to accept him? "Han Yu asked again.
Han Meng looked straight at Han Yu and smiled faintly. "Since the two of you have such thoughts, how do you propose we deal with Luo Tianxing? Expel him from the Heaven-containing Mansion? As long as the two of you and 'Han Daozhi' agree, I will not hesitate in the slightest! "
At this point, Han Yu and Han Chen didn't utter a word again …
"To put it bluntly, the two of you just want me, Han Meng, to take on this responsibility. You want to recommend Luo Tianxing to the main family, but you're also afraid of his background. If something happens in the future, you don't want to be implicated." Han Meng's eyes flashed. "Since that's the case, I, Han Meng, will take on this responsibility!"
Han Meng's words had indeed exposed Han Yu and Han Chen's worries.
If the Han Family still couldn't find a suitable candidate, the main family would most likely make a move. When that time came, the ones to suffer would be the twenty-seven branches of the Han Family.
Through the Heaven-containing Mansion's examination, they had indeed seen Luo Zheng's talent. This kind of person could no longer be measured by the standards of ordinary geniuses. Even among the wealthy families of the floating islands, there had never been such a heaven-defying cultivator who had proven divinity!
In their eyes, proving divinity cultivators were like small sprouts that had just sprouted out of the ground. Luo Zheng was a little too strong. Once he condensed a godhood in the future, wouldn't it be natural for him to be chosen as a disciple of the Sage Emperor?
"Brother Han Meng, you're treating us as outsiders. Our Han Family branches have always advanced and retreated together. How could we let brother Han Meng take on the responsibility alone?"
"Yes, we'll ask Luo Tianxing in detail later. Perhaps things aren't as bad as we think?"
The two of them said somewhat awkwardly.
At this time, a voice came from outside the main pavilion. "Luo Tianxing has been brought here!"
Han Meng nodded. "Let him in."
Before long, Luo Zheng walked in.
Han Meng smiled at Luo Zheng and said politely, "Tianxing, please sit here."
Luo Zheng nodded and sat on a chair at the side. At the same time, he asked, "May I know why the Mansion Master has summoned me?"
In fact, Luo Zheng knew that since he had told them about his background, they would definitely investigate.
Although he had told them before leaving Meng Village, the Divine Citizens of Meng Village had never even entered the Divine City. He was afraid that he would not be able to hide from the people of the Heaven-containing Mansion.
Today, Han Meng had personally invited him over. He was afraid that they were going to investigate his background.
However, Luo Zheng had already made up his mind. He did not panic at all. Instead, he asked Han Meng.
When Han Meng was asked by Luo Zheng, an unnatural expression appeared on his face. That expression disappeared in a flash, and he laughed. "To tell you the truth, the disciples of the Heaven-containing Mansion are treated like family members. However, due to the rules passed down by our ancestors, there are some backgrounds that must be investigated."
Luo Zheng understood. Just as he had guessed, the Heaven-containing Mansion had really gone to Meng Village, and they had already found out that something was wrong …
"From what we have learned from Meng Village, it seems to be different from what you have said." Han Meng said again.
Han Yu and Han Chen also looked at Luo Zheng, as if they wanted to find some clues from his face.
"I am not from Meng Village." Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and openly admitted it. The three True Gods were not used to Luo Zheng's honest answer. They were slightly stunned.
Han Meng continued to ask, "Then where are you from?"
It was not important where Luo Zheng came from. What was important was that they needed a real and trustworthy background.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I can't tell you."
Of course, he would not admit that he came from the Great Yan Realm and that he was the son of Luo Xiao in order to enter the Heaven-containing Mansion. Furthermore, Luo Zheng could not fabricate an identity. With the Han family's ability, they would definitely verify his identity. It would be very easy for them to see through him, so he could only answer honestly.
Hearing this, Han Yu said coldly, "The Heaven-containing Mansion does not accept people of unknown origins."
Han Chen agreed. "That is indeed the case. I hope you can cherish this opportunity."
There was a hint of threat in their words. They were telling Luo Zheng that if he did not explain his origins, he would most likely be expelled from the Heaven-containing Mansion.
"If that is the case, then it is truly regrettable. I am afraid I will have to choose to leave the Heaven-containing Mansion." Luo Zheng's face was filled with regret. Joining the Heaven-containing Mansion was only a shortcut for Luo Zheng to reach the floating island. If this shortcut did not work, then Luo Zheng would choose another path.
But revealing his identity was too important. He could not reveal his identity for the sake of a mere Heaven-containing Mansion!
As soon as he said this, Han Chen and Han Yu choked. They wanted to threaten Luo Zheng with the Heaven-containing Mansion's qualifications, but they did not expect him to care at all.
Han Meng glanced at Han Chen and Han Yu. This Luo Tianxing was not an idiot. If he had such heaven-defying talent, which Divine Mansion would not want him? Would they care about the qualifications of the Heaven-containing Mansion?
Just as Han Meng was pondering what reason to use to convince Luo Zheng, a figure floated down from the sky above the Heaven-containing Province and slowly descended into the main pavilion of the Heaven-containing Province.
"This person can actually fly in the divine realm …"

Chapter 1793
In the divine realm, only upper true gods had the right to fly.
Luo Zheng didn't understand the rules set by the sages. It wasn't that godhood experts, lower true gods, and middle true gods couldn't fly. It was just that their abilities were restricted.
However, Old Man Evil's explanation cleared up Luo Zheng's doubts.
Those who entered the sea of time first wanted to solidify their position, so they would use all sorts of methods to prevent other families from rising.
Thus, in the middle ages, several families came together and set this rule on the Governing Slate, limiting upper true gods to the ability to fly. Only peak true gods could use the law of space …
This way, the latecomers lost many opportunities. After all, there were many forbidden areas in the divine realm that couldn't be explored.
Thus, there were very few latecomers who ascended to sainthood!
The person in the sky descended, landing firmly in the main pavilion.
After he landed, a faint aura of dignity spread out. This person didn't release any soul pressure, but he already had a natural aura. This aura didn't come from him, but from his inner world.
The inner world of an upper True God had already been completed. The inner world had become a huge whole, which was why it gave off such a majestic feeling. It was just like how Shi Xiaoqiao, who was on the second floor of the dungeon, gave Luo Zheng an indescribable feeling of mystery.
This person looked very young, but there was a faint trace of lethargy on his face. He must have lived for a long time. His bone age was probably unimaginably old!
Han Meng, Han Chen, and Han Yu all stood up and bowed to that person. Luo Zheng naturally stood up as well. Although it looked like the Heaven-containing Mansion wanted to expel him, at the very least, Luo Zheng would not forget the basic etiquette.
This person was the Han Daozhi mentioned by Han Meng. He was also the patriarch of one of the Han family's twenty-seven branches.
A few days ago, Han Daozhi had heard about Luo Tianxing. Later, he found out that this person's background was unknown. Today, he would be the one to make the decision.
After replying to everyone present, Han Daozhi kept sizing up Luo Zheng. When he saw Luo Zheng's clothes, he said, "What kind of treasure are these clothes you're wearing?"
When Han Daozhi asked this, Han Meng and the others also paid attention to Luo Zheng's clothes. Luo Zheng's dark-colored clothes looked very ordinary. Normal true gods wouldn't be able to see anything out of the ordinary.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Before he could answer Han Daozhi's question, Han Daozhi suddenly stretched out his hand. Sharp red spikes appeared between his fingers, and he grabbed at Luo Zheng's chest!
Even though Han Daozhi hadn't used his full strength, he was still an upper true god who had cultivated the divine way to a higher level. The speed of this sudden attack was shockingly fast. Not only was Luo Zheng unable to react in time, but even Han Meng and the others were completely caught off guard.
"Creak …"
This grab was like a black bear digging out its heart. Even if a true god was grabbed, their heart would be dug out instantly.
However, when Han Daozhi's sharp claws touched Luo Zheng's clothes, it only made a sharp friction sound. It didn't even leave a mark on Luo Zheng's clothes.
As the patriarch of one of the Han family's branches, Han Daozhi's strength was unquestionable. Just now, Han Daozhi's casual grab contained power that normal true gods couldn't resist. Many upper true gods started to condense nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier in order to break through to the consummate level. For example, Han Daozhi condensed six stars that contained the source of power!
When they saw this scene, the eyes of Han Meng, Han Chen, and Han Yu shone brightly!
They didn't think that Luo Zheng had such a protective treasure on him …
Luo Zheng took Han Daozhi's grab and retreated a few steps, his brows furrowed.
In Six Ren Divine City, martial artists were restricted by the rules of the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet. Martial artists couldn't casually attack each other. If two people challenged each other, they would have to pay one Shenwu Coin. However, this upper true god attacked as soon as they met, as if he wasn't restricted by the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet at all.
Luo Zheng was a bit angry, but he quickly controlled his emotions. Some people were born free from the rules. Luo Zheng wasn't naive enough to think that everyone in the Han family was kind. To the weak, there wasn't much to reason with. He entered Six Ren Divine City alone and displayed a certain amount of talent and strength. It was a risk in itself.
At this moment, he had to endure.
If he really angered these people, he might not even be able to leave Six Ren Divine City!
"What's the meaning of this?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"Nothing. I just wanted to test you. Brat, your reaction isn't bad!" Han Daozhi chuckled. He didn't care whether Luo Zheng agreed or not. He turned into a blur and charged at Luo Zheng.
Han Daozhi's speed far surpassed Luo Zheng's reaction. Before Luo Zheng could react, a pair of sharp claws had already reached for Luo Zheng's chest.
On one hand, Han Daozhi wanted to test Luo Zheng's reaction and strength. On the other hand, he seemed to be trying to determine what material Luo Zheng's concentric garment was made of!
However, his actions were too rude. After all, Luo Zheng was still restricted by the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet. He didn't know if he could fight back. Moreover, Han Daozhi was an upper true god. Toying with Luo Zheng was as easy as an eagle catching a chick.
Luo Zheng instinctively leaned back, his body twisting backward like a carp. At the same time, he took a sword step forward in an unimaginable way!
Han Daozhi's claws brushed past Luo Zheng's chest, but in the end, they didn't touch Luo Zheng at all. Luo Zheng really did dodge the attack …
"Hm?"
Han Daozhi didn't manage to grab Luo Zheng. He took a few steps forward and pinched his right hand, an awkward expression on his face.
Even though Han Daozhi was toying with Luo Zheng, it wasn't something a mere proof god expert could dodge. Forget Luo Zheng, even Han Meng, Han Chen, and the others wouldn't be able to dodge it easily!
"Senior, I've already passed the Heaven Containing Palace's examination. If you still want to test me …" Luo Zheng's tone had a hint of anger.
"Nice movement technique! Interesting! " Han Daozhi didn't listen to Luo Zheng at all. He turned around and pounced again, his speed increasing by 30%.
This time, Luo Zheng used his movement technique again, and even used Eight Zigzag Flying Mist. His entire body fluttered like a willow leaf. However, Han Daozhi's speed was far beyond what Luo Zheng could handle. Eight Zigzag Flying Mist was most afraid of absolute speed. Han Daozhi flashed behind Luo Zheng, one hand grabbing Luo Zheng's collar like lightning, and threw him far away!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's body spun in the air for a while, then smashed into the other side of the main pavilion.
Fortunately, Han Daozhi had gone easy on him. Luo Zheng twisted his body in midair, glided lightly on the ground for a while, then flipped over and stood back up!
However, as soon as he stood up, he felt a vast force coming from behind him. It pushed him a few steps forward and he almost fell to the ground again. He was in a very sorry state!
Han Meng, Han Chen, and Han Yu looked at each other, their hearts in turmoil.
They'd asked Han Daozhi to decide whether Luo Zheng should stay or leave. After all, he was the head of this branch. They never would've thought that Han Daozhi wouldn't ask about Luo Zheng's background, nor would he discuss Luo Zheng's future. Instead, he'd make a fool out of Luo Tianxing!
What was the point of an upper true god toying with a Proof of Divinity cultivator? Or rather, did he have any sense of shame?
Besides, Luo Zheng had already acted very tough. Wouldn't Han Daozhi's actions completely offend Luo Tianxing?
Han Meng's heart sank. After a moment's hesitation, he reached out and shouted, "Head of the family …"
Han Daozhi ignored Han Meng. He laughed with relish, "You still haven't fallen? Heh heh! I don't believe it! "With that, he turned into a gust of wind again and floated toward Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a fierce light. He respected this person as an upper true god, but this person had gone too far. Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he clawed at Han Daozhi with one hand.
Han Daozhi's expression was one of disdain. A Proof of Divinity cultivator's meager strength was as weak as a baby's to him. He reached out with his left hand, wanting to push Luo Zheng's right hand away!
But as soon as he did, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly changed. It was like a pair of iron pliers, clamping down on Han Daozhi.
With Han Daozhi's reaction speed, it was actually very easy for him to avoid Luo Zheng.
However, he didn't do that. He waited until Luo Zheng had clamped down on his arm, then used brute force to break free from Luo Zheng's grasp.
But when he tried to break free, his expression suddenly froze!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1794
Luo Zheng didn't want to offend this guy.
But to be toyed with like an ant … even a Buddha would get angry!
As Luo Zheng attacked, the Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars in his body spun madly, and the surging power formed a torrent that instantly gathered in his hands!
Aside from being able to bear thirty-five percent of the power source himself, he also released the remaining seventy percent through the "Transcendence Mystical Power". This seventy percent power formed an invisible hand that grabbed the middle of his opponent's arm.
At this moment, it was as if Luo Zheng had three hands that grabbed Han Daozhi at the same time.
Han Daozhi was an upper level True God, and had already condensed six stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Six Stars, so he also had his own power source.
However, the six stars hidden in his body were much smaller than Luo Zheng's.
The Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars in Luo Zheng's body came from Saint Jiu's power source, and at that time, he had absorbed a third of Saint Jiu's power source. Though Luo Zheng's efficiency in using this power source was far inferior to Saint Jiu's, and far inferior to Han Daozhi's, the pure outpouring of power was still very terrifying!
Moreover, Han Daozhi completely didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to explode with such terrifying power. He felt as if Luo Zheng's hands were a pair of iron pincers, and there was even an invisible hand grabbing him at the same time. Moreover, the power of that invisible hand was even stronger, and for a moment, his arms were creaking.
This power only lasted for an instant. Luo Zheng flipped over, twisted his hand, and suddenly threw Han Daozhi behind him!
Under the tremendous power, Han Daozhi couldn't resist at all. Countless question marks were written on his lethargic face as he saw his body fly away from Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed, involuntarily flying, and then heavily smashing into the wall of the main pavilion.
That wall seemed to be made of flour, instantly turning into dust, completely unable to stop Han Daozhi's momentum.
"Hong long, hong long, hong long, hong long …"
After smashing through seven or eight walls, relying on Han Daozhi's own power, he finally stopped his momentum and smashed into the ground …
Han Daozhi was covered in dust. As he flew through the air, he smashed through a few pots of fresh flowers. Several fresh and juicy flowers were stuck in his head. He looked both wretched and strange.
Lying on the ground, Han Daozhi was still in a daze. It took him seven or eight breaths to react. When he got up, he saw a room full of people behind him. Old Man Wu was teaching the students of the Heaven-Containing Palace.
When he saw Han Daozhi barge in, his mouth gaped open. Old Man Wu rarely saw Han Daozhi, but he knew that he was the head of a branch of the Han Family. He stammered, "M-Clan Head, are you alright?"
Many of the students were from the Han Family branch, and they also looked at their leader with strange expressions. Han Daozhi was an upper true god, and in Six Ren Divine City, who could make him look so miserable?
Everyone looked as if they had seen a ghost, or rather, it was easier to accept seeing a ghost than seeing this scene!
Han Daozhi shook his head and smiled helplessly. "It's nothing. I was just sparring with a little fellow. But there was a little accident …"
"Little, little fellow?" Old Man Wu's eyes twitched. He suddenly had a premonition that this little fellow couldn't be Luo Tianxing, right? But then again, that didn't seem likely. Luo Tianxing was a mere proof god. No matter how heaven-defying he was, there was no way he could've thrown Han Daozhi aside.
Han Daozhi was very embarrassed. He had lost a lot of face this time, so he got up and crawled back into the hole.
Old Man Wu wanted to confirm his guess. He took a few steps forward and stuck his head out to look.
A series of holes had been created in the walls of the Heaven-containing Palace. The holes were arranged in a straight line, so the old man surnamed Wu's gaze could directly fall on the main pavilion. With one look, his pupils suddenly widened!
Luo Tianxing stood in the middle of the hole in the main pavilion, looking over with a cold gaze ….
"It's, it's really that kid?"
Old Man Wu's face paled, and he couldn't say a word.
At this time, Old Man Wu was not the only one who was speechless. In the main pavilion, Han Meng, Han Chen, and Han Yu were also staring with their eyes wide open, their expressions stupefied.
In truth, when Han Daozhi had made his move, the three of them hadn't approved of it.
The Heaven-Containing Palace's goal was to send a qualified genius to the main family and resolve the crisis of trust the main family had in them. And from Luo Tianxing's performance, they could see that he had the qualifications. Han Daozhi's "probing" was completely meaningless.
But as the patriarch of a branch of the Han Family, Han Daozhi's personality wasn't stable. His bone age was already over thirty god eras, and he could be considered an "old man" of the Han Family. Although he'd lived for a long time, he wasn't a stable person.
Many True Gods, after their skeletal age exceeded a certain limit, would allow their appearance to age. Therefore, the Realm of the Gods was filled with 'old grandpa' level True Gods. Because they had lived for too long, their bodies would naturally exude a lethargic aura. They might be able to change their appearance to that of a youth in their teens, but it was completely incompatible with the lethargic aura they exuded!
But there were some women with long lifespans who could use secret techniques to get rid of their lethargy. No matter how long they'd lived, they were still beautiful and charming.
Han Daozhi hadn't gotten rid of his lethargy, but he still had an extremely youthful appearance. From this point alone, one could see that his personality wasn't reliable!
One's personality wasn't absolutely related to one's strength. Han Daozhi's talent wasn't bad, and he'd almost been taken in as a disciple by the Sage Emperor. Unfortunately, he'd been too careless and lost an extremely important opportunity in his life. In the end, he'd taken the initiative to leave Han Family's floating island and return to the Han Family branch, becoming its patriarch.
In a fit of anger, Luo Zheng had thrown Han Daozhi out. Even now, his face was shrouded in a layer of fury.
The Malevolent Old Man was also quite shocked inside Luo Zheng's mind. However, he'd seen Luo Zheng reveal many secrets and knew Luo Zheng's background, so it was easier for him to accept it than others. But now that Luo Zheng had actually attacked Han Daozhi, he couldn't help but say, "Too impulsive, too impulsive. Your strength is shocking, but in a real fight, you might not be a match for a lower true god, and an intermediate true god can easily kill you. Han Daozhi is considered one of the best among upper true gods. Offending him will make you miserable!"
The Malevolent Old Man had been in the Vast Sky Domain for a long time, so he'd naturally heard of Han Daozhi. In the Han Family ancestral land, aside from a few old fellows who'd retired and returned to their ancestral land, Han Daozhi was probably the strongest. Now that Luo Zheng had been caught off guard, he'd made a fool of himself.
"If I keep tolerating him, what will he do?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind. "He's only doing this to force me to my limits or to investigate my background. I can die, but there are some things that I definitely won't reveal."
His father had indeed placed his greatest hope on him, but he wasn't the only one. After all, there was still Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the other Daozis in the Great Evolution Universe.
Hearing this, the Malevolent Old Man fell silent. He could feel the determination emanating from Luo Zheng, and he also understood how heavy of a target Luo Zheng was shouldering. His background was indeed extraordinary. He was both the son of a Sage and the disciple of another Sage. However, under his unique circumstances, he still had to pay a much greater price than ordinary people.
Luo Zheng's gaze was as calm as a still lake as he watched Han Daozhi pass through.
Han Daozhi passed through the hole and lightly shook his body. An invisible force spread out from his body, and all the dust, stones, and leaves disappeared. His entire body was clean, and his expression was unreadable.
Han Meng and the other two didn't say a word. They didn't dare to say anything now. Although Han Daozhi's temperament was strange, he was still the leader of a branch of the Han Family. They didn't know how he planned to deal with Luo Zheng. This guy's personality had always been unpredictable.

Chapter 1795
With Han Daozhi's words, the tension in the main pavilion eased.
Luo Zheng let out a small sigh of relief, but his tone didn't soften. "If you still want to test me, I'll withdraw from Heaven-Containing Prefecture. Everyone wants to go to the floating island, but this isn't my only chance!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Han Meng sighed inwardly.
Heaven-Containing Prefecture had plenty of extremely talented Proving Gods, and quite a few of them were madmen, but no one could guarantee that they'd be able to enter the floating island! He could see the absolute confidence on Luo Zheng's face, and he also believed that Luo Zheng had the strength to do so.
Even if he didn't rely on Heaven-Containing Prefecture's help, it wouldn't be too difficult for him to enter the floating island.
"Kid, you don't seem to be happy?" Han Daozhi chuckled at Luo Zheng. "You almost broke my old bones. I'm not going to settle this score with you …"
Luo Zheng said seriously, "Prefecture Lord said before that Heaven-Containing Prefecture doesn't accept people of unknown origins!"
Han Daozhi blinked and stared at Han Meng.
In truth, they'd called Han Daozhi over to discuss this matter, but Han Daozhi had attacked as soon as he'd appeared. He was interested in Luo Zheng's true strength, but he'd also tested Luo Zheng's inexplicable strength!
"Who said you're someone of unknown origins? Isn't your name Luo Tianxing? He was born in Meng Village outside of Mirror City in Long Sky Domain. He was born in Meng Village, outside of Mirror City in Long Sky Domain. He has been eating strange things since he was a child, which gave him extraordinary talents and great strength. He was taught by an expert … "Heart of the Dao made up a long story, and even made up some stories about Luo Tianxing's childhood.
Han Meng's face lit up. It looked like Han Daozhi was on his side. Luo Tianxing's background was checked by the Han Family branch. The main family had been on the floating island for a long time, and there were many things they couldn't investigate so thoroughly. Usually, whatever the branch said, the other side would believe. As long as Han Daozhi was willing to help Luo Tianxing forge an identity, there wouldn't be much of a problem.
"What if, I mean what if …" A trace of vigilance appeared on Han Chen's face. "It's not that I don't trust Luo Tianxing, but what if Luo Tianxing really has some sort of conspiracy? What if it's exposed …"
Han Daozhi glanced lazily at Han Chen, displeasure written all over his face. "You're in no position to shoulder this responsibility. Who knows, maybe the main family will be pissed at me and remove me from the position of family head. Then you'll have a chance to climb up, right?"
"Patriarch …" Han Chen's face was filled with embarrassment.
Han Daozhi couldn't be bothered with Han Chen and Han Yu. His expression changed quickly. Just a moment ago, he was unhappy, but now he was full of excitement. He turned to Luo Zheng and smiled. "Are you satisfied now? Since I'm such an interesting person, why don't you teach me the secret of cultivating strength? Hehehe … "
Only Han Daozhi knew how terrifying Luo Zheng's fall was. Others had only broken a few walls, but didn't know that Han Daozhi had used almost all of his strength to stabilize himself. Otherwise, it wouldn't have been a matter of breaking a few walls, but his body would've fallen apart!
It wasn't realistic for a Proof of Divinity cultivator to have such strength. It was beyond the realm of common sense. The Proof of Divinity cultivators raised by the great clans of Floating Island were also very strong, but Han Daozhi had encountered them before.
Han Cangyan, who was at the peak of his power, had a fortuitous encounter in the forbidden grounds of god refinement and cultivated great strength as well. However, when he was a realm lord, he was still far from the current Luo Tianxing.
"No comment." Luo Zheng knew this person was joking, but he still replied stiffly.
"I can give you the Han Family's secret scriptures …" Han Daozhi smiled.
Han Meng coughed dryly. "Since patriarch agrees to keep Luo Tianxing, do you want to wait until the Han Family sends someone over next year, or recommend him now?"
"Next year?" Han Daozhi smirked. "If we wait until next year, it'll be too late!"
"What do you mean?" Han Meng was slightly taken aback. He didn't quite understand what Han Daozhi was saying.
"The six branches already sent people to the Sea of Time a day ago!" Han Daozhi said coldly.
"Six branches!" Han Meng frowned. The thing he was most worried about had happened.
The twenty-seven branches of the Han Clan weren't a monolithic block. Some of the experts on the floating island came from the branches. These branches had a closer relationship with the experts from the main branch. The secondary sage of the main branch, Aunt Han Jiu, was from one of the six branches!
When Luo Zheng was acknowledged by the Violet Cloud Divine Dao, many people had seen it. Han Meng had been worried about this since then.
Aunt Hanjiu had an agreement with the Han family branch that anyone who could cultivate the Purple Qi Divine Dao would be accepted as a disciple by her. Previously, the Heaven-containing Prefecture had always followed this agreement and sent all the women who had the Extreme Violet Yin Body and were recognized by the Purple Qi Divine Dao to Aunt Hanjiu.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have the Extreme Violet Yin Body. Although he was acknowledged by the Violet Cloud Divine Dao, there had to be other reasons.
Aunt Hanjiu was the Han Family's secondary sage, second only to the Han Family's Sage Emperor. It was said that she had always been rude and unreasonable in the Han Family. Even the Sage Emperor had to give her some leeway. If she knew about this and forced Luo Zheng, the Heavenly Palace wouldn't be able to withstand it!
However, Han Meng hadn't expected the six branches to act so quickly. It had only been a few days, but they'd already sent someone to the Sea of Time!
"What should we do?" Han Meng's face revealed an anxious expression.
Han Daozhi chuckled. "I'm even faster. The second day after the exam, I sent someone over. I'm sure they'll be faster than the six branches. When the time comes, we'll send Luo Tianxing to Floating Island. If Aunt Hanjiu wants someone, she can ask the main branch!"
"This … the Patriarch is wise." Han Meng looked surprised. He sighed inwardly. The Patriarch's way of doing things was hard to fathom, but he was always one step ahead of them. His reactions were much faster than theirs.
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in their discussion. It didn't matter who helped him enter Floating Island. Since the Han Family's branches were willing to cooperate with him, it couldn't be better. If the Han Family didn't suspect him, then the other families on Floating Island had even less reason to suspect him.
After bidding farewell to the main pavilion, Luo Zheng didn't return to his residence. Instead, he went to Gold Coin Alley.
Han Daozhi had already informed Floating Island Han Jia. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to stay in Liuren Divine City for much longer. He had to hurry and investigate the origin of the 'mud'. He didn't expect Heavenly Prefecture to help him condense a godhood. The 'mud' from the Tieh Family was the key to condensing a godhood!
In Gold Coin Alley, Tieh Lin was bored to death watching over her family's stall.
She didn't participate in the Heavenly Prefecture's exam this time. It wasn't that the Tieh Family couldn't take out a spot. With Tieh Lin's' management skills', not to mention one or two spots, even ten spots wouldn't be excessive.
It was just that Tieh Lin's cultivation talent was average. With her own strength, condensing a godhood would take a long time. In the future, she'd probably have to implant a masterless godhood.
When Luo Zheng appeared in front of Tieh Lin, her eyes released a strange light. Those familiar with her knew that she'd only reveal this look when she saw shenwu coins.

Chapter 1796
When the girl saw Luo Zheng, she smiled faintly and asked, "What do you want to buy this time? I dug up a few more pieces of mud! "
"What?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled. His gaze fell on the stall in front of her. Sure enough, there were a few pieces of mud on the stall …
However, this time, Luo Zheng's inner world did not react like last time. This meant that these pieces of mud were genuine mud! This girl from the Tie Family was really daring. She actually dug up a few pieces of mud and dared to sell them!
It turned out that after Tie Clan sold that piece of mud to Luo Zheng, there were different opinions within the clan. At that time, Tie Lin's second uncle had already determined that that piece of mud was not an ordinary item. Later on, Tie Clan lost their patience after multiple appraisals. They could only throw that piece of mud to Tie Lin casually. After all, nobody knew the purpose and origin of that piece of mud.
Luo Zheng naturally did not know the inside story of the Tie Family. He also did not expect that his "buying horse bones with a thousand gold coins" would have a series of effects.
The Tie Family never expected that someone would actually spend 500 Shenwu coins to buy a piece of mud that day!
In the eyes of the Tie Family, Luo Tianxing was definitely not a fool. He was willing to pay such a high price and Luo Zheng's shocking performance in the Heaven-Containing Prefecture. The Tie Family was certain of the mud's value even though they did not know the use of the mud!
A portion of the Tie Family was very regretful. They felt that Tie Lin had made a loss in this transaction. Two days ago, someone actually jumped out to criticize Tie Lin.
Tie Lin herself did not care about these voices of the Tie Family. Those pedantic elders in the family were getting worse and worse. Even if the mud was really an extraordinary treasure, since the transaction was done, the money and goods were no longer relevant.
In the little girl's world view, doing business was to pursue the greatest profit. Therefore, she was not soft-hearted when she ripped off people.
However, she was very particular about integrity. Even if she lost a lot of treasures, she would not regret it.
During this period of time, everyone in the Tie Clan was busy. On one hand, it was for Tie Yan's participation in the Heaven Concealment examination. On the other hand, it was for that piece of mud. The Tie Clan had turned over the hill where the mud was found. They hoped to dig up a second piece of mud. Unfortunately, they had not found anything so far.
On the other hand, Tie Lin casually dug out some mud outside Liuren Divine City and set a price of five Shenwu coins per piece. There were some people who came to try their luck and bought it. After all, Luo Zheng had spent five hundred Shenwu coins, and they could buy the exact same piece of mud for only five Shenwu coins. They felt like they had profited. Perhaps there was something special about this piece of mud?
Tie Lin didn't think that she was deceiving people. What was the use of the mud? It was up to the individual to figure it out. Maybe the piece that Luo Zheng bought was also ordinary mud?
A random piece of mud from the ground could be sold for five Shenwu coins. Such a thing was unheard of in the Alley of Gold Coins!
In those few days, Tie Lin really sold more than twenty pieces of mud and earned more than a hundred Shenwu coins for the Tie Clan!
The True Gods next door were all envious!
Seeing that the little girl's mud was selling so well, they all started to imitate her. Suddenly, there were many people selling mud in the Alley of Gold Coins …
Some True Gods who didn't know the inside story came to the Alley of Gold Coins and were stunned by this scene. They even suspected that the people in the Alley of Gold Coins had lost their minds.
As the number of people selling mud increased, the competition became more and more intense. Therefore, some people started to make up stories and boast about how magical their piece of mud was. They even said that it was a miracle pill.
Those True Gods weren't fools. After being tricked by Tie Lin at the beginning, it was hard for anyone to fall for it. Tie Lin also despised those who imitated her. Now that the mud couldn't be sold, she was thinking of new ideas. She didn't expect Luo Tianxing to appear in front of her again.
"I'm not buying anything." Luo Zheng shook his head and replied.
Tie Lin smiled faintly, as if she saw through Luo Zheng's thoughts. "I know. You want to find out where the mud was dug up, right?"
"Not really." Luo Zheng laughed.
Luo Zheng was indeed here for this matter. However, since he knew that this little girl was so cunning, why would he stretch his neck and let her take advantage of him again?
"Oh?" Tie Lin's face showed a hint of surprise. "Not for this matter? Then what is it for? "
Tie Lin had already made up her mind. The mountain where the mud was dug up originally belonged to the Tie Clan. Although it was a mess now, in her opinion, it was still very attractive to Luo Zheng. She planned to sell the entire mountain to Luo Zheng directly.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's reply made her unable to say what she originally wanted to say.
"I'm looking for your brother, Tie Yan. He agreed to let me visit your Tie Clan," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Before entering the Temple of Inquiry, Luo Zheng had a short contact with Tie Yan. Tie Yan's personality was simple and honest, much easier to deal with than Tie Lin. However, Tie Yan didn't pass the Heaven-Containing House's examination. After the examination, Luo Zheng hadn't seen him again. Now, he could only look for her brother through Tie Lin.
"My brother …" Tie Lin's thin eyebrows slightly knitted. In the end, she was still too young. After her idea fell through, her face revealed a depressed expression.
She knew her brother's personality the best. He was honest, honest, and extremely stubborn. Once he agreed to something, it was very difficult to change his mind. Even if Tie Lin's mouth was full of flowers, she wouldn't be able to persuade Tie Yan at all. If her brother really agreed to this matter, she naturally didn't expect to extort Luo Zheng again.
What a pity. She silently said in her heart. However, after thinking about it, this Luo Tianxing had been the talk of the town recently. It was said that he would definitely be able to enter the floating island.
Tie Clan definitely didn't have the qualifications to rope in such a person. However, if they could form a good relationship with Luo Tianxing, it would be greatly beneficial to Tie Clan if he really made a name for himself in the future.
Doing business wasn't always measured by "shenwu coins". There were some favors that couldn't be exchanged with shenwu coins. After thinking through this point, Tie Lin no longer hesitated. She told Tie Yan where he lived in Liuren Divine City. At the same time, she urged Luo Zheng to comfort her brother.
Tie Yan was ranked fifty-sixth on the list. This time, sixty-seven people passed the Heaven-Containing House's examination. Tie Yan was naturally depressed that he was eliminated. According to the ranking, he should have passed the examination. Unfortunately, obtaining the recognition of the dao stele didn't depend on the ranking. It was based on one's affinity with the divine dao. There were a few Proof of Divinity cultivators ranked in the thirties who didn't pass the examination.
Luo Zheng immediately agreed to Tie Lin's request.
Tie Clan still had some properties in Liuren Divine City. Following Tie Lin's guidance, he quickly found Tie Yan.
Tie Yan's mood was indeed somewhat low these days. However, his temperament didn't affect him too much. Instead, he was even more determined. If he didn't pass the examination this year, he could just try again next year. If he didn't pass the examination next year, he would try again the year after. For Proof of Divinity cultivators, a few decades was nothing.
Three days later, under Tie Yan's lead, Luo Zheng left Liuren Divine City and headed towards Tie Clan.
As the Han Clan's ancestral land, Liuren Domain was much larger than ordinary small domains.
Although Tie Clan was said to be just outside Liuren Divine City, it was still very far away. Luo Zheng and Tie Yan only rushed back half a month later.
In the eyes of the Tie Clan, Luo Zheng, this genius who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, was already an honored guest. However, after a round of warm hospitality, the elders of the Tie Clan tried to fish for information from Luo Zheng. They wanted to know what the use of that piece of mud was.
How could Luo Zheng explain it to them? He could only brush them off perfunctorily. Tie Clan's elders saw that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to answer, so they stopped asking.
After a round of hospitality, Tie Yan brought Luo Zheng out of Tie Clan's residence and headed towards the mountain where Tie Clan had dug out the mysterious mud.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the mountain peak, he was speechless when he saw the huge hole full of potholes. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Tie Clan had dug three feet into the ground for that mud.
However, it seemed like Tie Clan didn't gain anything.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1797
Around the mountaintop, there were some members of the Tie Clan who were either sitting or standing. All of them were quietly sizing up Luo Tianxing.
The fact that a piece of mud was sold for 500 Shenwu coins had shocked every member of the clan. The elders of the Tie Clan had also said that whoever could dig up that kind of mud would be rewarded handsomely by the clan!
Because of these rewards, everyone in the Tie Clan had moved out. Even the women and children of the Tie Clan had come to try their luck.
However, no matter how hard they dug, there was only ordinary mud at the bottom of the mountain. They didn't come across any strange mud that could run, jump, or possess spirituality …
Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the huge pit and looked down. There was actually a huge pit that was 3000 feet deep at the bottom of the mountain!
It was impossible for the God Folk to do this. To be able to dig up such a huge pit in such a short time, it must have been done by the Tie Clan's True Gods. Moreover, there must have been a middle-level True God involved.
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. These True Gods were really different from what he had imagined.
Back when Luo Zheng was in the Great Yan Universe, the Illusion God was a lofty existence. They didn't eat the food of mortals and looked down on all living beings below them. They were omnipotent and nothing could restrict them.
After arriving at the Divine Domain, Luo Zheng realized that these True Gods were more 'human' than ordinary people to a certain extent.
For example, the martial artists in the Great Yan Universe would usually choose to abstain from eating in order to preserve the purity of their bodies. This would save them a lot of trouble. If they didn't abstain from eating, they would have to consume the five grains every day and purify their bodies every once in a while.
However, the True Gods in the Divine Domain rarely chose to abstain from eating. They saw all kinds of delicacies as a great pleasure.
There were many True Gods in the Tie Clan, but because of the benefits of the 500 Shenwu coins, they dug up such a huge pit crazily. Every one of them was influenced, dominated, and driven crazy by the Shenwu coins …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng faintly felt that something was wrong. He asked in his mind again, "Old Man Extreme Evil, what is the use of the Shenwu coins?"
Just from the value of the Shenwu coins, the value of the Shenwu coins was terrifying. Martial artists who proved themselves to be gods worked hard for many years and could only save up one Shenwu coin. However, Luo Zheng was curious about the source of the Shenwu coins' value. What was the basis of this dark and swarthy piece of round plate?
"Hehehe …" Old Man Extreme Evil laughed. "I will tell you when you enter the floating island................. of course........... Shenwu coins..
It was no secret that Shenwu Coins could be found all over the Celestial Domain. Because of this, Luo Zheng did not dare to ask. If he did not even have basic knowledge, others might suspect his origins again.
The Evil Old Man kept Luo Zheng in suspense, so Luo Zheng didn't force him.
.......... and a........................
Luo Zheng couldn't distinguish the mud, but his inner world could. His inner world was like a starving puppy. Once it got close to the special "mud", it would impatiently transmit a strong consciousness!
After Luo Zheng slid down, Tie Yan followed behind him. Tie Yan wasn't greedy. Since he had brought Luo Zheng to the Tie Clan, he would definitely help him to the end. He only followed Luo Zheng for safety reasons.
Not long after, Luo Zheng slid to the bottom of the pit.
The pit was three hundred feet deep. Before that, the soil was soft and moist. After three hundred feet, the soil disappeared and was replaced by black gangue. These gangue were relatively sturdy. It wouldn't be easy for Luo Zheng to break it.
Standing at the bottom of the pit, Luo Zheng looked around. His inner world's consciousness was still immersed. It didn't respond at all.
Although Luo Zheng was mentally prepared, he couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.
That special mud was indeed very difficult to find. It was already very lucky for him to find a piece. The chances of finding another one here were very slim.
"The Tie Clan has been trying their best to find it. If they could find a piece, Tie Yan would definitely give it to Brother Tianxing. Unfortunately, they didn't." Tie Yan shook his head.
If Tie Lin heard her brother's words, she would probably explode in anger. A piece of mud could be exchanged for 500 Shenwu coins from Luo Tianxing! The Tie Clan wasn't rich. 500 Shenwu coins was a huge sum. How could they give it to him?
If someone else said this, they would definitely think that they were just showing off. However, Tie Yan was simple and honest. He always meant what he said. The Tie Clan really didn't find that kind of mud. If they did, he would definitely do it!
"It's okay. I'm already very lucky to be able to find a clue," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
As he spoke, he wandered around the bottom of the pit. At the same time, he constantly paid attention to the movements in his inner world. Once his inner world reacted, the result was self-evident!
After circling around the pit a few times, Luo Zheng asked, "Tie Lin said that her Second Uncle dug it out from under a big tree. Do you know the original location of the big tree?"
This place had been dug beyond recognition. All the trees had been removed. Luo Zheng naturally couldn't see where it was.
"The Tie Clan dug this place with the big tree as the center. Logically speaking, it should be in the center of the pit," Tie Yan answered truthfully.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the center of the pit. After wandering around for a while, Luo Zheng couldn't help but let out a sigh. If he couldn't find that kind of mud here, he didn't know when he would encounter it again.
If he couldn't find that mud, perhaps he really couldn't condense a godhood. Then, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique would be considered to have reached the end. He couldn't even enter the True God Realm. How could he realize his greater ambitions and plans?
"Did you find anything?" Tie Yan asked with concern.
Luo Zheng revealed a bitter smile and shook his head. "Let's go. Let's climb up and take a look …"
Since he didn't find anything in the pit, Luo Zheng could only walk around. However, he knew that the chances of finding the outside were even lower.
Tie Yan was also slightly disappointed. He had invited Luo Zheng to the Tie Clan with the approval of the Tie Clan.
A portion of the Tie Clan might be greedy for shenwu coins and strongly opposed outsiders entering this place. However, Tie Yan believed that it was better to be on good terms with Luo Tianxing than to earn shenwu coins. A clan's development couldn't be without shenwu coins, but shenwu coins couldn't decide everything.
Thus, Luo Zheng climbed up from the other side. Just as Luo Zheng was climbing along the small path, he suddenly felt a slight tremor in his body!
Because of that slight tremor, Luo Zheng's entire body froze on the spot. A strange light flashed in his eyes.
"Seems like it's here …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Although the movement in his body was rather weak, Luo Zheng still caught it.
Perhaps it was because the reaction to the special "mud" was very weak, and the consciousness in his body wasn't very certain. However, it still sent a trace of a signal to Luo Zheng.
"Brother Tianxing?" Tie Yan, who was behind him, saw Luo Zheng suddenly stop and asked curiously.
Luo Zheng turned around and smiled at Tie Yan. "Can I dig here?"
"It's fine." Tie Yan waved his hand. He sincerely hoped that Luo Zheng would be able to find what he wanted.
Luo Zheng reached out and placed his hand on the scabbard. Suddenly, the Da Qian Heavy Sword appeared in his hand. Then, with a gentle twist, the Da Qian Heavy Sword suddenly spun and pointed at the side of the pit!
"Pop!"
The Da Qian Heavy Sword touched the soft soil. The power within was like an invisible ripple that began to spin along with the soil!
After Luo Zheng withdrew the Da Qian Heavy Sword, a circular passage about six to seven zhang long appeared in front of him. This passage seemed to have been carved out with a sharp knife. It was neat and tidy, enough to show Luo Zheng's foundation in using power.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and rushed into the passage in the blink of an eye.
The moment he entered the passage, the consciousness in his body gradually became clearer. Luo Zheng's heart also began to beat faster. There was indeed more than one piece of that special mud!

Chapter 1798
Tie Yan didn't follow Luo Zheng into the cave.
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, the people of the Tie Family above the big pit all showed signs of interest. It seemed that Luo Zheng had indeed discovered something!
It had to be said that the people of the Tie Family felt somewhat aggrieved now.
Luo Tianxing was digging in their Tie Clan's territory, and the Tie Clan could only watch helplessly. Anyone would feel unhappy.
However, they didn't know what that thing was!
They had directly shaved off a layer of a mountain and dug a big pit, but they still couldn't find it. Luo Tianxing hadn't been here for long, and he had already discovered some clues …
"If Luo Tianxing really found the mud, would we really let him take it away?"
"I really don't want to let this kid take advantage of us!"
"What else can we do? Let's not talk about anything else. Even if we really found the mud, what's the use of it? Let Tie Lin sell it? Don't you know that there are people selling mud everywhere in the Money Alley? "
Some of the people of the Tie Family also realized the crux of the problem.
Even if they really found the spiritual mud, they wouldn't be able to sell it at a high price in the Money Alley. Others wouldn't believe the Tie Family. Who could be sure that the mud of the Tie Family was the mud that Luo Zheng bought? Even if it was really the same as Luo Zheng's mud, it was useless to buy it. No one knew the purpose of this mud.
Moreover, there were even rumors that Luo Tianxing and the Tie Family had teamed up to play a double act and sold the ordinary mud at a sky-high price just to deceive some people who didn't know the truth …
The elders of the Tie Family weren't fools. They listened to Tie Yan's suggestion and let Tie Yan lead Luo Zheng to the Tie Family after careful consideration. Even if the mud that Luo Zheng dug was indeed something extremely rare, Luo Zheng's insight was like a torch, and the Tie Family could only do him a favor.
The tunnel that Luo Zheng dug at the beginning was parallel. He constantly changed his position in this long and narrow cave, testing the movements of his Inner World.
After he dug along the cave for a distance of more than a hundred feet, his Inner World returned to normal.
"He should have walked past it." Luo Zheng quickly made a judgment.
Then, he turned around and walked through the passage, paying attention to the changes in his inner world. When that consciousness came from his inner world again, he immediately stopped. "It should be here …"
Luo Zheng didn't have much confidence in his judgment. He was completely relying on his Inner World to sense the "mud". He could only estimate a vague location.
From this position, Luo Zheng began to dig with the Great Thousand Heavy Sword.
Therefore, Luo Zheng opened up a vertical tunnel leading downwards …
When Luo Zheng came back from the bottom of the pit, he climbed up to a height of four hundred feet. Now, he was going down again. After digging for about four hundred feet, the Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword touched the solid gangue. "Dang!" A crisp sound was heard. He had reached the gangue layer!
The upper layer of the soil was soft, but that was relative to the Divine Realm. In fact, the weight of the soil was not light. A bucket of soil was equivalent to the weight of a mountain in the Dayan Universe.
As for the solid gangue below, it was even more terrifying. Even Luo Zheng would have a hard time digging through it. Therefore, the Tie Family had stopped at the gangue layer.
After reaching this place, Luo Zheng found that the consciousness of his Inner World was getting stronger and stronger. This consciousness wasn't the consciousness of a living creature. The Inner World couldn't clearly express what was below. However, it was exactly the same as when Luo Zheng encountered the mud in the Alley of Gold Coins.
Now, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't give up. No matter how solid the gangue was, he would continue to dig.
"Boom, boom!"
Luo Zheng held the Great Thousand Heavy Sword and suddenly stabbed down!
When he was digging the soil, Luo Zheng was very relaxed. He didn't use too much strength and only used a certain technique to carve out a smooth hole. Right now, Luo Zheng was using 30% of his strength!
This huge force passed through the Great Thousand Heavy Sword and pierced through the gangue. Under one strike, the solid gangue was instantly covered in cracks. Under another strike, the cracked gangue turned into fingernail-sized gravel and splattered in all directions.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Luo Zheng continued to bombard the gangue underground. Even though he was more than three hundred feet underground, the sound was still transmitted to the surface. The violent vibrations were also fed back to the surface through the soil. The surrounding Tie Clan people felt the ground trembling continuously, as if there was a small earthquake here!
"That fellow is digging through the gangue layer …"
"Does he really have that much strength? The gangue layer is so solid. Even a mid-level True God would have a hard time digging through it! "
"Otherwise, why would the Heaven-Containing Manor think so highly of him? After all, he is a genius qualified to enter the floating island. "
The Tie Family members felt the vibrations beneath their feet and sighed emotionally.
Naturally, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had thrown the upper level True God Han Dao Capital out and even smashed a few of the Heaven-Containing Manor's walls. This kind of news couldn't be spread out.
"Boom, boom …"
The loud rumbling continued to reverberate, and Luo Zheng's forehead was already covered with a layer of fine sweat.
He had already dug through the gangue layer for about seven to eight feet. The consciousness of his inner world was also getting stronger. It seemed like he was getting closer and closer!
"It shouldn't be far." Luo Zheng wiped the sweat off his forehead and raised the Great Thousand Heavy Sword again. "Break for me!"
"Peng …"
This time, when Luo Zheng's long sword stabbed forward, he felt empty in his hand. He had actually pierced through something!
It was pitch black all around. The outside light couldn't shine in at all. Luo Zheng reached out and patted lightly. A wisp of flame burned along the Great Thousand Heavy Sword. Under the illumination of the flame, a fist-sized hole appeared beneath his feet. It was a small hole made by the Great Thousand Heavy Sword.
"It's empty below the gangue layer." Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of relief. The Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand suddenly smashed the last layer of gangue into pieces. As he fell, the Great Thousand Heavy Sword suddenly pierced through the gangue layer. His entire body hung in mid-air by the sword hilt.
Luo Zheng then freed a hand and lightly waved it. A ball of flame burned fiercely in his hand.
This flame was extremely pure. The light it emitted was also very pure. It was a 'fledgling flame'. Comprehending those divine daos might not increase his strength by much, but it had many wonderful uses!
Under the illumination of the flame, Luo Zheng could clearly see the situation below. This was a cave with a width of thousands of feet. In the center of the cave, there was a brown stone with a length of 200 feet …
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the stone, he suddenly felt a wave of power coming from behind him!
He had been vigilant. The moment the wave appeared, he had already pulled out the Great Thousand Heavy Sword from the wall. His entire body suddenly fell down. While falling, Luo Zheng's body suddenly rolled in the air. Only then did he see clearly that there was a black thing lying on the top of the cave!
That black thing was like a person made of mud. Just now, that thing had stretched out its spike-like hand to sneak attack Luo Zheng from behind. After this attack failed, the spike-like hand quickly changed into a gecko's claw. It clung to the top of the cave and began to climb up rapidly.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
That thing made a series of strange sounds as it climbed. Its speed was extremely fast. Soon, it disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight!
"This thing … is that mud that I swallowed before?"
When Luo Zheng saw that thing, his Inner World transmitted a turbulent consciousness. It was almost the same feeling as that day in the Gold Money Alley. Now, the consciousness of his Inner World was constantly reminding Luo Zheng that he must swallow that thing. He must swallow it …
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity. The moment he landed, his feet were filled with a powerful force. He suddenly kicked off the ground, bounced up, and rushed directly to the place where the black thing had disappeared.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng once again inserted his sword into the gangue and hung himself on the top of the cave. His eyes followed the rock wall at the top, and his eyebrows slightly wrinkled.

Chapter 1799
After a careful examination, he couldn't find any clues.
The consciousness transmitted from his inner world was still very strong, but after entering the cave, he could no longer use it to determine his position.
He could only pull out the Da Qian Heavy Sword from the gangue and place it firmly on the ground.
This cave was in absolute silence. It seemed that no living creature had entered this cave for countless years.
If someone who was well-versed in geography and feng shui were to see such a huge cave in the gangue, they would definitely be dumbfounded.
The entire divine domain's topography was very neat and orderly.
The outermost layer of the divine domain was ordinary soil. Below the soil was the gangue layer, and below the gangue layer was the flint layer. The flint layer was a hundred times harder than the gangue layer, and below the flint layer was the tendon layer.
The tendon layer was an extremely flexible stone. Even an upper true god would have a hard time tearing it apart. Below the tendon layer was a type of green magma known as the 'Black Fire Torrent'. This' Black Fire Torrent 'was even more dangerous. Even saints would find it hard to survive if they were sucked in!
For so many years, countless true gods had explored the various forbidden areas of the divine domain. Saints, on the other hand, had explored the primal chaos outside the divine domain. As for what the core of the divine domain was, there was still no conclusion.
Over a hundred divine epochs ago, three saints had ventured deep into the Black Fire Torrent. In the end, one of them died and the other two were injured. They had no choice but to retreat.
Therefore, many true gods believed that their understanding of the divine domain was far from as thorough as the various floating island clans claimed. Some people asserted that there were countless secrets hidden beneath the vast divine domain.
The gangue layer was considered the second layer of the divine domain's topography. Most of the caves in the divine domain were in the soft layer of soil. Under the pressure of countless divine epochs, it was very difficult for such a huge cave to appear.
Luo Zheng raised the Da Qian Heavy Sword and moved slowly in the cave. At the tip of the Da Qian Heavy Sword, a flame silently released a clean light. Luo Zheng couldn't find the black thing and could only explore the cave first.
The most eye-catching thing in the cave was the round stone in the middle.
When Luo Zheng walked to the side of the boulder and took a closer look, a strange look appeared in his eyes. Both he and the Evil Old Man in his mind exclaimed at the same time, "What the hell is this?"
A man and a woman were lying on this round rock with a diameter of twenty zhang!
However, the state of these two people was very strange. Their hands and feet seemed to be embedded in the stone. They looked like people who grew in the stone.
If that was all, Luo Zheng and the Evil Old Man would not have been so surprised. The two people on the stone gave off a very strange feeling, especially their faces. They were pieced together from several identical faces, forming a clever three-dimensional effect. It looked strange, but also very natural, as if they were born to look like this.
This was especially true for that woman. She had a total of four faces pieced together. Each face, according to human standards, was extremely beautiful. However, each of the four faces had a different expression. There was joy, anger, sadness, and joy …
In addition to their faces, their hands and feet were also the same. As for their torsos, they were deeply embedded in the stone and could not be seen at all.
"Is there such a race in the divine territory?" Luo Zheng asked.
During his time in God's Domain, Luo Zheng had also absorbed all sorts of knowledge from the game.
There were undoubtedly many races in the Divine Territory, but the difference between these races and "humans" was not that great. This was especially so after the God's People had cultivated to become True Gods. They would hide the characteristics of their own races.
"Definitely not! This is not a living creature … It's probably a stone sculpture that someone threw here, "the Evil Old Man replied with certainty.
The Evil Old Man was an experienced and knowledgeable person. He did not dare to say that he understood the entire divine territory. However, this strange race in the stone completely exceeded his understanding of the word "living creature." That was why the Evil Old Man was so certain.
Luo Zheng scratched his head. He could not figure out the situation in front of him.
Since the special mud appeared here, it should be related to the people in the stone. However, he had no way to find out what the connection and secret was.
"Let's find that thing first …" Luo Zheng looked to the side.
It was unknown how long the two people embedded in the stone had been through. Their bodies seemed to have turned into the same kind of brown stone. However, when Luo Zheng looked at each other earlier, he had a feeling that the woman was staring at him. It gave him a very unnatural feeling!
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a fluctuation in the space behind him.
"Whoosh …"
"It's here!"
Luo Zheng was delighted.
His purpose in entering this place was to find that mysterious mud!
Tie Lin had once told Luo Zheng that when her second uncle caught the mud, it was a black thing that could walk and jump. It must be the thing that had attacked him previously. He was having a headache over how to find that thing. Now, it had come out of its own accord!
Without any hesitation, he turned around and swung his sword!
The young fire on the Da Qian Heavy Sword burned fiercely. When the sword was swung out, it bloomed with a strong flame!
"Dong!"
When Luo Zheng's sword slashed out, it actually hit something extremely sturdy. His arm immediately went numb. The Great Chiliocosm Sword itself wasn't light. Even though the materials in the divine realm were generally many times sturdier than the Great Expansion Universe, Luo Zheng was still able to cut through the layers of gangue with the Great Expansion Universe unimpeded.
He had never expected that there was something that could block his attack.
"Whoosh!"
The moment the Da Qian Heavy Sword was bounced back, Luo Zheng slid back like a ghost. He held the Da Qian Heavy Sword horizontally in front of his chest and looked at it vigilantly. He saw a protruding stone not far away. It was a gangue!
"What's going on …"
Luo Zheng's expression became more and more surprised.
Before exploring that round stone, Luo Zheng had already taken in the entire cave. He did not see that protruding gangue. In other words, that gangue had quietly grown out behind Luo Zheng!
Moreover, ordinary gangue would not be able to block his attack. That gangue was much stronger than ordinary gangue!
"Luo Zheng, this cave has changed. The entrance seems to have disappeared …" Old Man Evil reminded.
Luo Zheng frowned and looked up at the top of the cave!
It was really strange. The hole he had made just now had actually disappeared!
Luo Zheng's face was full of vigilance. He had experienced many dangerous places over the years. However, although those places were extremely dangerous to Luo Zheng, they were all existences that he could understand!
Now, the strangeness of the cave he was in had completely exceeded his scope of understanding …
"Whoosh …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt something move beneath his feet. His eyes flashed sharply. He exerted strength in his heel and his entire body suddenly rolled.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Long, thin, and sharp gangue constantly pierced out from the ground. These gangue were like rapidly growing stalagmites, wanting to directly pierce through Luo Zheng! The strength of these special gangue was not weaker than Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword. Not to mention a Proof of Divinity expert, even an ordinary True God would be severely injured if they were stabbed!
Luo Zheng's rolling speed was extremely fast. Those gangue that protruded from the ground were always a little bit stronger than him!
In a short while, the entire cave was densely packed with sharp gangue. It was like a monster's nest full of spikes.
During this process, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. As long as he paused for a moment, stalagmites would immediately shoot out from under him. In the end, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and could only jump up and onto the round rock!
Just as he was jumping in the air, from the top and bottom of the cave, slender and sharp gangue extended dozens of feet. They were like long snakes spiraling upwards, wanting to pierce through Luo Zheng!
"Dong dong!"
Luo Zheng used the Da Qian Heavy Sword to slash at those rapidly growing stalagmites in the air. With the help of the momentum, he jumped onto that round stone!
"Rumble …"
He did not expect that just as he stood on this round stone, the entire cave would tremble.
Luo Zheng's judgment was not wrong. This round stone did not have any spikes. However, at the top of the cave, hundreds of stalagmites spread out at the same time, forming a cage, completely enveloping Luo Zheng and that round stone!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1800
The Tie Family members were still waiting outside …
Tie Yan stood at the edge of the pit and looked at the tunnel Luo Zheng dug out with a hesitant expression.
Half an hour ago, there were violent vibrations coming from the ground. Luo Zheng was probably trying to break through the layer of gangue. The violent vibrations lasted for a while before stopping. According to Tie Yan's estimation, Luo Zheng should have given up.
Even Tie Yan's elders would find it difficult to break through the layer of gangue. Not to mention, there was nothing in the layer of gangue. Luo Zheng couldn't find what he was looking for.
After waiting for a long time without any movement, Tie Yan couldn't help but want to go in and take a look.
At this time, Tie Yan's second uncle and third uncle also slid down the edge of the pit.
Back then, it was Second Uncle who had discovered that piece of mud, and Second Uncle and Third Uncle had dug this big hole together.
"That Luo Tianxing still hasn't come out?"
The elders of the Tie Family were also paying attention to this place. However, it wasn't convenient for them to come out. Since Luo Tianxing was in contact with Tie Yan, this matter was left to the younger generation to deal with. Now that there was no movement for a long time, they were worried.
After all, Luo Tianxing was a popular figure in the Heaven Containing Mansion. If something strange happened and he died in their Tie Family, it wouldn't be good.
Tie Yan shook his head, "There's still no movement."
Second uncle and third uncle looked at each other. Second uncle said, "Let's go in and take a look. Don't let anything happen."
"Hehe, what could happen …" Third uncle said with a lazy smile.
Tie Family had been stationed here for a long time. This place wasn't far from Liuren Divine City. It was almost impossible for a powerful monster to appear here. Although Tie Yan's third uncle said that, he still followed second uncle into the tunnel Luo Zheng dug out. Tie Yan also followed behind.
After walking for a short while, they heard Second Uncle's warning. "Be careful, there's a hole under your feet." After saying that, Second Uncle stepped over it. The three of them continued to walk forward, and before long, they reached a dead end.
"Haha, that guy should have gone down from that hole. Let's go down and have a look." Tie Yan's second uncle was very sensitive and could guess Luo Zheng's thoughts. Perhaps Luo Zheng felt something was wrong halfway down, so he turned back and continued to go down. "I suspect that he might have sensed something. Tie Yan, you don't have to go down. Your third uncle and I will go down together."
However, when the two Real Gods slowly descended to the bottom of the cave, their faces revealed a strange expression.
Second Uncle stomped his feet at the bottom. "Good lad, he actually managed to break through so much of the gangue layer. But … where did he go?"
Tie Yan's third uncle was also puzzled. "That's impossible. Along the way, we didn't see any other tunnels. He could only be down there. It's impossible for him to go anywhere else!"
Second Uncle squatted down and pondered for a while. His expression became more and more confused. "There's a small hole here. It should have been caused by a blunt weapon. It should be Luo Tianxing's weapon … In other words, the bottom should be empty. He used his weapon to hang here …"
After saying that, Second Uncle was also confused by his own deduction. He felt that his deduction was correct, but the gangue under his feet clearly didn't match the traces left by Luo Tianxing!
Third Uncle's brain wasn't as good as Second Uncle's. After hearing this, he became even more confused. "You're saying that there's a big hole in the gangue layer? And that big hole ran away? "
"That's what the traces here tell me, but that shouldn't be the case …" Second Uncle smiled bitterly.
"Then let's dig down and take a look." Third Uncle's heart skipped a beat. Perhaps there really was a big secret in the territory of the Tie Clan?
Luo Tianxing came to the Tie Clan and was lucky enough to find the mud. The Tie Clan could generously let Luo Tianxing take it away as an investment to befriend a future genius. However, if there were other amazing treasures, the Tie Clan would definitely want a share of it. Perhaps with these treasures, the Tie Clan could become a second-tier clan in one fell swoop!
Faced with this unknown temptation, Second Uncle and Third Uncle continued to dig along the tunnel dug down by Luo Zheng.
However, this layer of gangue was too hard. Even if the two True Gods were digging, it was still very difficult. Using various methods, the two of them once again dug down a tunnel that was five hundred feet deep. But no matter how they dug down, it was still a thick layer of gangue … In the end, the two of them had no choice but to give up and climb back down this vertical tunnel.
In the cave …
Luo Zheng only knew that the hole he dug had disappeared. Now, the cave he was in was in a completely sealed state. This cave was like a bubble in the water, producing a miraculous displacement!
The gangue extending from the top of his head formed a fence-like cage, completely sealing Luo Zheng in this round stone. The gangue was also changing. The originally black area had now turned into a translucent light green.
Not only did the gangue that "grew out" change in color, but the color of the entire cave walls also changed!
"What the hell is going on …" Luo Zheng smiled bitterly, but he didn't panic.
Although these special gangue were very hard, Luo Zheng could break them easily with his full strength. However, this scene was too strange, causing Luo Zheng to feel uneasy. Humans were always afraid of the unknown. Who knew what would jump out of this cave?
"I don't know either. This old man has been to the Three Great Forbidden Lands and even sneaked into the Soul Wilderness. However, I have never encountered such a thing …" The Evil Old Man also had a helpless expression. Luo Zheng only wanted to find a piece of mud. How could he encounter such a bizarre thing?
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling depressed, he suddenly saw the black thing appear again not far away … That thing turned into the shape of a starfish and slowly moved along the walls of the cave. As it moved, it left behind colorful mucus on the walls of the cave. Then, the walls of the cave began to change.
Under the illumination of the fire, huge shadows began to appear on the translucent green walls around the cave. These shadows all had huge heads and long and narrow arms. They were like huge monsters!
"There's something inside the walls." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"What are those shadows? Why are they constantly growing?" The Evil Old Man was also shocked.
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. "They're not growing. Those things are walking inside the walls …"
There was indeed a huge creature approaching from behind the translucent walls. It seemed that it would not be long before these things came out of the walls.
"I think you should hurry up and think of a way to escape …" The Evil Old Man advised. He knew that Luo Zheng had held back a lot of his strength. However, the strange scene before them was too strange and dangerous. He advised Luo Zheng to give up on that piece of mud. This was obviously a trap set by that black thing.
Generally speaking, the most dangerous places in the Divine Territory were the various Forbidden Lands. Some Forbidden Lands were difficult for even Saints to enter.
However, outside the Forbidden Lands was the world of the True Gods! Ordinary monsters could not survive outside the Forbidden Lands!
However, the ferocious creatures that could survive outside the Forbidden Lands, that is, in places like the Liuren Domain, either had terrifying strength that even the Sages did not dare to touch, or had a very strong concealment ability that was not known to the world at all.
Regardless of whether it was the former or the latter, Luo Zheng could not fight against them now.
In the Evil Old Man's opinion, the monster in this cave should belong to the latter. It relied on its powerful concealment abilities to hide here. Over the countless years, it had probably quietly devoured many True Gods …
"I definitely have to escape." Luo Zheng looked at the swaying shadows behind the walls of the cave. His gaze was fixed on the wriggling black "mud" on the walls. The shadows behind the walls should have been summoned by this thing!
The consciousness of the Inner World was still reacting strongly. That "mud" was too important to him. Leaving this place as soon as possible was definitely a wise choice. However, in order to condense Godhood as soon as possible, he had a reason to fight!