Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.15

Chapter 1401
Who was this old man …?
After returning from the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng's strength had increased, but he could clearly feel that his surroundings had changed.
It was as if he had been completely kept in the dark.
Xun's expression said it all. She seemed to have expected this, but she didn't say anything.
The old man circled around Chen Huangyi's corpse and strolled through the air.
One couldn't sense a strong aura from him, but this old man's temperament was very special, as if he had a very special affinity.
After slowly walking in front of Bi Feiyu, the old man gently stretched out his hand, and the broken sword fell into his hand. "Catch it …"
With that, he tossed the broken sword to Luo Zheng.
"How do I catch it?" Luo Zheng endured the pain and raised his hands. His hands had already turned into a pair of skeletal hands. Luo Zheng's current endurance was astonishing. If it had been someone else, they would have already fainted from the pain.
Luo Zheng had even endured the torture of the chaotic energy. This bit of pain wasn't enough to make him lose his composure.
"Buzz."
As Luo Zheng's voice fell, the broken sword hung in the air.
The old man sized up Luo Zheng's hands and sighed slightly. "From the beginning, you should have thought of a way to come to my Demi-Immortal Clan. Running around by yourself and causing so much trouble, you're too good at causing trouble."
The old man sighed. In this universe, there was no Divine Sea Realm martial artist who could attract dozens of Celestial Venerables at the same time.
Luo Zheng ascending to the Human Alliance wasn't a big problem, but running around was a big problem. He had completely become an uncontrollable factor, making it difficult for the Demi-Immortal Clan to make arrangements.
Before the Illusory Battlefield opened, Luo Zheng should have made a trip to the Demi-Immortal Clan, but in the end, he didn't go.
This caused some problems with the Demi-Immortal Clan's arrangements. And the Demi-Immortal Clan's Luo Xi Xuan, who had been eliminated by Hua Tianming, was also eliminated by Hua Tianming because of Luo Zheng.
"Young?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. He had already guessed who this old man was. Back when Luo Zheng had been trapped in the Immortal mansion, someone had sent word to him that he should pay a visit to the Demi-Immortal Clan. The original message had been about the former Clan Chief of the Demi-Immortal Clan, one of the most powerful figures in the universe.
The old man stared at Luo Zheng, then nodded. "You're the last of the younger generation …"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng stared blankly.
The old man smiled faintly. "You will know in the future. Let me take a look at your hand."
Luo Zheng raised his hands and presented them in front of the old man.
The old man's gaze fell on Luo Zheng's skeletal hands. "Your bones can actually resist the corrosion of the Grand Clarity Water. How surprising. However, your flesh has been corroded. I'm afraid it'll be a bit troublesome. Even if you regrow the flesh on your hands, I'm afraid it won't be as good as before. But I'll think of something. For now … that's all."
With that, the old man reached out and flicked his fingers. Waves of blue light spread out from his hand.
The blue light was a ball of viscous green liquid. It seemed to have a life of its own. It flowed through Luo Zheng's skeletal hands, spreading along his five fingers and transforming into two pairs of hands. At first glance, it looked like Luo Zheng was wearing a pair of gloves.
As the green liquid flowed, blood-red threads appeared within it and connected to Luo Zheng's bones.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's hands, which had lost all feeling except for the pain coming from the wound, started to feel numb and itchy. Very soon, he regained feeling in his hands ….
Luo Zheng squeezed his hands. The green liquid was translucent, so he could still see his bones. It could temporarily replace his hands. However, the green hands were too conspicuous and felt very strange.
After helping Luo Zheng to treat his wounds, the old man reached out and pointed his finger. The broken sword flew back to Luo Zheng's hand.
This time, Luo Zheng grasped the broken sword and asked, "What on earth is this used for?"
The old man replied faintly, "This sword is a key thing left by Chen Huang Yijian. You keep it safe. Now I'll take you out."
Luo Zheng nodded. He had a lot of questions, but now was not the time to ask questions. At least, he had to deal with Bi Feiyu first.
"How should we deal with this guy?"
Luo Zheng and Bi Feiyu exchanged glances. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light. If the old man hadn't appeared, Luo Zheng could almost imagine what would have happened to him. He and Xun might have died here.
The old man glanced at Bi Feiyu indifferently, "He's just a clown. Let him stay here." After saying that, he unlocked the hexagonal seal on Xun. With a light stroke of his finger, a space crack appeared out of thin air in front of them.
Xun's complexion was very bad. Although it couldn't be seen from the Sword Spirit's body, Luo Zheng could feel Xun's exhaustion.
After being defeated many times, the Sword Spirit would also disintegrate, not to mention Xun's soul.
At this moment, Xun didn't want to say anything. She just greeted the old man and turned into a red light, entering Luo Zheng's body.
Seeing that the old man was about to enter the space crack, Luo Zheng pointed to Chen Huangyi's corpse behind him, "How should we deal with this?"
The old man glanced at it, "It's just Old Chen's skin. He should have foreseen this day. Since he didn't say anything, let's just let him sit there …"
Luo Zheng didn't think much of this sentence, but Bi Feiyu's face suddenly turned pale. According to the old man's words, the Old Heightslord had foreseen what he would do.
Watching Luo Zheng and the old man leave, Bi Feiyu still couldn't move.
Bi Feiyu didn't regain his freedom until the Hidden Thousand-Feet Spider closed the bronze door again.
But he couldn't break the bronze door to come in, and now it was even more impossible for him to go out. Looking at the Old Heightslord's corpse, the fear in his eyes became more and more intense. He suddenly felt his hair stand on end. In a trance, he seemed to see the corpse move and slowly get up …
After taking a few steps through the space crack, Luo Zheng saw the old man open another space crack and come to the gate of the Killing Sword Mountain.
At the gate of the bronze door, the Elder of the Sword-Holding Hall and Mu Mingxue were waiting outside.
When Luo Zheng saw Mu Mingxue, he finally felt relieved. Although Luo Zheng deduced that Bi Feiyu was lying, Mu Mingxue was still in a dangerous situation.
"Young Master, did you succeed?" Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng and quickly asked.
A helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face as he shook his head.
At the same time, he asked the old man in confusion, "Chen Huangyi told me that the Killing Sword Mountain could help me hone my Sword Essence and step into the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao. Why didn't I gain anything in the Killing Sword Mountain?"
Honing his Sword Essence was Luo Zheng's first goal in coming to the Sword Manor, but now he got a broken sword of unknown use. This was too different from what Luo Zheng had expected.
"Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, hehe, Chen Huangyi is indeed a genius. He has already taught you the method," the old man said with a smile.
"What method?" Luo Zheng was confused again.
The old man pointed at Luo Zheng, "Evil Qi. Didn't you feel any changes after the evil Qi filled your body?"
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, "Yes, but can this evil Qi help me step into the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao?"
Just now, the countless red spiders all turned into evil Qi and poured into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng didn't know that this was the last part of the Sword-fighting Technique. Using evil Qi to change one's mind, it would make one more impulsive and more decisive. Only then would one have an indomitable momentum.
The old man nodded, "When you can freely suppress these evil Qi, and even use these evil Qi, you can officially step into the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao. Slowly comprehend it. For you, this is still a small matter."
"Suppress these evil Qi?"
Luo Zheng frowned. He really didn't have a way to control the evil Qi. How could he completely suppress them?
"Don't make a fuss. There are originally many Cultivation Methods in this universe that use evil Qi as the core. When you reach that step, you will naturally understand." The old man said with a matter-of-fact expression.
It seems that I can only figure it out myself, Luo Zheng thought.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1402
The old man wanted to leave with Luo Zheng, and the people from Sword Wielding Hall followed.
This group of people were confused, why did Luo Zheng go in alone, and an old man come out?
The old man's strength was also unfathomable, who was he? Why did he appear in their forbidden grounds …
"Luo Zheng, did you see manor lord Bi?" Someone asked.
"Manor lord Bi?" Luo Zheng shook his head, "I didn't see him."
"That's weird, after manor lord Bi left, I didn't see him."
"He couldn't have entered Killing Sword Mountain right?"
"Killing Sword Mountain is a forbidden ground, why would manor lord Bi knowingly enter?"
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng laughed coldly, your manor lord Bi has already been sentenced to life imprisonment.
Seems like Bi Feiyu entered Killing Sword Mountain, and the people from Sword Villa didn't know.
Everyone discussed, and the two sector lords from Sword Villa stared at the old man and asked, "May I ask, who are you, and why did you appear in our Sword Villa's sacred grounds?"
These two sector lords were ranked second and third in Sword Villa, and their position was only second to Bi Feiyu.
According to the order Chen Huang Yijian left behind, other than the person who had the Wen Qing sword heart, no one else could enter Killing Sword Mountain. This person coming out of Killing Sword Mountain could be considered breaking the rules.
But the two sector lords had some self-awareness.
After all, they already understood that this old man should be some sky sovereign in the universe … no matter which sky sovereign, they were all existences they couldn't afford to offend, so they could only ask. Even if he didn't answer, they couldn't do anything.
If they weren't afraid of this old man's strength, the two sector lords would have already made their move.
Facing the questioning of the two sector lords, the old man didn't mind, and smiled faintly, "Some things in this universe have already been triggered, so I have no choice but to come here and take Luo Zheng away."
"Take Luo Zheng away?"
"Absolutely not!"
The two sector lords panicked, and the elders of Sword Wielding Hall also had ugly expressions.
After discussing for an entire night, the result was already very clear!
Manor lord had personally said, no matter if Luo Zheng inherited Yi Jian Tianzun's inheritance, he would still be the manor lord of Sword Villa, no matter if this brat agreed or not, even if he had to force him to stay in Sword Villa.
Everyone had reached a consensus.
Naturally, they did not know that Bi Feiyu did not plan to let Luo Zheng come out alive. If Luo Zheng died inside, Bi Feiyu would hypocritically tell everyone that Luo Zheng might have met with an accident, and then take the opportunity to swallow the inheritance of the Sword-fighting Empyrean.
"Swish …"
The two Sector Lords took the lead to block in front, while the group of Sword Wielding Hall elders also blocked in front of Luo Zheng and the old man.
Even if it was an Empyrean, they probably had no choice but to stop it.
The sector lord clasped his hands at the old man and said, "Luo Zheng has the Wen Qing sword heart and is the successor chosen by our old village lord. It's unreasonable for you to take him away like this!"
The old man glanced at the Sector Lord, "Luo Zheng is in charge of the Sword Manor?"
The Sector Lord nodded with a calm expression. They knew that they were not a match for him, but they would not retreat.
"Heh." A helpless smile appeared on the old man's face. At the same time, he shook his head and stared at the Sector Lord. "Let me ask you, is the fate of the entire universe more important, or is your small Sword Manor more important?"
The two Sector Lords' faces froze, and the elders of the Sword Wielding Hall were also stunned. Following that, someone from the crowd said, "The fate of the universe is naturally up to you Empyreans to resist. Our Sword Manor no longer has an Empyrean …"
"That's the problem." The old man said coldly, "The Sword Manor is no longer important. What's important is what Chen Huang left behind. There's not much time left, Luo Zheng doesn't have the time to waste here."
After that, he took Luo Zheng and was about to leave. Mu Mingxue followed closely behind. Seeing that the two Sector Lords were about to stop them, the old man's eyes flashed. Everyone was unable to move at all, as if they were trapped by some kind of extremely strong power. The two Fiend Demon Tengu not far away also revealed a terrified expression, curling up their huge bodies.
"Let's go." The old man pulled Luo Zheng. With one step, there was a trail of footprints formed by white light on the ground. These footprints became denser and denser. Luo Zheng was originally walking in the cave, but as he walked, the surrounding scenery became more and more blurry. It was as if the walls of the cave were plated with a layer of white light. Finally, the walls disappeared. He had already entered a white tunnel …
After walking out of this tunnel, Luo Zheng discovered that he had entered an unknown starfield.
"Space teleportation." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Space teleportation could allow one to cross a relatively long distance in a short period of time.
The higher the cultivation, the further the distance one could cross. The distance a Celestial Venerable could cross was much further than a Sector Lord …
However, this method of crossing distances was completely incomparable to Luo Zheng's teleportation token. Using the teleportation token, he could reach any place in the universe in a short period of time. As soon as they appeared in this starfield, the old man immediately continued to teleport with Luo Zheng. After repeating this more than ten times and spending more than half a day, they finally arrived at their destination.
Compared to other powers, the Demi-Immortal Clan's territory was much smaller. In total, they only had three Great Worlds. It was even smaller than the territory controlled by a second-rate power.
However, no one dared to underestimate the Demi-Immortal Clan. Everyone knew that in the face of this crisis, the Demi-Immortal Clan would play an indispensable role.
Along the way, Luo Zheng asked all the questions in his heart, but the old man did not answer. He only told Luo Zheng one thing. According to previous calculations, the one who obtained the Wen Qing Sword Heart should be Xuanyuan Chenfeng. The one who won the Illusory Battlefield should also be Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
However, there was an accident in this calculation. Luo Zheng took away everything that belonged to Xuanyuan Chenfeng …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was a little unhappy. Why did it have to be that guy? That guy talked nonsense on the chessboard, and now the old patriarch was doing the same thing?
"Last time, I asked you to go to the Demi-Immortal Clan in the hope that you would be excluded and become the eleventh in the Illusory Battlefield," the old man continued.
"Why?" Luo Zheng was even more unhappy. In a battle of martial arts, he had no reason to show weakness to others.
The old man said expressionlessly, "It's not because of any reason, but because it's good for you and the whole universe. In the end, we replaced you with Luo Xi Xuan, so she was eliminated at the eleventh place, losing to Hua Tian Ming."
"What do you mean? You mean Luo Xi Xuan lost to Hua Tianming on her own initiative? She deliberately didn't let herself enter the top ten? "
Luo Zheng had a deep impression of Luo Xi Xuan. That woman had a Sanskrit page that was exactly the same as his.
In fact, after entering the top ten, Luo Zheng was very strange. Logically speaking, the Demi-Immortal Clan, which had produced many geniuses, should not only have Jiang Zhengyi. Moreover, Jiang Zhengyi was eliminated in the bottom five. The performance of the Demi-Immortal Clan was completely inconsistent with their reputation!
Seeing Luo Zheng making a fuss about nothing, the old man's face did not change, as if everything was as it should be. He just said lightly, "You young generation are indeed talented, but in the end, you are still too young. Many things are not as they seem on the surface. The ultimate truth of this world …"
"What is the ultimate truth?"
Luo Zheng's face was full of despair. After the end of the Dream Battlefield, Luo Zheng felt that everything had changed. It was as if everyone was hiding something from him, and he was the only one who didn't know anything.
"I will disappoint you if I tell you, but you will know in the future," the old man replied, "Now that you have returned to the Demi-Immortal Clan, I will first help you restore your hands, then change your blood, and at the same time restore your soul. If you need, we can provide you with a body for free. Of course, it is a woman's body."
"Actually, I want to see the truth of this world first," Luo Zheng said gloomily.
However, the old man did not care about Luo Zheng's request at all.
After joining the Demi-Immortal Clan, the first thing to do was to change one's blood.
However, Luo Zheng's hands were seriously injured, so the matter of changing his blood was naturally pushed to the back.
It was not difficult to help Luo Zheng regrow his flesh and blood, but to restore him to his previous level, this was a very troublesome matter.
Luo Zheng was arranged to stay in the heart of the Demi-Immortal Clan. His ice-blue palace was built next to a mirror-like lake, surrounded by tall fir trees that grew in picturesque disorder. It was a peaceful place.
"The scenery here is really good," Mu Mingxue said with a smile, looking into the distance with her hands behind her back.
However, Luo Zheng was not interested in the scenery at all. He was thinking about what he would face next. The Demi-Immortal Clan seemed to be planning something. According to the old patriarch, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also part of the Demi-Immortal Clan's plan, but his appearance had ruined the Demi-Immortal Clan's plan.
Then, Luo Zheng could also assume that the Demi-Immortal Clan had joined forces with Gods Without Thought, or even with many other forces … This was not difficult to speculate. This crisis would sweep across the entire universe, and no one would be able to escape. Then, the previous disputes were meaningless, and everyone could only rely on each other for warmth.
Just as he was thinking this, the scene in front of him proved Luo Zheng's guess.

Chapter 1403
Seeing Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and gently floated down to the lakeside.
Immediately, Mu Mingxue followed behind and landed behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to reach out and pat Hua Tianming's shoulder, but Mu Mingxue immediately said nervously, "Young Master …"
Luo Zheng also noticed that although the green thing on his hand had temporarily replaced his flesh, it was still very fragile. If he was not careful, he would be the one to feel pain.
The moment he patted it, he raised his hands, as if surrendering.
Seeing Luo Zheng's appearance, Luo Xi Xuan stared at his hands and giggled, revealing two cute dimples, "Did you get too used to the Illusory Battlefield and forget to protect yourself? To end up like this … "
There was no death in the Illusory Battlefield, and many cultivators recklessly squandered their lives. In any case, they would eventually be resurrected.
After returning to the real world, this kind of illusion would not disappear, and there would be certain repercussions. This kind of situation would cause cultivators to become indifferent to life and death and not panic in times of crisis, but sometimes it would harm some cultivators. After all, being seriously injured in the real world was not a projection of the Illusory Battlefield. If one was not careful, they would pay the price of their life.
"I heard you were injured, but I didn't expect your hands to end up like this," Hua Tianming also sighed.
"That's not important," Luo Zheng curled his lips, "I have a lot of things I want to ask …"
Hua Tianming's face revealed a trace of slyness, "Brother Luo Zheng, if you ask first, this little brother will naturally tell you everything!"
This kind of expression was rarely seen on Hua Tianming's face, and Hua Tianming did not know how to fake it. Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, probably understanding that he would not be able to get the things he wanted to know the most from this guy's mouth.
But this was also good, knowing a little was still a little bit. Luo Zheng calculated in his heart …
However, Luo Zheng's first question was to face Luo Xi Xuan.
"First question, I want to know where you obtained that Sanskrit page?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Xi Xuan was slightly surprised. She did not expect Luo Zheng's first question to be directed at her. She blinked and smiled, "Didn't you want to ask about Tianming? I didn't promise to answer you."
Luo Xi Xuan was not one of those old foxes. Her eyes flashing, a trace of guilt. Luo Zheng had already guessed the answer.
He stared at Luo Xi Xuan, and then shifted to Hua Tianming, "It seems you already know that I also have a Sanskrit page."
These Sanskrit characters.
When he was burned by the flames, all the Sanskrit words would appear on his body.
More than ten years ago, when Luo Zheng was still in the Blue Cloud Sect Grand Competition, he was exposed once.
With Hua Tianming's eyesight, he would never forget those Sanskrit characters, just like how Luo Zheng would never forget Hua Tianming's sword moves.
In this Illusory Battlefield, Hua Tianming had exposed Luo Xi Xuan's Sanskrit page, so it was easy to connect the two. After deducing, the two naturally knew the truth about Luo Zheng …
Seeing the flicker in Luo Xi Xuan's eyes, Luo Zheng was even more certain that there was a connection between the Sanskrit pages, or that there was some kind of hidden destiny.
Luo Zheng disliked destiny more and more. Although destiny treated Luo Zheng very well, and he also responded to it by never giving up on his efforts, it now seemed that this destiny was very deceptive. It gave Luo Zheng a goal and made him go straight for it, not willing to present the things behind it to Luo Zheng.
This kind of imaginary goal was beyond Luo Zheng's tolerance, just like how Luo Yan was also one of the imaginary goals.
In order to guide him, destiny played like this. He didn't want to live in a lie.
After thinking it through, Luo Zheng began to bargain with fate. He didn't want to be a donkey that kept staring at the carrot. He wanted to know where the end of his journey in this life was, and what was his purpose for setting off!
"Tell me! What is the connection between these pages … "
Luo Zheng's expression was very serious, even a little ferocious. Although it wasn't the first time he and Luo Xi Xuan had met, it was also the first time they had talked. Facing such a lovely beauty with such an attitude, it was indeed very inappropriate. However, Luo Zheng was very anxious and couldn't care less about his demeanor.
Luo Xi Xuan took two steps back and leaned against Hua Tianming's back, her delicate little face showing some grievance. "He won't let me say it."
"Who?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course it's old man Feng!"
The old patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan was surnamed Feng, but in the entire Demi-Immortal Clan, only Luo Xi Xuan dared to call him old man Feng.
Luo Xi Xuan was also a little angry at Luo Zheng's attitude. If this guy wasn't Hua Tianming's brother and if he wasn't injured, she really would have taught Luo Zheng a lesson, so she said fiercely, "Besides, you can't blame old man Feng! I asked you to come, but you didn't come, and then you fought your way into the top ten, while I didn't even get a single Divine Spark Plate! Instead, I took your place … I'm the one who feels wronged! "
Luo Xi Xuan entered the Illusory Battlefield to fight for the top ten, or even the top three!
If Luo Zheng didn't take a spot, then Luo Xi Xuan and Hua Tianming's battle would be a double round-robin battle for the top ten, and she wouldn't have been eliminated. Of course, she probably wouldn't have lost to Hua Tianming either.
Hua Tianming sighed, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't blame Little Xuan. If you're really confused, I can tell you something."
"Go ahead," Luo Zheng calmed down a little.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you should know about the Great Tribulation of the Universe, right?" Hua Tianming asked.
"En," Luo Zheng nodded.
The history of the universe was not continuous. Over a long period of time, life was born, development, and growth. It was like a tree blooming and bearing fruit, then growing old and finally withering, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, dust to dust.
This process took 3.6 billion years.
It was an unimaginable amount of time, because it was too long.
But even if it was long, this time had a beginning and an end.
When a martial artist reached the limit of life, such as after becoming a True God and escaping the restrictions of the Five Decay of the Celestial Being, 3.6 billion years wasn't very long. This was because eternal life represented infinite time, and eternal life was greater than everything else. It could be 36 billion years of life, or 360 billion years of life, or even longer, an unimaginable length of time.
"This rule is the embodiment of the Heavenly Dao. Even Heavenly Venerables can't jump over it," Hua Tianming said. "But why must we be destroyed once every 3.6 billion years, and for no reason at all?"
Hua Tianming asked again.
Mu Mingxue, who was behind Luo Zheng, blinked. She had no right to speak here. Mu Mingxue cleverly remained silent, but she was also thinking about Hua Tianming's question.
Why …
No living creature liked to be destroyed.
Even ants wanted to live, not to mention these people, who would become the top existences in the universe in the future.
Hua Tianming said "we," and Luo Zheng also knew that he was referring to all living creatures in the universe. Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Do you have the determination to be a savior?"
Who knew that Hua Tianming would shake his head, stare at Luo Zheng, and say, "No."
The gaze in his eyes became deep. It was a gaze that could only be revealed after experiencing the baptism of time. After all, Hua Tianming had cultivated alone for 300 years. His situation was completely different from Luo Zheng's.
"The crisis of the universe this time is different from the past. This crisis is related to you and me, and the root is involved in the Realm of the Gods … If the universe can't survive this crisis, there won't be another Yan Era," Hua Tianming said lightly.
"There won't be another Yan Era?" Luo Zheng frowned. He remembered Old Man Feng's words. There wouldn't be another younger generation. They were the last of the younger generation.
Hua Tianming nodded and sat down in front of Mirror Lake. Luo Xi Xuan also sat down beside him, and Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue also sat up.
It seemed that Hua Tianming knew many things that Luo Zheng didn't, but Luo Zheng was also puzzled. Where did he find out?
Hua Tianming noticed Luo Zheng's expression. "At first, I didn't know either. At first, I knew much less than you." He smiled. "But when I entered the Wild Continent and saw the sixteen scratches on the stone mountain, I learned many things."
"Sixteen scratches?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"En, under the first scratch were the words' Vast Heaven ', under the second scratch were the words' Seal Heaven '… under the fifteenth scratch were the words' Clear Heaven ', and under the sixteenth scratch were the words' Firmament '…"
"This universe has experienced sixteen Yan Eras?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The fragment of the Heavenly Dao in Luo Zheng's hand was a fragment of Clear Heaven …
Who made those scratches? ,
It actually recorded all the Heavenly Dao since the creation of the universe.
If one experienced the Heavenly Dao and left a scratch, wouldn't that person have lived for a full 57.6 billion years?

Chapter 1404
In that unimaginably long period of time, it was enough for the sea to turn into mulberry fields, and then from mulberry fields to sea thousands of times.
The words engraved on the mountain would quickly be eroded by time and couldn't possibly stand for that long.
Luo Zheng's face was full of doubt and he quickly overturned his own conclusion …
Hua Tianming also shook his head. "No, the words on the mountain wall aren't very old. There are vines called bluestones growing around the mountain wall. Although the words look very simple and unadorned, the bluestones and vines didn't cover them up. In other words, the words were carved less than half a year ago!"
Half a year …
Someone had carved the words on the mountain as a clue half a year ago.
These clues must have been waiting for this person, and there was no civilization on the Wasteland Continent. According to the Heavenly Sword Diagram's index, only Hua Tianming had been drawn into it.
In other words, someone had carved the words on the mountain wall half a year ago and then waited for Hua Tianming to discover them.
Realizing that Luo Zheng had sensed something was wrong, Hua Tianming's face revealed a helpless smile. "They've always been by our side … including you."
Always by our side …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill.
"From the moment you stepped out of the Luo Family's door, or even from the moment you were born, they've always been by our side," Hua Tianming added, emphasizing to Luo Zheng again.
This kind of conspiracy theory, coming from Hua Tianming's mouth, made one's hair stand on end.
Luo Zheng also found it hard to believe that there had always been people by his side. This didn't make sense.
Seeing Luo Zheng's incredulous expression, Hua Tianming continued, "Don't you think it's strange? There are so many coincidences in fate, and every time you narrowly escape death … some people will solemnly swear that it's your destiny! "
"Destiny does exist." Luo Zheng was even more confused. Hua Tianming seemed to be overturning everything Luo Zheng had previously believed.
Hua Tianming suddenly smiled. With a light shake of his sword, he instantly stabbed out dozens of times, each sword piercing into the mirror lake …
The Mirror Lake was originally very quiet, and the surface of the lake was like a mirror. After being disturbed by the dozens of swords, the ripples spread to both sides.
"A total of fifty stabs." Even though Hua Tianming's speed of attack was extremely fast, and most people would only think that he was shaking in place, Luo Zheng was able to count it clearly.
"With a one in fifty probability, which sword has the deepest mark under the lake?" Hua Tianming asked again.
How could Luo Zheng explain clearly when those streaks of sword light went deep into the lake and into the mud? This was a difficult question.
"With your luck, a one in fifty chance is too easy," Hua Tianming said with a smile. "In fact, the things you've experienced are countless times less likely than this. You can take a guess …"
Luo Zheng was silent for a moment. "The sixteenth sword."
"Wrong." Hua Tianming shook his head. "The depth of each sword is exactly the same. There's no difference. Your destiny … has lost its effect."
Hua Tianming only used a small example to directly negate Luo Zheng's destiny.
"They're all liars. You can continue to think. Who told you about destiny?" Hua Tianming asked again.
When it came to destiny …
From the earliest, it was Yun Luo, then Daoist Tian Miao, then Xun, and most recently the mysterious girl who presided over the Illusory Battlefield!
"Think about what characteristics they have?" Hua Tianming said with a smile.
Luo Zheng frowned and kept thinking. There seemed to be an additional truth in his heart, but that truth was always covered by a layer of gauze, preventing him from seeing it clearly …
These people had all suddenly appeared by his side!
Thinking about it carefully, even if his talent was outstanding, and he had been promoted from the Blue Cloud Sect to the Cloud Hall, these people were all special people. They had suddenly appeared, but they didn't have to appear!
Just like Ning Yudie, as the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she had to appear. Because if he entered the Cloud Hall, he would eventually meet Ning Yudie!
But these people were different!
Xun!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. At this moment, Xun was still sleeping in Luo Zheng's body.
Hua Tianming seemed to see through Luo Zheng's thoughts, but said, "Xun is different. She does know part of the truth, but most of it is just a ride."
"Is that so …"
But according to Hua Tianming's logic, everything he had experienced was a pretense!
At this moment, Luo Zheng even had a hallucination. It was as if everything in this world was fake and could not be trusted.
When his memories began to rewind, his previous encounters seemed to have become a trap.
How had he found that Immortal Mansion?
Back then, when he had obtained the Weapon Refining Ancestral Arts, he had strangely obtained information about Nine Yin Mountain and Jade Dragon Valley. At that time, before he had returned to Guanghan County, someone had very appropriately mentioned Nine Yin Mountain and Jade Dragon Valley to him!
Someone wanted to control Immortal Mansion.
They had placed a clue in the Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique so that he would "accidentally" discover it. Then, they would take the opportunity to let him know, and he would be able to easily enter Immortal Mansion …
In fact, the traces of this deliberate arrangement were quite obvious, but at that time, Luo Zheng could not have been vigilant to this extent.
Such a huge price was just to give him Immortal Mansion. What was their goal?
Then what about Luo Yan?
To lure him to find Luo Yan, there must be an even bigger conspiracy. Was he really just a chess piece?
Seeing Luo Zheng's agitated appearance, a trace of helplessness appeared on Hua Tianming's face. He had known that Luo Zheng would have a very intense reaction, and Luo Zheng had to adapt to this process by himself.
Hua Tianming did not say the following words to Luo Zheng. He would wait for him to adjust before speaking.
"Do you want to drink?" Hua Tianming asked.
"It's no use." Luo Zheng shook his head. What kind of wine could get him drunk?
Luo Xi Xuan turned her hand and a few jade bottles appeared in her hand. They were only the size of a palm. She smiled slightly and said, "It's guaranteed to be useful."
Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Xi Xuan indifferently and took a jade bottle from her hand. After unscrewing it with one hand, he smelled a strong wine fragrance. The fragrance was very sweet, as if it was just ordinary sweet wine.
Not to mention this kind of sweet wine, even the strongest wine was not much different from water in Luo Zheng's mouth.
However, when Luo Zheng took a sip, he found that the wine was following a strange path and spreading to his mind. He felt his soul burning …
"Cloudy Soul Wine," Luo Xi Xuan said lightly, "Only the Demi-Immortal Clan has it. This is a good wine that can cause your soul to fall into a drunken state, but it's not good to drink too much."
"He's too agitated," Hua Tianming shook his head and said as he also took a bottle of Cloudy Soul Wine, made a toast, and drank it in one gulp.
Hua Tianming had borne no less than Luo Zheng over the years, and he gradually discovered that his fate was even more unbearable and helpless than Luo Zheng's.
Strictly speaking, this Cloudy Soul Wine was not a kind of wine, but was made with a kind of poison that targeted the soul. However, it could cause a cultivator to experience drunkenness. If the poison was directly consumed, the soul would immediately be corroded. The Demi-Immortal Clan used special methods to moderate the nature of the poison.
Some cultivators were very addicted to wine, but after their cultivation reached a certain level, they would no longer need any wine. This kind of wine was the kind that could only be found by chance.
Luo Zheng felt the world around him begin to spin, and he fell into an uncontrollable state. He didn't know how many years it had been since he had been drunk, but soon, he lay on his back by the lake and fell into a deep sleep.
"Young Lord is drunk," Mu Mingxue said obediently. She got up and wanted to help Luo Zheng to rest.
Hua Tianming also drank a bottle of Cloudy Soul Wine, but his eyes were clear because he had just drunk water …
At this moment, Hua Tianming's eyes were staring at Mu Mingxue, as if he wanted to see through her, "Which Great Thousand World did you ascend to?"
Luo Xi Xuan also stood beside Mu Mingxue, tiny bolts of lightning constantly jumping around her fingertips, as if to prevent Mu Mingxue from escaping.
Mu Mingxue's face was completely innocent, "I don't know … the Great Thousand World doesn't have its own name."
Because there were too many Great Thousand Worlds, they often didn't have their own name, only a number. It was normal that Mu Mingxue didn't know.
Hua Tianming gently crushed the jade bottle in his hand and said to Mu Mingxue, "Tell me your purpose. I don't want strange people to accompany Luo Zheng. If you don't want to tell me, then you can only die."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1405
Hua Tianming seemed to be looking for Luo Zheng to reminisce about the past.
But his real purpose was to make things difficult for Mu Mingxue.
Mu Mingxue's appearance seemed to be purely accidental. She left the Well of Ascension on the same day and left behind some clues. Then, very "coincidentally", she was found by Luo Zheng …
Hua Tianming couldn't predict where they were, but he could find a sudden clue.
He really didn't have any evidence to prove that Mu Mingxue belonged to "them," but this sudden appearance proved that Mu Mingxue was unreliable.
"You have no other choice, believe me," Hua Tianming said calmly.
Mu Mingxue took a few steps back, her face still full of grievance. "I have no ulterior motives towards Luo Zheng. I just want to be by his side. Why are you doing this to me!"
Hua Tianming stared at Mu Mingxue, trying to find a flaw in her expression. But Mu Mingxue's performance was perfect, as if she really did appear by Luo Zheng's side by chance …
"I'm very grateful to Luo Zheng for saving me. As long as I'm by his side, I'm willing to be his slave or servant," Mu Mingxue continued.
The lightning in Luo Xi Xuan's hand became more and more intense. She was waiting for Hua Tianming's next move.
Indeed, there were no flaws. Hua Tianming's gaze was calm, but he raised the Sword of Tengshe in his hand and slowly handed it to Mu Mingxue.
The sharp tip of the sword was already pressed against Mu Mingxue's forehead. The extreme sword intent emitted a faint silver glow. His sword intent was relatively moderate and extreme, so it wasn't as boundless as Luo Zheng's sword intent. If Luo Zheng's sword was pointed at someone, the sword intent would have already killed them.
"There won't be a second chance for you. What is your purpose?" Hua Tianming said coldly …
No matter how amazing an actor was, there would always be a compromise between life and death, unless the other party really didn't want to live. Hua Tianming wanted to drive Mu Mingxue to the brink of death and make her admit it herself.
Actually, he didn't dare to kill Mu Mingxue before he had absolute evidence.
Before this, he had a perfect evaluation of Luo Zheng's personality. Luo Zheng was more talented than him, his personality was relatively simple, and he trusted the people around him.
This woman had been by Luo Zheng's side for so long. If he casually killed her now, the impact on Luo Zheng would be immeasurable. He needed absolute proof, so when he said that he would kill Mu Mingxue, it was just a threat.
However, Mu Mingxue's performance was much better than Hua Tianming had expected.
Even in the face of death, she still didn't panic, and her tone was very resolute. "If you kill me, I'll die with a grievance. Why? I'm sure Luo Zheng will ask you for me! "
Luo Xi Xuan frowned and shook her head slightly, "In fact, a Soul Search should be enough. The Demi-Immortal Clan has a way to perform a Soul Search without damaging your soul. It will take a long time, but it will eventually uncover the truth."
"Okay," Mu Mingxue replied indifferently. "I can cooperate with you, but you have to prove my innocence! I don't want Luo Zheng to be suspicious of me. "
Just as she finished speaking, Hua Tianming smiled.
He slowly put away Tengshe, stared at Mu Mingxue, and said, "It's confirmed."
"Confirmed what?" Mu Mingxue asked.
"You're one of them," Hua Tianming said with conviction.
"What do you mean?" Mu Mingxue's face darkened.
"You really don't have any flaws, but …" Hua Tianming continued, "But the biggest flaw is that you don't have any flaws. You're too confident and too calm. An ascended Divine Sea Realm martial artist without any foundation or backing, you can still be so calm in the face of pressure. You're really something."
"Nonsense. You can say whatever you want," Mu Mingxue said coldly.
Hua Tianming continued to shake his head. "But I won't kill you, and I won't expose you to Luo Zheng. No matter what reason you have for staying by Luo Zheng's side, as long as I find a flaw, I'll definitely kill you first!"
Mu Mingxue coldly snorted, then carefully helped Luo Zheng up and carried Luo Zheng back to the building.
Hua Tianming and Luo Xi Xuan were still standing by the Mirror Lake. Luo Xi Xuan said, "I still think it's better to kill her directly."
"In the end, Luo Zheng will rebel greatly …" Hua Tianming shook his head. "She's so sure because she thinks I don't dare to kill her. I really don't dare."
"But if she stays by Luo Zheng's side, it'll be even more troublesome." Luo Xi Xuan sighed.
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "There'll be trouble in the end. We'll talk about it when the next step comes."
… …
Luo Zheng had a strange and long dream.
This dream was as long as a person's life. He dreamt of his growth, and he dreamt that he accidentally fell into a big black hole. That hole was connected to the other side of the world, and he saw the patriarch of the Ancient Witch Tribe. Suddenly, a bolt of lightning struck the patriarch's face, and he saw Ning Yudie's face in an instant!
Ning Yudie … was she also someone he couldn't trust?
A formless sadness shrouded Luo Zheng's body. It made him feel like he was being pitied. He didn't like this feeling. He didn't like feeling pity for himself.
Living a lifetime in a trap was indeed a tragedy.
His once indomitable aura collapsed overnight.
That kind of indomitable momentum was built on one's confidence in oneself, on one's martial heart, and also on one's luck.
He was a Heaven's Chosen, a Dao Child. He was the darling of the Heavenly Dao. Along the way, demons and monsters had to give way to him and pave the way for him.
However, all of this was fake. He wasn't the one destined by the heavens. Someone was carefully guiding him, setting up so many traps for him. He walked up step by step for an ultimate goal.
"Boom!"
An explosion suddenly sounded in his mind. After all, the Corrupted Soul Wine had a certain level of toxicity. Even if Luo Zheng's soul was so powerful, there were still some very strong aftereffects after getting drunk.
After waking up, Luo Zheng found himself lying on a stone bed.
Mu Mingxue saw that Luo Zheng had woken up. She stepped on her small cotton shoes and quickly poured out some spirit tea from the teapot. This spirit tea could calm one's soul. After drinking it, it had the effect of relieving the effects of alcohol. However, it was relieving the poison of the Corrupted Soul Wine.
"Young Master has woken up," Mu Mingxue said with a smile. That smile was as gentle as ever, making people feel that it was just right. This was a unique style of Mu Mingxue, just like a cup of fresh green tea.
Luo Zheng was still a little confused. He seemed to have forgotten something. Before he fell asleep, he really wanted to ask …
After seeing Mu Mingxue, he thought harder. It seemed that before he fell asleep, he heard Mu Mingxue and Hua Tianming arguing.
This was simply impossible!
"What did you say to Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mu Mingxue's expression was still calm. "You can ask him, but I don't want to say," There was a trace of grievance in her expression.
"What's wrong?" Seeing Mu Mingxue's expression, Luo Zheng's face sank. It couldn't be that Hua Tianming bullied her, right? But he knew that Hua Tianming was a very upright person. He definitely wouldn't be so bored as to bully Mu Mingxue, not to mention that Luo Xi Xuan was still by Hua Tianming's side.
"It's nothing, Young Master. Can I not say?" Mu Mingxue said pitifully.
Seeing her like this, Luo Zheng was very confused, but he didn't ask anymore. He should ask Hua Tianming about this matter.
However, that old man Feng had brought him here and told him to wait here. He didn't know where Hua Tianming had gone, so he could only wait for that brat to appear again.
The scenery here was very pleasant. Although Luo Zheng wasn't in a good mood, it was still very pleasant. Sometimes, he would completely empty his mind and admire the flowers by the lake outside with Mu Mingxue.
Three days later, people came one after another.
They were all black-clothed men from the Demi-Immortal Clan. These people didn't speak, leaving behind a few things and then leaving.
These things were all very rare medicinal herbs. Any one of them could be taken out to be the highlight of an auction.
Even Luo Zheng, who was used to seeing rare treasures, couldn't help but click his tongue when he saw these herbs. The Demi-Immortal Clan's foundation was really deep beyond his imagination.
When these things were almost all delivered, three black-clothed leaders appeared. They were all Realm Lords.
The three of them introduced themselves. They could be considered relatively important figures in the Demi-Immortal Clan. The three of them were all skilled in healing martial artists. In the universe, their methods were definitely top notch.

Chapter 1406
It wasn't difficult to treat Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng also had some pills that could regenerate flesh, but the difference between the regenerated flesh and blood would be quite big …
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that they would use some kind of elixir or something like that.
But they only came to do one thing, and that was to make extremely accurate measurements.
From the fracture of Luo Zheng's muscles to the thickness and width of his bones, they were accurate to the point of a hair's breadth.
After working for four to six hours, the three of them left.
Mu Mingxue and Luo Zheng were also very confused. Were these people here to help him treat his hands?
One day later, the leader of the group came back. He took Luo Zheng outside, measured the distance, and walked ten steps away from the door. "It's here. Come here."
Luo Zheng stood in the direction pointed by the man, somewhat confused.
Although he passed the test of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he didn't know much about the Demi-Immortal Clan, so he didn't know what they were going to do.
The man grabbed Luo Zheng's arm, adjusted his position, and then nodded, took two steps back, and made a gesture towards the sky …
The originally clear sky was suddenly filled with dark clouds. Amidst the layers of dark clouds, two green lightning bolts streaked across the sky, like two green dragons that were faintly discernible in the clouds!
"Crackle …"
Luo Zheng stared, and almost before he could react, the two green lightning bolts had already descended and hit Luo Zheng's hands!
The powerful force of the lightning made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end. His mind almost stopped, and he almost couldn't think.
Luo Zheng knew that some lightning actually contained a powerful life force. These lightning bolts could give birth to life in the Spirit Sea, but he didn't expect that the Demi-Immortal Clan would use this method to treat his hands …
Meridians continued to extend from his white bony hands, crawling all the way from his arms, like small worms, circling around the back of his hands, and then along the bones of his fingers, all the way to his fingertips.
Next were the muscles, tendons, skin, and so on.
Luo Zheng felt waves of numbness in his hands. He couldn't exert any strength at all. In addition, he also felt an invisible force twisting his hands, preventing him from falling to the ground.
When the green lightning dissipated, the power suddenly disappeared. The remaining power of the lightning suddenly lashed out, and he rolled on the ground, unable to move for a long time.
The man walked out and grabbed Luo Zheng's hands. He turned them over and looked at them. Then he nodded expressionlessly. "There should be no problem, but it's still not perfect. Someone will help you later. Try not to use too much strength in your hands these days."
After that, the man flew away without looking back, leaving Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue here. They looked at each other in dismay.
The Demi-Immortals really were eccentric, and each one was more bizarre than the last.
Luo Zheng moved his hands. There was a conspicuous dividing line between his hands and arms. The upper half of his arms was black, while the skin that had just grown was white. It was like a pair of well-maintained women's hands.
It seemed that it would take some time to get used to it. Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless.
Not long after, the Demi-Immortals sent another person. This time it was Old Man Feng, the patriarch of the Demi-Immortals.
Seeing Old Man Feng, Luo Zheng had a bellyful of questions. For example, why did Hua Tianming and the others come to the Demi-Immortals? Were the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield here? What was the purpose of inviting him to the Demi-Immortals?
Old Man Feng was a sly old fox. He didn't directly answer Luo Zheng's questions. "This time I came to help you heal that little girl's damaged soul." As soon as his voice fell, Old Man Feng pointed his finger at Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng felt his body suddenly shake. The red light that had condensed in his body quickly rushed out.
These light spots were the most primitive form of the Sword Spirit. As they continued to condense, the red light dissipated and finally condensed into Xun's body.
Xun fell into a deep sleep. She hugged her knees and closed her eyes, hugging herself like a baby.
Old Man Feng then took out a small incense burner. After lighting it, he placed it in a corner of the room. He didn't know what kind of incense was burning inside, but it seemed to have an extremely strong soul nourishing effect. From the incense burner, a faint purple smoke slowly drifted out. As the smoke drifted, Luo Zheng inadvertently inhaled a bit. He immediately felt refreshed. Old Man Feng didn't say anything, but Luo Zheng knew that this was an extraordinary item. It was probably priceless.
Most of the purple smoke rushed into Xun's body.
"During this time, don't take her back into your body. Let her stay in this room," Old Man Feng advised.
Luo Zheng nodded. He couldn't be too far away from Xun, but he could still move around. This wasn't a problem. "I want to ask …"
Just as he opened his mouth, Old Man Feng gestured for him to keep quiet. He smiled faintly. "All problems will be solved. In ten days, I will take you to exchange your blood. At that time, I will talk to you about those dragons of yours …"
Seeing that Old Man Feng was about to leave, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have any means to keep this Celestial Master. In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng said calmly, "If you don't explain these things clearly, I refuse to join the Celestial Clan!"
The doubts in his heart all began when he met this old man. Although nothing major had happened during this time, Luo Zheng's world view had been overturned by the constant guessing.
In this strange environment, Luo Zheng felt like he was going crazy!
Old Man Feng smiled faintly. His figure became more and more blurred. When his figure completely disappeared in front of Luo Zheng, he only left a sentence. "We are proving our sincerity. The final choice is in your hands."
Luo Zheng curled his lips, but his eyes were fixed on Xun. His face was expressionless as he thought about that sentence in his mind.
Indeed, the Celestial Clan wasn't completely trustworthy. What they were doing now was completely proving their sincerity to him.
What was their purpose?
To ensure that he would be loyal to them in the future?
No …
Luo Zheng would only walk his own path. As long as it didn't violate his own principles, he wouldn't do anything to betray the Celestial Clan. This was Luo Zheng's character.
Unless some difficult choices in the future were to be made, then the "sincerity" shown by the Celestial Clan would influence his choice.
Luo Zheng kept analyzing in his heart.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng finally calmed down. No matter what choice he made, it was in his hands. Perhaps his fate would be controlled by the secret forces, but he would eventually unveil this layer of veil.
His gaze finally fell on Xun.
Even though she was curled up into a ball, it couldn't hide Xun's beautiful figure. Her eyes were tightly shut, and her thick eyelashes were like a pair of brushes trembling slightly.
Xun's personality was relatively straightforward. Before this, Xun's behavior hadn't been strange. They had traveled together and supported each other. She wanted to help him advance in the martial path, and he would help her return to the throne.
Now, it seemed that things weren't as simple as they seemed.
There were some details in Xun's words that were worth thinking about. The biggest problem was Yao's motive for killing Xun.
From Xun's description, Yao had made her preparations and directly attacked Xun. But what was her motive? If she really wanted to control the entire Fiend Night Clan, then Yao would have to kill Ying. However, Ying and Yao lived together peacefully.
Moreover, Ying clearly knew that Yao wanted to monopolize the Fiend Night Clan. Yet, she still dared to reincarnate and become Qing Yu? She didn't seem to be afraid of Yao's methods.
This was very contradictory.
After Xun woke up, he would have a good talk with her. She wouldn't hide anything from him, right …
"Sir, here's some spirit tea." Mu Mingxue handed Luo Zheng a cup of green tea at an appropriate time.

Chapter 1407
Little by little, the purple smoke from the incense burner seeped into Xun's body. Xun's aura grew stronger and stronger.
Luo Zheng tried to study what was burning in the incense burner. When he looked down, he saw a purple crystal being burned by a thin wisp of flame.
"This is the Shining Dragon Crystal. It's a crystal that's formed by boiling dragon oil. It's very precious and has an excellent effect on healing the soul." The Azure Dragon's voice sounded in his mind again. "The value of this small piece of Shining Dragon Crystal is almost equivalent to a supreme artifact."
"You're finally willing to talk," Luo Zheng said.
In the past, Qinglong had been like a guiding light to Luo Zheng, but now he was silent.
Qinglong knew that Luo Zheng was dissatisfied, but he smiled faintly and said, "An ant faces a mountain. If it doesn't look up, it will climb over the mountain one day. But if the little ant knows the height of the mountain, I think it will lose the courage to climb over it."
The little ant that Qinglong was talking about was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng understood this. Things hadn't reached that point yet. Knowing would only do him harm.
But Luo Zheng was still curious ….
"It's a lot earlier than I expected," Qinglong sighed faintly. "But it's good. You're about to change your blood. Once you become a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, many truths will be revealed."
"Why do I have to change my blood? Because I want to join the Demi-Immortal Clan? "Luo Zheng frowned." Can I refuse? "
Although the Demi-Immortal Clan had helped Luo Zheng, he didn't like the feeling of being kept in the dark. It was as if everyone was hiding a great conspiracy.
"Yes, you have to change your blood. But it has nothing to do with joining the Demi-Immortal Clan," Qinglong said.
"Can you give me a clear explanation?" Luo Zheng didn't want to beat around the bush. He only wanted one thing, and that was the truth.
"Because the blood of the Demi-Immortal Clan is very special. Increasing your strength is only one aspect. It has another important function, and that is to prevent certain people from discovering you," Qinglong said.
Those people were probably people who couldn't be revealed. Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He didn't want to know who those people were. Qinglong wouldn't tell him anyway ….
Qinglong also sensed Luo Zheng's emotions. He said, "Some people have attacked you once. They must have thought that you were a seedling …. In fact, you really shouldn't have competed for the first place in the Demi-Immortal Clan, you were too conspicuous......"
"You fought once?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"When you were in the Divine Kingdom Continent," Qinglong said.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed again. He remembered that terrifying strike. That very regular black line had almost unimaginable power. It was also that strike that had destroyed all the mountains in the Vast Thousand Domains.
"That should be their negligence. After all, there are thousands of seedlings like you in the Vast Thousand Domains …. But most of them haven't grown up yet. Even if they did, they would be discovered during the Heavenly Tribulation and would be killed. But you survived, so now you have the upper hand," Qinglong said.
Thousands of seedlings?
Luo Zheng felt that he had gained another piece of information.
There was more than one person like him? Why did they pay such a high price?
It couldn't be to kill a True God, right?
Even if it was to kill a True God, it didn't need to pay such a high price ….
Through inference, Luo Zheng vaguely saw the tip of the iceberg. He realized that the mountain in front of him was indeed unimaginably high.
"So you have to change the blood of the Demi-Immortal Clan. This is a very important part," Qinglong said.
Luo Zheng nodded and didn't refute.
There were some people he had to trust. Qinglong was one of them, and so was Xun. Perhaps Xun didn't explain something clearly, but even if he was deceived, Luo Zheng would stand firmly behind Xun.
Three days later, the candle dragon crystal in the incense burner was almost burned out, and the purple smoke gradually dissipated.
Xun still hadn't woken up. She was still sleeping, and her expression was very peaceful.
Luo Zheng didn't know if it was the effect of the candle dragon crystal or if she deliberately refused to wake up, but there was nothing he could do about it. He could only put her into his body.
After being put into Luo Zheng's body, Xun opened her eyes slightly, pursed her thin lips, and closed her eyes again.
At this time, the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan finally came. As old man Feng said, today was the day he changed his blood.
Along with the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan, they traveled millions of miles through the world passage. After a day and a half, they finally arrived at their destination.
In front of Luo Zheng's eyes, there was a huge waterfall, as if the flow of the sea had been cut off, rushing down from a mountain thousands of feet high!
With such a large amount of water falling from above, there should be a violent roar, but he didn't know what method the Demi-Immortal Clan used, but the sound of the waterfall was not loud.
"Let's go in." The leader led the way. The moment he entered the waterfall, the water curtain naturally split into two sides, as if a door had opened automatically.
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue looked at each other, and then followed him into the waterfall.
Unexpectedly, as soon as Luo Zheng entered, he heard a fierce quarrel …
Hidden in the waterfall was a majestic hall, magnificent in gold and jade everywhere. On both sides of the hall were carvings of various qilins, dragons, snakes, tigers, leopards, and all kinds of fierce legendary beasts. Among them, Luo Zheng found a statue of a "fierce scorpion".
However, Luo Zheng's attention was attracted by the quarrel.
"I will never agree to let Luo Zheng use such precious blood!"
"Humph, can he bear it? The Heavenly Origin Blood has been guarded by the Demi-Immortal Clan for so many years! "
"Patriarch, if you aren't afraid he will explode and die, then let him change it! If he dies, we will take the Heavenly God's Blood! "
"In fact, I have begun to suspect the purpose of the Demi-Immortal Clan. Patriarch, what are you planning?"
Rather than a quarrel, it was more like a siege.
In the center of the hall, there were seven people gathered together, fiercely pointing at old man Feng …
Among these people, four were Great Realm Lords, and the other three were Celestial Venerables. Luo Zheng had seen one of them before. When Luo Zheng was besieged by many Celestial Venerables, it was one of them who passed on the message.
In fact, Luo Zheng was also a little puzzled. Why didn't old man Feng directly use the Roaring Command? Perhaps there were other hidden reasons. Perhaps the Demi-Immortal Clan was not allowed to use the Roaring Command?
Seeing how Old Man Feng was at a loss for words, Luo Zheng felt a wave of satisfaction in his heart. Who told you to act all high and mighty in front of me? So, as one of the most powerful existences in the universe, there are times when you are in trouble!
"Luo Zheng is here!"
It was unknown who said this, but the seven people all turned their heads to look at him.
These seven people were either Great Realm Lords or Celestial Venerables. How shocking was their aura?
Not to mention the seven of them, even one of the Celestial Venerables could damage Luo Zheng's soul with just their soul pressure alone, or even destroy it.
However, in the end, these seven people did not really use their soul pressure to suppress Luo Zheng. That pressure was just the release of their emotions.
Even so, their aura was enough to topple mountains and overturn seas. Luo Zheng's face instantly turned pale, and Mu Mingxue's legs went soft, and she fainted on the ground …
Seeing Mu Mingxue faint, Luo Zheng's eyebrows immediately furrowed.
"You old fellows don't have any magnanimity. How can you treat a junior like this?"
Old man Feng waved his hand, and a warm breeze brushed past his face.
Immediately, Luo Zheng felt the pressure on him lessen, and he squatted down to help Mu Mingxue up.
Although he knew that these people were the top figures of the Demi-Immortal Clan, their actions just now left a very bad impression on Luo Zheng.
These people all stared at Luo Zheng with cold expressions.
Just now, Luo Zheng had heard that the blood he wanted to exchange was not ordinary, which was why these people objected.
However, these people could not persuade old man Feng, so they naturally did not have good expressions towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's analysis was probably correct. The Demi-Immortal Clan's golden blood was divided into three types: Heavenly Origin Blood, Earthly Origin Blood, and Human Origin Blood.
Most of the Demi-Immortal Clan martial artists exchanged blood for Human Origin Blood. Only a small number of martial artists exchanged for Earthly Origin Blood.
As for Heavenly Origin Blood, the Demi-Immortal Clan had only inherited two portions. Many years ago, they had used one portion. Now, they wanted to exchange the last portion of Heavenly Origin Blood for Luo Zheng. How could these Celestial Venerables and Great Realm Lords be willing? Naturally, they argued with reason to stop the old patriarch.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1408
Luo Zheng originally had some thoughts about exchanging blood.
But now, seeing these people's expressions, Luo Zheng wanted to immediately take action.
"Old patriarch, today is the day of exchanging blood. Can we begin now?" Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face.
Old man Feng was having a headache under the questioning of these people. He probably still had to convince Luo Zheng. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng's attitude to take a 180-degree turn. This was out of his expectations.
"Kid, have you really thought it through? Let me tell you, this Heavenly Origin Blood is very special and abnormally overbearing. If you don't handle it well, you might die from blood loss, "one of the Empyreans said coldly.
Another person beside him immediately chimed in, "Ordinary warriors can't withstand it at all. I suggest you think it through carefully!"
Luo Zheng stepped forward and entered the center of the hall. His gaze swept over these experts.
The younger generation of warriors would find it difficult to even stand under the gaze of these people. Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. He had seen more than one or two Empyreans. He had even encountered dozens of Empyreans besieging him.
Luo Zheng suddenly smiled, "Sirs, do you think I'm an ordinary warrior?"
As soon as these words came out, the seven people's expressions froze. How could someone who could obtain first place in the Illusory Battlefield be ordinary?
Old man Feng also snorted coldly, "At this juncture, you're still worried about this Heavenly Origin Blood! Your vision can only see one step ahead. It's too narrow … "After saying this, he turned to Luo Zheng and smiled," Since you're ready, follow me! "
Old man Feng then turned and walked into the hall. Luo Zheng nodded and called out to Mu Mingxue, who also followed old man Feng into the inner hall. The Empyreans and Great Realm Lords looked at each other, then followed them into the inner hall.
The structure of the inner hall was very strange. The center of the ground was deeply sunken, forming a spiral staircase.
"You stand in the center," old man Feng instructed.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and stepped down along the spiral on the ground, standing in the center.
Those several Celestial Venerables clearly knew that they couldn't stop them, so they could only watch from the side. Mu Mingxue leaned against a corner and stared at Luo Zheng below.
"The Heavenly Origin Blood is indeed very tyrannical. Whether or not you can withstand it will depend on yourself." Although old man Feng said this, he did not sound worried at all. He knew Luo Zheng very well, even better than Luo Zheng himself!
After he finished speaking, old man Feng lightly patted the ground, and two martial artists brought out a glass jar that was as tall as a person. This glass jar was as tall as a person, and what was inside was none other than a jar of golden blood!
If it was an ordinary blood exchange, old man Feng wouldn't have had to do it himself, but the Heavenly Origin Blood was too precious, not to mention that Luo Zheng's identity was very special. This time, old man Feng had to do it himself.
"Sit down, cross your legs, close your eyes, and calm your mind," old man Feng instructed.
Luo Zheng did as he was told. After sitting down cross-legged, he entered a state of cultivation, and at the same time calmed his mind. For a martial artist, this was as smooth as eating and drinking.
But just as he calmed down, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his chest. There was a small hole the size of a little finger in his chest!
His heart had been pierced!
But the angle of the hole was very clever, and the position of the hole was also very precise. A column of blood spurted out in front of him!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still a little flustered. Although a martial artist's blood was powerful, the blood in his body had almost flowed out. He probably wouldn't be able to survive …
When the scarlet blood spurted out, it flowed along a spiral in front of him. There seemed to be a strange gravitational force in the groove of the spiral that drew his blood away!
At the same time, old man Feng opened the glass jar, and the jar of Heavenly Origin Blood suddenly rushed out!
When it was in the jar, the golden Heavenly Origin Blood looked normal. But when old man Feng opened the jar, it seemed to release a powerful vicious beast. The large mass of Heavenly Origin Blood flowed on the ground, constantly rolling, darting left and right in an attempt to escape …
This mass of blood had been left there for a long time, and had already formed a blood spirit with its own consciousness. It understood that it was going to be devoured by someone, and was naturally unwilling.
Old man Feng coldly snorted. He reached out and grabbed at the air, instantly erasing the blood spirit. Then, the mass of golden Heavenly Origin Blood flowed along a groove in the spiral.
There were two parallel grooves in the spiral. One was where Luo Zheng's blood flowed out, while the other was where the golden Heavenly Origin Blood flowed in. As a result, the spiral turned into two parallel lines, one gold and one red.
When the golden Heavenly Origin Blood flowed down the groove and arrived in front of Luo Zheng, old man Feng pointed a finger at Luo Zheng's chest. At the same time, the golden Heavenly Origin Blood leaped up like a small snake and burrowed into the small hole!
Two types of blood, one entering and one exiting. This was the entire blood exchange process.
Although Luo Zheng's eyes were tightly shut, he could still sense what was happening in front of him. He sighed in his heart. He wondered who came up with this blood exchange method, but it was very ingenious.
Soon, Luo Zheng no longer had the leisure to let his imagination run wild.
He soon felt the tyrannical power of the Heavenly Origin Blood!
After the Heavenly Origin Blood entered Luo Zheng's body, it flowed along his arteries, from the main arteries to the branches, and then dispersed into the capillaries. It began to spread throughout his body, and at the same time, began to circulate in his body!
After all, this was not Luo Zheng's blood. Luo Zheng suddenly felt his whole body swelling up, as if his entire body was about to burst open, and some monster was about to rush out.
But this was only an illusion.
In fact, it was Luo Zheng's meridians that were swelling up, and the meridians spread throughout almost every part of his body. That was why Luo Zheng had such an illusion.
In the eyes of others, the meridians on Luo Zheng's forehead, neck, and arms were all swelling up. It was as if there were countless small snakes under his skin, and they were even slowly wriggling. It was a rather frightening sight.
The Heavenly Venerables continued to stare coldly at Luo Zheng. They knew how important Luo Zheng was. It was necessary for Luo Zheng to change his blood, but changing his blood for her would make it easier for him to hide. For this effect, the Earth Origin Blood was enough. There was no need to use the Heavenly Origin Blood at all!
As for their previous threat to Luo Zheng, saying that he would explode and die if he absorbed the Heavenly Origin Blood.
These people had already seen Luo Zheng's abnormal physique through the Illusory Battlefield. It would not be so easy to make Luo Zheng explode and die …
Now that Luo Zheng was absorbing the Heavenly Origin Blood so smoothly, they were somewhat puzzled.
The last person to absorb the Heavenly Origin Blood was the old patriarch himself. At the time, he had already been a Realm Lord and had exchanged his Earth Origin Blood for the Heavenly Origin Blood. Even so, the old patriarch had suffered greatly!
Old Man Feng, who could not bear it, had almost destroyed the entire hall.
When had it become so easy to absorb the Heavenly Origin Blood?
The Heavenly Venerables glanced at each other, their eyes filled with astonishment.
"Don't you find it strange?"
"Mm, it seems like this kid's original bloodline should be the Heavenly Origin Blood …"
"Ha ha, that's impossible."
Their discussion did not reach Luo Zheng's ears. At this moment, Luo Zheng really felt like he was about to explode.
Every part of his body was releasing an endless pressure that was squeezing his entire body outwards! His body was like a jar that was restraining this immense pressure within his body.
Under this immense pressure, Luo Zheng was miserable beyond words. He wished he could split himself in half and drive this pressure away!
However, Luo Zheng's body was ultimately different from a human's!
At this moment, the uniqueness of his body was also revealed. Under the intense pressure, it once again turned into little warm currents. These were the Primordial Astral Stars …

Chapter 1409
Luo Zheng felt his scalp go numb when he saw the densely packed little spiders that looked like a sea of blood spreading towards him.
Luo Zheng had encountered many dangers before, but he had never been so passive. He had fallen into this Realm Lord's trap while being unprepared. This indeed gave Luo Zheng a headache.
The only thing that comforted Luo Zheng was Xun.
Although Xun didn't reveal any information to Luo Zheng, from Xun's attitude, she didn't seem to like Bi Feiyu's scheme.
Bi Feiyu seemed to be very wary of these little spiders. When they spread over, he lightly pointed his finger and a circle of dark red flames spread out, enveloping his entire body.
The sea of spiders was like a tide. They climbed up the silk thread and quickly reached Luo Zheng's side.
Luo Zheng looked at these fist-sized red spiders with a puzzled expression. The possibility of these spiders hurting him wasn't high, and Luo Zheng himself wasn't afraid of strong poison. Why were they gathering around him?
While he was thinking, the little spiders climbed onto Luo Zheng's body. They extended their sharp mouthparts and fiercely nailed onto Luo Zheng's skin.
What surprised Luo Zheng was that the mouthparts of these little spiders were so powerful that Luo Zheng's divine artifact body couldn't resist them at all. The mouthparts sunk deeply into Luo Zheng's skin!
Immediately, the originally swollen body of the little spiders deflated in an instant. They tilted to one side and rolled off Luo Zheng's body. They were actually dead!
All the little red spiders were doing the same thing. After nailing themselves onto Luo Zheng's body, they seemed to have injected something from their abdomens into Luo Zheng's body and rolled to one side.
Luo Zheng didn't feel anything, but he felt even more puzzled. If these little spiders injected poison, they shouldn't have died immediately. Why did they do this?
This process was quite long, lasting a full four to six hours.
The small spiders, which had been surging like seawater, had become sparse. Below Luo Zheng, the corpses of the small red spiders had been piled up like a mountain.
Seeing that it was about time, Bi Feiyu sneered. He flew up and grabbed Luo Zheng, pulling him down from the golden spider web.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could only let Bi Feiyu do whatever he wanted. Not to mention that he couldn't move because of the Golden Spider Silk, even if he didn't have any restraints on his body, he still wouldn't be Bi Feiyu's opponent.
He carried Luo Zheng and walked to the other side. After a few steps, he smiled and waved his hand. The hexagonal seal also floated down and followed behind him.
"Be patient, it's going to end soon," Bi Feiyu sneered.
He carried Luo Zheng to a corner of the space, where another bronze door appeared in front of him. This bronze door was a lot smaller than the one outside the Massacre Sword Mountain, but it was almost the same!
"The gate of the Massacre Sword Mountain is easy to deal with, but this door is a big trouble for me. I wasted a lot of time here. Fortunately, you came, hehe …"
After that, he dragged Luo Zheng and threw him toward the bronze door!
Luo Zheng was like a thrown stone, smashing hard on the bronze door. His head directly hit the door, making a loud bang!
The bronze door's hardness was amazing. Luo Zheng's head could be considered as a divine tool, but it didn't suffer any damage under this impact.
Seeing this, Bi Feiyu grabbed the air and pulled Luo Zheng back into his hand. Then he grabbed Luo Zheng and threw him toward the bronze door again!
"Bang!"
After the second time, the bronze door still didn't have any reaction.
Bi Feiyu frowned, "Is that thing asleep?"
Thinking of this, he grabbed Luo Zheng and threw him at the bronze door again …
"Hong!"
This time, the force was strong enough. After being thrown by a sector lord, even Luo Zheng felt dizzy!
At this moment, the bronze door reacted again. The statue on it began to move, and the thousand legged spider on the bronze door actually climbed down!
"This spider, is it alive?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
On the bronze door outside the Massacre Sword Mountain, there was a statue of a thousand legged spider. There was also one on this bronze door, so Luo Zheng didn't look at it carefully.
Now, Luo Zheng realized that this thousand legged spider wasn't a statue, but a living giant spider. This spider had been on the door for who knew how many years …
Such a spider on the door was able to stop a sector lord like Bi Feiyu from entering. It wasn't hard for Luo Zheng to imagine how strong this spider was.
In the past, Luo Zheng's thoughts were simple. Above the three transformations was the sector lord, and above that was the sky sovereign.
Now it seemed that there were still many things in this universe that he didn't understand. Even Qinglong and Xun were hiding things from him.
This made Luo Zheng doubt himself.
In that case, was there another reason for guiding him upwards and even leading him to look for his sister?
He didn't know if there was a chance to solve these questions. Luo Zheng laughed bitterly in his heart.
"Zi …"
The spider slowly climbed down from the bronze door and extended its slender limbs. The tip of the limb was like a blade. With a light flick, the golden threads binding Luo Zheng's body immediately broke.
The moment Luo Zheng regained his freedom, he wanted to jump up and escape!
However, just as he wanted to do so, a depressed expression appeared on his face. He couldn't move at all.
The huge spider used its ten limbs to 'lift' Luo Zheng up and entered the bronze door.
Bi Feiyu had a faint smile on his face as he followed closely behind. The black panther he raised also followed closely behind. Xun was also brought into the bronze door.
Countless limbs slowly crawled on the ground. Luo Zheng was lifted into the air, right below the spider's abdomen. He sized up his surroundings.
In the cave behind the bronze door, Luo Zheng finally saw swords …
There were many long swords, and they were scattered all over the cave. There were all kinds of weapons, including Immortal Artifacts, Sacred Artifacts, and Divine Artifacts …
"These are the swords on the killing sword mountain? Or is it just an illusion? " Luo Zheng curiously sized up his surroundings. However, not long after, Luo Zheng saw an extremely shocking scene.
He saw Yi Jian Tianzun, Chen Huang Yi Jian!
"How is this possible …"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of disbelief.
Luo Zheng couldn't feel any vitality from this person. His entire body was completely withered. He should have died here after falling into the Five Decay of Heaven. Even though the Sky Sovereign had died, he still emitted an aura that was difficult to approach.
Luo Zheng had already confirmed that Chen Huang Yi Jian had become a True God. Therefore, when he saw Chen Huang Yi Jian's corpse, he fell into a daze.
It could be seen that Bi Feiyu was also very confused.
The Wen Qing sword heart on Luo Zheng's body was definitely passed down to him by the Old Manor Lord.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng said that the Old Manor Lord had become a True God, Bi Feiyu himself believed seventy to eighty percent of it. At this moment, when he suddenly saw the Old Manor Lord's corpse, he immediately panicked.
For this bronze door, Bi Feiyu could be said to have racked his brains, but in the end, he was unable to break through it.
He never thought that Yi Jian Tianzun would actually die behind this door!
This door required a person who possessed the Wen Qing sword heart to obtain the approval of the Thousand Legged Spider and open it …
As for the Wen Qing sword heart, it required the Yi Jian Tianzun to bestow it. But now, the Yi Jian Tianzun had died behind this door.
This formed a paradox. Then who was the person who gave Luo Zheng the Wen Qing sword heart?
He and Luo Zheng were also in a state of great confusion. At the same time, they were also extremely vigilant!
Xun sat upright within the hexagonal seal and looked at the scene not far away. A faint smile appeared on her face.
In her opinion, Bi Feiyu's actions were extremely laughable.
The first place in the Illusory Battlefield was not as simple as a symbol. It involved the future direction of the entire universe.
It was not an easy task to kill Luo Zheng.
If one were to talk about death, Luo Zheng might die in the upcoming great calamity, but he definitely wouldn't die here.

Chapter 1410
The information in this blood was very vague and hard to understand.
Every time Luo Zheng immersed himself in it, someone seemed to whisper something in Luo Zheng's ear.
Luo Zheng tried to listen to the content, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't hear it clearly.
Several days later, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was also sent to this place. This brat's complexion was very bad, completely deathly pale. After seeing everyone, he began to complain, "What kind of lousy blood is this? You almost killed me!"
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao wasn't born in a big family, so he didn't have many scruples and fear. He only believed in the sword next to him. Coming to the Sky Immortal Tribe wasn't his own idea, so it was normal for him to speak rudely.
The warriors who entered this place all had a deep expression on their faces. The process of changing blood wasn't that wonderful.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was also here. Now, besides Qing Yu, only Xi Youqin was missing.
Seeing Xi Youqin again in the universe, Luo Zheng was looking forward to it, but at the same time, he was a little worried. Through the memory of the Boundless World in his mind, he found that Ning Yudie had also ascended. However, he didn't know which big world she had ascended to. After finishing this phase, Luo Zheng should go to find Ning Yudie.
However, with Luo Zheng's current prestige, no matter which big world Ning Yudie had ascended to, as long as she belonged to the three big forces of the Human Tribe, it shouldn't be a big problem. At least, they wouldn't make things difficult for Ning Yudie.
What Luo Zheng could do next was to wait. Wait for Xi Youqin to arrive, and wait for Old Man Feng's plan.
However, the days of waiting were inevitably boring …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was bored to death, so he walked around. He liked to find a big rock and show off his tall and sturdy back. Then, he would show off there for the whole day.
Lie Qianhan, on the other hand, was a little neurotic. He would often find Xuanyuan Chenfeng to tell him some lame jokes, but he would be chased away by Xuanyuan Chenfeng after a few sentences.
Other than cultivating every day, Hua Tianming would chat with Luo Zheng. This guy should be the one who knew the most of the truth among the younger generation present, but he still kept his mouth shut. Every time they talked about something important, he would very frankly tell Luo Zheng that he couldn't reveal it. Luo Zheng couldn't do anything about it.
The most carefree person was Ji Luoxue.
Every day, she would find a comfortable corner and assume a lazy posture. She would open a novel in her hands and immerse herself in the colorful stories. If she was tired of reading, she would find Luo Zheng and ask Luo Zheng to tell her some stories.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse. In any case, in the boundless universe, there were countless stories like this. He just needed to find those that were more famous and more widely spread.
Unexpectedly, after Luo Zheng spoke a few times, more and more people gathered around, including Hua Tianming, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao and others. Even Ku Deng occasionally came to listen. Luo Zheng joked, "If this continues, it'll be time to charge …"
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan both had disdainful looks on their faces every time they passed by.
These two originally hated Luo Zheng's previous actions, and now they were even more so …
On this day, when Luo Zheng had just reached the key point, he saw that everyone was looking at him with an incomparably frightened expression.
Luo Zheng's face was full of bewilderment. He wasn't telling a horror story. Moreover, this group of people wasn't afraid of anything. Why were they looking at him with such expressions?
"Luo Zheng … your skin," Ji Luoxue pointed at Luo Zheng himself.
Luo Zheng looked at his hands. His entire skin suddenly turned crimson red. At the same time, the restlessness that had disappeared long ago reappeared …
The Evil Qi erupted!
When Luo Zheng entered the bottom of the Killing Sword Mountain, countless blood-red spiders exploded. The Evil Qi frantically rushed into Luo Zheng's body, but it didn't erupt.
Old Feng said that the Evil Qi hid the secret of the Severing Emotions Divine Path, but Luo Zheng didn't see it.
Naturally, Luo Zheng didn't know that the Evil Qi contained a special kind of poison. This kind of poison wasn't an ordinary kind of poison. It had a deep impact on the martial artist's soul, and the key to cultivating the Severing Emotions Divine Path was this poison.
At this moment, when the Evil Qi erupted, the Evil Qi mixed with the poison rushed from the bottom to the top, rushing towards Luo Zheng's mind!
"Buzz!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes turned red, and the turbulent Evil Qi erupted!
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
Ji Luoxue and the others, who had originally gathered around Luo Zheng, distanced themselves from Luo Zheng in an instant.
There was no other reason. Strong Evil Qi could easily be mistaken as killing intent. In fact, people who cultivated Evil Qi were indeed difficult to approach. They looked like dangerous people …
How fast were these Dao Disciples to react?
After distancing themselves, everyone stared at Luo Zheng vigilantly, constantly on guard against Luo Zheng's sudden attack.
Although Luo Zheng's strength was the strongest among these ten people, no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to face several people alone. Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan, who were further away, stared coldly at Luo Zheng. They couldn't wait for something to happen to Luo Zheng. With such turbulent Evil Qi, it would be best if he suffered a backlash.
"What's wrong with Luo Zheng?" Ji Luoxue frowned and asked.
"Should we inform the people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao asked.
"Amitabha. Donor Luo is surrounded by Evil Qi. It seems that the sin of killing is too heavy …" Ku Deng put his palms together and started to recite the Rebirth Mantra to purify Luo Zheng's Evil Qi.
It would be better if he didn't purify it. As soon as he was about to purify it, Luo Zheng pounced on Ku Deng like a fierce leopard!
Facing Luo Zheng's bare-handed attack, ordinary warriors would have run away. Ku Deng didn't show any fear on his face. He reached out his hand to Luo Zheng, and a Buddha's hand appeared beside Luo Zheng, firmly holding him in place!
However, this move only managed to slow Luo Zheng down slightly. As Luo Zheng struggled violently, the Buddha's hand was torn apart like a burlap sack. It was instantly torn apart!
At this moment, Ku Deng showed a cautious look. "Donor Luo seems to be crazy. Guys, please help him …"
Ji Luoxue moved lightly, and with a flick of her slender fingers, the Five Elements Law connected to each other and formed a net, covering Luo Zheng in place. Jiang Zhengyi, who didn't get along well with the others, suddenly clapped his hands, and a big golden bell fell down on Luo Zheng!
The others also took action. They didn't hurt Luo Zheng, but just wanted to bind Luo Zheng in place.
In the end, Luo Zheng wasn't able to break free from the joint forces of these Daoists. Even though he was venting his strength in a frenzy, it was still futile …
After a long time, the manic feeling in Luo Zheng's heart gradually disappeared, and his eyes gradually became clear. Seeing that everyone was looking at him as if he was facing a great enemy, he was puzzled.
"You seem to be controlled by your own Evil Spirit." Ji Luoxue showed a strange look. "In my impression, you don't seem to be a bloodthirsty person. Where did you collect so much Evil Spirit?"
"When Luo Xi Xuan comes, let her report this matter to her superiors," Jiang Zhengyi said coldly. He was paranoid about justice, so he didn't have a good impression of Luo Zheng. It was as if he wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
"No need." Hua Tianming smiled. "This is Luo Zheng's cultivation method …"
"Cultivation method?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was puzzled. "Luo Zheng's main cultivation method is Evil Spirit?"
The main cultivation method of Evil Spirit was all dangerous and evil. It could be achieved in a short period of time, but it could never be achieved. Sooner or later, it would collapse. People who cultivated this kind of cultivation method were destined to not go far, and they couldn't have Luo Zheng's current achievements. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao naturally didn't believe it.
"It's just a cultivation method," Hua Tianming replied indifferently.
Luo Zheng was also puzzled. He remembered the feeling of agitation he felt just now. Could he cultivate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao with this feeling? Could he open the last lotus leaf? This was impossible, but Hua Tianming said so, and so did Old Man Feng. He didn't have a choice. He couldn't expel the Evil Spirit.
After a day, Luo Zheng's Evil Spirit erupted again. This time, it was even more ferocious. Everyone had no choice but to subdue him again.
With this disturbance, everyone had something to do. While listening to Luo Zheng's story, they also had to be on guard against Luo Zheng's sudden attack. This situation was very strange …
This lasted for six or seven days. The Demi-Immortal clan finally brought Xi Youqin here.
Xi Youqin also went through the blood exchange. Her face was very pale. She was deceived into coming here. If she knew that the blood exchange would be so painful, she wouldn't have agreed. In the end, in order to truly reunite with Luo Zheng, she accepted it.
As soon as she arrived in the valley, she saw everyone besieging Luo Zheng. She screamed, and a touch of anger appeared on her pale face. She rushed down.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1411
Over the past few days, Luo Zheng had become more and more irritable with each eruption of the baleful aura that contained poison.
But gradually, he began to understand Chen Huang Yijian's intentions.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao was to completely eliminate one's own emotions. However, even Buddha had times when he was angry. As a living being, it was unrealistic for a martial artist to completely eliminate all emotions!
Unless Luo Zheng was a hard rock, then he was truly emotionless.
The complete Emotion Severing Divine Dao was almost non-existent. Even though Luo Zheng's talent was top-notch, and he was gradually approaching the Emotion Severing Divine Dao by relying on his own feelings, he was still lacking a bit …
Chen Huang's Yijian used a very special method.
That special baleful aura should have been created by Chen Huang Yijian himself. He used the baleful aura to fill his body, completely turning himself into a person who only knew how to kill.
In this state, Luo Zheng had completely blocked off his own emotions. His perception of external objects was infinitely reduced.
At this moment, he didn't even know whether he was a human, a ghost, or something else.
So in his agitation, he attacked everyone. Whether it was Hua Tianming, Ji Luoxue, or even Lie Qianhan, whom he hated very much, he treated them all equally and attacked them indiscriminately.
When there were no fluctuations in one's emotions, it was called emotion severing. To put it bluntly, Luo Zheng had become a stone that only knew how to kill. He didn't know the meaning of his killing, nor did he understand the meaning of killing his target.
Old Man Feng should have long expected that he would have this kind of reaction. He threw him here and let him torment himself. In any case, the other guys weren't so easy to provoke, so nothing bad would happen.
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng wasn't familiar with the method of severing emotions with baleful aura. When he became irritable, he could indeed sever emotions, but he couldn't control himself.
As he went berserk again and again, Luo Zheng's consciousness slowly became independent.
For example, at the beginning, he was like the most primitive beast. After losing consciousness, he completely relied on instinct to charge at Hua Tianming and the others.
But now, after Luo Zheng's eyes turned red, he could control his actions to a certain extent.
By the time Luo Zheng could control himself with ease, he would have stepped into the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Today, Luo Zheng had already learned how to draw his sword. Of course, he was still unable to use the Godly Yi Sword. Hua Tianming and the others had already gotten used to it. They seemed to treat it as their own training. Seeing that the situation was not right, they all used their own methods to restrain Luo Zheng.
However, something unexpected happened today.
Xi Youqin wasn't good at thinking too much. Many of the ideas in her mind often didn't turn around, especially when she was facing Luo Zheng.
At first glance, Xi Youqin thought that these guys were bullying Luo Zheng by relying on their numbers.
How could she look at such a scene?
As his figure surged, he forcefully endured the side effects of Blood Exchange. His light pink sleeves fluttered as four swords shot out!
"Whoosh! Whoosh!
Whoosh! "Xi Youqin's strength hadn't been fully released in the Illusory Battlefield. In a hurry, she didn't know when to relax. The four swords instantly fell around Luo Zheng and formed a defensive sword array, immediately isolating Hua Tianming and the others!
This sword array was so fierce that even Hua Tianming and the others were very afraid of it. They could only retreat first.
Then, Xi Youqin stood firmly in front of Luo Zheng. Facing the others, she frowned and said angrily, "You have so many people, and you're bullying Luo Zheng! Do you want to die? "Her words were very rude. She had never taken these Heavenly Legends and Dao Disciples seriously.
Ji Luoxue curled the corners of her mouth, and a trace of playfulness and mockery appeared on her cold and beautiful face.
Ku Deng and Jiang Zhengyi didn't say anything.
Hua Tianming knew Xi Youqin's character. His eyes flashed, and he helplessly reminded her, "Be careful of your back..."
"What?"
Xi Youqin was stunned. Then, she very sluggishly sensed the surging murderous aura behind her.
When he turned his head to look, he saw a blue sword coming straight at his face!
Xi Youqin would never have imagined that Luo Zheng's sword would stab at her. In fact, she had already formed four swords. She could block Luo Zheng's sword with a raise of her hand.
After all, Luo Zheng hadn't completely controlled himself in this state, so he couldn't be considered very powerful.
However, Xi Youqin's way of thinking was very different from ordinary people. Or rather, it was very easy for her to fall into emotions, especially when facing Luo Zheng.
She didn't dodge or block. Instead, she thought very sadly about why Luo Zheng wanted to assassinate her.
I wonder if he will tell me the truth before he dies, she thought to herself.
The sword wasn't slow. In an instant, it was only a few inches away from Xi Youqin. Just as it was about to pierce through Xi Youqin without hesitation, Luo Zheng suddenly roared. His left hand clenched into a fist, and he abruptly punched his right hand that was holding the sword!
The strength was so great that the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword flew out of his hand. The tip of the sword also moved away from Xi Youqin's face. However, as the sword flew out, the blade circled back and cut off a section of hair by Xi Youqin's ear. The hair fluttered in the wind. It was a very close call.
"Clang!"
The sword fell to the ground...
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and panted heavily. He cursed angrily, "Are you an idiot?!"
Xi Youqin stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Her eyes were filled with a strange color. At the same time, she felt very wronged. She was almost killed by Luo Zheng just now, and now he was calling her an idiot...
In the Illusory Battlefield, she didn't have many opportunities to interact with Luo Zheng. Perhaps in this man's heart, she was no longer important?
"You... what do you mean?" Xi Youqin's eyes suddenly turned red. She and her master had come from afar and endured the pain of blood exchange. When they finally saw Luo Zheng, he actually had such a reaction.
Every time the baleful aura's poison broke out, it would last for a considerable period of time. Luo Zheng had gradually been able to control it in the past few days. However, it was very strenuous for him to desperately suppress the baleful aura and not let himself get lost.
After all, Luo Zheng was trying to control himself while adapting to the baleful aura in order to comprehend the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. But now, for the sake of Xi Youqin's safety, he was suppressing the baleful aura. This was the opposite of the Dao.
Luo Zheng waved his hand. He resisted the restlessness in his heart. He gritted his teeth and said, "Can someone please take her away first..."
"Whoosh!"
Ji Luoxue's figure flashed and made a "please" gesture. She had also widened her horizons. She had never seen such a stupid woman. It seemed that she couldn't see Luo Zheng's baleful aura at all. She didn't even bother to explain to Xi Youqin.
At this time, no matter how stupid Xi Youqin was, she understood something. Her face alternated between red and white, which made her look very cute.
After a long time, the baleful aura in Luo Zheng's body settled down again. He finally returned to normal. With a trace of anger on his face, he strode towards Xi Youqin. "Don't you know that what you did just now was very dangerous?"
Just now, he had almost killed Xi Youqin with his sword. Luo Zheng himself was scared.
Xi Youqin's face revealed an aggrieved expression, like a child who had done something wrong. She also knew that it was her fault. She didn't dare to be stubborn in front of Luo Zheng. "I didn't see clearly..."
Seeing Xi Youqin's pale face, Luo Zheng also knew that she had gone through a blood change. A trace of pity appeared in his eyes. After all, she had good intentions. However, in this world, there were too many people who did bad things with good intentions. They even put themselves in danger.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to reprimand her, but he swallowed it back. Instead, he reached out and touched her hair. "Don't be like this next time."
"Oh..." Xi Youqin curled her lips and nodded. Then, a bright smile appeared on her face. She rushed up on tiptoe and hugged Luo Zheng's waist. She gently sniffed Luo Zheng's scent.
Luo Zheng also knew that Xi Youqin's promise was completely unreliable. She didn't have a deep memory of being taught a lesson. In the end, she could only sigh helplessly...
As for Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan, who were not far away, when they saw this scene, the two of them snorted coldly at the same time.
Now, apart from Qing Yu, the other nine people in the top ten of the Illusory Battlefield had all arrived.
However, there was still no movement from the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Xi Youqin couldn't wait for someone to disturb her. She felt that the way Luo Zheng cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was strange. The next day, she also joined in. However, when she made a move, she often couldn't control her strength. Soon, she was driven to the side to watch the show.
Luo Zheng's control of this state was becoming clearer and clearer. He was becoming more and more skillful. It was only a matter of time before he completely became a Dao Child.
At this time, the Demi-Immortal Clan finally sent someone over. It was Old Man Feng who summoned the nine people to discuss matters.

Chapter 1412
Everyone had been stuck here for quite some time.
When they heard Old Man Feng's summons, they realized that they could finally leave this damned place.
Under the guidance of the Demi-Immortal Clan warrior, they met up with Luo Xi Xuan and continued to move forward.
This trip was quite secretive. Luo Zheng and the others also felt that it was strange, as if someone was following them. Luo Xi Xuan led everyone into and out of the space tunnel, repeating this process dozens of times.
Then, they entered a big city and continued to dive into the cellar of a residence. After going through thousands of twists and turns, they finally reached their destination.
In this huge underground cave, there were traces of man-made carvings everywhere. Many Demi-Immortal Clan warriors were shuttling back and forth. They looked very busy, as if something was about to be completed.
At the end of the cave, there were copper pillars that were more than ten feet wide. These copper pillars did not support the ceiling of the cave and did not seem to have the function of bearing weight.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan were already impatient.
"Luo Xi Xuan, what do you want to do by bringing us so deep underground?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng asked.
Luo Xi Xuan turned her head and glanced at Xuanyuan Chenfeng indifferently. "We'll be there soon. You will know soon."
When everyone passed through the copper pillars, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes lit up and he immediately rushed out!
At the end of the copper pillars, there were layers of oval-shaped stairs, and on the stairs stood more than twenty people.
These twenty people were the strongest existences in the universe. These people could almost change the entire universe. These twenty people were all Heavenly Venerables.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was excited because he saw his family's ancestor. "Grandpa!"
Heavenly Venerables were also divided into ranks. The strength of these twenty Heavenly Venerables varied, and their ranks were also different …
The one standing at the highest point was the Patriarch of the Xuanyuan Clan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's father, the leader of Gods Without Thought, Original Sin Heavenly Venerate!
Of course, other than Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue and Lie Qianhan's fathers were also there.
Original Sin Heavenly Venerate just nodded at Xuanyuan Chenfeng indifferently. "Chenfeng is here."
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng saw so many Celestial Venerables standing together, he didn't go over. Instead, he stood with Hua Tianming and the others.
Lie Qianhan and Ji Luoxue also greeted their own Patriarchs. Now that so many Celestial Venerables had gathered here, it looked like this was going to be an extremely important meeting. As juniors, it was naturally better for them to behave themselves. However, with so many Celestial Venerables present and the atmosphere extremely solemn, these ten juniors were still a little nervous.
Among the ten juniors present, perhaps only Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin looked the most indifferent.
After all, Luo Zheng had seen such a scene before. Back when he was besieged, his complexion was not much better. Now, he was indifferent. Moreover, this group of Celestial Venerables should not make things difficult for him. It was just that Xi Youqin's actions made him feel rather helpless.
"This!"
A small golden plate appeared in Xi Youqin's hand. On the plate was a strangely shaped purple fruit. It was a specialty of the Extreme Purple Realm, the Fragrant Caltrop Fruit … She had brought a lot of food from the Extreme Purple Realm this time.
Along the way, Xi Youqin had taken out no less than 40 to 50 different kinds of food from her Sumeru Ring. While they were hurrying along, she had constantly fed Luo Zheng. However, feeding him now was somewhat inappropriate.
Seeing Luo Zheng wave his hand, Xi Youqin didn't seem to care about her question at all. "Is it not tasty?" Therefore, in an instant, she took out a small brocade pouch and fished out a fruit with thorns all over. "This is the Golden Chestnut. It's tastier than the Fragrant Caltrop Fruit. I'll give it to you …"
Luo Zheng was speechless. He could only wave his hand to stop Xi Youqin. Seeing that Xi Youqin didn't have the slightest comprehension and was about to change to another type of food, Luo Zheng could only stop her with a true essence sound transmission …
After Luo Zheng's reminder, Xi Youqin looked around and found that there were many powerful figures staring at her. She stuck out her tongue and hid behind Luo Zheng with an apologetic expression.
Not long after, Old Man Feng's figure also appeared.
The Demi-Immortals were a unique race in the universe, and because they didn't have too many conflicts with other races, they maintained good relations with other races and organizations. Because of that, Patriarch Limitless had gathered all of the races in the universe together, even those who normally wouldn't compromise with each other.
Old Man Feng had his back to the group of juniors. Facing the many Empyreans, he said, "I believe that everyone has already understood this Old Man Feng's prophecy. This prophecy has come true … Ai, this Old Man Feng is also very reluctant!"
"This great calamity has already begun several epochs ago. You can't be blamed for it." Empyrean Original Sin was the first to speak.
"Humph, this is nothing but some foreshadowing that was buried in the ancient sorcerer race. Those dregs that live in the dark side of the world, besides running all over the place, what else can they do? If we join forces, wouldn't it be easy to exterminate them? "The demon race's Empyrean Demondawn loudly said.
Empyrean Demondawn was a guest that the Demi-Immortal race didn't welcome.
The Demi-Immortal race had good relations with most other races, but they didn't like the demon race. They had even had conflicts with the demon race before. However, now that the universe was facing a great examination, the Demi-Immortal race still invited the demon race.
Now, a small crisis had erupted in the universe.
Countless martial artists had already spread the word of this crisis, making it seem extremely strange and evil. But, many Empyreans were well aware that this was the doing of the ancient sorcerer race.
This was an ancient race. They carried a powerful curse on their backs and wandered the dark side of the world.
Because they couldn't appear in the true world, this race was able to escape the great calamity 3.6 billion years ago. But, the powerhouses of the Heavenly Dao didn't take them seriously …
Just like Empyrean Demondawn had said, the most troublesome aspect of the ancient sorcerer race was that they traveled through the dark side of space. Moreover, their influence was sparsely distributed and their life form was completely different from that of humans. If they destroyed one, they would quickly expand in another.
However, if the entire universe joined forces, wanting to clean up the ancient sorcerer race wouldn't be too difficult.
It was nearly impossible for all the races of the universe to join forces. But now that they were facing a similar crisis, they could consider doing so.
"Don't underestimate the ancient sorcerer race." The one who spoke was a beautiful woman.
The Celestial Venerables present had lived for at least tens of millions of years. Most of them looked like middle-aged uncles or old men. Most of them looked like old men. Only this woman looked very young. Her entire body seemed to be made of water. Her figure was hidden in a black robe. It was hard to tell if her figure was good or bad, but it shouldn't be bad.
"After the ancient sorcerer race was cursed, they weren't considered a powerful force. We've always overlooked them. But, there's one thing we can't compare with them," the woman continued.
"What do you mean, Empyrean Oracle?" The Ji Family Ancestor asked.
So this was Empyrean Oracle. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Of the three great human forces, the leader of the Human Alliance was Empyrean Oracle. Who would have thought it would be a woman?
Empyrean Oracle's eyes flashed. "Although they're neither human nor ghost, there's no doubt that they're the race that understands the universe the most. No one in the universe can compare with them, not even the Demi-Immortal race!"
Old Man Feng nodded. "What Empyrean Oracle says is true! Although the ancient sorcerer race has been cursed, they've inherited so many eras. Their understanding of the universe is far greater than ours. If they really want to stir up trouble, it'll be a headache! "
"Even so, it'll be a headache at most. But each and every one of you is like the universe is about to be destroyed!" Empyrean Demondawn coldly said.
Empyrean Original Sin lightly said, "Our opponent isn't just the ancient sorcerer race."
"Then who else is there!?" Empyrean Demondawn was somewhat annoyed. His demon race seemed to be the slowest, as if they didn't know anything …
"It's a god … a True God." Old Man Feng replied.
Hearing Old Man Feng's words, Empyrean Demondawn turned mute.
If a True God wanted to destroy the universe, then they would be in great trouble …

Chapter 1413
From the boundless universe to the entire universe, and then to the Divine Realm, this was an orderly and orderly world.
Generally speaking, there were very few True Divinities that would descend to the Divine Realm; this was not permitted.
There were legends of True Divinities that ascended to the Divine Realm from their own universe, but in the end, those were only legends. Up until now, no True Divinity had ever appeared in the universe.
The True Divinity marks that Luo Zheng saw in the Karma Hall were left behind by True Divinities before they ascended. As for whether or not True Divinities had ever returned to their own universe, Luo Zheng wasn't sure. His understanding of this world wasn't deep enough and he could only learn a thing or two from the debates of these Empyreans.
"Because those True Divinities did not return from the Divine Realm." Old Man Feng continued to say, "They came from another layer of heaven, another universe."
"What?"
Empyrean Demondawn's eyes widened.
Some of the Empyreans already knew of this and had indifferent expressions. But, there were also some Empyreans that were hearing this for the first time and couldn't hide their surprise.
They didn't have a clear enough understanding of the essence of this world, thus they couldn't predict where their future enemies would be.
Old Man Feng reached out a hand and a small dot appeared in the center of the cave.
The moment the dot appeared, it began to expand rapidly. It expanded rapidly and turned into a sphere that was about ten feet in size.
"I don't know the true appearance of the Divine Realm." Old Man Feng said. "Some information is inherited from my blood, but this information isn't complete. I can only tell everyone what I know. As for this sphere in front of you, let's assume that it is the shape of the Divine Realm …"
"The Divine Realm is spherical?" Someone asked.
Old Man Feng shook his head. "It's likely an irregular shape."
That person nodded. Everyone else also listened attentively. Although these Empyreans didn't have the possibility of becoming a True Divinity, they still yearned for the Divine Realm. That was the world of gods.
"In the Divine Realm there are many True Divinities, and there are existences even more formidable than True Divinities …" Old Man Feng continued to say, "They are the same as us. They have a perfect inner world that can circulate within their bodies. Moreover, they have a divine spark!"
As Old Man Feng spoke, his eyes turned towards Luo Zheng and the other youths.
Of these ten people, besides Luo Xixuan who had missed out on a divine spark plate, the other nine all possessed a divine spark plate. Only a divine spark plate could carry a divine spark and become a True Divinity.
"The greatest difference between us and True Divinities is that they possess a divine spark Divinity..................... this so-called True Divinity....................... The power of a True God comes from the power of faith of countless living beings in their inner worlds!
After hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed an expression of sudden enlightenment.
He was no stranger to the power of faith. In truth, the Empyreans present were also no stranger to it. Some races had already perfectly developed the power of faith and were even extremely proficient in using it. For example, the Yao Night Clan's Pond of Faith was an example. By relying on the three kings of the Pond of Faith, a World Lord could kill an Empyrean!
However, it wasn't that easy to gather faith from the universe. Only the Yao Night Clan was able to gather so much faith power through the piety of their clansmen. For example, forces like Deities Without Thought had only been able to use the power of faith they had collected for many years to forge divine weapons.
But the inner world was different. In the inner world, he was the absolute ruler, the absolute god!
True Gods could condense their Godhood in their inner world and spread it out endlessly, creating more living beings of a higher level and collecting more faith.
"In the god domain, besides the numerous true gods, there are even more powerful existences. In theory, the internal worlds of these people aren't in their bodies." Old man Feng continued. He had deciphered this information from his Heavenly Origin Blood, and also understood his mission.
There were only two portions of Heavenly Origin Blood. One belonged to him, and the other should have belonged to Luo Zheng. This was his blood of destiny!
The golden bloodlines of the Demi-Immortals contained different information, regardless of whether it was heavenly origin blood, earthly origin blood, or even human origin blood. However, there was no doubt that the higher the grade of the blood, the more important the information would be.
"The Inner World isn't in the body? Where is it? "asked an Empyrean.
Old man Feng pointed a finger, and small dots of light appeared on the huge sphere. The dots of light changed shape, transforming into tiny people. Before long, there were about seventy to eighty tiny people standing on the sphere.
"These people represent the supreme existences of the god domain. They are far more powerful than true gods. I don't know how many of them there are," explained old man Feng.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, small red balls began to appear around the ball. These small balls were much smaller than the "Divine Domain", and they all surrounded the "Divine Domain".
"The big sphere represents the god domain, and these small spheres represent the universe." Old man Feng continued.
Some of the sharp-eyed Empyreans had already understood. The number of tiny people on the huge sphere was the same as the ones around the god domain. The Empyrean revealed an expression of sudden realization. "Strange old man Feng, you mean to say that our universe is the internal world of some great character?"
"What do you mean?"
"I understand too! This is a real world, but it is also the internal world of some super expert! "
"We are actually part of the internal world of some great character?"
Some of the Empyreans who didn't know the truth were stunned. Their internal worlds were extremely perfect. Not only did they have thunder and lightning, but they also had sunlight, snow, pastures, countless gods, and even half-step World Lords. Countless martial artists formed from true qi worked hard in their internal worlds. They got married and had funerals, challenging themselves. But in the end, they couldn't escape the constraints of their internal worlds. This was because these Empyreans were the law makers of their internal worlds. They were the masters of their internal worlds!
Now, these Empyreans finally understood. This universe was most likely the internal world of some powerhouse!
"A powerhouse that uses the universe as their internal world is an existence even more powerful than a true god. Their influence covers the entire god domain, and they also possess the ability to be undying and indestructible. This is because their life forms are firmly connected to the universe. They are Saints!" Old man Feng continued.
"Saints!"
"We are the life forms of some Saint's internal world?"
"Heavens …"
These Empyreans were far too familiar with their internal worlds. As they heard Old man Feng's words, they found it hard to believe. So they were also formed from a wisp of true essence!
The Realm of the Gods Empyreans, Original Sin Empyrean, Thunder Law, and the others didn't have any change in their complexions. But, from deep within their pupils, a trace of unwillingness could be seen …
They had indeed become the peak existences of this world, but in the end they couldn't escape this circle. According to this logic, even if there was a channel to leave the universe, to leave this massive 'internal world', they would still disintegrate into bits of true essence and dissipate. The possibility of this happening was extremely high. This was a difficult truth to accept, but one that they had no choice but to accept!
For instance, the powerhouses of these Empyreans' internal worlds, no matter what their cultivation was, as long as they left their internal worlds, they would revert back to true essence. This was the restriction brought about by the rules. This sort of erasure was impossible to resist, no matter how strong one was!
In the universe, only a Dao Child had the qualifications to cross the Heavenly Dao and become a True Divinity. This was because the moment they comprehended the divine dao, they possessed this ability.
Thus, being a Dao Child wasn't a type of strength, but a type of qualification!
And now, the one person in the universe who possessed this qualification was standing in front of these Empyreans.
"This is extremely contradictory." An Empyrean continued to say, "Since we belong to the internal world of some Great Saint, how could this Great Saint allow people from other Heavenly Daos to come here?"
Old man Feng nodded, his expression incomparably cautious. "You're right. In normal circumstances, this sort of situation wouldn't occur. I didn't understand it before, but little friend Hua Tianming has found the answer."
As his voice fell, all eyes fell on Hua Tianming.
With so many Empyreans looking at him, even Hua Tianming felt a great pressure. He nodded to everyone and said, "What if that Saint … is already on the verge of death?"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1414
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, the many Empyreans on the stage fell silent for a long time.
To them, the Divine Realm was nothing more than a fantasy world. They knew that only by becoming a True Divinity could they enter the Divine Realm.
But, they didn't know that this universe was actually the inner world of a Saint, and that this Saint was already in a dying state.
If a True Divinity could escape the five declines of the Celestial Being, their lifespan would no longer be limited. Then, who could cause this Saint to die?
Even if they were Empyreans, they still needed time to digest this news.
"Because the Saint is dying, some flaws have appeared in this universe." Hua Tianming paused for a moment and then continued, "I believe that everyone here has seen Softness's methods. She broke through the highest level of the universe's rules and grasped the strength of the tenth level Laws. But, she is not an Empyrean."
Many Empyreans subconsciously nodded.
When Softness fought Luo Zheng, she had indeed displayed this method.
These Empyreans were puzzled. Why was Softness able to accomplish this? Why was she able to grasp the strength of the tenth level Laws?
"The reason is that Softness found this flaw, and this flaw was also discovered by someone from another universe. They are currently trying to find a way to pass through the Good Fortune Wall …" Hua Tianming said.
As he spoke to here, the situation became a bit clearer.
In truth, these Empyreans still had many questions. Who were these invaders? Were they also humans? Or perhaps some other race … if a True Divinity existed, how could they resist?
"Since the other side has a True Divinity helping them, how can we resist?" Empyrean Demondawn sneered.
"Humph, don't you demons always regard dying in battle as glory? The dignified Empyrean Demondawn is afraid now? "An Empyrean taunted.
"You say it so easily. Then, let me ask you, what will we use to resist a True Divinity?" Empyrean Demondawn asked.
Beneath this questioning, everyone remained silent.
Although the universe was vast and there were countless geniuses and even many Empyreans, a True Divinity was still an existence that stood above the rules. They were powerhouses that stood above the Heavenly Dao. It was indeed difficult for them to resist.
"We still have a chance." Hua Tianming blinked his eyes, and a warm smile appeared on his face. He was also puzzled. These Celestial Venerables were, after all, awesome people in the universe. He didn't expect that they would all panic in the face of danger. At this moment, he had to take control of the situation.
Original Sin Heavenly Master, Oracle Heavenly Master, and Old Man Feng looked at Hua Tianming with admiration. Original Sin Heavenly Master was the first to speak. "Yes, we do have a chance. We still have them …"
As he spoke, he pointed at Luo Zheng's group of ten.
"Them? Were they going to rely on these little fellows to fight against a True God? Original sin … Have you become muddle-headed? It's true that they have potential, but forget about the other side's True Gods and Empyreans, any random Sector Lord can pinch these little fellows to death with a single hand! "An Empyrean said.
Old Man Feng, however, shook his head. "We still have time. They can still grow. Furthermore, although that Saint is in a dying state, his inner world will still reject those True Gods. Their powers won't be too strong."
"Yes, time is too important," Oracle Heavenly Master also said.
These nine people, including Luo Xi Xuan, were the most talented Dao Children in the universe. They were the lucky ones that were born from the Heavenly Dao's sense of crisis. And this time, the crisis was a matter of life and death. The Dao Children that were born were exceptionally talented, and the speed of their growth was also quite astonishing!
For some fighters to reach the sector lord level, the time they spent was measured in millions of years.
However, these ten people had completely broken through the speed of their cultivation. Therefore, the "God-level talent" that was once used to measure geniuses was no longer applicable to them! Their cultivation speed was tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of times faster than ordinary martial artists!
In fact, this was not only reflected in Luo Zheng's group, but also in every warrior. The God-level geniuses of the past were no longer considered "geniuses" because there were too many of them …
The speed of the entire universe had increased by a lot. This was also a sense of crisis that erupted from that "Saint" before he died. He sped up the evolution of his inner world and released more resources!
Seeing the worried looks on the faces of the ten Heavenly Masters below, Old Man Feng continued, "Not only do we have time … we also have the help of a True God."
"We also have the help of a True God?"
"A True God that came from this universe?"
"Who is he?"
Old Man Feng smiled faintly. "Everyone underestimates our Demi-Immortal race too much. Our Demi-Immortal race was created by the disciples of the Saint. Our mission in this universe is to maintain it. There are some methods that are not suitable to be revealed to everyone now. I only hope that everyone will not lose confidence and fight together with us!"
The Demi-Immortal race was indeed a rather special race in this universe. In the eyes of other races, the Demi-Immortal race appeared inexplicably and had no interest in expanding their power. On the contrary, they often did strange things …
Old Man Feng's explanation made sense.
Just as he finished speaking, a black crack suddenly appeared in the air in the cave!
"Ka ka ka …"
A piece of space was suddenly torn apart!
The entire space in the cave began to fluctuate. Everyone was fluttering along with the fluctuations in space, their bodies twisting and turning …
From that huge crack, a sharp claw covered in cracks suddenly emerged!
From the moment the space was torn to the moment the sharp claw appeared, the entire process was extremely rushed!
"Retreat!"
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng's body floated and he conveniently pulled Xi Youqin up. The sharp claw also slid past Xi Youqin's feet. If he was slower by a blink of an eye, Xi Youqin would not have been able to escape.
"Ultimate Flash!"
Hua Tianming's feet glowed and he also floated away!
"Pa!"
Luo Xi Xuan was even more straightforward, directly turning into a bolt of lightning and landing on the top of the cave. The top of the cave was scorched black, but she stood upside down like a bat, staring at the sharp claws with a look of fear in her eyes.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luo Xue, and the others all used their own methods …
Only Jiang Zhengyi was unable to dodge in time!
Jiang Zhengyi's forte was not speed. What he excelled in was absolute defense and destructive power.
However, his cultivation was still shallow, and he was caught by the sharp claw!
"Kacha!"
The golden light on Jiang Zhengyi's body shattered. That sharp claw was probably from an extremely powerful beast. Its strength was probably above that of a Sector Lord. Not only did it crush Jiang Zhengyi's protective golden light, but it also crushed his body!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng and the others all sucked in a deep breath of cold air.
Just now, they were all caught in a dangerous atmosphere. It was so heavy that it made it hard for them to breathe, but …
Didn't they say there was still time? How did the opponent kill his way to the Demi-Immortal Tribe's nest in an instant?
"Boom!"
After the sharp claw tore Jiang Zhengyi apart, it did not stop for a moment. It directly slammed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes darkened. The strength in his body surged as he wanted to cross space and escape. However, the sharp claw was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it was in front of Luo Zheng and was about to crush him.
There were more than twenty Celestial Venerables present.
Just now, they did not expect that someone would dare to make a move here. That was why the claw succeeded!
"Evil creature!"
Heavenly Venerate Oracle was the first to react.
He unsheathed his longsword, and a sharp sword light flashed!
"Shua!"
The strength of this sword light was very subtle. After a thin line appeared on the wrist of the claw, the entire claw fell off. The cut was so bright that it could be seen clearly.
"Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, how dare you!" Heavenly Venerate Original Sin's face was filled with anger. He turned around and escaped to the other side of the space!
Old Man Feng laughed coldly. His eyes were filled with rage. Jiang Zhengyi was not as important as Luo Xi Xuan, but he was still one of the ten Dao Children. He did not expect that he would be crushed to death here. Old Man Feng's hands turned into claws and grabbed at the crack, pulling it back!
The wrist that had been cut off by Heavenly Venerate Oracle wanted to retract back into the crack.
An invisible pulling force forcibly pulled the broken wrist and the owner of the broken wrist out from the crack.
"Boom!"

Chapter 1416
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Luo Zheng hadn't told anyone about the nine divine dragons and the Cauldron of Divine Flame.
Old Man Feng had mentioned it once, but Luo Zheng had thought it was more likely to be the Ancestral Dragon. Now, Luo Zheng understood that these people seemed to know him better than he knew himself.
He was a little depressed, but it wasn't a bad thing for him.
Besides, if these celestial masters wanted to harm him, they wouldn't have taken so many detours.
Luo Zheng smiled, but said, "I need to ask for their permission."
Old Man Feng nodded, appearing very patient.
However, before Luo Zheng could ask the Azure Dragon, his voice had already been transmitted over.
"It's time. Big Brother has been asleep for too many years, but I thought we'd have to return to the True Dragon Realm to have a chance …" Qinglong said slowly.
"How did the Demi-Immortal Tribe know of your existence?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Qinglong was silent for a while, then said, "They're pawns set up by the Sage's disciple, and we True Dragons are the Sage's contracted beasts. It's not strange that they know of our existence."
The True Dragons were the Sage's contracted beasts?
Then wasn't the entire True Dragon Realm a giant "Spirit Beast Pouch"?
This was Luo Zheng's own speculation.
Although this speculation was somewhat unreliable, the most unreliable thing had happened. Such a vast universe was only the Sage's inner world, so it was understandable that the True Dragon Realm, as an independent great world, was regarded as a Spirit Beast Pouch.
What kind of creature was this Sage? Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh inwardly.
The more he learned, the stranger this world became. Nothing was like what he saw on the surface.
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Luo Zheng walked toward the crystal coffins.
Old Man Feng was also very cautious. The soul essences in these crystal coffins were all living creatures. There were ferocious beasts, and there were also the soul essences of various divine beasts. They were all hunted by the Demi-Immortals over the years. If they were released, they could easily devour Luo Zheng's soul.
The value of these soul essences was difficult to estimate. Even the leaders of the major factions, such as Oracle and Original Sin, couldn't help but be moved at the sight of so many soul essences. Over the years, the Demi-Immortals had hunted down so many soul essences in the universe that even the three major factions of the human race paled in comparison.
"Relax, I will erase the souls in these soul essences …"
As soon as Old Man Feng's voice fell, he extended two oddly long fingers and lightly flicked one of the crystal coffins open.
The moment the crystal coffin was opened, all kinds of ghostly wails and howls could be heard. A turbulent aura surged out from the coffin and rushed toward Luo Zheng!
If the souls in the soul essences were erased, the soul essences would gradually dry up and turn into soul crystals. Although soul crystals were very beneficial to the soul, their effects were greatly reduced. After these soul essences were captured, they were nurtured by the Demi-Immortals.
The moment the soul essences surged out, Old Man Feng's eyes flashed and a jade ruler suddenly appeared between his eyebrows.
The Pure Glass Jade Ruler was also the Old Patriarch's life treasure.
After the jade ruler appeared, it suddenly swung toward the soul essences!
Every time it swung, it was accompanied by a sharp howl. Even if there was only one soul essence left, these souls were unwilling to be completely erased. However, in the face of the Old Patriarch, these souls had no room to resist!
Under Old Man Feng's control, the erased soul essences turned into a gentle orange light and shot toward Luo Zheng's head. In an instant, they entered Luo Zheng's mind.
Pouring soul essences into the body was originally a method of cultivating the soul.
However, this method of cultivation was too extravagant for many martial artists.
Even a single Empyrean would find it difficult to collect them. This was the accumulation of countless years of the Demi-Immortals' accumulation of soul essences. Just the consumption of these soul essences was enormous.
After the soul essences entered Luo Zheng's body, they turned into a stream of spring water and spread toward the depths of his soul.
"Hua …"
This stream of spring water continued to spread until it finally flowed to the side of the Divine Flame Cauldron!
Qinglong's huge dragon head suddenly let out a strange roar. The "spring water" formed by the soul essences instantly split into nine streams and soaked into the nine true dragons.
These nine true dragons had a great demand for soul essences!
However, the Demi-Immortals were also very well prepared. The soul essences in the first crystal coffin were quickly swallowed up. Old Man Feng then opened the second crystal coffin, then the third, the fourth …
As the soul essences continued to pour in, the nine true dragons circling above the Divine Flame Cauldron began to reveal their colors!
Green, crimson, blue, white, purple, black, yellow …
For a moment, the true dragons on the surface of the Divine Flame Cauldron emitted dazzling colors!
The most dazzling of them all was the golden true dragon in the center!
When the soul essences in the crystal coffins were all poured into Luo Zheng's mind, a faint dragon roar suddenly escaped from his mind!
This dragon roar contained a boundless emotion. It spread out from Luo Zheng's mind and filled the entire cave!
When the many Empyreans heard this dragon roar, their minds were slightly agitated!
Hua Tianming and the others looked at Luo Zheng with shocked expressions. There was a faint trace of fear in their eyes.
This dragon roar came from the five-clawed golden dragon on the Divine Flame Cauldron. That was the most powerful bloodline of the true dragons, and it also had an extremely unique inheritance …
"Roar!"
"Roar!"
"Roar …"
The other eight true dragons roared at the same time.
The nine true dragons had been trapped on the Divine Flame Cauldron for a long time. Under the leadership of their big brother, they wantonly released their emotions!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
The souls of these true dragons peeled off from the Divine Flame Cauldron at this moment. They turned into phantoms and escaped from Luo Zheng's mind!
The true dragons' bodies were incomparably huge. However, they were still bound together on the Divine Flame Cauldron, so only very small figures appeared.
The phantoms of the nine true dragons circled around Luo Zheng's body. They bared their fangs and brandished their claws. Pairs of dragon eyes looked around. These dragon eyes contained all kinds of emotions. Some were confused, some were emotional, some were dignified, and some were cautious …
Although there were only nine true dragon souls, many Empyreans were faintly on guard at this moment. This kind of vigilance came from instinct.
The strongest five-clawed golden dragon coiled around Luo Zheng's neck. A pair of golden dragon claws clasped Luo Zheng's shoulders. The dragon's head leaned forward and its dragon eyes stared at Old Man Feng. "You have the smell of Taibai on you!"
Old Man Feng nodded. "The bloodline in our bodies is Taibai's bloodline!"
"Roar … very good. Taibai's arrangements in the past have finally come into play." The five-clawed golden dragon said.
However, Old Man Feng shook his head. "It's still not enough. Our opponent is far more formidable than we imagined. This battle is only the prologue. Only by winning a step can we take another step forward. But as long as we lose a single step, we will have completely lost."
"We have no other choice." The five-clawed golden dragon lightly said.
"That's right, we have no other choice …" Old Man Feng's expression was indifferent. After experiencing so much, no matter how bitter or difficult it was, they could only brace themselves and continue forwards. As the saying goes, man proposes, and the heavens disposes!
"Hold on …"
At this time, the silent Empyrean Demondawn suddenly spoke up. "It sounds like we were innocently drawn into this crisis. This crisis was caused by your Demi-Immortal Clan! Why should our demon race participate in this? "
As Empyrean Demondawn spoke, the Empyreans of the other races also had deep expressions.
The reason the Demi-Immortal Clan had summoned the leaders of the other races was to deal with the greatest crisis in the universe.
But now, it seemed that this crisis was originally caused by the Demi-Immortal Clan.
What did the troubles of the Demi-Immortal Clan have to do with them?
"Roar!" The five-clawed golden dragon roared. Its golden eyes stared at Empyrean Demondawn as it said, "You also have no other choice! In this universe, all life forms that cannot escape the Heavenly Dao have no other choice. If the universe is destroyed, your final fate will be to disintegrate into a mass of true essence! Think of the fate of all those life forms within your inner worlds, haha … "
If an Empyrean died, their inner world would also collapse. Everything within their inner world would return to being the good fortune of the world.
And these Empyreans were all life forms of the universe. The universe was the inner world of a Saint. If this universe collapsed, they would not be able to cross the Heavenly Dao and escape the shackles of the Heavenly Dao. They would return to being the good fortune of the world and vanish from the world.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1417
When the heavens were destroyed, all things would perish.
If a martial artist died, their inner world would collapse and all living things within would return to dust, dust to dust, dust to dust.
The five-clawed golden dragon's words left all of the Empyreans speechless.
Empyrean Demondawn's complexion also became ugly. "According to what you're saying, we've already boarded this pirate ship?"
Old Man Feng shook his head. "It's not that we're pulling you onto this ship, but that you … were born on this ship to begin with."
That Saint was already on the verge of death. Sooner or later, this universe would collapse.
Then, the final fate of the trillions of lives in this universe would also collapse along with the collapse of the Heavenly Dao.
In truth, strictly speaking, what they collapsed wasn't true essence. This was because after the Heavenly Dao collapsed, the entire universe would collapse. When the 'wall' finally returned to being the energy of chaos.
As for the martial artists of this universe, compared to the Saints of the Divine Realm, they were the first level of life forms. Thus, when a martial artist's inner world collapsed, the life forms of that world would return to being true essence.
The entire scene fell silent.
Hua Tianming, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the other juniors weren't too panicked. They weren't too old so they didn't have too many ties.
However, these Empyreans present were either shouldering the fate of an entire race or the fate of their family.
If the universe collapsed, they would lose even more.
After a long period of silence …
Empyrean Original Sin suddenly said, "My Xuanyuan Family will assist the Demi-Immortal Clan with everything we have."
"My Ji Family will also do the same!" The Ji Family Old Ancestor also said.
"My Lie Family will also do our best!"
"Ji Family …"
Old Man Feng nodded towards the four Empyreans of Gods No Thought.
On the surface, it seemed that Gods No Thought didn't have a close relationship with the Demi-Immortal Clan. But, the truth was that these two great influences had the deepest origins.
That Saint had more than a single disciple!
The Demi-Immortal Clan was created by the Saint's chief disciple, Yu Taibai. As for the four great surnames of Ji, Ji, Xuanyuan, and Lie, they represented the other four great disciples of the Saint!
The inheritances of these four great families also came from these disciples.
Thus, Gods No Thought was able to surpass all the other great influences and rise to their current level. As for the four great families, they had three Dao children that had entered the top 10 rankings.............
The other Celestial Lords fell silent for a moment. Only then did Celestial Lord Oracle say in his pleasant voice, "I represent the Human Alliance. I will do my best in this crisis!"
...........
Because the result was too simple. No matter how strong the opponent was, there was still a chance of survival if they resisted, but if they didn't, it meant death!
After the four Empyreans of Gods Without Thought expressed their stance, the atmosphere also slowly rose.
.............................
............
Not all of the one hundred and two hundred Empyreans were present.
But, the Empyreans present represented 90% of the forces in the universe. Their stance represented the start of an all-out war!
After all the Celestial Venerables had expressed their opinions, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon asked in a boundless voice, "How much time do we have left?"
Old man Feng shook his head. "I'm not sure. We can't predict how long it will take for them to break through the Wall of Sighs. But we shouldn't have much time left."
The five-clawed golden dragon lowered its head. "I want to reconstruct my dragon body."
"Reconstruct a dragon's body …" Hearing this, Old Man Feng revealed a troubled expression.
It was easy to find a body for Xun, but a true dragon's body was a thousand meters long. It was the size of a small city in the sky. Reconstructing a true dragon's body could only be done in the true dragon world.
But the plan to destroy the Saints had been in motion for a long time. The mystery of the nine dragons was related to this problem.
"Using the Heaven's Divination Essence to reconstruct my body. Although it's not as good as my original body, it's enough." The five-clawed golden dragon continued.
"Reconstruct your Heaven's Divination Body?" Old man Feng's expression changed.
"Yes, I need a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence." The five-clawed golden dragon nodded.
The Heaven's Divination Essence was very important to the weapons and magic treasures in the universe. However, it could only be used to improve the quality of weapons. It wasn't very strong …
"It's not that we can't take out the Heaven's Divination Essence." Old man Feng couldn't figure it out. "But the Heaven's Divination Body isn't as good as the puppet body? We have the best puppet masters in the universe in the Demi-Immortal Tribe. If we have enough time, we can create puppet bodies for the nine true dragons! "
"Haha." The five-clawed golden dragon chuckled. "Taibai didn't give you all the information. The Heaven's Divination Essence in the universe can only be used to create sharp weapons with the Primordial Astral Body …"
The five-clawed golden dragon's words confused many of the Heavenly Venerables.
It was troublesome to separate the Heaven's Divination Essence from the weapons and magic treasures, but it wasn't impossible.
However, in their eyes, the Heaven's Divination Essence was only a necessary step in weapon refinement. Now, it seemed that the origin of the Heaven's Divination Essence wasn't that simple.
"After we condense the Heaven's Divination Body, we nine brothers will only help one Luo Zheng. He must go further." The five-clawed golden dragon hadn't said a word to Luo Zheng since it appeared. Now that it suddenly sighed, Luo Zheng was puzzled.
As for what the Heaven's Divination Essence meant, the five-clawed golden dragon didn't explain.
After it finished speaking, the five-clawed golden dragon retreated into Luo Zheng's mind. Then, the other eight true dragons also disappeared in front of everyone …
A hint of depression appeared on Luo Zheng's face, so he asked in his mind, "Hey, what do you mean by going further …"
Qinglong was the first to wake up, so he was familiar with Qinglong. The crimson dragon was second. Qinglong was good-natured. Although the crimson dragon had been silent for a long time, it wasn't difficult to communicate with him. However, the five-clawed golden dragon was very dignified. It seemed to have ignored him from beginning to end.
"What does it mean to help me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The nine true dragons were firmly entrenched on the Divine Flame Cauldron, but no one responded to Luo Zheng.
"Qinglong!" Luo Zheng shouted in his mind.
After a long time, the five-clawed golden dragon on the Divine Flame Cauldron slowly opened its eyes. "You're still in a hurry. There are some things that you shouldn't know earlier."
"You're doing this again! You … all of you do this? "Luo Zheng's face was full of anger.
A faint smile appeared on the five-clawed golden dragon's face. "You should believe that this is for your own good."
"Tell me!" Luo Zheng's attitude was very firm this time. "Otherwise, I'll be the first to choose not to cooperate."
The five-clawed golden dragon sized up Luo Zheng. After confirming that Luo Zheng was very serious, it faintly sighed. That sigh seemed to come from outside of time, and then the voice reverberated in Luo Zheng's mind. "You are the lucky one born in the sea of time, and also an attempt by the two sages. This is an attempt to overturn the Divine Realm. Whether it succeeds or not doesn't depend on your will at this stage, so … at this stage, it doesn't matter whether you cooperate or not."
"Doesn't matter?" Luo Zheng chewed on the five-clawed golden dragon's words, but a smile appeared on his face. This smile contained anger.
The five-clawed golden dragon's words were very clear. He must be a very important part of their plan.
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng wasn't a particularly important part, so his decision couldn't change the overall situation at all.
After the Dream Battlefield, Luo Zheng fell into a state of confusion. Everything he saw had undergone earth-shaking changes, from the beginning of the smoke to the Hua Tianming …
After enduring for so long, Luo Zheng finally exploded.
"Since it's not important, can I do whatever I want to do?" Luo Zheng asked.
The five-clawed golden dragon didn't respond.
"Then, can I choose to give up all this, even my own life?"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a glimmer of brilliance. He wasn't a person who gave up on himself, but now he had lost the basic right to know, and his own values had been greatly subverted.
He didn't want to cooperate with their plan in this state.
Perhaps Luo Zheng's words had an effect. The five-clawed golden dragon's voice once again floated from the depths of his mind. "Don't you want to find your sister?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed an incomparably depressed expression.

Chapter 1418
"You're threatening me!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed fiercely.
However, the Cauldron of Divine Flame was dead silent. No matter how Luo Zheng questioned it, it didn't respond …
Luo Zheng tried to call out to Qinglong, but Qinglong didn't respond either.
"Husband, husband, what's wrong …"
Xi Youqin called out to him, causing Luo Zheng to open his eyes. His face was full of worry.
She naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng was quarreling with the True Dragons in his mind. She only saw that Luo Zheng's eyes were tightly shut and his face was full of anger.
"I'm fine." Luo Zheng took a deep breath and exhaled deeply.
…
At this moment, the True Dragons in his mind were constantly communicating with each other.
"Big Brother, you're being too cruel to Luo Zheng," Qinglong said with some dissatisfaction.
As the first to wake up, Qinglong had been with Luo Zheng for the longest time. However, since his big brother didn't allow him to respond, he had no choice but to do so.
There was only one Five-Clawed Golden Dragon in the Zhenlong Realm. It had the rarest dragon bloodline. It had absolute authority and wisdom. Qinglong wouldn't disobey him for Luo Zheng.
"That's not cruel enough." The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon paused for a moment before responding, "The reality he'll face in the future will be far crueler than this …"
"But after all, we complement each other. We still need to rely on him to return to the Zhenlong Realm," the Sixth Brother said.
The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon smiled faintly, "Compared to returning to the Zhenlong Realm, Luo Zheng's matter is much more important. As long as we can help him go further, even if we can't return, even if all nine of us die here, so what?"
When he said this, the other eight True Dragons also fell silent.
Big Brother was right. Luo Zheng was much more important than them …
In the face of this crisis, the Demi-Immortal Clan had taken many measures.
Not only did they have to borrow the power of the nine dragons, but they also had to awaken the Qilin bloodline of the Xuanyuan Clan. At the same time, they had to reach an agreement with Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword.
The things that these ten Daoists carried were not ordinary. Since they had competed in the universe, they had already shouldered the fate of the universe.
The celestials had formed an alliance, and the first phase of the Demi-Immortal Tribe's plan was to exterminate the ancient Shamans.
However, before these Celestial Venerables could return home, the crisis in the universe suddenly began to erupt.
…
The Green Lotus Domain …
The most beautiful world of the Human Dao Alliance.
There were only two Rank Ten Holy Lands in this world. The Holy Lord of the Green Lotus Holy Land was the Lord of the Green Lotus Holy Land.
Currently, everyone in the universe was in a state of panic. Eight Realm Lords of the Human Dao Alliance had fallen one after another, and Empyrean Cloud Fox was leading people to investigate this matter. He was constantly shuttling through the various great worlds, patrolling …
However, the fallen world lords all had one thing in common, their sacred lands were located at the edge of the Human Dao Alliance's great worlds.
The Green Lotus Holy Land was located slightly to the right of the center of the Human Dao Alliance. Relatively speaking, it could be considered a hinterland. Even if a crisis were to erupt, it would be difficult for it to spread to this place in a short period of time.
However, the entire Human Dao Alliance was in a state of emergency. More people were stationed at the entrances and exits of the spatial passageways.
On this day, in the core area of the Green Lotus Holy Land, Holy Lord Green Lotus was holding a carving knife, casually carving on a mud wall.
Carving was a way for Holy Lord Green Lotus to calm his mind. It allowed him to maintain a very stable state of mind. As the saying goes, cultivation is like cultivating the heart. Although the possibility of advancing further after becoming a Realm Lord was next to nothing, he still hoped to reach a higher level.
As the carving knife was continuously waved, lotus leaves, lotus flowers, lotus seeds, a pond, and swimming fishes gradually appeared on the mud wall. It was a vivid and lifelike painting.
"Dad!"
A handsome young man leapt down from a pavilion on the side.
This young man was Holy Lord Green Lotus' youngest son. Although he was only thirteen years old, his cultivation base had already reached the Divine Core realm.
This young man's talent was monstrous, but Holy Lord Green Lotus couldn't help but sigh. My son was born ten years too late …
With such talent, he must have been blessed by the Battle of the Great Eras. But, he was born ten years too late, so he wasn't able to participate in the Great Era.
"Yulin, did you cultivate too early?"
Holy Lord Green Lotus asked with an indifferent tone, but the carving knife in his hand never stopped moving.
"Yes! Today, I've cultivated the Green Lotus Steps and gained some enlightenment. I think I've mastered the difference between movement and stillness! "The young man replied.
Holy Lord Green Lotus's eyes lit up, but it quickly dimmed down.
When Holy Lord Green Lotus cultivated the Green Lotus Steps to the level of movement and stillness, he was already eight hundred years old. Yulin's talent was no weaker than those geniuses in the universe. What a pity …
"Not bad. My son's talent is rare even in the Human Dao Alliance, let alone the Green Lotus World …"
Just as he was praising his son, a strange expression emerged on his face. He could feel the Green Lotus World trembling.
As the master of the Green Lotus World, Holy Lord Green Lotus had the ability to control a world. He could feel the spatial ripples in the entire world.
The tremors seemed to be caused by an expert tearing apart the space in the Green Lotus World.
He couldn't sense ordinary spatial tears unless a large number of spatial tears appeared in a short period of time to cause such a huge spatial ripple.
"Is there a ferocious beast? That's not right … "Holy Lord Green Lotus was puzzled.
"Father, what's wrong?" The young man had never seen such an expression on his father's face.
Whoosh!
Puff!
Holy Lord Green Lotus casually tossed the gold-embroidered carving knife into the mud wall. "Yulin, father has some urgent matters to attend to. I'll be back soon …"
With that, Holy Lord Green Lotus turned into a streak of light and shot into the sky.
"Father! Father … "
Yulin was puzzled. At the same time, he didn't hesitate and flew after Holy Lord Green Lotus.
His speed was naturally much slower than Saint Lord Green Lotus's, so he lost sight of his father very soon. However, he still followed in the direction his father had fled in.
After flying like this for a long time, he saw that in the distant sky, some black things seemed to have appeared, like bolts of lightning descending from the sky.
When he got closer, he realized that his father and the experts of the Green Lotus Holy Ground were all gathered here. The black lightning was actually a spatial tear that spread from the sky to the ground!
"Such a huge spatial tear?" Yulin was extremely confused. The tear seemed to be tearing the world apart!
Soon, Yulin's expression changed from confusion to fear.
He saw many monsters appearing from the tear. The monsters were as rugged and terrifying as mountain rocks. They looked even more terrifying than ferocious beasts.
Holy Lord Green Lotus's expression was very ugly at the moment.
As the master of the Green Lotus World, he often searched in the space. He would also set foot on the other side of the space when building the space tunnel. The cursed Shadow Clan was no stranger to Holy Lord Green Lotus. He had encountered them once or twice in the past.
However, the Shadow Clan, also known as the Ancient Shaman Clan, was extremely secretive. Even if they were killed, they would bring about a terrifying curse.
Under normal circumstances, no one would casually provoke them. Moreover, the Ancient Shaman Clan could only live in the shadows forever. Once they left the other side of the space, they would suffer a huge backlash. That was the curse of God. Now that the Ancient Shaman Clan had come out in full force from the other side of the world, Holy Lord Green Lotus realized that they were in big trouble this time …
"Shaman Clan, this is the territory of the Human Alliance. Leave at once!" Holy Lord Green Lotus roared.
Huge skulls appeared from the tear. In the skulls' mouths and eye sockets were some strangely shaped creatures.
In addition to the skulls, there were three one-eyed Cilie Beasts. On the backs of the Cilie Beasts sat three Great Shamans of the Shaman Clan …
"Kekeke …" One of the Great Shamans looked at Holy Lord Green Lotus and waved a bone staff in his hand. He gave his order in a voice that made one's teeth ache. "Don't let a single one go …"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Upon hearing his order, all the black figures swarmed towards Holy Lord Green Lotus like a swarm of locusts!
"How dare you!"
Holy Lord Green Lotus stretched out his hand and unsheathed his Green Lotus Sword. All the mighty warriors from the Green Lotus Sacred Land also attacked at the same time …
At this moment, the entire sky was filled with sword energies, and all sorts of dazzling lights.
"There's a kid here! Kekeke … "
A black figure noticed the Divine Core warrior, Yu Lin, amidst the chaos.
Yu Lin was a smart kid. When he was discovered, he immediately stepped onto a green lotus and turned into a green beam, trying to escape with a strange footwork. If he stayed here, he would only be a burden to his father.
But, Yu Lin was still too young. He was only 13 years old, and his cultivation was only at the Divine Core realm. Although his footwork was strange, in just a few steps, his body was pierced through by a black bone spear. He didn't even have the chance to let out a miserable shriek!
Holy Lord Green Lotus didn't notice his son at first, but Yu Lin was connected to him by a Natal Lock. When Yu Lin was pierced through by the bone spear, the Natal Lock sensed it, and he immediately turned his head around. When he saw the miserable state his eldest son was in, he was instantly enraged!
"Lin 'er!"
"Kekeke … don't be sad, the entire Green Lotus Realm will be wiped out soon. You can die as well!"
The three Great Shamans attacked from all directions!

Chapter 1419
Sacred Lord Green Lotus realized that he was powerless against the enemies that suddenly appeared in front of him.
The only thing he could do now was to spread the news that Sacred Lord Green Lotus was attacked.
Sacred Lord Green Lotus thought that the Great Shamans would try their best to stop him. Unexpectedly, the three Great Shamans sneered and did not stop Sacred Lord Green Lotus from activating the Roaring Token.
The moment Sacred Lord Green Lotus activated the token, several voices sounded in his ears.
"Vast Cloud Realm … Help … Those damn things are from the Ancient Shaman Tribe! Ah … "
"Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox, the Heaven Mixing Realm is being invaded!"
"I'll kill you!"
The Vast Cloud Realm was not a realm of the Human Dao Alliance, but one of the Deities Without Thoughts.
The Heaven Mixing Realm was not far from the Green Lotus Realm …
The Ancient Shaman Tribe had been planning for a long time, so they came prepared this time.
A hint of despair appeared on Sacred Lord Green Lotus's face, and the longsword in his hand could not help but tremble. However, very soon, a determined look appeared on his face. He glanced at his brothers who were fighting against the Ancient Sorcerers, then threw away the roar token and charged forward without hesitation!
At this moment, cries for help sounded in the universe. At the same time, the Ancient Shaman Tribe invaded the realms of all the major forces!
The Great Shamans of the Ancient Shaman Tribe had the cultivation of a Realm Lord.
In the past, the Ancient Shaman Tribe was not big, so there would not be many Great Shamans. However, the number of Great Shamans that appeared now was beyond the imagination of all the major forces.
All the forces reacted quickly, but because there were too many realms that were invaded, even Great Realm Lords and Celestial Venerables could not turn the situation around …
The Jade Pure Realm, which was connected to the Green Lotus Realm, was also invaded by the Ancient Shaman Tribe at the same time …
Compared to the Green Lotus Holy Ground, the Jade Pure World was much more powerful. There were four Sector Lords in the Jade Pure Holy Ground alone, and there were three Tenth Grade Holy Grounds in the Jade Pure World. However, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe they encountered was much more powerful!
"All disciples of the Jade Pure Realm, evacuate!"
The higher-ups of the Sacred Ground had no time to organize a retreat. Black lightning kept exploding in the sky, and the huge crack seemed to swallow the entire Sacred Ground.
The Jade Pure Sacred Lord was indeed very powerful. He was considered a peak existence among the Realm Lords, second only to the Great Realm Lords in the Alliance.
However, it was very difficult for him to face with the attacks of several Great Shamans.
"You, come with me!"
Under the lead of the Ninth Palace Master, Ning Yudie followed closely behind, all kinds of shouts and cries for help ringing in her ears, causing her to feel uneasy.
"How could this be …" Ning Yudie pursed her lips and asked.
Realm Immortal Immortal Realm's Immortal's World Dream.....
The Illusory Battlefield had just closed, and there would be at least a few decades, or even a few centuries of buffer time before the crisis would descend. Only a month and a half had passed, so how could it be so fast? Immortal Immortal................... s Of the Immortal World................ of the Shaman.
He did not know that the true danger of the Ancient Shaman Tribe, who had been a guide, was far greater than this.
....................... To be...
........... He won't die so easily. As the Ninth Palace Lord was speaking, a black lightning bolt fell from the sky. "Boom!" ... A huge pit appeared in front of them. More than half of a skull was buried in the pit. From the huge skull, a few figures that looked like strange rocks climbed out!
"Die!"
The Ninth Palace Lord stretched out her hand and a strange vibration spread out.
That was a high-level technique of the Space Law. In the same space, two types of energy vibrated together, causing terrifying damage!
"Pa pa …"
The black figures quickly exploded and turned into black powder that scattered on the ground.
However, the black powder instantly danced and turned into a few fist-sized skulls that bit towards the Ninth Palace Lord!
The Ninth Palace Lord slapped out again. Although the vibration was powerful, it couldn't hurt the small skulls at all!
The small skulls rushed up and bit the Ninth Palace Lord's back. Their white teeth constantly gnawed at the Ninth Palace Lord's Protective True Yuan. This was the curse of the Ancient Shaman Race!
"Let's go!"
The Ninth Palace Lord had no time to care about anything else. The Sacred Lord had ordered him to protect Ning Yudie, so he had to bring her to a safe place.
The two shuttled through the Sacred Land and finally entered an underground palace. Along with them were the core disciples of the Jade Pure Sacred Land.
This underground palace was a refuge built by the Jade Pure Sacred Land in order to deal with unexpected situations.
At this moment, thousands of core disciples had already poured into the palace!
Beautiful divine runes appeared one after another, forming a beautiful cross above the palace. This place had the largest divine rune array in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
"Boom, boom …"
Accompanied by a few black lightning bolts, more than a dozen giant skulls suddenly smashed down. Countless black figures rushed towards the underground palace.
At this moment, two slender energy tentacles extended from the divine rune array!
These two energy tentacles waved around like two whips. The power was extremely terrifying. With a casual sweep, they killed hundreds of Ancient Shamans. However, after these Shamans died, they immediately turned into a curse. Small skulls flew up and gnawed at the divine rune array!
These small skulls were very special. Back then, Luo Zheng had encountered them in the Illusory War. He had tried everything to get rid of them, but he couldn't. In the end, after entering the second stage, the pile of small skulls disappeared on their own.
Although the two slender energy tentacles were extremely powerful and constantly sent the small skulls flying, they flew back in an instant and continued to gnaw at the divine rune array.
In the underground palace …
The faces of the core disciples turned deathly pale.
Most of these disciples had participated in the Illusory War before, but this was not the Illusory War. If they couldn't escape today, they would really die.
The Ninth Palace Lord leaned against a huge pillar. The small skulls behind him were still gnawing at his Protective True Yuan.
"Are you okay?" Ning Yudie looked at the Ninth Palace Lord's back.
The Ninth Palace Lord shook his head. "Pa!" He pinched open a Zhen Yuanyu and began to absorb the True Yuan within.
Under the crazy gnawing of the small skulls, the Ninth Palace Lord's Protective True Yuan was quickly consumed. After breaking through the Protective True Yuan, the small skulls began to gnaw on his flesh!
Even with the replenishment of the Zhen Yuanyu, it couldn't make up for the consumption of the small skulls.
Soon, blood spurted out from the Ninth Palace Lord's back. The small skulls had bitten open Ninth Palace Lord's back.
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie's brows furrowed. Cold air shot out from her hand and condensed a thick layer of ice on the surface of the small skulls, completely freezing them. However, the ice didn't last more than a breath of time.
"Kacha …"
Cracks quickly appeared on the thick layer of ice. Soon, the small skulls completely devoured it and continued to gnaw at the Ninth Palace Lord's body.
However, the Ninth Palace Lord's Protective True Yuan had recovered by 30%. He could hold on for a while …
"Ahhh! Ahhh! "
At this moment, not too far away, a martial artist let out a pitiful scream. A martial artist tumbled around and fell into a pool of blood.
Ning Yudie raised her head and looked over. This cultivator was also an Extreme Divine Realm cultivator, but there were two small skulls constantly gnawing at his back. His body was a bloody mess, and his blood was splattered all over the ground. It was a ghastly sight!
The Ninth Palace Lord was a Divine Transformation Realm martial artist, yet he was unable to resist these small skulls. There was no need to even mention the Divine Realm martial artist. Not every martial artist had a body as abnormal as Luo Zheng's, allowing these small skulls to gnaw on his body.
In the blink of an eye, the martial artist's entire back had been bitten open. The smell of blood filled the underground palace …
"Get out of my way!"
A nearby martial artist couldn't bear to watch any longer and smashed the two small skulls away. However, after circling around in the air, the small skulls still persevered and turned around, once again gnawing at the Divine Realm martial artist's back!
This sort of situation could be seen everywhere in the underground palace. In the battle just now, many martial artists had tried to kill members of the Ancient Sorcerer Race. However, no one thought that killing a member of the Sorcerer Race would have such serious consequences. If this continued, they would be gnawed to pieces by these small skulls!
"What should we do …"
Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of panic. She almost reflexively thought of Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1420
When they were in the Lower Realm, Ning Yudie rarely thought of relying on Luo Zheng.
However, not long after she ascended to the Upper Realm, she had seen the various experts in the universe and the cruelty of danger. At this moment, she had a strong sense of dependence on Luo Zheng.
This strange world was more cruel than she had imagined.
Shrill screams kept ringing in her ears.
A few cultivators had already been mostly devoured by the little skulls and were lying motionless on the ground. However, the little skulls still did not stop. They would only stop after they had completely devoured their targets …
In addition, the universe was filled with the cries of various realm lords for help. Some Heavenly Venerables also ordered their subordinates to gather.
Some Heavenly Venerables had already begun to move towards some Great Realms, but they did not mention the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
"Is this the end of the world?!" someone roared in despair.
"No … I believe that the experts of the Alliance will help!"
"Everyone, just hang in there!"
"It's so painful. Who can help me get rid of these damn skulls!"
About twenty percent of the cultivators in the underground palace were cursed and were mercilessly devoured by the little skulls.
The little skeleton couldn't destroy it, nor could it stop it. Everyone was at their wits' end and could only watch as their comrades were devoured bit by bit.
"After these little skulls devoured them, will they come and devour us?"
Someone asked amidst the chaos.
The originally chaotic underground palace suddenly quieted down …
Many people did not think of this. Although others were being devoured and bitten by the little skulls, they were the ones in pain. Although it was painful to watch, everyone still felt that this underground palace was safe and was their most important layer of protection.
However, if the little skulls continued to attack others, then this underground palace would be a dangerous place!
Ning Yudie's face was also pale. She did not want to become a bloody mess of minced meat.
"Ninth Palace Master … Do you have a roar token?" Ning Yudie asked.
Ninth Palace Master was stunned. She instantly understood Ning Yudie's intention. She wanted to summon Luo Zheng.
This was indeed a feasible method. With Luo Zheng's current status, he must be surrounded by experts. If they could summon Luo Zheng, saving the Jade Pure Sacred Land would be a priority.
But Ninth Palace Master shook her head, "The Roaring Token is so rare, how can I have such a treasure? Only the Holy Master has one or two … "
Hearing this, Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of sadness.
As the two of them were talking, one of the martial artists was finally bitten clean by the little skeleton, leaving behind only a pool of blood. The little skeleton's lower jaw knocked against the upper jaw, producing a 'da da da' sound as it flew towards the other martial artist!
"Ah!"
Accompanied by a shrill scream, the worries of some cultivators had become reality.
If they didn't leave this place, then this place would be their burial ground. It was only a matter of time before those little skulls killed everyone!
"Get out of here!"
"Go!"
"Let's dig through the ground …"
Of the martial artists present, there were Divine Sea, Divine Extreme, and Divine Transformation martial artists. They might not be able to directly confront these Great Shamans, but escaping through the ground was a feasible path. Only, this path was far more dangerous!
"I'll do it!"
Ninth Palace Master's mission was to protect Ning Yudie, but here he was, after all, an Elder of the Holy Land. At this time, he had to take the lead!
A light blue spiral suddenly appeared in front of Ninth Palace Master. This spiral continued to spin at high speeds, rushing towards a corner of the underground palace. The moment it passed, the walls of the palace were shattered by the strange power of space, leaving behind a hole that was as tall as a person.
"Follow me," Ninth Palace Master said as she took the lead and rushed into the hole.
Ning Yudie looked at Ninth Palace Master's bloody shoulder and grit her teeth as she followed.
Ever since she ascended, her luck had never been good. But now, Ning Yudie had no other choice. She could only take things one step at a time.
Ninth Palace Master endured the bites of the skulls and continued to open a path in front. The core disciples of the Jade Pure Holy Land followed closely behind.
After shuttling through the ground for an unknown period of time, Ninth Palace Master began to move upwards. Finally, she broke through the surface. After looking around, she chose a direction …
"To the great world passageway!"
"Through the great world passageway, where are we going?" someone asked.
Ninth Palace Master heard this and suddenly stopped. Indeed … in this situation, it seemed that nowhere was safe. The Green Lotus Holy Land beside them seemed to have been invaded by the Ancient Shamans. Where could they escape to?
Black lightning constantly appeared in the sky. It seemed that the Ancient Shamans wanted to occupy the entire Jade Pure Holy Land? But that was impossible. The Ancient Shamans did not have the strength to occupy it permanently. They did not have the strength to fight against the Celestial Venerables. Moreover, the Human Dao Alliance had tens of thousands of World Lords. Even if they joined forces, the Shamans would not be able to resist.
When the Celestial Venerables descended, their only choice was to escape. The Ancient Shamans did not have the strength to fight against all the races in the universe.
Now, it was only because the Ancient Shamans suddenly attacked that they were caught off guard that they were in such a sorry state.
Now was not the time to think about this. The key was that they had to hold on.
"We can go to a place," Ning Yudie, who was following closely behind Ninth Palace Master, suddenly said.
Ninth Palace Master turned around and glanced at Ning Yudie. He did not expect Ning Yudie to have any good suggestions. In his opinion, Ning Yudie only had a special identity. However, she had just ascended to the upper realm and did not know anything about it. How could she give any good suggestions?
Ning Yudie did not notice Ninth Palace Master's attitude. She continued, "The lower realm. Let's go back to the lower realm."
"That's right! Now that the universe is in chaos, the lower realm is probably the only place to go! "
"Let's go through the ascension passageway!"
"That's a good suggestion!"
Almost all of these cultivators came from the universe. They looked down on the lower realm. Even in such a crisis, they could not make such a decision.
However, Ning Yudie was an ascender after all. Now that they were in such a huge crisis, her first reaction was to return to the lower realm.
"But … if we return to the lower realm, we might be rejected by the Greater Thousand Worlds," Ning Yudie added.
"That's not a problem." Ninth Palace Master nodded. "This plan is feasible. Everyone, follow me …"
Avoiding the rejection force of the Greater Thousand Worlds was not difficult for cultivators from the upper realm. For example, the Moon Concealing Stone and the Fallen Feather could allow cultivators above the Divine Ocean Realm to enter the lower realm.
After making this decision, Ninth Palace Master immediately led everyone into the passageway and rushed towards the Ascension Well in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
Among the Demi-Immortals …
Heavenly Venerable Oracle was the first to leave. Among the cries for help, it seemed that the Human Alliance had the most Realm Lords. This meant that the Human Alliance was in greater danger. She had to rush back as soon as possible.
Then, the other Celestial Venerables also chose to leave.
Not long after, only nine Daoists were left standing in the cave. Jiang Zhengyi's body had been taken away. It was unknown whether he was dead or alive …
"I didn't expect the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe to be so fierce. They actually attacked first." Xuanyuan Chenfeng frowned. Just now, he had also heard cries for help from the Gods No Thought. Among them were the Great Worlds controlled by the Xuanyuan Family.
Lie Qianhan snorted coldly. "The Patriarch and the others should be able to resolve this. The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe is no match for the Heavenly Venerables. Those Great Sorcerers are only Realm Lords."
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong?" Xi Youqin saw that Luo Zheng's expression was not right.
A worried look appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
He was worried about Ning Yudie.
Through the memories of the Greater Thousand Worlds, he knew that Ning Yudie was no longer in the Greater Thousand Worlds. The only possibility was that she had ascended.
So where was Ning Yudie now?
With Ning Yudie's cultivation, it was difficult for her to obtain a Roaring Token. Was she safe now?
"Okay, now it's time to arrange where you will go …"
The ten Daoists had to grow quickly. They were very talented and their strength could not be underestimated. The biggest problem was that they would be targeted by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe and the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. However, after changing their blood, they could escape from the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe's sight.
"Where are we going?" Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao asked curiously. He thought that he would stay in the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
Unexpectedly, before Old Man Feng could announce it, Luo Zheng had already taken out a Roaring Token. Then, his voice spread throughout the universe …
"Ning Yudie, where are you?"
Luo Zheng regretted that he had not gone to find Ning Yudie earlier.
After ascending, Luo Zheng saw that the universe was peaceful and peaceful. Who knew that the moment the Illusory Battlefield ended, the entire universe would be so chaotic!

Chapter 1421
Luo Zheng's voice spread out and reached Ning Yudie's ears.
Ninth Palace Lord was leading Ning Yudie through the great realm passageway. Ninth Palace Lord and the cultivators of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground heard his voice as well.
"It's Luo Zheng …"
Ning Yudie was excited to hear her husband's voice in the midst of danger.
"Sigh, let's continue on our way …" Ninth Palace Lord sighed. They had no way of communicating with Luo Zheng.
If they'd expected this, the Holy Lord would've given her a Howling Token. Although the token was precious, it could still attract reinforcements …
This time, only Heavenly Venerate Oracle from the Human Alliance had gone to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Heavenly Venerate Cloudfox, Heavenly Venerate Mirage Sea, and the other experts of the Human Alliance had stayed behind to guard the Alliance.
However, the Ancient Witch Tribe was setting fires everywhere. The Jade Pure Sacred Ground alone wouldn't be able to take care of them all.
Now, they could only follow their plan and think of a way to descend into the lower realms.
… …
Luo Zheng waited for a long time, but there was still no response from Ning Yudie. He frowned.
"Brother Luo Zheng, has the Temple Lord ascended as well?" Hua Tianming asked. He'd ascended before Ning Yudie, so he naturally didn't know what had happened in the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, I'm sure …"
"The Temple Lord is blessed by the heavens. Besides, the Ancient Witch Tribe doesn't have the strength to challenge the Human Alliance. She … should be fine." Hua Tianming didn't know how Luo Zheng was so sure, but he still comforted him.
"Yes, Sister Die will be fine!" Xi Youqin also comforted him. Seeing how worried Luo Zheng was, Xi Youqin didn't dare say anything else.
The others also understood that Ning Yudie was an extremely important person to Luo Zheng.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng looked at Old Man Feng. "I'm going to look for someone."
Luo Zheng heard that Old Man Feng was going to make some arrangements for them, but he was not in the mood to participate.
"Are you looking for that girl called Ning Yudie?" Old Man Feng could tell that Luo Zheng was truly worried.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Sorry, she's my wife."
Hearing Luo Zheng call Ning Yudie "my wife," Xi Youqin couldn't help but feel sour in her heart. Although she often acted like a spoiled child in front of her husband, in the end, they never went through the wedding ceremony …
"Are there any unique characteristics?" Old Man Feng asked again.
The Celestial Venerables of the universe all possessed powerful divination abilities.
However, the power of this kind of calculation was not limitless.
For example, there were only 108 Crowns of Heaven's Will. When one Crown of Heaven's Will appeared in the universe, that Crown of Heaven's Will would be unique. The probability of that being the case was almost infinite. This was why Luo Zheng had attracted so many Celestial Lords when he touched the Crown of Heaven's Will.
If the Celestial Venerables were to calculate any martial artist without any unique characteristics, the probability of that martial artist being the case was almost infinitely small …
After all, there were too many living beings in the universe, and the scope was too wide.
Since Old Man Feng was willing to help, a glimmer of hope naturally ignited in Luo Zheng's heart.
"She's an ascender, and she should have ascended not too long ago …" Before Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Battlefield, he had checked his memories. At that time, Ning Yudie was still in the Vast Thousand Domains. After he came out, Ning Yudie disappeared. She must have ascended.
Luo Zheng only gave these two characteristics. Ascender, and ascended not too long ago. Old Man Feng frowned. This was a bit difficult. If there were no obvious or unique characteristics, it would be very difficult for him to calculate. It was simply like looking for a needle in a haystack.
"Let me read your soul …" Luo Xi Xuan, who was beside Hua Tianming, said.
"Read your soul?" Luo Zheng was taken aback.
Ordinary soul searching techniques would cause irreversible damage to the soul. In fact, Luo Zheng had thought of letting Old Man Feng directly search his soul. Even if his soul was damaged, he wanted Old Man Feng to find Ning Yudie's location.
However, Luo Zheng did not know about the Soul Reading Technique.
There were some people in the universe who had the ability to read souls. For example, the Holy Master of the Jade Pure Holy Land could verify the truth of Ning Yudie's words without harming Ning Yudie.
Luo Xi Xuan also had this ability, and her ability was one level higher than that of the Holy Master.
After hearing Luo Xi Xuan's explanation, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest intention of refusing.
Perhaps he always had some secrets that he did not want others to know, but at this moment, Luo Zheng had no time to care about them.
Luo Xi Xuan walked in front of Luo Zheng and stared at Luo Zheng with her delicate eyes. The little and ring fingers of her left and right hands were curled up while the thumb, index finger, and middle finger were stretched out and pressed on Luo Zheng's temples, saying at the same time, "Try your best to imagine that … Ning Yudie's appearance."
Luo Zheng immediately closed his eyes and began to try to recall Ning Yudie.
Soon, Luo Xi Xuan also closed her eyes. Not long after, a small bolt of lightning shot out from her hand and circled around Luo Zheng's head.
Under the power of this lightning, it rose from the top of Luo Zheng's head.
Compared to some people's Soul Reading Techniques, Luo Xi Xuan was able to go a step further and use lightning to draw out the memories she had read.
However, this technique was only a natural extension; after all, cultivators had their own Visualization Techniques, so as long as they visualized, they could use their True Qi to perfectly replicate their own fantasies. For cultivators of their level, this was not a particularly difficult task.
Gradually, Ning Yudie's exquisite figure appeared and floated above Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Xi Xuan, who still had her eyes closed, said, "Patriarch, please calculate as soon as possible …"
Old Man Feng stared at Ning Yudie's appearance and nodded, fingernail-sized multi-coloured beads constantly appearing on his old fingers.
These beads were colourful, like stars floating in the sky.
Everyone's divination techniques were different; there were Purple Star Divinations, Xiantian Eight Trigrams, Heavenly Stems and Earthly Branches, but Old Man Feng's divination technique was rather unique, it was the "Fantasy Star Divination" technique …
Ning Yudie was originally an Ascender, and she was also a female Ascender. In addition, Luo Zheng was certain that Ning Yudie had not ascended for long.
Just these characteristics alone narrowed the range of possibilities to a relatively small one. At this moment, after Old Man Feng saw Ning Yudie's appearance, he was certain that Ning Yudie was one of a kind. This divination was indeed extremely fast.
Soon, a strange expression appeared on Old Man Feng's face.
"How is it?" Luo Zheng opened his eyes and asked anxiously when he saw Old Man Feng's expression.
"This woman has indeed encountered some trouble. It seems that the Ancient Sorcerer Race has invaded her Great World," Old Man Feng replied.
"Which Great World? Is she injured? "Luo Zheng wanted nothing more than to fly away immediately.
"The Human Alliance, Jade Pure Holy Land, but …" Old Man Feng thought for a moment, "It seems that she is about to descend to the Lower Realm. This move should be to seek refuge."
Luo Zheng was about to leave this place and use the Teleportation Token to teleport away, but Old Man Feng unexpectedly added another sentence.
"Hide in the Vast Thousand Domains?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Hua Tianming revealed a look of certainty, "That's a good idea!"
Luo Zheng was slightly relieved.
No matter what, Luo Xi Xuan and Old Man Feng were willing to help him, it was a comfort to him.
Although Luo Zheng was already quite dissatisfied with the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the Demi-Immortal Tribe had no intention of harming Luo Zheng. They were just trying their best to hide too many things.
"Something's not right. It seems that something has chased them into the Ascension Passage," the multicolored balls in Old Man Feng's hand began to revolve continuously, a look of confusion on his face, "Why would the Ancient Sorcerer Race chase after these people …"
Luo Zheng immediately became nervous again. He stared at Old Man Feng and asked, "Can you calculate which Vast Thousand Domains they are heading to?"
Luo Zheng had used the Teleportation Token to see the whole picture and knew that the Ascension Passage of each Great World was connected to many Vast Thousand Domains below. Luo Zheng needed to determine their location before he could set off.
Old Man Feng nodded and continued to calculate. Only then did he know that Ning Yudie should have returned to the Vast Thousand Domains she ascended to.
However, it would still take ten days to "descend" into the Ascension Passage.
Luo Zheng could not wait for even a moment. He had the memories of the Vast Thousand Domains. As long as Ning Yudie returned, he would immediately know. At this moment, Luo Zheng only wanted to rush to the Vast Thousand Domains and wait for Ning Yudie to descend …
Originally, the Ascension Passage was the only way to descend into the Vast Thousand Domains.
Since Ning Yudie was still in danger, Luo Zheng would not accept any of Old Man Feng's arrangements at this stage. He wanted to activate the Teleportation Token and directly teleport to the Vast Thousand Domains.
"Brother Luo Zheng, I'll go with you," Hua Tianming followed.
Xi Youqin naturally would not be left behind. In the end, Luo Xi Xuan also wanted to follow. Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao also expressed that she wanted to go to the Lower Domain to take a look. Ji Luoxue also followed at the same time.
Finally, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan followed. Although the two of them looked reluctant, they were unwilling to fall behind.
"You all …"
What Old Man Feng wanted to announce was extremely important to the future of the ten Daoists. He had also paid a considerable price in order to obtain this opportunity.
However, before he could say a single word, Luo Zheng used the Roar Token to stir things up. This group of people actually wanted to follow Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1422
These little fellows were still too young. Although they were aware of their destiny, they did not take it to heart.
For a moment, he wondered if he had been too kind ….
Their elders had already entrusted these little fellows to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. At this moment, he wanted to teach them a lesson and let them understand their situation.
However, before he could speak, an ethereal voice entered his mind.
"Let them be. It's also a trial for them."
When Old Man Feng heard this voice, his expression changed slightly. "You … woke up in advance?"
"The plan to send these little fellows to the Land of Divine Refinement can be pushed back a little. The opponent won't be able to break through the Wall of Sighs so quickly. At this stage, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe is only awakening the troubles that have been buried underground for hundreds of millions of years. You should be able to deal with them. However, you have to be careful of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan. I can't predict if they'll stand on our side," the voice said calmly.
Old Man Feng nodded. This person was the Demi-Immortal Tribe's greatest backup. Since this person had said so, Old Man Feng could only listen.
There was a certain risk in letting Luo Zheng and the others return to the Lower Realm. However, the Demi-Immortal Tribe could arrange for people to protect them secretly. It would only take some time.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to use the Teleportation Token to return to the Greater World directly. At most, he would bring Mu Mingxue with him.
However, just as he was about to bring Mu Mingxue with him, Hua Tianming and Xi Youqin followed him. Soon after, the other Daoists followed them …
"You can use the Ascension Passage to return to the Lower Realm, but you have to bring the Moonconcealing Stone," Luo Xi Xuan reminded him. She saw that Luo Zheng did not seem to know how to return to the Lower Realm.
"Moonconcealing Stone? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
When Ji Luoxue heard this, he smiled faintly. "The Moonconcealing Stone can prevent you from being rejected by the Greater World. It's a necessary item to enter the Lower Realm."
"I see."
Luo Zheng nodded. Back then, he was a little curious as to why the Upper Realm Ultimate Gods could enter the Greater World.
Several hours later.
Above the ocean of the Great Thousand World, a bright white bolt of lightning streaked across the sky. Intense spatial power spread out, forming a powerful spatial storm.
There were originally several powerful water monsters hovering above the sea, but when they sensed the aura of the spatial storm, these water monsters fled in all directions and hid in the depths of the sea …
Luo Zheng was the first to leave the spatial storm, followed by Mu Mingxue, Hua Tianming, Luo Xi Xuan, Ji Luoxue, and the other Dao Children.
Finally, it was Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan.
At first, the two of them did not plan to follow him. However, they had accompanied Ji Luoxue when they saw that the other Dao Disciples were moving together with Luo Zheng.
At this moment, when these Dao Children saw the surrounding scenery, their faces were filled with shock. The reason for their shock was because of Luo Zheng's Teleportation Token.
According to Luo Xi Xuan's idea, to sneak into the Lower Realm, one would need to travel in the reverse direction of the Ascension Passage for at least half a month. She had never thought that Luo Zheng would have such a miraculous item. The Teleportation Token seemed to allow one to escape to any place in the universe. This was countless times more convenient than the Great Teleportation Technique used by Heavenly Venerables. This item was too miraculous in the entire universe. For a moment, they could not accept it.
Luo Zheng did not want to expose this Teleportation Token, but now that he had to rescue Ning Yudie, he could not care less.
The moment Luo Zheng left the spatial storm, a strong repulsive force was transmitted to him. However, the Moon-Concealing Stone in his hand suddenly flashed with a faint light and entered Luo Zheng's body, helping him to avoid this repulsive force.
"I'm finally back." A sharp light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. After leaving for so many years, this was the first time Luo Zheng had returned to his homeland. He could not help but feel a little emotional.
He had never thought that his first return would be to rescue Ning Yudie …
Luo Zheng looked around. All around him was a boundless horizon. They had descended into the depths of the ocean.
The moment he entered the Vast Thousand Realms, he had already established some kind of connection with this world. This was the embodiment of the Dimensional Will. This gave Luo Zheng a strange sense of security. In this dimension, Luo Zheng could transfer all the injuries he suffered to the Vast Thousand Realms. Unless the Vast Thousand Realms were destroyed, he was an immortal existence.
Ning Yudie had not yet passed through the Ascension Passage. Diving down from the Ascension Passage was a relatively slow process.
Back then, Luo Zheng had also spent half a month to ascend. Luo Zheng was now guarding this Vast Thousand Realms in advance, waiting for Ning Yudie and the others to descend … This time, the universe would be in great danger. Luo Zheng had already made his own plans. Before the crisis descended, he would settle his close relatives in the Immortal Mansion. Only there would be absolute safety.
After this investigation, Luo Zheng had already determined his position. He was located in the west of the entire Vast Thousand Realms. If he continued to head west, he would encounter the plane wall of the Vast Thousand Realms. Directly east was the continent of the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng did not know where Ning Yudie would descend in this Vast Thousand Realms. At this time, he could only settle down first. Through the Will in his mind, he could monitor the entire dimension at any time and wait for Ning Yudie to appear …
"This way." After Luo Zheng determined the direction, he flew toward the east.
The group of Daoists also followed closely behind …
"The vital essence here seems to be too mild." Ji Luoxue observed the surrounding environment as he flew.
"Hehe, it's not just mild … This vital essence is pitifully thin," Lie Qianhan said indifferently.
Although the vital essence in the Upper Realm was extremely violent, it was also much denser than in the Lower Realm. These Daoists were entering the Lower Realm for the first time, and they were indeed not used to it.
Fortunately, they had sufficient Zhen Yuanyu with them. It did not seem important whether the vital essence here was sufficient or not.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression was somewhat gloomy. He had followed Lie Qianhan because he saw that Ji Luoxue had followed. However, he did not know the meaning of his appearance here.
After flying on the surface of the sea for a day and a night, they encountered some ferocious beasts along the way.
However, these ferocious beasts sensed the powerful auras of the ten or so people above them and hid in all directions, sinking into the sea …
Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, on the other hand, were bored. Along the way, they casually killed some ferocious beasts, causing a huge commotion.
When the sun rose the next day, a white line appeared in front of Luo Zheng. That white line continued to enlarge in everyone's eyes. It was a snowy mountain standing on the surface of the sea.
Seeing these snowy mountains, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a smile. That was the great snowy mountain west of the Central Domain. They had arrived at their destination.
After crossing the snowy mountain, the group did not stop at all. They continued to head east and found the first big city, Xuandao City …
This big city was built by the Xuandao Mansion. Although the Xuandao Mansion's influence was not as strong as before, this big city had a space passage that could be used.
"Swoosh swoosh …"
Ten or so figures descended rapidly from the sky and landed in front of the space passage.
The few guards in front of the space passage were instantly stunned when they saw this scene …
They completely did not know the origins of the ten or so people in front of them. The key was that each of their auras was shockingly powerful, and their cultivations were unfathomable.
Fortunately, these people didn't have any hostility and had restrained their auras. Otherwise, these guards would have fainted on the spot.
"What … what … do you want to do?" The guard in the lead was slightly braver, and he stuttered as he asked.
"We're borrowing the space passage to Ocean of Clouds City." Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at them, and then he flicked his hand, causing two top-grade True Origin Stones to descend before the guard. After that, he looked straight ahead and stepped into the space passage.
Luo Xi Xuan revealed a trace of a kind smile to those guards, and then they followed Luo Zheng into the space passage.
After these people disappeared, the guards heaved a sigh of relief.
At this moment, Ocean of Clouds City was immersed in silence.
Since Luo Zheng ascended, the situation in the Central Domain had been firmly controlled by the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance. Even though other powers were showing signs of rising, like the Void Spirit Sect which had been rebuilt, they were left far behind by these two powers.
In a short period of a few years, two people had ascended from the Cloud Hall. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was the master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie. This was absolutely unprecedented in the history of the Central Domain, and the story of the two of them had become legends that were being spread by countless people.
At this moment, a strand of fluctuation suddenly arose from the space passage between Ocean of Clouds City and Xuandao City. Luo Zheng took a step forward from it, and his gaze descended onto the pure white clouds in the sky. The Cloud Hall was still floating above Ocean of Clouds City.
Actually, in these past few years, Luo Zheng had frequently used the Will of the Vast Thousand Worlds to search through its memories.
He knew everything that had happened in the Central Domain, and he had a strange feeling when he looked at the Cloud Hall.
After all, Ning Yudie had given birth to Lin while he was away, and he was already a father.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1423
The teleportation formations in Cloud Sea City had undergone an expansion two years ago.
Cloud Sea City was now considered the center of the Central Domain. The spatial passageways ran from east to west, north to south, and there were as many as 13 large cities. They could be considered the main transportation routes of the entire Central Domain.
Perhaps you didn't need to go to Cloud Sea City, but if you wanted to go to some relatively remote large cities, you had to transit through the spatial passageways in Cloud Sea City.
The sudden appearance of Luo Zheng's group instantly attracted countless gazes!
The guards stationed in the Cloud Hall also surrounded them at the same time. According to the rules, they had to interrogate them in such a situation.
Because of the Cloud Hall, these guards could be considered to have met many important figures here. However, Luo Zheng's group exuded an indescribable aura as soon as they stepped out of the spatial passageway.
This kind of aura was formed by many people mixed together, and it was formed by many experts.
For example, Hua Tianming gave off a feeling of being bathed in the spring breeze just by standing there. It made people feel very comfortable and comfortable, but they also understood that this person couldn't be ignored.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng gave off a feeling of sharpness, like a sword that was always in its sheath. Although its sharpness was hidden, it was still eye-catching!
Ji Luoxue was like a winter plum, cold but not difficult to get close to …
The leader of the guards also braced himself and approached with his subordinates. The leader muttered in his heart. The Central Domain had been peaceful for seven or eight years. Today, another group of existences that we can't afford to offend seemed to have appeared. I'm afraid that something is going to happen again.
If cannon fodder like us offend these experts, we'll probably be annihilated in an instant.
However, this leader had been guarding the teleportation formation for over ten years …
Many years ago, he had met Luo Zheng several times. Moreover, every time Luo Zheng appeared, his cultivation would be much higher.
When he got closer, he immediately saw Luo Zheng. This time, Luo Zheng's cultivation was so strong that he couldn't distinguish it at all …
However, with the experience from a few years ago, this leader tried his best to control his expression. However, his tone was still a little excited and trembling as he said, "Is Lord Luo back?"
He didn't know how to address Luo Zheng, so he reflexively added the word "Lord". It couldn't be wrong in the end.
"Lord Luo …"
"What Lord Luo?"
"Who is this person?"
The others were still puzzled.
Luo Zheng had ascended for seven or eight years, and he was already a legendary figure in their hearts. They found it very difficult to believe that Luo Zheng had returned.....
However, at this moment, several figures stepped out from another teleportation channel.
It was the members of the Zhuo Clan, and it was Zhuo Bufan who led the group.
... Luo Zheng Zheng as Luo Zheng's........
In the past, Void Tribulation Realm cultivators could already hold the position of Elder in Cloud Hall.
But now, the Cloud Hall was a Holy Land, so his position had naturally risen. After the number of Void Tribulation Realm cultivators increased, he was not qualified to become an elder.
He had just left the teleportation channel after completing a mission at the Void Spirit Sect when he felt an aura that terrified him.
Zhuo Zheng's expression changed drastically. He saw the appearance of the person in the lead clearly. It was his father's murderer, Luo Zheng!
However, Zhuo Bufan's mental state had been smoothed out over the years. He also knew that Master Zhuo's rebellion had almost destroyed the entire Zhuo family.
No matter if it was forbearance or helplessness, he knew that he was only an insignificant insect to Luo Zheng in the end. So when he saw Luo Zheng again, he wasn't so infuriated anymore, but he was still extremely surprised.
"Luo Zheng?" Zhuo Zheng stood on the spot in a daze.
The Zhuo family cultivators behind him were also stunned when they heard this.
Then, more people recognized Luo Zheng.
"It's really him!"
"He's actually back …"
"Luo Zheng is back!"
Luo Zheng wasn't from Ocean of Clouds City, but it didn't stop him from becoming the glory of Ocean of Clouds City. It could be said that when the cultivators of Ocean of Clouds City mentioned Luo Zheng, they didn't just treat him as an object of reverence, they treated him as something to show off to outsiders.
In the beginning, they were still quite nervous. These people could easily destroy Ocean of Clouds City, so how could they dare to speak carelessly?
However, they weren't so nervous when they heard Luo Zheng. After all, they were from the same family.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Zhuo Bufan. The Zhuo Clan had suffered the punishment it deserved when it rebelled all those years ago, so Luo Zheng wouldn't take it to heart. He nodded indifferently to Zhuo Bufan and said, "Let's go to the Cloud Hall …."
"I'll lead the way," Zhuo Bufan said immediately. He saw Xi Youqin and Hua Tianming in the crowd, and he was shocked once again.
He might not be familiar with Xi Youqin. After all, after entering the Cloud Hall, Xi Youqin only stayed by Luo Zheng's side and rarely went out. However, Hua Tianming … Although this guy was put in an important position by the Cloud Hall, how did his cultivation reach such a level?
It was a level that he couldn't understand even when he looked up ….
Although he was puzzled, Zhuo Bufan didn't speak carelessly. He felt that this group of people was too unusual.
"Haha … this is where you grew up, Luo Zheng?" Lie Qianhan couldn't hold it in any longer.
He and Xuanyuan Chenfeng came here to accompany Ji Luoxue to join in the fun.
These prodigies and Daoists of the four great clans had been isolated in their clans since they were young and rarely went out. Even if they left their clans, the lowest level they had seen was a tenth-rank Holy Land, and almost all the people they saw were above the Divine Sea Realm.
Now, however, they felt that they had come to a very special environment. There were many warriors in this environment, and they were all Xiantian lifeforms. They were unbelievably weak.
"A world of ants," Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't help but sneer.
The warriors of the Zhuo clan led the way in front. Hearing these two people's words, Zhuo Bufan and the others felt uneasy. Who were these people? Why did these two guys sound so unfriendly? Could it be that Luo Zheng was kidnapped and came here? These people should be from the Upper Realm!
However, they didn't dare to refute. With their strength, they were indeed not much stronger than ants in the eyes of these people.
"If the two of you continue to talk nonsense, get the hell back to the Upper Realm!"
Xi Youqin turned her head and raised her eyebrows as she reprimanded them.
No matter what, Xi Youqin also came from the Greater Thousand World. These two guys had inexplicably followed the crowd here.
She knew that Luo Zheng didn't like these two guys, but they were still guests from afar. Ning Yudie was being hunted down, and they were here to wait for her. When the time came, they might be able to help. After all, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's strength was not to be underestimated. However, it was inappropriate for him to say such sarcastic words.
Xi Youqin's words were very effective. Lie Qianhan only snorted coldly, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was silent …
This scene immediately changed Zhuo Bufan's guess. At the same time, he had a whole new level of respect for Xi Youqin. However, they knew too little about the Upper Realm, and their guesses were also very different.
Luo Zheng's appearance spread like wildfire among the warriors.
Originally, there were only a dozen people in the group, but now, there was a mighty crowd following behind them …
Of course, flying in the air required at least the Divine Illumination Realm. Warriors below the Divine Illumination Realm could only look at the sky and sigh. They didn't have the chance to see the first person to ascend from the Central Domain.
Just as Luo Zheng entered the Cloud Hall, he saw a flame curling up not far away. Then, some people wailed, and at the same time, there was a childish laughter.
Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face and asked, "Who can cause trouble in the Cloud Hall?"
The current Cloud Hall could be said to be the best in the Central Domain. Who could easily enter the Sect-Protecting Formation that he had set up back then and cause trouble here?
Unexpectedly, Zhuo Bufan showed a bitter smile on his face. After a while, he said, "You'll know when you see it for yourself."
When Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall this time, he planned to first meet with Granny Yu and settle this group of Daoists down. He would then closely monitor the entire Upper-Class World. No matter where Ning Yudie went against the flow, he would take action immediately.
However, at this moment, out of curiosity, he tiptoed and his figure floated over …
What entered his sight was a child of seven or eight years old. He had a delicate appearance and was dressed in pure gold brocade. There was a Divine Flame Sigil in his hand, and flames were constantly spewing out from the Divine Sigil, burning the house opposite.

Chapter 1425
The Celestial Venerables present did not look too good.
They never thought that the core region of the Demi-Immortal Tribe would be attacked by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
Old Man Feng's expression turned even uglier. This was an unforgivable mistake!
The giant beast was more than ten feet long. Its entire body was pitch-black and filled with cracks.
This giant beast was extremely ferocious. Even after being pulled out of the spatial crack by Old Man Feng, it continued to struggle on the ground. Its target was naturally the remaining nine Daoists!
Although this giant beast was powerful, it could not break free from Old Man Feng's grasp.
Unexpectedly, after struggling for a while, the giant beast's body suddenly trembled. In the blink of an eye, countless tiny black dots flew out from the cracks all over its body!
Those tiny black dots were countless poisonous insects!
"Be careful!"
"It's the poisonous oak insects!"
"Let me …"
The Celestial Venerables who were watching from the top of the stairs did not make a move. Since the three Celestial Venerables from the Deity Realm, Wu Zui, and the old patriarch had made a move, there was no need for them to make a move.
The flying poisonous oak insects could not hurt them, but it was easy for them to kill these juniors.
These fellows who lived on the reverse side of the world were best at witchcraft, curses, and poisons …
It had to be said that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had planned this attack very well.
Although there were many poisonous oak insects, how could one escape from the joint forces of the Celestial Venerables?
Celestial Venerable Ling Huo flicked his finger lightly. Every poisonous oak insect that flew out would burst into small flames and turn into ashes that scattered on the ground.
After clearing away these poisonous insects, the spatial crack next to them opened again. Celestial Venerable of Original Sin stepped out, holding a black object in his hand.
From its appearance, one could just barely make out the shape of a human.
This black "person" had a hunched body. His limbs were as thin as sticks, but his palms were unusually large. He held a skeletal wooden staff in his hand. His eyes were pitch-black, and the whites of his pupils could not be distinguished. His face was like that of an evil spirit.
"Plop." Celestial Venerable of Original Sin casually threw this "person" to the ground. He was not worried that this fellow would escape. In fact, no one could escape from Celestial Venerable of Original Sin.
"Is there only one person from the Sorcerer Tribe?" Celestial Lord Shen Yu asked.
The Primogenitor of Original Sin nodded. "To be precise, it was this guy who rode the Cilie Beast here to attack us." As he spoke, his gaze fell upon Jiang Zhengyi's body, which looked like a crushed gunny sack. He frowned. He had been counting on the ten Daoists, but now one of them had fallen. Although he wasn't from the four great clans, this wasn't a good sign. "Can he be revived?"
With the methods of these Empyreans, as long as they didn't die, no matter how serious the injury, no matter how powerful the poison, they could still be saved.
However, Jiang Zhengyi's entire body was crushed, and he couldn't be more dead. He could only use the method of resurrection to revive him …
"I'll ask Lin Su to come over now!" Old Man Feng said with a gloomy face. It was rare to see such an expression on Old Man Feng's face. It seemed like he was really angry.
Celestial Master Lin Su was a very important Celestial Master of the Demi-Immortal Clan. He was also the only Celestial Master in the universe who bore the Mandate of Resurrection. He had the means to bring the dead back to life.
Celestial Master Original Sin nodded. His eyes fell on the dark skinned man.
This man was curled up in a ball. As he saw everyone's eyes focus on him, a strange smile appeared on his face. As he smiled, he revealed a row of sharp white teeth, forming a sharp contrast with his dark skin. From his throat came a very unpleasant sound, as if countless pieces of metal were crazily grinding together. "Hahahaha … don't struggle! Our witch race will eventually be rid of the curse of the gods! You are all pests of the universe, you will all be eliminated …! "
"You scum from the reverse side of the world!" Celestial Master Demondawn lifted his hand, wanting to punch this martial artist to death.
But he was stopped by the Old Patriarch.
Old Man Feng's expression was solemn. He coldly stared at this martial artist, "Even if the entire universe is destroyed, it will never be your ancient witch race's turn."
"Is that so?" The man continued to wildly laugh. "Let's not talk about whether or not it will be our witch race's turn. At the very least, we will be able to obtain the forgiveness of the gods and have the curse on our bodies dispelled! Haha … you still want to rely on these little bastards to save you? You're simply dreaming! "He pointed at Luo Zheng and the others.
The ancient witch race was also once human.
It was said that long ago, the ancient witch race had angered the gods and were cursed by the gods. This was why they had become neither human nor ghost.
As for whether or not the real reason was the legendary reason, there was no way to verify this. Perhaps only the ancient witch race had records of this.
"Very good. I haven't used the soul searching technique in a long time," Old Man Feng said with an expressionless face.
This ancient witch race member had ridden a Cilie beast to ambush them. He had already been prepared to sacrifice himself. After killing someone in the Demi-Immortal Tribe, and in front of so many Empyreans, it was impossible for him to escape unscathed. He had already disregarded his own life.
But when he heard Old Man Feng's soul searching technique, he still revealed a look of fear.
Death was fine, but no one was willing to have their soul turned into a mess …
Sou!
Almost like a conditioned reflex, this person wanted to flee.
But Old Man Feng only needed to look at him to freeze him in place, unable to move at all.
This person was considered a "Great Witch" in the ancient witch race, and a Great Witch was equivalent to a Realm Lord in the universe. It was impossible for him to escape.
Old Man Feng's expression was cold as he walked in front of this Great Witch. When their gazes met, the Great Witch's pitch-black eyes suddenly emitted circles of milky white light. His gaze also became blank. This was a phenomenon that would only occur when one's soul was being searched.
Just as Old Man Feng was searching his soul, a strange smile suddenly appeared on the Great Witch's blank face!
Boom!
An invisible force suddenly slammed into the Great Shaman's chest, and a furious expression appeared on Old Man Feng's face.
The Empyreans also did not understand why Old Man Feng would kill this person after using the soul searching technique.
They saw Old Man Feng reach out a hand and press down on his forehead. With a light flick of his finger, a small black snake was pulled out from his forehead. This small snake continued to circle around Old Man Feng's hand, emitting a hissing sound from its mouth.
Seeing this small black snake, the Empyreans all paled.
"Ghost Weeping Soul Snake?"
This was one of the most insidious methods of the ancient witch race. This sort of Ghost Weeping Soul Snake was attached to the soul of a Great Witch. Normally, it wouldn't be of much use, but if someone used a soul searching technique or a soul attack, they would incite the Ghost Weeping Soul Snake to attack. And, this Ghost Weeping Soul Snake's poison was specifically targeted at the soul. This poison wasn't a potent poison, but once it seeped into the soul it would be impossible to expel. Year after year, it would accumulate in the soul until the day it erupted. Even an Empyrean would not be able to escape.
This Great Witch knew that he couldn't escape death and he also knew that Old Man Feng would search his soul. When he heard Old Man Feng's words, he revealed such an expression in order to lure Old Man Feng into searching his soul. But, he had nearly fallen into Old Man Feng's trap!
This was also because Old Man Feng's soul form was very special. If it were any other Empyrean, they would already be miserable.
As Empyrean Demondawn saw this, his complexion also paled.
Before this, he only feared the so-called True Divinities; he didn't place the ancient witch race in his eyes at all. But, looking at this method, just an ancient witch race alone wouldn't be easy to deal with …
Old Man Feng sighed. He ordered people to clean up the scene. After the Cilie Beast was taken away, his eyes finally fell on Luo Zheng. "This Great Witch's target should be Luo Zheng."
This Great Witch should be hiding in the back of space. Just now, when he controlled the Cilie Beast to attack, his first target should be Luo Zheng.
He didn't think that Luo Zheng's reaction would be so quick. He forcefully took a step back and brought Xi Youqin to avoid the attack. The one who suffered the most was Jiang Zhengyi.
"There is something on you that they fear." Old Man Feng continued to stare at Luo Zheng. "No matter what it is, we need to talk about the dragon!"
"Is it that Ancestral Dragon?" Luo Zheng remembered that he had placed the Ancestral Dragon in his immortal mansion.
Old Man Feng shook his head. "No, the Ancestral Dragon has other uses! It's best if you cultivate it yourself. "
After Old Man Feng finished speaking, he turned towards the depths of the cave and moved his lips, as if he was sending a true essence sound transmission to someone. Soon, not too far away, people began to carry a purple crystal coffin over.
Luo Zheng glanced over. He discovered that there seemed to be balls of things constantly wandering within the crystal coffin. There were quite a few of them.
"These are the soul essences of various God Beasts." Old Man Feng said. "It's time to awaken the five-clawed golden dragon within your body."

Chapter 1434
At this moment, the person locked in the house was wailing in pain, and the sound of begging for mercy could be heard …
The boy didn't have the slightest bit of mercy. With a flick of his finger, the flames in the divine pattern were like fire dragons that swept towards the room. His movements were extremely skilled.
Luo Zheng frowned and floated over. He shouted in a low voice, "Stop!"
When the boy heard Luo Zheng's voice, he turned his head. His clear eyes flashed with a trace of craftiness. The divine pattern of flame in his hand actually rolled towards Luo Zheng!
"Hualala …"
A long line of flames rushed towards Luo Zheng, engulfing Luo Zheng. At the same time, the boy's laughter could be heard. "I'll roast you like a roasted chicken!"
However, when the flames dissipated, the boy was stunned. The scene he imagined didn't happen. The person in front of him was completely unharmed.
The divine pattern of flame was extremely powerful. After activating it with a True Origin Stone, even a False Tribulation Realm warrior wouldn't be able to resist it. The boy had never encountered such a situation before …
"What's your name?" Luo Zheng stared at the boy and asked.
The boy blinked and the corner of his mouth curled up. His tender fingers had already grasped another divine pattern. "What does it have to do with you!?"
"Are you … surnamed Luo?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The boy smiled. "Yes!"
As soon as his voice fell, he took advantage of this opportunity to flip out another divine pattern token. A bolt of lightning shot out from the token!
Luo Zheng raised his head and waved his hand. The powerful bolt of lightning was shattered into pieces. At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression was somewhat ugly.
This boy looked 80% like him and 20% like Ning Yudie. There was no doubt that he was his son.
Seeing how skilled he was in controlling the divine patterns, it seemed that he was extremely talented in the Dao of Divine Patterns. However, these divine patterns shouldn't have been created by this boy. He should have had the help of others.
"So young, yet so unruly …"
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng reached out and squeezed. The two divine pattern tokens in the boy's hand suddenly shattered.
The young boy glanced at the shattered Divine Inscription Token in his hand and his mouth twitched as he burst into tears.
He was born and raised in this Cloud Cloud Hall. Ning Yudie took care of him in every possible way, and Granny Yu was always by his side. That was how he developed his current rude and unreasonable temperament.
Everyone in the Cloud Hall knew about this prank. Who in the Cloud Hall would dare to touch him? Now, he had become a little tyrant in the Cloud Hall. Everyone avoided him like the plague …
"Who dares to bully my Nian 'er!"
An aged voice drifted over. It was Granny Yu who appeared on the other side with her walking stick.
In fact, as soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the Cloud Hall, someone went to inform Granny Yu. At this moment, Granny Yu hurried over and saw Luo Nian crying miserably.
Granny Yu's face immediately darkened.
Luo Zheng's return to the Cloud Hall was a happy occasion, but in Granny Yu's eyes, the little guy's emotions were more important.
Granny Yu's lifespan in the Central Domain was extremely long. Her relatives had all stepped into their graves after a long time. The closest person to her was Ning Yudie.
Later, Ning Yudie became pregnant and gave birth to her son, Luo Nian. Granny Yu was probably the one who worried the most.
Since birth, Luo Nian had been nourished with the dew of the Nine Yin Grass. The moment he was born, Xiantian Qi was sealed into his body. From the day he was born until he was one year old, Luo Nian's body was scrubbed with the Dragon Saliva Spring every day … It was a great opportunity for ordinary warriors to drink the Dragon Saliva Spring in one gulp, but it was only suitable for bathing and scrubbing Luo Nian's body.
Although the current Luo Nian was naughty and mischievous, Granny Yu had taken care of him little by little. Seeing Luo Zheng bully her son when he just came back, how could Granny Yu be happy?
When Luo Zheng saw Granny Yu, he reached out and cupped his hands. "Granny Yu."
Granny Yu glared at Luo Zheng, then her gaze fell on Xi Youqin. She snorted coldly and swept her gaze over the Daoists behind Luo Zheng. She was surprised by the strength of these Daoists, and her face became more and more gloomy. "When Xiao Die ascended to the Upper Realm, she left Nian 'er in the Cloud Hall to look for you. Why are you not seeing Xiao Die when you return today?"
Granny Yu had not ascended after all. She was only at the third level of the Life and Death Realm. At this age, it was very difficult for her to make any progress. She had no idea what the world in the Upper Realm was like. How difficult was it to find someone?
However, an old woman at this age would not reason with Luo Zheng. She only questioned him.
"I returned this time … for Ning Yudie. She was being hunted down by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe and is now going against the flow of the Ascension Passage …" Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"Crack!"
"What!" Granny Yu's walking stick heavily hit the ground, and a stone slab was immediately smashed into pieces. She said angrily, "Xiao Die ascended to the Upper Realm to look for her husband. How dare you come back alone! You're such a heartless person. Ning Yudie was blind to marry you … "
Lie Qianhan, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the others held back their laughter. This old woman's words were not worth refuting. Luo Zheng was neither a Celestial Master nor a True God. How could he know that Ning Yudie had ascended to the Upper Realm? How could he know that Ning Yudie had ascended to the Upper Realm?
Did she think that the Upper Realm was about the same size as the Upper Realm?
As for Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, and the others, they did not see it at that time. After all, it was Luo Zheng's family matter.
"Granny, how can you slander people like this? There are hundreds of thousands of Upper Realms in the universe, and each Upper Realm is countless times larger than the Upper Realm. Looking for one person is like looking for a needle in a haystack. How can you blame it on Luo Zheng?" Xi Youqin could not help but criticize Luo Zheng.
Hua Tianming also cupped his hands and said, "Granny Yu, this matter really cannot be blamed on Luo Zheng. Besides, we now know where Ning Yudie went. There shouldn't be a problem waiting in the Upper Realm!"
Granny Yu was not willing to reason. She only felt that Ning Yudie had left to look for her husband, and Luo Zheng had returned alone. This was an unforgivable mistake!
Granny Yu also hated Xi Youqin very much. She coldly glanced at her and said, "Humph, so you and this little b * tch flew away together. My family's Xiao Die has naturally been forgotten beyond the nine heavens …"
"Who are you calling a little b * tch!" Xi Youqin's eyes flashed sharply, and four swords suddenly floated out!
Xi Youqin's current strength was not what it used to be. Although she was still in the late stage of the Spirit Sea Realm, under her murderous intent, all the warriors in the entire Cloud Sea City felt as if an ancient ferocious beast had appeared in the Cloud Hall. The invisible pressure made everyone tremble in their hearts!
"Wah!"
When had Luo Nian seen such a scene?
First, he was taught a lesson by Luo Zheng. Now, seeing Xi Youqin's murderous intent, he burst into tears and crashed into Granny Yu's arms.
In the past, Granny Yu was also intimidated by Xi Youqin's aura. Her face suddenly became very ugly. She didn't like Xi Youqin in the past, and now she hated her even more. However, with this woman's current cultivation, she was afraid that she could destroy this Cloud Hall with a flip of her hand.
She just held Nian 'er in her arms and said, "Forget it, Nian' er. A few days ago, you asked me where my father was. I told you that your father is a great hero of the Central Domain. When he comes back, you will be able to see his glory. Now it seems that it's fine if he doesn't come back. Just pretend that you don't have this father …"
As she spoke, she walked back with Luo Nian in her arms.
Although Luo Nian was afraid of Xi Youqin's aura, when he heard Granny Yu's words, he immediately understood. That annoying man was his father?
This time, he poked his little head out from Granny Yu's shoulder and secretly sized up Luo Zheng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan had seen enough of a joke. Although the ten of them were destined to shoulder the crisis of the universe, they were like teammates to each other. However, when they saw Luo Zheng suffer, they were undoubtedly the happiest …
"Brother Luo Zheng, don't worry. Granny Yu is only worried about the whereabouts of the Hall Master. It will take about ten days to escape from the Ascension Passage. At that time, we can go together to find the whereabouts of the Hall Master." Seeing Luo Zheng's ugly expression, Hua Tianming comforted him.
"No need to search," Luo Zheng said faintly. "If she returns to the Great Thousand World, I will naturally know."
With the will of the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng could perceive every movement in the entire world. However, when he returned this time, Luo Zheng found that the situation in front of him was even more troublesome and awkward …
Under the arrangements of the people in the Cloud Hall, everyone settled down first.
The news of Luo Zheng's return to the Cloud Hall quickly spread again.

Chapter 1435
For the past few days, Luo Zheng had been sitting upright in the ice palace, closing his eyes and closely monitoring the movements of the entire Vast Thousand World.
After ascending to the universe, Luo Zheng still had a mysterious connection with the Vast Thousand World, but he could not use his power to transfer it.
After returning this time, he once again communicated with the will of the Vast Thousand World, but he found that there were some changes to this will.
The entire Vast Thousand World was diamond-shaped. If one looked down from a high place, it would look like the diamond-shaped scales of a fierce beast. However, this time, Luo Zheng noticed that there was something strange at the top of the diamond-shaped scales, as if a flaw had appeared at the edge of the Vast Thousand World …
What exactly was the will of the Vast Thousand World? Luo Zheng himself could not explain it clearly.
For martial artists, the will was a psychological state produced when they achieved a certain goal. Under normal circumstances, it was expressed through words and actions.
However, for the Vast Thousand World, words definitely did not exist. Otherwise, Luo Zheng would not be able to say anything to him because he was connected to the will of the Vast Thousand World. As for actions …
The only action it took should be when Luo Zheng went to the Divine Kingdom back then. The Vast Thousand World condensed an incarnation, hoping to use it to repair the ascension passage.
In the end, it was the complete opposite. The will of the Vast Thousand World was swallowed up by Luo Zheng, and the ascension passage was repaired by martial artists from the Upper Realm.
After that, the will of the Vast Thousand World did not take any action. It only helped Luo Zheng transfer power.
However, when he returned to the Lower Realm this time, Luo Zheng found a trace of movement.
He did not know if the barrier of this world was destroyed by the Vast Thousand World itself, or if it was a sudden situation.
The will of the Vast Thousand World had entered another neighboring Vast Thousand World, but the range of the will covering the other Vast Thousand World was not wide. Under Luo Zheng's investigation, he only sensed a small area of the vast sea, and there were some relatively common creatures in the sea.
Although Luo Zheng had not been to the other Great Wide World, he thought that it should be similar to the Great Wide World that he was in.
If he had time, Luo Zheng even wanted to take a look at the edge of the Vast Thousand World. Although the barrier had been broken, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to escape into it and cross this Vast Thousand World to enter another Vast Thousand World. This was something that had never happened before.
But at this stage, Luo Zheng naturally wasn't in the mood …
After the other Daoists settled down, they chose to walk around. After all, they had never been to the Lower Realm before. Although they couldn't compare to Huan Yu, they were actually curious about the local conditions and customs here.
As for Xi Youqin, after accompanying Luo Zheng for a day, she chose to go back to the Void Spirit Sect. After all, her family members were still in the Void Spirit Sect. Now that the Void Spirit Sect had been rebuilt, it seemed to be on the rise. If Xi Youqin could go back, she could help the Void Spirit Sect a lot. After all, Xi Youqin was already at the Divine Sea Realm. In terms of strength, no one in the Great Thousand World could be her opponent!
On this day, Luo Zheng was still closely monitoring the entire world …
At the entrance of the palace, a small head popped out. The eyes on the head were bright and sparkling, looking very much like a young Luo Zheng.
Luo Nian's impression of his father only existed in his imagination.
Although Luo Zheng had ascended, his mark had been deeply engraved in every corner of the Cloud Hall. At such a young age, Luo Nian had already heard too many legends about his father.
Once, he had hoped to see his father. When he was six years old, he had said that he would definitely ascend to find his father one day.
But this time, Luo Zheng's return greatly disappointed Luo Nian.
This was the first time his father had met him, but he had actually mercilessly reprimanded him. In his young mind, the heroic image of his father had collapsed, and he had suddenly become a terrifying monster.
It should be known that in the Cloud Hall, no one dared to restrain him.
Previously, when Ning Yudie was still here, she could still restrain Luo Nian. After Ning Yudie ascended, Granny Yu was only blindly arrogant and willful, and he displayed his naughtiness incisively and vividly.
In Luo Nian's young mind, there was only one word left for Luo Zheng: "annoying."
But in the end, Luo Zheng was his father, and he still had an irrepressible curiosity about Luo Zheng.
After sulking for two days, he finally sneaked to the top floor of the Cloud Hall, and secretly sized up Luo Zheng from a corner.
Although Luo Zheng's eyes didn't look over, with his eyes closed, his invisible perception had already enveloped Luo Zheng. Luo Nian's body shape, appearance, and height … were all drawn in Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but admit that although this kid was naughty, his foundation was quite solid!
Compared to Luo Zheng when he was young, he probably couldn't even catch up with Luo Nian.
After all, the Cloud Hall couldn't be compared to a small Luo family … But then again, although foundation was important, hard work was the decisive factor.
For example, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue, and the others. Their foundation was already unmatched in the universe, but this didn't mean that they could easily obtain first place. Their own hard work and hard work were also decisive factors.
Luo Zheng himself was the best example.
So in Luo Zheng's opinion, this kid's character had to be corrected …
But he had just seen Luo Nian, and he had acted so harshly, he was afraid that he had scared him.
In the end, it was the result of Grandma Yu's pampering, so he couldn't be blamed.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly lifted his knees, and his figure disappeared.
"Huh?"
Luo Nian's eyes were filled with curiosity. His reaction wasn't slow, and he immediately understood that Luo Zheng had noticed him. He turned around, wanting to slip away, but when he looked back, he found that his father was already standing behind him, with a kind smile on his face.
Although Luo Zheng had a smile on his face, Luo Nian still showed a timid expression.
"Luo Nian?" Luo Zheng called out.
"Hm?" Luo Nian subconsciously responded. His eyes turned, and then he timidly called out, "Dad …"
As soon as he called out, Luo Zheng took Luo Nian into his arms.
Luo Zheng had Luo Nian's childhood memories. As long as he wanted to, he could recall anything that happened to anyone in the Vast Thousand Realms at any time.
But these memories belonged to the Vast Thousand Realms, not to Luo Zheng. The feeling of unfamiliarity between him and his son couldn't be eliminated.
Hearing Luo Nian call him "dad," Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in his heart. He grabbed Luo Nian and said, "I'll take you out!"
He put Luo Nian on his neck, and in a flash, he shot up into the sky!
Although the uncles in the Cloud Hall took care of Luo Nian in every way possible, they weren't his father. At this moment, in Luo Nian's little mind, he finally understood that "dad" could be played like this …
"Haha …"
Flying in the air, they quickly approached the "Light of Abundant Water" barrier.
"We're going to hit it!"
Luo Nian was very familiar with this barrier. It looked like a layer of water ripples, but if they really hit it, it would be terrible.
"Close your eyes," Luo Zheng instructed.
Seeing the blazing white light in front of him, and the power of the Law of Space wrapped around them, Luo Nian closed his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, he only saw a trace of the remaining blazing white light. The power of the Law of Space had begun to dissipate.
At this moment, Luo Zheng and Luo Nian had already penetrated the barrier …
"Master said the Light of Abundant Water is very powerful. Even if one is proficient in the Law of Space, it's impossible to penetrate it!" Luo Nian said as if he was reciting a book.
"Master? Which master? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"My master's surname is Zong!" Luo Nian said.
Luo Zheng immediately knew who Luo Nian's master was. It was Zong Rui, the former chief runemaster of the Cloud Hall.
He didn't expect Luo Nian's Divine Rune Technique to be taught by Zong Rui …
"So high, so high!"
As Luo Zheng flew higher and higher, the clouds below were also left far behind. Those clouds were like a white ocean, slowly rolling below. Luo Nian couldn't help but shout in excitement, completely forgetting how terrifying Luo Zheng was.
"Dad, if we keep flying like this, can we fly to the Upper World?" Luo Nian suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and answered with a smile, "Yes."
If they could withstand the destruction of the astral wind, they could indeed go all the way up from here and escape into the universe.
"Granny said mother went to the Upper World … Then if we keep flying like this, can we find mother?" Luo Nian asked again.
This kid's thinking …
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. If they didn't take the Ascension Passage and went all the way up along the sky of the universe, ordinary warriors of the Divine Sea Realm didn't know how long it would take to reach the nearest big world.
After all, the little guy was too young to explain this to Luo Nian. He just smiled and said, "Mother will come back."
"When will mother come back?" Luo Nian's eyes suddenly lit up.
Luo Zheng stared at the end of the sea of clouds and said firmly, "It shouldn't be too long. In half a month, Nian 'er will definitely see mother."
He only hoped that nothing would happen to Ning Yudie in the Ascension Passage.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1436
When the entire universe was dissected, the space was divided into front and back.
The back of the space was not an independent world, but it complemented the space that people were familiar with, like a shadow following the body...
But the vast majority of creatures did not like to live on the back. It was a place where sunlight could not reach. There was no vital essence, no creatures, and everything was empty.
The Ancient Sorcerer Race was the only race that lived on the back of the world...
This race was too mysterious. Celestial Venerables had investigated their purpose, but in the end, they did not find anything. Not only that, but they also caused trouble, such as having skulls hanging all over their bodies...
Although these little skulls couldn't cause any harm to Celestial Venerables, they couldn't be destroyed or removed. They could only use incomparably troublesome methods to dispel the curse, or even directly banish it. It was still very annoying.
Over time, not many people were willing to provoke this trouble.
What did the Ancient Sorcerer Race rely on to survive, what exactly were they planning? This cultural secret became more and more mysterious with the precipitation of time...
Until recently, when the Demi-Immortal Race revealed the news, a small number of high-level people in the universe knew that this was a conspiracy that spanned more than ten eras, hundreds of billions of years.
In the face of such a time span, even Celestial Venerables were like moths flying for a moment, unable to make any changes.
This was a game that only True Gods and Saints could participate in...
It was a pity that the universe had only one era, the beginning and the end of one era, and had finally come to an end.
It was time to place a piece in this game. That was why the situation had become so intense and painful. At the same time, Huan Yu's own mechanism had become sensitive and powerful. Thus, geniuses appeared from every corner as if they didn't need money.
Among them, the Vast Thousand Domains where Luo Zheng lived was the most peculiar. Not only did it give birth to a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, but it also gave birth to Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng thought this was a coincidence.
But the Ancient Sorcerer Race did not think so, and neither did Old Man Feng. In fact, after Luo Zheng left, Old Man Feng had already completed the first round of arrangements...
After all, Luo Zheng's blood flowed in Luo Nian's body. Although the father and son met for the first time, it only took a few days for them to become familiar with each other.
Although the little guy was naughty and mischievous, he was indeed extremely intelligent.
His mind seemed to be filled with countless whys. Staying by Luo Zheng's side, he threw out those whys one by one.
"Father, why do warriors need to cultivate …" Luo Nian asked.
This question sounded very simple, even a little idiotic, but it went straight to the point. Instead, it asked Luo Zheng.
He thought for a moment, then smiled and said, "In order to protect the people around you, if there are bad people who bully Nian 'er, I can help you …"
"But why do we have to ascend? Isn't this world good? "In Luo Nian's mind, the Central Domain was already a huge environment.
For mortals, the vast Central Domain was already boundless. Ascending was indeed not a good choice. The Upper Realm was not a fairyland. Instead, it was a world where competition was even more brutal.
"To become stronger," Luo Zheng continued.
Thus, Luo Nian's question became, "Why did you become stronger …"
This question fell into a loop in terms of logic. It was indeed an unsolvable answer.
If you wanted to find the most basic answer, you would probably have to trace it back to the first batch of creatures born in the chaos. Why was the Domain of the Gods born in the chaos? When did the Saints of the Domain of the Gods develop a sense of competition …
Then, what kind of scene was at the end of the Martial Path?
Luo Zheng would eventually search for the answer, but at the moment, he could not answer Luo Nian's question.
Thus, Luo Zheng very honestly told Luo Nian, "Father doesn't know either."
Luo Nian was a little curious. He felt that Luo Zheng was an omnipotent existence. He did not expect that there was something his father did not know.
"When I find out in the future, I'll tell you!" Luo Nian blinked and said seriously.
Hearing Luo Nian's words, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. "Searching for the answer is not an easy task."
"Luo Nian is not afraid of difficulties." He was still very serious.
Luo Zheng felt very gratified to have such ambition at such a young age. Perhaps he himself did not understand what he wanted to pursue, but with this persistence, many difficult things would become very easy for him.
A few days passed in the blink of an eye.
On the twelfth day, Luo Zheng still did not detect any fluctuations in the boundless universe.
But he did not expect that Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng would cause such trouble …
The two of them went to the Central Domain for a stroll. When they returned, their bodies were scratched.
Especially Lie Qianhan. His injuries were very serious. His entire body was covered with small cuts. It looked like he had been injured by a sharp weapon.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not much better. He looked very distressed …
"You … where did you run off to?" Luo Zheng was also stunned by this scene.
These two people had a cultivation of the Divine Realm. In addition to the strength of a Dao Child, even a Divine Transformation Realm powerhouse might not be their match. Who in the Central Domain could cause these two people to be so distressed?
Lie Qianhan only snorted coldly and then sat down cross-legged to heal his wounds. If this degree of injury was placed on an ordinary martial artist, it would be very bad. But which Dao Child did not have some sacred medicine on them?
Xuanyuan Chenfeng spoke the truth. "What kind of damned place is this boundless universe! We went all the way north. The storm was so strong that it almost killed us … "
"The storm of the Chaotic Astral Ocean." Luo Zheng immediately understood.
Since ancient times, there had been an extremely strong storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. But Luo Zheng himself did not understand the cause of the storm. He was very clear about how strong the storm was. In the past, Luo Zheng did not dare to approach the core of the storm. Even now, he was afraid that he still could not …
These two fellows were confident in their strength. Seeing such a strange scene in the lower realms, they naturally would not miss this opportunity.
Who would have thought that the deeper they went, the more terrifying the wind blades were. Some of the wind blades even contained wind laws up to the eighth level, ninth level … that was already equivalent to the full power attack of a sector lord. How could the two of them block it?
For this reason, Lie Qianhan had to use a defensive treasure passed down to him by the Lie Family to escape unscathed. Not only did he feel heartache, but he also had injuries all over his body …
These days, there were many people in the Central Domain who wanted to visit Luo Zheng.
People from the World Business Alliance, Void Spirit Sect, and even the main family of the Cloud Hall wanted to meet Luo Zheng. But Luo Zheng rejected them all.
All the problems would have to wait until Ning Yudie could return safely …
On the fourteenth day, there was still no movement in the boundless universe.
On the fifteenth day, it was the same …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall and waited. Half a month had already passed.
He was getting more and more anxious.
Thinking back to when he was in the Demi-Immortal Tribe, he seemed to be too anxious. He should have asked Old Man Feng to follow along the ascension passage instead of waiting at the other end of the passage.
However, being anxious was only one reason. On the other hand, Luo Zheng had doubts about his fate. That group of people had hidden a lot of important information from him. Even Xun didn't seem to be close to him anymore. At this stage, when Luo Zheng encountered a problem, the first thing he would consider was the motivation he could use.
If Ning Yudie was intercepted by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, then he would have waited in vain!
On the sixteenth day after Luo Zheng's return …
Divine Nation Continent …
Divine Nation of Yu the Great was holding a grand celebration at this moment.
The new Divine Nation Monarch was ascending the throne at this moment because the previous Divine Nation Monarch had already ascended.
At this moment, all the cultivators and commoners in the Divine Nation were participating.
The ascension passage of the boundless universe was constantly changing. When a cultivator ascended from the boundless universe, the ascension passage would change direction.
Half a year ago, Ning Yudie of the Central Domain ascended, and the world passage moved to the Central Domain, near Cloud Sea City.
And three days ago, the previous Divine Nation Monarch of Yu the Great ascended, and the ascension passage returned to the Divine Nation Continent …
The new Divine Nation Monarch of Yu the Great was only at the sixth level of the Life and Death Realm.
With the restoration of the ascension passage, the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators squeezed in the Divine Nation ascended to the Upper World. In fact, the strength of the four Divine Nations was not increased, but weakened. After all, the current Monarchs could only be at the Life and Death Realm. Once they reached the Divine Ocean Realm, they would be forced into the ascension passage by the boundless universe.

Chapter 1437
Suddenly, many small black spots appeared in the cracks!
These black dots were falling down at an extremely fast speed ….
"This is a natural phenomenon!"
"God bless the Monarch. This phenomenon coincides with the Monarch's ascension …"
"This is a good omen!"
"Shut up, all of you!" Liu Yang, the Monarch of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, stared at the black spots, and his face suddenly changed. He had seen clearly that these black spots were many warriors!
Due to the distance, Liu Yang himself could not see the cultivation of these people clearly. But coming from the sky? These people were definitely not good people. How could this be a good omen?
Very quickly, some of the weaker martial artists also saw clearly that those black dots were actually people who were rapidly descending!
At this moment, Liu Yang had seen the leader clearly.
That person seemed to be seriously injured. His body was dripping with blood, and his momentum was waning.
But even so, the waning aura still frightened Liu Yang. This person's strength was not simply unfathomable. Liu Yang had a feeling that this person could kill him with just a flick of his finger!
As for the warriors behind, their cultivation seemed to be slightly weaker, but they were all in the Divine Sea Realm …
This was thousands of warriors in the Divine Sea Realm!
With such a huge army, they could destroy the four Divine Nations with their eyes closed!
They came from the Upper World!
Almost instantly, Liu Yang came to this conclusion in his heart.
But what were they doing here? What was so valuable about the Lower World, a desolate place, that they would visit?
"No, judging from their appearance, some of them are injured, and the leader is seriously injured. They should be hiding from something …" Liu Yang's mind was extremely agile, and he soon saw the key point.
The leader's strength was unfathomable, and he was leading such a large group of warriors in the Divine Sea Realm …
Who was chasing after them?
If they were implicated, let alone the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the entire continent of the Divine Kingdom, and even the entire Vast Thousand World would be in trouble.
"Who the f * ck thought this was a good omen just now?"
Liu Yang angrily rebuked, and the civil and military officials in the ascension ceremony immediately fell silent.
Then, Liu Yang threw down the golden crown on his head and shot towards the sky. He knew very well that if he didn't handle it well, not to mention the throne, he wouldn't even be able to keep his life … Moreover, Liu Yang didn't care about the throne at all. He was already a sixth layer Life and Death realm martial artist, and could break through to the Divine Sea realm at any time. At that time, he would ascend to the higher realm just like his father and his grandfather. Because after the inter-world passage was repaired, the four Divine Nations' monarchs had changed one after another.
In the past few thousand years, the ruler of the country had not changed, but because they had all chosen to ascend, many rulers had left their country and ascended after less than two years of their reign.
High up in the sky …
"Cough … cough …" Nine Palace Master coughed violently.
The past half a month was perhaps the most difficult time for Nine Palace Master.
"There seems to be a town below, but I wonder which force it belongs to?" Nine Palace Master asked.
Ning Yudie focused her gaze and looked down from a high altitude. She could see the entire continent …
Seeing the shape of the continent, Ning Yudie immediately rejected the idea of the Central Domain. She quickly came to an answer, "This is the Divine Kingdom Continent, it belongs to the human race!"
Ning Yudie had never been to the Divine Kingdom Continent before, but she remembered Luo Zheng mentioning that the Divine Kingdom Continent's shape was very special. There was a circular inland sea in the middle, and the continent surrounded this inland sea. It was like a bracelet with nothing in the middle. This shape was very easy to recognize, so she quickly came to a conclusion.
"Divine Kingdom?" Nine Palace Master paused, a trace of disdain on his face.
Forces like divine kingdoms only existed in the lower realms. It was almost impossible for them to exist in the upper realms. Whether it was the Human Dao Alliance or Gods Without Thought, they developed to the point where countless tenth rank sacred lands formed an alliance to form a superpower.
Actually, the Xuanyuan, Lie, Ji, and Ji families were another form of divine kingdoms. However, under the alliance of these four families, Gods Without Thought had developed to such a level that there was no need for them to call themselves emperors.
Those who were truly powerful didn't need to add titles such as Battle Emperor or Battle Emperor behind their names.
This was because their names already represented the strongest in the universe.
Moreover, the strongest in the universe already had the title of Heavenly Venerate.
"Forget it … Those guys have been sealed by me with A Thought of Heaven and Earth. It will take some time to break them. Let's rest first before making any plans!"
There were a considerable number of core disciples in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground who had followed Nine Palace Master into the Immortal Ascension Passage. These people's talents might not be considered much in the universe, but they were definitely the future main force of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground. He had unintentionally protected so many core disciples, which was considered a great merit in the Jade Pure Sacred Ground.
If it was in the past, Nine Palace Master would be very happy. However, he was not happy at all now. The Jade Pure Sacred Ground would probably cease to exist in the future. So what if the merit was great?
Just as he finished speaking, a figure came up from below.
This person was wearing a yellow robe with a True Dragon coiled on his sleeves. Nine Palace Master and Ning Yudie both knew that this person should be the king of this divine kingdom.
"Almighties, I am Liu Yang. May I know why you have come to my Great Yu Divine Kingdom? If I can help you, I will do my best!"
Although Liu Yang had ascended to the position of king, he was very respectful. He was very clear about the strength of these people. It did not matter if he cooperated or not. They could destroy the Great Yu Divine Kingdom in an instant. It could even be said that these people were not interested in destroying the Great Yu Divine Kingdom …
Therefore, it was better to be polite first. If Liu Yang could help, he would help because he had no choice. If he could not help, he could send them away with good words.
Nine Palace Master did not say anything. Since Ning Yudie had ascended to this great world, she would be in charge of these matters.
"Great Yu Divine Kingdom? I am the Palace Master of the Central Domain's Cloud Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie, "Ning Yudie said lightly.
"The Central Domain's … Tianbei Domain's Ning Yudie?" Liu Yang was stunned.
Ever since Luo Zheng had gone to the Divine Kingdom Continent, the four Divine Kingdoms had gradually paid more attention to the Central Domain. After the Astral Ocean Storm had stopped, people from the two continents came and went.
Because of the storm, although it was not very convenient to come and go, it was still much more frequent than before.
There were even some rich merchants in the Divine Kingdoms who found some business opportunities and took great risks to cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean to trade. Moreover, the construction of a space passage between the two continents had been put on the agenda …
The Cloud Hall's current power could rival any of the four Divine Kingdoms.
Liu Yang naturally had a copy of the information about the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie!
He did not expect that the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall had also ascended. However, after ascending, she had brought back thousands of Divine Sea Realm warriors and an unfathomable powerhouse. What was this?
"To tell you the truth, there are strong enemies chasing after us in the Ascension Passage. We only want to rest here before we decide whether to stay or leave," Ning Yudie said.
As expected! Liu Yang's heart ached. His guesses were always close to the truth. They were really being chased here. According to Ning Yudie, they needed to rest first before deciding whether to stay or leave. What should he do? He could not wait for them to leave as soon as possible! However, Liu Yang knew that he had no choice.
Ning Yudie naturally had some selfish motives in her heart.
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was neither a human nor a ghost. If they were really lured into the Central Region, wouldn't Palace Yun be in trouble? Right now, they had no choice but to sacrifice the Divine Kingdom Continent.
"Everyone, please." Liu Yang greeted them respectfully with a bitter expression.
Powerhouse was also a title.
Just like the powerhouses on the Divine Kingdom Continent, the most powerful ones were at the Divine Sea Realm. Naturally, they had to be called Powerhouses of the Divine Sea Realm.
There were thousands of powerhouses in front of them …
…
On the top floor of the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes at this moment.
When Luo Zheng sensed the vision of the Great Wide World, he quickly captured the memory of Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie's memory was interrupted in the will of the Great Wide World less than a year ago because Ning Yudie had ascended at that time. She would not leave a memory imprint in this will. However, the moment she returned, Luo Zheng captured the memory of Ning Yudie again.
This memory was very short and only recorded the conversation between Ning Yudie and Liu Yang of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom after she entered the Great Wide World.

Chapter 1438
Luo Zheng had been worried that the ascension tunnel wouldn't lead to the distant seas, or even to the Sea God Continent.
Although Luo Zheng was a peak god realm cultivator, it would still take some time to cross the vast sea. If the pursuers caught up with him, he might not be able to save them in time.
On the Divine Kingdom Continent, the situation was much more optimistic.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng immediately notified Hua Tianming and the others.
Xi Youqin had returned early after making a trip to the Void Spirit Sect. Although she held a grudge against Ning Yudie, she was more concerned about Luo Zheng's mood. She knew that Luo Zheng needed help the most right now.
Hua Tianming, Xi Youqin, Ku Deng, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, and Ku Deng had been on standby, ready to depart at any time.
Now that Luo Zheng had called for them, they all responded in unison.
Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, on the other hand, looked hesitant. After a few days of recuperation, their injuries had completely healed, or even disappeared. The effects of the Thoughtless of the Gods were extraordinary.
The two of them didn't know why they'd come either. They seemed to have seen Ji Luoxue and the other Daoists come, so they followed …
But they didn't get along well with Luo Zheng, so how could they be willing to risk their lives for Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered with them. He'd already ordered someone to open a gap in the Abundant Light, and was about to fly out.
"Father! Father! Nian 'er wants to go too! "
Luo Nian ran out. He couldn't fly, so he stood on his tiptoes and waved his hands continuously.
"Nian 'er, just wait at home. Granny Yu, I'll have to trouble you!" Luo Zheng said seriously.
In truth, Luo Zheng believed that there was no place in the universe that was absolutely safe. The only safest place was the Immortal Abode. But seeing Luo Nian like this, it wouldn't be easy to stuff him into the Immortal Abode. He could only leave it to Granny Yu.
Although Granny Yu blamed Luo Zheng a lot, she could only try her best to coax Luo Nian.
Then, Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and flew away, followed by Hua Tianming, Xi Youqin, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
At this moment, Ji Luoxue had his hands behind his back and floated in front of Xuanyuan Chenfeng. He glanced at Lie Qianhan and Xuanyuan Chenfeng and then said indifferently, "Did you forget the orders of the Head Family?"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng knew what Ji Luoxue was referring to. He snorted coldly, "Hmph, you should have assisted me!"
Ji Luoxue shook his head. "Assist whoever takes first place. In the end, you still lost to him!"
"That's because I didn't use my full strength." Speaking of his defeat, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face still revealed a resentful expression. It could be seen how unwilling he was to lose at that time.
"A loss is a loss. Luo Zheng may not have done his best." Ji Luoxue smiled.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng curled his lips and let out a long sigh before standing up.
Lie Qianhan shook his head and looked as if he had seen a ghost. The three people from Gods Without Thought then followed him …
In a corner of the Cloud Cloud Hall, Red Maple and Pei Tianyao squatted down and looked at the streaks of light passing by in the sky.
"Luo Zheng, that guy, he didn't even want to meet us!" Red Maple looked slightly angry.
"Didn't Tianming say that? The Palace Master hasn't returned and he doesn't have the heart to meet guests. Not only did he not meet you, there were too many people who wanted to visit Luo Zheng, but he rejected them all. I think the Palace Master must be in danger. "Pei Tianyao said indifferently.
"If the Palace Master is in trouble, at least let us know. We can also help!" Red Maple was still a little unhappy.
Pei Tianyao smiled faintly. "Look at the strength of those guys. They are one level higher than the Divine Ocean Realm. They are Divine Ocean Realm warriors. If they called you, would you be helping or causing trouble?"
Red Maple curled his lips. He wanted to refute, but Pei Tianyao was right. The difference in strength was too big. What could he do if he went? Show off the Flower Escape Technique?
Red Maple's eyes were staring at the sky. He saw a streak of light suddenly stop. It was a little monk. The little monk seemed to have sensed something and looked at them.
Red Maple and Pei Tianyao were in a very remote corner. Normal people wouldn't notice them.
Red Maple also felt strange. He patted Pei Tianyao's shoulder and said: "Hey, where is your colleague? Why is he looking at us?"
"What do you mean my colleague!" Pei Tianyao's face showed a depressed expression.
"Haha, aren't you a reincarnated monk? He is still a monk …" Red Maple laughed.
Pei Tianyao's personality was gentle. He was not like when Hua Tianming was still alive. If Hua Tianming was ridiculed like this, Red Maple would definitely be in trouble.
"I don't know, but I also think that little monk is very special." Pei Tianyao was also a little puzzled.
The Buddhist sects in the Central Region were not flourishing. The few Buddhist sects there were only Third Grade sects. However, there were very few cultivation techniques in the Cloud Hall that were suitable for Pei Tianyao to cultivate. He also did not know that there was a powerful superpower in the universe, the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm!
The little monk who stopped in the air was naturally Ku Deng.
Ku Deng was about to follow Luo Zheng, but suddenly, he felt his Buddha's heart beating. A sense of intimacy suddenly rose. He felt strange. Turning his head, he saw Pei Tianyao.
Ku Deng's face showed a thoughtful expression. Seeing Luo Zheng's figure in the distance, he thought that they would not leave this place for a while. He should help Luo Zheng solve the problem first …
In the clear sky of the Central Domain, eight figures turned into a thin line and fled forward quickly!
Under the lead of Luo Zheng, they went all the way north …
The speed of these eight people was not slow. It didn't take long for them to cross the Central Domain and enter the Chaotic Astral Sea.
Looking at the omnipresent storm in the Star Sea, Luo Zheng paused for a while.
Directly crossing the storm, for Luo Zheng and the others, there was a certain risk. At least, they had to avoid the core of the Chaotic Astral Sea.
"Don't tell me we have to cross it directly." Lie Qianhan's eyes showed a trace of fear. The storm here had left a very deep impression on him …
In order to avoid the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea, the team of the Demi-Immortal Clan chose to go on the back side of the space.
But on the back side, they encountered the Shadow Clan, which was the Ancient Sorcerer Clan.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and immersed himself in his mind.
He saw that Ning Yudie seemed to have settled down in the Divine Kingdom and was resting. She didn't mean to leave immediately.
There was plenty of time …
"Follow me!"
Luo Zheng turned into a light and moved toward the northwest.
Although the Chaotic Astral Sea was terrifying, as long as they didn't get close to the core, they could take a detour and avoid the most powerful storm in the center.
Although the journey was longer, it was much safer …
Divine Kingdom Continent.
The thousands of core disciples of the Jade Pure Holy Land were settled in the huge imperial palace.
Most of them were focused on healing their injuries …
The Ancient Sorcerer Clan's fighting strength was not necessarily strong.
The key was that after killing a life form of this clan, they would be cursed. Those damned little skulls were like nightmares, entangling the martial artist until they died. There was no way to deal with them at all.
"Bang!"
Ninth Palace Master punched those little skulls and sent them flying away!
With the terrifying strength of a Divine Transformation Realm powerhouse, she could send those little skulls flying hundreds of thousands of feet.
Only now was she the most relaxed. Ninth Palace Master instantly took out two Zhen Yuanyu pills. After crushing them, she quickly swallowed them. Then, she took out three emerald green pills and swallowed them. Her complexion immediately recovered a lot.
"After resting, where do we go?" Ninth Palace Master asked.
As a Divine Transformation Realm powerhouse, Ninth Palace Master should make her own decision.
But facing those unsolvable existences of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan, she was also hesitant. She actually asked Ning Yudie instead.
When Ning Yudie suggested returning to the lower realms, Ninth Palace Master thought it was a very wise decision. With the universe in chaos, perhaps only the lower realms weren't affected.
But what was strange was that the Ancient Sorcerer Clan was actually chasing after them.
Ninth Palace Master was also puzzled. There shouldn't be anyone too important in their group, so why would they chase after them?
Moreover, the Ancient Sorcerer Clan appeared at a very strange time and place. When they just arrived at the Ascension Well, the Ancient Sorcerer Clan appeared. It was as if their original goal was to guard the Ascension Well.
Ning Yudie also shook her head, a blank look on her face. "I didn't expect that the Ancient Sorcerer Clan would suddenly appear at the Ascension Well. They shouldn't be trying to stop us."
"I think so too." Ninth Palace Master agreed with Ning Yudie's speculation. "Let's think about it another way. This Ancient Sorcerer Clan was originally guarding the Ascension Well. Then, there should be something important at the bottom of the Ascension Well."
The bottom of the Ascension Well was connected to the Ascension Passage, and the Ascension Passage was connected to the Great Thousand World below.
In other words, there should be something in the Great Thousand World that the Ancient Sorcerer Clan cared about.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1439
"I remember now. There seems to be an Ancient Witch Tribe in this Great Wide World," Ning Yudie said.
"No way." The Ninth Palace Master's gaze froze.
Ning Yudie said with certainty, "I heard my husband mention that he encountered the Ancient Witch Tribe twice here!"
"The hidden strength of the Ancient Witch Tribe is comparable to a large force. What's the point of hiding in this Great Wide World?" The Ninth Palace Master's expression became more and more unsightly.
Originally, the Ninth Palace Master had fled with Ning Yudie. Now, it seemed that they were involved in even greater trouble.
However, at that time, choosing to escape to the lower realm should be the only right choice.
What was worse was, what about the pursuers behind them?
After this rest, the Ninth Palace Master had recovered 70% of his strength, but the little skull could not be dispelled. What awaited him was still a slow death.
Unless a Celestial Venerable made a move, he would probably be able to save his life.
However, returning to the ascension passage and returning to the great world?
Not to mention whether the Ancient Witch Tribe in the Jade Pure Holy Land had been dealt with, if they returned directly through the ascension passage, they would eventually encounter the pursuers of the Ancient Witch Tribe.
In their current situation, they were in a dilemma!
"Let's take it one step at a time …"
Ning Yudie's expression was sour. She really wanted to return to the Cloud Hall to see Granny Yu and Nian 'er, whom she had been missing day and night.
However, at this moment, she had no choice.
In fact, when she was going against the flow of the ascension passage and facing a group of pursuers behind her, Ning Yudie had thought about this. The Great Wide World was only so big. If she led these Ancient Witch Tribe down, would it affect the Central Domain?
She could choose to retreat or even die in the ascension passage, but the Ninth Palace Master and the thousands of core disciples would not make such a sacrifice.
Her mind was in a mess. Ning Yudie did not know how to deal with it. All kinds of chaotic emotions attacked her heart.
She sat on the ground with her slender arms wrapped around her knees. She buried her head in her hands and could not help but tear up. Once again, she fell into a state of helplessness. There was no one she could rely on beside her.
Luo Zheng should still be in the upper realm …
All kinds of resources from the Divine Nation of Yu the Great were sent into the Imperial Palace.
Many of the precious materials were accumulated by the Great Yu Divine Nation over countless years. Some of them were even transferred from the other three Divine Nations. The other three Divine Nations also knew about this. Since they were all on the same continent, they couldn't escape.
Liu Yang's heart was bleeding as he sent these resources into the palace!
Ten-thousand-year-old Heavenly Fleeceflower Root, hundred-thousand-year-old Blood Moon Crystal, bundles of Three Sheng … These were all priceless treasures!
However, Liu Yang's mood quickly turned from gloomy to cheerful. None of the things he had sent in were good enough for the other party.
Only Miao Miao and a few others casually picked up some materials. Most of them picked them up and looked at them before tossing them aside.
Seeing this scene, he still felt a faint sense of loss … After all, these people were important figures from the Upper Realm. If he could build a good relationship with them, he might be able to benefit from it after he ascended in the future.
However, Liu Yang did not know that the Great Thousand World's Ascension Passage was not only connected to one large world. Even if he ascended in the future, the probability of entering the Jade Pure Holy Land was quite small.
Ninth Palace Master sat on a high platform and looked down at the core disciples who were resting. His face suddenly flashed with a touch of determination.
After all, he was one of the top figures in the Jade Pure Holy Land. He would not sit and wait for death!
Ninth Palace Master suddenly stood up and shouted, "Everyone!"
All the core disciples focused their gazes on Ninth Palace Master.
To be able to become a core disciple of the Jade Pure Holy Land, one's talent and background were not too low. Some of the disciples' backgrounds were probably even more powerful than Ninth Palace Master's. However, at this moment, everyone was trapped in this situation. They could only see Ninth Palace Master as their guide.
"The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe is not as powerful as we thought," Ninth Palace Master said loudly.
Everyone looked puzzled. They all knew what Ninth Palace Master said. The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was not very powerful in terms of strength. A Divine Sea Realm warrior could easily kill them.
They did not know what method the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe used. When a living creature was killed, it would only produce a murderous aura. The murderous aura was the curse of the living creature after its death.
However, the curse of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe after they died was the little skull that could not be removed. That thing was like an incurable disease. As long as they were entangled by the little skull, there was no way they could survive.
"We need a group of men of sacrifice to kill the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe! Only then can the others survive! "Ninth Palace Master said again," Those who are willing to be men of sacrifice can stand up! "
The lush square in the imperial palace was suddenly silent.
The plan that Ninth Palace Master proposed had been discussed before.
These core disciples were generally younger. Previously, there were so many people in the underground palace who were swallowed alive by the little skull. The scene of them being bitten into pieces was still vivid in their minds.
They were all frightened ….
In their hearts, killing the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was equivalent to suicide!
Therefore, on the way down from the Ascension Passage, no one was willing to attack the terrifying creatures of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
In the end, Ninth Palace Master took action and temporarily sealed those things so that they could escape.
But now?
If no one chose to sacrifice themselves, everyone would have to die.
Perhaps Ninth Palace Master's attitude had infected some people, or perhaps they were really at their wits' end.
After a moment of silence, someone finally walked up to the high platform and stood beside Ninth Palace Master.
It was a cultivator in a black robe.
Ninth Palace Master walked up and gave that cultivator a hug.
He was an elite of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground and was also a core disciple to be nurtured. But now, he was going to become a man of sacrifice …
The second …
The third …
Gradually, more and more cultivators walked up to the high platform.
In the end, there were more than three hundred people gathered beside Ninth Palace Master!
The remaining seven hundred people on the square also had conflicted expressions. Everyone had a different understanding of life, so it was not easy to make this decision.
Ninth Palace Master did not insist. Furthermore, he only wanted to protect a portion of the cultivators.
"Enough! Three hundred people are enough! " Ninth Palace Master said, "Listen to my orders. I will set up the Vast Sky Demon Purging Array. You only need to guard the three hundred array cores …"
One could imagine that most of the pressure for this counterattack would be on Ninth Palace Master. Ninth Palace Master would bear the majority of the curse of the ancient sorcerer race.
Then, the Ninth Palace Master told the core disciples about how to set up the Matrix and how to guard the Matrix's Eye. These people came from the Jade Pure Holy Land. The Matrix that the Ninth Palace Master had set up was of the same origin as the Jade Pure Holy Land's inheritance. These people understood it very quickly.
When Ning Yudie saw this aura, she had a whole new level of respect for these cultivators. Although these cultivators were core disciples, they were not considered dazzling in the universe. But in a desperate situation, the power that erupted was not ordinary. This was also the power of human nature.
If they could snipe the ancient sorcerer race here, it would be the best result.
At this moment, in the four Divine Kingdoms, everyone was also in a state of panic.
The upper echelons of the Divine Kingdoms all understood what had happened. This group of experts who came out of nowhere seemed to have attracted a lot of trouble.
But they did not have the slightest room to resist. They could not chase this group of people away, right? Who would dare to open their mouth?
Just like that, twelve hours passed!
Twelve hours later, another huge crack appeared in the sky!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
From that crack, many small black spots appeared again …
Those small black spots fell rapidly from the sky, and the black spots began to grow bigger and bigger.
Some citizens of the Divine Kingdoms also looked up at the sky curiously. Soon, they realized that the things that were falling were actually huge skulls!
"Boom!"
The huge skulls dragged a black lightning bolt and smashed into the ground, creating a deep pit in the ground!
Then, one by one, bony black shadows crawled out of the skull!
Around the skulls, there were many cultivators of the Divine Kingdoms. When the cultivators saw this scene, they did not even dare to breathe loudly. The terrifying appearance of these creatures had already made them feel like their guts were being torn apart!
Strangely enough, these ancient sorcerers did not even look at the cultivators. They just headed straight for the palace of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom!
Their target seemed to be only the people of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground. They had no interest in the Divine Kingdom's mainland!
"They're here." Ninth Palace Master was already standing at the top of the Great Yu Imperial Palace. He clapped his hands hard, and the blazing white power of space drew out horizontal and vertical lines that spread out around him.

Chapter 1440
Ning Yudie and the remaining 700 core disciples retreated to the depths of the palace.
The Ninth Palace Master had already told Ning Yudie in private that his mission was to protect Ning Yudie's life. If he could not stop the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe this time, he hoped that Ning Yudie would be able to escape on her own.
These words touched Ning Yudie's heart. She was not particularly familiar with the Ninth Palace Master.
The Ninth Palace Master protected her with his life only because of the Jade Pure Sacred Master's order.
He was a loyal person. This time, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had descended, and the entire Jade Pure Sacred Ground would probably cease to exist. The Ninth Palace Master must have seen this more clearly than she did.
Giant skulls were constantly smashing down near the Imperial City of the Great Yu Kingdom.
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was not very interested in the warriors of the Great Thousand World, so there was no large-scale massacre. Only a few unlucky ones were directly smashed to death by the giant skulls.
Those craggy black shadows left the skull and gathered towards the Imperial Palace.
Liu Yang had already evacuated the royal disciples from the Imperial City. At this moment, he was floating high up in the sky, overlooking the entire Imperial City of the Great Yu Kingdom.
"What … what kind of monsters are they …"
Those horrifying monsters moved forward in all kinds of strange postures, forming a black tide that surrounded the Imperial City from all directions.
This scene made Liu Yang worried.
The only thing that made him feel slightly relieved was that these monsters were all heading straight for the Imperial City. Their target was obviously Ning Yudie and the rest, and they did not harm his subjects.
This made Liu Yang have a trace of fantasy in his heart. He hoped that these monsters would leave obediently after killing the warriors!
"Here they come!"
The Ninth Palace Master, who was sitting in the middle, suddenly shouted!
The seven blazing white cone-shaped crystals that were neatly placed in front of him suddenly exploded!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The entire Demon Purging Vast Sky Array suddenly emitted a blazing white light.
The white light flowed out according to the layout of the Imperial City's walls, decorating the entire Imperial City like a dream!
The 300 Divine Sea Realm warriors stood in their respective positions and released their Vital Essence at the same time. Their aura suddenly became stronger!
Facing the first wave of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, the Ninth Palace Master stretched out his hand and clapped!
"Kacha!"
A violent wave was released from the center of the Vast Sky Demon Purging Formation, which was in front of the Ninth Palace Master!
This fluctuation came from the folding of space!
The Vast Sky Clear Devil Array was an array that used spatial laws to set up. As the controller of the array, the Ninth Palace Master's current strength was comparable to a Sector Lord!
Spatial Folding was able to fold the space of ten feet into a space of one foot!
Under such pressure, everything within the space would be deformed and destroyed ….
From a visual point of view, it looked like a door that was constantly being squeezed forward. The door swept past the palace's courtyard wall, and the entire courtyard wall was instantly squeezed. Its volume also began to shrink rapidly. The originally half-meter wide wall was reduced to the thickness of a "pancake"!
This scene was very strange. Although it was a thin pancake, because it was extremely compressed, it became very sturdy. It was still a wall, but it had become thinner …
The walls of the courtyard were inanimate objects. Even if they were squeezed, they would only deform. However, it was different for living things.
The neatly arranged greenery in the palace was directly squeezed into a ball of green liquid that flowed all over the ground. The trees, on the other hand, were turned into pieces of strangely shaped planks that collapsed on the ground.
As for the ancient witch race …
Under the pressure, they were all torn into pieces. In the end, they became a black piece of paper that laid on the ground. It was as if a huge monster had stepped on them, and they were flattened very "evenly".
Since they had become like this, these ancient witch race beings were definitely dead.
However, the three hundred death warriors and the Ninth Palace Master didn't have any excitement on their faces. Killing the ancient witch race wasn't difficult. The troublesome part was their curse.
"Cough cough cough …"
As expected, small skulls began to appear on their flattened bodies. Their lower jaws were constantly vibrating as they charged towards the Ninth Palace Master!
The warriors present weren't cowards. If a normal skull was placed in front of them, they wouldn't even blink. However, these dozen small skulls, in their eyes, were like evil spirits that wanted to take their lives!
"Scram!"
The Ninth Palace Master had already thrown caution to the wind. At this moment, he was full of vigor!
Borrowing the power of the Vast Sky Clear Devil Array, he sent out another palm strike. After all, after the Vast Sky Clear Devil Array was set up, his strength was comparable to a Sector Lord!
He wanted to see if he could borrow this array to get rid of the small skulls!
That space squeezing force once again covered the small skulls.
"Kacha, kacha …"
Under the pressure of space, the sound of explosions was very crisp.
Everyone saw that around the small skulls, there were many small cracks. Those were the cracks of space.
This space didn't crush the small skulls. Instead, cracks appeared in the space itself …
"No …"
Perhaps she had foreseen this, but the ninth palace master's expression did not change at all. With a backhand slap, she sent the dozen or so small skulls flying. Her gaze focused on the front again, and even more Shamans surged over!
"Kill!"
The Ninth Palace Master waved his hand and sent out another two waves of folded space ripples!
This Vast Sky Clear Devil Array was a converging array. The 300 Divine Sea Realm warriors at the center of the array only needed to distribute their vital essence according to the Ninth Palace Master's instructions.
The biggest weakness of this Vast Sky Clear Devil Array was the Ninth Palace Master himself. As long as he didn't fall, then the entire array would be locked in space. The 300 Divine Sea Realm warriors who were spread out would be relatively safer!
"Kacha, kacha …"
Waves of cracking sounds rang out again!
The witch race people who dared to rush in were all compressed into a thin piece of black paper. They were stacked on the ground piece by piece, forming all kinds of strange shapes!
However, every single dead Shaman would turn into a small skull and fly towards him!
Although those small skulls were sent flying by the Ninth Palace Master's slap, no matter how far they flew, the small skulls would persevere and return.
The more witch race people died, the more small skulls there were!
In the first and second waves, there were already forty-five little skulls gathered together …
As the Ninth Palace Master killed more and more witch race people, the number of small skulls also began to increase rapidly!
Not long after, there were more than a hundred small skulls flying around in the air!
The Ninth Palace Master could still handle such a number.
However, after an hour, there were already thousands of small skulls gathered in the air!
These small skulls were like garbage in the sea. They gathered and intertwined with each other. "Cough, cough, cough" sounds were very dense. One look at it would make one's scalp tingle!
Most of the small skulls were biting at the Ninth Palace Master. There were also some small skulls that bit at the blazing white array pattern outside the Vast Demon Purging Array that was formed by the spatial laws …
Although the 300 Divine Sea Realm warriors knew that they were going to die, when they saw so many small skulls, their faces turned pale.
Some people's array cores were located closer to the outside. Those small skulls were very close to them. Although the Ninth Palace Master had said that as long as he did not fall, these small skulls would not be able to break the array, they still could not help but panic!
Fortunately, this array did not require them to do too much. They only needed to release their Vital Essence according to the set rhythm. If it was another array that required cooperation, it would have collapsed long ago and then been broken!
However, as these small skulls bit, they were also constantly consuming the Vital Essence in the Vast Demon Purging Array. Everyone felt that the Ninth Palace Master was crazily extracting the Vital Essence in their bodies! At this rate, it would not be long before their Vital Essence seas were dried up!
"Pa!"
"Pa!"
"Pa …"
There were warriors constantly crushing Zhen Yuanyu in their hands to replenish their Vital Essence.
As the number of small skulls increased, their bites became more and more powerful. Their Vital Essence was being consumed faster and faster. This Vast Demon Purging Array would eventually be destroyed by those small skulls!
After an hour, there were tens of thousands of small skulls gathered in front of everyone. These small skulls danced in the air and covered the sky. They were slapped away by the Ninth Palace Master, but like maggots, they swooped down again and continued to bite at the Vast Demon Purging Array …
"I … can't go on!"
A core disciple looked extremely weak. He sat down on the ground. The Spirit Sea in his body was still dried up.
"I don't have any Zhen Yuanyu!" Another warrior quit.
Every time a warrior fell, the burden on the other warriors would increase. The Vital Essence was being extracted at a faster rate. The Ninth Palace Master's face was getting uglier and uglier.
As long as the Vast Demon Purging Array collapsed, everyone would be bitten into a pile of meat by these small skulls in a short period of time.
"Is resistance futile in the end?"
Seeing the waves of skeletons, the Ninth Palace Master's heart sank. If this continued, then in less than an incense stick of time, everyone's Vital Essence would be sucked dry!
At this moment, the group of core disciples that had been hiding in the depths of the Imperial Palace appeared behind the Vast Demon Purging Array.
"Ninth Palace Master, there's still us!" Ning Yudie's voice suddenly sounded out. On that incomparably beautiful face, all the helplessness and sadness had disappeared. Instead, it was replaced with a resolute look.

Chapter 1441
Now, the entire Demon Purging Array was under immense pressure.
More and more warriors were running out of Vital Essence, but the Ninth Palace Master had no way out.
As long as the Demon Purging Array collapsed, all the little skulls would rush in and tear everyone to pieces!
"Go!"
The Ninth Palace Master said coldly.
Any more resistance was futile.
Although Ning Yudie had brought seven hundred warriors to help, the Vital Essence in her body would eventually be exhausted. The final result was still unchangeable. The array would still shatter and people would die …
However, the Ninth Palace Master had no idea where Ning Yudie could escape to.
Perhaps the purpose of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was to capture all the visitors from the Upper Realm in one fell swoop. After all, Ning Yudie had nowhere to run in this Great Thousand World.
"Where should I go?" Ning Yudie asked.
She was thinking the same thing as the Ninth Palace Master. Since there was no way to escape, escaping now would only be a matter of time. Furthermore, Ning Yudie had another layer of worry. She was afraid of bringing disaster to the Central Domain. She was afraid that she would not be able to resist returning to the Cloud Hall …
The Ninth Palace Master was silent. Finally, a bitter smile appeared on his face. "Fine!"
After he finished speaking, he waved his hand and a series of white lines appeared behind him, forming a square that enveloped Ning Yudie. As the square continued to expand, the remaining seven hundred or so people were also enveloped in it one by one!
"I need your Vital Essence!"
The Ninth Palace Master roared!
All the warriors, including Ning Yudie, could feel their Vital Essence surging. The roaring Vital Essence swept out and followed the spatial patterns of the Demon Purging Array to gather on the Ninth Palace Master's body!
The Demon Purging Array that was on the verge of exhaustion regained its initial vitality!
Some of the spatial patterns had already been bitten by the little skulls. As the Vital Essence flowed, those gaps began to fill up and the little skulls were pushed out!
"Die!"
The Ninth Palace Master snorted and struck out with his palm again!
Since he was going to die anyway, he might as well kill to his heart's content!
High up in the sky, Liu Yang was dumbstruck by this scene …
Liu Yang wasn't the only one who saw this scene. The Monarchs of the other three Divine Kingdoms, including the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom and the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, also came over. They were also paying close attention to the battle in the palace. They also had a lot of worries in their hearts. After all, this disaster happened on the Divine Kingdom Continent.
"How strong is that person in the formation?"
"Our Divine Kingdom Continent doesn't have a high-level Space Law stone tablet for cultivation, but there are records of the high-level Space Law! Spatial folding is at the eighth to ninth level of the Laws of Space! "
"Is this person the legendary Sector Lord?"
After all, the four Holy Kingdoms had dealings with the Upper Realm. The esoteric religion that drew faith from the Deities' No Thoughts was also distributed in the Holy Kingdom's mainland, so they had heard of the Upper Realm.
"I'm afraid so …"
"If even the Realm Lord is being hunted down, what exactly happened in the Upper Realm?"
The monarchs were also extremely shocked.
However, their guess of the Ninth Palace Master's cultivation was wrong.
The Ninth Palace Master himself didn't have the ability to control spatial folding. He relied on the Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation to use this method. However, his current strength was comparable to a Sector Lord, so he could keep so many small skulls outside. However, this strength relied on the Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation, and the Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation relied on many Divine Ocean Realm warriors, so it was destined to be unsustainable.
As more and more people died, more and more small skulls were produced …
This large swarm of small skulls flew everywhere. As long as they got close to the Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation, they would open their jaws and begin to crazily bite!
"My vital essence is depleting so quickly …" Ning Yudie also frowned.
The True Essence Sea in her body began to drop at a visible speed.
Ning Yudie's strength wasn't considered strong. The vital essence in her Divine Ocean was less than that of the core disciples of the Jade Pure Holy Ground.
However, Ning Yudie's situation was terrible, but the other warriors weren't any better. After all, the number of small skulls had almost doubled, and the pressure on the Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation had doubled!
After only holding on for an hour, many warriors' vital essence had been depleted by more than half.
Some warriors tried to meditate on the spot and absorb the vital essence of heaven and earth for their own use. However, the vital essence of heaven and earth in the Lower Realm was far inferior to that of the Upper Realm. Moreover, even in the Upper Realm, this absorption was far from enough. Unless they all had an unlimited amount of Zhen Yuanyu in their hands, it was only possible to maintain the balance under the crazy replenishment.
Another hour had passed!
The number of small skulls piled up in front of everyone was no less than thirty to forty thousand!
The sea of small skulls were like swords floating above everyone's heads. Once their vital essence was exhausted, these small skulls would come crashing down and they would all die without a grave!
Ning Yudie silently crushed a top grade true essence stone. If even Zhen Yuanyu couldn't replenish her vital essence, then there was no need to mention these true essence stones. Absorbing them into her body was only a drop in the ocean. Her vital essence sea had already been completely dried up.
It wasn't just Ning Yudie, but all the Divine Sea realm martial artists' Divine Seas had also dried up …
Everyone's eyes turned towards Ninth Palace Master.
Ninth Palace Master bitterly smiled …
As a Divine Transformation realm martial artist, his inner world had already produced a massive number of living beings. He even had a small Divine Kingdom, and within this Divine Kingdom were several third-grade Holy Lands with countless living beings.
Just now, a massive disaster had erupted within his inner world …
All living beings were cruelly torn apart by him, returning to their vital essence!
All the houses, buildings, roads, lakes, and all sorts of wolves, snakes, tigers, leopards, and vicious beasts within his inner world weren't spared.
Some False Tribulation realm and Life and Death realm martial artists were also returned to their vital essence.
These living beings were deeply unwilling. They didn't know what was happening outside their inner world, nor did they know that the master of this inner world was experiencing a life or death crisis, so they could only be sacrificed one by one.
Some people had created living beings within their inner worlds and would even develop feelings for them.
For instance, when Ninth Palace Master was roaming his inner world, he had once taken in a disciple. With the support of Ninth Palace Master, that disciple had created a powerful force within his inner world …
Everything would be destroyed and returned to the purest form of vital essence!
These living beings couldn't resist because Ninth Palace Master was their god …
Ninth Palace Master didn't want to go to this step, but he had no other choice. When his vital essence was consumed to the extreme, Ninth Palace Master knew that there was no need to continue.
Kacha …
With a loud sound, there was a loud noise.
A massive crack appeared in the runes of the Vast Sky Purging Demon Array!
Seeing this, the other small skulls swarmed into the crack!
"Scram!"
Almost exhausting his last bit of vital essence, Ninth Palace Master sent out a palm strike, sending those small skulls flying. However, even more small skulls continued to pour in.
Everyone's faces were filled with despair.
At this moment, Ning Yudie's expression was abnormally calm.
She had many worries in her heart: Nian 'er, Granny Yu, the Cloud Hall …
However, her greatest concern was still her husband.
Perhaps she shouldn't have run around and should have obediently waited for Luo Zheng in the Great Thousand World, waiting for his return.
With her husband's ability, he would return to the Cloud Hall one day. It had only been six or seven years, which was equivalent to a month for a mortal.
Regret was useless. She gently tied her hair up and looked at the Vast Sky Purging Demon Array that was constantly falling apart. The small skulls that were like clouds were overturning everyone.
Everyone's expression was very calm.
Their vital essence had been squeezed to the last bit to be able to persist until now. Now, they couldn't run even if they wanted to.
They didn't expect that after more than half a month of escaping, their fate would end here. Their hearts were filled with helplessness …
A month ago, the Jade Pure Sacred Land was still thriving. In the blink of an eye, so many calamities had erupted in the universe. Everyone could only sigh in their hearts. The affairs of the world were unpredictable.
The crack on the runes grew larger and larger, and more and more small skulls poured in. They had already begun to attack Ninth Palace Master!
Ninth Palace Master was dead, and all the runes would collapse. There was no way for them to survive.
However, at this moment …
A sharp cry suddenly sounded in everyone's ears!
Whoosh!
That sword light, mixed with a terrifying aura, shot straight from the horizon!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1442
As this sword shot out, the power it contained was terrifying!
The sword aura converged and then suddenly exploded. All the little skulls were instantly blasted away and splattered in all directions.
Ninth Palace Master could also do this, especially after relying on the Vast Demon Purging Array. His strength was comparable to a World Lord's and he could even send the little skulls flying far away.
But in the end, he wasn't able to destroy these little skulls. Thus, as these little skulls flew back and forth, more and more began to accumulate …
"Reinforcements?"
Ninth Palace Master had already given up. He looked up towards the horizon. The might of that sword just now was comparable to a Divine Transformation realm powerhouse. It was absolutely not something that a life form of this boundless universe could erupt with!
Everyone raised their heads and saw eight streaks of light rapidly approaching from the horizon!
Woosh!
As the little skulls gathered together, a second sword broke through the air.
The sword light drew a straight line through the air, emitting a dazzling radiance as it destroyed the little skulls once more!
Ning Yudie looked up at the skies. When she saw who the leader was, her eyes flashed with a dazzling light as tears began to well up in her eyes …
She had imagined that Luo Zheng would suddenly appear in front of her like a heavenly general, saving her from her current predicament.
But the universe was so vast, so how could Luo Zheng know that she was in danger?
Thus, Ning Yudie secretly laughed at herself. This was nothing more than her own wishful thinking.
Luo Zheng wasn't a True Divinity that could be everywhere and dominate everything …
But in the end, he had still appeared. In her moment of near despair!
Ning Yudie didn't know whether or not Luo Zheng could deal with these little skulls. But, she felt that since Luo Zheng appeared here, he would definitely find a solution. This sort of trust was unconditional. Let alone trust, in her opinion, to be able to meet Luo Zheng now, even if she were to perish in the next moment, it would be worth it. In the end, she would be able to resolve all of her yearning for him.
The eight beams of light instantly arrived above the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's imperial palace and began to rapidly descend.
The Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms had naturally noticed the huge commotion on the other side, but they couldn't figure out how these people had appeared. Could it be that they didn't take the Ascension Passage?
Ninth Palace Master looked at the eight youths in front of her with a complicated expression.
All the core disciples present had complicated expressions on their faces …
These core disciples had all participated in the challenge of the Illusory Battlefield. After being eliminated, they had also watched the last 300 people fight in the picture scroll.
These people in front of them were born in the same era as them, and were even at the same level as these core disciples, but their true strength was as different as heaven and earth.
These eight people were the Daoists who had shocked the world in the Illusory Battlefield. They were also known as the main characters of this worst era, and they were also the hope to survive this crisis! She was the object of many Empyreans' protection.
Now that they had all appeared here, the shock in their hearts was obvious!
Boom!
Luo Zheng smashed into the ground. The Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword in his hand suddenly slashed out, sword qi crisscrossing!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The sword aura of the Guiyuan Yi Divine Sword was forcibly stimulated by Luo Zheng. Like a group of golden-gray hedgehogs, it spread towards the surroundings!
Some of the small skulls were instantly pushed tens of thousands of feet away. Even if they flew back, it would take a long time …
However, these small skulls were indeed difficult to deal with. Luo Zheng only knocked away some of them. Most of the small skulls were still rushing towards Ninth Palace Master!
"Glory of the Stars!"
Luo Zheng almost didn't hesitate at all. Starlight flashed all over his body, and the intense starlight exploded again!
The powerful shockwave even made many of the core disciples of the Jade Pure Sacred Ground lose their balance. In the end, they were thrown up two to three meters high and heavily fell to the ground … However, for a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, this little bit of impact was nothing. The stronger Luo Zheng displayed his strength, the greater their chances of being rescued.
Tens of thousands of Little Skulls once again shot out in all directions. The powerful impact exerted on the Little Skulls had turned them into deadly weapons. The Little Skulls that were shot towards the sky were still fine. They merely streaked across the sky and were pushed quite a distance away.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
The rulers were originally watching the battle in the sky. At this moment, when they saw the small skulls rushing towards them, they hurriedly dodged!
A considerable number of small skulls were shot out horizontally and hit the buildings around the imperial palace, instantly turning those buildings into sieves.
Many magnificent buildings and exquisite royal statues were shattered one after another!
The troublesome thing was that although these small skulls were knocked away, after their strength was exhausted, they all turned around and gathered again.
In the Illusory Battlefield, Luo Zheng had once suffered from these small skulls. At that time, Luo Zheng carried hundreds of small skulls on his back. They all looked very frightening. Luo Zheng had tried all kinds of methods, but he still couldn't get rid of these small skulls.
"Brother Tianming!" Luo Zheng looked towards Hua Tianming.
Along the way, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had discussed and taken these small skulls into consideration.
Just like Ji Luoxue, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the others more or less knew that the most troublesome thing about these creatures that lived in the shadows was their curses … Even some Celestial Venerables didn't have a good way to deal with them.
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming revealed a relaxed expression and only said that those curses could be dealt with by him.
Everyone's gazes fell on Hua Tianming.
They saw Hua Tianming suddenly pull out his Sword Tengshe and casually throw it, stabbing it into the ground.
Whoosh, whoosh …
A dazzling light surrounded the Sword Tengshe!
As the light continued to spiral, it began to rapidly spread to the surroundings, instantly enveloping the entire imperial palace …
Not all of the small skulls were shaken away by Luo Zheng. An extremely small number of small skulls had even broken through the Vast Sky Demon Purging Array and were biting the nine palace masters and some core disciples. Their true essence had been exhausted, and they were unable to resist at this moment. They could only allow these small skulls to bite them.
However, when the light spread, all of the small skulls began to act strangely.
The small skulls, which were originally abnormally fierce, now looked as if they were drunk. With Hua Tianming's sword as the center, they slowly circled around the light!
The small skulls that were blown away by Luo Zheng also turned back. However, once they entered the imperial palace, they couldn't help but circle around the Sword Tengshe …
Thus, from a bird's eye view, one could see a large group of small skulls forming a vortex, spinning in the same direction.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, and Ji Luoxue were all people who were used to seeing the world, but when they saw Hua Tianming's methods, they were all extremely surprised.
"Brother Tianming, how did you do it?" Ji Luoxue couldn't help but ask curiously.
She originally thought that if Hua Tianming couldn't deal with these small skulls, she could use the Five Element Shield. With the strength of these small skulls, it would take eight to ten years to bite through her Five Element Shield …
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming stabbed his sword into the ground and made these small skulls dizzy.
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "Tengshe dispelled the curse. The Sword Tengshe is originally able to dispel all curses in the world. Even the evil aura on your body can be dispelled with one strike."
"But if these small skulls aren't destroyed, they will ultimately be a hidden danger," Ji Luoxue asked. She remembered that a small skull hung on a certain Heavenly Venerate's body for a full three years before disappearing on its own.
Hua Tianming smiled confidently and said, "Don't worry. You will know how to dispel the curse in a while."
Seeing that Hua Tianming was so confident, the other Dao Disciples didn't need to make a move.
After the Ninth Palace Master got up, she slowly walked over. Before she could open her mouth to thank him, a graceful figure stepped lightly on the air and flew over.
Ning Yudie's vital essence was almost depleted. Even flying in the air was very difficult. In the end, her petite body directly fell towards Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng opened his arms and tightly hugged this warm, fragrant, and soft jade. The sound of her sobbing could be heard by his ears.
In the past, Ning Yudie wasn't afraid of death. As a martial artist, since she had the courage to go against the heavens to cultivate, she also had to have the awareness to face death.
When she took control of the Cloud Hall and oversaw the overall situation, she had already cast everything aside.

Chapter 1443
Many of the core disciples were speechless as they looked at the little skulls circling around.
Even the Ninth Palace Master was unable to resist the curse, yet they were able to deal with it so easily?
On second thought, perhaps this was normal.
The strength of these people could no longer be measured by cultivation base. Moreover, they all stood at a higher position, so the scene they saw was naturally very different from that of ordinary martial artists …
Xi Youqin looked at Ning Yudie in Luo Zheng's arms and was quite unhappy.
Helping Luo Zheng was an inevitable choice for Xi Youqin, but no matter how she looked at this scene, she felt extremely stifled.
After hugging for a long time, Luo Zheng slowly put Ning Yudie down.
Meeting again after seven years, the two of them wanted to confide in each other, but they couldn't find anything to talk about.
In the end, it was Ning Yudie who spoke first. "You … have seen Nian 'er?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Is he okay?" Ning Yudie hadn't ascended for long, but she couldn't let go of Luo Nian.
"En, we can go back to the Cloud Hall," Luo Zheng said with a smile. After Ning Yudie returned, he would bring all the important people around him into Immortal Mansion. Now that the universe was in turmoil, that Immortal Mansion was almost absolutely safe.
"But these little skulls …" Ning Yudie pointed.
Those little skulls were still circling slowly, as if a sea of skulls was constantly rotating above everyone's heads.
"I'll leave it to Brother Tianming," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hua Tianming nodded slightly. With a flip of his finger, a special sound suddenly came from the long sword.
"Hiss …"
It was the snake language.
At this moment, everyone saw a thin black line in the whirlpool!
These black lines were connected to the skulls on one end and the martial artists on the other end. Most of the black lines in the little skulls were connected to the Ninth Palace Master!
Although Hua Tianming didn't explain, everyone understood that the curse of these little skulls was targeted at the Ninth Palace Master.
As for the other core disciples, there were several thin black lines on their bodies, and the ends of the thin lines were all connected to small skulls …
Even Ning Yudie had two black lines on her face.
"This is a curse chain … Curses are a very special form of attack. Under certain circumstances, if the curse cannot be broken, these things cannot be destroyed," Hua Tianming explained.
These powerful curses came from the Sorcery of the Divine Domain. Almost no one in the universe could remove them. Or rather, the process of removing them was quite troublesome.
Thus, when some Empyreans were struck by this curse, they couldn't be bothered to undo it. They could only carry these little skulls on their backs and run around. After two or three years, these little skulls would disappear on their own.
However, Sector Lords would feel some pressure carrying these small skulls. As for Third Transformation Divine Realm warriors, they would most likely die if they encountered such a curse.
Thus, regardless of whether they were strong or weak, the warriors in the universe would take a detour when they encountered the Shadow Clan, which was also the Ancient Sorcerer Clan.
"You just have to cut them. These curse chains are actually very easy to break," Hua Tianming said calmly. Then, he reached out and flicked his finger lightly. One of the black lines quietly broke, as fragile as a strand of hair.
After that black line broke, countless cracks suddenly appeared on the surface of the little skulls on the other end. Then, they turned into black powder and began to slowly dissipate …
Hua Tianming didn't explain too much. It wasn't easy to make a curse chain manifest. It was just that the Divine Dao of Curses among the 3,000 Divine Daos of the Divine Dao of Curses in the Divine Dao of Curses in the Divine Dao of Curses.
However, this Dao had begun to decline after Tengshe removed the curse. This Tengshe was the nemesis of curses.
Previously, everyone didn't dare to make a move. Who knew what would happen if they broke these curse chains? After seeing Hua Tianming make a move, everyone also quickly cut off the curse chains on their bodies. Everyone was extremely disgusted with these little skulls!
One by one, the curse chains broke. One by one, the little skulls turned into powder and dissipated …
The most exaggerated one was Ninth Palace Master. The black lines on his body were really like hair. There were about twenty to thirty thousand of them. If one didn't look carefully, they would think that he was a monster covered in black hair!
A square-shaped spatial crystal wall slowly appeared around Ninth Palace Master's body and enveloped him within it. The spatial crystal wall directly cut off all the curse chains around him ….
In an instant, twenty to thirty thousand little skulls dissipated.
At that moment, Ninth Palace Master took a deep breath and stepped forward. He cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and the others. "Thank you for saving my life!"
"Don't stand on ceremony. If it weren't for your help, my wife probably wouldn't have survived until now." Luo Zheng also cupped his hands towards Ninth Palace Master. He really did have to thank Ninth Palace Master.
Although Luo Zheng had rushed over to the Kingdom of God the moment Ning Yudie appeared, without Ninth Palace Master's Demon Purging Vast Sky Formation, they probably wouldn't have lasted until now.
"Have all the Shadow Clan been eliminated?" Ji Luoxue looked around.
Now, it seemed that there was nothing for them to do.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At that moment, a few more figures shot over.
The leader was the King of Dayu Kingdom, Liu Yang. Behind him were the other three kings.
Liu Yang greeted Luo Zheng eagerly. Back then, Liu Yang was only one of the many princes in the Kingdom of Dayu, but he had seen Luo Zheng before.
At that moment, Liu Yang was worried that this group of people wouldn't leave. After all, he was the king of the Kingdom of God. He couldn't let them take over his territory. However, thinking about it carefully, they didn't seem to care about the Kingdom of God's resources. This time, they were just probing.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands at that person. As for the others, they didn't even look at these kings. These kings were considered important in the Kingdom of God, but in the Upper Realm, they weren't even qualified to become a core disciple of a Holy Land.
After this crisis was resolved, everyone discussed what to do next.
The core disciples present naturally hoped to return to the Jade Pure Holy Land. However, no one knew the current situation of the Jade Pure Holy Land.
This problem wasn't difficult to solve. Luo Zheng and the others could use the Teleportation Token to return to the Upper Realm. After asking about the situation, they could inform them …
However, while they were discussing, a strange tower was built in the endless shadows on the other side of the world!
In the darkness, this tower emitted a strange green light. The location of this tower was at the core of the Chaotic Astral Ocean!
Below this tower, there were thousands of giant skulls floating. They seemed to be discussing something.
From their standpoint, these giant skulls seemed to belong to two groups of people.
Although they were both members of the Shadow Clan, one group had been hiding in this boundless world. The other group had chased after Palace Master Jiu's group through the ascension passage before entering this boundless world.
And the leaders of these two groups were impressively two Great Shamans!
"Dahe, what are you doing? You actually allowed so many rats to escape to the most crucial place!" A Great Shaman coldly said.
The Great Shaman called Dahe shook his head. He seemed to be in a very bad mood. "Humph! When they wanted to enter the boundless world, I began to block them. I did my best! "
"The other side only had one Divine Transformation realm martial artist. If you acted alone, you could have caught them all in one fell swoop. Yet, you allowed them to escape to such an important place. You want to talk to me about doing your best?" The Great Shaman coldly said.
Dahe shook his head. "At that time, there seemed to be an Empyrean spying on me. If I had acted personally, I'm afraid I would have attracted the attention of those Empyreans. I could only let that little fellow do it …"
"It's true. If the plan had succeeded, it would have greatly sped up the process! Don't you know how important this place is to our Ancient Shaman Race? But now, such a variable has appeared! "The Great Shaman still said angrily.
Dahe sighed again. "Then what do you think we should do now?"
"What kind of force do those eight newcomers belong to?" The Great Shaman asked.
Dahe shook his head. "If you don't know, how would I know? But for a group of Divine Peak realm juniors to have such strength and even be able to cut the curse chain, their background is definitely not small. "
The Great Shaman thought for a while and said, "If they are willing to leave obediently, don't find trouble with them! Everything will proceed according to the plan. If those fellows make any movements and dare to advance into the Chaotic Astral Ocean, kill them in the shortest time possible! Don't return to the Upper Realm for the time being. “
Dahe nodded …
Dahe was one of the Great Shamans who led the Ancient Shaman Race to attack the Jade Pure Holy Land. He also didn't expect that with so many boundless worlds, why would these fellows choose the most special ascension passage?
If they had chosen other ascension passages, it would have been fine. Dahe wouldn't have led the pursuers all the way down and such trouble wouldn't have occurred.

Chapter 1444
Just as the two Great Shamans were discussing, a green shadow gradually appeared in the void.
That shadow emitted a jade-green light, dyeing this absolutely dark space with an even more bizarre color.
When the two Great Shamans saw the green shadow appear, they raised the bone staffs in their hands almost at the same time. From their strange appearances, one could barely make out the reverence in their eyes.
"Greetings, Lord Heavenly Wizard!"
"Lord Heavenly Wizard, may I know the reason for your visit?"
The ancient Shamans also had their own hierarchy.
Ordinary Shamans were called Shaman Slaves. These Shaman Slaves had an extremely low status in the ancient Shamans and were similar to cannon fodder.
Those who were slightly stronger were called Battle Shamans. This type of Battle Shaman was slightly stronger. Previously, almost all the Shamans killed by the nine Palace Masters were Battle Shamans, and Great Shamans were comparable to Realm Lords. In the ancient Shamans, they could lead a tribe.
On the other hand, Heavenly Wizards were equivalent to Celestial Venerables in the universe. These Heavenly Wizards did not bear the Mandate of Heaven, but the spells they mastered could fight against Celestial Venerables!
As for stronger existences above Heavenly Wizards, such as Ancestral Shamans, Shaman Saints, and so on, those powerhouses only existed in the Divine Realm …
A ripple of light appeared on the green shadow's body, and then a dignified voice was heard. "Great River, Great Nirvana!"
"Your subordinate is here!"
"Same here!"
Hearing Lord Heavenly Wizard's voice, the two Great Shamans trembled. It seemed that Lord Heavenly Wizard was in a bad mood?
"The Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao have all descended in this Great Wide World. The old fox of the Demi-Immortal Clan has already set his sights on this place. Why haven't you acted yet?" Lord Heavenly Wizard asked.
The two Great Shamans' expressions changed drastically.
Previously, the two Great Shamans had hesitated and finally chose to endure and let those people on the Divine Kingdom's continent go.
Compared to killing them, the plan in front of them was more important.
Therefore, the two Great Shamans discussed and decided that as long as those people were not good at entering the center of the storm, they would not make a move.
They would pretend that this matter had never happened …
The strength of those eight warriors was indeed extraordinary, and their backgrounds were definitely not small. However, they did not expect that these eight people would be the Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao!
The ancient Shamans lived on the reverse side of the world forever. Apart from a small number of higher-ups, they naturally did not have the opportunity to view the painting of the Illusory Battlefield, so it was normal that they did not recognize it.
"If they are the Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao, then …"
"It's not just the Demi-Immortal Tribe. I'm afraid the Thoughtless Gods and the Human Alliance are watching their every move!"
The universe was so chaotic, so how could those Celestial Venerables tolerate these Daoists running around?
Since he dared to release them, he must have a backup plan!
If that was the case, they would be in big trouble!
"This subordinate knew that trouble would ensue if those people from the Jade Pure Holy Land barged into the lower realm. What a coincidence, they actually barged into this great realm. This is a crime!" Da He's body trembled more and more violently. If he had known, he should have killed them in the Ascension Passage. He shouldn't have had too many scruples, and instead, he would have led things into the most troublesome situation …
The means of the Ancient Witch Tribe were terrible. Dahe also knew that his mistake was unforgivable. He could almost imagine the punishment he was about to face.
"Hmph." Lord Tianwu only snorted coldly, but Dahe's heart trembled. "Now is trouble, but also an opportunity. Use this great opportunity to get rid of the Eight Children of Heavenly Dao!"
"But the Nine Nether Exquisite Pagoda isn't ready yet. If we alarm those Celestial Venerables, won't all our efforts be in vain?" Da Nie raised an objection at this moment.
Lord Tianwu was silent for a while before saying, "We can't wait. There's no time. We can only spread the Nine Nether Exquisite Pagoda out in advance."
"This …" Da Nie hesitated.
"We've set up thirteen Nine Nether Exquisite Pagoda and spent countless years! This decision was also very difficult for me to make! "Lord Tianwu said coldly.
Hearing this, the two Great Shamans felt a little more relaxed. It seemed that Lord Tianwu really didn't have time to bother with them …
"When will it be spread?" Da Nie asked.
"Before we do, I'll give you the news," Lord Tianwu said coldly.
The two Great Shamans nodded. They already understood that the higher-ups of the Witch Tribe had already started the plan in advance.
…
…
The Nine Palace Masters still stayed in the Divine Kingdom Continent to recover their consumed vital essence first. Luo Zheng brought Ning Yudie back to the Central Domain.
This trip to the Lower Realm was unexpectedly smooth for Luo Zheng. It was so smooth that it even made Luo Zheng suspicious. It seemed that things shouldn't be so smooth …
They crossed the Chaotic Astral Sea again. Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan both wanted to go to the center of the storm to take a look.
However, they were stopped by Hua Tianming and the others.
That storm was too dangerous. If they entered rashly, they might lose their lives.
They went all the way south and soon crossed the entire Chaotic Astral Sea, returning to the Central Domain once again.
After this matter was settled, these Daoists should return to the Demi-Immortal Tribe and wait for Old Man Feng's arrangements.
However, Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie had not reunited for a long time, so they couldn't just turn around and leave.
Granny Yu, who was carrying Luo Nian, saw that Ning Yudie had returned safely. Her expression was also very excited, and her resentment towards Luo Zheng was swept away.
In the end, Luo Zheng did not break his promise and brought Ning Yudie back safe and sound.
Luo Nian also hadn't seen his mother for a long time, so he clung onto Ning Yudie's body like a nimble little monkey, refusing to let go no matter what. He was afraid that if he let go, his mother would run away.
When Xi Youqin saw this scene, her expression was still very sour. However, when she thought of the future, her heart felt a little better. Luo Zheng could not stay in the Central Domain forever.
A few days later, a big banquet was held in the Cloud Hall.
The top figures of the major sects and forces of the Central Domain were all present, including Shi Kefan and a few others. They also caught up with Luo Zheng during the banquet.
Although Pei Tianyao and Red Maple's cultivation were relatively low, they were arranged to sit at the head of the table.
The atmosphere of the banquet was very warm. The people of the Central Domain were very curious about the people around Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't introduced the names of the people around you, so that we can remember them in our hearts." Shi Kefan, who was a little tipsy, asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded. He did not introduce which forces these people were from. After all, the people of the Central Domain had not heard of them. He just introduced them one by one …
In fact, there were only five unfamiliar faces in the banquet. They were Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Lie Qianhan, Ji Luoxue, and Ku Deng.
When he introduced them one by one, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Ji Luoxue, and Ku Deng politely stood up. After all, these people were Luo Zheng's friends. Although their strength and status were not worth mentioning in their eyes, they still had to be polite.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan acted as if they did not hear it. Xuanyuan Chenfeng even turned his face to one side. The scene was a little awkward.
Luo Zheng did not care. He did not expect these two guys to follow him. It was really disappointing to put on a sour face. However, because of the crisis of Huan Yu, these two people were not his opponents.
"These two friends, it seems that they are not in a good mood?" Shi Kefan was a smart person. His original intention was to help Luo Zheng relieve the awkwardness.
Who knew that Xuanyuan Chenfeng would say indifferently, "Drinking with a group of ants from the lower domain is not a good mood."
These words were a little too much.
The strong people of the Central Domain came to visit the Cloud Hall. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words were too unpleasant.
Ning Yudie's expression darkened slightly as she looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's brow also furrowed, "If the two of you are not satisfied with this Luo's hospitality, you are free to leave!"
They all used Luo Zheng's Teleportation Token to move here. If they left on their own, they would need to use the Ascension Passage. Their safety would not be guaranteed.
Lie Qianhan curled his lips. He did not respond to Luo Zheng's words. Instead, he helped Xuanyuan Chenfeng, "Is he wrong? The martial artists from the lower domain are not even comparable to ants! "
From the perspective of these proud sons of heaven, there was indeed nothing wrong. If it was not because Luo Zheng was here, they would not have any interaction with the lower domain.
"Is that so? However, the number one Dao Disciple of Huan Yu still lost to Brother Luo Zheng! "Xi Youqin sneered at this moment. She could not stand it anymore. She knew that among the ants these two guys were referring to, there were her relatives. Today, Taoist Priest Qing Xu also brought the core members of Xu Ling Sect to the Cloud Hall.
Xi Youqin felt that she was often unreasonable, but today, she found that these two guys from Deities Without Thought seemed to be even more ridiculous …
"Humph, it's just an anomaly in the ant's nest." Xuanyuan Chenfeng snorted coldly. He also could not understand how a person like Luo Zheng could appear in this Vast Thousand Domains.
The birth of a proud son of heaven was all based on a strong foundation. It seemed that the Central Domain was not a place full of outstanding people. It was really against common sense.
"What about me?" Xi Youqin raised her eyebrows.
"I wonder how many anomalies there are in our Central Domain?" Hua Tianming also said.
The Central Domain occupied three of the top ten positions in Huan Yu, and Deities Without Thought only occupied three of them.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not know how to answer for a moment.
Who knew that Ku Deng, who had been stubbornly eating vegetarian food and had been silent all the way, smiled slightly. "Amitabha, the Central Domain is really amazing. It occupies three of the top ten positions in Heavenly Dao. Even the lost pearl of our Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm is covered in dust here."
Everyone looked at Ku Deng curiously, but they did not know what he meant.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1445
Red Maple and Pei Tianyao were drinking in silence.
The short square tables in the palace were lined up in a row, with three to five people sitting at a table. They were sitting at the same table as Hua Tianming, sitting in the upper seats.
They were able to sit at this table because of Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
In terms of strength and status, they were not qualified to sit here.
Hearing the conversation between Luo Zheng and the others, Pei Tianyao and Red Maple were secretly shocked.
How big was the universe?
They had never seen it, but they heard from Hua Tianming that there were hundreds of millions of Spirit Sea Realm warriors!
One hundred million …
They were so shocked that they almost sat on the ground.
In contrast, in this world, Spirit Sea Realm warriors could do whatever they wanted. The power of the universe was indeed beyond their imagination.
From Luo Zheng, they learned that these people were actually the top ten Daoists in the universe?
They didn't know what Daoists meant, but standing out from hundreds of millions of Spirit Sea Realm warriors and ranking in the top ten, this talent was too terrifying …
This time, Pei Tianyao found that Ku Deng had been staring at him, and he was a little shocked.
When Luo Zheng left with this group of people, this monk also had the same look. Why did he come again today?
Ku Deng stared at Pei Tianyao and said such words. Everyone followed Ku Deng's gaze and finally their eyes fell on Pei Tianyao.
"Hey, hey, your peer is staring at you again." Red Maple nudged Pei Tianyao with his elbow.
"Fuck you! It's your peer! "Pei Tianyao was already uncomfortable, but at this moment, he burst out with a rare swear word.
Red Maple found it funny. He also saw that Pei Tianyao seemed to be a little nervous, so he didn't say anything.
"Brother Ku Deng, what do you mean?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with a trace of curiosity.
After ascending to the Upper World, Luo Zheng had never entered the Ten Thousand Buddha Sanctuary. Buddhism and Taoism were independent, and some things were quite mysterious. He faintly had a premonition that the meaning of Ku Deng's words was not simple.
Ku Deng smiled faintly, but nodded to Pei Tianyao. "How should I address you, benefactor?"
"Pei Tianyao." Pei Tianyao stood up and bowed.
Ku Deng looked like a novice monk and he was even younger than Pei Tian Yao. However, he was still a Peak God Realm warrior, so Pei Tian Yao had to be polite to him.
Who knew that after Pei Tianyao bowed, Ku Deng also put his palms together and said, "Amitabha, you are the reincarnation of the Acalanatha, but you don't have the fate to ascend. If you can enter my Ten Thousand Buddha Sanctuary, you will be regarded as a Daoist …" After saying that, Ku Deng looked at Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie and said, "I don't know if I, Ku Deng, can ask for such a person from the Cloud Hall?"
The other Daoists did not take the Cloud Hall seriously.
Not to mention Rank Six Sects, they would even disdain Rank Ten Holy Lands. After all, the forces they belonged to had thousands of Rank Ten Holy Lands under their control.
However, Ku Deng was very polite. He asked the Cloud Hall for the person.
"Daoist." Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
Ning Yudie's eyes also kept flickering …
After she ascended, she learned about the division of strength in the universe from the Ninth Palace Master. She also knew about the division of various geniuses.
The Daoist was the absolute Daoist in the universe. This kind of honor could be said to be "one in a million"!
For a moment, Ning Yudie did not know what to say. Her Cloud Hall was too powerful. It had three Daoists, and now it seemed that there were more. From this point of view, what kind of force was the Cloud Hall? Rank Eleven Holy Lands? Rank Twenty-One Holy Lands …
The warriors in the Central Domain did not know what a Daoist meant. They only knew that Pei Tianyao was chosen by the monk in the Divine Realm, so he should have a good talent. They estimated that Pei Tianyao should at least have a Divine Realm talent, right?
However, the expressions of Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others were very interesting.
"Cultivate as a Daoist? Ku Deng, can you make this decision on behalf of the Hidden Spirit Temple? Are you kidding? "Xuanyuan Chenfeng laughed strangely.
They were Daoists themselves, so they knew the status of a Daoist. It was almost the symbol of a force's future! They thought that Ku Deng was teasing them when he found a Daoist in a corner of the Mortal World.
Ku Deng, however, smiled and asked, "Have monks ever lied?"
"Thunder Punishing Heavenly Master did," Lie Qianhan immediately said. Thunder Punishing Heavenly Master was the strongest Heavenly Master in the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm.
"Lord Heavenly Master lied, that's his business." Ku Deng still looked indifferent. He did not want to be entangled with these two people, so he continued to look at Ning Yudie. "Also, ask if the Cloud Hall can release this person."
In fact, since Ku Deng found Pei Tianyao here, he would definitely be taken away by the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Realm. Today, the Cloud Hall did not release him, so he would naturally report to the Hidden Spirit Temple. At that time, someone would take Pei Tianyao away. However, at this moment, he still asked for Ning Yudie's opinion.
Pei Tianyao still has a confused expression on his face … …
When he left the Eastern Domain, he also wanted to enter a temple. However, the incense in the Central Domain was not strong, and there were not many skills suitable for him to practice. In the end, he could only rely on his own understanding.
Until now, he had reached the False Tribulation Realm and became the backbone of the Cloud Hall. However, compared with the current Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng, there was a huge difference.
Ning Yudie smiled gently. "Little Master Ku Deng, you are too polite. Although Pei Tianyao is a disciple of the Cloud Hall, if he has a better place to go, I will not stop him. Let me ask him if he agrees."
Before Pei Tianyao could speak, Red Maple said first, "What is a Daoist? I will ask for him, haha!"
Ku Deng said lightly, "There are 3,000 Great Tao in the world, but that is just an imaginary number. The so-called Daoist is a person who has become a True God, who can cross the universe and surpass the Heavenly Master. I can't guarantee that you can reach this step, but the reincarnation of the Acalanatha, haha …"
Ku Deng did not want to say the rest of his words.
"What is a Heavenly Master?" Red Maple asked again.
Becoming a God or an Immortal was not a clear concept for the warriors in the Mortal World. Red Maple took the opportunity to satisfy his curiosity.
"A Heavenly Master is a person who carries the Mandate of Heaven, the most powerful existence in the universe." Ku Deng answered truthfully.
"What is below the Heavenly Master?" Red Maple asked again.
Even the good-tempered Ku Deng was speechless. As for Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, they had already rolled their eyes.
"Benefactor, if you want to know the division of the strength of the warriors in the universe, I can tell you in private." Ku Deng said.
"I have asked, haha." Since Ku Deng said so, Red Maple stopped making trouble.
Luo Zheng also looked at Pei Tianyao with a smile. Such an opportunity was so rare that it was hard for him to describe it, but he believed that Pei Tianyao would not refuse.
"I am willing to go with Little Master Ku Deng." Pei Tianyao cupped his hands. He knew that if he agreed to this matter, everything in the future would change dramatically, but he didn't know that the change would be so big that he couldn't imagine it.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan were speechless again.
They believed that Ku Deng would not talk nonsense, but their minds were in a mess at the moment. What the hell was this big wide world? Why was it so magical?
When a big world came, only a dozen Daoists were born. Almost half of them appeared here?
From the perspective of probability, it did not make sense at all.
At the moment, people were too lazy to pay attention to the rude words of these two people. The cultivation of the warriors present was not high, but they were smart. They knew the origin of these strong warriors. At the same time, they were very envious of Pei Tianyao. He was only in the False Tribulation Realm, but he could enter the universe. It was a blessing that could not be accumulated for several lifetimes.
When the banquet was getting more and more lively, on the other side of the Cloud Sea City, a thin space crack suddenly appeared. When the space crack appeared, a faint green light bloomed from the crack!
Then a green shadow came out of the space crack. It was Lord Tianwu of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
The moment Lord Tianwu left the space, he raised a jade bone staff in his hand. He gently waved it in the air, and a circle of green spell appeared. His movement was very fast.
He knew what the Eight Children of the Heavenly Way meant. If he could eliminate them here, it would be a great blessing for the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe!
But since these people were released by the Demi-Immortal Tribe, it was impossible that they did not have protection.

Chapter 1446
The moment the green runes appeared, they turned into dozens of green ghost faces. These ghost faces were sinister and terrifying, appearing and disappearing in the air as they drilled into the Cloud Hall.
The Water-Filled Light Barrier even blocked the Law of Space to a certain extent, but these ghost faces crossed it very easily.
The Ancient Sorcerer Clan was not good at frontal combat. Even though Lord Celestial Sorcerer's cultivation was comparable to a Celestial Venerable, he could still use powerful sorcery …
Lord Celestial Sorcerer floated in the air, his strange eyes only having the whites of his eyes.
At this moment, he was concentrating on controlling the dozens of ghost faces, silently shuttling through the Cloud Hall.
However, while he was concentrating, Lord Celestial Sorcerer was also vigilant of the surrounding movements.
He found it hard to believe that the Demi-Immortal Clan would let these little fellows come out alone and not take any precautions around them. If the Demi-Immortal Clan was really careless to this extent, then he would definitely take advantage of this!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
"Little fellows, I found you." Lord Celestial Sorcerer quickly sensed the location of the Eight Scions of the Heavenly Dao. All the ghost faces quietly floated in the same direction at the same time.
As the ghost faces shuttled back and forth, they were like giant fireflies in the dark night, emitting a green light as they rushed into the hall at an extremely fast speed.
"Awoo!"
These ghost faces did not have a fixed shape. The moment they rushed in, they went straight for Luo Zheng and the others.
Luo Zheng was the first to react. The moment he saw these ghost faces, his expression changed. He reached out and grabbed Ning Yudie's waist with one hand, then hurriedly retreated!
He did not know the strength of these ghost faces, but the evil aura emitted from them made Luo Zheng instinctively vigilant!
A ghostly face inadvertently swept past a Hollow Tribulation Realm cultivator. That Hollow Tribulation Realm cultivator suddenly froze and opened his mouth wide. An incomparably terrified expression appeared on his face. This expression instantly froze on his face. He no longer had the slightest bit of vitality. He just stood there and died …
The palace suddenly burst into an uproar.
"What is this!"
"Retreat!"
"What a domineering thing!"
Some warriors only hesitated for a moment before their vitality completely disappeared, and they couldn't be more dead …
In the blink of an eye, the martial artists in the palace fell one after another, and the entire hall was in chaos.
This scene made the hearts of Luo Zheng and the others sink. This speed and strange means were definitely not something they could resist, or even be unable to resist.
Just how strong was the other party? He could easily take their lives without even showing up.
"Return to the Immortal Abode!"
Luo Zheng suddenly had such a thought.
Ning Yudie was by his side. He could bring her in, but what about Luo Nian? He was still in the Cloud Hall …
While he was hesitating, one of the ghostly faces pounced towards Luo Zheng!
As for Ku Deng, Ji Luoxue, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng, they were in a similar situation. These ghost faces were clearly coming for the eight of them!
"You go in first!" At this moment, Luo Zheng held the Gen Token in his hand. He was thinking about how to put Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin in first. As for Mu Mingxue, she was sitting in a seat further away from Luo Zheng.
But in this way, Hua Tianming and the others would probably …
Luo Zheng was also very anxious. Although he had a premonition that this trip back to the mortal world would not be so simple, the crisis had erupted so suddenly. Luo Zheng had never heard of this kind of means, and he didn't know who was using it!
Soon, the expressions on everyone's faces froze.
The cups and plates on the square table froze in midair, and the wine in the cups remained in the state of sputtering water droplets. The flickering candlelight almost stopped fluctuating, and the flow of time became abnormally slow at this moment.
In the center of the hall, a middle-aged warrior in a gray robe appeared.
Luo Zheng had seen this warrior once before. When he was changing the blood of the Demi-Immortal Clan, this person was present. He was a Celestial Master of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
He raised his hand and flicked his fingers, shooting out bolts of lightning from his fingertips.
"Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap …"
The fingertip thunder didn't seem to be very powerful, especially for a Celestial Master who had the power to destroy the world.
But every time a fingertip thunder flashed out, those ghost faces were instantly killed by the thunder and lightning!
After all the ghost faces were destroyed, the flow of time in the hall returned to normal.
It was unknown to what extent this Celestial Master's control of the Law of Time was. The flow of time was so slow that it almost stopped. Even his thoughts were similarly slow.
Therefore, no one saw this Celestial Master make a move. They only felt that there was a blur in front of them, and all the ghost faces disappeared …
The Celestial Master turned his head and smiled at Luo Zheng and the others. "Little guys … it's about time to go back."
"Many thanks to Celestial Master Huan Miao for saving our lives." Hua Tianming cupped his hands.
Luo Zheng also cupped his hands and thanked Celestial Master Huan Miao. Now, Luo Zheng was facing a threat that he couldn't resist. Moreover, this was the Cloud Hall. There were too many people that Luo Zheng needed to protect. He didn't expect the Demi-Immortal Clan to be so worried about them that they actually arranged for a Celestial Master to protect them.
"I wonder who dares to attack us?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng's expression was very ugly. He felt that he had been implicated by Luo Zheng. He was really unlucky and shouldn't have followed him.
Celestial Master Huan Miao said indifferently, "It's just a certain Celestial Wizard. But he should be in trouble now."
…
…
At the same time, Celestial Wizard outside the Cloud Hall also sensed that something was wrong. The Soul-Devouring Ghost Shadows he released were destroyed at the same time. His expression darkened. Suddenly, a soft voice sounded in his ears.
"I've noticed you too." At this moment, a white figure suddenly appeared beside Lord Celestial Wizard.
An exquisite short sword was already pressed against Lord Celestial Wizard's neck.
"Die." That person didn't hesitate at all. As soon as he finished speaking, a strong light suddenly bloomed from the short sword and slashed toward Celestial Wizard!
"Pfft!"
At this critical moment, Celestial Wizard's jade-green body suddenly dispersed, turning into a pool of green light that flowed wildly!
In an instant, all the green light gathered above the clouds!
When the green light reformed Celestial Wizard's body, there was a wound on his neck that couldn't be healed. In the darkness of the night, blood that emitted green light spurted out from the wound. Clearly, this slash had caused him to be severely injured!
Just as his body materialized, the white figure appeared behind the Heaven Wizard like a shadow and slashed out with the short sword in his hand!
"Pfft!"
Celestial Wizard's expression changed drastically. He turned into countless green lights again and scattered in all directions. This time, he directly escaped into the other side of the space.
The white figure let out a cold laugh and followed almost at the same time. The moment he entered, he no longer had any qualms!
After all, this was a battle between Celestial Venerables. Even the aftershocks of their attacks were enough to destroy the world. Even a massive world couldn't withstand it, let alone a Greater Thousand Worlds!
The moment Celestial Wizard reformed again, the white figure continued to follow him!
"Whoosh …"
"Universe Will Kill!"
The white figure waved the short sword in his hand, and a sword light flashed! This sword light spiraled and turned into an Eight Trigrams wheel that shot toward Celestial Wizard!
Now that he had entered the other side of the world, the white figure no longer had any qualms. This sword light was full of power — a Celestial Venerable's full-powered attack!
"Pfft!"
The sword light directly penetrated Celestial Wizard's body and came out from his back. After extending for tens of millions of kilometers, it gradually dissipated …
From afar, this sword light was as resplendent as the Milky Way that streaked across the night sky.
This sword light was also unleashed in the void.
If this sword light was unleashed in the Central Domain, it could split the Greater Thousand Worlds open and reach the end of the Greater Thousand Worlds. It could even blast open the barriers of the Greater Thousand Worlds and pierce through the connected Greater Thousand Worlds.
Green blood spurted out. Celestial Wizard was clearly injured, but he didn't show any fear. He only looked at the white figure indifferently and said, "I was wondering who it was. So it's Celestial Wizard Qian Lan … Hehe."
"How can the Ancient Wizard Tribe kill a Dao Disciple protected by the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Celestial Wizard Qian Lan said indifferently as the short sword in his hand flickered with a cold light.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't care about the Ancient Wizard Tribe at all. Although the Ancient Wizard Tribe was a little troublesome, that was all there was to it.
To them, the true danger came from the enemy behind the Wall of Sighs.
"Is that so?" Celestial Wizard sneered. "Since Celestial Wizard Qian Lan is here, then the one who destroyed my Soul-Devouring Ghost Shadow in the main hall should be Celestial Wizard Huan Miao. I wonder if Celestial Wizard Huan Miao can defeat the Candle Dragon? Hehe! "
Celestial Wizard Qian Lan knew that the Demi-Immortal Tribe had a backup plan, but he still dared to kill a Dao Disciple under such circumstances. Naturally, he also had a backup plan.

Chapter 1447
At the same time, Heavenly Lord Huan Miao said to Luo Zheng, "That Heaven Wizard is in trouble …"
As soon as she finished speaking, a spatial crack exploded, and a black tail rolled out from it. It wrapped around Heavenly Lord Huan Miao and dragged her to the other side of the space …
Because of Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's appearance, the chaotic situation stabilized.
With a Heavenly Lord here, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe would not dare to cause trouble. No one expected the situation to change so quickly.
Luo Zheng and the others were stunned by this sudden scene.
In fact, the Demi-Immortal Tribe had already expected this to happen, so they had sent Heavenly Lords to protect Luo Zheng.
The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe's influence in the universe was not particularly strong. This time, they suddenly invaded many big worlds in the universe in order to awaken several ancient fierce beasts.
These ancient beasts were hidden in the depths of some large worlds. This was their purpose in invading the large worlds.
Heavenly Lord Huan Miao and Heavenly Lord Qian Lan had been quietly protecting Luo Zheng and the others. They had launched a counterattack before the Heaven Wizard attacked. However, the two Heavenly Lords did not expect that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had also come prepared.
The Candle Dragon, also known as the Candle Dragon, was originally a variant of the True Dragon. It was the sacred beast of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. This sacred beast was inherited from the Upper Realm and had the strength of a True Dragon!
Two Heavenly Lords, a Heaven Wizard, and a Candle Dragon fought fiercely on the other side of the Great Thousand World!
The faces of the people from the Central Region in the hall were ghastly pale.
Of course, the eight Daoists did not look good either.
In a confrontation at the level of Empyreans, just being swept up by the aftershocks would cause them to be smashed apart like butterflies in a storm.
Fortunately, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe liked to hide in the shadows of the world and brought the two Heavenly Lords to the other side of the space. If they had fought in the sky above the Cloud Hall, the entire Central Domain would have collapsed in an instant!
"Luo Zheng, take us back!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng jumped out and said sternly.
"Yes, take us back to the Demi-Immortal Tribe or the Lie Family!" Lie Qianhan added.
In their opinion, this place was already a dangerous place. Naturally, they wanted to escape at the first possible moment … As for the upheaval in the Great Thousand World, what did it have to do with them?
Ji Luoxue and the others seemed to be moved as well. To put it bluntly, the lives of the eight of them were countless times more important than the lives of the cultivators in the Boundless World …
In fact, they had another way to leave the Greater Thousand World, which was to remove the effect of the Moon-Concealing Stone and let the Greater Thousand World reject them. In other words, they could "ascend" to the Upper Realm. However, the passage to the Greater Thousand World was random. Who knew which big world they would be teleported to? What if the Great World was facing the invasion of the Ancient Shamans? Wouldn't it be a dead end if they went in?
Only Luo Zheng's magical teleportation token could allow them to return safely. This was the safest way.
Luo Zheng's eyes kept flickering …
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's words were not wrong. At this moment, the best choice was to leave first.
As the most important Dao Children in the universe, they carried the fate of saving the universe and also carried the ardent hopes of those Celestial Venerables.
However, Luo Zheng was not willing to see his homeland destroyed in a day.
"Whoosh!"
Seeing Luo Zheng so hesitant, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly took out a long spear and pressed the tip of the spear against Luo Zheng's forehead. "Quick!"
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. He looked around at the warriors from the various sects in the Central Domain. These people's faces were also bitter. They naturally knew that this disaster was caused by Luo Zheng.
However, they could only be regarded as small fish and shrimps here. Even if they begged Luo Zheng to stay, it would be meaningless. This group of Divine Realm warriors was afraid that they could not avoid it. Perhaps Luo Zheng alone would not be able to stop them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng flicked his finger and the teleportation token jumped out from the sumeru ring.
"Those of you who are willing to leave can enter on your own! I will stay! "
At this moment, Luo Zheng had a plan. The others could enter the teleportation token and leave. He would arrange for Ning Yudie, Luo Nian, and the others to stay in the Immortal Mansion.
However, before Luo Zheng could activate the teleportation token, another cold voice was transmitted.
"Heh heh heh … Don't even think about leaving!"
Everyone's expression changed. They raised their heads and saw a crack appear out of thin air. From that crack, a black figure appeared. His entire body was covered in rugged barbs.
"It's a Great Shaman!"
"His cultivation is equivalent to a Realm Master!"
"Luo Zheng, hurry up and activate that damn thing of yours! Take us away! "Lie Qianhan roared.
"I already said that none of you want to leave. You're still dreaming!" The Great Shaman waved the bone staff in his hand. Wisps of black mist surrounded the bone staff and shot directly toward Luo Zheng and the others. In an instant, the mist entered the hearts of the eight people. "Heh heh, you can try to escape … When the time comes, your hearts will explode in a very strange shape."
This was the Luo Yan Heart Locking Curse of the Ancient Shaman Clan. Unless the person who cast the curse was killed, they would not be able to break free from the black mist. From this point of view, it was similar to a life threatening battle.
However, this depended on the strength of the person who cast the curse. This Great Shaman obviously believed that he had the strength to crush the eight Dao Children.
"Let's kill him first! The others … leave the Cloud Hall! "With a flash of light under Hua Tianming's feet, he dashed forward rapidly. Sword Tengshe was already in his hand!
Many warriors who were guests in the Cloud Palace today were in a daze at this moment. They did not expect that they would be involved in a fight at such a level. For a moment, they were so flustered that they even forgot to run away.
At this moment, after Hua Tianming spoke, those warriors fled in all directions.
This Great Shaman did not seem to care about the ordinary warriors at all. He only focused on the eight Dao Children.
"Disperse the people in the Cloud Hall temporarily. Then take Nian 'er and leave the Cloud Hall first," Luo Zheng ordered.
The moment Hua Tianming rushed forward, Luo Zheng also followed him!
At the same time, Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao used their own methods at the same time.
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Lie Qianhan saw this scene, they could only grit their teeth and fight!
Although the eight Dao Children were only at the Divine Realm, it was not impossible for them to defeat a Divine Transformation Realm warrior.
Although this Great Shaman had the cultivation of a Realm Master, if the eight of them joined forces, they might be able to defeat him!
A wave of light spread over the Great Shaman in a flash. At the same time, Hua Tianming's figure appeared at the end of the wave of light. With the speed of the Ultimate Step Flash, he stabbed out with Sword Tengshe in his hand!
"Ha! As expected of a Dao Child. "A cold smile appeared on the Great Shaman's face. He tapped the bone staff in his hand lightly. The white jade bone staff suddenly shook, and a dense black ghost claw was formed. It suddenly grabbed Tengshe's sword!
"Clang!"
No one knew what the black ghost claw was. Even Tengshe's sword couldn't cut it open. The ghost claw waved and forced Hua Tianming to retreat.
"Die." The Great Shaman spun the bone staff in a circle. The shadow of a black bug appeared on the tip of the staff and pointed at Hua Tianming. It was the Shaman Tribe's Straight Death Staff Strike. When the staff touched someone's life, it would immediately end. The Ancient Shaman Tribe's method of harvesting lives was extremely overbearing.
"In your dreams!"
Luo Zheng's entire body directly slammed over. All the draconic scales in his body were activated. At this moment, he was akin to a desolate ancient beast. Even world overlords wouldn't be able to use their fleshly bodies to block such a collision. Let alone the fact that the ancient shamans weren't proficient in using their fleshly bodies.
The Great Shaman could only give up on killing Hua Tianming. After waving the bone staff, more black ghost claws appeared from the black fog. Two of the ghost claws turned into fists and smashed toward Luo Zheng!
"Pu, pu!"
With two muffled sounds, the two ghost claws were directly hit by Luo Zheng and turned into black smoke. However, the power of the ghost claws was also beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Under the huge impact, Luo Zheng was also sent flying!
Then, Ji Luoxue, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and the others all used their own methods and launched the first round of attacks …
Although they wanted to leave this place as soon as possible, they were currently bound by the Luo Yan Heart Locking Curse. They could only kill the Great Shaman first!
"Boom …"
The Cloud Hall floating in the sky suddenly trembled violently!
Although they focused all their power on the Great Shaman, the power that exploded out was still too great. The Cloud Hall couldn't withstand such a terrifying power.
The spear that Xuanyuan Chenfeng stabbed at the Great Shaman missed. The spear light that shot out overturned the roof of the palace and directly shot toward the Watery Light Enchantment!
In the past, Cui Xie naturally couldn't do anything to the Watery Light Enchantment. However, when Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear light shot out, the Watery Light Enchantment rippled. Before the power could spread to the entire enchantment, the entire Watery Light Enchantment cracked and shattered.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1448
This night, Cloud Sea City was destined to be sleepless.
Under Ning Yudie's organization, all the warriors were quickly dismissed.
High up in the sky, all the cultivators of the Cloud Hall were pouring out from all sorts of exits. If one looked up from within the city, it would seem like the Cloud Hall was like a sack of rice that was filled with holes, and countless cultivators were pouring out like grains of rice and scattering in all directions.
The shaking of the Cloud Hall continued to intensify.
In the eyes of the mortals of the Central Domain, the Cloud Hall might be a colossus. It was a palace in the sky that would never sink.
But Ning Yudie and the others knew very well that no matter if it was the Great Shaman or the eight Ultimate God Realm warriors, it usually only took a single move to completely destroy the Cloud Hall …
"Granny, where's dad? Why don't I see him … "Luo Nian crawled on Granny Yu's back.
Although he was still young, when he saw the panic on the faces of countless warriors in the Cloud Hall, he understood that the Cloud Hall seemed to have encountered great trouble.
"Nian 'er, just be good. Your dad will be fine!" Granny Yu's face didn't look too happy.
The Cloud Hall was her life's work. That damned Luo Zheng had caused such great trouble.
Although she said that, Granny Yu was still worried about Luo Zheng. After all, the Cloud Hall was able to reach this step and become the number one sect in the Central Domain mainly because of Luo Zheng.
But everything had its pros and cons. After Luo Zheng ascended, he would eventually encounter trouble. But the trouble he encountered at this stage was far from what the Cloud Hall could touch. In the eyes of those powerful beings, the Cloud Hall was like a small mosquito that could be overturned with a flip of the hand.
Besides the Cloud Hall, all the city gates of Cloud Sea City were opened. All the transportation formations lit up throughout the night.
All the Third Rank Clans, the forces of the World Business Alliance, and even the mortals were moving out of the city.
The battle between Luo Zheng and the others was like a ferocious beast in the forest, and these low-level martial artists and mortals were like an ant nest in the forest. If the ferocious beast was careless and stepped on it, the ant nest would collapse, causing countless deaths and injuries …
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud noise, a dazzling thunderbolt burst into the air. The Cloud Hall suddenly shook, and it kept tilting to one side!
Fortunately, the Cloud Hall was originally a huge floating rock. Even if such a huge building was flipped, it would still float in the air!
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie, who was dismissing everyone, suddenly felt her heart tighten. She stretched her neck and stared at the top of the Cloud Hall, her face full of worry.
The Cloud Hall could be rebuilt!
As long as the foundation was still there, she didn't care even if she had to abandon this floating rock. But nothing could happen to Luo Zheng.
The more she thought about it, the more worried she became. She paused and wanted to return to the Cloud Hall.
"Xiao Die, what are you doing?!" Granny Yu shouted from below.
Ning Yudie's eyes flickered. "I-I want to take a look …"
"It's useless for you to watch a battle of that level! If you lose your life for nothing, what would that brat Luo Zheng think? " Granny Yu said coldly. She knew that Ning Yudie was stubborn, so she could only use the most severe attitude to stop her.
Ning Yudie was silent. She naturally knew that she couldn't help, but she envied Xi Youqin in her heart. With her talent, she could help Luo Zheng. On the other hand, she couldn't help at all.
"Luo Zheng, that brat, is very lucky. His luck can scare people to death. He won't die no matter what!" Granny Yu said again.
Granny Yu's words made Ning Yudie feel a little relieved. The current Luo Zheng was no longer the same as before. Even the Luo Zheng of the past was able to withstand an opponent many times stronger than him …
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
At this moment, from the top of the Cloud Hall, a black light shot into the sky. Then, eight lights soared into the sky!
Swoosh!
All of them saw a sharp ray of light slash through the air, and it swept incessantly like a shooting star that tore through the sky towards the side of the city. However, it descended onto an expanse of wilderness outside the city.
Then, the entire earth began to rumble and tremble.
"Rumble …"
That sword strike was executed by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Back in the painting, when the Daoists attacked, they targeted each other. At most, they could only completely destroy the chessboard.
But now, it was different. The slightest carelessness could topple mountains and overturn seas!
When that sword strike landed in the wilderness, it directly flipped the soil on the ground. Just the sputtering soil formed a mountain that was around three hundred meters tall. The sword light's momentum didn't slow down at all. It continued to spread downwards, cleaving open a fissure that was over fifty kilometers long in the wilderness on the side of Cloud Sea City.
The underground river was cut off. Torrential water constantly washed through the two sides of the fissure, forming one huge cave after another. The animals that were hibernating underground fled frantically …
It was also Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's sword strike that formed an enormous gorge in the future.
After the entire Cloud Hall rolled once more, its front was facing upwards once more. The cultivators of the Cloud Hall and Ocean of Clouds City heaved deep sighs of relief when they saw the battle going further and further away, and they prayed in their hearts that these fellows wouldn't come back ….
High up in the sky, Luo Zheng took the lead and fought with the Great Shaman at the forefront.
He was the only one who could forcefully resist the attacks of those ghost claws!
Seven of the eight Daoists were at the Divine Ocean Realm, and Xi Youqin was at the Divine Ocean Realm. The eight of them joined forces to fight a Sector Lord, but it was still a little difficult in the end. However, after fighting for so long, the Grand Shaman was actually unable to kill a single one of them.
At this moment, the Grand Shaman was secretly shocked. According to his previous judgment, the Candle Dragon and Lord Heavenly Shaman were fighting the two Heavenly Exalts. His strength was sufficient to crush these little fellows at the Divine Ocean Realm. That was why he was confident in using the Heart Locking Curse!
However, he didn't expect these little fellows at the Divine Ocean Realm to be so difficult to deal with!
After all, they were Daoists, and the Divine Dao they cultivated was of great help to them …
"Die for me!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also very angry.
He was suddenly involved in such trouble. The long spear in his hand was like a venomous snake as it pierced towards the Grand Shaman.
The Spear of Law that he cultivated could see through everything!
However, due to the limitation of his cultivation, he could only find very few flaws on the Grand Shaman. However, for Xuanyuan Chenfeng, just one spear strike was enough. As long as he pierced the flaw, even this Sector Lord Grand Shaman would die for sure!
Facing this spear strike, the Grand Shaman was secretly shocked.
These Daoists all had unique cultivation techniques, and they were so powerful that it made one's hair stand on end. If it wasn't for the fact that his cultivation realm was suppressed and caused him to fall back to the Divine Transformation Realm, he probably wouldn't be a match for any of them in a one-on-one battle!
Among these eight people, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's attack was the most fatal.
This kid seemed to be able to see through his meridians. The power of this spear strike might be nothing to a Sector Lord, but this spear strike from the Grand Shaman had a feeling that it would determine his life and death.
"It's too dangerous. Let's kill this kid first!"
Thinking of this, the Grand Shaman suddenly waved the bone staff in his hand, and a little black fog spread out. His body instantly disappeared in the black fog, and at the same time, he dodged Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear strike.
"This move again!"
"Everyone, be careful!"
Luo Zheng and the others reminded each other.
If it was an ordinary Sector Lord, the eight of them might not be unable to win after a bitter battle!
The key was that the ancient Shaman Clan's methods were very unfamiliar. The cultivation techniques they cultivated were not derived from the various laws. The Shaman Clan's methods were very strange, and it was impossible to guard against. When they fought, they were bound!
"Xiu!"
The black fog suddenly solidified and appeared behind Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
The bone staff in the Grand Shaman's hand instantly pierced towards Xuanyuan Chenfeng's back!
"Kaka, the one who should die should be you, kid! Straight Death Staff Strike! "
A shadow of an insect emerged from the Grand Shaman's bone staff again. This strange insect was called "Cicada of Youquan", and it was concocted by the ancient Shaman Clan using a very special method. It was said that this Cicada of Youquan was caught from the Netherworld, and only the Grand Shaman of the Shaman Clan could use it. Every Grand Shaman's bone staff was equipped with seven Cicada of Youquan!
As long as one was hit by this staff, the Cicada of Youquan would be attached to one's body. At that time, even a True God would not be able to save one's life. Therefore, there was the saying "Straight Death Staff Strike", which meant that if one was hit by this staff, one would die immediately.
The Grand Shaman's attack was very sudden. In addition, under Xuanyuan Chenfeng's angry attack, his back was wide open, and the flaw was almost infinite. At this moment, he had no time to escape.
"F * ck, I was killed by this idiot …"

Chapter 1449
Only God knew how much Xuanyuan Chenfeng hated Luo Zheng …
Even in the face of death, he was still angry at Luo Zheng. He didn't care about his own life.
"How dare you! Do you know who he is? "Lie Qianhan shouted angrily.
Ji Luoxue's Five Elements Divine Light flashed. Her beautiful eyes were filled with murderous intent …
The three of them came from the same big force, and they had a special status. None of them had thought that they would die here. Seeing the Great Sorcerer's staff, they blurted it out.
Lie Qianhan's threat might be effective against other forces, but Xuanyuan Chenfeng was the descendant of the Original Sin Heavenly Lord. If he was killed, the one who killed him would definitely die.
However, this threat sounded ridiculous to the Great Sorcerer.
The Ancient Sorcerer Clan was fighting against the entire universe. They had planned for hundreds of millions of years. How could he be afraid of the Original Sin Heavenly Lord?
Moreover, this time, he attacked to eliminate the eight Daoists!
As the insect shadow on the tip of the staff dashed toward Xuanyuan Chenfeng, a figure appeared behind him.
The figure in the middle was Luo Zheng.
"Ah?" Seeing this, Xi Youqin was stunned, but she didn't have time to stop it.
Ku Deng, Hua Tianming, and the others all had different expressions.
None of them had thought that Luo Zheng would help Xuanyuan Chenfeng block this attack!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was also very strange …
"Boom!"
The white jade bone staff hit Luo Zheng's fist!
The Cicada of the Nether Spring attached to the end of the staff flashed a black light and drilled into Luo Zheng's fist.
The Cicada of the Nether Spring was very powerful. It drilled into the body and instantly destroyed the vitality. At the same level, even the Sector Lord would die immediately.
The Grand Shaman sneered as his staff succeeded. He once again turned into black smoke and dodged Lie Qianhan and Ji Luoxue's attacks. Then, he reappeared several feet away. Although he had been entangled with this group of brats for a long time, in the end, these Daoists would die by his hands one by one.
It wouldn't be long before Luo Zheng's vitality was completely devoured, and he would turn into a living corpse and die …
"Luo Zheng!" Xi Youqin hurriedly approached Luo Zheng, her heart filled with unspeakable worry.
The fight between the two sides was interrupted for about ten breaths of time. Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng, waiting for the arrival of the Grim Reaper.
Only Luo Zheng was expressionless. He looked at the Senior Witch in front of him with a faint smile on his face.
After a short while, the sneer on the Great Witch's face began to change, replaced by an expression of seeing a ghost.
As for Ji Luoxue, Xi Youqin, and the others, their worry turned into joy. Luo Zheng seemed to be fine.
"This … This is impossible!" The Great Shaman screamed.
As a Grand Shaman of the Shaman Tribe, he knew very well how terrifying the Cicada of Nether Spring was. It was one of the famous strange insects of the ancient Shaman Tribe, and it was extremely domineering! It was impossible for the person who was hit by this insect to be fine. Otherwise, it wouldn't be called a fatal strike!
Although these Daoists had stepped into the Divine Path, it didn't mean that they were invincible. The ancient Shaman Tribe also passed down their inheritance from the Divine Realm. The Great Shaman couldn't understand the scene in front of him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have no reaction at all.
When this little insect entered his body, Luo Zheng was indeed shocked. He could feel his life force crazily surging out. At this speed, it would only take a few breaths of time for his life force to run out.
However, in an instant, Luo Zheng activated the power transfer.
Luo Zheng didn't have a good impression of Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Moreover, these two guys liked to talk nonsense when they had nothing to do, which made Luo Zheng hate them even more.
However, the ten people of the Heavenly Path had been decided. Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't accept this fact, but he had to admit Luo Zheng's identity. Luo Zheng was the same.
They couldn't really let this guy die here.
In this battle in the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng had an unusually strong advantage.
After he merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, he became an immortal existence. Unless the Great Thousand World was completely destroyed, Luo Zheng couldn't be killed.
At this moment, in several forests in the Great Thousand World, a large area of trees withered at a visible speed …
The attack method of the Cicada of Nether Spring was similar to Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death, but it was countless times more powerful.
The Wind of Life and Death could also kill people instantly, but the annihilation of vitality was limited. Therefore, Ning Yudie had escaped a disaster. This time, Luo Zheng sacrificed tens of thousands of acres of forests in the Central Domain before he stopped.
"Again." As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he suddenly raised his long sword.
The battle that had stopped continued again, but the momentum of the eight Daoists was no longer the same as before!
Luo Zheng took the lead. Bolts of lightning shot out from the Thunder and Wind Serene Divine Sword and surged toward the Great Shaman. Hua Tianming was like a stream of light. Every time he flashed out, the sword light would arrive on time. Dugu, Ji Luoxue, and the others didn't give the Great Shaman any chance to breathe. Their momentum became more and more vigorous.
Under the pressure of everyone's sharp attacks, the Great Shaman retreated step by step!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng pressed his long spear and looked at Luo Zheng, who was at the front. He understood something in his heart.
Even though he had lost to Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng wasn't convinced at all …
Luo Zheng's existence was originally a trace of the Heavenly Dao's omission. He, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, was just unlucky. Or it could be said that because of the ancestor's interference, he lost to Luo Zheng. This defeat was like a thorn in his heart that couldn't be removed. It was unbearable for him at all times.
Only now did Xuanyuan Chenfeng realize that Luo Zheng did have some special characteristics that he, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, didn't have.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't know how Luo Zheng had resolved the Great Shaman's attack, but in that situation just now, if it had been him, he definitely wouldn't have stood out to block the attack.
He was a Daoist, the most important existence. If someone had to die, it would be someone else. No matter if it was him or the elders of the Xuanyuan family, they all thought so.
This was a selfish but correct way of thinking. However, the correct way of thinking might not be the best way of thinking.
"I owe you," Xuanyuan Chenfeng muttered. Then, he raised his spear and followed after them.
That night, the sky above the Central Domain was constantly filled with loud roars. From time to time, there would be surging lightning exploding. Then, there would be a sky full of flames, burning fiercely in the air, almost lighting up half of the sky …
Under their entanglement, the situation began to become one-sided.
After Luo Zheng used his power to transfer, he wasn't afraid of the Great Shaman's various methods. He was like a shadow following the Great Shaman closely.
As for the attacks of the other Daoists, they couldn't be ignored. Although the Great Shaman had the cultivation of a Realm Lord, he didn't have an indestructible body. Moreover, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's 《Spear of Law》 was a fatal threat.
Not long after, the Great Shaman's body was covered with wounds. Green and lustrous blood constantly gushed out from his wounds.
A dignified Realm Lord was actually forced to such a miserable state by a group of Divine Realm brats. It could be said that this was unprecedented …
These eight people were originally the targets of the Great Shaman. At this moment, the two sides had swapped positions. Instead, it was the eight Daoists who were chasing the Great Shaman.
What was more troublesome was the Luo Yan Heart Locking Curse.
The reason why the witchcraft of the Shaman Clan was powerful was that it had a considerable negative effect.
For example, the Shamans and Battle Shamans of the Shaman Clan would produce a strong curse after they died. The small skulls created by the curse were almost indestructible. Ordinary warriors couldn't break them at all … But don't forget, these small skulls could only be created by paying the price of one's life.
Many times, this world was conserved. The extreme of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was to completely lose one's emotions and sacrifice one's six desires. Therefore, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was very powerful. The same principle applied to witchcraft.
After using the Luo Yan Heart Locking Curse, even his own heart was locked together. He couldn't break it himself!
In an incomparably embarrassing situation, the Great Shaman finally made a decision. He tore open a crack and escaped to the other side of the world …
Luo Zheng and the others had already killed their way out. How could they be willing to let this guy go?
They also chased after him through the crack in space. When they entered the other side of the world, they were stunned by the scene in front of them!
As for the Great Shaman, it was as if he had been immobilized. He was frozen on the spot and didn't dare to move at all.
It was only at the other side of the world that Luo Zheng saw the true body of that tail …
The length of this Candle Dragon was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Its slender body looked like a snake, but it had a dragon head. Above the dragon head, there was a raging fire burning!
This was the reason why the Candle Dragon was called the Candle Dragon. According to legend, the flame above the Candle Dragon's head was as chaotic as a candle!
At this moment, this Candle Dragon was fighting fiercely with the Heavenly Lord of Huan Miao.

Chapter 1450
The Candle Dragon was like a great river that stretched for thousands of miles. He kept twisting his body in this empty space!
The Candle Dragon's body was almost identical to a True Dragon's, but his head was completely different. His head was like a bird's beak. At the same time, there was a pair of thin fleshy skirts on both sides of his neck. He looked a bit like a cobra.
The Candle Dragon stared at the strange flame above his head and kept chasing after the Celestial Lord of Huan Miao. The two of them kept shuttling back and forth in this world at a dazzling speed!
The unimaginably huge body kept moving in front of everyone. The patterns on the scales were very exquisite and special, but no one was in the mood to appreciate this scene …
If the Candle Dragon was a Celestial Lord level expert, then this was a battle between two Celestial Lords. Everyone knew that if they were casually swept up by this body, they would probably die immediately!
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, their first thought was to leave this world. The battle here was not something they could get involved in.
Especially Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Ji Luoxue, and the others. They were very clear about the strength of a Celestial Lord. With their current cultivation, if they got involved, they would be turned into ashes if they were not careful.
However, there was a wisp of black smoke in front of everyone's chests. The Luo Yan Heart Locking Spell had locked the Great Shaman and the eight of them together …
"Kill this Great Shaman first, then leave this place!"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng gritted his teeth and said. His eyes were completely red. At this moment, he was also ruthless.
The long spear in his hand spun like a roulette, staring at the Great Shaman in front of him. Blood-red lines were constantly appearing in his pupils. He was constantly overdrawing his eyes, and the blood vessels in his eyes were bursting. However, blood was flowing out from his eyes, which looked very frightening!
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword suddenly flicked. The consciousness in the sword seemed to have been pushed to the limit. Ring-shaped sword patterns spread out and bound the Great Shaman within!
"Little Purple River Sword Array!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
At this moment, Xi Youqin did not hesitate to set up a sword array!
Ning Yudie, Hua Tianming, and Ku Deng did not hold back either …
All of them had only one thought, which was to kill the Senior Magus in the shortest time possible, then escape.
Under the combined efforts of these people, the Great Shaman also began to fight with his life on the line. The barbs all over his body stood up, and his originally twisted body made a strange pose. The shadow of a scorpion appeared behind him!
"Holy Poison Body!"
This was one of the ultimate moves that only the upper echelons of the Ancient Shaman Tribe had. It could stimulate their blood into the most fatal poison, and the price for this move was naturally their own life. This Sacred Poison Body was extremely poisonous, and after it was activated, they would also die from the poison. There was no medicine that could cure it!
There were many cultivation methods in the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe that had powerful side effects. They were sinister methods that could harm both the enemy and oneself.
However, two hours after activating the [Sacred Poison Body], this Great Shaman would be the reincarnation of the Poison God. Whether it was his body, strength, or perception, they would all be greatly strengthened. Two hours later, he would also die from the poison!
The Great Shaman was very unwilling to use the Holy Poison Body, but taking the lives of the eight Daoists was too important. For the sake of the Ancient Shamans, he was willing to sacrifice his own life.
"Hualala …"
After the steaming poisonous gas rose up, the Great Shaman did not dodge. Instead, he charged toward the crowd and allowed the sharp attacks of these juniors to hit him.
The only thing he had to avoid was Xuanyuan Chenfeng's spear.
This fellow's spear technique was too heaven-defying. Every thrust of his spear was a fatal threat. Even with the great strengthening of the [Sacred Poison Body], he could not take this person's spear technique head-on …
The Great Shaman's body was steaming with a deadly green poisonous gas. The Daoists also began to retreat, and their expressions were extremely anxious!
The Candle Dragon's massive body would sweep past them from time to time. As long as they were swept into the Candle Dragon's body, there was no way they could survive. They were walking on the edge of death. Every breath they took would bring them closer to death.
However, they could do nothing to this Great Shaman!
Everyone was retreating, but there was one person who charged forward!
"Luo Zheng, you're crazy!" Ji Luoxue cried out involuntarily.
Before the crowd could react, Luo Zheng crashed into the Great Shaman. He even broke many of the barbs on the Great Shaman's body. Then, his entire body sank into the poisonous gas …
At the same time, Luo Zheng flipped and twisted the Great Shaman's arm. He flipped in the air and came to the back of the Great Shaman. His arms passed under the Great Shaman's armpits and tightly bound the Great Shaman!
"Do it!" Luo Zheng roared.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind was almost empty. He only knew that he had to kill the Great Shaman. Only then would they have a chance to survive.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng gritted his teeth and twisted his body, holding the spear with both hands!
The strength of the Great Shaman who had activated the [Sacred Poison Body] was one level higher. At this moment, he might be able to fight against the Great Realm Lord. There were even fewer flaws in his body!
With Xuanyuan Chenfeng's cultivation, it was too difficult for him to see the flaws in the Great Realm Lord …
However, Luo Zheng had already blocked the Great Shaman with the poisonous gas. How could he hesitate?
The bloody light in his eyes suddenly flickered. Previously, he had already severely overdrawn the power of his eyes. At this moment, under the desperate urging, his eyes actually exploded at this moment. His eyes were completely blind, and two streams of golden blood flowed out from his eye sockets!
However, just before he went blind, he finally saw the flaw of the [Sacred Poison Body]!
"Die!"
The long spear made a spiral in the air. The Spear of Law had already shot towards the Great Shaman!
"Puff!"
Under this spear, it hit the Great Shaman's chest two inches below!
This was the Great Shaman's weak point.
After the spear hit, Xuanyuan Chenfeng reflexively rolled back. Then, he was grabbed by Lie Qianhan. Xuanyuan Chenfeng couldn't see anything, but he knew to stay away from the Great Shaman.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The Great Shaman's face was filled with disbelief.
After activating the [Sacred Poison Body], even if he met a Great Realm Lord, he still had the power to fight. However, in the end, he was surrounded and killed by these little guys of the Divine Realm!
He turned his head with difficulty to look at Luo Zheng behind him. As long as his poisonous gas touched any living thing, it would instantly die. Even Realm Lords didn't dare to touch it. However, this guy was fine …
These little guys were really scary …
That was the last thought in the Great Shaman's mind. Then, his body began to fall apart, turning into bits of black smoke and dissipating!
When the black smoke completely disappeared, Luo Zheng's figure slowly emerged from it. The green poisonous gas still surrounded Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng seemed to be completely fine.
Lie Qianhan and the others only had one thought. Could it be that the Great Shaman's poisonous gas wasn't as scary as they imagined?
As soon as this thought appeared, they rejected it. The Ancient Shaman Tribe was proficient in voodoo techniques. It couldn't be used to scare people. Then, there was only one possibility. This guy seemed to be completely immune to the poison.
The poisonous gas was still attached to Luo Zheng's body. No one dared to go near it. Now, their first priority was to leave this damned place.
"Let's go!"
Without any hesitation, Hua Tianming slashed a crack in space with his sword and was about to leave the reverse side of this world.
However, at this moment, the Candle Dragon's huge dragon tail swept towards them.
The Candle Dragon was a ferocious beast with the power of a Heavenly Venerable. A ferocious beast's body was countless times stronger than a Heavenly Venerable. The power contained in this tail could probably sweep away a continent!
At this moment, everyone couldn't avoid it!
The Heavenly Venerable of Mirage and the Candle Dragon were entangled in a fight.
The Heavenly Venerable of Mirage's technique was powerful, but the Candle Dragon was also tough. The most troublesome thing was that the Heavenly Venerable of Mirage was proficient in the Law of Time. The Heavenly Venerable of Mirage's Mandate of Heaven was one of the Law of Time's Karma. It could cause time to enter a state of relative stillness.
Time couldn't be completely stopped. Even the strongest law of the Heavenly Dao couldn't do that. However, under the Heavenly Venerable of Mirage's control, time could be slowed down infinitely …
However, there was a great drawback to this technique. It could only be effective against living beings under the Heavenly Dao!
The Candle Dragon wasn't a living being under the Heavenly Dao. Thus, the Heavenly Venerable of Mirage's strongest technique lost its effect at this moment!
Once again, he could only rely on his own attainments to keep the Candle Dragon moving around. Once Heavenly Venerable Qian Lan dealt with the Heaven Shaman, the two Heavenly Venerables might be able to kill the Candle Dragon with their combined strength!
However, at this moment, he saw Luo Zheng and the others appear on the reverse side of this world. He also saw the Candle Dragon's tail sweeping towards these Daoists. His expression changed drastically.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1451
The two Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Venerables Huan Miao and Heavenly Venerables Qianlan, had entered the lower realm to protect the eight Daoists.
However, they did not expect to encounter the Candle Dragon and a Heaven Wizard again.
The two Heavenly Venerables also suspected that something extraordinary was hidden in the Great Thousand World. It might even be a conspiracy of the ancient Sorcerer race.
While fighting the Candle Dragon, he had already sent a message to the old clan leader.
Even if the old clan leader wanted to rush to the lower realm, it would take a long time. Moreover, the world was in chaos, and Deities Without Thought and the Heavenly Venerables of the Human Dao Alliance were putting out the fire in their own backyard.
It was good that they could kill the Candle Dragon, but the most important thing for the two Heavenly Venerables was to protect the Daoists.
They did not expect the Daoists to enter the other side of the world.
The Candle Dragon's tail was so powerful that even Heavenly Venerables Huan Miao could not withstand it. The Candle Dragon's tail might turn these little fellows into ashes, and they might not even be able to revive Lin Su.
Heavenly Venerables Huan Miao panicked. However, he was forced by the Candle Dragon's unusual fire and could not spare any means to save them …
The Candle Dragon's tail swept violently, and the ripples caused caused everyone's faces to turn pale.
An opponent of this level was an order of magnitude more powerful than the Grand Wizard …
The eight Daoists might be able to defeat a Realm Lord if they joined forces, but they did not seem to be able to resist a Heavenly Venerables.
Everyone's heart sank into the abyss, and their bodies stiffened in the air.
However, at this moment …
In the end, Luo Zheng stood in front of them.
In the air, he did not retreat. Instead, he advanced and punched the Candle Dragon's tail.
Luo Zheng did not use the power of the dragon scale for this punch.
The power of the dragon scale might increase Luo Zheng's strength greatly, but it was not very effective against the Candle Dragon's huge body …
He only wanted to block the Candle Dragon's attack.
At this moment, the only thing he could rely on was the Great Thousand World.
In fact, Luo Zheng was still a little hesitant. If he blocked the Candle Dragon's attack, he might cause irreversible damage to the Great Thousand World.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had sacrificed more than five million mountains to block the black light. Now, there were only flat lands in the Great Thousand World. there were no more mountains!
Last time, Luo Zheng had sacrificed tens of thousands of mu of forest.
Every time the energy was transferred, it would cause damage to the Great Wide World. This was because Luo Zheng had completely transferred the damage he bore to the Great Wide World.
This time, Luo Zheng had to bear the Candle Dragon's tail-sweeping attack, which was powerful enough to destroy the Great Wide World.
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice.
Just as Old Man Feng had said, the ten Daoists were the hope of saving the universe. They were the final seeds …
If Luo Zheng did not resist, all of these Dao Disciples would perish, and the result would be the destruction of the entire universe. At that time, the disaster would be countless times greater than now!
At this moment, none of the Daoists said anything …
Previously, these Daoists had thought that the difference in strength between the top ten would not be too great.
They were all geniuses, protagonists of the great world. Perhaps Luo Zheng was more important, but each of them was indispensable.
However, Luo Zheng's performance just now had allowed them to see Luo Zheng's strength again.
Luo Zheng had not displayed these abilities in the Illusory Battlefield, but these abilities had allowed them to see Luo Zheng in a new light.
Thus, when they saw that Luo Zheng did not retreat and instead charged toward the dragon's tail, a glimmer of hope ignited in their hearts.
Perhaps this fellow really had the ability to block the dragon's tail-sweeping attack?
However, this thought had just appeared in their minds when it was extinguished by them.
This was just a delusion that they were deceiving themselves.
They knew that Luo Zheng was born with extraordinary strength. However, no matter how strong he was, could he be stronger than the Candle Dragon, who was as strong as a Heavenly Venerable and was a ferocious beast?
Not to mention other things, even ten Heavenly Venerables would find it difficult to suppress the Candle Dragon in a battle of pure strength. This was the difference between a human and a ferocious beast …
"Hualala …"
The Candle Dragon's tail swept over like a huge whip, heavily lashing toward the Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao!
It was as if a layer of the sky was pressing down on them.
As the saying went, if the sky collapsed, there would be a tall person to hold it up. Luo Zheng was that person who held up the sky. However, everyone knew that it was futile.
When Luo Zheng and the Candle Dragon collided, there was almost no sound at all.
It was as if a whip had struck an ant. The difference in size and weight between the two of them was too great, and there was no obstruction at all.
However, at this moment, a miraculous scene occurred!
When the Candle Dragon's tail hit Luo Zheng, it stopped abruptly!
Luo Zheng used his body to block the Candle Dragon's tail and stopped the Candle Dragon's attack.
Crack, crack …
Luo Zheng's body was about the same height as the scales on the Candle Dragon's tail. With this collision, the scales were forcefully shattered …
This did not depend on Luo Zheng's strength. It was just that Luo Zheng's back was against the Great Wide World, and he was like a nail that was fixed in place. When the Candle Dragon swept over, all the power was absorbed by Luo Zheng, and under the rebound, he was injured!
Heavenly Lord Huan Miao was almost in a state of despair …
The ancient Sorcerer Tribe was plotting, and so was the Demi-Immortal Tribe. However, he did not expect that the Demi-Immortal Tribe, after working hard for so many years and betting all their treasures on the Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao, would fail in the end.
This might not be Heavenly Lord Huan Miao's fault, but he still felt hopeless.
However, this scene at this moment was a huge visual impact to this Heavenly Lord who had lived for 130 million years.
It was as if a praying mantis had really blocked the wheels from moving forward. Not only had it blocked, but the praying mantis had also raised its weak front limbs and flipped the entire car over.
This almost overturned everyone's understanding.
Hua Tianming, Ku Deng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, and Lie Qianhan's pale faces gradually turned red, but they were also stunned.
Even though Hua Tianming thought that he knew Luo Zheng better, and even knew some secrets that Luo Zheng himself did not know, at this moment, he realized that he was still too naive … Perhaps Luo Zheng did not know many of the plots, but he did not know all the things that Luo Zheng controlled. However, he could not figure out how Luo Zheng had done it.
Previously, when Luo Zheng blocked the Great Sorcerer's staff, Hua Tianming speculated that Luo Zheng had a secret treasure that could resist the Great Sorcerer's magic. This was not impossible, and it could even be explained that Luo Zheng's life force was so strong that the Cicada of the Nether Spring could not completely suck his life force dry.
The second time, when Luo Zheng attacked and restrained the Great Sorcerer, it could also be seen that Luo Zheng was immune to poison. Although it was abnormal to be able to do this, it was still not beyond the scope of understanding.
However, the scene in front of them was too unbelievable. This was already a situation that they could not understand!
Lie Qianhan could not help but rub his eyes. He doubted what he had seen, but after rubbing for a long time, he still saw the same scene in front of him.
"What happened?" Blood flowed from Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face. He could not sense the Candle Dragon's huge silhouette with his senses. He could only vaguely feel a powerful aura sweeping over. Although he had lost his sight, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was not in a hurry. With the foundation of [Gods No Thoughts], even if he only had half of his body left, as long as he had a breath left, he could recover completely.
"Luo Zheng … blocked the tail of that strange snake," Ji Luoxue said softly.
"… Nonsense!" How could Xuanyuan Chenfeng believe it? However, Ji Luoxue would not lie, let alone in this situation.
However, if they did not see this scene with their own eyes, how could they believe it?
"Roar —"
At this moment, the Candle Dragon suddenly let out a long cry.
It was not a big deal to break a scale on its tail, but it could not accept the fact that an ant had broken its scale.
It wriggled its huge body and was about to sweep out again.
This time, the Heavenly Lord of Huan Miao was going to attack. He would not make such a mistake again.
If it was possible, the Heavenly Lord of Huan Miao was willing to sacrifice himself to save the lives of these Daoists … If the Heavenly Lords died, they could use the Crown of Destiny to create another Heavenly Lord.
If these Daoists died, where would they create another True God?
Just as the Heavenly Lord of Huan Miao was fighting with the Candle Dragon, there was a huge change in the Greater World.
The power of the tail was almost completely transferred to the Greater World by Luo Zheng.
A battle between Heavenly Lords could even destroy a big world, let alone a Greater World.

Chapter 1452
The Wasteland Continent was uninhabited, and there was almost no change for countless years.
Lush vegetation covered the land, and countless ferocious beasts and unknown creatures were hidden within it …
Even the smallest ant was extremely dangerous. Wherever the Jungle Army Ants passed, the land would be barren, and even ferocious beasts would avoid them. These fist-sized ants could gnaw a giant elephant into a skeleton within a few breaths of time.
Back then, almost all of the experts from the God Nation Continent had perished there. In the end, the God Nation Continent gave up on exploring this wasteland.
For countless years, only Hua Tianming had truly ventured deep into the Wasteland Continent and taken away Chiyou's treasure.
At this moment, the entire Wasteland Continent began to tremble.
A huge crack extended continuously from one end of the Wasteland Continent, forming a bottomless canyon. Countless ferocious beasts howled in anguish.
"Rumble …"
The huge force was like a pair of invisible scissors, constantly cutting this Wasteland Continent. This continent, which was twice as wide as the God Nation Continent, was constantly falling apart.
Torrential seawater formed a wall of water that was thousands of feet tall. It poured in through the huge crack and crazily scoured the exposed surface of the continent. Countless creatures ran wildly in all directions on this continent.
The seawater sank deep into the crack in the continent, forming a huge siphon effect. Finally, it surged out in the opposite direction of the crack and rushed toward the God Nation Continent!
Fortunately, the cities of the four God Nations were concentrated around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. There were few people at the edge of the continent, and the tsunami did not cause too much damage to the God Nation Continent. However, the waves from the sea still alerted the four God Nations.
The Candle Dragon's attack had been diverted by Luo Zheng, and it had forcefully caused the Wasteland Continent to collapse …
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng would not explain anything to everyone here.
If the Candle Dragon's tail swept over again, how could he resist? Could it be that he had to sacrifice the Central Domain and the God Nation Continent?
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng tore open a crack in space and instantly went out.
The other Daoists also tore open cracks in space and returned to the front side of this world.
Under the dim moonlight, the faces of the Daoists were filled with shock and uncertainty … After all, they had all thought that they were finished a moment ago.
When the Dao Children looked at Luo Zheng again, their gazes also changed.
Taking the Candle Dragon's attack head-on … Even if they expanded their thoughts to the extreme, they would still find it hard to imagine how Luo Zheng had done it.
There were countless secret treasures in this universe, and each of them had different functions. However, even the top ten treasures on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele couldn't display such an effect. It was too incredible.
"What do we do now?" Ji Luoxue asked.
"If that Candle Dragon chases after us, we'll be in big trouble," said Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, looking at Luo Zheng.
No matter what, this place was extremely dangerous for the eight of them, and they absolutely couldn't stay here for long. The wisest choice was to leave at this moment.
"You guys … leave first. I won't leave." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he activated the Teleportation Token again.
Ku Deng and the others nodded. They didn't need to take risks because of what was happening in front of them. Leaving at this moment was definitely the wisest choice.
However, the moment Luo Zheng activated the Teleportation Token, the minute space energy couldn't gather. The blazing white light turned into strands of oddly shaped fragments, scattering in all directions like colored glass.
"What's going on?" Hua Tianming frowned slightly.
"It seems that all the space energy can't gather together." Luo Zheng's face also showed a strange expression. He had never seen such a situation before.
Speaking of this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed as he tried to use the Space Shuttle. However, as soon as his figure disappeared, he seemed to hit an invisible wall and stumbled in the air.
"Space Imprisonment!" Ji Luoxue's eyes flashed as she said immediately.
Lie Qianhan's face changed suddenly. He looked up and said, "Someone has imprisoned this part of the world …"
"Who could it be?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng said with his eyes closed. At this moment, he had wiped away the golden blood on his face. Since he was blind, he was more anxious to leave this place. When he heard about the Space Imprisonment, he naturally became more nervous.
"I'm afraid only a Celestial Venerable would be able to confine the Greater Thousand Realms. Perhaps they only confine this region. Let's try another place." At this moment, Luo Zheng truly wanted to send them out.
They sank down. After a long distance, Luo Zheng activated the Teleportation Token again, but the result was the same. It seemed that all the Space Law had lost its effect here.
"It seems that this time, we're really going to die here." Xuanyuan Chenfeng smiled bitterly.
In contrast, Hua Tianming was more open-minded. He asked Luo Zheng with a smile, "Luo Zheng, how did you block the Candle Dragon's attack just now?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, but he chuckled and said, "I can't tell you at this stage!"
In fact, Luo Zheng did not need to hide this matter. Although the fusion with the Will of the Great Thousand World was Luo Zheng's secret, this secret could not be taken away by others. However, Hua Tianming obviously knew a lot of things, but he had been keeping Luo Zheng in suspense. Now, he was returning the favor.
Hua Tianming sniffed and looked at the thick clouds in the sky that were moving rapidly. He did not pursue Luo Zheng and only said, "It seems that something big is going to happen in this Great Thousand World. However, I keep feeling that something is wrong. It seems that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe has set a trap here …"
"A trap? Against us? "Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao asked.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "No, maybe it's a trap against the Heavenly Masters."
It was not hard to guess that the Eight Children of the Heavenly Dao were in danger, and the two Heavenly Masters who were supposed to protect them were in a life-and-death battle. People like Old Man Feng and the Heavenly Master of Original Sin would definitely not be able to sit still. They would definitely rush over as soon as possible.
With the speed of a Heavenly Master, even if the lower realm and the upper realm were far apart, they would still be able to rush over in a short time.
When that time came, the Candle Dragon and the Heavenly Sorcerer would definitely die.
There were not many Heavenly Sorcerers in the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. At least, there were less than the number of Heavenly Masters. It was very likely that there were no more than ten of them.
At this stage, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe would not foolishly fight the Heavenly Master of Original Sin and the others head-on.
The Candle Dragon did not leave and chose to fight the Heavenly Master of Mystery. This in itself showed that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was not afraid of the Great Thousand World's reinforcements.
"The Ancient Sorcerer Tribe's strength was not enough, but they were not afraid of reinforcements." Ji Luoxue frowned. "Then, the only possibility is that this is a trap.
"Ji Luoxue has already thought of it." Hua Tianming smiled slightly.
"What's the use of thinking it through?" Lie Qianhan said coldly. "We can't leave this damned place. I have two Roaring Tokens, but we can't use them to transmit sound out of this place …"
Luo Zheng drifted downwards for a distance. At this moment, he turned around and said, "We can't leave this place. Let's return to the Cloud Hall first."
Along the way, Luo Zheng's brows were tightly knitted.
He had returned to the lower realm to rescue Ning Yudie. This matter could not have been planned by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe.
On the other hand, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was very concerned about Ning Yudie and the Ninth Palace Master returning to the lower realm. That was why they had chased after them.
There was no connection between the two.
Just as Hua Tianming had speculated, the Great Thousand World was a trap. However, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe did not intend to activate this trap now. It should be a coincidence that they had entered this trap.
This trap should be related to the Starry Sea Storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean!
However, Luo Zheng could not find the answer to what exactly this trap was.
With his current strength, he could not interfere in a battle between Heavenly Venerables. At this stage, Luo Zheng could only return to the Cloud Hall first.
On the way back to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng took out the Gen Token and tried to communicate with the Immortal Mansion …
This Immortal Mansion was Luo Zheng's final barrier. If he could not enter the Immortal Mansion, then it would be really troublesome.
Soon, Luo Zheng's expression became even more unsightly.
Luo Zheng could quickly return to the Immortal Mansion through the Gen Token, but this did not mean that he had brought the Immortal Mansion with him. From beginning to end, the Immortal Mansion had been located in the huge forest. The Gen Token had only built a special passage.

Chapter 1453
According to Luo Zheng's plan, he would bring all the important people around him into the Immortal Abode when he returned to the Lower Realm this time.
Under the protection of this Immortal Abode, they would be absolutely safe.
At this moment, this path had been completely sealed by the Spatial Shackles …
The seven people behind him followed him silently. Although they did not speak, Luo Zheng could sense their nervousness.
Although they were powerful, they were still too young.
Now that they were following him, their hearts were probably in a mess.
This atmosphere made Luo Zheng feel a trace of heaviness.
Hua Tianming told himself that fate was just a beautiful lie. However, he had led everyone to this point, so he had to bring them out eventually …
The Cloud Hall in the distance was faintly discernible in the clouds. When Luo Zheng approached, he discovered that the Cloud Hall was now empty. Almost all the martial artists had been evacuated.
In a battle between Heavenly Venerables, this kind of retreat was almost meaningless.
If the Candle Dragon and Heavenly Venerate Huan Miao wanted to fight in the Central Domain, they could destroy the entire Central Domain in a few moves.
In the face of absolute power, weak martial artists were like fish on a chopping board. They had no room to fight back.
Just like Luo Zheng, who had been cultivating for so long, the martial artists in the Central Domain could not compare to him. However, this still could not change anything …
Soon, Luo Zheng found Ning Yudie in the ice palace at the top of the Cloud Hall.
She was sitting cross-legged in the center of the ice palace, cultivating wholeheartedly.
However, the vital essence in the Lower Realm was too thin. The cultivation speed of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist in the Lower Realm was far slower than in the Upper Realm.
Luo Zheng descended from the sky well of the ice palace, and the seven Dao Disciples followed him in.
Ning Yudie heard the commotion and opened her eyes.
She had been busy the entire night, and her face was slightly tired. This was not physical fatigue, but mental fatigue.
There were too many things that made her afraid, and her nerves were almost always in a state of tension.
She was worried that Luo Zheng would never return. She was worried that those experts would destroy the Central Domain. She was also worried about Nian 'er's situation.
At this moment, seeing Luo Zheng appear, she squeezed out a smile on her tired face.
"Where is Nian 'er?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Master took him to the east. It should be safe," Ning Yudie said.
Upon hearing this, the Daoists retorted in their hearts. Safety … There was no such thing as safety in the Great Wide World. No matter where they hid, they might be affected by those Heavenly Venerables if they were not careful.
Luo Zheng also had the same idea. He had used his power to destroy a wild continent with his own hands, so he understood that hiding was meaningless.
However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to let the disciples of the Cloud Hall return.
Humans often had this mentality. Even if they knew that they couldn't escape, they would still stubbornly look for a relatively safe place to live.
As for the next step, Luo Zheng didn't give any specific suggestions.
Everyone sat down and meditated in the ice palace, waiting quietly.
Xi Youqin was too lazy to meditate. Instead, she leaned against Luo Zheng and fell asleep. Ning Yudie took a few glances and also admired this woman for being able to fall asleep in such a situation …
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao, Ji Luoxue, and the others still didn't give up. After some discussion, the two of them each proposed a way to get out of this predicament.
Ji Luoxue's idea was to remove the effect of the Moon-Concealing Stone and use the repulsive force of the Great Wide World to push them out.
She quickly put her idea into action.
After Ji Luoxue released the Moon-Concealing Stone, the repulsive force of the Great Wide World exerted itself on her.
This repulsive force couldn't be resisted and would keep dragging her into the Ascension Passage. This scene made the Daoists look hopeful. Perhaps they could use the Ascension Passage to escape this space imprisonment?
However, Ji Luoxue flew up lightly and finally stopped in the air. The Ascension Passage never appeared.
In fact, when Ji Luoxue proposed this idea, everyone expected this to happen. The Ascension Passage was originally a manifestation of the space rules. Now that space was imprisoned, the Ascension Passage naturally couldn't appear.
As for Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's idea, it was more direct.
Now that everyone was imprisoned in this world and couldn't use the space rules, they could directly pass through the astral wind layer.
Although the astral wind at the top of the Great Wide World was powerful, they still had a way to resist it.
This plan was very feasible. After Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao proposed it, Lie Qianhan agreed. Then, the two of them, together with Ku Deng, set off from the top of the Cloud Hall and went all the way up.
After about four hours, the three of them returned to the Cloud Hall unhappily.
Looking at their expressions, Luo Zheng knew that they must have failed.
"After passing through the astral wind layer, there's an impenetrable space. We've used all kinds of methods, but we still can't get through," Lie Qianhan said gloomily.
Luo Zheng comforted him. In this situation, they could only wait.
Unknowingly, a night had passed. The sky was already bright.
Hua Tianming quietly stood up. He took out the Sword Tengshe. With a light wave of his sharp sword, a small crack appeared in the void.
The back of the space was originally endless darkness. Normally, it was very difficult to see anything when a small crack appeared.
However, the situation was different when the Candle Dragon and the Heavenly Lord of Mirage fought. He just wanted to see a little.
Seeing this, Ji Luoxue asked, "How's the situation?"
Hua Tianming shook his head. "I can't see anything."
There was no obstruction on the back of the space. When the human and dragon fought, it was very easy for them to escape far away …
This answer made everyone feel a little better.
At least they were already far away from the Central Domain. However, for Heavenly Lords, this distance was just a step away.
However, at that moment, Luo Zheng and the rest suddenly felt an extremely powerful aura descend. He was not the only one who felt this aura. The few Dao Disciples, including Ning Yudie, and even all the living beings in the Central Domain subconsciously looked up at the sky.
That majestic aura was like a layer of the sky directly covering them. It made the hearts of billions of living beings palpitate.
The clouds at the top of the Cloud Hall kept surging. Like a huge reverse whirlpool, they quickly dissipated into the surroundings …
Then, seven figures rapidly descended. In the blink of an eye, the few Dao Disciples, who were originally looking up, started to look at these seven figures at the same level.
"Patriarch …"
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng was blind, he could still feel the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin's aura.
From yesterday until now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been in a state of panic. However, when he felt the aura of the Xuanyuan family's Patriarch, he relaxed a lot.
For him, the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin represented the most powerful existence in the universe. With him here, he was naturally safe.
Not only Xuanyuan Chenfeng, but Ji Luoxue, Ku Deng, and the others also heaved a long sigh of relief. Whether this Great Thousand World was a trap or not, it was much safer to see their family's elders.
This time, it was not only the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin who came. Old Feng, the Heavenly Lord of Revelation, and the Heavenly Lord of Thunder Punishment also appeared!
From the looks of it, it seemed that the trouble caused by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe in the universe had been solved. However, even the usually amiable Old Man Feng had a cold expression on their faces. It seemed that the trouble was bigger than they had imagined.
The Heavenly Lord of Original Sin glanced at the few Dao Disciples. After confirming the number, he said indifferently, "Take them away."
The Heavenly Lord of Thunder Punishment raised his long sleeve. A Cosmos Bag flew out from it and sucked Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others in first.
When it was Luo Zheng's turn, he dodged to the side and said with a sullen face, "I won't leave."
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1454
The Celestial Venerables had naturally received the summons of Huan Miao and Venerable Qian Lan.
The first step after arriving at the Cloud Hall was to protect the eight Daoists, but Luo Zheng was determined not to leave.
They didn't force him. They left Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin here and then escaped into the Void.
Since these Celestial Venerables were here, the Space Shackles must have been removed.
Since that was the case, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated.
No matter how the situation in the Vast Thousand World evolved, Luo Zheng first had to transfer Ning Yudie and the others to a safe place.
Next, Luo Zheng left the Cloud Hall with Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. They found Granny Yu and Nian 'er 150 kilometers north of Cloud Sea City, and then they found Red Maple, Pei Tianyao, and the others.
Then, he activated the Gen token in his hand in front of everyone.
Luo Zheng didn't warn them. Although the Immortal Mansion itself was no small matter, and the secrets inside could not be leaked, there were restrictions everywhere in the Immortal Mansion. Without the token in Luo Zheng's hand, they couldn't move around at all, so the Immortal Mansion became their temporary refuge.
Luo Zheng himself didn't enter.
Since returning to the Vast Thousand World, he faintly felt that the Will of the Vast Thousand World had undergone some strange changes.
As soon as he returned, he already knew that one end of the Vast Thousand World had been damaged. In other words, the two Vast Thousand Worlds were connected to each other without any obstruction.
In the past few days, he suddenly discovered that the barrier on the other end of the Vast Thousand World seemed to have been opened!
Luo Zheng searched the memories of the Vast Thousand World but didn't get a definite answer. There were only two things that he was sure of. The barrier was definitely destroyed by someone, and the person who destroyed it was definitely not a creature of the Vast Thousand World. It was most likely the Ancient Shaman Tribe. As for their true purpose, Luo Zheng didn't know.
It was also because of this point that Luo Zheng decided to stay.
Everyone in the Central Domain was on tenterhooks about the Cloud Hall incident …
News of calamities always spread extraordinarily quickly. All the cultivators in the Cloud Hall had been dismissed, and news of countless refugees had appeared in Ocean of Clouds City had spread through the various teleportation channels at an extremely fast speed.
The Central Domain was the soil they relied on to survive. Where could they go after leaving the Central Domain? Not everyone can pass through the storm of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
After settling everything, Luo Zheng went to the other side of the world.
The reverse side of the world was a void that was shrouded in pure darkness. After Old Man Feng and the other Heavenly Lords entered the reverse side of the world, they had already escaped far away.
After determining the direction, Luo Zheng quickly flew in the boundless darkness.
When Celestial Venerables fought, they could move thousands of miles in the blink of an eye. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to follow their footsteps.
While Luo Zheng was exploring the Void, somewhere tens of thousands of miles away, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
The Candle Dragon that stretched for thousands of miles was currently coiled up. The wisp of 'Heavenly Flame' on top of its huge 'snake head' was already extremely dim. Its pair of strange snake eyes were staring straight ahead.
The Candle Dragon's body was already covered in wounds.
With the Candle Dragon's strength, he could fight against a middle-level Heavenly Venerable without being defeated. Old Man Feng, Heavenly Venerable Original Sin, Heavenly Venerable Thunder Punishment, and Heavenly Venerable Oracle were all upper-level Heavenly Venerables in the universe.
In the face of such powerful opponents, the Holy Beast of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe did not have the ability to fight back at all.
Heavenly Venerable Huan Miao, who had fought with the Candle Dragon previously, was already severely injured and had fled far away. As for Heavenly Venerable Qian Lan, he had also killed the Heaven Sorcerer and joined the ranks of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe to hunt down the Candle Dragon …
The Heavenly Venerables did not have much of an expression on their faces.
This trip to the Lower Realm was just to eliminate the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe as a nuisance.
The Candle Dragon in front of them was a treasure after being killed. Whether it was the pair of huge snake eyes or the Mystical Fire on top of his head, they were all extremely precious materials. The Heavenly Venerables had already begun to think about how to distribute the loot after killing the Candle Dragon …
However, at this moment.
In the center of the storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, in front of the tower that was hidden at the core.
Countless Battle Sorcerers prostrated themselves in front of the tower. The Great Sorcerer in the lead held a bone staff in his hand. A wisp of Netherworld Fire rose from the end of the bone staff. Everyone began to chant a complicated incantation continuously.
As they continued to chant, the Battle Sorcerers began to disintegrate one after another.
From their physical bodies to their souls, they turned into wisps of green flames that rapidly gathered at the end of the bone staff in the Great Sorcerer's hand!
That wisp of flame became more and more vigorous!
Swoosh!
The Netherworld Fire rose into the air, and the fire was extremely fierce. Then, the Great Sorcerer carefully extended the bone staff and slowly placed it in front of the tower!
Whoosh …
The Netherworld's Fire quickly revolved around the tower.
"Wuyaka!"
After the Great Sorcerer recited the incantation, he turned into a wisp of Netherworld Fire and entered the tower …
At this moment, the tower also began to slowly rotate, and the rotation speed became faster and faster. At the same time, many small cracks began to appear on the surface of the tower.
"Crack, crack …"
The cracks continued to expand, as if something was trapped inside and wanted to rush out of the tower!
At the same time, the storm in the core of the Chaotic Astral Ocean became stronger and stronger. Under the crazy cutting of the wind blades, the space was also constantly collapsing!
Under the countless cutting of the wind blades, countless spatial cracks appeared in the space in this area. Some of the wind blades spread through the cracks.
"Dong …"
In the end, the tower still exploded.
From the tower, an invisible will began to spread out rapidly!
And this storm turned into the help of this will!
At the same time, outside of hundreds of neighboring worlds, a similar tower exploded. In this world, there was a place of storm. Warriors in this world called it the "Forbidden Area of the God of Wind". It was said that there was a God of Wind living in the center of the storm. Therefore, the gale in this place never dissipated. Even warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm would not be able to make it out alive!
After the pagoda exploded, there was also an invisible will that spread out!
These two towers were not the only ones that exploded at the same time. In fact, the towers that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had placed in the Greater World were also arranged according to a certain plan after precise calculations!
At this moment, as these pagodas continued to erupt, the willpower in the pagodas rapidly spread throughout the Upper-Class World. Almost all the barriers of these Upper-Class Worlds were broken through, and the invisible willpower spread from the opening of one Upper-Class World to the next!
Old Man Feng and the others confronted the Candle Dragon for a while before the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin made the first move.
Even in the face of the Candle Dragon's strong physical body, the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin was not afraid at all. He planned to fight force with force …
Hiss!
The Candle Dragon let out a sharp cry, and its huge body twisted in the void. It had chosen to retreat.
How could the Heavenly Lords let the Candle Dragon go? They all turned into streaks of light and surrounded it from different directions.
However, at this moment, the will had already spread out. When the Heavenly Lords sensed the will, their expressions changed. As if someone had cast a spell on them, they all froze on the spot.

Chapter 1455
After Luo Zheng merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds, he himself became the child of the Vast Thousand Worlds.
In fact, he was the master of the Vast Thousand Worlds!
Therefore, he could naturally transfer his power to the Vast Thousand Worlds and even look up the memories of any time and place in the Vast Thousand Worlds!
However, that will spread over and gradually merged into the Great Wide World!
Luo Zheng could not stop this fusion. Because Luo Zheng's will had merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds, three wills had merged with each other!
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that this will was spreading at an extremely fast speed!
In less than ten breaths of time, this will had spread outside the Vast Thousand Worlds and merged with the wills of the other Vast Thousand Worlds again, continuing to spread rapidly!
"This …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
Previously, after these worlds were damaged, Luo Zheng felt that he could detect more distant worlds, such as the sea area of the connected Vast Thousand Worlds.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng also felt that the range of his perception was increasing at an incredible speed!
Luo Zheng was able to sense everything that was happening in the surrounding four great worlds with great detail.
For example, in the Greater Thousand World in the south, there was only one huge continent. This continent was almost twenty times the size of the Divine Kingdom's continent. The sea area in that Greater Thousand World was not that big, only occupying about a third of it.
The Greater Thousand World in the north was the complete opposite. The entire world was an ocean world with all kinds of islands. On these islands, there were all kinds of living beings, and the majority of these living beings were also from the Human Race …
After 100 breaths of time, Luo Zheng could perceive 16 Vast Thousand Worlds!
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Luo Zheng could already sense more than four hundred great worlds …
At this moment, the frantically spreading will gradually slowed down.
"Is the limit less than 500 Vast Thousand Worlds?" Luo Zheng kept perceiving in his mind and had a rough estimate in his heart.
However, he did not know if the transfer of power could target these Great Thousand Worlds. If it could be transferred to these Great Thousand Worlds, it would be a great boost for Luo Zheng. However, he hoped that this will could spread further!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly realized that the number of worlds he could sense had doubled. It had directly increased from 500 worlds to over 1,000 worlds!
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
He pondered for a while and soon understood that this will had spread out from the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean and eventually spread to more than five hundred Great Thousand Worlds. In fact, this kind of extremely special will was not limited to only one. It also existed in other Great Thousand Worlds. As it continued to spread, the two wills converged and merged.
"Could it be that millions of Greater Worlds will be connected? If this was really set up by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, then what they are plotting is truly terrifying! "Luo Zheng was thoroughly shocked.
As soon as he came to this conclusion, the Great Wide World that Luo Zheng could perceive in his mind suddenly doubled.
3,000 Great Wide Worlds …
These wills continued to spread from their positions and began to merge with the wills scattered across millions of Great Thousand Worlds. The number of worlds Luo Zheng could perceive began to increase, and the speed of increase was getting faster and faster.
Fifteen thousand Great Thousand Worlds …
40,000 Great Wide Worlds …
100,000 Great Wide Worlds …
300,000 Great Wide Worlds …
800,000 Great Wide Worlds …
The further it went, the faster it spread. However, in the end, it still stopped.
Because in Luo Zheng's mind, he could already perceive millions of Great Thousand Worlds. To be exact, there were 1,000,000 and 33 Great Thousand Worlds.
This was a very wonderful feeling.
Everything in the 1,000,000 and 33 Great Thousand Worlds was connected into a whole!
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was able to sense anything in this whole entity!
In each Great Thousand World, there were countless creatures living, cultivating, fighting, and reproducing. These Great Thousand Worlds hid many secrets, secret realms, and treasures, waiting for warriors to discover, excavate, and explore.
However, Luo Zheng only needed a thought, and these secrets would belong to him.
100,000 Great Thousand Worlds away from Luo Zheng, a war between different races broke out on a continent. All the demons were slaughtered by the Demon Night Clan, and the remaining few hundred demons launched a counterattack. In another Great Thousand World connected to this continent, a grand ceremony was being held. It seemed to be the wedding of the Monarch of a Divine Nation …
Luo Zheng could completely grasp the information of a war between sects, a mortal, or even a bug that spread its wings and flew high!
At this moment, Luo Zheng even had an illusion that he was the god of all the Great Thousand Worlds!
What made Luo Zheng even more speechless was that when this will spread to the edge of the Great Thousand Worlds, it seemed to have a faint tendency to go upward. Moreover, it spread through countless ascension passages into the universe. At the end of these ascension passages were 100,000 Great Worlds and countless stars!
Luo Zheng was speechless. This will wouldn't spread to the Upper World, would it? He didn't know if the power transfer would work.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng flipped his hand and slapped his chest.
In a Great Thousand World tens of millions of miles away from Luo Zheng, a stone in the forest of a continent exploded without warning!
"This …" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, but a smile appeared on his face.
In theory, Luo Zheng had merged all the Great Thousand Worlds. As long as he was in the Great Thousand Worlds, unless his opponent could destroy millions of Great Thousand Worlds, he was an invincible existence!
However, if he fought with a Celestial Venerable expert, he would still be in a very sorry state. After all, the Candle Dragon could destroy an entire continent with a sweep of his tail. If Luo Zheng continued to bear the attacks of a Celestial Venerable, the people in the Great Thousand Worlds would probably be plunged into misery and suffering.
Luo Zheng continued to sense the changes in the will of the Great Thousand Worlds.
At the same time …
Old Man Feng and the others felt the changes, and their expressions were as ugly as they could be.
"This is the real plan of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe?" The Heavenly Venerable of Original Sin's expression was grave.
"They want to control the Way of the Heavens … This is impossible!" The Heavenly Venerable Shen Yu frowned and said.
As for the Candle Dragon in front of them, it was also undergoing a drastic change at that moment. Its gigantic body kept on twisting and shrinking. However, the Candle Dragon had chosen to transform at that moment!
Its huge body finally transformed into a petite lady. However, this lady had no hair, and there was only a wisp of Mystical Fire burning slowly above her head.
After transforming, the Candle Dragon was still covered in injuries. However, as it stared at the Heavenly Venerables, a cold smile appeared on its face. "I have disappointed all of you!"
After saying that, a rune that looked like a map appeared between its eyebrows. The rune flickered rapidly like a firefly, causing the Candle Dragon to enter a certain state.

Chapter 1456
Luo Zheng's soul had fused with all the wills of the Great Thousand Worlds.
The wills of the Great Thousand Worlds didn't have any thoughts, they would only react instinctively when the Great Thousand Worlds were damaged.
In a way, Luo Zheng's soul was able to control all the Great Thousand Worlds!
The will was extremely powerful, and it wasn't something Luo Zheng could fight against with his current strength.
However, Luo Zheng had taken the initiative, he didn't need to rely on his own soul to fight against this will.
With just a single thought, he could use the will of the Great Thousand Worlds to fight against it.
No matter how powerful one's soul was, it was impossible to fight against the will of the Great Thousand Worlds. Furthermore, this was a will formed from the union of a million and three Great Thousand Worlds. It had gone beyond the strength of all living beings in the universe.
Even Heavenly Sovereigns who were proficient in cultivating their souls couldn't fight against it.
"It seems like this will is using some kind of secret technique to fuse with the will of the Great Thousand Worlds." A strange expression emerged on Luo Zheng's face.
He had accidentally fused with the will of the Great Thousand Worlds, but it seemed like the other party was doing it on purpose!
With this thought in mind, Luo Zheng smiled. Following Luo Zheng's thought, the will of the Great Thousand Worlds erupted with killing intent!
"Swoosh …"
The invisible killing intent spread out in all directions!
All living beings in the million and three Great Thousand Worlds raised their heads and looked over at the same time.
Countless Xiantian living beings, Radiant God warriors, Divine Core warriors …
The lords of the Sacred Lands, the lords of the Divine Kingdoms, the ferocious beasts hiding under the ground, and the mighty warriors standing on top of the mountains, all of them could sense the killing intent.
"This … this is the killing intent of the Heavenly Dao!"
"The Heavenly Dao is enraged! Who is the one that has caused the Heavenly Dao to be enraged?!"
"Please calm down, Heavenly Dao!"
"This is a great opportunity, I'm going to comprehend the supreme True Intent from the Heavenly Dao!"
Countless living beings were trying to guess the meaning behind this killing intent. But, what they didn't know was that this killing intent was just triggered by Luo Zheng's thought.
How powerful was this killing intent?
In just a split second, the powerful will that invaded the Great Thousand Worlds was instantly extinguished by the will of the Great Thousand Worlds.
That powerful consciousness was like a candle flame standing in the middle of a torrential downpour. It was instantly extinguished!
At the same time, the Heavenly Venerables also felt the killing intent.
Old Man Feng, Heavenly Lord of Original Sin, Heavenly Lord of Oracle, and the others were also perplexed. Where did this murderous intent come from?
They naturally did not believe that the Great Wide World would really be enraged.
The Boundless World did have a certain level of self-consciousness, but that kind of consciousness would not transform into specific emotions. It could even be said that the Heavenly Dao was like a puppet that could move freely. It would only operate according to certain rules!
What was even more unexpected was that as soon as the killing intent appeared, the talisman that looked like a map on the Candle Dragon's forehead suddenly shattered. At the same time, the Candle Dragon let out a sharp shriek and could not help but cover her head with her hands!
Consciousness was an extension of the soul. Her consciousness had been directly destroyed by Luo Zheng. Naturally, she was in incomparable pain!
But compared to the shock in his heart, this pain was nothing!
When she combined with the will of the Great Wide World, she discovered that there was another consciousness in the will of the Great Wide World!
That strand of consciousness seemed to have been there for a long time. How was that possible?
The Ancient Shamans had spent countless years and countless amounts of blood to plan this grand scheme.
Their goal was to take control of the entire Heavenly Dao without anyone noticing.
Countless plans were proposed. After countless sleepless days and nights, they finally decided on this plan. They started from the bottom of the Great Wide World and gradually spread it to the entire Great Wide World. Finally, they reached the stars in the sky …
There were countless difficulties in this plan, but they were all overcome by the Ancient Shamans.
For example, a million Incarnation Comprehension Crystals …
This Incarnation Comprehension Crystal was a treasure for cultivating the soul.
It was widely used in the Divine Territory to cultivate the soul.
This Heavenly Dao had to be cultivated in the Great Wide World and crystallized in the depths of the Earth. After countless years of growth, it would grow.
This process was measured in hundreds of millions of years. The time span was four to five billion years.
The most troublesome thing was that when Yan Ji was destroyed, the Incarnation Comprehension Crystals that they had painstakingly cultivated were also destroyed once …
Billions of years of persistence were destroyed in a day. But the Ancient Shamans did not give up. They could only start all over again.
In fact, the plan of the Ancient Shamans was the same as that of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. All the plans were written in their blood and passed down from generation to generation. They continued to add bricks and tiles to the bricks and tiles. Only then could they complete an incredible feat with a long span of time.
All the storms spread at the same time and merged a false will with the Great Wide World. At that time, the Candle Dragon and other Sacred Beasts, as well as the Heaven Shamans of the Ancient Shamans, would be connected to the Great Wide World. They would become the actual controllers.
At that time, they would have the strength to fight against the Celestial Venerables of the Great Wide World. Only then would they have the qualifications to compete with the Demi-Immortal Tribe.
For this operation, they even pretended to attack the Great Wide World and launched a destructive attack on some of the Holy Lands in the Great Wide World. At the same time, they spread the news that they were awakening the Ferocious Beasts in the Great Wide World. The real plan was carried out together!
It was just that when they were pretending to attack the Huan Yu World, there was a small mistake, and they were forced into the Lower Realm by Ning Yudie and the others. It just so happened that the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had set up a storm in that Upper Realm!
Coincidentally, because of Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie's whereabouts attracted Old Man Feng's divination.
The Ancient Shamans were worried that their plan would be exposed. In the end, they had no choice but to carry out their plan in advance. Even if they did it in front of the Celestial Venerables, they could be considered to have succeeded.
However, they did not expect that before the false will spread and merged, Luo Zheng had already merged with the will of one of the Great Wide Worlds. With the help of the diffusion of the false will, Luo Zheng became the actual controller of all the Great Wide Worlds!
Therefore, the Candle Dragon's merging failed. This was a failure that the Ancient Shamans could not tolerate.
After Luo Zheng destroyed the Candle Dragon's will, he quickly discovered that a few other strong wills were trying to merge with the will of the Great Wide World.
These wills were either the Sacred Beasts of the Ancient Shamans who were hiding in the Great Wide World or the powerful Heaven Shamans …
How could Luo Zheng tolerate the invasion of these wills?
With a thought, the will of the Great Wide World produced waves of murderous intent and wiped out all of these wills.
Therefore, besides the Candle Dragon, the Heaven Shamans also experienced extreme pain. At the same time, they discovered that there was a detestable soul hidden in the will of the Great Wide World!
"Who exactly is that fellow!"
All the Heaven Shamans of the Ancient Shamans roared crazily!
Indignation, anger, disappointment, powerlessness — these emotions reverberated continuously on the other side of the Great Wide World …
The strange expressions on the faces of Old Man Feng and the other Celestial Venerables slowly turned into relieved smiles.
They now knew about the Ancient Shamans' plan. A moment ago, they were still extremely worried. After all, once all the Great Wide Worlds were controlled, they would be in a passive position. However, at this moment, they saw the Candle Dragon's failure!
However, the Celestial Venerables were also baffled. Judging from the Candle Dragon's miserable cries, it seemed that its soul had been damaged. With the Candle Dragon's soul power, who else in this world could injure it severely besides the Celestial Venerables?
Thus, the Celestial Venerables launched an attack on the Candle Dragon in this baffling situation!
At this moment, the Candle Dragon had already transformed into its human form. Its combat power had already been greatly reduced. If it had merged with the will of the Great Wide World, the Celestial Venerables would not have been able to do anything to it. However, at this moment, it was completely disheartened. In the end, its head was chopped off by Celestial Venerable Shen Yu's sword!
The mystical fire on its head was still burning fiercely. The Candle Dragon's fire was considered a rare flame in the world. Naturally, the Celestial Venerables would not extinguish it. Even though the Candle Dragon had been dead for many years, the flames were still burning fiercely.
"The Ancient Shamans actually have the ability to seize the Heavenly Way. It's really amazing!" The Thunder Punishing Celestial Venerables sighed. Although the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Region that he led was powerful, it was not to this extent. "However, what exactly happened? Why did the Candle Dragon fail? "
Old Man Feng shook his head. He was also puzzled by the murderous intent that had appeared in the Great Wide World. After a while, he came up with a theory. "Perhaps … there was a traitor in the Ancient Shamans. One of them merged with the will of the Great Wide World and rejected the others."
Based on the current clues, Old Man Feng could only come up with this theory.
How could he have known that there was indeed someone who had merged with the will of the Great Wide World? However, it was not someone from the Ancient Shamans. That person was Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1457
Luo Zheng stayed in the Void for a long time.
Some powerful consciousnesses attacked the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds one after another, but they were all destroyed by him.
There were a total of forty-five attacks.
Some of the consciousnesses obviously came from the same person, and they seemed unwilling to be killed by Luo Zheng. They attacked again and again, trying to gain a place in the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds.
However, this kind of attack was destined to be futile.
The wills of 1,003 Vast Thousand Worlds were merged together for Luo Zheng's use. How powerful was this will?
Even if those consciousnesses were as powerful as Celestial Venerables, Luo Zheng could kill them as easily as crushing an ant...
Destroying consciousnesses caused great damage to the soul. After Luo Zheng killed them again and again, the unwilling souls finally stopped, and the Vast Thousand Worlds fell into silence.
"Those guys should be from the Ancient Witch Tribe," Luo Zheng analyzed indifferently.
He tried to find the creatures that attacked the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds from its memory, but it was a blank. These people were definitely not natives of the Vast Thousand Worlds, and at the same time, they could not be Old Man Feng and the others. The only thing he could be sure of was that they were from the Ancient Witch Tribe.
After the attacks stopped, Luo Zheng moved forward again in the Void, all the way to the Chaotic Astral Ocean. The back side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean was empty.
Luo Zheng originally thought that this was the lair of the Ancient Witch Tribe, but now he did not see any living creatures. Could it be that they had been wiped out by Old Man Feng and the others?
He naturally did not know that in order to complete the spread of the false will, all the Ancient Witch Tribe had sacrificed themselves, and even the tower that originally existed had been burned to ashes.
Thus, Luo Zheng tore open a crack and entered the front side of the world.
He did not expect that outside the crack, it was calm and peaceful...
"This... is this still the Chaotic Astral Ocean?" Luo Zheng was speechless.
The storm that had been hovering above the Chaotic Astral Ocean for countless years had disappeared.
The gentle waves slowly beat under Luo Zheng's feet. This part of the sea seemed to have completely recovered its tranquility.
Luo Zheng had vaguely guessed that the diffusion of the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds should have spread along with this storm. Now that all the wills of the Vast Thousand Worlds were continuously spreading, they had long been connected into one. This meant that the mission of the storm had ended.
It was unknown where Old Man Feng and the others had gone. Although Luo Zheng could not locate them through the will of the Great Wide World, the Great Wide World was peaceful. These Celestial Lords might have already taken control of the situation.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng felt slightly relieved. The reason why he did not want to leave was that he was afraid that the entire Central Domain would be destroyed. If the Celestial Venerables could suppress the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, Luo Zheng would feel much more at ease.
After circling around this part of the sea, as the storm stopped, some ferocious beasts that were hidden deep in the sea surfaced one after another. They seemed to be puzzled as to why the Chaotic Astral Ocean had suddenly become so peaceful.
Some powerful ferocious beasts in the sea discovered Luo Zheng, but after glancing at him and confirming Luo Zheng's cultivation, they eventually dove back into the sea. The power that Luo Zheng emitted made them understand that he was not an existence that they could provoke.
Not long after, Luo Zheng once again returned to the Central Domain.
Due to what had happened before, the entire Central Domain was in a state of panic. Moreover, when Luo Zheng killed the wills of the experts of the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe, a sense of crisis erupted, causing the people of the Central Domain to be extremely worried. At this moment, everyone was in danger, as if the end of the world was coming.
The people of the Vast Thousand Domains did not know the true face of the Heavenly Dao. They had all constructed different legends based on their own cultures. However, the invisible killing intent that came from the Heavenly Dao caused a considerable number of people to fall into a state of fear.
The Cloud Hall was still completely empty, and the entire city was like an empty city. Not to mention cultivators, even ordinary people had fled with their families. The news of danger spread from the upper echelons of society to the lower echelons of society, and it didn't take long for it to spread by everyone's ears and form a tide of fleeing ….
After returning to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng activated the Gen Token and released everyone who was temporarily hiding in the Divine Dwellings.
Seeing that the Cloud Hall was intact, Ning Yudie and the others heaved a sigh of relief. At least it was just a false alarm.
If the Celestial Venerables had really attacked here, even a hundred Central Domain would not be enough to destroy them.
However, Luo Zheng himself did not know that because he had merged with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains, he had stopped the Candle Dragon from merging with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains.
After all, after the Candle Dragon had merged with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains, it would definitely fight with the many Celestial Venerables. Putting aside whether it would be able to win, since the Candle Dragon knew how to merge with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains, it would definitely know how to transfer power. In fact, it might even be possible that its usage of the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains was much richer than Luo Zheng's!
If the Candle Dragon had to bear the attack of Old Man Feng and the others and transferred its power to the Vast Thousand Domains, it would not take long for the Vast Thousand Domains to be completely shattered.
After that, Ning Yudie gathered the disciples who had been dismissed from the Cloud Hall and reorganized the Cloud Hall.
Not long after, the Celestial Venerate of Huan Miao appeared in the Cloud Hall again and informed Luo Zheng that Old Man Feng and the others had returned to the universe. At the same time, it also informed Luo Zheng of the situation in the universe.
Currently, the entire universe was cleaning up the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe. Under the leadership of the Celestial Venerate of Original Sin, they had infiltrated various large domains to hunt down the Heaven Sorcerer Tribe. Now, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was basically in a state of disintegration …
The trouble caused by the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe had once caused the entire universe to be in extreme chaos. However, with the help of many Celestial Venerables, it had been suppressed.
"Actually, the most important thing is the battle with the Candle Dragon. These guys wanted to steal the Heavenly Dao, but it seems that an accident happened. The old patriarch is currently investigating the person who merged with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains," the Celestial Venerate of Huan Miao said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression did not change, but his heart felt very strange.
Wasn't the person who merged with the Will of the Vast Thousand Domains himself?
The Celestial Venerate of Huan Miao did not see through Luo Zheng's thoughts. He had only come here because of the old patriarch's orders to inform Luo Zheng so that he could return to the Demi-Immortal Tribe in time and enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
From the beginning, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe was not the greatest threat. The greatest threat came from the other side of the Wall of Sighs, and the Wall of Sighs in this universe could be broken through at any time. These Dao Disciples had to increase their cultivation as soon as possible.
A few days later, Ning Yudie gradually gathered the disciples of the Cloud Hall and passed the position of Hall Master to Daoist Master Dameng.
After that, Luo Zheng invited Luo Nian and the girls into the Immortal Mansion. Once again, he activated the Teleportation Token and returned to the Great World where the Demi-Immortal Tribe was located.
The Teleportation Token was extremely convenient and could allow Luo Zheng to travel freely. However, there was a problem. The Great World where he was teleported, and even the Vast Thousand Domains, was uncertain of his position.
The Vast Thousand Domains were still fine. After all, it was only so big. With Luo Zheng's current speed, it would not take much time to cross over. However, if he were to teleport to any position in the Great World, he would still be very far from his destination.
This time, it was the same. Luo Zheng was teleported to the edge of the Great World.
If he could not find the Ascension Passage, with Luo Zheng's fastest speed, it would take him more than half a year to reach his destination.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only use the Roaring Token to call for help.
After Luo Zheng returned, the ten Dao Disciples returned to their positions. Xuanyuan Chenfeng's eyes, which were originally blind, had now returned to normal.

Chapter 1458
The existence of these ten Dao Children was extremely important to the universe.
With their talents, they would eventually reach the realm of the Realm Lord and break through the limits of the Heavenly Dao. However, they didn't have much time left.
Although some Celestial Venerables judged that these people would need time to break through the Wall of Sighs.
This time span could be a hundred years or even a thousand years, but it could also be within these ten years.
After all, the Ancient Sorcerer Clan had already taken action, which meant that the other force was also ready …
The purpose of sending all the Dao Children to the Demi-Immortal Clan was to send them to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
It was said that the Forbidden Land of God Refinement wasn't in the universe, nor was it in the Realm of the Gods. It was in an extremely special region beneath the Realm of the Gods!
Even True Gods could only construct their own internal worlds.
To be able to construct a real world outside of the Divine Realm, only a Saint could do so.
It was said that the Saint who constructed the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was an extremely mysterious existence in the Realm of the Gods. No one knew why he constructed the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
He didn't construct a world as large as the universe to stabilize himself. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement he constructed was a place for cultivation.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement didn't only accept the Saint's internal worlds, which were the living beings of the universe, but also the newborn living beings of the Realm of the Gods!
True Gods also had descendants, and their descendants were called newborn living beings!
In a sense, the Realm of the Gods was the true primary world. Living beings like Luo Zheng, who were born from the Saint's internal worlds, belonged to the first level of living beings …
Most newborn living beings would enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to cultivate after they were born. This was because the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was the God Conferment Land.
Of course, although newborn living beings were almost all descendants of True Gods, it wasn't easy to become a True God. In fact, most newborn living beings would be eliminated. This cruel rule applied to the universe, and it also applied to the Realm of the Gods.
"The quota to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement is extremely precious to the warriors of the universe. I hope you can seize this opportunity …" Old Man Feng warned Luo Zheng and the others after he finished explaining the things they should pay attention to in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
"If we enter the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement, won't we have to pass through the Wall of Sighs and leave the universe?" Ji Luoxue asked.
In everyone's eyes, the Wall of Sighs was the last layer of protection in this universe. If the Wall of Sighs could be penetrated so easily, then wouldn't it be very easy for the invaders from the other universe to enter?
Old Man Feng immediately understood Ji Luoxue's question. He simply said, "The Wall of Sighs isn't what you think it is. It's not a real wall. It's just a filtering method. The stronger someone is, the harder it is to pass through the Wall of Sighs."
Seeing Ji Luoxue's confused expression, old man Feng once again added, "Moreover, the quota for the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement will directly send you to the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement! All of you only need to cultivate carefully in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. That place is not the Illusory Battlefield. After you die, you can't even reincarnate … "
There was no true reincarnation in this world. In other words, the reincarnation of the living beings in the universe was a gradual death, turning into bones, soil, a part of the universe, and a part of the world in the Saint's body.
However, even though the Demi-Immortal Clan had the quota to enter the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement, they still needed some time to prepare.
Luo Zheng and the others were arranged to wait in the core sacred ground of the Demi-Immortal Clan. While waiting, they could also use the secret realms of the Demi-Immortal Clan to cultivate.
Naturally, the core disciples of the Demi-Immortal Clan gathered in the core sacred ground. These core disciples were the most outstanding existences in many other clans. After all, being recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan meant that they were extraordinary.
Of course, they couldn't be compared to the ten Dao Children.
Ji Luoxue and the others were in high spirits. They were happy to break the records in the secret realms.
With their formidable talent and strength, in less than ten days, these fellows had consecutively broken all kinds of records in the core Holy Land. Moreover, they had left the previous records far behind, causing the other core disciples to be extremely depressed.
Luo Zheng didn't participate. It wasn't that he looked down on the secret realms built by the Demi-Immortal Clan. After all, many of the methods of the Demi-Immortal Clan came from the Domain of the Gods. Even though the resources in the universe couldn't be compared to those in the Domain of the Gods, it still had its own uniqueness.
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng was more concerned about the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds.
Luo Zheng now knew the ambition of the Ancient Sorcerer Clan. They wanted to completely control the entire Heavenly Way.
The will of the Great Wide World was still slowly spreading, following the countless ascension passages and slowly spreading into the universe. From the looks of it, the will would spread into the universe sooner or later. Was this the so-called control of the Way of the Heavens?
In this way, the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds should not only be used to transfer power. There should be a more powerful way to use it.
The Ancient Sorcerer Clan might have that way, but Luo Zheng could only explore it himself.
At the same time, Luo Zheng had another question in his mind.
For a long time, the mysterious girl, Jiang Yu 'er, was rumored to be the controller of the Heavenly Way. After all, she was very clear about the 128 Heavenly Wills.
However, when the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds spread, Jiang Yu 'er turned a blind eye to it. What role did Jiang Yu 'er play in the battle between the two universes?
At this stage, Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out. He also suppressed the idea of using the Roaring Token to communicate.
No matter what the situation was, Luo Zheng didn't want to expose the fact that he had merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Worlds for the time being.
During this time, Luo Zheng calmed down and began to cultivate.
On this day, Luo Zheng saw Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the others coming together, talking and laughing.
This group of guys was still too young. In fact, with their talent, cultivating in the Secret Territory of the Demi-Immortal Clan would not improve themselves much.
What they enjoyed was creating all kinds of records.
After each record was broken by them, the martial artists in the core sacred ground would howl in grief. These terrifying records might not be broken by anyone in this era.
"Luo Zheng, do you want to try?" Lie Qianhan asked, staring at Luo Zheng with the corners of his mouth raised.
Luo Zheng was sitting on a high pavilion, facing a green mountain scenery. When he heard this, he turned his head and asked curiously, "Try what?"
"Hehe, today we went to the Illusionary Tower! It is known as the most accurate talent test in the universe, "Lie Qianhan said with a smile.
"Oh, no need," Luo Zheng replied faintly.
The Illusionary Tower and the Exquisite Tower were side by side. Whether it was the structure or the function, they were almost identical.
Luo Zheng had already entered the Exquisite Tower, so he naturally knew that Lie Qianhan was referring to the Talent Stele in the tower …
At this time, Hua Tianming and the others also came over. They heard Luo Xi Xuan say to Hua Tianming, "Your Luosha title is ranked third, and it is gold. This is already very amazing! In the countless years of the Demi-Immortal Clan, there are only a few hundred people who have a gold title. Among them, there are only five who have a gold "Demi-Immortal," seven who have a gold "Asura," and nine who have a gold "Luosha." Chen Feng is really powerful, he actually got the gold Asura title! "
"I'm also very powerful, I'm a gold Luosha!" Xi Youqin said with a smile, her face faintly showing her excitement.
Among the ten Dao Children, Xuanyuan Chenfeng got the gold Asura title. In addition, Xi Youqin and the others were all gold Luosha titles. As for Luo Xi Xuan and Jiang Zhengyi, they both got their titles in the Illusionary Tower many years ago.
These days, Xi Youqin also followed them, trying to cultivate in the Secret Territory. She didn't stick to Luo Zheng all the time.
After speaking, Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng. Just now, when she heard Lie Qianhan's words, she was also curious about Luo Zheng's talent. Her figure gently floated, and she held Luo Zheng's arm. She smiled sweetly and said, "Husband also wants to try the Talent Stele, okay?"
Hearing her words, Xuanyuan Chenfeng, Hua Tianming, and even Ku Deng all looked at Luo Zheng.
Most people didn't know that Luo Zheng had a gold Demi-Immortal title. The three pagodas were not connected, but the old patriarch should know. After all, Gu Yun Er and the others should have reported this matter.
"Brother Luo Zheng can also try it once, it won't take much time," Hua Tianming also said with a smile.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to refuse, but these people had all been there, and it didn't seem good to refuse. Helpless, Luo Zheng could only agree.

Chapter 1459
The structure of the Illusionary Tower was almost exactly the same as the Tower of Sin that Luo Zheng had entered.
Many core disciples of the Demi-Immortal Clan were also fighting in the Illusionary Tower. Of course, the rules were naturally not as cruel as those in the Tower of Sin.
A treasure like the Tower of Sin, placed in a Great Thousand World, could drive almost all the races crazy. Under fierce competition, only cruel rules could be used to eliminate the weak races.
Luo Zheng and the others entered, and once again attracted a lot of attention.
The new disciples of the Demi-Immortal Clan also knew that this group of evildoers had come to attack them again.
The list on the Illusionary Tower's Talent Stele was much longer than the list on the Tower of Sin. After all, this tower had been placed in the Upper Realm and had not been lost.
However, the list at the top of the Talent Stele did not change often. Often, it would take hundreds of years for one or two people to obtain a title.
As a result, in just a few days, the title at the top of the list changed again and again.
A string of golden titles was arranged on the list, almost blinding the eyes of this group of people.
It was reasonable that these people could obtain a golden title. The top ten martial artists of the younger generation in the universe could not obtain a title, so who else could win a title in the Illusionary Tower?
But this time, it was Luo Zheng who led a group of people into the Illusionary Tower.
Almost all of these core disciples participated in the Illusory Battlefield, and many of them entered the second round. Of course, they knew that the person walking at the front was Luo Zheng, the champion of the Illusory War!
"This Luo Zheng has also changed his blood. I wonder what title he will get?"
"I heard that Luo Zheng seems to have been recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan a long time ago."
"But he has not entered the Exquisite Tower …"
Only a few of the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan knew what title Luo Zheng had.
Thus, he climbed up the Illusionary Dragon Pagoda floor by floor, and more and more cultivators followed him. When he reached the tenth floor, the dense crowd of cultivators behind him almost completely occupied the entire space of the tenth floor!
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng opened the door and entered the Talent Stele.
This time, Luo Zheng was completely reluctant to enter the Talent Stele, but since he was here, he would treat it seriously.
After he entered the Talent Monument, everyone was guessing what kind of title Luo Zheng would get.
"My husband is the best." Xi Youqin smiled. She had full confidence in Luo Zheng.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't say anything. He had the title of Golden Asura. In his opinion, Luo Zheng might have defeated him, but his talent wouldn't be stronger than his.
Hua Tianming and Luo Xi Xuan just watched quietly. The two of them knew more than the others.
For example, Luo Zheng's current bloodline was the most special. There were only two portions of his golden bloodline in the entire universe. One of them was used by the old patriarch, and the other was poured into Luo Zheng's body. No one knew what the result of Luo Zheng's test would be.
"It might be a Golden Heaven rank," Luo Xi Xuan whispered. She also didn't know that Luo Zheng had this title a long time ago.
After about two or three incense sticks worth of time, Luo Zheng left the Talent Stele. Then, he turned his head and looked back.
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, the title on the Talent Stele shouldn't change. It should still be a Golden Heaven rank.
Soon, the Talent Stele began to emit bits of gold, and as the golden words continued to change, they formed huge golden words.
The words on the Talent Stele were actually the evaluation given by the Artifact Spirit Clan in the tower.
In the early days of the tower's forging, a very special clan was sealed inside. That clan was the Heavenly Soul Clan.
The Heavenly Soul Clan was very common in the Realm of the Gods. Many powerful weapons had Artifact Spirits. After the Artifact Spirits had their own consciousness, they could make the magic weapon more spiritual.
The Artifact Spirit in Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's broken sword belonged to the Heavenly Soul Clan.
The evaluation given by the Artifact Spirit was also instructed in advance by the master of the tower. The Artifact Spirit's responsibility was to give different evaluations according to different stages of performance.
But this time, the Artifact Spirit gave him an inexplicable title.
Although the huge words were golden, the line of words that appeared on the Innate Talent Stele caused the surrounding crowd, including the Daoists, to be dumbfounded. Those big words were: "You are the only existence."
"What kind of title is this?"
"How can this be a f * cking title?"
"Is there something wrong with this broken pagoda? Or is there something wrong with the Artifact Spirit inside? "
To be honest, even if a Golden Heaven rank appeared on the Talent Stele, everyone wouldn't be so surprised.
It wasn't unacceptable for the top of the younger generation to receive a Golden Heaven rank title. On the contrary, it was very normal …
However, many people, including Luo Zheng himself, found it hard to understand why Luo Zheng had said such a thing.
Luo Xi Xuan stared at those huge words with wide eyes. She guessed that the Artifact Spirit couldn't give a higher title, so she directly gave an evaluation.
Luo Zheng was the only, irreplaceable existence? This evaluation was quite high.
She turned to see Luo Zheng in a daze and said softly, "Maybe it's because of the blood."
Blood …
Hearing Luo Xi Xuan's reminder, Luo Zheng seemed to understand the problem.
The blood he exchanged was indeed very special, so the Artifact Spirit gave such an evaluation? Luo Xi Xuan's analysis should be correct.
It was just that the Artifact Spirit was too straightforward.
The news of Luo Zheng receiving such an inexplicable title had already spread like wildfire.
Many core disciples had already left the Illusionary Dragon Tower, but after learning of this matter, they all ran back to admire this unique scene.
As for Luo Zheng, he was completely like an outsider.
He still concentrated on cultivating or accompanying Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie.
Although Ning Yudie was arranged to stay in the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng would bring her and Luo Nian out from time to time, so they could enjoy the joy of a family reunion here.
Time passed day by day. It was unknown how difficult it was to enter the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. In these two months, there was no news from old man Feng.
Many Celestial Venerables in the universe communicated with each other from time to time. They seemed to still be chasing after the remnants of the Ancient Sorcerer Race. Although the Ancient Sorcerer Race's plan had been ruined by Luo Zheng, this race still had several powerful Heaven Sorcerers. To deal with these Heaven Sorcerers, only Celestial Venerables could take the initiative to act.
Luo Zheng's mood was very calm. If he was tired from cultivating, he could accompany Ning Yudie and Luo Nian, or quarrel with Xi Youqin who stuck to his side. This kind of life was very harmonious and comfortable, and he wouldn't get tired of it even after a hundred years or a thousand years.
Unfortunately, the crisis was imminent, and he had to face what he had to face in the end.
Therefore, some people called their generation a tragic generation.
In this era, there were all sorts of super geniuses, and the strength of the younger generation was advancing by leaps and bounds. It was countless times faster than before!
However, the martial artists of hundreds of millions of years ago, if they didn't pursue progress, they could enjoy life after cultivating to the Divine Sea realm. They could live for tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years. Even if they enjoyed glory and wealth, they would still be willing to fall into the Five Decay of the Heavens.
But now, this great crisis was like a knife pressed against their necks. All of the living beings in the universe were worried sick. How could they still have time?
For example, the core disciples of the Demi-Immortal Race were very active.
In fact, the Ancient Sorcerer Race's sudden attack had already caused countless rumors to spread throughout the universe. Many martial artists began to preach about the end of the world.
Those martial artists struggling on the martial path suddenly found that they had no motivation to move forward. Many disciples of the Holy Lands were no longer active. They spent their days in a drunken stupor, unwilling to make progress.
In any case, the end of the world was about to arrive. These martial artists didn't even have the qualifications to struggle in the end of the world, so why not enjoy the last bit of time they had left?
During this time, Luo Zheng's Inner World changed again as he cultivated.
The flow of time in the Inner World and the flow of time in the Vast Thousand Worlds were two different concepts.
In fact, at this stage, Luo Zheng's Inner World didn't have a complete concept of time. In theory, the flow of time in his Inner World was countless times faster than the flow of time in the universe.
Luo Zheng occasionally looked inside himself as he cultivated. Only then did he discover that some more complex life forms had been born in his Inner World.
Under this inner vision, he noticed that the Chaos Sea was actually filled with living creatures. There were even many huge fish that slowly swam in the Chaos Sea.
According to the rules of cultivation, anyone who left their Inner World would immediately dissipate into a mass of True Essence. Even True Gods were no exception.
The only ones who could surpass this rule were the Sages.
Even the Sages couldn't bring any living beings out of their Inner World. Leaving the Inner World of the Sages was crossing the Heavenly Dao and leaving the universe. Only these Dao Children could do it … If a Celestial Venerable forcibly left the universe, it wasn't difficult to guess what would happen. They would also instantly turn into True Essence!
But at this moment, in Luo Zheng's hand, there really was a small, lively fish!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1460
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the small fish in his hand.
Life forms formed from true essence would return to true essence once they were removed from the external world. According to this rule, this small fish should have turned into chaos energy after being removed from the external world by Luo Zheng …
But this small fish's scales still flickered with a silver light. Luo Zheng could still smell a strong fishy smell. It hadn't returned to its original form.
The small fish struggled in Luo Zheng's hand, but Luo Zheng gently tossed it into the air. The small fish drew an arc in the air and fell into the pond below the pavilion, where it happily swam about.
According to Luo Zheng's current understanding, this world was a level higher than an ordinary inner world.
Whether it was a treasure visualized using the visualization technique or a life form born in the inner world, it would eventually return to its original owner. This was because cultivation was originally seizing the good fortune of Heaven and Earth. Now, it was returning the good fortune of Heaven and Earth to Heaven and Earth.
But chaos energy didn't need to be returned!
It wasn't a product of the Heavenly Dao …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. He didn't think that crossing the Heavenly Dao was such a simple matter!
The life forms in this world needed to become Dao Children in order to cross the Heavenly Dao and enter the Divine Realm.
This was because this was the inner world of a Saint. Leaving the inner world would return to true essence. A Saint's true essence was taken from the Divine Realm, so it naturally had to be returned to the Divine Realm …
Even if an Empyrean powerhouse forcefully left the Divine Realm, they would also turn into true essence and dissipate within the Divine Realm.
But Luo Zheng's fish wasn't restricted by this! Moreover, all the life forms in Luo Zheng's inner world could cross the Heavenly Dao, regardless of strength or cultivation! This was because these life forms originated from the chaos!
"Wait …"
Luo Zheng suddenly thought of an important matter.
If everything in this world would dissipate into true essence after leaving this world, then what about Luo Yan?
Without a doubt, Luo Yan was also a life form in this world. When he left, Luo Yan was still young and his cultivation wasn't high. It was impossible for him to become a Dao Child! It was even more impossible for him to become a True God …
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng would have even suspected that Luo Yan had turned into true essence and dissipated within the Realm of the Gods.
However, Jiang Yu 'er had already given him the information and confirmed Luo Yan's location.
In that case, the young man seemed to have a way to solve this problem …
Luo Zheng gradually entered a meditative state, closed his eyes, and continued to cultivate.
Not long after, news came that there were still three months before they would be sent into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. After three months, everything would be ready, and the ten Daoists would embark on the journey.
However, these three months were not peaceful.
In two months, four Empyreans had fallen in the universe!
Among them, there was one from Myriad Buddha Sacred Region, two from the Human Dao Alliance, and one from Gods Thoughtless.
Those who died were all human Celestial Venerables.
However, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe's Heaven Shamans were also eliminated one by one. Furthermore, it was said that they were all killed by the Xuanyuan Clan's leader, the Heavenly Lord of Original Sin!
It was already very difficult to kill each other in a battle between Empyrean Venerables. However, Empyrean Lord of Original Sin had single-handedly eliminated more than ten Heaven Shamans in a short period of time. His strength was evident.
Some of this information was brought by Hua Tianming, while others were directly heard by the Empyreans through the Roaring Command!
Luo Zheng also knew that these Empyreans were flaunting their battle results in the universe to raise the morale of the martial artists in the universe.
Recently, the Demon Night Clan had remained silent. Although Qingyu had found a way to break through the restrictions of the universe's laws, none of the Empyreans mentioned it. On the contrary, the Demon Race's Empyreans were especially diligent. It was said that every time they attacked the Ancient Shaman Tribe, the Demon Race would always be the first to charge.
The more Luo Zheng came into contact with the Demon Race, the more he realized that he had less and less control over the crisis.
In the past, Luo Zheng had run into trouble all the way up, but he knew where the trouble came from and how to deal with it. Now, Luo Zheng felt a sense of helplessness. It wasn't that he was afraid of these dangers, but that he didn't have a complete grasp of all the information. The Nine Dragons remained silent, and so did Xun. The current Luo Zheng couldn't even tell right from wrong!
The only thing he knew was that the universe was about to face invaders, and as one of the ten Dao Children, Luo Zheng had to solve this problem.
Too many things had happened in the past two months. Originally, he thought that the last month would pass peacefully, but in these troubled times, the universe was destined to not be peaceful.
In this month, the Wall of Sighs had been broken through!
Back on the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, 300 prodigies had competed, and the first prodigy to be eliminated was a Celestial Tang Clan martial artist.
For a weak clan like the Celestial Tang Clan to give birth to a prodigy was an inconceivable matter. After all, the Celestial Tang Clan had very few members and only occupied three barren peripheral Great Worlds. Thus, an Empyrean had deduced that the universe's crisis would erupt in the Celestial Tang Clan.
In the end, that Empyrean's deductions were proven correct.
After the Wall of Sighs was broken through, the invaders were like locusts, rapidly occupying the Celestial Tang Clan's territory. The entire Celestial Tang Clan was annihilated …
This news was like a thunderclap exploding in everyone's ears, stunning the entire universe.
Everyone knew that the apocalypse would descend soon, but no one expected it to come so quickly and fiercely.
But what was strange was that the invaders only occupied the territories of three Great Worlds and didn't continue to push forwards …
Luo Zheng and the others were also paying close attention to this matter. Since the invaders from behind the Wall of Sighs had arrived so quickly, was there any need for them to enter the Forbidden Realm of God Refinement?
Half a month later, the vast majority of the universe's Empyreans gathered once more at the Demi-Immortal Clan.
After the invaders occupied three Great Worlds, they didn't continue to push forwards. Instead, they chose a group of representatives and arrived in a grandiose manner. They actually wanted to hold a negotiation!
Upon hearing this news, Luo Zheng and the others were puzzled.
Since the invaders had the strength to break through the Wall of Sighs and enter the universe, why would they want to hold a negotiation?
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that Old Man Feng actually accepted the negotiation. The location of the negotiation was set to be the Rising Sky Saint Land of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
The Empyreans weren't the only ones participating in this negotiation. Luo Zheng and the others were also invited.
All the forces in the universe attached great importance to this negotiation. After all, it was related to the future of the universe.
It would be best if they could persuade this group of invaders to give up on invading the universe. However, the possibility of this happening was minuscule.
There was a treasure mountain in the Rising Sky Saint Land called Cloud Sky Mountain. It was covered in Mystic Ice all year round. The entire mountain was crystal clear, and the scenery was magnificent.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and the others were already waiting on Cloud Sky Mountain. There were more than 50 Empyreans gathered in front of them.
Not long after, a few dazzling spots of light appeared in the deep sky. At the same time, an extremely powerful aura erupted. It was as if a demon king had descended to the world. It was extremely awe-inspiring.
In front of a Empyrean, releasing one's aura was just a small trick. The Original Sin Heavenly Venerate waved his hand indifferently, and the aura dissipated.
"Hahaha … I, Maha, am honored to have so many Empyreans welcome me!"
Following which, an extremely arrogant laughter came from the sky. A figure took the lead and charged down. The person who came was a youth with purple hair. However, this youth wasn't an Empyrean. He was merely a Sector Lord!
If an ordinary Realm Lord acted so arrogantly in front of a Empyrean, he would have suffered a loss.
Among the many Empyreans on Cloud Sky Mountain, there were a few bad-tempered Empyreans who frowned and wanted to teach this young man a lesson. However, they were stopped by Old Man Feng.
Behind Maha were nine other powerhouses. They were Heavenly Venerates from another universe.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and whispered, "Are they … from the Sacred Race?"
Ji Luoxue asked curiously, "What Sacred Race?"
"They are a powerful race," Luo Zheng said.
When Luo Zheng entered the True Extinction Path in the Immortal Realm, the opponents he encountered were all from the Sacred Race.
According to Afo, the Sacred Race was the most perfect race. The Demon Night Clan, the Human Race, the Demon Race … all the human races seemed to have originated from the Sacred Race, so this race had many advantages!
As Maha spoke, he flew down at an extremely high speed. With a stomp of his feet, a huge crack suddenly appeared in the middle of the crystal-clear Cloud Sky Mountain, which was like a giant gemstone.
Old Man Feng's face darkened. With a light push from the tip of his foot, the crack instantly closed.

Chapter 1461
Old man Feng's expression was cold as he stared at the warrior named Maha.
If such a large mountain was split open, it would leave a crack even if it was closed. However, old man Feng only lightly stepped on it and the crack on Cloud Sky Mountain began to heal like a wound.
Although the other party only had the cultivation of a Realm Lord, he represented the invaders and must have a great background. Old man Feng chose not to attack.
The destruction of the Wall of Sighs was completely beyond everyone's expectations. Moreover, the Celestial Clan's thunderous method of destroying the Celestial Tang Clan caught the Demi-Immortal Clan off guard.
According to the usual pattern of development, after the Sacred Clan occupied the three borderline great worlds, they should have quickly advanced and conquered one great world after another!
With the Sacred Clan's current strength, it wasn't difficult to do this.
However, they suddenly started negotiations at this moment. Even the Celestial Venerables were puzzled. What did the Sacred Clan want?
"Haha, rumor has it that although old man Feng is a Celestial Venerate, his destiny is very special. He has the strength to fight against a True God. It seems that rumor is true?" Maha rubbed his nose and said indifferently.
Although the ten Dao Children all called the old patriarch old man Feng behind his back, only Luo Xi Xuan dared to call him that in the universe.
Maha was a mere Realm Lord, yet he was so casual. Although he spoke highly of the old patriarch of the Demi-Immortal Clan, no one could see his arrogance.
"A mere Realm Lord dares to be so presumptuous. The dignified Sacred Clan doesn't seem to be a big deal." Heavenly Venerate Oracle couldn't stand it any longer. Her beautiful face was gloomy.
Despite being berated by Celestial Sovereign Shen Yu, Maha remained calm. He turned his head to stare at Celestial Sovereign Shen Yu and clicked his tongue twice. "Rumor has it that among the four upper level Celestial Sovereigns of the universe, Celestial Sovereign Shen Yu is known for her stunning beauty.
As he spoke, Maha didn't hide the lust in his eyes at all.
"How dare you!"
Celestial Venerate Cloud Fox couldn't stand it any longer and slapped Maha!
A Celestial Venerate's attack could destroy heaven and earth.
The power contained in this slap was enough to directly slap a Realm Lord to death.
In addition, Celestial Venerate Cloud Fox was angry and didn't hold back at all!
"Boom!"
Celestial Venerate Cloudfox's slap formed a huge golden palm shadow.
However, Maha didn't panic in the slightest. As he stood there, his body began to emit a faint light!
The palm shadow suddenly slammed into Maha's treasure light, but it instantly shattered and disappeared without a trace!
Many Celestial Venerables frowned when they saw this.
Celestial Venerable Cloudfox was one of the top three Celestial Venerables in the Human Dao Alliance, second only to Celestial Venerable Mirage Sea and Celestial Venerable Oracle. He was a mid-level Celestial Venerable.
Although this slap looked simple, it contained the most powerful laws of wind!
For Maha to be able to block his attack so easily, he must have some sort of treasure on him …
A treasure that could block the all-out strike of an Empyrean powerhouse didn't exist in the universe. Indeed, the universe couldn't compare with the treasures grasped by the saints.
Maha stared at Celestial Venerate Cloud Fox and mocked, "Heh, a mere middle Empyrean also wants to attack this Venerate. You really overestimate yourself."
The temperament of an Empyrean powerhouse wasn't so easily shaken, but at this moment, Celestial Venerate Cloud Fox was really angry, and his expression was very ugly. A mere Realm Lord dared to humiliate Celestial Venerate Oracle and speak so rudely to him!
The key was that although Maha was a Realm Lord, his bone age was actually less than a hundred years old! And the Celestial Venerables standing in front of Maha were easily tens of millions of years old!
"This Maha is courting death," Xuanyuan Chenfeng said coldly.
"Isn't this fellow too arrogant?" Lie Qianhan's expression also turned ugly.
The two Celestial Venerables who clashed with Maha weren't Celestial Venerables of Gods Have No Thoughts, but they were still humans in the end and belonged to the same universe!
These Daoists were all young and vigorous, so they naturally wouldn't be as calm as those Celestial Venerables.
Even Luo Zheng's expression darkened at this moment. What gave Maha the confidence to be so arrogant in front of these Celestial Venerables?
"Courting death!"
This time, Celestial Venerate Cloudfox was planning to use her true strength!
But just as Celestial Venerate Cloudfox was about to attack, the nine saint Celestial Venerables floating in the distance also descended!
Of these nine saint Celestial Venerables, five were middle Celestial Venerables and four were upper Celestial Venerables!
Just as Celestial Venerate Cloudfox was about to attack, a saint Celestial Venerate blocked her path. This was also an upper Celestial Venerate!
It seemed that a great battle was about to erupt!
The Celestial Venerables of the universe held the advantage in numbers. Once they attacked, over 50 Celestial Venerables would join forces and wipe out the saint Celestial Venerables.
But who could guarantee that the saint Celestial Venerables wouldn't have reinforcements?
If the True Divinities of the saint Celestial Venerables appeared, how could they resist?
Celestial Venerate Oracle's figure flashed. Her jade-like hand gently brushed against Celestial Venerate Cloudfox's arm, dissolving her attack. She coldly looked at Maha and said, "I want to hear what you want to negotiate. Depending on the content and results of the negotiations, I will decide … your life."
Celestial Venerate Oracle was one of the strongest Celestial Venerables of the universe. When had she ever been afraid of anything?
She was the only female amongst the three great human influences. Moreover, with her strength alone, she had nearly shouldered the heavy burden of the entire Human Alliance.
But there was always a demon behind this abnormality. Maha wasn't an idiot, and even if he was an idiot, the nine saint Celestial Venerables around him weren't either. Generally speaking, an arrogant person would have the qualifications to be arrogant.
Thus, Celestial Venerate Oracle's words were very decisive. If Maha really was an idiot and spouted nonsense in front of her, she would naturally take his life.
"Hehe." Maha faintly smiled. Then, he continued to speak to Celestial Venerate Cloudfox, "You still don't seem convinced? Celestial Venerate of the Human Alliance, I've never heard of you even after searching your soul. Your fame in the universe can't be considered great, right? To deal with you, I only need to bear the Mandate of Heaven! If I become a True Divinity in the future, killing you will only take a single finger! " After the saints invaded the Stellar Celestial Clan, they had searched the souls of the martial artists and gathered a great deal of information about the universe. They also had a considerable understanding of the distribution of influences in the universe.
As he spoke, he stretched out a little finger and pointed it at Celestial Venerate Cloudfox.
"You don't know when to advance or retreat!"
This time, even Celestial Venerate Oracle couldn't tolerate this. A massive aura swept out. She didn't choose to directly attack, but wanted to make Maha suffer a bit!
Her aura was sharp to the extreme; it was an attack that used the soul to stimulate.
The mystic soul technique turned into a field of thorny roses that shot towards Maha's head at an extremely fast speed!
However, the saint Empyrean blocking Maha's path suddenly waved his hands. His hands were wrapped in a light purple curtain of light as he plucked apart the roses one by one!
Attacks of the mortal body normally couldn't target the soul, but this saint Empyrean was able to do so.
In the blink of an eye, all the roses were crushed to pieces!
Maha faintly smiled. Just as he was about to speak, an intense pain spread through his mind. He fell to the ground and howled in pain.
Celestial Venerate Oracle coldly glared at Maha. She had held back just now, otherwise Maha's soul would have been completely pulverized by her!
"Damn, that was great!"
"This fellow should be taught a lesson to death!"
"He must have been tortured miserably enough!"
As Lie Qianhan and the others saw Maha in such a miserable state, they were also incomparably happy.
After Maha rolled on the ground for a long time, the pain gradually disappeared. As he slowly crawled up from the ground, there was a trace of blood at the corners of his lips!
After wiping away the blood, Maha still had a smile on his face. "Hehe, a beauty gives me flowers, leaving behind a lingering fragrance …"
As Maha planned to continue speaking, the saint Empyrean standing in front of him finally couldn't help but remind him, "Your Highness Dao Child, let's get down to business!"
"Dao Child?"
"This fellow is also a Dao Child?"
"His cultivation is higher than ours by a large margin. This isn't fair …"
As Ji Luoxue and the others heard this, they were all stunned.
Of the ten Dao Children of the universe, the one with the highest cultivation was Xuanyuan Chenfeng, who was at the middle Divine Realm.
As for the others, they were still at the early Divine Realm. As for Xi Youqin, because she had entered the Illusory Battlefield, she hadn't engaged in any serious battles or tempering. Her cultivation was still at the late Divine Sea realm!
But this' Dao Child 'and' Your Highness' Maha was actually at the World Lord boundary? This fellow could break into the True Divinity realm at any time?

Chapter 1462
If these Empyreans were so respectful to Maha, then his status couldn't be simple.
The key point was that he already had a World Lord cultivation. Sealing another Mandate of Heaven in another universe shouldn't be too difficult.
But he wasn't an Empyrean, he was still a Dao Child!
This Maha indeed had the qualifications to become a True Divinity.
Maha slowly wiped away the blood from his lips. He hadn't learned his lesson. He shook his head and said, "I came here on behalf of the saints for a single purpose."
"Speak." Empyrean Oracle's face was cold. She gripped the small sword in her hand and stared at Maha.
If both sides were to tear apart all decorum, she would immediately kill this person. But Maha was a Dao Child and had the potential to become a True Divinity. If the saints dared to send him here to negotiate, then they must have a way to protect him!
"In truth, our saints don't like to fight and kill." Maha faintly smiled. "If we can resolve things peacefully, then we shouldn't use force. That's too barbaric …"
"Oh? You mean that your saints will withdraw from our universe? "Empyrean Oracle asked.
The other Empyreans also perked up their ears. They didn't know what Maha was planning.
If the saints were willing to withdraw from the universe, then it would be a blessing for all the races in the universe!
Maha shook his head. "Your universe has 100,000 great worlds. It can be considered vast but sparsely populated. Our saint race has countless citizens. We can establish our own sects in this universe and live in harmony with each other. What do you think?"
Hearing Maha's words, a strange look appeared on everyone's faces.
A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face …
This Maha's plan was far too perfect. The saints were originally far more powerful than the other races in the universe. If this race passed through the Wall of Sighs and established their own sect here, then with a solid backing, the final result could be imagined. They would swallow up the universe without a single drop of blood!
"I personally think that this plan is quite good." Maha continued to smile.
Empyrean Oracle's expression was cautious. He looked at the Old Patriarch.
Old Man Feng's expression was also solemn. These Empyreans were using true essence to communicate with each other.
In truth, the moment that Maha proposed this plan, they already understood the saints' plans.
It was absolutely impossible for the Sacred Race to give up the opportunity to invade the universe. However, at this moment, they didn't want an all-out war to break out.
If they agreed to Maha's request, there would be a benefit. They could buy time for Luo Zheng and the others!
Among the ten Daoists, as long as two or three of them became True Gods, they might have the possibility of changing the fate of the universe.
Although the Saint Clan was powerful, in the end, they came from another universe and not the Divine Realm.
Many Empyreans discussed among themselves for a long time, and many arguments arose.
At this moment, Maha was showing good patience. His hands were clasped behind his back as his gaze swept past the Empyreans and landed on Luo Zheng and the others, sizing them up …
After the saints invaded the universe, they massacred the Tang Chen clansmen on a massive scale. After constantly searching their souls, they obtained a considerable amount of information. The identities of the 10 Dao Children were publicly known throughout the universe, so Maha had a considerable understanding of these youths.
Maha knew that these little fellows were the most important hope of the universe.
But, Maha didn't take the risk to attack them and eliminate them …
Although Maha didn't have too many concerns about his own safety, if he were to attack now and these Empyreans truly attacked, his situation wouldn't be much better.
His life was far more precious than the lives of these Dao Children!
"Agree to their plan. This plan is beneficial to us!"
"As long as we can stabilize them first, my family's Morning Wind will eventually become a True Divinity …"
"What we lack is time!"
Some Empyreans were moved by Maha's request, including Empyrean Original Sin. He had poured too much effort into Xuanyuan Chenfeng, so he had considerable confidence in him!
But, some other Empyreans were opposed.
"Humph, this sort of compromise is even more useless!"
"We should immediately counterattack and seal them off at the edge of the great worlds, eliminating any possibility of them approaching the universe!"
"Placing your hopes on the charity of others is extremely stupid!"
These Empyreans were divided into two factions, both of them arguing endlessly!
But the Old Patriarch didn't say a single word from beginning to end. These Empyreans were unable to convince each other. Finally, they all looked towards the Old Patriarch.
In truth, in this place, Empyrean Oracle, Empyrean Original Sin, and Empyrean Thunder Punishment were all characters on par with the Old Patriarch. As upper Empyreans, the destiny of heaven they carried was far more formidable than an ordinary Empyrean's. But in terms of prestige, the Old Patriarch was more suitable. After all, he was the descendant of a disciple.
Seeing everyone looking at him, the Old Patriarch said with a true essence sound transmission, "I think … have you all missed something?"
Many Empyreans glanced at each other in dismay. Most of them didn't understand.
But, Empyrean Oracle blinked his beautiful eyes and said, "They aren't willing to attack."
Old Man Feng nodded. "Yes, why aren't they willing to attack?"
If the saints truly possessed absolute strength, then Maha wouldn't have brought these Empyreans here to negotiate.
The saints could gather True Divinities and push through great worlds one by one!
To negotiate meant that they lacked confidence.
"You mean that the saints don't dare to start a war?" Empyrean Original Sin asked.
"I am willing to take a gamble." The Old Patriarch nodded.
In this world, there was no absolute certainty. But since the other side was willing to negotiate, it meant that they didn't want to launch an all-out war in the near future. From this point alone, one could see some clues.
Many Empyreans also had complex complexions.
If they really agreed to Maha's request, the saints might not comply. Once the saints were ready, an all-out war would inevitably erupt.
The strong never needed to reason with the weak. At that time, it would be too late to regret.
But if the negotiations failed and the saints attacked now, how would they deal with this?
As the Old Patriarch said, he was willing to take a gamble!
He was willing to gamble that the saints wouldn't attack. He was willing to gamble that Luo Zheng and the others would return from the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He was willing to gamble that their cultivations would rapidly rise in a short period of time, becoming a World Master, becoming a True Divinity …
As many Empyreans carefully analyzed the situation, they gradually realized that the Old Patriarch's thoughts were correct.
Rather than appeasing the saints for now, the final result would still be that they wouldn't be able to escape annihilation. Then, they might as well take a gamble and firmly seal these fellows at the edge of a great world, not allowing them to take even a single step forwards!
The many Empyreans quickly came to a consensus.
The Old Patriarch's eyes fell on Maha once more. Maha also knew that the Empyreans had reached a conclusion. He faintly smiled and said, "What do you think of my proposal?" In Maha's opinion, whether it was the human race or the demon race, in front of the saints, they were all inferior races.
These races didn't have a noble purpose in life. In order to survive, they would give in without a bottom line!
Old Man Feng lightly replied, "Although there are many races in the universe, there is no great world that is superfluous. I represent all the influences in the universe in rejecting your proposal."
Hearing Old Man Feng's words, Maha's frivolous smile finally vanished. He cursed the old fox in his heart, but he continued to threaten, "You will only have one chance!"
If Maha hadn't threatened then things would have been fine.
As he spoke, Old Man Feng and the other Empyreans laughed.
When one cultivated to the level of an Empyrean, their mental state was already comparable to fine iron. Once they decided on something, how could they easily change their minds?
Maha's threat exposed the lack of confidence of the saints even more!
It wasn't just the Empyreans, but even Luo Zheng and the others could see that the saints were bluffing!
"Haha, we don't need the saints to give us a chance! If you have the guts, then fight! "Lie Qianhan coldly sneered.
Among the ten Dao Children, Lie Qianhan's personality was the most unreasonable. It had to be said that his personality was somewhat similar to Maha's. Hearing Maha's rambling, he couldn't help but open his mouth to mock him.
The failure of this negotiation naturally made Maha extremely angry. When he heard Lie Qianhan's words, he flew into a rage out of humiliation. His purple pupils suddenly lit up with a flash of lightning!
"A mere pinnacle divine realm junior dares to carelessly interrupt? I will teach you a lesson on behalf of your elders!" As his voice fell, the lightning in Maha's eyes formed an arc in the air and shot towards Lie Qianhan with incomparable speed.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1463
That bolt of lightning was extremely strange. It didn't communicate with heaven and earth origin energy, nor did it use true essence.
It was as if it was formed from Maha's consciousness, and the laws of this lightning were slightly different from the laws of this universe!
Maha said that he would teach them a lesson, but the power of this bolt of lightning was not ordinary!
The many Empyreans in the universe were already very restrained this time.
The other party was from the Sacred Race, and Maha's status was extraordinary. It seemed that even Empyreans had to listen to his orders.
But Maha had gone too far by attacking the Daoists!
"You're courting death! You dare attack! "
The Lie Family Patriarch was the first to step forward. A powerful aura soared into the sky, and the Rising Heaven Holy Land immediately surged.
But that arc of lightning had already struck down, and it was too late to stop it!
"Boom!"
The arc of lightning instantly sank into Lie Qianhan's body, and then a squeal like a pig being slaughtered came from his body!
From the outside, this lightning didn't seem very powerful, and it was indeed in the category of "teaching a lesson". But Lie Qianhan was lying on the ground like a writhing water snake, crazily rolling around!
There weren't many methods that could cause Lie Qianhan such pain, so this lightning must be very torturous.
On one hand, the Lie Family Patriarch was worried about Lie Qianhan's injuries, and on the other hand, he was about to attack Maha!
A cold light flashed in the Lie Family Patriarch's hand, and a dragon head saber appeared. He raised the saber without any hesitation and slashed it out!
As for the nine Empyreans beside Maha, they all began to shift positions. Light green rings began to flash around their bodies. These rings quickly connected with each other, and the nine Empyreans formed an array formation!
Empyreans arranged an array!
Because Empyrean powerhouses carried different Wills of Heaven, it was very difficult for Empyreans to cultivate arrays with each other.
Of course, this scene only existed in the universe where Luo Zheng was.
In the universe occupied by the Sacred Race, almost all the great worlds were occupied by the Sacred Race. Like the Human Race, the Demon Race, and the Demon Race, these small races were all concentrated in two or three great worlds. They were like pigs raised in a pen by the Sacred Race.
Thus, the Sacred Race was a highly unified race.
In this universe, there were many Empyreans who had inherited the Mandate of Heaven, but they had no choice when it came to the Mandate of Heaven crown!
This was because the Heaven's Will crown would randomly appear after an Empyrean fell. It would belong to whoever managed to grab it. Whether the Heaven's Will was low, middle, or high, no one had a choice. Anyone with a Heaven's Will was an Empyrean. As for whether the Heaven's Will was good or not, who cared about that?
Only the Demi-Immortals, who relied on Lin Su's resurrection of the Will of Heaven, were able to obtain the Crown of Heaven's Will. Because of that, the other races had agreed not to fight over it. That was how they were able to select a Greater Will of Heaven!
But within the saints, after an Empyrean died, their race would quietly wait for the next Heaven's Will crown.
After the Heaven's Will crown appeared in the universe, all the races would rush forward to shoulder the Heaven's Will first.
The saints would quietly distinguish the Heaven's Will crown and analyze what sort of Heaven's Will of Heaven was contained within. If the Heaven's Will of Heaven wasn't good, then they would quietly wait for the Heaven's Will to slowly disappear. Before long, the Heaven's Will crown would disappear and then reappear somewhere else. Then, the Heaven's Will of Heaven would undergo a new change.
The saints used this method to replace the Heaven's Will of Heaven that wasn't too useful or wasn't strong enough. Only when they were able to sift out a powerful Heaven's Will would they appoint a saint World Lord to shoulder the Heaven's Will.
Thus, the saints' advantage didn't only lie in their True Divinities, but even the quality of their Empyreans was much higher than in the universe.
Because these Empyreans were familiar with each other, they were able to use their different abilities to lay down a powerful array formation!
The moment the Lie Family Old Ancestor chopped down with his saber, the other Empyreans wouldn't just sit back and watch!
Beneath the momentum of dozens of Empyreans, their momentum seemed to solidify. Even the air seemed to solidify!
A smile appeared on Maha's face. Facing the Lie Family Old Ancestor's saber strike, he didn't panic at all!
But in the middle of the nine saint Empyreans, space began to violently fluctuate. Just as the saber came slashing down, a giant hand suddenly appeared in that space!
As soon as the giant hand reached out, it forcefully grasped at the void and shattered the Lie Family Old Ancestor's saber light!
Kacha!
It wasn't just the saber light that shattered!
Even the dragon head saber in the Lie Family Old Ancestor's hand began to strangely crack. As the saber continued to twist, the dragon head saber turned into an iron rod!
The giant hand clearly hadn't come into contact with the dragon head saber, but it had produced such a strange effect. It was unknown just what degree of strength the giant hand had used!
The Lie Family Old Ancestor's complexion was extremely ugly. Even Empyrean Original Sin, Empyrean Oracle, and the others had incomparably gloomy expressions.
This dragon head saber was called Sea Burial. It was a treasure ranked twelfth on the Universe Myriad Spirit Stele. The material itself was refined from a dark star. This dragon head saber wasn't something that an ordinary Empyrean could use. Only the Lie Family Old Ancestor, who possessed boundless strength, could freely use it.
But such a saber hadn't even come into contact with the giant hand yet it had been crushed into an iron rod, a piece of scrap metal!
Just how strong was the owner of that giant hand?
"Humph!"
After the giant hand withdrew, a cold snort sounded out once more!
As this cold snort spread out, it caused the hearts of all the Empyreans to tremble! As for the Dao Children, their faces were as white as paper. They involuntarily retreated.
Only Luo Zheng stood in place, not moving at all.
Although a True Divinity hadn't descended, just a single hand was enough to give so many Empyreans such great pressure!
True Divinities were also divided into ranks.
The lowest level True Divinities, such as Empyrean Original Sin and Old Man Feng, had the strength to fight. After all, they were upper Empyreans, equivalent to half-step True Divinities.
But the owner of this hand didn't seem to be as simple as an ordinary True Divinity.
At this moment, Old Man Feng and the others were facing this giant hand, maintaining their restraint and silence. In fact, if several Empyreans joined forces, they might not necessarily be afraid of this giant hand. But now was not the time to fight to the death, so they could only endure for now.
Moreover, Lie Qianhan had already crawled up from the ground. Although his cries had been extremely tragic, he hadn't suffered any serious injuries.
"So this is a True Divinity …" Luo Zheng stared at the giant hand, his eyes narrowing slightly.
As he sized it up, Luo Zheng felt an extremely unfriendly gaze staring at him. It came from Maha.
Their gazes met, and their hearts skipped a beat.
Maha was originally disdainful of these Dao Children, but now that he noticed Luo Zheng, he instantly understood. This was the kid who had won first place in the Illusion War. Although his cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm, this fellow's potential was extraordinarily strong.
Luo Zheng's gaze was calm and unperturbed. As he looked at Maha, there wasn't the slightest bit of anger or wariness in his eyes. It was as if this was only natural.
The two of them looked at each other for less than a breath of time. Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile, a smile that faintly contained a trace of contempt.
"What are you laughing at?" Seeing that trace of contempt, Maha was even more displeased. In any case, they had already shed all pretense of cordiality. Maha guessed that these Empyreans wouldn't dare to make a move here, so he directly asked Luo Zheng.
This Maha had come prepared today. If negotiations failed, he would rely on the intimidation of a True Divinity to show off his might!
"I'm laughing at you. You're just a mere Realm Master. You can't wait to use the might of a True Divinity behind you to intimidate others. You still seem to be so proud of yourself?" Luo Zheng calmly asked.
Maha's expression immediately darkened. He had long had the opportunity to shoulder the Mandate of Heaven. In the past, there was even an extremely strong Mandate of Heaven that could have helped him become an upper Empyrean. But he had chosen to give it up. After shouldering the Mandate of Heaven, he was bound by the Heavenly Dao and was unable to cross the Heavenly Dao to become a True Divinity.

Chapter 1464
As a member of the saint race, Maha understood the Divine Realm far better than the people of this universe.
Just like the higher realms and the lower realms.
To the Divine Realm, the universe was a lower plane!
The rules that were cultivated in the universe were nothing more than rules established by the Saints.
In the eyes of the people of the Divine Realm, the life forms of the universe were nothing more than ordinary life forms!
Even a Dao Child would have to painstakingly work for tens of millions of years, shed an endless amount of sweat and blood, and consume a massive amount of resources in order to have the qualifications to stand on equal footing with the geniuses of the Divine Realm!
This was the inherent gap between them.
Maha was the son of a True Divinity. With his status, he could laugh proudly in the saint race.
But as long as one was a life form, how could they be satisfied with the status quo?
Maha also wanted to go to the Divine Realm and become a True Divinity. He had once gone to the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement and gained many harvests there. But in the end, he wasn't able to become a True Divinity!
But condensing a godhood … it really wasn't an easy matter.
Luo Zheng's words poked at Maha's sore spot. A dangerous light gradually appeared in his bewitching eyes.
The saint race's True Divinity, his father, was unable to personally come to this universe for certain reasons.
This was the reason why the saint race chose to negotiate.
However, this group of old bastards weren't so easily deceived. They refused his request.
If so, why not borrow the remaining might of a True Divinity to kill this person?
The moment this thought appeared in his mind, he was stunned. It seemed that he subconsciously dreaded Luo Zheng!
"Although I am only a World Lord, if I want to exterminate you, it will be a piece of cake …"
Maha's thoughts were decisive. Once he made a decision, he would carry it out. He had always believed in his own intuition and judgment. Since Luo Zheng gave him a feeling of threat, he absolutely wouldn't allow him to grow!
The nine Empyreans also seemed to understand His Highness' temperament. Although Maha's temperament seemed exaggerated and cruel, he always kept his word!
Just like Maha had said, once he became a True Divinity, he would kill Empyrean Cloudfox. In the future, he would definitely accomplish this.
As soon as Maha finished speaking, old man Feng waved his hand gently and an invisible force spread out, forming a ten thousand zhang tall wall.
This Maha might not be worth mentioning, but they had no choice but to let go of that giant hand. In the end, it was the hand of a True Divinity. If they were caught off guard and attacked, they might not be able to withstand it.
At this moment, many Empyreans were conflicted. They didn't want to provoke a powerful True God.
But if he didn't make a move, he couldn't allow Maha to throw his weight around and display his insufferably arrogance.
"I admit that I'm not your match now." Luo Zheng maintained a faint smile on his face. "But when I reach the Sector Lord realm, I'll only need a single finger to kill you!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng also extended a finger towards Maha!
Maha was an overlord of the saint race, and his father was a True Divinity that surpassed the universe. His talent was unprecedented in the saint race, and he had always been the one to say such things to others. What qualifications did others have to say such things to him?
He also didn't expect that this Luo Zheng, who made him feel a trace of danger, would be even more arrogant than him at this moment!
Unknowingly, the confrontation between the two races gradually focused on Luo Zheng and Maha.
The Empyreans gathered in the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't make a move, and the Empyreans behind Maha, as well as the True Divinity hand, didn't make a move.
In the end, there was still a taboo between the two sides, and they weren't willing to shed all pretense of cordiality at this moment.
But with Maha's personality, he was destined not to care about this balance. In the end, he was someone who had never suffered a loss. Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Maha coldly smiled. A thought flashed through his mind, and the giant hand behind him suddenly moved, ruthlessly slapping towards Luo Zheng.
The old patriarch, Empyrean Oracle, Empyrean Original Sin, and Empyrean Thunder Punishment all moved at almost the same time!
The giant hand rapidly slapped towards Luo Zheng. Even the old patriarch's invisible strength was instantly torn apart, unable to block it in the slightest!
"You really think we're afraid of a True Divinity?"
Empyrean Oracle's expression was cold, and the short sword in her hand turned into a sharp stream of light in the air!
The streak of light split into multiple layers, transforming into a series of long serrated hooks that hooked onto the giant hand.
Empyrean Oracle had already seen the power of this giant hand, so she naturally didn't dare to underestimate it. She just wanted to stop this giant hand!
As for Empyrean Thunder Punishment, he directly transformed into a Dharma Idol Vajra. He took a step forward and stood in front of Luo Zheng, determined to block this giant hand.
Empyrean Original Sin's expression was cold, and he disappeared from where he stood, his whereabouts unknown!
As for the other Empyreans, they weren't mentally prepared. Were they going to start a war with the Sacred Race now?
If the owner of this giant hand directly came out, how could these Empyreans resist?
The Empyreans' worries were completely dispelled in the next instant!
At this moment, an old laughter suddenly rang in everyone's ears. A shadow slowly condensed beside Luo Zheng. It was a thin figure. The moment this person appeared, he stretched out his withered hand and gently tapped the palm of the giant hand with a finger!
The two did not come into contact, but the big hand seemed to have grown eyes. It seemed to have sensed the power of the finger and changed its move in mid-air. The finger on the palm straightened and turned into a palm knife.
The old man's expression didn't change, but the fingers on one of his hands changed. His thumb and little finger pinched together, and then he tapped the wrist of the giant hand.
The hand gestures between the two constantly changed, like two drunkards playing a drinking game. There wasn't a single real exchange!
Every time the giant hand changed its stance, the old man's hand would change accordingly, as if he could always restrain the giant hand.
Finally …
The giant hand finally came to a stop.
A cold voice sounded out from the center of the nine Empyreans. "I didn't think that a dignified disciple of a Saint would be hiding in the universe. You really didn't die."
"I will never die." The old man faintly smiled and responded.
"You will never be too far away." The voice said again.
The old man chuckled. "You should worry about yourself first. Your son's life … we will spare him."
As the old man spoke, he didn't even look at Maha. It was as if Maha was a character that couldn't be brought to the table, not worthy of the old man's attention.
The moment the old man's voice fell, Empyrean Original Sin's figure appeared beside Maha. A black spear had appeared in Empyrean Original Sin's hands and he pressed it against Maha's head.
Maha was the most promising Dao Child of the Sacred Race to break into the True Divinity realm. He was also the son of a True Divinity. If he could be killed, it would be of great benefit to the universe.
The other side was silent for a long time. Then, the voice sounded out once more. "If you dare to kill my son, I will abandon the Sacred Race and kill you. I will flatten this universe. I will do as I say!"
A sly smile appeared on the old man's face. "You really can't leave. I wonder which universe has the courage to invade the Sacred Race's universe? Or … could it be that two Saints from the Realm of the Gods have started a war? "
Old man Feng had already speculated that if the Sacred Race had absolute strength, they wouldn't have sent Maha to negotiate at all. Instead, they would have directly pushed their entire race into the universe. At this moment, this old man had taken this speculation one step further.
Within the Sacred Race's universe, there was someone holding down this True Divinity. He had to guard that universe, thus he couldn't personally come here!
As these words were spoken, the other Empyreans were suddenly enlightened!
The old man didn't really want to kill Maha. At this stage, it wasn't wise to fight to the death. His threat to kill Maha was only a probe!
"You don't have the qualifications to know." The hand gradually drew back, no longer revealing any other information. It tossed Maha and the other nine Empyreans here.
The master of the hand had already said that if anyone dared to kill Maha, he would first flatten the universe. After saying these words, he chose to leave. This showed that he had absolute confidence in his own strength. It also showed that the master of the hand didn't place the old man in his eyes.

Chapter 1465
The appearance of this old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan left many Empyreans pleasantly surprised.
They never thought that the Demi-Immortal Clan would also have a True Divinity. This would be a great help to them.
But seeing the saint True Divinity calmly leave and leave his son here, it proved that he didn't place the True Divinity of the Demi-Immortal Clan in his eyes.
As for Empyrean Original Sin, when he heard Maha's words, he smiled and said, "Your father just didn't want to kill you. Get out of my way."
With that, Empyrean Original Sin flicked his spear. Maha felt his vision blur as if a star had smashed into his chest and exploded. The massive impact sent him flying away!
As Maha was sent flying away by the spear, the other nine Empyreans didn't say a word. They all rose into the air and followed after their Highness …
"Are we really going to let them go like this?" Empyrean Original Sin asked as he held his spear in his hands.
The old man looked in the direction they left and lightly said, "Let them go. If we kill a saint Dao Child, we will lose all opportunities. It isn't worth it."
After the saint Dao Child left, Old Man Feng introduced this person to the Empyreans present.
It turned out that this old man was the third disciple of the Saint. His name was Startail.
Because of the conflict between the Saints, the Saint's disciples had all died. Startail had escaped into the Saint's inner world. It was only in this universe that he managed to escape this calamity. But, he had fallen into a long slumber.
Many years ago, Startail had only awakened once. At the same time, he had activated the bloodline of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
The Demi-Immortal Clan was arranged by the disciples. Once it was activated at a specific time, the Demi-Immortal Clan would begin to operate according to the predetermined path …
The Old Patriarch was one of the links, the True Dragon was another, Gods Without Thought was another, and Luo Zheng was the most important link.
But from the very beginning, the Saint's disciples had planned to use Luo Zheng as a hidden chess piece. They hoped that he would grow in the dark while Xuanyuan Chenfeng would be a chess piece in the light. The other Dao Children would support Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
But in terms of operation, there were still many mistakes. No matter how skilled the disciples were, it was impossible for them to not make mistakes.
As a result, Luo Zheng obtained first place, and in the end, Luo Xi Xuan could only become this hidden chess piece.
However, the plan was progressing so quickly that Sir Xing Wei and the Old Patriarch couldn't think too much about it. They had to send Luo Zheng and the others into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement first.
Otherwise, no matter how many arrangements he made, it would still be in vain.
The chaos caused by the saints caused the many Empyreans to feel an even greater sense of crisis. In particular, the four Empyreans – Gods Without Thought – were the leaders. The Xuanyuan, Lie, and Ji Families were all disciples and descendants. If the saints were to occupy the universe, they might be able to leave behind other influences, but they would absolutely exterminate the four great families.
Several days later, the Daoists left the universe and were transported to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
According to the old patriarch, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was an extremely complicated place.
First of all, this world was vast and boundless. It did not belong to the universe, but was also the inner world of a Saint.
However, in this inner world, there were martial artists from the Divine Realm as well as the inner worlds of the various Saints. There were all sorts of different races …
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, it was also an excellent place for adventuring.
The ten Daoists were transmitted at the same time. Moreover, this transmission wasn't a transmission channel in the ordinary sense!
A transmission channel only used the Space Laws to draw extremely far away space closer, folding it in half. In truth, the distance still existed …
But in this transmission, Luo Zheng arrived in a strange world in the blink of an eye. He knew that this was no longer the universe.
"Cave, cave?"
Luo Zheng looked up at the skies. He discovered that he seemed to be in a massive cave!
The reason he said 'massive' was because Luo Zheng was unable to describe just how massive this cave was. The dome of this cave seemed to extend into an infinite distance. From the ground to the top of the cave, the height was probably equal to the height between a great world and a planet!
This massive cave could no longer be called a cave, but a world of its own.
There seemed to be countless tiny motes of light growing at the top of the cave. These motes of light were constantly alternating between dimness and brilliance. Thus, from time to time, waves of light would rise up from the top of the cave, dazzling the eyes.
It was also these motes of light that brought light to this massive cave. These motes of light were the sun of this cave!
Because the distance was too great, Luo Zheng couldn't clearly see what these motes of light were. However, Luo Zheng speculated that they should be some sort of life form that was attached to the top of the cave. Moreover, if they could emit such a radiance from such a great distance, this life form wouldn't be small. Perhaps each mote of light was as large as a planet.
These motes of light weren't the destination of Luo Zheng's exploration this time.
Entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement this time was to increase his cultivation at the fastest speed possible!
That Maha was also a Daoist and was only a step away from being conferred the title of True Divinity. If he could become a True Divinity, then he would have the qualifications to save the universe …
As for who was right and who was wrong, it no longer mattered!
The location Luo Zheng was transmitted to was extremely desolate. It seemed to be a flat desert. However, below this desert, there were countless divine runes drawn.
What made Luo Zheng surprised was that the attainments of these divine runes were so high that he had never heard of them before!
In Luo Zheng's opinion, the divine runes that Qinglong had imparted to him were already very impressive. However, with a casual glance, he discovered that the divine runes that Qinglong had recorded weren't even 1% of the divine runes here!
"The Dao of Divine Runes in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement is abnormally developed," Luo Zheng came to this conclusion.
However, he didn't dwell on this. Instead, he quickly left along the desert.
Before entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the old patriarch had told him in detail about the things to pay attention to in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
There were countless transmission points in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They could appear at any place. However, no matter where they appeared, the first thing to do was to hide themselves.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was a rather cruel world. At the same time, there was no way to be reborn after death. Therefore, if one wanted to accept the trial, the first step was to survive …
Fortunately, the desert was extremely desolate. Luo Zheng spent an hour to completely pass through it. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes was a gray forest. When Luo Zheng carefully sized it up, he discovered that this forest was actually made of stone.
Luo Zheng approached one of the trees and lightly leaped. When he landed on the ground, he had already broken a branch in his hand.
No matter how carefully he looked, from the bark to the trunk, and then to the leaves that were covered in veined patterns, they were all stone!
In fact, it wasn't rare for trees to turn into stone. For example, fossils were often formed by various creatures immersed in the long river of time. This forest might have encountered some accident and turned into stone.
However, Luo Zheng could feel the life force slowly flowing from this tree trunk. He could be sure that this stone forest was still growing. They were born stone.
"In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, anything that goes against common sense can happen. Don't be too surprised. In fact, the inner world of every Saint is different …"
This was one of Old Man Feng's warnings.
After Luo Zheng carefully looked at it, he placed the branch where it was and quietly sneaked into the stone forest.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that the moment he entered the forest, a huge monster somewhere in the forest had its eyes on him.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1466
In this stone forest, there was almost no movement.
Luo Zheng was also very vigilant when he entered.
This wasn't the universe, so Luo Zheng couldn't use his power to move. More importantly, there were natives of the Forbidden Land of God as well as martial artists from the Realm of the Gods here!
In this stone forest, whether it was the tall trees or the short weeds, they were all in the form of stones.
Luo Zheng would occasionally step on them, and those thin weeds would break...
Luo Zheng walked forward for a distance of about four to five hundred miles, spending about four hours. If he flew in the air, this distance would only take Luo Zheng a few breaths. But in an unfamiliar place, rashly exposing himself to the sky was an extremely dangerous thing to do.
As the sky gradually darkened, Luo Zheng indeed saw that the starlight above the dome that illuminated the cave was gradually dimming. Clearly, there was a difference between day and night in the Forbidden Land of God.
But this night came too quickly. In just a few breaths of time, the light turned into darkness. There was no change at all.
This darkness was unable to suppress Luo Zheng's perception range. His eyes flashed with a green light, and the blurry world of darkness around him gradually became clear...
"Continue forward."
At this moment, Luo Zheng wanted to meet a martial artist the most. He wanted to first understand the basic situation of this world.
But the instant darkness descended, Luo Zheng immediately felt the earth begin to tremble...
"Thump, thump, thump..."
Huge footsteps stepped on the ground, forming one pit after another.
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, there was a "mountain" slowly moving. This huge monster had a body that was several thousand feet tall, but its head was surprisingly small.
This huge monster walked for a distance, then stopped. It stretched out its small head towards the stone forest, then opened its mouth and began to reject the tree trunks and leaves in this stone forest!
"Even stones are eaten." Luo Zheng was only fifty to sixty feet away from this huge monster. This scene made Luo Zheng feel very strange.
But when he thought about it, these stones contained life force, and in his eyes, they were exactly the same as stones, hard and brittle. But in the eyes of the living beings in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they were their natural food!
In the process of evolution, this kind of creature forgot to evolve its intelligence. It only had a huge body, but it did not have any predatory nature and was very gentle.
However, in the natural world, gentle creatures were destined to become food for others!
Suddenly, a hoarse cry came from the darkness, and the whole stone forest became lively. At the same time, some strange words were transmitted. Luo Zheng couldn't understand those words, but Luo Zheng was sure that the creatures in the darkness were intelligent!
Although this mountain-like beast was simple-minded, it was not stupid. After hearing the noise, its huge body began to turn around.
It took a big step with its head. If it ran at full speed, its speed would naturally not be slow. But at this moment, it was slowly adjusting its direction. The shadows in the stone forest were getting closer and closer, and at the same time, they jumped onto the mountain-like beast!
Luo Zheng completely restrained his aura in the darkness, and he could clearly see the origin of these creatures. They seemed to be monkeys less than half a meter tall.
However, these monkeys were slightly different from the monkeys Luo Zheng had seen. At least, they didn't have the so-called "pointy mouth and monkey cheeks."
Many of these creatures jumped around Luo Zheng, and they divided the work clearly. The stronger ones tried to drive away the huge beast, and the faster ones directly climbed onto the huge body, and began to advance towards the neck of the huge creature...
Not long after, Luo Zheng heard the huge monster howl, and then it fell to the side, like a mountain collapsing. The moment it fell, the earth trembled.
Such a huge body, to those short and small creatures, was like a huge 'mountain of flesh'. These creatures dug out the thick flesh and began to cut off the oil and other things under the skin, appearing to be in an orderly manner.
Luo Zheng hid his figure, and after looking around, he prepared to leave.
These creatures were the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but in a situation where there was a language barrier, Luo Zheng's rash appearance would only be met with a counterattack. Luo Zheng's goal was to find humanoid creatures, whether it was the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Race, or even the Giant Race...
Overall, this Forbidden Land of God Refinement was not as dangerous as he imagined.
Luo Zheng's figure quietly flashed, and he disappeared into the stone forest. He planned to continue his exploration.
However, the moment Luo Zheng hid in the stone forest, he suddenly heard a soft sound. Although the sound was soft, it seemed to be extremely fast.
It was also this small sound that attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
As his figure floated again, he moved through the jungle very agilely. After choosing a tree trunk, he suddenly stopped on this tree trunk.
"Swoosh swoosh …"
Two extremely soft sounds rang out again!
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, and with a light shake of his long sword, a sword light slashed out in an arc!
With Luo Zheng as the center, all the stone forest within thirty miles of him was cut into pieces!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
The thing that followed Luo Zheng no longer had a place to hide, and at this moment, it spread its wings and flew up high!
"Huge bats?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
This thing was completely black, and it had a pair of pitch-black fleshy wings. It moved silently in the night.
The wingspan of these bats was probably seventy to eighty feet!
Apart from the monkey-like creatures Luo Zheng saw before, the creatures hiding in the stone forest seemed to be exceptionally huge.
Could it be the world outside the Immortal Mansion?
In the huge forest outside the Immortal Mansion, there were incomparably huge creatures. However, the world outside the Immortal Mansion, together with the trees, was also unimaginably tall. Luo Zheng quickly rejected this idea.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, the world outside the Immortal Mansion should be somewhere in the God Domain, and this place was not the God Domain.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh..."
Those bats streaked across the sky, and with a sudden flicker, they disappeared from Luo Zheng's field of vision. They circled around Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed...
Although their speed was fast, they couldn't escape Luo Zheng's surveillance range. He held his long sword in his hand, and stood in place. If these giant bats dared to attack him, he would immediately kill them.
However, these giant bats seemed to have high intelligence. They also feared the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand, and weren't willing to swarm him like this.
After confronting them like this for a long time, Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to deal with these bats. Instead, he increased his speed in the darkness, constantly moving forward.
As he moved forward, those giant bats did the same. They followed closely behind Luo Zheng, neither approaching nor retreating. From beginning to end, they maintained a safe distance from Luo Zheng!
"I don't know what these bats... are after." Luo Zheng was also puzzled.
After Luo Zheng moved forward another three to four hundred li, the stone forest finally came to an end. At this moment, the bats stopped moving forward. They still wanted to follow Luo Zheng, but they seemed to be afraid of something in front of them. They kept circling above Luo Zheng's head.
"What kind of powerful existence is in front of us?"
Vicious beasts were only defined in the universe. Luo Zheng also knew that the creatures in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement couldn't simply be classified as vicious beasts.
These creatures also had a strong sense of territory. If they didn't move forward, then there must be some other creature's territory in front of them.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and continued forward. Overall, the creatures he encountered in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement weren't too powerful. At the very least, there wasn't anything that could threaten Luo Zheng's life right now.
But just as this thought appeared in his mind, Luo Zheng immediately rejected it.
After passing through the stone forest, the surrounding forest seemed normal. Although it was filled with unknown trees and flowers, it still had a lush and verdant appearance. Compared to the stone forest, it was much better.
Luo Zheng had just stepped into the forest when he heard the sound of horse hooves.
Luo Zheng saw a white pony wildly running through the forest. This pony was extremely handsome and had a sharp horn on its head.
"A unicorn?"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened, his expression no longer as relaxed as before. This was because this pony was carrying a woman whose cultivation was at the peak of the Divine Transformation realm.
Besides this woman, the martial artists following behind her also had high cultivations. There were even World Lords amongst them.

Chapter 1467
The unicorn had a pure white mane that was incomparably smooth. If one looked carefully, one could see that the hooves of the horse were inlaid with perfect god runes.
Every time the unicorn took a step, these god runes would create an extremely small force field. Under these force fields, the unicorn would run wildly in the air …
"Eldest Princess, we've already patrolled to the edge of the grey forest. This time, the darkness will last for sixty-two hours. I'm afraid there will be danger if we're late!" A black-clothed man in a long robe among the horses advised.
In the eyes of an ordinary person, the darkness had already descended. Suddenly, no light could be seen.
However, in the eyes of Luo Zheng and the warriors in front of him, this darkness wasn't a hindrance at all.
Unless the darkness law enveloped them, they would be able to see clearly even in the darkness!
Because the opponent was a Sector Lord, Luo Zheng was now even more careful as he curled up in a corner. Hearing this conversation, Luo Zheng obtained a few more pieces of information.
Eldest Princess …
Did these people belong to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement or were they from the Realm of Gods? This woman's status was clearly very high.
"As long as sixty-two hours?" Luo Zheng quietly pondered. In other words, if the things at the top of the cave wanted to light up again, it would take sixty-two hours. Moreover, during these sixty-two hours, would there be any danger in this area?
"What's the rush? Those yellow birds were chased away last time. Even if they come out this time, there won't be so many of them." The woman indifferently replied. She urged her horse to charge into the grey forest.
"Even so, the place of birth in the Dazzling Gold Desert has been abandoned for thousands of years. The legend that Eldest Princess heard was just a joke. When it comes to fate, it can never be predicted!"
When it comes to fate, it can never be predicted?
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was momentarily stunned.
Ever since he stepped on the path of martial arts, there had been a huge disagreement about fate.
Luo Zheng had once believed that everything that happened to him was caused by the clouds. It was fate that had been decided by the heavens!
However, not long ago, Hua Tianming told him that fate was just a lie …
This person's words once again proved Hua Tianming's point of view!
"He Zuowei! How dare you eavesdrop on me! "The woman's voice turned cold.
"In order to protect Princess Royal, this is something that must be done. If Princess Royal has any dissatisfaction, you can report it to His Highness!" The black-robed warrior calmly said, "The Heavenly Soul race member who sold the flowers has already been captured by us. The story he fabricated was just to lure the Eldest Princess into the Gray Forest. According to what I know, there are at least a few extremely powerful demonic creatures deep underground that are interested in the Eldest Princess! Of course … I'm referring to the Grand Princess's flesh and blood. "
"You!"
The woman was clearly angered by the guard's words, and for a moment, she was unable to refute.
But she still rode the unicorn forward …
"Princess Royal, you're only 200 feet away from the Grey Forest!" He Zuowei's voice suddenly became louder.
The Eldest Princess didn't say anything else. She just slowly drove the unicorn forward, but she was getting closer and closer to the Grey Forest.
"Princess Royal, you are only ten feet away from the Grey Forest …" He Zuowei warned again.
At this moment, a crafty look appeared on the princess's face. She suddenly shook the reins and the unicorn shot towards the gray forest like an arrow leaving the bow!
"You can't!"
He Zuowei's expression changed. His hands suddenly stretched out and transformed into two giant hands. They instantly appeared behind the Princess Royal and grabbed her along with her horse. He Zuowei finally managed to stop the Princess Royal.
However, the unicorn was too fast. Even though He Zuowei stopped the Eldest Princess, the Eldest Princess and the horse were already half a body length away from entering the Grey Forest.
Luo Zheng quietly hid in the forest, but he noticed He Zuowei's expression.
This He Zuowei had the cultivation of a world overlord and had saved the eldest princess. Why was his expression getting uglier and uglier? Luo Zheng clearly saw He Zuowei's ashen face in the darkness!
Soon, Luo Zheng understood why He Zuowei's expression was so bad …
Just now, Luo Zheng had passed through the stone forest. It was deathly silent. After a long time, he saw a group of monkey like creatures hunting for food. At most, he was attacked by bats!
Overall, there weren't many trees in this forest. Naturally, there wasn't much danger!
However, the moment the woman entered the stone forest!
Luo Zheng felt a continuous tremor under his feet. It was like a continuous earthquake!
"Rumble …"
As the stone forest shook, it seemed to awaken. All the trees and branches waved in the darkness, as if they were the claws and fangs of a demon.
This wasn't much.
Ordinary warriors wouldn't be afraid of these natural phenomena. No matter how strong the earthquake was, it wouldn't kill a warrior who could fly …
However, a boundless and terrifying aura was suddenly transmitted from the ground!
The moment this strong aura was released, Luo Zheng almost lost control of himself. His upper and lower teeth trembled violently before he could regain control of himself!
After feeling this aura, Luo Zheng's instinctive fear caused Luo Zheng to lose control of his body!
However, this loss of control only lasted for a moment. If it was any longer, Luo Zheng would have already fled. However, now wasn't the time for Luo Zheng to expose himself.
What kind of thing was hidden under the ground?
Even if he was facing an enraged Empyrean, Luo Zheng wouldn't feel this terrifying.
As for the eldest princess sitting on the unicorn, her face was deathly pale at this moment!
"Quick, run! Otherwise, we will all die here! "He Zuowei's expression was extremely ugly.
He Zuowei was a Sector Lord. Now that he had lost control of himself, one could imagine how terrifying the thing hidden in the grey forest was.
Why wasn't there any reaction when I walked all the way here? Luo Zheng couldn't help but mutter in his heart. Could it be like what He Zuowei said? The thing underground was only interested in the princess's flesh?
He Zuowei suddenly pulled with both hands and pulled the princess out of the Grey Forest along with her horse!
"Go go go!"
"However, the darkness has lasted for so long. I'm afraid there's going to be trouble!"
"I can only let the obsessives come out!"
Luo Zheng was originally hesitating whether or not to hide here. However, when he turned his head, he only glanced at the grey forest and immediately fled!
At this moment, Luo Zheng squeezed out all of his potential and ran with extreme speed after the group of people!
From within the grey forest, a huge black shadow stood up! It was unknown how long that huge black shadow was, but its body was hundreds of zhang wide. It was probably the size of a true dragon or phoenix.
However, the top of this huge body was filled with huge barbs. All of the barbs were growing towards the black hole at the top.
And at the edge of the black hole, there were black and white spheres!
Although Luo Zheng couldn't understand what this monster was, he could almost instantly tell that these balls were the monster's eyeballs. All creatures were most sensitive to the 'eye' part, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
Seeing such a thing, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. Why would he be afraid of exposing himself?
The Eldest Princess rode her unicorn at an extremely fast speed. She was already at the front. The others were in a row, following behind the Eldest Princess. They didn't choose to fly …
These people were very familiar with the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't choose this step. He used his extremely agile body to run madly behind the group of warriors!
Under such a mad dash, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't hide himself. The Eldest Princess was indeed in a panic after disturbing such a huge monster. However, even in her panic, she still discovered Luo Zheng!
"He Zuowei! I found him, I found him! I already said … he will definitely appear! "The Eldest Princess loudly shouted.
As these people were running madly, they suddenly saw Luo Zheng jump out and join the fleeing group. They were also baffled! Especially He Zuowei. His eyes focused on Luo Zheng, and his face was full of surprise. "This is impossible. The Golden Desert's birth place must have been destroyed. How could someone appear there?"

Chapter 1468
The surface of this giant shadow was full of bumps and hollows. It was ferocious and terrifying. If one looked at it from afar, it would look like an earthworm crawling on the ground.
However, this earthworm was massive and the speed at which it moved was also incomparably strange!
The words of the two naturally reached Luo Zheng's ears.
Luo Zheng heard the general gist of their conversation from beginning to end. It seemed that the Eldest Princess had believed someone's words and then urged her horse to search for that person.
But this He Zuowei believed that this was impossible and in the end, the Eldest Princess had entered the Gray Forest.
However, the Eldest Princess didn't think that the consequences would be so severe.
She had only taken a small step into the Gray Forest and she had already attracted such an existence. Was the attraction of her flesh and blood really that strong?
Although she was riding her unicorn and madly running, she wasn't afraid at all. On the contrary, she felt that it was extremely exciting!
At this moment, her figure turned slightly on the horse's back, allowing the unicorn to gallop forward. Her pair of round eyes locked onto Luo Zheng!
"He has a Divine Limit realm cultivation … he should have just been born in the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement and should have just left the Gray Forest …" The Eldest Princess softly analyzed.
"Eldest Princess, now isn't the time to discuss this." He Zuowei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He simply didn't place Luo Zheng in his heart. This fellow had been hiding on the side just now and he had faintly sensed him. However, he didn't think that he was a human, but this wasn't important.
At this moment, he was thinking about how to block that monster behind him. Otherwise, everyone would be buried together!
"No." The Eldest Princess stared at Luo Zheng. Her small lips suddenly curled up. "Capture him for me! Capture him alive! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly sank.
In this group, besides He Zuowei who was a World Lord, there was another World Lord. Besides them, almost everyone else was a Divine Transformation realm martial artist.
As long as he could avoid these two World Lords, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid of those Divine Transformation realm martial artists!
These two Sector Lords wanted to capture Luo Zheng, and capture him alive. The key was that there was still a huge shadow chasing after them … Luo Zheng didn't think that the two Sector Lords would listen to the eldest princess, because that would be seeking death.
Sure enough, He Zuowei said bitterly, "Eldest Princess, it's more important to escape now. I don't have the confidence to capture the person behind us alive!"
"You're a Sector Lord, yet you can't even catch a little fellow at the Ultimate Divine Stage?" The Eldest Princess took the opportunity to ask.
He Zuowei could only curse in his heart.
If he was given enough time and space, no matter how good this Ultimate Divine stage little fellow was at running, he would still be able to easily capture him. However, what was the situation now? This was the time to run for their lives! The one chasing after him was the Formless Heavenly Centipede!
The mouth of the Formless Heavenly Centipede was said to be able to devour everything in the world. In the belly of the Formless Heavenly Centipede was a strange, narrow cave. Any forest that entered would be slowly melted and dismembered …
"Now is not the time to capture people. Besides, this little brother should be a newcomer as well. He wants to escape with us! Little brother … You won't run away, right? You've just been born in the Divine Refinement Secret Realm. If you get our help, you'll be able to get twice the result with half the effort! "He Zuowei couldn't help but say.
He Zuowei was too clear about the Eldest Princess' temperament. She had come all the way here and actually "coincidentally" found a descender. It was indeed a miraculous thing! She would definitely not let that guy go!
Looking at this guy's figure and speed, his strength was definitely not weak. Even if he was a Sector Lord, he wouldn't be able to control this guy in the blink of an eye. Therefore, it was best to use words to control him first!
"Yes, you won't run away, right?" The Eldest Princess had thought it through. Anyway, this guy had nowhere to go. As long as he followed them, there was no need to capture Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was behind them, blinked expressionlessly. Then, he suddenly jumped to the other side. His body rolled twice in the air, forming an arc in the air before he quickly fell into the bushes!
This group of people didn't dare to fly high, so Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't fly either.
However, Luo Zheng already knew that the Non-Phase Sky Puppet seemed to be attracted by this "Eldest Princess". He naturally wouldn't foolishly follow them. Wouldn't that be courting death? Moreover, this woman had revealed obvious malice towards him. She wanted to capture him. If he obediently listened to her, he would become an idiot …
The Eldest Princess had just finished asking her question when the other party parted ways. She was really angry in her heart. "Go!"
At this moment, she suddenly shook the reins and made a ninety degree turn, chasing after Luo Zheng!
When He Zuowei and the rest saw this, their mouths were filled with a bitter taste. They didn't expect things to develop to this point. Was their lives more important, or was that insignificant fellow more important?
However, the Eldest Palace Master's personality had always been unreliable!
"Eldest Princess! Don't chase! "
"That Non-Phase Sky Puppet has already caught up. Its target is you, Eldest Princess!"
If one were to talk about depression, the most depressed person right now was probably Luo Zheng …
Previously, he had been hiding his body and moving forward peacefully.
Who would have thought that just as he was running halfway, he would encounter such a strange woman!
Because the Eldest Princess had changed her direction while riding on the unicorn, the enormous Non-Phase Sky Puppet had also twisted its enormous body. As it continued to shrink and shrink on the ground, it continued to chase after the Eldest Princess. Naturally, it was also chasing after Luo Zheng!
If one looked down from high up in the sky, a huge ravine would appear in this endless forest. Wherever the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede passed, it would be a complete mess!
However, this kind of thing was too common in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
Because the Saint had intentionally created this Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the benefits of cultivating in it were indeed great, and there were indeed martial artists who had condensed Divine Deity within it!
But at the same time, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was extremely dangerous! More importantly, it was a great taboo to move around at night!
In the eyes of the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the light in the dome was called "divine light". Under the illumination of the divine light, the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement was safe, and all demons and monsters had to retreat!
However, once the divine light retreated, it would be another world.
Ordinary martial artists didn't dare to move around at all, and only World Lords dared to move around in groups!
The Eldest Princess relied on the fact that she had people protecting her and insisted on coming to the Grey Forest to find a descender.
Luo Zheng had indeed been born in the Dazzling Gold Desert …
However, that place was an abandoned birthplace, so Luo Zheng was alone there.
Therefore, the Eldest Princess took the call and wanted to bring Luo Zheng back!
The unicorn's speed was incomparably fast. Every time the horse's hooves stomped, there would be a faint light flickering under the horse's hooves. While maintaining its high speed, it was also extremely nimble, and it kept chasing after Luo Zheng all the way!
"Hey, wait a moment. Don't run so fast!" The Eldest Princess shouted from behind.
The group of people behind the Eldest Princess all had helpless expressions. There was a huge beast chasing after them, and you kept saying that you wanted to bring him back. You expect him to wait for you? This isn't a dream, right?
As expected, Luo Zheng didn't have any reaction and continued to run forward. At this moment, he didn't even choose his path. When he encountered some bushes and even some huge trees, he would directly crash into them. In any case, these forests couldn't stop Luo Zheng's figure, let alone injure him.
Hearing the Eldest Princess shouting from behind, Luo Zheng wanted to attack several times, wanting to kill this woman!
However, thinking about the two World Lords following behind this woman, Luo Zheng could only endure. It was better to think of a way to get rid of her!
"He Zuowei! Help me stop that guy. Otherwise, I won't be polite to you! " After chasing for a while, the distance between the two sides didn't close. The Eldest Princess finally got angry and used her trump card. She gave the order!
Hearing this, Luo Zheng had already grasped the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword in his hand!
In any case, the Formless Sky Centipede was chasing this woman. If this World Lord really dared to make a move to stop him, he would definitely kill this woman first!
"Hu hu …"
As he ran, Luo Zheng didn't stop his killing intent from spreading outwards.
Although this killing intent was very shallow, He Zuowei could clearly feel it. This killing intent that was purposely spread out was a clear warning.
He Zuowei didn't plan on listening to the Eldest Princess's orders. In any case, this wasn't the first time he didn't listen to her orders. However, the killing intent that Luo Zheng suddenly released left He Zuowei surprised!
This person's killing intent was to remind him that if He Zuowei attacked, this person would kill the Eldest Princess?
This fellow clearly knew that they had two World Lords in their group and that the Eldest Princess was a peak Divine Transformation realm martial artist. Even so, he still dared to release such a warning killing intent …
Was he that confident in his own strength? He Zuowei instantly came to this conclusion.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1469
He Zuowei's mentality was firm.
His only goal was to protect the Eldest Princess!
If Luo Zheng had so brazenly released his killing intent to intimidate him, then normally he would have already killed Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was only a descender, and from the looks of it, he was a descender from the Realm of the Gods. This sort of low life form had no value in He Zuowei's eyes.
But under the pursuit of the Formless Heavenly Puppet, He Zuowei didn't dare to recklessly attack.
At this time, Luo Zheng was still maintaining his calm.
The higher the benefits, the higher the risks. This was a very basic principle.
Although the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was a completely independent world, for a martial artist to obtain such great benefits and even condense a godhead here and become a True Divinity … the risks were also great!
In this situation, Luo Zheng might perish if he wasn't careful.
He would either be devoured by the behemoth or killed by the two Realm Masters. These were genuine Realm Masters. That day, when they fought against the Great Shaman in the Great Thousand World, several Daoists took turns to fight, but it was still so strenuous. Now that Luo Zheng was facing two of them alone, it was impossible for him to win!
"He Zuowei, you dare not listen to me!?" The Eldest Princess was enraged. In her eyes, as long as He Zuowei attacked, that fellow in front of her wouldn't be able to escape!
He Zuowei rolled his eyes. He pinched a divine rune in his hand. The Formless Heavenly Puppet behind him was getting closer and closer. He wanted to use the Royal Divine Rune to block it …
But before He Zuowei could move, the Eldest Princess finally couldn't bear it any longer. "Humph, then I'll do it myself!"
The Eldest Princess had a peak Divine Transformation realm cultivation and could be considered a half-step World Lord. Facing the Divine Limit realm Luo Zheng, she was confident she could take him down!
Woosh!
The Eldest Princess suddenly leapt up, an umbrella appearing in her hands!
This was an oil paper umbrella, the Eldest Princess' weapon.
Umbrella type weapons were relatively rare, but the one in the Eldest Princess' hand was especially fierce!
The Eldest Princess' exquisite figure gently flipped on the horse's back and she stood firmly on it. Then, she grabbed the oil paper umbrella with her slender hands and shook it!
"Boom!"
The ribs of the umbrella suddenly opened up!
"Heavenly Spirit Shield!"
The moment the Grand Princess opened her umbrella, an umbrella-shaped light suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng's head, covering Luo Zheng's head!
A sharp light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. The killing intent in his heart was obvious!
He didn't want to get into trouble here, but this woman was chasing after him for no reason. If she wanted to die, she couldn't blame him.
Before the Heavenly Spirit Shield fell, Luo Zheng rolled in the air, and a sharp sword light slashed towards the Heavenly Spirit Shield!
"Yi Shen's Sword! Wind Kill! "
After comprehending the complete Yi God's Sword, Luo Zheng's understanding of the way of the sword had reached another level!
Previously, Luo Zheng had comprehended the Origin Returning Yi Divine Sword, which was based on the Metal Elemental Law and mixed with the Chaotic Qi!
However, the Metal Elemental Law wasn't the only Law in this world. Luo Zheng tried to integrate many kinds of Law into the Chaotic Qi, trying to stimulate the Chaotic Qi to become stronger. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng failed in the process of integration.
He couldn't integrate more than two kinds of Law with the Chaotic Qi. The result was that the two kinds of Law were directly swallowed by the Chaotic Qi. As for why this happened, Luo Zheng didn't know.
However, after some research, Luo Zheng discovered that the Yi God's Sword had its own effect when combined with other kinds of Law!
For example, with the Wind Elemental Law as the foundation, the sword light could instantly expand infinitely. Moreover, whether it was the speed or the angle of cutting, it was unpredictable.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The Heavenly Spirit Shield was almost instantly destroyed by Luo Zheng's sword.
"Eh?"
The Eldest Princess, who was standing on the horse's back, was stunned. Her Heavenly Spirit Shield was destroyed so easily?
This umbrella was given to her by her father. How could it be so easy …
This umbrella was called the Lone Star Umbrella, and it was a Primordial Treasure!
With the Eldest Princess's cultivation, the Heavenly Spirit Shield released, other than the Realm Lord, almost every one of them would be hit!
The Eldest Princess was in a daze, but the others were naturally not.
Especially He Zuowei, he didn't stop the Eldest Princess when he saw her attack. Perhaps the young man in front of him had some ability, but his cultivation was still inferior to the Eldest Princess by a large margin, not to mention the weapon in the Eldest Princess's hand was a Primordial Treasure!
Therefore, he was constantly forming seals with his hands. He wanted to form the Imperial God Rune to block the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede first. Only then would they have a chance to escape.
However, it was fine if the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede didn't come out. Now that it had chased them out, it would definitely plunder this place. If they shook off the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, who knew which city would suffer a calamity!
However, before he could form the Imperial God Rune, the young man in front of him easily cut through the Eldest Princess's Heavenly Spirit Shield.
"This speed … Oh no!"
He had already formed half of the Imperial God Rune, but at this moment, he didn't hesitate at all and instantly gave up.
It must be known that the Imperial God Rune consumed a lot of his energy, and giving up halfway was a considerable burden for him. However, He Zuowei's consciousness changed at a speed countless times faster than an ordinary person's. Since he saw the young man's terrifying sword technique, he knew that if he didn't make a move, the Eldest Princess would probably die at the young man's hands!
"Pah!"
He Zuowei suddenly clapped his hands together, and a divine rune spread out!
An identical divine rune spread out in front of the Eldest Princess, forming a black vortex!
"Pfft!"
At the same time, Luo Zheng's second slash also floated over and crashed into the black vortex.
He Zuowei's attack had annihilated Luo Zheng's second slash!
The Eldest Princess was stunned for a while before she realized what had happened. A silver spiral appeared in her eyes, and her expression became angry. This guy actually wanted to kill her!
He Zuowei's face also darkened. If it wasn't for his quick reaction, the Eldest Princess would already be a dead person!
"Old Five, take down that kid. I will continue to form the array!"
Before this, He Zuowei didn't have any killing intent towards Luo Zheng. He only treated Luo Zheng as a person he didn't want to imprison!
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was very cruel. Some races would kill creatures of other races without mercy, but He Zuowei's group came from the Divine Realm, and their mentality was high and mighty. They didn't have much interest in killing these weak creatures in the universe.
However, since this person really dared to make a move on the Eldest Princess, it was a capital offense.
After the middle-aged man called Old Five heard He Zuowei's order, he also chose to make a move. With his Realm Lord cultivation, it wouldn't be too difficult to take down Luo Zheng.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure shifted in the air and changed direction again!
He was actually rushing towards the Eldest Princess!
Luo Zheng was very clear about the current situation. Whether it was the enormous Formless Heavenly Puppet behind him or this group of experts, Luo Zheng wasn't their opponent.
Now, Luo Zheng could only choose to borrow power to be qualified to get rid of this group of people … However, at this moment, he was sighing in his heart. Although the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was very dangerous, he had attracted this trouble for no reason!
The Eldest Princess didn't expect Luo Zheng to rush back. She stood on the back of the unicorn and madly rushed forward at an extremely fast speed!
Under the relative speed, she only saw a figure flash in her vision. The next thought was that she wanted to open the Lone Star Umbrella. This Lone Star Umbrella would protect its owner … Unfortunately, her reaction wasn't that fast.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and grabbed the Eldest Princess tightly!
Under the restraint of the ocean-like power, even with her peak Divine Realm cultivation, she couldn't break free from Luo Zheng's hands!
Moreover, the Eldest Princess was already out of her wits and didn't even try to break free …
"Oh no!"
The two Sector Lords, He Zuowei and Old Five, had a huge change in expression!
This youth was actually holding the Eldest Princess hostage and rushing towards the Formless Heavenly Puppet!
The moment Luo Zheng made his move, he tried to analyze the situation in his heart.
First, he understood that the Eldest Princess on the back of the unicorn definitely couldn't be killed. Not to mention the difficulty of killing a peak Divine Realm expert, even if Luo Zheng could do it, the two Sector Lords wouldn't let him go if he killed her.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng couldn't escape. Therefore, killing the Eldest Princess was definitely a path to death!
The previous two swords Luo Zheng used were just probing.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, when he used the second sword to threaten the Eldest Princess's life, the other Sector Lord had already planned to take his life. The other Sector Lord was also prepared to make a move against him.

Chapter 1470
Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't kill this woman, but it was impossible for her to know what Luo Zheng was thinking.
The biggest surprise in this step was this woman's strength!
But from Luo Zheng's first and second sword attacks, not only did he understand the situation, but he also figured out this woman's strength!
Just like Luo Zheng's initial judgment, this woman was the same as Xi Youqin. She was a martial artist who only had cultivation but didn't have any actual combat experience. This kind of martial artist's cultivation and strength were often unequal … but what Luo Zheng didn't know was that his guess was only half correct!
This was because Luo Zheng's thought process was still that of the universe. He didn't know that the Realm of the Gods was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
This woman wasn't as simple as he thought.
As Luo Zheng brought this woman in the opposite direction, He Zuowei and the Fifth Brother were scared out of their wits! The other Divine Transformation realm martial artists were also dumbfounded …
"What do we do!?" The Fifth Brother urged his true essence, wanting to explode forth and chase after them. But he was actually asking He Zuowei, because he felt that there was no solution to this situation!
Threatening the Eldest Princess wasn't a problem, but the problem was that this bastard was actually bringing the Eldest Princess towards the Formless Sky Centipede!
"There's no other way, we can only meet force with force!" At this moment, He Zuowei suddenly crossed his hands and pressed his two index fingers against his temples!
"Old He, you!" Seeing He Zuowei's actions, the Fifth Brother was stunned.
He Zuowei's actions were extremely decisive. Along the way, he didn't hesitate at all. No matter how much trouble the Eldest Princess caused, he would always make the most correct response!
Just like before, when Luo Zheng wanted to kill him, he gave up on forming seals and went to stop Luo Zheng's attack.
At this moment, he was going to go all out. The Eldest Princess didn't treasure her own life, but her own was the most important!
"I make a great wish! I wish for the Divine Path Immeasurable Law Sovereign to descend upon the world, create a supreme space, and seal away all evil … "
When He Zuowei made such a grand wish, his entire being emitted a strong and powerful aura!
Luo Zheng found it hard to stabilize himself under the impact of this aura. At the same time, he was extremely shocked. This Sector Lord's aura was comparable to an Empyrean's!
What the hell was that Great Ambition? To be able to raise his strength to such a level?
After he made this great wish, blue crystals gradually floated out and accumulated in front of He Zuowei, forming a huge space!
The huge Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was less than three hundred meters away from them. With their speed, they could cross this distance in the blink of an eye. However, under the layers of sealing space, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was actually forcefully sealed within.
Seeing the motionless Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, Luo Zheng was also extremely surprised.
This Formless Heavenly Centipede was probably a fierce beast that could contend against an Empyrean. It was actually sealed by a Realm Lord?
At this moment, Luo Zheng's view on cultivation had changed again.
Or rather, Luo Zheng's understanding of the division of realms was only from the universe. He wasn't clear about the situation in the other universes, nor was he clear about the situation in the Divine Realm.
This was because in the universe, it represented that a certain Realm Lord was in charge of an extremely special destiny. However, in the Divine Realm, there was no such thing as an Empyrean. Above the Realm Lord was the True God!
The Realm Lords in the Divine Realm were unable to bear the perfect laws of the universe, but they could cultivate great wishes. Of course, this great wish technique wasn't something that only the Realm Lords could use.
Although this great wish technique was powerful, it also had a considerable price to pay.
It actually represented an extremely powerful obsession!
For example, if someone wanted to complete their revenge and wanted to kill the current emperor, then this person could make a great wish. The great wish was that one day, he would definitely kill the emperor!
When the great wish technique was successfully used, this person would receive an additional boost. Especially when he was planning to kill the emperor, his cultivation, his arrangements, and his thoughts would all be greatly improved!
Similarly, if the plan was carried out halfway, because of himself or external factors, or even if the emperor suddenly died, then the great wish wouldn't be fulfilled!
If the great wish wasn't fulfilled, it would ultimately transform into a heart demon. It would appear when the person was at his weakest and give him a fatal blow! In the Divine Realm, there were many people who understood the great wish technique! After all, the great wish technique was considered an absolute unifying path in the Divine Realm.
There were many people who understood it, but those who were willing to make great wishes were few and far between. After all, it was something that would harm one's future.
Although this He Zuowei made this great wish, his heart was filled with regret.
The area near the Gray Forest was actually a relatively safe area. As long as one didn't pass through the Dazzling Gold Gobi and didn't continue to advance into the desert, the danger wouldn't be too great!
As for the several colossi below the forest, they naturally couldn't be provoked.
Unfortunately, the Eldest Princess made such a move in the end, immediately giving He Zuowei a difficult life and death challenge.
If this great wish was made, then in the future, he would have to kill this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. Only then could he continue to break through …
Although Luo Zheng was curious about this Realm Lord's methods, he didn't stop at all. He madly rushed forward!
"Stop him, Old Five!"
He Zuowei used the great wish to bind this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede not to let Luo Zheng escape. At this moment, he had to support his great wish, so it wasn't convenient for him to chase after Luo Zheng.
But just as he froze this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede could still sense the Eldest Princess' existence. Its massive body crazily shrank and contracted, wanting to take a step forward!
Crackle …
Even the space created by the great wish was still creaking at this moment, as if it would shatter at any moment!
When Old Five heard that sound, he roughly knew that He Zuowei wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer. He brought the other Divine Transformation Realm martial artists and chased after Luo Zheng!
"Let me go!"
This Eldest Princess finally opened her mouth to speak!
Just now, Luo Zheng had seized her and madly rushed back. They were only 300 feet away from that Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. That massive monster's head was covered in a circle of skin and flesh, a pile of horrifying eyeballs.
When the Eldest Princess saw this scene, it could be said that she was scared out of her wits. Even without Luo Zheng's coercion, she still wouldn't dare to move.
At this moment, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was being controlled by He Zuowei. She wasn't that afraid in her heart, so she naturally had to loudly berate Luo Zheng!
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng coldly snorted. Since he had already tied up the Eldest Princess here, how could he let her go?
No matter what, he had gambled correctly. This Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede had pinned down a Realm Master … It was just that he didn't know how long that Realm Master could last. To be able to seal this colossus was indeed powerful. Perhaps even some lower Empyreans didn't have such methods!
But at the same time, Luo Zheng also became vigilant. After all, there were two Realm Masters in this Eldest Princess's team!
Luo Zheng's thoughts were constantly spinning, but his feet didn't stop for a moment. He controlled the Eldest Princess and continued to fly forward!
"Brat … Put down the Eldest Princess and I can spare your life. Otherwise, there will be no room for negotiation between us!" The person behind him called Old Five directly threatened.
"Put down the Eldest Princess!"
"Do you know who we are?"
"If the Eldest Princess is unharmed, then we can guarantee that you won't die!"
Many Divine Transformation realm guards shouted out at this time, all of them desperately threatening Luo Zheng.
What they didn't know was that such threats would only cause Luo Zheng to run even faster … no matter what the situation was, Luo Zheng had already formed a grudge with these people. With the Eldest Princess as a shield, Luo Zheng felt much more at ease. Moreover, this Eldest Princess had a slender figure. To Luo Zheng, her weight was nothing more than a piece of paper!
"Since you refuse to realize your error, then don't blame me for not reminding you!" Old Five coldly shouted. With a wave of his hand, countless bright silver nails appeared behind him. "Soul Chasing Nails!"
Soul Chasing Nails shined with a blue light as they howled through the air, constantly circling around as they shot towards Luo Zheng's back!
However, before the Soul-Chasing Spikes could reach him, Luo Zheng swung the "weight" in his hand behind him, blocking the Soul-Chasing Spikes.

Chapter 1471
Luo Zheng was originally disdainful of using a woman as a shield.
However, this wasn't the universe he came from!
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped onto the martial path, he never lacked experts behind him.
Luo Zheng also knew that these powerhouses might be the so-called "fate". These powerhouses were pushing Luo Zheng forward step by step behind him.
However, in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng could only rely on himself.
Moreover, the "chip" in his hand came to him herself. If it wasn't for this woman pestering him, he wouldn't have encountered such a strange thing as soon as he was born in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
"You can't escape …."
The Sector Lord called "Old Five" hung behind Luo Zheng. Green light constantly flashed in his hand as if he wanted to use another ability.
"If you come any closer, I will make her head fall to the ground." Luo Zheng finally spoke. Since these people cared so much about this woman, they definitely cared about her life.
However, Luo Zheng's words didn't have much effect!
Using a hostage to threaten an expert didn't have much effect. In the eyes of many experts, you could only exchange a few conditions for a hostage. However, you couldn't continue to threaten endlessly. Even if Old Five agreed to Luo Zheng's request, the Eldest Princess could still fall in the end!
Therefore, Old Five acted as if he didn't hear anything. The green light in his hand became brighter and brighter. He was gathering an extremely powerful soul attack called "Soul Shock"!
As long as this move exploded, the souls of all living beings within a radius of ten miles would stagnate. Their brains would stop thinking and they would become temporary idiots ….
Seeing that his threat had no effect, Luo Zheng frowned.
The opponent had a very accurate grasp of his mentality. He only wanted to escape and didn't have the determination to harm the life of the woman in his hand!
If this continued, Luo Zheng would face a desperate situation!
However, at this moment, a strange cry suddenly came from behind!
That cry seemed to come from the depths of the earth!
"Rumble!"
Old Fifth's expression changed as he saw the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede constantly twisting. At the same time, a huge crack suddenly appeared on the ground behind the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. Then, all the cracks arched upwards as if something huge was breaking out of the ground!
"Bang!"
The ground exploded, and another Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede drilled out from within!
"Two Formless Heavenly Centipedes?"
"No! It's still that … That's the Formless Heavenly Centipede's tail! "
"This Non-phase Heavenly Centipede has two heads!"
This Formless Heavenly Centipede was several thousand miles long. Along the way, no one saw the tail of this thing.
After the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede's head was sealed by the Realm Master's great wish, another "head" broke out of the ground and fiercely smashed into the blue space!
"Boom …"
With just one collision, countless cracks appeared in the space above!
"Pu!"
In the distance, He Zuowei suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, his face as pale as paper. "Old Five! Quickly make a great wish and subdue this beast! "
Seeing this situation, Old Five had no choice but to leave Luo Zheng behind.
The Eldest Princess was in the hands of Luo Zheng. This Luo Zheng only wanted to use this opportunity to escape, which could still be considered a living situation … But if this Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet broke free from He Zuowei's great ambition, then everyone would die!
"Follow him!"
Old Five gave the order to the other martial artists. His body suddenly floated up, his hands crossed, and he used his index finger to point at his own head!
"I make a great wish, descend with my holy soul, and hope that the souls of all living beings will continue to rotate. I hope for eternal peace, and suppress all evil souls in the world!"
"Hualala …"
An enormous soul pressure suddenly descended!
The power of this soul was probably a hundred times stronger than Old Five's own soul!
That soul pressure suddenly descended and suppressed the soul of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede!
The other head of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was originally desperately smashing into the seal set up by He Zuowei. The two heads were crazily twisting, causing more and more cracks to appear in the blue space. However, when Old Five's great wish suppressed it, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede suddenly became muddle-headed, and its movements slowed down!
"This great wish, what exactly is it? It's so powerful …"
Luo Zheng was also very curious and even shocked. He was clearly a Realm Master, but when this great wish descended, his methods were even stronger than the Empyreans that Luo Zheng had seen before!
Although he was shocked, his feet didn't stop moving. He continued to madly rush forwards.
But the group of Divine Transformation realm martial artists behind him also followed closely behind Luo Zheng, not stopping at all!
However, these Divine Transformation realm martial artists weren't as responsible as the two Realm Masters. They didn't dare to rashly attack Luo Zheng. They only followed and shouted, constantly threatening Luo Zheng to put down the Eldest Princess in his hands.
But why would Luo Zheng care about these fellows? Before he was certain that he was safe, he absolutely wouldn't give up on the hostage in his hands.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his hand tighten. His complexion changed and he ruthlessly flung the woman away!
"Hua!"
Luo Zheng used a great deal of strength in this throw, throwing the Eldest Princess over a hundred feet into the air. She stood upside down in the air, and at the same time, a blue flame ignited on her body, wrapping around her!
Beneath the flames, a bright and beautiful smile quietly bloomed. At the same time, a faint voice quietly floated over.
"Do you still dare to keep hugging me?"
When the followers who were chasing after them saw this scene, they were all overjoyed.
"Where did that flame come from!?"
"Have you forgotten the Eldest Princess's title?"
"Divine Burning Princess!"
"This Divine Burning Flame is her innate supernatural power!"
As these martial artists saw this, they knew that the Eldest Princess was safe. At the very least, that youth couldn't do anything to her!
When the Eldest Princess was born, she had brought this Divine Burning Flame with her!
When she was giving birth, this Divine Burning Flame of Wisdom had turned her birth mother to ashes! After she understood the reason behind this, she had always been brooding over this matter. She also hated her own innate supernatural power!
Thus, although the Eldest Princess had this title, there were very few people that dared to mention it to her face. She also rarely used this supernatural power!
Luo Zheng's cultivation was an entire large boundary lower than the Eldest Princess's, but under Luo Zheng's suppression, she couldn't break free. Left with no other choice, she used this supernatural power.
Before using this supernatural power, she even hesitated.
The Eldest Princess's goal wasn't to kill Luo Zheng. If this Divine Burning Flame touched someone, they would die without a doubt. Thus, when she used this supernatural power, she slowed down her speed!
Luo Zheng's reaction didn't disappoint the Eldest Princess. In almost an instant, Luo Zheng threw her out!
"Dong!"
After turning in a circle in the air, the Eldest Princess' foot lightly touched the ground. The temperature of the burning flames was very high and as the flames burned along the tip of her foot, the soil under her feet instantly melted. It was like a ripple spreading out in water!
Luo Zheng didn't know what the situation was before. In order to protect himself, he threw the Eldest Princess out.
When he saw this flame, a strange smile hung on his face.
The Eldest Princess looked at the expression on Luo Zheng's face and felt a bit strange. Shouldn't this fellow be helpless at this moment and then be captured?
But after a breath of time, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he pounced towards the Eldest Princess!
"Ah …"
The Eldest Princess screamed!
At this time, she wasn't worried about herself, but about Luo Zheng!
This fellow clearly knew that her flames couldn't be touched and yet he still rushed towards her. In her opinion, this was no different from suicide!
Thus, a strange scene occurred.
The Eldest Princess was like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water. Her feet constantly tapped the air. Every time she stepped down, the soil beneath her feet would instantly melt, forming a giant scorched quagmire. The surrounding trees would all be carbonized, turning into black dead trees.
However, she retreated in order to prevent Luo Zheng from throwing his life away!
She was like a poisonous hedgehog. She desperately dodged for fear of injuring her opponent!
The group of people behind her didn't dare to rashly approach. These Divine Transformation realm martial artists were well aware of the might of the Eldest Princess's flames. If they were sucked in, they would just be throwing away their lives …
"Don't come any closer! I'll burn you to death!"
The Eldest Princess's supernatural power was extremely special. Since she was a child, she hadn't been able to completely control it. Even the people of the Divine Realm weren't able to clearly explain the origins of this flame. Thus, as she grew up, she would often inexplicably ignite this flame and burn down large courtyards …
At this time, her eyes revealed a panicked expression.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1472
As she grew up, there were many people who died in vain by her side!
The clan regarded her divine ability as an extremely powerful talent, but she regarded this flame as a demon. At least, ordinary people didn't dare to approach her, afraid that they would be burned to death by her if they weren't careful.
Some of the servants who served her were also trembling in fear.
Although those servants had received special training and tried their best to suppress their fear when facing the Eldest Princess, the fear of death couldn't be completely eliminated. Some extremely small movements would cause the servants to overreact. Perhaps because of orders, the servants didn't dare to leave her side, but the Eldest Princess could keenly sense their stiff reactions. They treated her as a monster.
When she was thirteen years old …
The Eldest Princess burned a playmate of hers to death, causing her to sink into endless sorrow. She was like a hedgehog that couldn't restrain its poisonous thorns. Anyone who approached her would be in danger.
This matter had become a shadow in her heart, and it hadn't dissipated until now.
However, the stronger her blue flame was, the happier her brother was, and the happier her father was …
They had done a lot of research on this flame, but they had never told her about it!
However, after coming to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, her mood became better!
Almost all the warriors in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement lived a life of bloodshed. There might be great danger by her side, but this kind of danger wasn't worth mentioning in the eyes of these people.
Of course, this was related to her cultivation getting higher and higher, and her strength getting stronger and stronger. After reaching the Third Transformation of the Divine Transformation, the warriors' reactions were extraordinarily fast. Occasionally, when she couldn't control the blue flame and let it explode, others could easily avoid it.
However, the shadow in her heart hadn't dissipated … In theory, she wasn't willing to use this flame unless it was a matter of life and death.
Moreover, the Eldest Princess didn't plan to kill Luo Zheng at all.
In panic, the Eldest Princess retreated like a dragonfly, but how could she avoid Luo Zheng?
"Don't!"
The moment Luo Zheng pounced on her, she screamed.
Seeing the panicked expression on her face, Luo Zheng felt a little strange, but he was not moved at all. He grabbed the Eldest Princess and held her in his arms. Without stopping at all, he madly ran forward!
As for the martial artists behind them, they were all dumbfounded at this moment.
He had seen people courting death, but he had never seen someone courting death like this. Was this person an idiot? None of the martial artists could figure it out.
This sort of confusion was only temporary because they quickly noticed that the young man's Divine Ability seemed to have exceeded their expectations ….
The flames on Princess Royal's body quickly spread to Luo Zheng's body. The two of them instantly turned into a large fireball, burning in the air!
Countless golden vortexes once again appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, rapidly absorbing the Princess Royal's flames …
Many years ago, her childhood playmate had been burned to death just like that. She had grabbed her playmate's hand and watched in despair as her friend was burned inch by inch. She had wanted to hold on to her friend tightly, but in the end, all she could grab was a pile of ashes!
At this moment, the Eldest Princess originally thought that this kind of thing would happen again.
However, when she raised her head to look at Luo Zheng, she saw that Luo Zheng's sturdy body was actually absorbing her Deviant Flame. This person was not afraid of her flames!
"That prophecy … is true?" The Eldest Princess's eyebrows jumped wildly.
Under the descent of darkness, she still wanted to leave the Immortal Town. Her goal was to find the one who had descended into the Glittering Gold Desert!
A few days ago, a Heavenly Soul Race member had come to the Immortal Town to sell Falling Crystal Flowers.
The origins of the Heavenly Soul Race were extremely mysterious. They existed widely in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but they did not know that the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement did not seem to come from the various universes. This race did not exist in the Divine Realm either.
Some people classified them as part of the Soul Race, but there was a fundamental difference between the Soul Race and the Heavenly Soul Race!
It was the Heavenly Soul Race that had provided the Eldest Princess with this information. A living being would descend into the Glittering Gold Desert, and this living being could bring her to the Soul Subduing Cliff!
Other than the Eldest Princess, no one else believed this rumor.
However, she still came without hesitation and finally found this young man in front of her!
At this moment, the Eldest Princess was still not sure if this person could really bring her to the Soul Subduing Cliff. However, when she discovered that this young man could actually resist her blue Deviant Flame, she was 80% convinced!
Although she could not find the origin of her flames, it was still a Deviant Flame that even her father was afraid of ….
How did this fellow do it?
How could Luo Zheng know that this woman had so many thoughts in her mind? He continued to hold this woman and run!
And at this moment, a loud sound suddenly came from behind him. It was like the rumbling of thunder!
After running for a while, Luo Zheng had already brought this woman a hundred miles away. However, the violent sound came from behind him. It was like an explosion in his ears!
The Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet moved again!
The two Realm Lords had failed.
The Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet was not something that the Realm Lords could resist. Even if the two Realm Lords took the initiative to use their great aspirations to seal the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet, it was still able to break free. As a Realm Lord, to be able to seal the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet for such a short period of time was enough to be proud of!
However, Luo Zheng's expression was not good. He saw that the huge shadow in the distance suddenly crawl on the ground. The ground began to tremble again. The Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet seemed to be chasing over here!
The target of this Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet was not Luo Zheng, nor was it the two Realm Lords. Its only target was the woman in Luo Zheng's hands!
The Grand Princess did not understand at first, but she quickly realized something and her face turned pale.
"Sorry," Luo Zheng was about to release his hand and throw the woman out.
All the trouble was caused by this woman, and it had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
If someone was in danger, Luo Zheng would not leave them to die. He was not a cold-blooded person, but firstly, this woman wanted to capture him, so strictly speaking, she was his enemy and not his friend. Secondly, Luo Zheng had just arrived at the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement, so he did not have the ability to fight against the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet. He had too many burdens on him, so he could not let himself die here!
"You!" After the Grand Princess was released, she looked at the golden Luo Zheng and revealed a look of anger.
She had completely forgotten about her rude actions towards Luo Zheng. Instead, she thought that Luo Zheng was not going to save her!
Luo Zheng did not care about this at all. He focused on rushing forward. The Grand Princess gritted her teeth and followed behind Luo Zheng!
"To think that I was afraid of burning you to death! Now, it seems that you deserve to be burned to death! "the Grand Princess said angrily as she followed Luo Zheng.
"I am not afraid of your flames, so it naturally cannot burn me to death. How can you say that I deserve to be burned to death … Don't follow me," Luo Zheng replied impatiently.
"I will follow you!"
The Grand Princess braced herself and rushed forward. He Zuowei and Old Five were unable to stop the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet, so she did not know what to do next. Although this young man was a stranger, because of the legend of the Heavenly Soul Race and the fact that Luo Zheng had devoured her Heavenly Flame, she placed all her hopes on Luo Zheng.
Extraordinary people would always have extraordinary methods. This was what her father had taught her, even if this fellow was only at the Ultimate Divine Realm …
Who knew that as soon as she finished speaking, Luo Zheng would flip over and suddenly swing the sword in his hand!
"Whoosh!"
The sword light was sharp and incisive. All of the trees within a ten mile radius were cut down. The sword light drew an arc in the air as it cut towards the Grand Princess!
If the Grand Princess wanted to dodge, she would have to lower her head or fly too high to avoid this strike. But, Luo Zheng had deliberately controlled the speed of his sword so that she would have enough time to dodge!
But, she had no thoughts of dodging. She only maintained her height as she followed behind Luo Zheng.
When the sword light cut towards the Grand Princess's ear and her head was about to fall to the ground, a series of cries of alarm rose up from a thousand feet behind her!
The Grand Princess's followers were also frightened. As these Divine Transformation realm martial artists saw the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet break through the control of two World Masters, all they could think of was to run for their lives. But, they were well aware that the result of running for their lives would be even worse than being eaten by the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet. They could only helplessly follow behind.
However, Luo Zheng's sword light finally stopped by the Grand Princess's ear!
A section of the long hair above her left ear was cut off neatly, and the sword light even cut a thin wound on her ear, from which beads of blood seeped out.

Chapter 1473
Luo Zheng's face was as gloomy as water.
In the end, he couldn't bring himself to kill this woman …
Seeing the Formless Heavenly Centipede's massive body wriggling towards them at an outrageous speed, Luo Zheng snorted. Invisible wind blades spread out from beneath his feet as he turned around and continued to dash forward!
A sly smile appeared on the eldest princess's face. She tapped the air with the tip of her foot and also followed behind.
Her strength might be average, but with her cultivation, her speed wasn't any slower than Luo Zheng's. In fact, she was even slightly faster than Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng opened a path in front of her and she followed Luo Zheng's path.
The group of Divine Transformation Realm martial artists also followed suit and continued to follow behind the Eldest Princess!
The Formless Heavenly Centipede was less than a hundred miles away from them. Its massive body shrunk and then bounced off the ground, instantly traversing dozens of miles. After its body shrunk twice, everyone heard a rumbling sound in their ears. Along with the trembling of the earth, the Formless Heavenly Centipede's head was lifted up high and then smashed down from tens of thousands of feet in the air!
Rumble rumble rumble …
The Formless Heavenly Centipede's head was like a large cylindrical mountain as it fell from the sky!
Whether it was Luo Zheng or the Eldest Princess, their faces were filled with panic. The Divine Transformation Realm martial artists' faces were all deathly pale!
"Run!"
"Ignite your blood essence!"
"We can't escape …"
In the blink of an eye, the massive head came crashing down from the sky.
This was like a giant pot lid coming down on their heads. If they wanted to live, they could only escape the range of this pot lid …
The Eldest Princess's breathing suddenly became incomparably intense. Her chest heaved up and down. The oil paper umbrella in her hand suddenly spun, emitting a faint luster. At this moment, it was pulling her forward, its speed actually 50% faster than Luo Zheng's!
Luo Zheng's face was completely black at this moment.
"Another four thousand feet …" He raised his head and judged the height of the Formless Heavenly Centipede's head. Then, he judged that there was still at least twenty miles to go!
Twenty miles was just a blink of an eye for Luo Zheng at full speed! But this Formless Heavenly Centipede came crashing down from four thousand feet. Luo Zheng couldn't escape this distance!
Was he going to die in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement?
At this moment, Luo Zheng wasn't willing ….
Before entering the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Luo Zheng had prepared.
For example, he considered the immortal's mansion's shelter!
When he met with real trouble or danger, he could use the Gen Token to enter the immortal estate and everything would disappear!
But the Old Patriarch told Luo Zheng that the Forbidden Land of God Refinement could not be separated!
But to the Forbidden Land of the Forbidden Land of's, and the Forbidden Land of God Refinement Forbidden land, anytime and anywhere.....
However, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement forbade all methods to leave. This was one of the basic rules of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Luo Zheng didn't understand this rule, so the Old Patriarch explained it to Luo Zheng. Building a spatial node and then hiding in it might be rare in the universe, but it was a very common method in the Forbidden Land of the Gods.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement accepted many geniuses in the universe and the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Although this place wasn't big, it had its own set of rules.
If everyone in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement brought a spatial treasure into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, and if they encountered danger, they would enter the spatial explosion. Then, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement would lose its meaning …
"Whoosh —"
At this moment, Luo Zheng used all his strength. His speed was extremely fast, but the Formless Heavenly Centipede's head had already descended to a height of three hundred feet!
At this moment, his thoughts were also spinning!
"Just six to seven miles away …."
If he hadn't turned around and slashed at the Eldest Princess, delaying him for a moment, he would definitely be able to rush out.
This Formless Heavenly Centipede looked like a hollow bamboo tube. Spiraling circles of inverted spikes grew from its huge mouth, spiraling all the way to the depths of its abdomen, as if it was a staircase leading to hell.
At such a close distance, Luo Zheng could smell the aura of death coming from the Formless Heavenly Centipede's abdomen. That kind of smell carried a strong stimulation that made people want to vomit …
From the head to the top, all the eyes were staring at the Eldest Princess.
At this distance, Luo Zheng could even see the reflection of this woman in all those eyes, as if there were over a hundred mirrors hanging on top of them!
However, at this moment, a jade-like arm grabbed onto him. The Grand Princess held an umbrella in one hand and grabbed onto Luo Zheng with the other. Under her full strength, Luo Zheng's speed had more than doubled!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
As the oil paper umbrella spun, there was an extremely strange power that seemed to be able to completely eliminate the obstructive force in space, pulling the two of them forward at high speed!
Rumble rumble rumble …
The Formless Heavenly Centipede finally drilled into the ground. This rumbling sound came from behind Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess. They had escaped from the Formless Heavenly Centipede's mouth!
As the massive body drilled into the ground, the surrounding earth was squeezed apart. Chunks of earth shot up like a mountain, crazily growing upwards.
The massive chunks of earth struck Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess, pushing them forwards. After dozens of miles, the chunks of earth lost their strength and gradually fell to the ground. As for Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess, they passed through the chunks of earth and continued forwards!
Their complexions weren't too good.
The group of Divine Transformation realm followers behind the Eldest Princess had already vanished without a trace. They simply didn't have a chance to escape before they were completely swallowed up into the Formless Heavenly Centipede's body.
The ground continued to shake and rumbling sounds continued to echo out, as if countless bolts of thunder were exploding underground!
The Formless Heavenly Centipede's massive body drilled into the ground, stealthily moving underground.
"Continue forwards!"
Although they had escaped disaster, the two of them hadn't yet escaped danger!
The two of them were only separated from the Formless Heavenly Centipede by a thin layer of earth.
Now that the Formless Heavenly Centipede was hiding in the darkness, it was like a crocodile swimming beneath the surface of the water, ready to attack at any moment. They were in an even more passive position.
But this Formless Heavenly Centipede's speed still surpassed their imaginations …
Just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the ground beneath them suddenly caved in, forming a small basin that was thousands of feet wide. Then, the small basin and the trees above it vanished, replaced by the Formless Heavenly Centipede's giant mouth. This time, the Formless Heavenly Centipede directly rushed upwards, wanting to swallow the Eldest Princess!
The two of them were directly above the giant mouth. At this time, they really couldn't avoid it. They couldn't use the Teleportation Token, they couldn't use the Gen Token, and Luo Zheng didn't have any other means of escaping!
Facing such a colossus, a normal martial artist simply couldn't resist. Perhaps only an Empyrean would be able to temporarily suppress this Formless Heavenly Centipede.
The two of them felt their hearts sink once more.
"I'm sorry, I've caused you to die …"
At this moment, the Eldest Princess held the oil paper umbrella and said with a calm expression.
Looking at her apologetic appearance, it was very sincere. Her pair of beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng with sparkling eyes.
Luo Zheng wanted to curse in his heart. At this point, what was the use of apologizing now! If you want to apologize, don't harm others in the beginning!
He wanted to fight with his life, but with his strength, it wasn't difficult to fight against the Formless Heavenly Centipede. That was wishful thinking …
The Formless Heavenly Centipede's head rapidly rose, wanting to swallow the two of them from below. The two of them also desperately tried to increase their height, but in the end, they were still much slower than the Formless Heavenly Centipede's giant mouth. It was inevitable that they would be swallowed!
But after the Formless Heavenly Centipede rose to a certain height, it suddenly stopped. Its cylindrical body stretched as straight as a pencil!
Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess were both stunned. They looked up and discovered that He Zuowei and Old Five, the two Sector Lords, had once again used Great Ambition! They had sealed the tail of the Formless Heavenly Centipede, which was also the other head of the Formless Heavenly Centipede!
The Formless Heavenly Centipede had one head and one tail each. They had sealed the tail, which was equivalent to imprisoning the Formless Heavenly Centipede on the other side and pulling its tail. The head beneath Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess's feet was unable to continue upwards!
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng had never had such a strong desire to survive. This time, he pulled the Eldest Princess forward and once again jumped over the Formless Heavenly Centipede's giant mouth, escaping from this giant mouth that led to the abyss!
But just as they escaped, a violent vibration sounded out once again. The tail of the Formless Heavenly Centipede was fiercely struggling.
(Thank you everyone for your continuous support!
Not long ago, I told everyone that this book would be adapted into a manga!
Even in my dreams, I never thought that I would be able to show the world in my hands to all the readers who like to refine it into a god and support me to continue writing.
But today, my dream has finally come true. This is all thanks to every reader. If it wasn't for your continuous support, I wouldn't have been able to refine it into a god today. (I also want to apologize to everyone. Because I wanted to do better, I got stuck and the update was a bit slow)
Here, I deeply thank all the readers who supported me, understood me, and encouraged me!
The manga will be released exclusively on the light manga app on September 25th at 12 noon. Readers who like to read manga, please go and support it! (^o^)/~
In addition, our official Weibo (Refine it into a god official Weibo) also has a gift-giving event. If you repost it, you have a high chance of winning!

Chapter 1474
No matter how loud the commotion behind them was, the two of them did not stop at all.
The intelligence of this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was not high, and it only locked onto the Grand Princess. Luo Zheng did not know the reason behind this.
The two of them ran forward, and in the time it took for an incense stick to burn, they had traveled over a thousand miles!
Perhaps there were some other unknown beasts ahead, but the two of them could not care about anything else. They could only try their best to distance themselves from the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede.
But not long after, the rumbling sound came from behind them again. That huge creature was like a ghost that did not disperse and chased after them once again!
It seemed like this Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede would not stop until it had devoured the woman beside it …
He did not know how He Zuowei and Ol 'Five were doing, so the two of them could only run as fast as they could.
This lush forest stretched for over a thousand miles, and as they continued forward, huge lakes appeared one after another. The terrain went from low to high, and from plains to hills.
As they sped forward, the distance between them and the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was rapidly shrinking!
"Ah!" "In front …"
The Grand Princess suddenly cried out, and the oil paper umbrella in her hand suddenly stopped in the air. Her mouth was slightly open as she looked ahead.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Since he could not kill this woman and she was following him, he did not have a good way to deal with her.
At this moment, they could be considered to have "shared trials and tribulations" together. It was just that this trial and tribulations came out of nowhere!
"Ahead is the territory of the Mountain Collapsing Race, one of the natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement," the Grand Princess replied.
"Natives? Is it dangerous? " Since this woman called the Mountain Collapsing Race a native, Luo Zheng knew that this Grand Princess should be from the Realm of the Gods without a doubt.
The Grand Princess curled her lips, "It's hard to say. The natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement are very hostile to outsiders, but it's not like there's no chance …"
Halfway through her words, Luo Zheng had already rushed out, muttering in his head that this woman did not know how to judge.
Staying here would mean certain death, and there was still a chance of survival if he walked forward. This choice was too simple.
However, Luo Zheng had neglected the Princess Royal's previous actions. The Princess Royal had taken a huge risk to search for a "Descender" like Luo Zheng after the darkness had descended. To be able to cause the Princess Royal to hesitate, the Mountain Collapsing Tribe would not be so simple.
The Eldest Princess floated in the air and hesitated for a while before following Luo Zheng. Indeed, she had no other choice.
According to this situation, even if the Grand Princess had the chance to enter the safe zone, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede would still follow her. At that time, who knew how many people would die unjustly …
But now that he had entered the territory of the Collapsing Mountain Race, who knew when he would be able to come out!
"Rumble …"
A huge rumbling sound came from behind, and a huge black shadow drilled out of a lake in the distance, and plunged into another lake.
"Ugh …"
The woman puffed up her cheeks and followed after Luo Zheng.
After passing through this hilly area, Luo Zheng also discovered the strangeness of this place.
He had been flying at a height of seventy to eighty meters above the ground, but at this moment, there were a few small stones scattered around him, slowly floating in the air.
Luo Zheng casually grabbed a small stone and carefully sized it up in his hand, only to discover that it was just an ordinary stone, and there was nothing special about it. Then, Luo Zheng casually threw the stone out, and the stone formed a parabola as it rapidly plummeted downwards …
This small stone was not a floating stone, and did not have the ability to float in the air.
Seeing Luo Zheng silently exploring, the Grand Princess said, "It's a force field, the force field of the Collapsing Mountain Race is very special, it's almost in a chaotic state …"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Luo Zheng already had a complete concept of the inner world and the structure of the universe.
The more mature the inner world, the stricter the laws within it!
Just like the universe Luo Zheng was in, it belonged to the inner world of a true Sage. Although it was like what Hua Tianming said, that Sage was on the verge of death, from the lower world — the Boundless World, to the Upper Realm, and then to the stars in the sky, it was all a complete structure, and the laws were almost the same, only the stages were different.
However, the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was not a complete universe, and it could also be that the Sage who built the Forbidden Land of God Refinement intentionally did it, so the laws within were strange and strange, resulting in such a strange scene.
The further they went, the more stones were floating in the air, and those stones were getting bigger and bigger. Finally, they became fist-sized stones, and then millstone-sized stones, slowly floating in the air as if they were weightless.
Luo Zheng also felt that chaotic force field, but at this moment, the force field was very weak, and it did not affect Luo Zheng and the woman much.
… …
The huge body of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede drilled in and out of the lake. Every time it drilled into a lake, its body, which was thousands of zhang wide, could almost occupy the entire lake. The water in the entire lake would be discharged by it, forming a small tide that surged to the other lakes.
However, it continued to drill in and out of these lakes, and did not follow Luo Zheng and the others into them!
This huge strange beast was also hesitating!
"Huala … Huala …"
After rolling like this for seven or eight times, the lakes also collapsed, connecting with each other to form a huge lake …
The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede seemed to be unable to resist the temptation of the woman, and finally made up its mind, choosing to advance, directly drilling into the bottom of a mountain!
"Rumble …"
As the mountains and rivers trembled, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede drilled out a giant cave that was thousands of zhang tall!
… …
"It's coming, let's speed up." Luo Zheng did not even turn his head. Feeling the tremors of the earth, he knew that the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was getting closer and closer.
The two of them had just entered this area, and their speed had slowed down slightly. In an unfamiliar environment, the necessary exploration was the way of survival for a martial artist. However, the danger behind them made Luo Zheng understand that they did not have the time to pay attention to the strange phenomenon here. Compared to the threat of that fellow behind them, the other threats were not worth mentioning!
But not long after, Luo Zheng discovered that he was wrong, and very wrong at that!
Because there were many floating stones in the air, they chose to avoid them at first, but as the rumbling sound grew closer and closer, Luo Zheng simply opened up a path in front, completely smashing apart these stones along the way!
Previously, he had absorbed the flames from this woman's body, and his body had been tempered, but he had not advanced.
This flame was very effective against Luo Zheng, but the amount he absorbed seemed to be a bit too little.
It seemed that this woman was still somewhat useful. If he could escape danger, he would ask her for this strange flame to burn himself.
"Sou sou …"
Moving forward at high speed, Luo Zheng smashed apart boulder after boulder.
At first, the stones he encountered were yellowish-brown sand, but gradually, the color of the stones floating in the air changed, and the surface of these stones became blood red.
These stones were rich in iron ore, and were slightly stronger than the sand from before. However, to Luo Zheng, they were no different, and he still smashed them to pieces.
But as he continued forward, the red stones gradually disappeared, and began to appear cyan stones. These stones formed pillars, and were twice as hard as the iron ore.
From cyan to brown, then to blue, and finally to sparkling and translucent crystal stones.
Finally, a type of black stone appeared, and Luo Zheng could no longer smash it. Under the impact, he could not break these stones, and could only go around them, but his speed had slowed down!
"I'll go in front." The Eldest Princess raised the oil paper umbrella in her hand, and the umbrella frame bent forward, looking like a long spear.
Luo Zheng saw the changes in the umbrella, and his face revealed a trace of interest. He always felt that this umbrella used by this woman was very mysterious!
After the Eldest Princess aimed the umbrella frame forward, it began to spin again!
Following this, a thin blue spiral gradually condensed. This spiral was only as thin as an arm, and its tip was incomparably sharp. It was like a thin snake that kept twisting. When the tip of the spiral touched the black stone, the stone instantly shattered, and its power was unexpectedly strong!
At this moment, it was the Eldest Princess's turn to open a path in front!
When they broke through the black floating boulder, another type of silver floating boulder appeared in front of them!
The Eldest Princess charged forward as usual, wanting to break through the silver boulder, but the two of them had just flown out seventy to eighty feet when they suddenly felt a strong suction force, quickly pulling them over.
This force was so strong that it was impossible to resist!
The two of them only felt dizzy, and then they fell down heavily. They didn't fall to the ground, but rather to the silver boulder!
When the two of them came back to their senses, they found that they were lying on the silver boulder. Their hands and feet couldn't move at all, as if they were glued to the silver boulder.
(Recommended book by a friend, "Star Martial War God", by Gu Shiyue, a book in the Android Bookstore, already a little fat, the author is crazily updating, search the bookstore to see ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1475
Like this, the two of them were stuck to the silver boulder. Even turning around had become extremely difficult.
Under the chaotic force field, this silver boulder emitted an irresistible attractive force!
Luo Zheng tried to lift his arm, but as he tried, it was as if there was an invisible hand pressing down on every part of his body.
"You can't move either?" The Eldest Princess stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
After falling onto the boulder, the two of them were extremely close to each other. They just happened to be looking at each other, as if they were a couple lying face to face.
"It's a bit difficult …" Luo Zheng tried to shake his head, but found that it was extremely difficult to even move his neck. It could be imagined just how strong this attractive force was.
"The Mountain Shattering Clan has boundless strength. It's said that if an ordinary martial artist enters, they won't be able to move at all. They will only become lambs waiting to be slaughtered." The Eldest Princess blinked her eyes and smiled at Luo Zheng.
"…"
Luo Zheng stared at this woman, speechless. "You already knew about the situation here?"
"This is the place where the source of strength is located. Of course I've heard about it …" The Eldest Princess replied.
"Then why did you bring me in?" Luo Zheng was a bit annoyed.
"But we don't have any other path to take …" The Eldest Princess had a natural expression.
Luo Zheng choked once more. This woman wasn't wrong. No matter where they fled, they wouldn't be able to shake off the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. It seemed that they could only enter this place to try their luck.
"I bet that the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede won't dare enter the territory of the Mountain Shattering Clan." This woman wasn't brainless; she also had her own judgment.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was originally a training ground. Here, one could obtain the fastest growth. Even the Realm of the Gods couldn't compare with this place. However, the risks were also infinitely magnified. This place was very dangerous.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was only the size of two or three great worlds. There were many training grounds scattered around, and the Mountain Shattering Clan was the guardian of the source of strength. This was the holy land of body refiners …
"Unfortunately … you made the wrong bet." Luo Zheng bitterly smiled.
That familiar rumbling sound rang out once more. Although Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess were sucked onto the silver boulder, they could still see the earth shaking below.
"Rumble …"
As if a huge earthquake had occurred, the ground began to ripple like the surface of the water. Clearly, there was a huge monster moving through it.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. At this moment, he wanted to stand up from the boulder and get rid of the bindings of this boulder!
Luo Zheng couldn't do it by himself, so he had no choice but to borrow the power of the dragon scale.
After the Nine True Dragons woke up, they had a conflict with Luo Zheng. So far, they had not communicated with each other, but Luo Zheng was still able to borrow Qinglong's power …
After pouring all the power into his body, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook!
"What are you doing?" When the Eldest Princess saw Luo Zheng's appearance, her eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
"Get up!" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and answered.
The Eldest Princess smiled when she heard this …
Although the Collapsing Mountain Race was a race that was hard to communicate with, they wouldn't go so far as to kill the innocent. However, many warriors wouldn't enter if they weren't fully prepared. The key reason was this, the first step to get up!
Many warriors who entered were like meat patties stuck to the ground, unable to move at all! In this state, they couldn't cultivate at all, let alone enter the source of power!
"Impossible, unless you have a Realm Lord's cultivation … cultivation …" The Eldest Princess was still talking, but she couldn't finish her sentence because she saw Luo Zheng climbing up …
This huge gravitational force was like a huge hand that couldn't be resisted, pressing Luo Zheng firmly onto the boulder, causing him to be unable to move!
However, Luo Zheng, who had poured the power of the dragon scale, still defied this force and slowly raised his hands and feet! Then his waist, and finally he bent his legs and actually squatted!
"How did you do it? You borrowed external force." The Eldest Princess was still very knowledgeable. She instantly saw where Luo Zheng's strength was. This wasn't Luo Zheng's own strength.
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't deny it.
His strength would eventually grow, and he couldn't always rely on the power of the dragon scale.
Since the Collapsing Mountain Race was a sacred place for body refinement, how could Luo Zheng miss this opportunity?
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly gritted his teeth, straightened his back, and began to slowly stand up!
It was just a simple action of standing up, but he felt like he was carrying dozens of mountains on his back. It was extremely difficult!
"Ka ka ka …"
With every stretch of his spine, an ear-piercing sound could be heard. Even a divine artifact body couldn't bear it.
Luo Zheng couldn't understand. The Collapsing Mountain Race had lived here for generations, so how could the babies born here bear this force?
Warriors of the third transformation like them could barely bear this force. If ordinary creatures were to enter this place, they would probably be crushed into meat patties in an instant!
Under the Eldest Princess's gaze, Luo Zheng still stood up!
"So powerful." The Eldest Princess smiled. Under the flower seller's prophecy, she had a preconceived notion that Luo Zheng was destined to be extraordinary.
However, extraordinary was extraordinary, but the Eldest Princess came from the divine realm. She thought that Luo Zheng was extraordinary because he could bring her into the Soul Suppressing Cliff. That was why she was so unreasonable and wanted to forcibly bring Luo Zheng back.
Only now did the Eldest Princess realize that she seemed to have underestimated this Divine Realm youth.
"It's a pity that it's useless." Luo Zheng stood up and looked ahead, a bitter smile on his face.
Luo Zheng had fallen horizontally onto the silver boulder. After standing up, he was parallel to the ground and could see the abnormality below!
Below these boulders, the ground had sunk down several thousand feet, forming a small basin!
Luo Zheng had seen this scene before. It was the precursor to the attack of the Formless Sky Puppet.
"Boom!"
The basin only existed for a breath of time before it disappeared in front of Luo Zheng. What replaced it was the Formless Sky Puppet's giant mouth. It suddenly rose upwards, wanting to swallow the Eldest Princess and Luo Zheng!
The silver boulders floating in the air were naturally huge for Luo Zheng, but compared to the ridiculously huge Formless Sky Puppet, they were just small stones.
As for the strong gravitational force emitted by the silver boulders, it didn't have any effect on the Formless Sky Puppet.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement and had already fallen into danger three times. He was also very depressed. This was purely bad luck!
This time, without the grand ambitions of the two Realm Masters, there was no chance of escaping. He lowered his head slightly, his gaze once again landing on the woman beside him. Seeing that the Eldest Princess was about to speak, Luo Zheng spoke first, "No need to apologize to me. I'm just unlucky!"
The Eldest Princess didn't have a trace of sadness on her face. Instead, she smiled. "Who said I was apologizing? Look over there … "
The Eldest Princess wasn't a body refiner. Under the effect of the gravitational force, she couldn't even turn her head and could only look straight ahead.
Luo Zheng followed her gaze and saw a few figures rapidly approaching from not too far away.
"Warriors?" Luo Zheng's gaze focused.
"Mountain Shattering Race!" The Eldest Princess smiled as if she had seen her saviors.
Those warriors were all bare-armed, revealing their bronze muscles. They seemed to be the Mountain Shattering Race that the Eldest Princess was talking about?
Just from the outside, the Mountain Shattering Race didn't seem to be anything special. They were similar to ordinary humans, and only a few details were slightly different. However, what surprised Luo Zheng was that these warriors were actually crazily jumping on these silver boulders. Their speed was shockingly fast!
They weren't affected by the gravitational force at all. Perhaps they had some secret method to escape the influence of the gravitational force.
The mouth of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede had only risen halfway when the Mountain Shattering Clan members arrived …
The next scene immediately corrected Luo Zheng's judgement. This group of Mountain Shattering Race people didn't escape from the gravitational force.
It was just that their strength was boundless. The gravitational force on the silver boulders had already become a habit for them!
"Bang, bang, bang!"
The three strongest Mountain Shattering Race people rushed to the front and simultaneously punched the side of the Formless Sky Puppet!
The slowly rising Formless Sky Puppet was like a rapidly growing bamboo. However, it was only halfway there when it was smashed down by the three punches.

Chapter 1476
The huge body of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede smashed to the other side, creating a deep ravine in the ground, causing Luo Zheng to be extremely shocked!
He did not expect this scene at all.
The natives of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were actually so powerful?
The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was probably on the same level as a complete True Dragon!
The power that these three people unleashed was enough to directly knock down the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede?
"Wuuu …"
The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede's large circular mouth that could not be closed let out a ghost-like cry for the first time. After twisting on the ground twice, it seemed to want to move its head back to its original position. This woman was its easy prey, it did not want to give up just like that!
But just as it was about to get up, the three members of the Landslide Clan rushed forward and once again collided with the seven inches of the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede!
The Landslide Clan was relatively tall and sturdy, and their average height was close to three meters. They were about the same as the Demon Clan, but compared to the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede, they were simply a grain of sand!
"Wu!"
"Rumble …"
Under the impact of these three grains of sand, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was once again smashed to the ground.
The Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede twisted its body unwillingly, and no longer dared to disobey the Landslide Clan. It directly drilled into the ground, and with a series of rumbling sounds, it drilled into the ground and quickly left!
However, before it left, the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede was still extremely unwilling. Before its tail was retracted into the cave, the head on the tail suddenly roared at the Grand Princess in the sky. "Wuuuu —"
Seeing that the three members of the Landslide Clan were about to rush up again, the head on the tail impatiently drilled into the ground and escaped without a trace!
"Hey," Luo Zheng looked at the huge cave that the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede had drilled out from and asked, "That thing seems to have a deep grudge against you. Why does it have to eat you? How did you offend it? "
From the beginning to the end, this thing had been chasing after the woman beside it, but he did not know if this woman's flesh was more fragrant than ordinary people's? Why was the attraction to the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede so great?
"You're the one who offended it!" The Grand Princess said unhappily.
"You didn't offend it, so why does it want to swallow you?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The Eldest Princess curled her lips. She naturally wasn't willing to tell Luo Zheng the truth. Luo Zheng saw that she was being secretive and didn't pursue the matter any further. However, those members of the Mountain-Crushing Tribe slowly drew closer.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
There weren't many Mountain Crushing Clansmen in front of him, only about thirteen or fourteen of them.
As they continued to jump in the air, they each stood on a different silver boulder. Some people were directly on top of the boulder, while others were upside down under the boulder. It was as if they were hanging on the boulder with their feet, but they were actually attracted by the gravitational force of the boulder.
One of the three Landslide Clan members who had just repelled the Non-Phase Heavenly Puppet was standing on the silver boulder where Luo Zheng and the Grand Princess were.
This Landslide Tribesman sized up Luo Zheng. After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, his eyes revealed a hint of surprise.
To be able to stand up on his own with the power of the Ultimate Divine Realm was already quite impressive.
This Landslide Tribesman quickly said, "Hand over the Trial Talisman!"
"What Trial Talisman …" Facing such an unfathomable expert, Luo Zheng still felt pressured. As for the Trial Talisman, he had never heard of it before.
"Without the Trial Talisman, those who are proficient in this place will die." After speaking, that Landslide Tribesman had already clenched his fist.
Just now, the strength that this Landslide Tribesman had exploded with was still vivid in his mind. If he was hit by this fist, even with the strength of his physical body, Luo Zheng would probably be smashed into smithereens!
Thus, Luo Zheng immediately cast his gaze towards the Grand Princess.
This Grand Princess definitely understood the Forbidden Land of God Refinement better than Luo Zheng. Previously, when she barged into this place, she only said that the Landslide Tribesmen were very troublesome. She didn't say anything about the Trial Talisman. Now that they would die without the Trial Talisman, this was a serious problem …
"I have, I have a lot!" The Grand Princess smiled slightly.
Luo Zheng felt his heartbeat instantly stabilized. Thinking about it, with her status, she didn't lack the Trial Talisman. Thus, he directly ignored this problem.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally felt a trace of luck. At least this woman wasn't purely bringing trouble to him.
"But I didn't bring it with me." The Grand Princess curled her lips and smiled apologetically at Luo Zheng.
"… …"
Luo Zheng's face became ugly once again. The feeling from before instantly disappeared!
"Without the Trial Talisman, die! Taishan, kill them. "This member of the Landslide Clan leapt up and left without even turning his head.
"Wait, wait!" At this moment, the Grand Princess suddenly shouted, "I am Mu Tu's blood sister!"
When this Landslide Tribesman heard this, he circled in the air and heavily landed on the silver boulder. He stared at the Grand Princess with a strange expression. For a moment, he even stretched his head to look at this woman.
It seemed that he really felt that this woman was similar to the Mu Tu she spoke of. He immediately asked, "Evidence?"
"Evidence … …" The Grand Princess thought for a moment before saying, "The Soul Refining Eagle Horn that my brother killed in the Landslide Tribe! It's in my hairpin! "
The Landslide Tribesman bent down and took out the Grand Princess' hairpin.
The hairpin was multicolored and rippled with light. It faintly emitted the Law of Space. It was clearly a Sumeru Space.
However, the Law of Space contained an aura that Luo Zheng couldn't describe. It seemed to be more perfect than the Law of Space that Luo Zheng had seen before.
The Landslide Tribesman reached out and lightly flicked the hairpin. With a flash of light, a pitch-black eagle horn appeared in his hand. The Landslide Tribesman carefully examined it. "It's indeed the one that Mu Tu killed in the past. Even so, you still have to hand over the Trial Talisman."
The Grand Princess smiled and said, "For my brother's sake, I'll owe you this time, okay? Or I can have my tribesmen send it over! "
Her brother had made outstanding contributions in the Landslide Tribe. He had even received the title of "Wang Lian" and became the leader of the Landslide Tribe!
The Landslide Tribesman revealed a hesitant expression. He then turned around and communicated with the other two Landslide Tribesmen. At this moment, they were using the Landslide Tribe's language.
After communicating for a while, the Landslide Tribesman said, "I'll give you 20 days. This time, I'll bring you into my tribe."
After saying that, he swaggered off.
The Landslide Tribesmen were very old-fashioned and not easy to talk to. Now that they were willing to give them a way out, it was enough to see the Grand Princess's brother's position in the Landslide Tribe.
Then, a member of the Mountain Crumble Clan jumped over and grabbed Luo Zheng and the Eldest Princess. He threw them on his back as if they were sacks and left with the other members of the Mountain Crumble Clan!
Luo Zheng originally thought that once he left the silver boulder, he would regain his freedom and wouldn't be affected by the gravitational force.
At the beginning, it was like that. However, as the Landslide Tribesman flew through the air, the gravitational force disappeared!
There was an invisible force field here. This force field didn't cover a large area. As long as one entered that area, they would be firmly sucked in. However, if one left that area, there wouldn't be any effect.
However, as the Landslide Tribesmen continued to go deeper, more and more silver boulders appeared. In the end, Luo Zheng saw that the silver boulder directly became the foundation of the ground, extending all the way to the end of his vision.
Naturally, this force field was everywhere. Furthermore, as they continued to go deeper, the gravitational force field brought about by the force field became stronger and stronger!
The two of them crawled on the Landslide Tribesman's back and flew forward. They could only stare at each other!
"That's right, I haven't asked for your name." The Grand Princess stared at Luo Zheng and smiled.
Actually, as the gravitational force increased, she also felt very uncomfortable. Especially when she was lying on the Landslide Tribesman's shoulder like a sack. It was very difficult to maintain this position.
"Luo Zheng." He replied truthfully.
This was the first time Luo Zheng had come to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. There was no need for him to conceal his identity.
"Han Liusu." She smiled.
At this moment, Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to talk. He was more concerned about what he was going to face next.
This Han Liusu was talking non-stop. She asked all sorts of questions. She asked why Luo Zheng could absorb her flames and not die. She also asked which universe Luo Zheng came from.
"I'm not sure which universe it is." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The living beings in the universe couldn't cross the Heavenly Dao's restrictions. Luo Zheng also couldn't obtain enough information.

Chapter 1477
These Mountain Shattering Tribesmen carried the two of them forward, and finally entered a huge tribe. Along the way, the two of them chatted, and Luo Zheng and Han Liusu had a preliminary understanding of each other.
The buildings in this tribe looked very primitive, but all of them were built with that kind of silver stone. The surface of the buildings were painted with other patterns. Although it looked rough, it gave people a kind of dignified feeling. After all, this was the accumulation of a kind of culture.
After the Mountain Shattering Tribesmen carried Luo Zheng and Han Liusu into the tribe, they found a corner and casually threw them down, and then left immediately.
From the Mountain Shattering Tribesmen's shoulders to the ground, the height was less than one zhang, but when they hit the ground, the two of them let out a muffled groan!
Under this kind of strong gravitational force, the power contained in such a fall from such a height could not be underestimated.
Luo Zheng was still fine. He only felt that his five viscera and six bowels were surging, and quickly returned to normal.
Although this Han Liusu's physique was not bad, she was after all a woman. Previously, she did not pay much attention to refining her body, and that Mountain Shattering Tribesman also did not have the slightest intention of showing mercy to a woman. After being thrown down, she suffered internal injuries, and a trace of blood hung from the side of her mouth!
"Are you okay?" Luo Zheng asked.
"En …" Han Liusu was also depressed. This kind of injury was nothing, but when had she received such treatment?
After the two of them were thrown to the ground, the two of them could not move, and could only lie on the ground motionlessly. This huge gravitational force was practically everywhere, and at any time, there were dozens of mountains pressing down on their bodies. How difficult was it to climb up?
Luo Zheng could only activate the power of the dragon scale again. The gravitational force here was much stronger than that of the silver stone. Although he borrowed the power of the dragon scale, Luo Zheng still could not stand up. In the end, he turned over and sat up!
Lying on the ground, he could not see anything.
After sitting up with difficulty, he leaned against the wall beside him. Only then did he notice that there were many martial artists on the other side of his body!
"This …"
These martial artists came in all sorts of shapes and sizes. Some had green skin, some looked like dwarves, and some were very handsome. However, all of these martial artists were very similar to humans!
Why were most intelligent creatures similar in shape to humans?
Luo Zheng had thought about this question a long time ago. Whether it was the Sacred Clan, the Human Clan, the Demon Clan, or even the Demon Clan, each race had their own culture and power. Their common characteristic was that they walked upright. Although there were certain differences in body shape and appearance, the internal structure of their bodies was almost the same. For example, the Demon Clan only had pointy ears, while the Demon Clan only had a ferocious appearance.
Even strange creatures like the Ancient Shamans did not look too different from humans!
Not to mention that many Super Divine Beasts still used humans as the standard when they finally transformed … Even after crossing over to another universe, the Mountain Shattering Clan in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was the same. This was naturally not a coincidence.
These martial artists were the same as Han Liusu; nearly all of them had a peak Divine Transformation realm cultivation. But, they were all lying on the ground, motionless.
Now that they saw that Luo Zheng was actually able to sit up, the expressions on the warriors' faces were extremely interesting. They had already noticed that Luo Zheng was actually only at the Extreme Divine Realm.
In truth, after the vast majority of martial artists were sent to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, they would cultivate in the nearby cities. A place like the Source of Strength was not a place that a Divine Realm martial artist could come to …
Luo Zheng could be considered an exception. The place where he was born had already been abandoned for countless years. In these years, only Luo Zheng had been born here. Then, he encountered Han Liusu and was chased by the Formless Heavenly Centipede into the Mountain Shattering Clan's territory.
For a Divine Realm martial artist to run into the Mountain Shattering Clan's territory, this wasn't a problem at all! The problem was that this fellow was actually able to sit up!
"Friend, not bad. You just arrived and you're already able to sit up. You have inborn divine strength!" A martial artist said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall. As he heard this he faintly smiled, "I was just lucky."
"Lucky? Hehe … I've been lying here for three years and I've never heard of anyone being lucky enough to sit up! "The martial artist said.
Three years …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless.
Under such a strong gravitational force, even lying here was a form of cultivation!
If one could stand up one day, then one could truly accept the Mountain Shattering Clan's trial. If one could obtain the Source of Strength, it would be a qualitative leap for a body refinement martial artist!
"You've only been here for three years. I've already been here for nine years! If I crawl up before next year, I'm afraid I'll be chased out! "Another martial artist said with a sullen face.
"Isn't it good to leave?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Lying here for ten years was also a painful thing. Without the help of the Mountain Shattering Clan, even crawling out would be impossible. He didn't know why this martial artist was so sad.
"Good my ass … I wasted a Trial Talisman for nothing. For this Trial Talisman, I almost lost my life!" The martial artist said gloomily.
"…"
Luo Zheng was prejudiced by first impressions. Because this Han Liusu said she had many Trial Talismans, Luo Zheng naturally thought that these Trial Talismans were very easy to obtain.
What he didn't know was that for the Trial Talismans, many martial artists had sacrificed their lives in this Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Some martial artists had painstakingly obtained a Trial Talisman and traveled thousands of miles to enter the Six Great Cultivation Holy Lands. This Mountain Shattering Clan was a holy land for body refinement martial artists. Many martial artists brought their Trial Talismans without hesitation.
But the final result was that they were thrown into the Mountain Shattering Clan's tribe, lying on the ground without moving.
This would often last for several years!
Some martial artists with innate divine strength could stand up in a few months and gradually get used to the gravitational force here. Then, they would join the Mountain Shattering Clan and begin to accept the trial. Finally, after completing the trial, their strength and body would receive a terrifying increase!
But even more martial artists would lie here for seven to eight years before they could gradually stand up.
To a martial artist with three transformations, this amount of time wasn't a problem. But if they couldn't stand up in ten years, they would be expelled from the Mountain Shattering Clan. That was the most tragic thing.
So when that Eldest Princess Han Liusu realized that this was the Mountain Shattering Clan's territory, she hesitated. Her goal was to enter the Soul Suppressing Cliff and she didn't need to refine her body. If she was brought into the Mountain Shattering Clan's territory, within ten years, even if she wanted to leave, she would have to rely on her own strength to stand up and walk out. If she couldn't do it, it would be a waste of her time and effort.
Her ten years was naturally much more valuable than an ordinary martial artist.
After several hours …
Those spots of light at the top of this huge cave regained their luster one by one, releasing a faint light. Under the illumination of countless rays of light, the night of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement passed and the day finally arrived.
The martial artists in front of Luo Zheng were still lying on the ground like corpses, not moving at all.
Maintaining this position for ten years without moving was also an unbearable thing. Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
At this moment, a roar suddenly came from the Mountain Shattering Clan's tribe!
"Roar!"
A Mountain Shattering Clan member stood at the highest point and began to roar towards the sky!
At the same time, all the Mountain Shattering Clan members began to respond to that person's roar and began to sing at the top of their lungs!
Luo Zheng couldn't understand this song at all. It was sung in the language of the Mountain Shattering Clan and didn't follow the music theory. But under the rough and orderly voices, there was an extraordinary strength that had a different aura to it!
"What are they singing?" Luo Zheng asked.
Han Liusu curled her lips. "Listen carefully, it's good for you … if you can stand up, you can carry me out in the end!"
She didn't plan to refine her body, but she also didn't want to lie here for ten years. She had only been lying here for a few hours and she was already depressed. If she really had to lie here without moving and waste ten years, she wouldn't be willing even if you beat her to death!
So in these few hours, Han Liusu could only place her hopes on Luo Zheng!
This fellow had just come in and was already able to borrow strength to help her sit up. She naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could quickly adapt to the gravity here …
"Benefits? What benefits? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression, but soon his body felt a trace of abnormality!
These voices contained a strange vibration. Under the constant roar, Luo Zheng's body produced a very strange resonance.
Under this resonance, Luo Zheng's blood flow suddenly increased, and the speed of his heartbeat also began to increase. When he looked at the other martial artists, their faces were all flushed!
This Mountain Shattering Clan was very unique. Just their singing could refine the body?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1478
The Mountaincrasher Clan seemed to be an extremely primitive race. Even their social structure was maintained in an ancient clan state.
But, there were many mysteries hidden within!
It could even be said that their every movement was a form of cultivation!
For instance, the Mountaincrasher Clan's women would be pregnant for 30 years. During these 30 years, their babies would be baptized by the singing of the tribe every day. Before they were even born, they would passively undergo body refining!
During this body refining process, these babies would gradually adapt to the gravity of this land. After they were born, they would possess infinite strength.
Thus, the Mountaincrasher Clan's babies would be able to crawl all over the ground as soon as they were born …
As for the Divine Transformation realm martial artists present, they couldn't even move their fingers. They were inferior to even the babies of the Mountaincrasher Clan.
This was also the reason why the Mountaincrasher Clan only treated these martial artists as trash after receiving the trial talismans. The Mountaincrasher Clan worshipped powerhouses, but these fellows couldn't even compare to the babies of their clan. Then, they could only obediently lie down here! When they could stand up one day, they would come back and accept the Mountaincrasher Clan's smelting trial!
The Mountaincrasher Clan's singing continued for two hours!
Every day after dawn, they would shout for two hours. This Mountaincrasher Clan actually had the strength to do so.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was filled with all sorts of strange things. Singing was originally a method of body refining, but this was also normal.
This strange song produced a subtle vibration. This vibration was like countless small hammers that constantly hammered down on Luo Zheng's body. This hammering came from all directions, from the outside to the inside, slowly sinking into him!
Luo Zheng finally understood. This method of tempering the mortal body was similar to the principles of Luo Zheng's Most High Refining Method!
However, the Most High Refining Method turned a person into a weapon and tempered them. As for the Mountaincrasher Clan's method, it directly hammered down on the body …
If it weren't for Luo Zheng's body being turned into a weapon, he wouldn't have been able to resist this sort of attack. His injuries would have become increasingly severe. Naturally, an ordinary person wouldn't use such a method.
But, the vibrating strength of this song was relatively gentle. Under the resonance of this song and combined with the powerful gravity of this land, the benefits to a body refining martial artist were obvious.
Listening to this Body Tempering Ballad for a day might not be a big deal. It would only cause one's Qi and blood to surge and one's body to tighten. However, if one continued to listen to it for a year, five years, or even ten years, the effect would naturally be extraordinary.
Therefore, even after ten years, he still did not have the qualifications to climb up and join the Mountain Crushing Tribe. Once he left this place, his physical body and strength would increase by leaps and bounds. That was why the Mountain Crushing Tribe was seen as a holy land for cultivation!
After the song dissipated, all the members of the Mountain Crushing Tribe set off in an orderly manner, beginning their day of hunting.
The members of the Crumbling Mountain Race weren't like the other martial artists in the universe. Once they cultivated to a certain level, they would be able to abstain from eating and consume the energy of heaven and earth as food. Even though their strength was comparable to World Overlords and Empyreans, they still had to consume energy to replenish themselves. Also, because their fleshly bodies were extremely strong, they needed to consume large amounts of food to replenish themselves.
If the warriors who entered the Collapsing Mountain Clan to cultivate could stand up one day and gradually adapt to the gravity of this place, they would also need to hunt with the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
However, Luo Zheng and many other warriors could only watch from the sidelines …
After the members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan left, the entire tribe became much quieter. However, not long after, many children emerged from the tribe!
The members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan had large physiques. Naturally, these children weren't small either. Some of the children were already seven to eight feet tall. This was considered burly among the human race. However, from their outer appearance, they still maintained the appearance of children.
After these children appeared, they started to play around in the tribe. Among them, there were even the scolding voices of the Collapsing Mountain Clan women. This was a normal day in the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
Not long after, a few children rushed over here!
"Uncle Toad!"
"Uncle Toad! My wooden cow is broken! "
"How should I fix it …"
The Uncle Toad that these children were talking about was also a warrior who came to accept the trial.
This warrior was the same as Luo Zheng. He belonged to the category of being able to barely adapt to the gravity. However, he was still unable to completely stand up. He was on all fours, lying on the ground like a toad, motionless. It was probably because of this reason that these children gave this person such a nickname …
Seeing these children dashing around freely in the tribe, Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. They were really inferior to the children of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. It was no wonder that those three Collapsing Mountain Clan members could beat up the Non-Phase Heavenly Centipede. This was the terrifying strength and talent of the Collapsing Mountain Clan that created such a unique life form!
When the children gathered around that "Uncle Toad", the other warriors revealed looks of envy on their faces.
Luo Zheng didn't understand at first, but he quickly understood. This "Uncle Toad" had used his own skill to create a good opportunity for himself!
These children were all leading a small wooden cow behind them. This wooden cow was very exquisitely made, and its appearance was very lifelike. It was obvious that this was a very unique puppet technique.
This puppet technique didn't exist in the Collapsing Mountain Clan. It was imparted to these children by this Uncle Toad, allowing them to create it themselves. The only thing that Luo Zheng couldn't figure out was that this wooden cow, as a puppet, was actually able to escape the powerful gravity of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. Perhaps it was because of the special materials used.
"Uncle Toad, my wooden cow's leg is broken. It walks like a cripple, and it's very ugly!"
"Hmph, who told you to fight with Ah-Tu? Serves you right!"
"It seems like you didn't win!"
Just as these children were arguing, the Uncle Toad chuckled and said, "Uncle, I can teach you how to fix the wooden cow's leg, but according to the usual practice …"
Before this Uncle Toad could finish speaking, one of the children had already taken out a large black object and placed it in front of Uncle Toad. "Uncle Toad, Ah-Han has already prepared a piece of meat! It's what I saved yesterday! "
That piece of black meat looked ordinary, but under the illumination of the light, it was suffused with a unique phosphorescence. It was unknown what kind of creature it was cut from, but in Luo Zheng's opinion, it was definitely not an ordinary item!
"Hahaha, then Uncle Toad will kindly accept it. Please help me stuff this piece of meat into …" Before this Uncle Toad could finish speaking, the child had already used a small knife to cut the meat and personally fed it to him!
This warrior not only imparted the puppet technique to them, but also taught them how to use puppets to fight, which was what these children called a bull fight.
Although the wooden cow's material was indeed extraordinary, the wooden cow would eventually break down after fighting with each other. Although this Uncle Toad taught them how to make the wooden cow, he didn't tell them how to repair it. After the wooden cow was broken, they naturally had to find this Uncle Toad to ask for the method to repair it.
And this Uncle Toad's condition for the exchange was naturally those pieces of meat!
In this tribe, only the warriors who participated in the hunt with the Mountain Collapsing Tribe had the qualifications to eat meat. The warriors lying here didn't have the qualifications. The benefits of these pieces of meat to the warriors were obvious, so naturally, there would be people who would use their brains.
In fact, this Uncle Toad had only entered this tribe for a very short period of time. It was because he ate these pieces of meat that this Uncle Toad could barely get up. It could be seen that these pieces of meat contained a miraculous ability.
Or it could be said that this person had already planned this idea before he entered the Mountain Collapsing Tribe!
"Talent …" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh.
Those children took out their own pieces of meat and cut them piece by piece to feed this Uncle Toad. Then, this Uncle Toad commented on them one by one and imparted the method to repair the wooden cow to these children. Only then did the children leave contentedly.
Before those children left, there were also other warriors lying on the ground who tried to "steal business".
"Ah-Han, I also know how to repair the wooden cow …"
"Uncle will tell you a story, okay?"
"I'll teach you how to make a flying wooden bird. It's so fun!"
However, the children's interests were all concentrated on the wooden cow. The other warriors' 'seduction' did not have much effect. The children very quickly ran away without a trace. This group of people also had no way to get up and chase after them. They could only look at the backs of the children leaving with a helpless expression.
Luo Zheng did not participate in this.
Since he had unintentionally entered this Mountain Collapsing Tribe, it could be said that it was fated. According to Han Liusu's explanation, this cultivation talisman was so hard to obtain. He could be said to have followed Han Liusu in for free. He naturally had to seize this opportunity to refine his body!
The day passed very quickly. When night fell, those Mountain Collapsing Tribesmen also returned to the tribe.
And on their backs, there were huge beasts. That was the result of their hard work for a day.
There was a one-legged bull the size of a small mountain, a scarlet blood eagle with wings hundreds of feet long, and a mutated porcupine with golden spikes all over its body.

Chapter 1479
When these beasts were alive, they were all overlords of a region, at the top of the food chain. Some of them could even transform.
But here, they could only become food for the Collapsing Mountain Tribe …
In the center of the tribe that was several thousand zhang wide, the Mountain Crushing Tribesmen carried out a bloody disassembly!
The Collapsing Mountain Tribe members in charge of dissecting the beasts were very experienced. Perfect beast skins were peeled off from the surface of the beasts, then the meat, bones, tendons …
These beasts were comparable to sector lords. Every part of their body was very precious. Not long later, all the beasts were dismembered!
A thick smell of blood rushed into the sky, pervading the entire tribe.
Whether it was the adult fighters or the children, they were all used to it. But the fighters beside Luo Zheng were very uncomfortable!
Most of these fighters were lying on the ground, unable to move. Naturally, they couldn't see the entire process. Luo Zheng leaned against the wall, but he could see the entire process.
Previously, he noticed that there were grooves in the central plaza of the tribe. He thought that it was a huge array, but now he understood that the Mountain Crumbling Tribe didn't even need to use any array. Those grooves were only used to divert the blood of those ferocious beasts. They were blood grooves.
These ferocious beasts were comparable to world overlords. The essence blood in their bodies was incomparably vigorous. If they sliced open a ferocious beast, the blood would flow out like a river. If they didn't use these blood troughs to reverse the flow, the blood of a few ferocious beasts would be enough to drown the entire tribe. It was just that no one knew where they had collected the blood.
After the slaughter was completed, bonfires were lit one after another!
The wood they used was a special kind of wood, and when it was burned, it emitted a unique green wood fragrance.
Even though Luo Zheng had abstained from eating for many years, when he smelled that unique wood fragrance, his appetite was aroused. That fragrance could arouse a human's most instinctive appetite!
"Gu gu gu …"
Luo Zheng's surroundings were instantly filled with cries!
Including Han Liusu, it was the same …
The fighters present had cultivated for much longer than Luo Zheng. Their years of abstaining from eating were counted in tens of thousands of years. At this moment, their appetite was aroused.
"Ai, it's here again …"
"Every time night comes, it's the most difficult time!"
"I really want to eat a piece of meat!"
"Wu wu …"
Someone actually started to cry!
The smell of the burning wood was like a kind of hunger poison.
Warriors who had reached the Third Transformation of the Demigod Realm naturally had much more perseverance than ordinary people. Even if these warriors who were lying on the ground were tortured even more severely, they might not even shed a single tear. Those who could reach this level, unless they were the inheritors of great forces or had amazing talents themselves, had all endured great pain.
But at this moment, these martial artists became incomparably frail.
"It can't be …" Seeing the reactions of the warriors, Luo Zheng was somewhat surprised.
Han Liusu was lying on the ground. After hearing Luo Zheng's words, she said, "That's the Avoiding Calamity Wood. It emits the Avoiding Calamity Fragrance. It can arouse the most primitive desires of living beings. It's a specialty of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement."
To the north of the Mountain Crushing Tribe, there was a sea of trees called the Woeful Forest. Most of the trees there were these towering trees that were thousands of feet tall.
The Du 'e Tree was constantly emitting a faint, exotic fragrance.
In this Woeful Forest, the desires of all living beings were infinitely magnified countless times. The instincts of these living beings were also stimulated to the limit.
From small insects and ants to large birds, from low level Vicious Beasts to high level Vicious Beasts, their strongest desires were stimulated at any time. They crazily devoured each other, killed each other, and at the same time, crazily copulated to produce offspring …
This was hell, but it was also a paradise for Vicious Beasts.
Even if a warrior entered this place, after staying for a long time, he would not be able to resist the most basic desires in his heart. A person's desires would also be stimulated to the limit. Appetite, lust, possessiveness … they would all be magnified countless times. They would also become naked beasts.
"However, they lit these bonfires here and would eat here every day. Those people have stayed here for a long time and know that it's time for the Mountain Crushing Tribe to eat. That's why their appetites are so stimulated," Han Liusu said naturally.
Luo Zheng nodded, "No wonder I saw that when they saw that piece of meat earlier, their eyes were all fixed on it. It's probably because they had been holding it in for so many years …"
If a person was tied up and could only see fish and meat beside them every day while they couldn't eat a single bite of food, it would be unbearable after a long time. A warrior's heart was firm, but their desires were lost in the Avoiding Calamity Fragrance in the air. Naturally, it would be incomparably painful.
As Luo Zheng said this, his gaze landed on Han Liusu.
Before this, Luo Zheng had not paid much attention to this girl. At this moment, he could not help but notice her.
This Han Liusu was also a rarely seen fairy-like figure in the mortal world. Under her neat and tidy hair was an elegant and refined face. She was wearing a dark embroidered silk corset and a ruyi pattern skirt. Although she was lying on the ground, her exquisite and undulating figure was clearly outlined … ….
"Don't look at me!"
Yun Liusu glared at Luo Zheng and could not help but remind him.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was suddenly startled. Then, with great difficulty, he slowly moved his head to the other side.
Although the Avoiding Calamity Fragrance could magnify a person's appetite, it could also magnify other desires. Generally, warriors who cultivated their bodies were male. Previously, these warriors did not have such desires between them. Naturally, they could not be aroused by the Avoiding Calamity Fragrance. However, now that Yun Liusu had arrived, the situation was naturally different.
Yun Liusu also knew what kind of reaction Luo Zheng had. Her face turned red and her neck turned red. However, in her heart, she silently chanted the Clear Heart Mantra to calm herself down.
When the bonfire started burning, the most difficult moment had already arrived!
Those huge pieces of meat were being roasted on the raging fire. As the fat in the meat exploded, a meat fragrance that made people despair quickly spread!
The meat fragrance was like a devil, teasing everyone's most primitive nerves!
"Ah ah ah …"
"I can't take it anymore!"
"I'm starving to death!"
The warriors lying on the ground seemed to be enduring great torture. Howls rose and fell one after another.
The members of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe heard the howls and seemed to be used to it. One of them walked over and said coldly, "Don't make a fuss! If you have the ability, get up. There are large pieces of meat here and good wine! If you don't have the ability, lie down properly! "
Get up and eat meat …
This was blatant seduction!
To martial artists, this was also a kind of cruel trial.
It would arouse your desires and then use a huge gravitational force to suppress you. If you wanted to satisfy your desires, then you had to resist this terrifying gravitational force. If you succeeded, it would be a huge breakthrough for warriors who cultivated their bodies.
Luo Zheng had just arrived and was able to resist the temptation of food. However, Yun Liusu's lovely figure just now kept replaying in his mind.
"How troublesome." Luo Zheng tried to stifle the desire in his heart and tried to distract himself.
At this moment, he saw the members of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe starting to gorge themselves!
It was no wonder that the Collapsing Mountain Tribe was incomparably strong. Even the strength of those children was much stronger than that of ordinary warriors.
He saw with his own eyes that those children wolfed down food that was several times their weight. Being able to eat was also a kind of talent! That Overcoming Adversity Incense was effective on Luo Zheng and the others, but it was also effective on the Collapsing Mountain Tribe!
As for the adults of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe, it was even more exaggerated. Each person could swallow a piece of meat the size of a house!
"I, I want to eat …"
Just as Luo Zheng was letting his imagination run wild, he saw a warrior roar and suddenly struggle up from the ground. Then, he stood up!
But in an instant, two crisp sounds were heard!
"Pa, pa!"
Luo Zheng saw that the warrior's legs were twisted at an unbelievable angle. They were actually fractured!
When this warrior used all his strength, his strength might be able to temporarily break free from this strong gravitational force. However, his body could not withstand it. His strength and the gravitational force overlapped each other, and finally, the bones in his legs broke!
At this moment, Luo Zheng sighed. There was no free lunch in this world. Raising one's strength in this Forbidden Land of God Refinement might be fast, but one had to experience the most cruel oppression!

Chapter 1480
Beneath the dual enticement of the Avoiding Calamity Incense and food, many martial artists began to tremble.
One could see that they were desperately trying to crawl up from the ground!
Once a person had a goal, they would stimulate an intense instinct and display their strength beyond their normal limits.
These martial artists had been lying here for months and years. Every day, they would be baptized by the Mountainshattering Clan's songs. Every day, their strength would increase by a little. Every day, they would suffer such torment. Their instincts would drive them to cultivate so that they could crawl up and eat a mouthful of delicious food!
This unique method of cultivation was a barbaric destruction, but it was also an effective form of whipping!
"I also want …"
Another martial artist struggled up from the ground. This martial artist was a peak Divine Transformation realm martial artist and also walked the path of body transformation. His strength far surpassed Luo Zheng's because he had relied on his own strength to stand up!
Although this martial artist crawled up, he was still barely able to do so. His feet seemed to be glued to the ground and even moving a single step was difficult. His toes dragged along the ground as he staggered like a drunkard. But in the end, he still managed to walk out!
As the many martial artists lying on the ground looked at this fellow that stood up, complex looks appeared in their eyes. Not only was there envy in their eyes, but there was also pure jealousy.
In this sort of situation, it was hard for anyone to maintain their original heart.
Even Luo Zheng felt his stomach rumble with hunger at this moment. His hunger was unbearable.
Jugs of wine that were as tall as a person were opened up and a rich fragrance of wine wafted out.
Ordinary wine had no allure to a martial artist. But, the Mountainshattering Clan's strong wine was concocted from the bones of all sorts of vicious beasts. This sort of precious beast bone wine contained a primal and wild fragrance; its allure was no small matter.
The fragrance of barbecued meat and wine mixed with the fragrance of the Avoiding Calamity Incense; just how deadly was that?
"I … I also want to try!"
Luo Zheng erupted with the power of the dragon scales once more.
Now, Luo Zheng felt a bit of regret. When he returned to the Demi-Immortal Clan a second time, the clan should have already gathered a considerable number of weapons, enough for Luo Zheng to light up many dragon scales. But in the end, he decided to accumulate enough Heaven's Divination essence to help the nine dragons forge a Heaven's Divination Body.
If it weren't for this, Luo Zheng would have been able to borrow far more power from the dragon scales!
With all his strength, Luo Zheng climbed up with great difficulty!
Although he could resist the gravitational force for the time being, his strength was being consumed very quickly!
The power contained in the dragon scales was not limitless, but the power contained in them was much more vigorous than Luo Zheng's. The dragon scales had not yet dimmed, but Luo Zheng's own power had been exhausted in a few breaths!
"Plop!"
Just as he stood up, he suddenly fell to the ground!
Hearing the voice coming from behind, the warrior in front turned his head and glanced at Luo Zheng. He laughed dryly and walked toward the huge bonfires in the square without looking back.
The meaning behind that laughter was very obvious …
He was a newcomer and had only been here for a day. Plus, he was only at the Extreme Divine Realm. It was impossible for him to get up and eat meat.
Luo Zheng's face heavily hit the ground. If it wasn't for his head being as hard as a divine tool, he would have been injured. Even so, he still felt dizzy!
"I want to rely on my own strength!"
At this moment, a trace of understanding suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's heart.
In this world, there were some strengths that did not belong to him, including Qinglong's strength! What he borrowed would always be borrowed, and these nine true dragons would leave him in the end!
The trial in front of him was indeed a kind of crazy torture, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was the best trial. If he could leave the Mountain Shattering Clan's territory easily one day, his strength and body would be raised to the extreme!
As for tonight, he was destined to not be able to eat meat.
The length of the night in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement varied. The first night lasted for about sixty-two hours, but tonight's night only lasted for fourteen hours.
The Mountain Shattering Clan members seemed to not know fatigue. They ate meat and drank wine under the bonfires. Just eating alone took them ten hours. The torture for Luo Zheng and Han Liusu also lasted for ten hours!
After they finished eating, all the martial artists, including Luo Zheng, were sweating profusely. It was as though they were about to collapse from exhaustion!
Many martial artists' souls were strong and did not need to sleep. However, in the Mountain Shattering Clan, they were constantly subjected to this strong gravitational force. Previously, they were also tortured by the Calamity Avoiding Incense. At this moment, they actually fell into a deep sleep!
Luo Zheng was also one of those who had fallen asleep!
They had just slept for four hours, and the sky was bright again!
Thus, accompanied by the Mountain Shattering Clan's singing, a new day began …
On the second day, Luo Zheng saw that "Uncle Toad" seducing the children to share the meat. Only then did he have some thoughts. No wonder the others were so envious of this "Uncle Toad" on the first day. Even Luo Zheng himself could not help but want to cheat some meat from the children to eat!
However, in the end, Luo Zheng still gave up.
This method was too strenuous. Moreover, the efficiency was not high. If he could stand up, he would naturally have a lot of meat to eat and a lot of wine to drink.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry, but Han Liusu was anxious.
"Luo Zheng, you better think of a way to stand up quickly. I don't want to waste any more time here," Han Liusu said.
"This place … isn't it good?" Luo Zheng smiled and said, "If I could stand up, or even cultivate the terrifying strength of the Mountain Shattering Clan, it would be a huge improvement for me!"
Who knew that Han Liusu would snort coldly, "I don't need to cultivate my body. If I really needed pure physical strength, I wouldn't have come here!"
With her condition, there were many ways for her to cultivate. Being tortured here was probably the worst choice …
"But I need to cultivate my body," Luo Zheng replied.
Even if Luo Zheng could stand up, he would not choose to leave quickly!
"You …" Han Liusu suddenly became anxious. If she really wasted several years here, even if she was beaten to death, she would not be willing.
"You can find someone else to bring you out. With your status, you should be able to do it, right?" Luo Zheng said again. It was not that he was unwilling to help Han Liusu. Time may be precious to this woman, but it was also very precious to Luo Zheng!
According to what Luo Zheng said, she could indeed do it. In this tribe, other than the Mountain Crushing Tribe, there were many other tribes mixed in. Some of them even came from the Divine Realm. They also went out to hunt with the Mountain Crushing Tribe.
Han Liusu's status was special. If she entrusted someone else, they could naturally bring her out.
"But only you can bring me to the Soul Suppressing Cliff!" Han Liusu said with a pout.
She had chased after Luo Zheng all this time not because she had nothing to do but because of the prophecy of the Tianhun Clan. It was meaningless for her to leave the Mountain Shattering Clan alone. The most important thing was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly, "You've found the wrong person. I don't know what the Soul Suppressing Cliff is, and it's even more impossible for me to bring you there."
After hearing this, Han Liusu only glared at Luo Zheng resentfully and did not say anything else.
After thinking about it, she was not so anxious. This guy did not know the meaning of going to the Soul Suppressing Cliff. If He Zuowei and the others did not die, they would find the Mountain Shattering Clan sooner or later. At that time, she would have to think of other ways to persuade Luo Zheng. She might have to take this guy away by force.
The next day passed in a flash. At night, the same process was repeated. This was another round of torture.
The gravity here was very beneficial to Luo Zheng.
The gravity was constantly exerted on Luo Zheng's body, and it would continuously form Primordial Astral Winds. The next day, under the baptism of the Mountain Shattering Clan's battle song, the Primordial Astral Winds would flow evenly through his body again!
The only problem was that Luo Zheng's physical body had not been upgraded. It had not broken through its current divine artifact body.
Last time, he had swallowed Han Liusu's flame. Perhaps the flame he had swallowed was not enough, or the Primordial Astral Winds in his body was not enough. It could be both.
"You … can you condense that flame again?"
A week later, Luo Zheng felt that the Primordial Astral Winds had been accumulated enough. In the end, he still made this request to Han Liusu.
If his physical body was upgraded again, it would be greatly beneficial to him.
Previously, Han Liusu had already noticed the uniqueness of Luo Zheng's body. Not only was this guy not afraid of the strange flames on his body, but the countless tiny runes on his body were also continuously absorbing the strange flames. This guy must have cultivated a cultivation technique that required him to swallow strange flames.
In the end, he still had a favor to ask of her!
Her eyes narrowed, and her smile turned into a pair of small crescent moons. She laughed and said, "It would be my pleasure!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1481
"But I still have the same condition. Take me to the Soul Suppressing Cliff!"
Han Liusu had never thought that there would be a day when she would need to exchange conditions with others.
Moreover, the target of her exchange was a secondary life form — this was what the people of the God Domain called it.
Although the world created by the Saints was huge and could produce True Gods, these life forms relied on the rules set by the Saints to exist.
Once they left the Saints' inner world, they would return to True Essence and dissipate.
The so-called secondary life form was a lower life form. This wasn't a derogatory term but a description based on facts.
There were also weaker life forms and martial artists in the God Domain. They might not be a match for the secondary life form, but at least the life forms in the God Domain wouldn't return to normal and dissipate …
"What kind of place is the Soul Suppressing Cliff? Why is it so important to you?" Luo Zheng asked.
Han Liusu also knew that Luo Zheng didn't know much about the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. She could only slowly explain to Luo Zheng.
The entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement was a huge training ground!
The people of the God Domain and the elites of the universe all had the qualifications to be sent here to cultivate.
Outside the many birth grounds were all kinds of training grounds …
This time, after being sent to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, whether it was Xi Youqin or Hua Tianming, they were still in their birth grounds. The training grounds around them were enough for them to cultivate.
As their strength gradually increased, the range of activities of martial artists would further increase and they would be able to enter the six sacred training grounds!
The Collapsing Mountain Clan was a body refining sacred ground.
Other than the Collapsing Mountain Clan, there was also the Myriad Elephant Clan's Annihilation Valley, the Yuan He Clan's Heart Refining Pagoda, the Sky Dome Clan's Beginning and End True Essence, etc.
No matter which training ground one entered, one would need the highest grade of training talisman. In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, there were millions of martial artists working hard for these talismans …
"Since you have the talisman, why don't you go to the Soul Suppressing Cliff?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Han Liusu then said indifferently, "The Soul Suppressing Cliff … is not a training ground. It is the core of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It is above the six sacred training grounds."
The six sacred training grounds of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement were places that millions of martial artists yearned for. It was also the final destination of many martial artists!
Just like cultivating in the Landslide Clan, one could easily open the eighth level of Dao Pillars, and even open the Spiritual Pedestals … This was the best place to cultivate in the eyes of body refiners!
However, in the eyes of a secondary life form like Luo Zheng, these cultivation holy lands were indeed good places that were hard to come by. Currently, Luo Zheng had already made up his mind to become a member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan and cultivate the terrifying power of the Collapsing Mountain Clan here.
But to Han Liusu, a life form from the Realm of the Gods, the Mountain Crumbling Clan was nothing more than this.
In the Divine Domain, the place people yearned for the most was the depths of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. There was the Soul Suppressing Cliff, the Paramita Sand, the Sunflower Water Ancestral Land …
In the eyes of the people in the Realm of the Gods, that was the real Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
Hearing this, Luo Zheng had a rough outline of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. He started to plan.
The old patriarch had sent the ten Dao Children into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Their final destination was probably the same as the majority of the martial artists here, which was to enter the Six Great Trial Grounds to cultivate.
If one succeeded in cultivating in the Collapsing Mountain Race, they would at least be able to raise their strength to the Sector Lord level. If they were comparable to the leaders of the Collapsing Mountain Race, their strength would most likely be comparable to a Heavenly Venerable!
Then what about the Soul Suppressing Cliff? What benefits could one obtain there?
"What's in the Soul Suppressing Cliff?" Luo Zheng opened his mouth and asked. If the Soul Suppressing Cliff was beneficial to him, he didn't mind taking a trip there.
Han Liusu lay down on the ground and glanced at Luo Zheng. She then said, "That place can allow a life form to transform from a cocoon into a butterfly!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If one day you can enter that place, you will naturally understand." Han Liusu's smile was quite mysterious.
Luo Zheng stared at Han Liusu in silence for several breaths of time. Finally, he nodded his head and said, "Deal!"
Using the strange fire on Han Liusu to refine his body was extremely urgent for Luo Zheng. However, there were many spies in the Collapsing Mountain Race. This was a problem …
The problem was that Luo Zheng's own movement was a problem. It was even more impossible for him to bring Han Liusu to another location.
After thinking about it for a while, he could only make do with it.
Even Han Liusu couldn't see the origin of Luo Zheng's weapon refining technique. Normal people shouldn't be able to see it either. Furthermore, the Collapsing Mountain Race was a native of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They didn't seem to be interested in things like cultivation techniques from the outside world …
After making his decision, Luo Zheng activated all the energy in his body!
Under the strong gravitational force, the amount of Primordial Astral Nova in Luo Zheng's body was extremely shocking.
Strictly speaking, the Primordial Astral Nova should also be a type of energy.
Just like when a weapon refiner was refining a weapon, the energy would seep into the weapon through hammering. Most of the energy would spread out with the weapon, but a small amount of energy would remain.
At this moment, Luo Zheng wanted to borrow Han Liusu's strange fire to refine his body!
Under the continuous flow of the dragon scale energy, Luo Zheng slowly stood up against the strong gravitational force and crawled towards Han Liusu …
After reaching Han Liusu's side, Luo Zheng was a bit troubled.
Han Liusu turned her face and saw Luo Zheng's conflicted expression. She guessed what Luo Zheng was conflicted about. "You … just lie down with me and hold my hand."
"En."
Luo Zheng had only crawled for less than five feet and had already used up most of his energy. Turning over like this, he had squeezed out the last bit of energy in his body!
With a "putong" sound, he fell heavily beside Han Liusu.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had used up all of his energy. He couldn't even move his fingers. After lying down on the ground and resting for a while, Luo Zheng felt that his energy had recovered slightly. He used his strength to slowly move his arm and finally grabbed onto Han Liusu's cold and smooth jade hand.
Being grabbed by Luo Zheng like this, Han Liusu's heart slightly jumped and she couldn't help but shrink back.
In this week, the Adversity Avoiding Incense had confused everyone's nerves every day. What it stimulated was the hunger in their hearts. However, another rather primitive desire was also aroused. It was just that it was suppressed by the powerful hunger. Suddenly being grabbed by Luo Zheng, she was also flustered.
However, retracting her hand was just her subconscious reaction. The reality was that she didn't have the strength to resist the gravitational force and move her hand.
"Are you ready?" Han Liusu blinked her eyes and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded his head.
"Let's begin!" Han Liusu smiled slightly.
Every time this strange strange fire ignited on her body, it was the beginning of a nightmare for her. She didn't expect that someone would eat her strange fire!
"Hua!"
The blue flame swept over and suddenly spread towards Luo Zheng's body!
This flame continued to sweep over Luo Zheng's body without stopping for a moment.
"What's going on?"
"What's wrong with that kid?"
Some cultivators were attracted by the commotion and had different expressions at this moment.
Luo Zheng's body emitted golden runes, and under the constant rotation, began to greedily absorb the flame.
The two people's clasped hands were like a bridge that transmitted the flame. The blue flame burned along the bridge and then was constantly absorbed by the rotating golden runes.
After reaching adulthood, Han Liusu still couldn't freely control this strange strange fire. She could release this strange fire at any time, but she couldn't stop it at any time.
Her pair of beautiful eyes, under the reflection of the blue strange fire, were suffused with a faint blue light.
"Luo Zheng … are you okay?" Han Liusu asked. At this moment, Luo Zheng was motionless, so she couldn't help but be a little worried.
"I'm fine," Luo Zheng, who was already a ball of fire, replied.
"Can you absorb more?"
"Yes!"
"Hualala …"
Fierce flames soared into the sky, and the tongue of the flame rushed several feet into the sky!
This fierce fire quickly attracted the attention of the children in the tribe. The people of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe were originally strong, brave, and fearless. They were a tribe that was born to fight, but this didn't mean that they were reckless. Otherwise, the Collapsing Mountain Tribe wouldn't have become one of the six great cultivation holy lands in this harsh environment.
Although these children were curious, they also looked at the scene in front of them from afar and didn't dare to approach. Their eyes revealed fear.

Chapter 1482
The life of the Collapsing Mountain Clan was to work as the sun rose and rest as the sun set …
At this time, most of the adult males had already gone out to hunt, but there were also some elders and adult males who stayed behind to guard the village.
The child of the Collapsing Mountain Clan called over an elder of the clan.
This elder was as thin as firewood, and the white beard at the side of his mouth drooped down. It was more than ten feet long and looked like a bamboo pole.
Even so, this elder of the Collapsing Mountain Clan walked as if he was flying under this powerful gravitational force, not showing any signs of aging.
Although Luo Zheng was absorbing the Strange Flame, his mind was still very clear. When he saw this elder of the Collapsing Mountain Clan arrive, he was also secretly on guard.
This Collapsing Mountain Clan didn't seem to have any reason. If he offended the other party, it would be bad.
The old man was slightly startled when he saw this flame. A trace of fear was revealed in his eyes. It was as if he was extremely afraid of this flame. However, when he saw Luo Zheng crazily absorbing the Heavenly Flame, a strange expression was revealed in his old eyes!
"Kaji, Sorado …"
It was unknown what the elder said, but he quickly left.
Soon, a large group of old men suddenly appeared in the Collapsing Mountain Clan …
Before this, Luo Zheng hadn't discovered that there were so many elders in the Collapsing Mountain Clan. But now, there were 50 to 60 elders surrounding Luo Zheng!
A large group of old men, who were as tall as bamboo poles, gathered in front of Luo Zheng, mumbling something that Luo Zheng could not understand.
Some of the more mischievous children watched for a while. They probably felt that the flame on Luo Zheng's body wasn't that big of a threat, so they took a stick and wanted to start the fire. But soon, they were grabbed by the elders and thrown away.
"Crack …"
"Haruoyi smash!"
"Keke!"
As they spoke, the voices of these elders became louder and louder. When the Collapsing Mountain Clan members roared, it was truly earth-shattering.
The ears of the Divine Transformation Realm martial artists lying on the ground were also ringing. If these elders roared at a mountain like this, they might even cause the mountain to collapse.
Within the flames, Han Liusu and Luo Zheng, who were lying on the ground while holding hands, exchanged glances with each other. Their faces revealed an inexplicable expression. They were completely unable to understand the language of the Collapsing Mountain clan. However, they did not know why they were arguing endlessly!
"Crack crack!"
At this moment, the elder at the front of the group suddenly waved the walking stick in his hand.
This elder had a dignified expression. He seemed to have a high status in the Collapsing Mountain Clan. With a wave of his walking stick, all sounds instantly disappeared, and the scene fell into silence!
The old man walked over with his walking stick and asked Luo Zheng sternly, "What's your name?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's Body Tempering was nearing its end, and his body's thirst for fire had basically been satisfied. However, Han Liusu was still releasing a steady stream of Deviant Fire. She still couldn't control it as she wished …
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. It seemed like the old man was not friendly. Had he really broken some taboo? At this moment, he could only answer truthfully, "I am Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng? Hehe, what a good name … "Contrary to Luo Zheng's expectations, the elder's expression and tone took a 180-degree turn, suddenly becoming incomparably amiable.
Even Han Liusu was baffled. Logically speaking, shouldn't he be more interested in her Deviant Flame? Why did this elder only pay attention to Luo Zheng?
However, this elder only remembered Luo Zheng's name. Then, he bid his farewells and led the group of elders away …
It was unknown what they were planning. In any case, Luo Zheng and Han Liusu discussed for a moment but couldn't come up with an answer.
Two hours later, Han Liusu's Strange Strange Flame was finally finished. The flame continued to burn without being replenished. The flames on Luo Zheng's body began to extinguish!
After the flame was extinguished, not even a speck of dust was left on Luo Zheng's clothes.
Han Liusu let out an "ah" sound and then closed her eyes … Her clothes were sewn from the Realm of the Gods' extremely precious Water Thread. This Water Thread wasn't a material, but a special kind of light. However, this kind of light had a sense of touch and could be used to sew clothes. It was extremely popular in the Realm of the Gods!
Of course, the production cost was also extremely high. This was because this Water Thread was created by changing part of the rules of "light". Those who understood this method weren't ordinary people.
Clothes made from Water Thread wouldn't be stained with dust or filth. Even after countless years, they would still be as shiny as new!
As a girl, every time the Strange Flame flared up, all of her clothes would be burned away. She would be completely naked. That was indeed indecent. In order to help her get this set of clothes, her brother had spent a lot of effort …
But how could Luo Zheng have this kind of thing?
Every time he was burned by the Strange Flame, his entire body would be burned away. It was indeed indecent. Luo Zheng also felt very embarrassed.
Previously, Luo Zheng had been burned by the Strange Flame once, but he was still able to quickly change into a new set of clothes.
Moreover, at this moment, it was difficult for him to move. Wearing clothes while he was unable to move was a difficult matter. However, with a slight movement of his finger, he activated the spatial ring on his finger. From it, he took out a blanket. Then, he used his true essence to transform this blanket over his body …
The two of them laid down like this. In this awkward atmosphere, there was nothing to say. However, Luo Zheng actually carefully withdrew his hand. Holding onto a girl's hand like this really wasn't appropriate.
However, Han Liusu didn't know why, but there was a slight sense of loss in her heart.
After this Strange Flame Body Tempering, Luo Zheng's body transmitted a very unique feeling!
Previously, every time he tempered his body, Luo Zheng felt that the strength of his body had increased several times. It was as if he had been reborn and obtained a brand new body.
However, this time, Luo Zheng had a strange feeling. It was as if every muscle and every bone in his body was under his control … Human muscles were driven by nerves, and nerves gathered in the spine. Then, following the spine, they gathered in the brain and were controlled by one's soul!
However, there were always some tissues in the body that didn't have nerves. Therefore, no matter how he tempered his body, it was impossible to control every muscle. For example, a person couldn't control their heart to sway left and right. It was also impossible to make their stomach freely expand and contract.
However, Luo Zheng discovered that he seemed to be able to do it!
This strange ability made Luo Zheng feel very strange. He also felt that he was developing more and more in the direction of a monster …
However, because he couldn't move, Luo Zheng couldn't fully verify it. As for how strong his body had become after absorbing these Strange Flames, Luo Zheng couldn't determine it himself. He could only find an opportunity in the future.
Fortunately, after this Body Tempering, Luo Zheng clearly felt that his body's strength had increased greatly. Even his strength had increased by a lot. With the help of the dragon scales, Luo Zheng should be getting closer and closer to the day when he could crawl back up completely.
After nightfall, it was the most difficult time of the day.
As the Adversity Avoiding Fragrance filled the air, the roasted meat of the Mountain-Crushing Tribe also began to emit a delicious aroma.
Luo Zheng was prepared to tense up and face this cruel test. However, at this moment, two Mountain-Crushing Tribe members walked up to Luo Zheng.
After these two Mountain-Crushing Tribe members muttered a few words, they pulled Luo Zheng up from the ground!
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The two Mountain-Crushing Tribe members didn't answer. They just lifted him up and walked towards the tribe's huge plaza.
Luo Zheng swayed left and right in the air. His gaze constantly swept around. Only then did he realize that many Mountain-Crushing Tribe members were looking at him with strange gazes!
He couldn't help but swallow his saliva. He realized that he was getting closer and closer to those huge bonfires. His heart was resisting. They wouldn't dismember him and eat him right?
The Mountain-Crushing Tribe's diet was too rich. All sorts of powerful Sector Lord level beasts and even all sorts of rare poisonous bugs were eaten by them. It wouldn't be strange if they ate him …
Just as he was thinking this, the two Mountain-Crushing Tribe members carried him in front of a bonfire.
The flames of the Adversity Avoiding Wood were also very fierce. Normal flames couldn't cook the meat of a Sector Lord level beast. When he was still a hundred feet away from the bonfire, Luo Zheng could already feel the scorching heat waves!
When he reached the bonfire, Luo Zheng felt two huge forces shake him. His entire body fell into the bonfire just like that!

Chapter 1483
The fire from the Avoiding Calamity Wood was powerful, but it couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body.
It was just that when Luo Zheng fell into the bonfire, the thick Avoiding Calamity Wood burned him quite badly …
"Pi li pa la …"
His body pressed down like this, the dry tree trunk below continued to collapse, finally Luo Zheng was covered by the burning red charcoal!
Many Mountain Crumbling Tribe members gathered together, observing Luo Zheng's movements under the bonfire!
Obviously, these Mountain Crumbling Tribe members already knew that Luo Zheng had the ability to resist the strange fire, and now they were using Luo Zheng as an experiment.
After about half an incense's time, someone removed the charcoal from Luo Zheng's body, and after seeing that Luo Zheng was unharmed, they pulled him out and threw him to the side!
"Sa la ya!"
"Hong da!"
"… …"
After these Mountain Crumbling Tribe members talked for a while, they seemed to have come to a conclusion, and many of them dispersed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also noticed that there were many warriors from other clans mixed in with the Collapsing Mountain Clan. He even saw a warrior from the Demon Clan among them.
At the same time, this huge plaza seemed to be divided into levels.
All the bonfires were set up according to the distribution of the blood grooves, the Mountain Crumbling Tribe members were all gathered in the innermost layer, and beside the dozens of bonfires outside, there were many warriors from other races.
Of course, there were also some warriors from other races who could enter the inner layer, but these warriors were all stronger, and were all sector lords!
As for Luo Zheng, he was thrown into the huge bonfire in the center of the plaza.
"Sit up!"
A muscular Mountain Crumbling Tribe member said to Luo Zheng.
Under such gravity, sitting down was still a test for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had just succeeded in forging his body, and his physical strength and strength had increased by a lot. With the help of the dragon scales, he struggled to sit up, but Luo Zheng didn't dare to move at all. Sitting like this, he was already on the verge of collapse, and it seemed that he would fall down again if he moved even a little bit.
That burly warrior from the Mountain Shattering Tribe had thick hair on his chest. On his shoulder was a golden shoulder guard, and on the shoulder guard was an exquisite carving of a wolf's head! There were three sharp thorns on the wolf's head, but Luo Zheng couldn't tell what kind of wolf it was.
After Luo Zheng sat up, the Mountain Crumbling Race's clansman also sat facing Luo Zheng.
"Pa pa!"
With a heavy clap of his hands, a member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan brought over a huge plate. On this plate were two huge hearts. This heart was even taller than the seated Luo Zheng, but it was unknown what kind of strange beast it was taken from.
This heart had obviously been roasted by the bonfire, and oil had already formed on its surface. It was steaming hot, and emitted a bloody meat fragrance! What was more amazing was that this heart was still beating slightly. Luo Zheng could even see light green blood flowing out from the wound on the heart!
What kind of beast's heart was this? After being dismembered and roasted, the heart was still beating?
"Clang dang!"
The Mountain Crumbling Race's clansman took the plate and smashed it heavily in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was originally a little unsteady, and the air current created by the plate immediately pushed him back!
"Plop!"
As he leaned back, his head landed heavily on the ground.
"Hahaha …"
Another burst of laughter came from around the bonfire. In the distance, there were some children from the Mountain Crumbling Race laughing. They probably felt that Luo Zheng's action was very funny.
However, the Mountain Crumbling Race's clansman raised his hand and made a "shushing" gesture. "Outsider, you can stand up at the Divine Realm. You're the first!"
Hearing this, everyone stopped mocking him.
The Mountain Crumbling Race's clansmen had a special physique. While they were in the stomach, they had to withstand the abnormal gravitational pull. Thus, they were able to move freely here.
As for the martial artists that entered the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement, those that obtained a top smelting talisman were all outstanding talents. Nearly all of them had a Divine Transformation realm cultivation. Reaching the Divine Realm was extremely rare, and no one had ever been able to crawl up from the Divine Realm. After all, there were a considerable number of Divine Transformation realm martial artists that couldn't even crawl up.
As everyone was silent, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and struggled to crawl up from the ground!
The Mountain Crumbling Race's clansman grabbed one of the hearts and threw it at Luo Zheng …
"Evil dragon heart, eat it!" The person said.
"Peng!"
The scorching hot Sin Dragon's heart smashed towards Luo Zheng!
If this heart came crashing down, it would likely smash Luo Zheng to the ground once more.
This time, Luo Zheng had learned his lesson. While the heart was still in the air, Luo Zheng's body leaned forward. Just as he was about to fall down, the heart actually pushed Luo Zheng back!
As the Mountain Crumbling Race's clansman saw Luo Zheng use such a method to resist the impact, a light flashed in his eyes, revealing a trace of appreciation.
Luo Zheng held the heart in his arms. Without caring about anything else, or whether it tasted good or not, he buried his head in the heart and opened his mouth wide as he began to chew on it!
The Crossing Calamity Incense had been tossing and turning for a long time. Luo Zheng's hunger was like a sharp knife, tormenting him.
At this moment, he took a bite and wolfed it down, trying to fill himself up in the shortest time possible.
This Evil Dragon's heart looked a little scary. Lying on top of this huge heart, Luo Zheng could still feel its violent pulsation. After swallowing the heart, he suddenly felt a burning sensation in his stomach. This strange feeling was instantly transmitted to Luo Zheng's body, filling every inch of his body with strength!
"This Evil Dragon's heart actually has such an effect!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop. No matter what he was chewing, he just closed his eyes and swallowed it!
The Mountain Crumbling Tribe's blade technique was extremely powerful. Even though the heart was cut off, the blood within was not completely drained. The green blood splattered out and Luo Zheng forcefully swallowed it! Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios The Mountain Crumbling Tribe's blade technique was extremely powerful.
The Mountain Crumbling Race's people lived a very pure life. In their opinion, the potential of a warrior depended on whether he could eat or not.
For the warriors of the outside world, it didn't matter whether they could eat or not. After cultivating to a certain level, they could directly abstain from eating and didn't need to eat. However, in the Mountain Crumbling Race, whether they could eat or not was almost equivalent to their talent!
After a while, Luo Zheng had eaten the huge Evil Dragon's heart clean!
"Hehe, good appetite!"
The Mountain Crumbling Race's man opposite him smiled slightly. He grabbed a wine bag next to him and threw it to Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng turned his head, directly bit open the cork on the wine bag, and then gulped it down! When he swallowed the wine, he felt the strength of the wine. The wine in the wine bag was like a small knife, cutting Luo Zheng's stomach!
However, Luo Zheng's body was sturdy, and his internal organs weren't his weak points. Thus, he didn't feel much pain.
On the contrary, the Mountain Crumbling Race's man opposite him and the other people of the Mountain Crumbling Race were quietly staring at Luo Zheng, quietly staring at the wine bag that was getting smaller and smaller …
The Mountain Crumbling Race's man sitting opposite Luo Zheng was the new patriarch of the Mountain Crumbling Race, Lei Toad!
The Mountain Crumbling Race's people loved to drink. With their physiques, ordinary strong wine was like clear water. Thus, the warriors who had stayed in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for a long time knew that if they had a good method of brewing wine, they could exchange it for a Trial Talisman from the Mountain Crumbling Race.
These years, the Mountain Crumbling Race had indeed mastered many strange methods of brewing wine. For example, the Frost Wine made from the Nine Nether Cold Spring. The wine was like white frost, and when it was poured, the surrounding area would be frozen. There was also the Pure Flame Wine made from the Fire Snake Fruit. Once it was lit, it could last for ten years!
However, the most precious thing was the wine bag next to the patriarch of the Mountain Crumbling Race. It was called the Heart Severing Wine. It was said that a person from the God Domain had given the Mountain Crumbling Race the method of brewing wine for free. It was made from the essence blood of various powerful beasts.
The strength of this wine surpassed one's imagination!
In the eyes of others, this wasn't wine at all, but the most potent poison.
Even if it was a Divine Transformation realm martial artist, they would need to use all of their strength to refine this wine for their own use. If they were even the slightest bit careless, they would die from being pierced through.
And this was only a small sip!
Even Lei Toad himself only dared to drink a single mouthful of this wine every day.
Firstly, with the strength of this wine, even he couldn't withstand it. Secondly, this wine was brewed from the essence blood of a hundred beasts. Even within the Mountain Crumbling Race, it was extremely precious. Even the members of the Mountain Crumbling Race rarely had the chance to drink it.
Thus, at this time, Lei Toad had an extremely conflicted expression. Luo Zheng's drinking method truly made his heart ache.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1484
The members of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe were known for their generosity. Lei Tou was distressed, but he couldn't say anything.
He could only watch as Luo Zheng swallowed everything. After holding back for a long time, he laughed dryly and said, "Good, good alcohol tolerance …"
As for the other members of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe, they looked as if they wanted to swallow Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were red. He felt as if there were countless nails in his body that were crazily moving around, stimulating every nerve in his body.
Under this stimulation, his body also underwent a miraculous transformation.
In fact, entering the Mountain Crumbling Tribe under the high pressure of the gravity was a kind of cultivation!
Therefore, some warriors would choose to cultivate under a big waterfall when they first cultivated their body. Under the constant pressure of the waterfall, the body would undergo a transformation in the process of resisting this pressure.
After entering the Mountain Crumbling Tribe, this trial had already begun.
Although the rare birds and beasts that the Mountain Crumbling Tribe ate were not refined into elixirs, the effects were not to be underestimated.
In particular, the Evil Dragon's Heart was very rare. Ordinary members of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe didn't have the fortune to enjoy it. At this moment, after Luo Zheng swallowed it, it was also very beneficial to him!
After eating the meat and drinking the wine, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly calmed down.
"What do you want me to do?"
Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. How could he not see that ordinary people couldn't get such treatment?
The members of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe must have something to ask of him.
Otherwise, why would they give him meat and wine?
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, the problem must be with his body. It might even be related to his body's resistance to fire. Otherwise, they wouldn't have thrown him into the bonfire.
Lei Tou's heart ached for that bag of strong wine, but since Luo Zheng drank it, it didn't matter. Lei Tou admired how this kid got straight to the point.
"I want you to take something!" Lei Tou said. He also got straight to the point and put forward his request.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Let me guess. That thing must be hidden in some kind of Deviant Flame. This Deviant Flame is very powerful, so you can't take it away?"
"Yes!" Lei Tou didn't deny it.
"But I'm not strong enough," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed not enough here. This member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan in front of him probably had the power to fight against a Celestial Master. Luo Zheng's cultivation was merely at the Ultimate Divine Realm. Of course, he was not afraid of the Mystical Fire. However, the task that the Collapsing Mountain Clan had entrusted him with was probably not as simple as fighting against the Mystical Fire.
Lei Toad chuckled, "Our Mountain Crushing Race is the source of power. With your talent, there shouldn't be a problem."
Their Collapsing Mountain Clan did not reject outsiders, but it was not so easy for ordinary foreign martial artists to obtain the protection of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. Most of the martial artists here relied on their own strength to fight for a piece of the pie in the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
If they put all their efforts into nurturing Luo Zheng, not to mention that Luo Zheng's talent was originally very strong, even if Luo Zheng's talent was ordinary, they were confident that they could help Luo Zheng quickly improve!
Luo Zheng looked calm on the surface, but inside, he was extremely excited.
This kind of opportunity was hard to come by. Once he grasped it, he naturally wouldn't let it go!
"In that case, I will do my best to serve the Mountain Crumbling Clan," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Deal!"
With Lei Toad's personality, he would not force Luo Zheng to do anything. Their Collapsing Mountain Clan disdained to coerce others, and similarly, they would not casually accept favors from others.
If Luo Zheng was willing to help them, if he helped them, they would do everything in their power to repay this favor!
As his voice fell, Lei Toad casually grabbed the air and grabbed a huge piece of meat from the bonfire. That piece of meat had a diameter of ten feet. He threw it directly at Luo Zheng, but it pressed his entire body into it. At that moment, it caused another round of laughter.
That night, Luo Zheng's appetite was also opened, and he crazily devoured all kinds of meat …
Every piece of meat contained a different kind of power. Those strange beasts were at least comparable to Sector Lords, and some were even comparable to Heavenly Venerables. However, they were still hunted down and killed by the Mountain Crushing Race.
Actually, devouring these strange beasts' meat like this was an extremely wasteful thing. This was because there were many top grade materials in this food, and these top grade materials were enough to make alchemists go crazy. If they were refined into pills, the effects would increase exponentially!
The Mountain Crushing Race naturally understood this logic, but they did not lack people who hunted strange beasts, and this Forbidden Land of God Refinement did not lack strange beasts either. They did not care about this kind of waste, and their ancestors had used this kind of method to cultivate. This had already become their tradition, and it had created such an extremely valiant race.
Luo Zheng did not know how much food he had eaten that night. After this gathering ended, he was carried back by two Mountain Crushing Race members.
On this side, Han Liusu and many other warriors who were lying on the ground looked at Luo Zheng, and their faces were filled with envy.
This fellow's strength clearly did not have the qualifications to stand up, but he was able to enjoy such treatment. Those warriors who had been lying on the ground for a few years felt a sense of loss in their hearts!
After all, Luo Zheng had only been in the Mountain Crushing Race for less than ten days!
What they did not know was that Luo Zheng had only been in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for less than half a month …
Han Liusu's thin lips slightly curled, but she stared at Luo Zheng with a dissatisfied gaze.
She did not care about the Mountain Crushing Race's food, and a source of power was not enough to move her heart. However, the Calamity Avoiding Fragrance was effective on her, and she would also feel hungry. In the end, while Luo Zheng was eating and drinking, she was starving.
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall, and at this moment, his body was still burning with pain. After meeting Han Liusu's dissatisfied gaze, he smiled, and with a light flick of his finger, a piece of meat rolled to Han Liusu's side.
"I didn't forget you," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
While he was eating and drinking, he had also secretly hidden some food in his spatial ring.
According to the rules of the Mountain Crushing Race, this was not allowed, but they would not pursue this matter.
When the warriors saw this food, their eyes burned with anger. If they could move, they would immediately climb up and take this food for themselves. However, if they could move freely, they would not care about this food …
"How do I eat?" Han Liusu stared at Luo Zheng pitifully. It was difficult for her to move her head, and she was even more unwilling to be like Luo Zheng, burying her head in the food. Eating was too unsightly.
In the end, this heavy responsibility fell on Luo Zheng's shoulders.
Right now, Luo Zheng had some difficulty standing up and walking, but he could still move around in a small area.
Under Han Liusu's gaze, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. He could only slowly crawl over, tear up the meat, and feed it to her bit by bit.
After eating the meat on the first night, Luo Zheng felt that every part of his body had been activated!
Accompanied by the Mountain Crushing Race's war song during the day, this kind of primal power was like a tide, constantly surging within his body.
He did not try to stand up, but instead gradually adapted to this gravitational force.
After nightfall, Luo Zheng was once again respectfully invited to the square, where he continued to wolf down the food.
The Mountain Crushing Race did not have any special cultivation methods. Every day, they would eat large pieces of meat, drink large mouthfuls of wine, and be baptized by the war song. Unknowingly, their strength would increase.
Some might encounter a situation where their strength increased, but their body could not bear the increase.
However, Luo Zheng's current physical body was much stronger than before, and this problem did not exist.
Another half a month passed, and Luo Zheng also felt that his strength was constantly increasing. The current Luo Zheng could already slowly move on the ground.
However, this was not something to be proud of. Even the children of the Collapsing Mountain Race could run all over the place. He was a Dao Child, yet he could only walk like an old man who was half a step into the earth. He took one step after another, and if he was not careful, he would lose his balance and fall to the ground.
However, at this rate of growth, it would not be long before Luo Zheng could move freely.
Today, a few more people from the Mountain Crushing Race came. These people were all Sector Lords, and the leader was someone Luo Zheng had seen before. It was the He Zuowei that Han Liusu had mentioned.
That day when they were being chased by the Formless Sky Centipede, it was thanks to this He Zuowei that they were able to stop it. However, they did not know whether the two Sector Lords were dead or alive.
When these few Sector Lords entered the Collapsing Mountain race, they didn't lie down on the ground like ordinary warriors. After all, their cultivation and strength were enough to withstand the perverse gravitational force. However, it seemed like these few Sector Lords were still having a hard time.
"Eldest Princess!"
He Zuowei saw that Han Liusu was safe and sound, and his heart was finally at ease.
During this period of time, he had searched the entire area. He was most afraid that the Eldest Princess would be swallowed by the Formless Sky Centipede. Now that he saw Han Liusu, this He Zuowei was naturally very excited. He did not expect that the Eldest Princess would really enter the Mountain Crushing Race's territory to seek refuge.

Chapter 1485
Since He Zuowei found Han Liusu, he naturally wanted to bring her away.
But Han Liusu was stubborn, so He Zuowei quickly pinned the problem on Luo Zheng. The Grand Princess still believed in the flower seller, and believed that Luo Zheng could bring her to the Subduing Soul Cliff.
"Friend, I'm afraid we'll have to trouble you to come back with us." He Zuowei stared at Luo Zheng.
Last time, He Zuowei almost died under the hands of the Formless Sky Puppet, and his great wish still hadn't been fulfilled.
The great wish could greatly increase his strength in a short period of time, but once it was fulfilled, he had to fulfill it! If he couldn't kill the Formless Sky Puppet, he wouldn't be able to fulfill his wish, and he wouldn't be able to fulfill it again. And if he didn't fulfill his wish, it would leave a flaw in his heart, which would be detrimental to him in the future.
That day, Luo Zheng held the Palace Master Chang hostage and escaped to the Mountain Crumbling Clan in order to protect himself. He Zuowei and the others naturally did not have a good impression of Luo Zheng. Now that they had found the Princess Royal, they naturally had to bring this guy back with them.
Hence, He Zuowei didn't use a negotiating tone to talk to Luo Zheng.
"Why should I go back with you?" Luo Zheng smiled. He had just gained a foothold in the Collapsing Mountain Tribe, how could he leave so easily?
He Zuowei ultimately wasn't Han Liusu, so he replied, "I'm afraid that's not up to you. He Wen, He Su, take him away!"
From his point of view, extreme god realm secondary life forms didn't have any leeway to bargain with him.
With that, the two warriors behind He Zuowei came up and prepared to take Luo Zheng away.
But before the two of them made a move, a group of Collapsing Mountain Tribe members appeared behind them. This group of Collapsing Mountain Tribe members were like small mountains, surrounding them. Their gazes weren't friendly at all.
Now that Luo Zheng was treated as a VIP by the Collapsing Mountain Tribe, they needed Luo Zheng's help, so how could they let Luo Zheng leave?
The gazes of the Mountain Crumbling Tribesmen seemed to materialize. Even though He Zuowei and the others were all at the Sector Lord level, they still felt immense pressure from their gazes.
"Heroes of the Mountain Crushing Clan, I am Han Cangyan's subordinate. My Young Miss has been taken care of by your clan. I thank you on behalf of the Clan Head." He Zuowei cupped his hands and said without changing his expression.
An elder from the Mountain Crumbling Tribe smiled faintly. "Your Han Family's young miss seems to have yet to hand over the Trial Talisman. We have already given Han Cangyan face!"
He Zuowei gently flipped his arm, and two purple jade talismans appeared in his hand. These jade talismans were shaped like small knives, and their surface was circulating with mysterious colors.
These Trial Talismans were the most important things in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. All the Trial Talismans were divided into five colors: black, purple, red, green, and white. Not only were they keys to enter the various training grounds, but they were also equivalent to currency in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. They could be circulated and traded.
Among them, the black Trial Talisman was first class, and it was hard to find one in the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement. The purple Trial Talisman was second class, and it was the entrance ticket to the Six Great Training Grounds. It was also because of Han Liusu's extraordinary status. Ordinary martial artists, even if they came from the Divine Realm, would have to put in a lot of effort to obtain a purple Trial Talisman.
However, just as He Zuowei took out the Trial Talisman, the elder from the Mountain Crumbling Tribe extended his hand to stop him. "Forget it. Han Cangyan has contributed to our tribe in the past, so there's no need for the Trial Talisman. However, you can't take this little brother from the human race away."
"Why?" He Zuowei frowned slightly.
"Because this person is very important to our tribe." The elder said faintly.
He Zuowei looked at Luo Zheng in surprise.
If he remembered correctly, this guy had just arrived at the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …
Generally speaking, it was not easy for someone who had just arrived at the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to enter a training ground like the Mountain Crumbling Tribe. Moreover, Luo Zheng was only at the Ultimate Divine Realm. The reason he could enter this place was completely because of the Eldest Princess.
This guy was very important to the Mountain Crumbling Tribe?
He Zuowei found it hard to believe.
However, although these people from the Mountain Crumbling Tribe were never reasonable, they had one great advantage, and that was that they did not know how to lie.
If they said that Luo Zheng was very important, then he must be very important.
At this moment, He Zuowei was in a difficult situation. The Eldest Princess had to be brought back. Otherwise, He Zuowei would not be able to bear the blame of the Saint Emperor.
However, if they did not bring Luo Zheng away, with the Eldest Princess's temper, it would be very difficult to persuade her.
He could only use other methods. He Zuowei turned his head and his gaze met with Han Liusu's. The Saint Emperor had instructed that if the Eldest Princess was too disobedient, they could forcefully bring her back out of consideration for her safety. The Eldest Princess's safety was the most important thing.
Han Liusu could be said to be an extremely intelligent person. Almost instantly, she guessed He Zuowei's thoughts. She coldly said, "He Zuowei, if you forcefully bring me away, I will make sure you have no place to stand in the future. I will do as I say!"
"This … Eldest Princess, please don't make things difficult for me." He Zuowei cupped his hands and said.
"You are making things difficult for me! Remember, I am the master and you are the servant! " Han Liusu's voice was cold. She was really afraid that He Zuowei would suddenly make a move and seal her six senses to forcefully bring her away. This way, she would have no way to resist.
Hearing this, He Zuowei and the other Sector Lords behind him hesitated for a moment. As servants, they relied on Han Jia's protection and could be said to have reached the heavens in a single step. However, many times, they would encounter this kind of dilemma.
Seeing He Zuowei's hesitant expression, Han Liusu faintly smiled. "Don't be hesitant, He Zuowei. Trust me this time. This time, my premonition is correct!"
He Zuowei hesitated for a moment before taking out a few more Purple Trial Talismans. However, he let out a long sigh. "Since Eldest Princess wants to cause trouble like this, we have no other choice …"
If they left Eldest Princess here and went back on their own, the consequences would be very serious. Since Eldest Princess was determined to stay here and follow Luo Zheng, they could only accompany her. However, they would have to waste a few Purple Trial Talismans.
Luo Zheng didn't participate in this dispute between master and servant. After all, it didn't have much to do with him.
Han Liusu used Strange Fire to help him refine his body. Luo Zheng also agreed to her request. If there was a chance, he would go to the Soul Suppressing Cliff in her place. Even though he didn't know where that place was.
However, Luo Zheng had never forgotten that he had entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement for the sake of cultivation. Becoming stronger was his fundamental goal …
Night fell and the bonfire rose.
Luo Zheng once again went to the plaza to eat heartily! The Mountain Shattering Race's cultivation seemed to be this simple and casual. The more they ate, the faster their strength grew.
Almost every day, Luo Zheng would eat three times his own weight in food!
This kind of appetite was already very shocking for ordinary martial artists. After all, the capacity of the stomach was limited. In a limited amount of time, they had to use their own strength to digest as much food as possible. This was an indispensable ability for the Mountain Shattering Race.
Compared to other martial artists, Luo Zheng's appetite was shocking. However, compared to the Mountain Shattering Race, he was somewhat lacking.
The amount of meat that a child of the Mountain Shattering Race could eat was almost five times that of Luo Zheng. As for the adult Mountain Shattering Race, the amount of meat that they could eat in one meal was almost equivalent to a small mountain …
Such a terrifying digestive ability created the Mountain Shattering Race's terrifying corporeal body and unimaginable strength. It was also the foundation of this race.
On the other side, He Zuowei saw that Luo Zheng was actually qualified to eat in front of the largest bonfire in the plaza. They looked at each other in dismay. If they didn't remember wrongly, only Han Cangyan was qualified to eat here. That was where the leader of the Mountain Shattering Race ate.
From this, it seemed that the Mountain Shattering Race wasn't lying. This Luo Zheng seemed to be really important to the Mountain Shattering Race.
He Zuowei and the others were all thinking about Han Liusu. They naturally knew that the Calamity Avoiding Incense was very torturous. Right now, they needed to satisfy the Eldest Princess's appetite.
Actually, in their opinion, although these foods contained the meat of mutated beasts, they still weren't qualified to enter Han Liusu's mouth. However, they were currently living under someone else's roof. They had no way to find better food for Han Liusu. They could only make do …
"I'm not eating!"
"Get away from me!"
"Scram far away!"
Unexpectedly, when He Zuowei and the others brought several relatively delicate pieces of meat to Han Liusu, Han Liusu directly drove them away.
"But Eldest Princess, this Calamity Avoiding Incense can stimulate your appetite a hundred times. Do you really not want to eat it?" He Zuowei had a strange expression. He didn't believe that Han Liusu could resist the hunger in her stomach under the effects of the Calamity Avoiding Incense. Not to mention the Eldest Princess, even He Zuowei couldn't do it.
"I'm not eating! You just need to take care of yourselves! "Han Liusu coldly said.
Not too far away, the martial artists lying on the ground suddenly burst into tears as they heard Han Liusu's words. Even in their dreams, they wanted to take a bite. How could this woman waste such a heavenly treasure!
He Zuowei was very puzzled, but since the Eldest Princess insisted on not eating, they could only withdraw. In their hearts, they felt more and more strange. Could it be that the Eldest Princess could resist the effects of the Calamity Avoiding Incense?
However, not long after, He Zuowei saw Luo Zheng slowly walk over step by step. He took out pieces of meat and tore them into pieces before feeding them to the eldest princess. He Zuowei immediately understood what was going on.

Chapter 1486
He Zuowei had a heavy responsibility to bring the Eldest Princess into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Due to the uniqueness of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, even people from the Divine Realm would enter to cultivate.
All the famous sects in the Divine Realm had branches in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Some of the big cities were built by people from the Divine Realm.
Han Jia was no exception.
The "Han City" that was 150 million miles away from the Mountain Shattering Race occupied a place of birth. It was a big city in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement that could not be ignored.
However, the Saint Emperor was still worried. Therefore, he sent He Zuowei and the others to ensure the Eldest Princess' safety.
When they encountered the Formless Sky Puppet, He Zuowei was scared half to death.
In order to save Han Liusu, they were going all out.
The price of using the Great Ambition was terrifying!
Once one made a great wish, one would have to fulfill it in this lifetime. If one was unable to fulfill it, not only would a huge hole appear in one's heart of martial arts, one's cultivation in this lifetime would be directly crippled at a critical moment!
Unless it was a life and death enemy, they would not use the Great Ambition.
Now that they made a Great Ambition to the Formless Sky Puppet and were unable to fulfill it, how big of an impact would it have on He Zuowei? However, He Zuowei was clear that if the Eldest Princess really died, they would also die. Although the Formless Sky Puppet was terrifying, there would still be a chance to fulfill it in the future...
Fortunately, the Eldest Princess was still unharmed.
But now, He Zuowei saw some bad signs. It could even be said that it was a very dangerous sign.
The Eldest Princess seemed to have a good impression of that secondary life form?
"He Wen, what do you think?" He Zuowei asked.
"What do you mean?" He Wen was confused. He did not seem to understand He Zuowei's words.
"You..."
He Zuowei also knew that these fellows were trying to distance themselves from him.
They knew how important the Eldest Princess was to the Saint Emperor. The key was that the Eldest Princess was engaged...
He Zuowei was at a loss. He wanted to go up and persuade them, but He Wen stopped him. "Boss He, some things will turn into ashes in the blink of an eye if they get involved."
"But..." He Zuowei was hesitant.
"There are some things that the Eldest Princess can't decide. That brat is just a second-level creature and is nothing to worry about. Naturally, there will be people to deal with him. As servants, we can just pretend we don't know anything," He Wen said indifferently.
In God's Domain, people like He Zuowei and He Wen were nothing more than small fries. There were some things that they simply couldn't manage. Staying out of it was the best choice. The only thing they could do was to ensure the absolute safety of the Eldest Princess. As for the rest, they could only act as if they didn't see anything.
This was the most basic form of cultivation, and it was a daily cycle.
Luo Zheng's strength was also growing day by day. In the beginning, Luo Zheng had a hard time moving around in the Mountain Crumbling Tribe, but as time passed, Luo Zheng felt that the gravitational force was getting weaker and weaker. This meant that his strength was getting stronger and stronger!
Actually, when ordinary martial artists were in the Collapsing Mountain Clan, as long as they crawled back up, their improvement would be relatively fast.
Moreover, Luo Zheng was receiving the best treatment. In order to allow Luo Zheng to quickly grow, the Collapsing Mountain Clan gave Luo Zheng much more than ordinary martial artists.
Every day at dawn, he would receive the baptism of battle songs. At sunset, he would eat all kinds of powerful vicious beasts. This was the most primitive and most effective way of training.
Three months later, Luo Zheng was already able to resist the intense gravitational force. He could walk freely in the Collapsing Mountain Clan. If he clenched his teeth, he could even walk as if he was flying. Unfortunately, the gravitational force in the Collapsing Mountain Clan was too strong. Although Luo Zheng knew that his strength had increased by a lot, he was unable to verify just how strong this strength was...
Besides Luo Zheng, the other Dao Children in the universe were also diligently cultivating in various parts of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
In the Reverent King City that was 15 million miles away from the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng defeated his last opponent, and another red Trial Talisman appeared in his hand.
In these few months, he had already obtained 36 red Trial Talismans...
There were three trial grounds around the Reverent King City, and one could enter them by paying the red Trial Talisman. However, to Hua Tianming, such trial grounds were meaningless.
"I still need 64 more … At this stage, my improvement should be the fastest, right? I wonder how Luo Zheng is doing now? "
When he accumulated 100 talismans, he could find someone to exchange for a purple Trial Talisman. At that time, he would be able to enter the Destruction Wind Valley to cultivate. It was said that the Destruction Wind Valley was one of the six great trial grounds, and that was the final destination of his trip to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After keeping the red Trial Talisman, he stepped onto the stage again and looked at the many opponents below the stage.
"Who else is willing to challenge me!?"
…
200 million miles away, Emerald Forest.
This was a beautiful and enchanting forest. Whether it was the trees or the weeds, they all looked as if they were carved out of emerald.
However, Hua Tianming was not in the mood to appreciate such a scenery.
His figure was like a shuttle, shuttling back and forth rapidly. He was as agile as a ray of light, and it was hard to capture his figure with one's eyes.
"Sou!"
With a flash of sword light, a grey spirit musk fell to the ground.
As his figure floated, he took the spirit musk into his Sumeru Ring.
This spirit musk was an extremely agile mutated beast. Whether it was its fur or its body, it was very valuable. It was worth at least 15 green Trial Talismans. But the most valuable part was the spirit musk's eyes. When this kind of creature fled in panic, its eyes would turn a beautiful deep green. This was a reaction caused by fear.
The greener the spirit musk's eyes, the more valuable they were.
Therefore, when Hua Tianming found a spirit musk, he would not kill it. He would let it run for a long time before killing it with a single sword strike!
This method was very inhumane, but he had come to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement to improve. In order to obtain a purple Trial Talisman and obtain the qualifications to enter the Heart Refining Pagoda, he had no choice but to do this.
"Still a bit off, but it's faster than I expected." Hua Tianming stood under a jade tree.
"Roar!"
Suddenly, a roar sounded, causing Hua Tianming's heart to tremble. He quickly hid. This Emerald Forest did not only have spirit musk. There were many powerful existences that Hua Tianming could not fight against.
…
Eternal City.
Xi Youqin was bored to death as she strolled around the streets.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was not a good place to travel. The key was that Luo Zheng was not by her side, so she had no confidence in finding Luo Zheng.
It was said that when night fell, the outside of the city would become extremely dangerous …
"I wonder where Luo Zheng is," Xi Youqin muttered.
"Little girl!"
At this moment, a voice suddenly floated from the side.
Xi Youqin turned her head and saw a black-clothed and masked martial artist. His appearance was very strange, but from his appearance, he was at least in human form. During this time, Xi Youqin had seen many strange creatures …
"What are you doing?" Xi Youqin asked.
"Coincidentally, I feel a unique aura from your body, hehe." The masked martial artist gave a dry laugh.
Xi Youqin glared at the man, a vigilant look on her face. Aside from the Illusory Battlefield, Xi Youqin had never trained alone. Facing this kind of situation, she did not know how to deal with it. However, she was not stupid. It was best not to provoke this guy of unknown origin.
Just as Xi Youqin was about to leave, the masked martial artist flashed in front of her and blocked her path.
"What are you doing?" Xi Youqin coldly scolded. She did not believe that this guy would dare to make a move in Eternal City.
"Hehe, little girl is very vigilant. But do you recognize this?" On the back of the masked martial artist, four sword shadows slowly appeared. Then, the four swords suddenly floated and formed a sword array in a unique way.
Seeing the four swords and the way they were arranged, Xi Youqin's expression changed greatly. Although this was just a starting position, Xi Youqin was very familiar with it.
"God Slaying Array, who are you?"
…
Luo Xi Xuan, Ku Deng, Ji Luoxue …
All the Dao Children were constantly cultivating in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, striving to break through as quickly as possible. They all had their own opportunities and dangers.
In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.
Now, Luo Zheng had completely adapted to the gravity of the Mountain Shattering Clan as if it did not exist.
"When Big Brother entered the Mountain Shattering Clan, it also took him a year and a half to be able to move freely …"
Han Liusu also felt that this was somewhat inconceivable. Not only her, but He Zuowei and the others were also very surprised. They found it hard to believe that a second-level creature could completely adapt to the gravity in just half a year without relying on external forces.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1487
For Luo Zheng to be able to improve so quickly, the Mountain Crushing Tribe's nurturing had contributed greatly.
However, the most important factor was the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body.
Although Luo Zheng had never tested how strong his physical body was, according to his experience of leveling up, his physical body had already reached the level of a supreme artifact.
Ordinary martial artists who entered the Mountain Crushing Tribe to refine their bodies were divided into two parts.
One part was to refine their bodies, and the other part was to refine their powers.
The Mountain Crushing Tribe was the source of their powers. Staying here, one's powers would increase at a relatively fast speed.
But many martial artists would reach a stagnant state when they reached a certain level.
Because their powers were too strong, their physical bodies couldn't bear it.
Back then, when Luo Zheng used Qinglong's powers, he also encountered such a bottleneck. Hence, even though he had a strong power, he couldn't fully utilize it.
Now, Luo Zheng didn't have such a bottleneck. Naturally, he would improve rapidly.
After half a year of contact, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the Mountain Crushing Tribe. He even had a rough understanding of the living beings in the God Refinement Sacred Ground.
The biggest dream of ordinary martial artists in the universe was to cross the universe, escape the Heaven Dao's reincarnation, and enter the Deity Domain. If they could bear the Heaven's Will and become a Heavenly Lord, they wouldn't have lived in vain. These were probably the two greatest dreams that all martial artists in the universe pursued.
It was also these dreams that urged them to reach the peak step by step.
And the structure of the universe was very stable. From the Lower Realm to the Upper Realm, from the Xiantian Realm to the Heavenly Lord, step by step, it whipped martial artists from one level to another.
But the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was completely different.
The Forbidden Land of God Refinement was very different from the universe constructed by ordinary Sages!
Firstly, there was no Heaven Dao here. All kinds of powers were very chaotic here. It could even be said to be simple and violent …
Just like body refinement, it was very difficult to cultivate such a strong power in the universe. For example, there were at least 13 people in the Mountain Crushing Tribe who were stronger than a Heavenly Lord. As for the Thunder Toad's power, it was bottomless.
Other than that, the entire Mountain Crushing Tribe's power was comparable to a Sector Lord, including the newborn babies of this tribe! At least these infants didn't feel much pressure from the gravity. However, ordinary sector lords couldn't move freely in the face of such strong gravity.
This was the miraculous effect of the Source of Power. The Forbidden Land of God Refinement compressed all the treasures of the entire universe into this huge cave and then used a crude method to distribute them to the living beings inside.
But what was the goal of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement?
Just like the Collapsing Mountain Clan, the Sky Dome Clan, and the Myriad Elephant Clan, what was the purpose of their existence? Could it be that he was just going to work for others and nurture martial artists from other universes or the Realm of the Gods?
The answer to these questions could only be asked by the owner of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. What was his purpose for constructing the Forbidden Land of God Refinement?
But who was their master?
So far, there was no answer.
The Collapsing Mountain Clan, the Sky Dome Clan, the Myriad Elephant Clan, and the Yuanhe Clan were all searching for this answer.
From the information revealed by the Thunder Toad, the place they wanted Luo Zheng to enter was called the Smelting Flame Lair. The thing they wanted him to take out was related to the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Today, Luo Zheng sat across from the Collapsing Mountain Clan's Thunder Toad as usual. They ate meat and drank wine …
"Bang!"
A huge silver plate smashed in front of Luo Zheng.
"Eat this," the Thunder Toad said indifferently.
The thing on the silver plate was a kind of golden pupa. This pupa had already been roasted, but it was unknown what kind of insect this pupa belonged to. The strange thing was that there were strange divine runes drawn on the pupa. These divine runes didn't seem to be carved, but formed naturally when the pupa formed.
Insects also knew how to carve divine runes on their pupa? Luo Zheng could only sigh at the mystical nature of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement …
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had eaten too much of all kinds of strange things.
Under the influence of the Avoiding Adversity Incense, Luo Zheng wasn't picky about his food.
The feeling of eating those pieces of meat was still fine, but there were some strange things that gave Luo Zheng all kinds of terrifying experiences!
Compared to the Nightmare Beast's brain matter or the Sulfur Ghost's head, these pupae in front of him were too cute.
Luo Zheng casually grabbed a handful and stuffed it into his mouth.
"Crunch!"
A sweet fragrance instantly spread in Luo Zheng's mouth. It was like chewing peanuts, and the taste was unexpectedly good.
"This taste is not bad," Luo Zheng said with a smile as he drank a mouthful of strong wine.
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed that the entire plaza was extremely quiet. No matter if it was the martial artists from the other clans or the Collapsing Mountain Clan, they were all staring at him.
Luo Zheng's gaze froze slightly. "Why are you all staring at me?"
"This is a Barbaric Bee pupa. It's a type of bee that lives beside the source of power. It's very precious," the Thunder Toad said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Looking at the Thunder Toad's expression, his heart was like a mirror. This Thunder Toad said it casually, but looking at the expressions of the Collapsing Mountain Clan members …
"This Barbaric Bee pupa is probably not ordinarily precious, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng realized that he had underestimated his usefulness to the Collapsing Mountain Clan. It seemed that the thing that the Collapsing Mountain Clan wanted him to take away was indeed very important.
"More or less," the Thunder Toad's expression suddenly became solemn. "The source of power will open in three days. I hope you can do your best."
The source of power …
When Luo Zheng entered the Collapsing Mountain Clan, he knew that the source of power was the foundation of the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
Adapting to the gravity of the Collapsing Mountain Clan was only the first step. It only allowed him to stand on the starting line of the ordinary members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. If he wanted to undergo another transformation, the most important thing was the source of power!
After swallowing the Barbaric Bee pupa, Luo Zheng felt a steady aura being transmitted from his stomach. This kind of aura not only permeated Luo Zheng's body, but also poured into Luo Zheng's dantian and escaped into Luo Zheng's inner world.
In this world, there were always some divine objects that could directly affect the inner world in the dantian, and the Barbaric Bee pupa was one of them.
In this half a year, Luo Zheng's inner world was also developing rapidly.
After the first island appeared, a layer of green was gradually spread over it. The first batch of living creatures were born in the short grass, such as voles, lizards, snakes and other small creatures.
These living creatures even formed a food chain, feeding on each other and reproducing.
On the other hand, the World Tree grew even more luxuriant. On the huge World Tree, another type of living creature was unfurled. All kinds of strange insects were born on it. Everything seemed to be in order. Luo Zheng was looking forward to it. When would the first human be born in this inner world?
In the next three days, Luo Zheng felt as if there was an extra heater in his body, and the effect of the Barbaric Bee pupa was gradually released in his body.
Three days later …
Luo Zheng and the members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, as well as many warriors from other clans, appeared in front of the mountain to the north of the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
This mountain was completely silvery white, as if it was a mountain made of silver.
Lei Toad brought everyone to a stop at the foot of the mountain. "This is the Sacred Spring Mountain, the source of our Collapsing Mountain Clan's power. How much of the Spring of Power you can obtain will depend on your understanding and luck of power!"
The source of power flowed all year round, but even the Collapsing Mountain Clan only had one chance to enter it every year. The warriors from other clans who entered the Collapsing Mountain Clan to cultivate were all aiming for this source of power!
At this moment, all the warriors were rubbing their palms, and their eyes were filled with greed. They knew clearly how precious this source of power was, as it gathered the source of power of the entire Forbidden Land of God Refinement!
This kind of source of power existed in other universes, but it was extremely rare. Even if it was just a drop of the source of power, it would cause a great conflict. Moreover, the conditions for its birth were extremely harsh.
The more perfect the inner world was, the more evenly distributed the source of power would be. All kinds of source of power were evenly distributed in the vast space of the universe, and it was almost impossible to rely on human strength to collect them.
However, in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the source of power was abnormally concentrated. In other words, the master who built the Forbidden Land of God Refinement didn't plan to build a complete universe. Although he was a Saint, he just scattered all the source of power casually, which created the Forbidden Land of God Refinement today …

Chapter 1488
Each of the Six Cultivation Sanctuaries had a different source of power.
For example, the Thousand Elephant Clan controlled the Source Law, the Yuan He Clan controlled the Soul Origin, and the Sky Dome Clan controlled the Vitality Origin.
Below the Sacred Spring Mountain, there was a crack that extended all the way, forming a triangular gap. That was the entrance to the Source of Power.
The Thunder Toad and some of the elders from the Mountain Crushing Clan stopped there.
How much of the Source of Power could be obtained depended on many things, such as luck, power, knowledge, everything was possible. To put it bluntly, everything depended on oneself.
According to the usual practice, the people from the Mountain Crushing Clan would be the first to enter, followed by the warriors from other clans.
However, there was an exception this time.
This time, Luo Zheng was the first to enter, followed by the people from the Mountain Crushing Clan, and finally, the warriors from other clans.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He accidentally entered the Mountain Crushing Clan and received their full support. To Luo Zheng, this was an extremely precious opportunity.
He knew that if it was not for this, he would still be working hard near the place of his birth. If he wanted to enter any of the Six Cultivation Sanctuaries, he would have to pay a high price. Among them, there was a price that Luo Zheng could not afford, which was time …
The Sacred Clan had already crossed the Wall of Sighs.
Although he was not sure why their Real God did not appear, the entire universe was in a state of collapse. He had to seize every opportunity to improve himself.
Before Luo Zheng got close to the huge cave, he could already feel the strong wind that blew out from within.
The speed of the strong wind was not fast, at least it was far from the point of producing wind blades. To warriors, this kind of wind could only be considered as a breeze, and it was not a threat at all.
However, the moment Luo Zheng came into contact with this gust of cold wind, his entire body instantly retreated backwards!
This seemingly light cold wind actually pushed him out of the cave by a few dozen feet!
"There is a strong power hidden in this wind …"
Seeing Luo Zheng retreat from the cave, the Thunder Toad could not help but remind him, "Luo Zheng, the wind in the cave is flowing with the Source of Power. It is a weak wind formed by the mixture of the Source of Power. With your power, you will not be able to withstand it. However, this wind is intermittent."
Luo Zheng nodded at the Thunder Toad. "Thanks for the reminder."
Even if the Thunder Toad didn't say anything, Luo Zheng figured out the problem.
The second time he entered, Luo Zheng was much more careful. He quietly approached the huge cave from the other side. His whole body was attached to the mountain wall, trying his best not to be blown by the weak wind.
After approaching the edge of the cave, Luo Zheng quietly stretched out an arm.
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't feel any wind blowing out. He didn't rush in, but suppressed his impatience and waited on the side. Since he knew that the weak wind was intermittent, Luo Zheng would first estimate the duration of the weak wind.
"Huff huff huff …"
A slight breeze blew out and brushed against Luo Zheng's arm. Luo Zheng immediately felt a huge force pushing his arm back!
Luo Zheng only used one hand to sense it. With a twist of his arm, his whole body spun in a circle, and his whole body was ruthlessly smashed against the side of the mountain wall.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was much stronger than before. Otherwise, he would have been seriously injured.
Luo Zheng crawled up from the ground and was secretly shocked. The source of power contained in this source of power was actually so terrifying?
After that, Luo Zheng didn't dare to use his hand to test the weak wind. Instead, he gently pulled a strip of cloth from his waist and threw it towards the cave entrance!
"Puchi!"
Although this strip of cloth was as soft as air and could have been blown away by the wind, because of the source of power contained in the wind, this strip of cloth was instantly torn to shreds.
As a result, Luo Zheng simply tore a few more strips of cloth and continuously stretched them towards the cave entrance to test it.
After tearing about ten strips of cloth, Luo Zheng once again stretched his hand towards the cave entrance. There was no response from the cave entrance …
"Now!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. His whole body turned into a stream of light and instantly drilled into the cave.
"Whoosh …"
He didn't know the terrain of this cave. Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng didn't have time to observe. He was almost madly moving forward by relying on his senses and instincts.
There were several times when Luo Zheng directly hit the silver walls of the cave. Accompanied by a muffled sound, he bounced to the other side and moved forward again!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had entered the cave for about two to three hundred feet. At this moment, Luo Zheng found that the cave entrance was still very far away. However, there was a big black pit beside it!
He almost subconsciously drilled into that big pit!
The moment he drilled in, Luo Zheng heard a whistling sound behind him. It was the sound of the weak wind moving forward in the cave and passing through some stone clocks.
"That was close. If I hadn't hidden in this pit, I'm afraid I would have been blown out again!"
After staying in this big pit for a while and confirming that the weak wind had stopped, Luo Zheng shrank his body and continued on his way!
On the way forward, Luo Zheng found that there were many big pits on both sides of this long cave. These pits were about ten feet high and the people of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe could also enter them.
It seemed that these big pits were originally dug by the people of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe so that the later generations could temporarily hide in them.
Luo Zheng kept shuttling back and forth. Then, he kept dodging back and forth in the big pits and moving forward in a roundabout way …
This Sacred Spring Mountain didn't look very big, but this cave was actually so deep. This made Luo Zheng very surprised. Perhaps he had already passed through the Sacred Spring Mountain and was moving towards the underground.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After an hour, the sound of the wind suddenly became louder. At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't need to probe to know that the wind had stopped and the wind had risen again.
"I'm already close to the wind gap?"
If he passed through the wind gap, he wouldn't be blown out directly.
However, Luo Zheng noticed that there was a considerable distance between him and the wind gap.
The closer he was to the wind gap, the shorter the interval between the wind gap. With Luo Zheng's speed, it would be quite difficult for him to cross this distance during the interval between the wind gap and the wind gap.
No matter how difficult it was, Luo Zheng wouldn't give up now. However, after weighing the pros and cons, Luo Zheng still didn't have much confidence.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
While waiting, Luo Zheng had already passed through three periods of rest.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. His body was as light as a bat. His legs suddenly stomped on the ground and his whole body started to shoot forward like a shuttle.
Luo Zheng had never set a limit for himself. Even if he couldn't do it, he would still try to do it first!
Sprinting like this, Luo Zheng rushed towards the wind gap at an extremely fast speed!
However, he had only rushed out two-thirds of the way when a sharp sound of the wind suddenly rang out.
"Whoosh …"
The closer he was to the wind gap, the more concentrated the wind was, and the stronger the source of the wind was.
This weak gust of wind was like a hammer, smashing directly on Luo Zheng's chest. The huge force immediately pushed him back!
"I failed …"
Luo Zheng's face suddenly became very ugly. At the same time, there was a trace of doubt in his heart.
His speed was already not slow. If he couldn't rush into the wind gap, then the others wouldn't be able to enter either …
The moment he was "hit" by the weak wind, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head.
He tried his best, but he still couldn't rush into the wind gap. The problem definitely didn't come from him. He must have overlooked something!
"Above!"
When he raised his head, Luo Zheng saw that there was another cave above this cave.
It turned out that the wind was divided into two. One wind blew horizontally towards the cave that Luo Zheng came from, and the other wind blew towards the cave above!
In other words, Luo Zheng's destination wasn't the wind gap, but the cave above!
The moment he came to this conclusion, Luo Zheng suddenly stomped his feet on the ground. With the help of the wind that "hit" him, Luo Zheng forcibly crashed into the cave above …
"Bang! Bang … "
Under the push of the wind, Luo Zheng was like a paper kite, crashing everywhere in the cave. In the end, he still rushed up, but the remaining force didn't diminish.
Luo Zheng didn't know how many times he hit the ground. When the wind stopped, Luo Zheng landed on the ground of the cave.
Such a violent crash made Luo Zheng dizzy.

Chapter 1489
After this source of power gushed out, it slowly flowed along a small path in the cave and finally seeped into a crack at the side.
"This is the source of power. This is the power of a Sage?"
Things like power had no shape. For example, when Luo Zheng used his power to lift a rock, his power would be used on the rock. In this case, the power was invisible.
However, this source of power was the source of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
After a Saint constructed a world, his soul, perception, strength, and True Yuan would fuse into every corner of the universe in the form of the origin.
However, the Sage who constructed the Forbidden Land of God Refinement had thrown his source of power here.
This source of power had a great attraction to Luo Zheng. This seven-colored spring water also had a fatal attraction to Luo Zheng! Not to mention him, any living creature would not be able to remain calm in the face of such temptation!
Although Luo Zheng was excited, he did not let it get to his head...
According to Lei Toad, the Mountain Shattering Tribe members who entered this place were already very lucky to be able to swallow a mouthful of the source of power. Most of them returned empty-handed and did not gain anything.
Luo Zheng looked at the flowing source of power. How could it only be a mouthful? Even if a large bucket was placed at the mouth of the spring water, it would not take long for the bucket to be filled to the brim.
What would happen if he swallowed such a large amount of the source of power? Luo Zheng did not know. At least, Lei Toad told Luo Zheng that such a situation had never happened before. Even Lei Toad only drank a dozen mouthfuls of the spring water, which was enough for him to become the leader of the Mountain Shattering Tribe.
Luo Zheng stood in place and hesitated for a moment. Then, he carefully moved between the rocks.
Luo Zheng was about a hundred zhang away from the source of power. As he slowly moved closer, Luo Zheng could hear the whistling of the wind from time to time.
Those weak winds brushed past Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng moved forward while crawling. He was afraid that he would be swept into those weak winds. These caves were connected to each other. If he was swept into those weak winds, who knew where he would be blown to...
As he slowly moved forward, Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to the seven-colored spring water.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could smell a faint fragrance.
"This spring water has a fragrance?"
Luo Zheng could not resist this fragrance. The desire in his heart became stronger and stronger. He wanted to drink a mouthful of the seven-colored spring water and be satisfied.
What Luo Zheng did not know was that the source of power did not have a smell. However, the source of power was the most instinctive desire of all living creatures.
........................... Luo Zheng..................................................
...........
.........
.............
.....................
But at this moment, he discovered that there was a fault in the ground in front of him. There was actually another huge cave passing through. Below it was a dark and bottomless mountain stream, and this mountain stream extended all the way up to an extremely far distance!
"You have to jump over." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
. This mountain stream was only about three zhang away...
. If it was any other place, Luo Zheng could easily cross it with a single step. However, the gravity in the Sacred Spring Mountain was still there. Moreover, because of the weak wind, the power here was even more chaotic.
After thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng lay on the edge of the mountain stream. He tried again to see if there was any weak wind in the mountain stream. The result made Luo Zheng feel relieved. There was no weak wind here.
Luo Zheng entered the Mountain Breaker Tribe and adapted to the terrifying gravity here. He could move freely. However, his jumping ability was severely limited. With his current strength, it was almost impossible for him to fly by relying on Zhenyuan. He could only rely on his own strength to sprint and jump.
After confirming the position in front of him, Luo Zheng slowly retreated a few steps. Then he took a deep breath.
"Go!"
Everything was possible in the Sacred Spring Mountain. The source of power was not something that could be easily obtained. There were some risks that he had to take.
"Whoosh!"
He suddenly sped up. His feet stepped on the edge of the mountain stream. His whole body instantly soared into the air.
It was only a distance of three zhang. As long as there were no accidents, he could easily cross it.
However, the moment Luo Zheng floated in the air, his face suddenly sank. He could not help but curse in his heart. Then he felt an irresistible gravitational force pulling him down.
He jumped up like a stone that was thrown out. He fell rapidly in a parabola. There was no room for him to resist.
Falling into the darkness below, Luo Zheng tried to fly in the air and change his falling trajectory. However, the gravitational force was too overbearing. Luo Zheng was like a giant's hand tightly grasping him. He could not break free.
After falling for a considerable distance in this thin mountain stream, he suddenly found that the gravitational force began to weaken rapidly. At the same time, he felt that there was a gravitational force around him from all directions.
When the gravitational forces from all directions reached a state of equilibrium, Luo Zheng fell to a place where the gravitational forces were balanced. His whole body floated in the air.
This kind of floating was not because Luo Zheng was floating in the air. It was because the gravitational forces were pulling at each other.
These gravitational forces were like ropes that bound Luo Zheng's limbs, forming a force that pulled at each other. At this moment, Luo Zheng was neither falling nor rising. He was only swaying gently in the air.
This situation was similar to the silver boulders that Luo Zheng saw in the Mountain Collapsing Tribe. Because of the chaotic forces, those boulders eventually floated in a place where the forces were balanced. They floated in the air like that for thousands of years.
"You won't let me float here forever, will you?"
Luo Zheng struggled for a while, but soon gave up. The gravitational forces from all directions firmly bound his body. He could not move at all. He was like a small insect in a spider's web.
"Drip, drip, drip..."
The sound of flowing water came from beside Luo Zheng's ears. The moment he heard this sound, Luo Zheng's nose was filled with a fresh fragrance.
There was also a source of power here?
Luo Zheng's eyes slightly blinked. Dots of green light spread out from his pupils. Soon after, he saw cracks on the mountain wall not far away. The seven-colored spring water was slowly flowing along these cracks.
The water flowed downwards. What was strange was that this source of power was like a little spirit. It jumped up from the cracks drop by drop and actually flowed upwards.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. Many attempts had been subverted in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Although this scene was surprising, it was not enough to make Luo Zheng too surprised.
The most important thing was that he could see this source of power and it was not far from him. However, he did not have the opportunity to drink a mouthful of it.
Luo Zheng floated in the air. He used several methods to try to break free from the restraints of the gravitational forces. He also tried to use some methods to get some of the source of power from the opposite side.
However, after trying several methods, they all failed.
Just as Luo Zheng was gritting his teeth, he suddenly realized that the seven-colored spring water on the mountain wall had suddenly changed direction. It started to flow downwards!
"The gravitational forces have changed?"
Just as this thought appeared in his mind, he suddenly felt his head become lighter. The gravitational forces from downwind had disappeared.
When the gravitational forces lost their balance, Luo Zheng was fiercely pulled upwards by the gravitational forces above his head. His entire body rose up at an extremely fast speed!
"Whoosh!"
As he flew upwards, Luo Zheng once again returned to the place where he had fallen. Once again, he saw the source of power that had converged into a small stream not far away.
However, Luo Zheng still could not change his direction. His entire body continued to be pulled upwards along this vertical cave.
"Bang!"
In the end, Luo Zheng fiercely hit the ceiling of the cave. His entire body tumbled and fell into an unfamiliar cave.
At this moment, in front of Luo Zheng, there was a protruding rock. And right below this rock, there was a drop of the source of power hanging above it.
To be precise, this drop of source of power was not hanging below the rock. It seemed to be affected by the gravitational forces and was "falling" upwards. However, this drop of source of power happened to be blocked by this rock. Therefore, it was stuck below the rock.
Seeing this drop of source of power, Luo Zheng's face revealed a happy expression. Suddenly, he realized something. He immediately raised his head and was stunned when he saw the ceiling of the cave.
He saw a pool of source of power gathered at the ceiling of the cave. It was emitting a charming color and a faint fragrance.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1490
The pool of rainbow-colored spring water lay quietly at the top of the cave. It was only about ten zhang above Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng sized up the surrounding environment. After circling around, he tried to climb up from the surrounding walls. However, the walls of the cave were as smooth as a mirror. There was nowhere for him to place his hands …
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng punched the wall of the cave. The wall only produced a muffled sound. He wanted to smash a step out of the wall. However, even with his current strength, Luo Zheng was still unable to smash open the silver rock.
"Phew …"
After exhaling, Luo Zheng could only restrain his desire. The pool of spring water was hanging upside down above his head. This thing seemed to completely ignore the law of water flowing downwards. It flowed down wherever it wanted …
Luo Zheng frowned and pondered for a moment. His eyes flashed slightly, and his face revealed the light of hope.
Just now, when he fell into the mountain stream, the spring water in the crack of the mountain stream was also in a state of reverse flow. Then, it seemed to have changed its direction and started flowing downwards! The direction of its flow was extremely strange.
Could it be that all the spring water in the Sacred Spring Mountain would be reversed after a period of time?
Luo Zheng's gaze once again fell on the protruding rock to the side. There was still a drop of spring water left below the rock. This meant that the spring water here had indeed been reversed.
Not long ago, the spring water should have been below Luo Zheng's feet. After it suddenly reversed, all the spring water rushed to the top of the cave and converged into a small pool.
"If it reverses again …"
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. Under the change of gravity, the spring water in the small pool would fall down again!
According to what Luo Zheng saw, this inference should be correct.
He carefully sized up the ground below his feet. This incomparably solid silver rock was covered with potholes. It seemed to have been eroded by water for a long time. Most importantly, there was still a drop of spring water left here. This was irrefutable evidence.
At this moment, Luo Zheng focused his attention on this drop of spring water. Although it was only a drop, it did not hinder Luo Zheng's interest in it.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and touched the drop of power source.
The small water droplet kept changing into a magnificent color, as if a small rainbow was compressed into this water droplet. It was like the most beautiful gem in the world.
Luo Zheng held the source of power in his hand and turned his palm downwards. The water droplet was pressed against Luo Zheng's palm. If Luo Zheng flipped the water droplet, the source of power would escape upwards.
Naturally, he wouldn't give this little droplet a chance to escape. With a flip of his palm, Luo Zheng swallowed this droplet of Source of Strength!
A fiery power spread out from Luo Zheng's throat. He felt his body instantly absorb this power source!
This kind of origin energy could not be pure without any impurities. It did not even need to be absorbed because the origin energy was originally a part of this world.
After swallowing it, it naturally merged with Luo Zheng.
That cool feeling quickly spread throughout Luo Zheng's body. Although it was only a drop, it made every muscle in Luo Zheng's body become active!
"This feeling is similar to swallowing the meat of those strange beasts! It's just that the effect is faster! "
The strange beasts that the Mountain-Crushing Tribe hunted and killed all grew up around the Mountain-Crushing Tribe. They were also attracted by the source of power. This source of power was endlessly attractive to martial artists, and it was the same for other creatures.
Although these strange beasts had never swallowed the source of power before, the existence of this source of power still affected them! Among them, the Mountain-Crushing Tribe was affected the most. This was also one of the reasons why the Mountain-Crushing Tribe was born with great strength.
As the heat in his body became stronger and stronger, Luo Zheng also felt his strength increase rapidly.
Luo Zheng could not measure the growth of his strength in the Mountain-Crushing Tribe. As for how much his strength had increased, he would have to wait until he left the Mountain-Crushing Tribe to see!
"Just a drop of the source of power has such an effect." Luo Zheng stared at the pool of source of power above his head. "If I swallow all of this, what effect will there be?"
With this thought in mind, Luo Zheng's eyes became even more fiery.
The problem now was that Luo Zheng couldn't climb up, and he couldn't take down this source of power!
Luo Zheng spread out his Divine Sense, then he sneaked into the Sumeru Ring and started searching for tools. For all these years, Luo Zheng had stuffed all sorts of things into his Sumeru Ring, and there were quite a lot of them.
After searching for a while, Luo Zheng took out a fine steel cable. This fine steel cable was something Luo Zheng had taken from a Divine Core warrior when he was still in the Lower Realm.
This fine steel cable could be thrown out for over 30 meters, and the distance was just right. The only flaw was that this fine steel cable was only a Low Grade Immortal Item, and its grade was too low. Therefore, Luo Zheng had no choice but to put up with it.
After taking out the fine steel cable, Luo Zheng took out a small container and tied it tightly to the end of the fine steel cable. With that, the preparation was complete.
All he needed to do was throw this thing up, and use the small container to scoop down the source of power …
But, even though Luo Zheng had prepared for a long time, and just when he was about to throw the fine steel cable into the air, he heard a cracking sound. The fine steel cable was broken by Luo Zheng, and the other part of the cable was sent flying into the air, smashing into a rock wall and shattering into pieces.
An Immortal Item like this couldn't withstand the gravitational force in this place. Under the powerful gravitational force, a Low Grade Immortal Item like this would be as fragile as porcelain …
"This …"
After curling his lips, Luo Zheng took out his Sumeru Ring once again and started searching for a suitable tool. But, he still couldn't find a suitable tool.
Feeling helpless, Luo Zheng could only wait. He was waiting for the gravitational force to reverse, and the source of power would fall down by itself.
With regards to his own actions of waiting for the rabbit to appear, Luo Zheng also felt extremely helpless. It was just that the previous encounter had already made Luo Zheng understand that this Forbidden Land of God Refinement was not a reasonable place. The rules of this world were not strict, otherwise, there would not be such a miraculous thing like the source of power.
If he wanted to obtain more power here, he needed patience and luck.
Sitting here for two hours, the source of power still didn't show any signs of falling.
Now, Luo Zheng couldn't sit still anymore.
He had enough patience to wait here, but time didn't allow him to. The Thunder Toad let him in in advance, hoping that he could seize the opportunity and obtain more power.
If he stayed here for too long, he might lose other opportunities.
The forks in the Sacred Spring Mountain were as numerous as a strand of hair. Every path had a different opportunity, and the amount of power one could obtain was also different. However, if one was one step ahead, they would still be able to gain an advantage.
Taking a deep look at the small pool above his head, Luo Zheng could only firmly remember the position of this place. Perhaps he had misunderstood, and the gravitational force of the source of power didn't reverse naturally, but under someone's control?
After thinking, Luo Zheng continued to explore the depths of the cave.
The source of power in the Sacred Spring Mountain was very widely distributed. Along the way, he could see the source of power everywhere. However, his luck didn't seem to be too good. It was so close, but he couldn't obtain a single drop!
As he continued to move forward, the cave continued to extend downwards.
At this time, Luo Zheng didn't encounter the damned weak wind and chaotic gravitational force. Similarly, he didn't see any trace of the source of power.
After moving down for about a few hundred feet, the terrain suddenly became flat.
However, the light became even dimmer. Luo Zheng had no choice but to use his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes. However, when he saw the scene in front of him clearly, he discovered that there was a huge sphere not far away.
Under careful observation, Luo Zheng saw that there were fist-sized things constantly moving in and out of this huge sphere. Although they weren't big, when they flapped their wings, there was a powerful roar.
"Hive, this is the nest of those Barbaric Bees," Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The Thunder Toad had told him that not only was there a source of power in the Sacred Spring Mountain, there were also a considerable number of accompanying creatures!
These creatures grew under the nourishment of the source of power, and their strength was also very terrifying.
The Barbaric Bees were a relatively common strange beast in the source of power. Although they were only the size of a fist, they definitely couldn't be ignored!

Chapter 1491
The passageway extended all the way and was blocked by the hive.
If he wanted to move forward, he would have to pass by the hive. This was undoubtedly very risky for Luo Zheng.
If he disturbed these Barbaric Bees, the situation would become very troublesome.
Perhaps Luo Zheng didn't know the strength of these Barbaric Bees, but they were definitely not to be trifled with.
However, since Luo Zheng was already here, he couldn't turn back …
After making up his mind, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and began to restrain his aura. He followed the corner and slowly moved forward. Both his movements and footsteps were extremely light!
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Barbaric Bees weren't particularly aggressive. Generally, they wouldn't attack unless provoked. As long as they weren't disturbed, they wouldn't take the initiative to attack.
There was a huge difference between Barbaric Bees and Barbaric Bees, but now it seemed that their habits were similar. At the very least, Barbaric Bees had built their own territory, "Hive". As long as Luo Zheng didn't invade their territory, there shouldn't be any problems.
As he slowly approached the hive, Luo Zheng's observation became clearer.
There were countless hexagonal openings above the hive, and Barbaric Bees the size of a fist were entering and exiting from these openings. After careful observation, Luo Zheng discovered that these Barbaric Bees had a ball of fine hair under their abdomens. And this ball of fine hair was stained with a drop of Rainbow Spring Water!
These Barbaric Bees were actually harvesting the Rainbow Spring Water as nectar!
It was no wonder that Barbaric Bees could fly. Even Luo Zheng couldn't fly now. After all, he couldn't escape the powerful gravitational force. These Barbaric Bees fed on the source of energy all year round. By flapping their wings, they could escape the gravitational force of this place.
The closer he got to the hive, the more cautious Luo Zheng became.
When he was about seven or eight zhang away from the hive, Luo Zheng suddenly had a bad feeling. It seemed like something was spying on him at close range!
As soon as this feeling appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly became alert.
Luo Zheng had received the best treatment in the Mountain Collapsing Tribe, but this did not mean that there was no danger here. In this lawless and unreasonable place, Luo Zheng would never let his guard down.
After stopping, Luo Zheng looked around carefully. There was nothing in the surroundings except for a cave that led to the top. However, the cave was empty.
After looking at it again, Luo Zheng finally found the problem. There were two cracks in the center of the giant hive, and there was a pair of eyes hidden in the cracks.
The eye was made up of countless compound eyes, and Luo Zheng could see his own reflection in each of the tiny grids. In each of the grids, there was a reflection of himself!
He was being watched by this pair of eyes!
This feeling made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end. What the hell was in this hive?
This pair of eyes was dozens of times bigger than an ordinary Barbaric Bee. It was definitely not an ordinary Barbaric Bee … Could it be a Barbaric Bee King?
When bee-type creatures lived in groups, there would usually be a Barbaric Bee King that would do its best to reproduce. At the same time, this Barbaric Bee King would also take 99% of the food. All the worker bees served the Barbaric Bee King. The problem was that the only food in the Sacred Spring Mountain was the source of power.
Thinking of a Barbaric Bee King that could devour a large amount of the source of power, Luo Zheng's heart started to beat faster. He was already mentally prepared to encounter some weird things in this damned place, but the thing in front of him still made Luo Zheng's scalp tingle.
"Try to restrain your aura as much as possible!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng wanted to close his eyes and try not to let his emotions fluctuate. It would be best if he could turn into a log and pass through.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to move, he suddenly heard a rumbling sound.
"Dong dong dong …"
Luo Zheng was shocked. He saw a tall and sturdy figure falling from the cave on the side!
It was a member of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe!
This member of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe had a huge body, and the walls of the cave were smooth all the way to the top. Sliding down from the top, there was a huge inertia and impact force!
At this moment, Luo Zheng could not care less about restraining his aura. He quickly retreated backward!
"Boom!"
Just as he retreated, the tall and sturdy figure rolled down and crashed into the mountain wall on the right side of Luo Zheng, creating a shocking sound!
Fortunately, the members of the Collapsing Mountain Clan had thick skin and flesh, so they were not seriously injured from the collision. This member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan had just gotten up and cursed in the language of the Collapsing Mountain Clan when he saw Luo Zheng at the side.
"Luo Zheng?"
The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member glanced at him indifferently and called out Luo Zheng's name. However, whether it was his eyes or his tone, he was not very friendly.
After the Mountain Crumbling Tribe members reached adulthood, they would go through a rite of passage. The rite of passage was to enter the Sacred Spring Mountain and accept the test. Then, they would absorb the source of power and complete a transformation!
As for the foreign martial artists, they could only follow behind the Mountain Crumbling Tribe and take advantage of the situation. Therefore, no matter how outstanding the foreign martial artists were, it was difficult for them to surpass the Mountain Crumbling Tribe members.
Of course, there were exceptions to everything. For example, Han Liusu's brother, Han Cangyan, had also created many miracles.
This time, the situation was different.
The Mountain Crumbling Tribe placed Luo Zheng first. Not only did they let Luo Zheng be the first to enter the Sacred Spring Mountain, but Lei Toad also instructed the other martial artists of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe to help Luo Zheng as much as possible if they met him.
They did not dare to disobey Lei Toad's orders, but they were naturally disdainful in their hearts!
This kid only had the ability to be immune to fire. What right did he have to be treated so well by the Mountain Crumbling Tribe?
This group of Mountain Crumbling Tribe members had been dissatisfied for a long time. Now that they saw Luo Zheng, how could they be friendly? It was even more impossible for them to help Luo Zheng.
If there was a chance, he even wanted to fight with Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng only pointed behind him. When the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member turned around, he was instantly dumbfounded. He stood on the spot and did not dare to move. He did not even dare to breathe loudly.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Just now, when the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member smashed down, it caused such a huge commotion. The Barbaric Bees in the hive swarmed out in large numbers, constantly flying and circling in the air …
"Barbaric, the nest of the Barbaric Bees …"
Although this was the first time that the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member entered the Sacred Spring Mountain, he understood the terror of the Barbaric Bees better than Luo Zheng.
The Barbaric Bees waved their hands in circles in the air, which was a kind of warning.
If they came any closer, they would attack!
After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, Luo Zheng and the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member were frozen in place. They were like stone statues, standing motionless in place!
Those Barbaric Bees did not chase after them. After circling around the hive once, they returned to the hive in an orderly manner. This place regained its peace.
"Hmph, which path is not easy to take? You actually chose this path. You're courting death!" The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member coldly glared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not care about the attitude of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member in front of him. He indifferently replied, "The path behind is a dead end."
"A dead end?" The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member was stunned.
He had fallen down from above, but he was not that nervous. The paths in the Sacred Spring Mountain were tangled and complicated. It was formed by the erosion of the source of power.
Therefore, there was no real dead end here. Everything was connected and would eventually converge on the same path!
The problem was that the path in front of them was blocked by the hive.
It was impossible for him to climb up the cave he had fallen into. Luo Zheng also said that the path behind them was a dead end. Therefore, they were only left with the path in front of them.
However, there was a huge Barbaric Beehive blocking this path.
"Then what should we do?" The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member blurted out.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. This guy was full of hostility towards him just now. Now, he was acting like this. This Mountain Crumbling Tribe member's character was really bad …
After staying here for half a year, Luo Zheng also knew that the Mountain Crumbling Tribe members would not fake or even lie. As long as they had a reason to hate him, they would definitely show it on their faces.
If they needed help, they would directly ask for help. Luo Zheng was already used to this way of doing things. He did not argue with this worker and only indifferently said, "We can only go over carefully. As long as we don't disturb these Barbaric Bees, there shouldn't be a big problem!"
Even with such a huge commotion, these Barbaric Bees only circled around the hive and did not attack Luo Zheng and the Mountain Crumbling Tribe member. This meant that the Barbaric Bees were not particularly aggressive.
"The only problem is the Queen Bee in this hive," Luo Zheng added.
"What! There's a Queen Bee in here! " The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member's voice suddenly rose by 80%. Then, he covered his mouth, but his eyes revealed fear.
Luo Zheng became curious. "Isn't it normal to have a Queen Bee in a hive?"
The survival of a hive depended on the Queen Bee to continuously nurture its offspring. These Barbaric Bees should not be able to escape this rule, right?
"No! It's not like that. It's definitely not normal to have a Queen Bee! "The Mountain Crumbling Tribe member said with a face full of fear.

Chapter 1492
"Why is it abnormal if there is a Wasp King?" Luo Zheng asked puzzledly.
The Mountain Crushing Race clansman curled his lips and said, "The clansman said that there is only one Wasp King in the Sacred Spring Mountain and it is in the deepest part of the Sacred Spring Mountain!"
"If there is only one Wasp King, then what is going on with this hive?"
The Mountain Crushing Race clansman obviously noticed the two big eyes on the hive. Even though he was Rao Yong, his voice was trembling. "If there is a Wasp King here, then the Wasp King in the deepest part of the mountain must be dead! There must be a huge problem. We should leave the Sacred Spring Mountain! "
Luo Zheng didn't know much about the Sacred Spring Mountain. After all, there were many secrets in the Mountain Crushing Race that weren't open to the public. For example, he had never heard of the Mountain Crushing Race's clansman. He only knew that the current leader of the Mountain Crushing Race was Lei Toad.
Luo Zheng wasn't willing to leave now. If he left now, he might have to stay in the Mountain Crushing Race for another year.
"The problem is, how are we going to leave?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
The Mountain Crushing Race clansman patted his head. He had forgotten that this was the only path they could take.
If they were stronger and could break free from the gravity of this place and fly, they could return the way they came. However, it wasn't that easy to leave now...
The two of them stood on the spot and discussed for a while. It seemed like they couldn't find any other way out. In the end, they could only grit their teeth and move forward.
The Mountain Crushing Race clansman realized his situation and didn't have much hostility towards Luo Zheng. At this moment, he told Luo Zheng his name. This person's name was Lie Yu and he had just turned 30 years old this year.
However, this kind of age calculation wasn't accurate. After all, the time of a day in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement wasn't fixed. Sometimes, the day would be as long as dozens of hours. Sometimes, the night would be as short as six to eight hours. Moreover, the calendar in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was different from the universe Luo Zheng was in.
Lie Yu walked in front. Although he was tall, the Mountain Crushing Race clansmen had extraordinary control over their strength. He could contract every muscle on his body at will. When he slowly walked forward, he was as light as a cat.
Luo Zheng once again concealed his aura and stared at the scattered Wasp King in the hive while quietly following behind Lie Yu.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
A few Barbaric Bees were flying around the hive. As for the pair of large eyes in the hive, they were still staring at the two's every move. The Wasp King should be the biggest threat. At this moment, it even had the power to decide the life and death of the two. If it got angry, all the Barbaric Bees would attack them without hesitation.
Not long after, they arrived at the edge of the hive. Its large compound eyes stared at Luo Zheng and Lie Yu through the cracks of the hive, giving them an invisible pressure.
At this moment, Lie Yu suddenly stopped. His huge body blocked Luo Zheng's attempt to take it away. Perhaps he was too nervous, but he stood there and panted anxiously!
"Go!"
Luo Zheng pushed him from behind and frowned.
However, at this moment, the two suddenly heard a crisp sound coming from the hive. The cracks on the surface of the hive widened, and a pair of large, orange-yellow compound eyes were completely exposed to their field of vision. The two could even see a part of the Wasp King's body. Its erect hairs were like iron nails that were inserted into the Wasp King's body.
"Hu …"
Lie Yu suddenly took a deep breath, and the sound was like a whistle.
"Buzz buzz …"
A few Barbaric Bees might have been startled by the sound. They circled the hive twice and then went straight for Luo Zheng and Lie Yu.
The two stood in place, not daring to move. In this situation, they could only resign themselves to fate. If they chose to fight back, all the Barbaric Bees in the hive would come out in full force. At that time, no one would be able to save them.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
One of the Barbaric Bees circled in front of Luo Zheng. This Barbaric Bee's tail was embedded with a huge black spike, and the tip of the spike had two black barbs. It was like an anchor. Being stung by this thing was not a fun experience.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's muscles were tense. If this Barbaric Bee attacked, he could only choose to fight back and then escape!
Fortunately, these Barbaric Bees only circled the two a few times, then slowly circled back to the hive.
"Not bad," Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief.
Lie Yu's originally nervous expression also relaxed.
But just as the two relaxed a little and were about to continue moving forward, they heard a rumbling sound coming from behind!
Someone else had fallen!
The two looked at each other, and they already knew the answer.
"Run!"
The two of them had just started to accelerate forward when a loud bang came from behind them. They didn't know who had fallen. In short, such a violent commotion would definitely alarm these Barbaric Bees. The two of them were on the side of the hive, so they would definitely be the first to receive the most concentrated attacks!
After realizing this, the two of them immediately rushed out!
Although their movements were not small, it was still incomparable to the sound of the cultivator falling from behind!
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, countless Barbaric Bees swarmed out of the hive.
"What the hell is this!"
A cursing voice came from behind Luo Zheng. It seemed that the cultivator who had fallen this time was not from the Mountain Shattering Tribe. However, Luo Zheng had no time to care about that person!
The Barbaric Bees in the hive split into two groups. One group rushed towards the cultivator, while the other group chased after Luo Zheng and Lie Yu!
The two of them no longer cared about the distance between them. They only covered their heads and ran madly!
"Buzz buzz!"
In the end, their running speed could not compare to the flying speed of the Barbaric Bees. That group of fist-sized Barbaric Bees quickly rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng heard an extremely soft sound breaking through the air!
He almost subconsciously lowered his head and rolled on the ground. He saw a tiny Wasp Tail Needle fly past his head and nailed itself to the ground in front of him!
Then, a strange scene appeared.
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, the strength of this Wasp Tail Needle should not be very strong. It also contained a highly toxic poison, so he shouldn't be too afraid. However, when this needle shot out, it actually nailed itself to the ground!
One had to know that the entire Sacred Spring Mountain was made of silver rock. Even Luo Zheng was unable to destroy this silver rock. However, this light Wasp Tail Needle had directly nailed itself to the ground.
"Hualala!"
The originally solid ground of the cave suddenly began to boil like boiling water. The Wasp Tail Needle had actually melted the silver rock and completely corroded it!
"What a strong corrosive power. This isn't an ordinary poison …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was secretly alarmed. If he were to be nailed by this Wasp Tail Needle, wouldn't a large piece of him also be corroded?
However, there were countless Barbaric Bees behind them. They had more than one Wasp Tail Needle!
After the two realized the difficult situation they were in, they began to run even harder. At the same time, they heard a piercing scream!
Amidst the chaos, Luo Zheng turned his head and saw a martial artist in the distance whose body was already blurred. That martial artist had probably been hit by many Wasp Tail Needles. His entire body was like a candle being roasted by a raging fire. His entire body was constantly melting and shrinking. In a few breaths of time, he had turned into a pool of blood …
Just as he turned his head, Luo Zheng saw dozens of black Wasp Tail Needles shooting straight towards him.
Luo Zheng stepped on the wall of the cave and rolled, barely avoiding the Wasp Tail Needles. The Wasp Tail Needles nailed to the wall and quickly corroded dozens of deep holes. The incomparably solid silver rock was as soft as tofu under the Wasp Tail Needles!
If he hadn't dodged, his fate would have been the same as that corroded martial artist.
"Die for me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with anger. Just as he steadied himself, the long sword in his hand suddenly slashed out.
Although he didn't know if his sword art would be effective against these Barbaric Bees, he couldn't just sit there and wait for death …
"Shua!"
The effect of this sword strike was completely out of Luo Zheng's expectations.
Those Barbaric Bees were actually cut in half by his sword strike. These Barbaric Bees weren't as strong as he had imagined!
Previously, Luo Zheng had been chased by the Formless Heavenly Centipede all the way. Coupled with the strange gravitational force of the Mountain Collapsing Race, he had been overly nervous about the creatures in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It could be said that he had overestimated the strength of these Barbaric Bees.
Although their Wasp Tail Needles were terrifying, they were still bee-type creatures. The characteristics of this kind of creature were their large numbers, speed, agility, and venom … However, their defensive power was only average.
Luo Zheng was pleasantly surprised. The sword light in his hand became even sharper, instantly killing dozens of Barbaric Bees!
"Help me!" Luo Zheng reminded Lie Yu.
He didn't expect Lie Yu to just charge forward. As he ran, he said, "I haven't cultivated any martial skills. How can I help you!"
Originally, the only thing the Mountain Collapsing Race relied on was their terrifying strength. However, when it came to the use of strength, they were in an extremely primitive state. This Lie Yu really couldn't help Luo Zheng!
He could only rely on himself!
The sword light in Luo Zheng's hand was like a net. As he dodged the Wasp Tail Needles, he quickly killed the Barbaric Bees. At the same time, he madly ran forward.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz!"
Swaths of Barbaric Bees were cut down by Luo Zheng. Along the way, the corpses of the Barbaric Bees that had been cut in half scattered all over the ground. Many Barbaric Bees were afraid of the sword in Luo Zheng's hand. They flapped their wings and cried even louder!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, a sharp whistling sound was heard. It was a black light that went straight for Luo Zheng's face.
Seeing that the black light was about to hit Luo Zheng, he suddenly held the Lei Feng You Divine Sword horizontally. The black light directly nailed onto Luo Zheng's sword!
This First Grade Divine Weapon that had accompanied Luo Zheng for many years was corroding at a visible speed. When Luo Zheng threw it out, it had already turned into a pool of molten iron before it hit the ground.
Luo Zheng's face suddenly darkened. He didn't feel sorry for the sword. Instead, he saw that the hive in the distance was completely destroyed. A black object was nailed to the wall of the cave. On top of its head was a pair of huge compound eyes that emitted a faint light. It was the Queen Bee!
The black light that went straight for Luo Zheng's face was shot out by the Queen Bee.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1493
The Barbaric Bee King did not have wings and looked like a large worm. Its tail curled up like a scorpion, and there was a cluster of black thorns at the tip of its tail!
Although the Barbaric Bee King looked very bloated and could not fly, its movement speed was not slow at all. After its black beam was blocked by Luo Zheng, the twelve pairs of legs under its abdomen began to move rapidly, and it rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng turned and ran!
When he turned his head, he saw that Lie Yu from the Mountain-Crushing Clan had already run a distance of 300 meters. Luo Zheng could not help but twitch his mouth. It seemed that the Mountain-Crushing Clan was not as brave as they appeared to be.
However, Lie Yu could not be blamed for this. All courage was built on the foundation of being able to fight.
When facing the Barbaric Bee King, running away was not something to be laughed at.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's expression was also very focused at this moment. Every step he took was extremely precise. When he used his footwork, his speed was even faster than Lie Yu's!
Lie Yu had grown up in the Mountain-Crushing Clan and was one of the best of the younger generation. In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng might lose to him.
However, the Mountain Crasher Race only used their strength to the extreme. They had almost no research on techniques, techniques, and the like. In this kind of ecological environment, they did not need to research. This was because every race faced different environments, and the path of evolution they took was also different.
Lie Yu ran wildly in front and occasionally looked back. When he saw the Barbaric Bee King behind Luo Zheng, he looked as if he had eaten something bad. His expression was as ugly as it could be. Therefore, he ran even faster.
Generally speaking, the trial of the Sacred Spring Mountain was not very dangerous. However, there was still a certain mortality rate. Every year during the coming of age ceremony, the Mountain-Crushing Clan would lose three or four people. The number of foreign warriors who died in the Sacred Spring Mountain was even higher.
However, dying at the hands of the Barbaric Bee King was more unjust. After all, this thing should not have existed here in the first place …
Lie Yu ran wildly as his thoughts ran wild. As he was distracted, he missed a step!
After being stunned for a moment, he rolled down again. He was just curious. There should not be a big hole here!
Luo Zheng, who was behind him, saw Lie Yu's figure disappear in an instant and understood that he must have fallen down.
Seeing this, a glimmer of hope appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
If this path continued, he would be caught by the Barbaric Bee King sooner or later. At that time, he would definitely die! If there was a passage leading down ahead, that would be the best.
"Whoosh!"
Along with the sound of the air being torn apart, Luo Zheng was suddenly shocked in his heart. His entire body suddenly leaped up and rolled in the air!
The faintly discernible black light passed through Luo Zheng's clothes and nailed itself to the rock wall beside him. Immediately, it corroded a large hole in the rock wall.
Luo Zheng used the momentum of his fall to step into the place where Lie Yu had disappeared. According to Luo Zheng's thoughts, this must be a hole leading down.
However, as he fell, his expression immediately changed. He saw Lie Yu crawling up from the hole below. As he fell, he stepped on Lie Yu's shoulder.
"You!"
Lie Yu was just about to open his mouth to speak when Luo Zheng stomped him into the pit again …
Luo Zheng used Lie Yu's shoulder to jump again. He somersaulted out of the hole and hovered up. His expression immediately turned ugly. The place where Lie Yu had fallen was just a big hole. It was not a passage leading down!
Lie Yu had been stomped into the pit by Luo Zheng, but he quickly crawled back up. He did not dare to argue with Luo Zheng, as escaping was more important.
The two of them continued to run forward. The Barbaric Bee King was clearly faster than them. It was getting closer and closer to them!
Not long after, the two of them finally reached the end of the path. Their hearts sank at the same time. The end of the path did not connect to the other caves. This was a dead end …
The Barbaric Bee King was still chasing after them. The two of them had already retreated to the end of the path. The silver stone wall behind them was incomparably sturdy. It was impossible to destroy it.
Seeing the Barbaric Bee King rapidly approaching them, the anxiety on their faces intensified. How could they fight the Barbaric Bee King with their strength? There seemed to be no other choice!
"Perhaps the Barbaric Bee King is the same as the Barbaric Bees. Its defense is not …"
Luo Zheng was halfway through his sentence when he suddenly heard a pitter-patter sound. He looked up and saw the Mountain Breaker Tribesman, who was more than three meters tall, crying. "What should we do? Wuwuwuwu …"
Luo Zheng was originally very nervous. However, when he saw the Mountain Breaker Tribesman crying, he immediately rolled his eyes. He had wanted to cooperate with this guy, but he did not expect that this guy would immediately collapse.
He could only rely on himself. Luo Zheng's gaze swept over and a longbow appeared in his hand.
He pulled the bowstring and released the arrow!
"Pa pa!"
After the second acceleration, the arrow shot towards the Barbaric Bee King.
However, under the enormous gravitational force, the power of the arrow was greatly reduced. Before it could reach the Barbaric Bee King, its power was exhausted. The Barbaric Bee King used its thin front legs to lightly push the arrow away.
Luo Zheng's resistance probably angered the Barbaric Bee King. Perhaps it realized that the two prey in front of it still had the intention to resist, so it raised its tail and shot out three stingers!
"Dodge!"
Luo Zheng lowered his body and saw that the majestic man beside him was still crying. He swept his leg and knocked him to the ground!
"Pop pop pop!"
The three sharp needles nailed into the rock wall behind them and the rock wall began to melt.
Luo Zheng lay on the ground and took the opportunity to nock another arrow. With a shake of the bowstring, the sharp arrow flew out again!
There was still no effect. However, Luo Zheng knew that if he did not counterattack, the Barbaric Bee King would probably directly pounce on him.
As expected.
Under Luo Zheng's continuous attacks, the Barbaric Bee King stopped moving forward. After pushing away Luo Zheng's arrows, the Barbaric Bee King raised its tail again!
"Sou sou sou!"
Another three sharp needles flew over!
Although Lie Yu was extremely depressed, he did not want to die. He crawled up at the same time as Luo Zheng and began to dodge the sharp needles!
"You want to use up the sharp needles on the Barbaric Bee King's tail?" Lie Yu seemed to have seen a glimmer of hope.
The sharp needles on the Barbaric Bee King's tail were like a bush of grass. There were about fifty to sixty of them. While they were chasing, they had already shot out a portion of them. Now, they seemed to have lessened a lot.
If they could really use up the sharp needles on the Barbaric Bee King's tail, they might have a chance to survive.
However, just as Lie Yu finished speaking, he saw the Barbaric Bee King shake its tail. Long Barbaric Bee Needles grew out from its tail. They seemed to be even denser than before …
"Of, of course I didn't say anything …" The glimmer of hope that had just been ignited in Lie Yu's eyes was immediately extinguished.
Luo Zheng also frowned. He did have this idea, but it seemed that this idea was too naive. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill behind his back. When he turned around to look, his face immediately revealed a strange expression!
"Quickly look!" He reminded Lie Yu.
Lie Yu turned around and looked. His face immediately revealed an expression of great joy.
The rock wall behind them was the end of the path. Just now, the Barbaric Bee King had shot three needles at it. The silver rock wall had been corroded quite a bit. At this moment, a fist-sized hole had been corroded!
This hole was so deep that one could not see the bottom. There was even a slight breeze blowing in …
"So this rock wall is so thin!"
Lie Yu was pleasantly surprised. He smashed his fist into another part of the rock wall, hoping to rely on his brute force to break through the rock wall.
However, this silver rock was too hard. Even if it was just a thin piece, it was not something that they could break. If it were the Thunder Toad, it would be more likely!
Luo Zheng shook his head. He could only sigh that this guy was too stupid. Then, he silently nocked an arrow on his longbow.
"Get ready to dodge." Luo Zheng's voice fell and he released the bowstring in his hand.
Naturally, he didn't expect the arrow to kill the Barbaric Bee King. What he needed to do now was to lure the Barbaric Bee King to shoot out more stingers. If the stingers could melt the rock wall behind them, they would have a chance!
Fortunately, Lie Yu's brain was not very good. The Barbaric Bee King was even worse. Once it was attacked, it would immediately counterattack. This was almost an instinct of the Barbaric Bee King!

Chapter 1494
The Barbaric Bee King maintained a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
If the Barbaric Bee King got any closer, it would be difficult for Luo Zheng to avoid it …
"Pop pop pop!"
Three more Barbaric Bee Needles shot into the rock wall behind them.
This unimaginably hard silver rock was boiling and flowing like water. One could imagine how strong the corrosive power of the Barbaric Bee Needles was.
Previously, there was already a fist-sized hole in the rock wall. As the corrosion continued, the hole grew bigger and bigger!
Soon, a hole the size of a human head appeared. Of course, this was measured in terms of the size of a human head.
"I can go over now." Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly.
Generally speaking, as long as the head could fit through the gap, there would be no problem with the body. However, the big guy next to him might have a problem. This guy's head was almost twice the size of Luo Zheng's.
Lie Yu probably thought of the same thing as Luo Zheng. His face trembled slightly. He was naturally afraid that Luo Zheng would leave him here alone to face the Barbaric Bee King.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't go in alone. Instead, he continued to lure the Barbaric Bee King to shoot its needles!
The Barbaric Bee King shook out the Barbaric Bee Sting on its tail as it crawled towards the two people. The two people deliberately moved back and forth near the small hole, luring the Barbaric Bee Sting to shoot into the stone walls around the small hole.
Now, it was a matter of luck. After all, they couldn't control the Barbaric Bee King's accuracy. Sometimes, the needles were too accurate and directly entered the small hole.
However, as the needles shot over, more and more of the rock wall behind them melted. In the end, a large hole was melted!
At this moment, the Barbaric Bee King increased its speed and rushed over. The speed of the needles on its tail also increased. The two of them found it more and more difficult to dodge. Lie Yu was especially huge. There were a few times when the Barbaric Bee Needles almost brushed past his body. He was lucky to be able to hold on for so long.
At this moment, the two of them didn't hesitate and went into the large hole …
Previously, when the Barbaric Bee Needles shot into the hole, they didn't hear the slightest echo. The two of them knew that the back of the hole was definitely empty. The moment they entered, the two of them began to fall rapidly. As they fell, Luo Zheng could even see two Barbaric Bee Needles flashing above his head.
"That Savage Bee King won't chase after us, right?"
Luo Zheng looked back worriedly, only to see the Barbaric Bee King stick out its huge eyes from the hole. In the end, the Barbaric Bee King shrank back!
Under such a strong gravitational force, if the distance was too long, even if it was Luo Zheng, he would most likely be smashed into pieces.
Realizing this problem, Luo Zheng turned his body and observed the distance below.
But as soon as he turned his body, he saw a black dot constantly flying below. Although he didn't know what it was, Luo Zheng subconsciously wanted to avoid it.
Unfortunately, as he was unable to fly, Luo Zheng had no way of dodging. In the end, both he and Lie Yu crashed into it, passing through the cluster of black dots. Only now did he realize that the black dots were actually bugs the size of fingertips. However, they did not pose much of a threat.
It was pitch-black below them, and they couldn't see the bottom …
Fortunately, they didn't fall for long before the two of them landed on a slope. They rolled down the slope, and the force of their fall became weaker and weaker. The slope became gentler and gentler, and the speed at which the two of them rolled became slower and slower.
After rolling to the bottom, the two finally stabilized their bodies.
However, at this moment, Lie Yu was extremely excited. He jumped up from the ground and began to check his body.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
"It's a Horseshoe Beetle! Bad luck! We just bumped into a Horseshoe Beetle! "Lie Yu cried out.
"Horseshoe Beetle? What will happen? "Luo Zheng asked again.
The panic on Lie Yu's face became even more obvious. He was even more frightened than when he encountered the Barbaric Bee King. "This thing will lay eggs on the warrior's skin, then burrow into the body to hatch!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng immediately frowned. After raising his arm, he saw some small black dots on his arm. These black dots were only the size of sesame seeds. They were the eggs of the Horseshoe Beetle, but they had already burrowed into his skin.
Being burrowed into the body by insects was not a pleasant thing.
However, these small insects should be very weak. How could they burrow into the body? Luo Zheng did not believe it. He suddenly circulated his True Essence and was about to force these small black dots out.
Unexpectedly, it would have been better if he didn't circulate his True Essence. As soon as he did, the small black dots began to burrow into his body!
Luo Zheng suddenly jumped in fright and hurriedly dispersed his true essence.
"What should we do?" Luo Zheng asked.
Although Lie Yu was not very smart, he was still a member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. Since he recognized the Horseshoe Beetle, the Collapsing Mountain Clan should have a solution.
"We can only use poison," Lie Yu replied.
This kind of Horseshoe Beetle was not rare in the Sacred Spring Mountain. It even existed in the territory of the Collapsing Mountain Clan. After being bitten by this Horseshoe Beetle, its eggs would be attached to the body. It was indeed very troublesome.
In the beginning, the people of the Mountain Crushing Race could only wait for the little insects to hatch and then pick them out bit by bit. However, this method would leave them half dead even if they didn't die. Even if they recovered, they would be covered in scars.
Later, the people of the Collapsing Mountain Clan discovered that this Horseshoe Beetle was afraid of a kind of poison. If this poison was taken, it could completely kill the Horseshoe Beetle eggs under the skin!
However, this poison was extremely toxic. Lie Yu took out a small purple bottle from the belt around his waist. "This is the poison of the Horseshoe Beetle. It can drive away these Horseshoe Beetle eggs."
After saying this, he opened the small bottle and took a small sip. Then he glanced at Luo Zheng. This guy had saved his life.
Now that he was not so hostile towards Luo Zheng, he continued, "This poison of the Horseshoe Beetle is very powerful. The body of an ordinary ancient martial art practitioner would not be able to withstand it … I don't dare to drink too much. I can only suppress these small insects. How much you can drink is up to you."
If it was an adult member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, he could drink this poison of the Horseshoe Beetle in one gulp and directly force the Horseshoe Beetle eggs out of his body. However, Lie Yu had just become an adult. Although the physique of a member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan was much stronger than that of an ordinary ancient martial art practitioner, he did not dare to drink so much in one gulp.
This small sip could only suppress these Horseshoe Beetle eggs. He would think of a solution when he returned to the Collapsing Mountain Clan.
In his opinion, as a human, Luo Zheng would not be able to withstand this poison of the Horseshoe Beetle. Even a small sip would be enough to take his life.
Seeing Lie Yu's worried expression, Luo Zheng smiled and directly reached out to take the small bottle from Lie Yu's hand. This small bottle was very small in the thick hands of a member of the Collapsing Mountain Clan, but in Luo Zheng's hands, it was like a wine jug.
He took the jug of poison and gulped it down. Perhaps Luo Zheng's strength was not outstanding now, and his strength was not particularly outstanding in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, but he was not afraid of this kind of poison.
"You, you will die …" Lie Yu's mouth was wide open when he saw Luo Zheng drink so much in one gulp. "Actually, these Horseshoe Beetles are not fatal. You can just use a knife to pick them out …"
Luo Zheng wiped the corner of his mouth and threw the small bottle to Lie Yu. He smiled and said, "This little bit of poison won't be much of a problem!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Horseshoe Beetle's poison began to spread along Luo Zheng's meridians. The Horseshoe Beetle's eggs that had entered Luo Zheng's flesh seemed to be inexplicably afraid of Luo Zheng, and they kept burrowing out from the bottom of his skin …
However, after most of the Horseshoe Beetle's eggs crawled out, they fell down like grains of rice. The Horseshoe Beetle's poison was the bane of these Horseshoe Beetle's eggs. Just a little bit of it would cause them to die.
From beginning to end, Lie Yu stared at Luo Zheng without moving. After realizing that Luo Zheng was not afraid of the Horseshoe Beetle's poison, he believed Luo Zheng's words. It seemed that there would not be much of a problem.
Therefore, in Lie Yu's impression, besides not being afraid of fire, Luo Zheng was also immune to poison …
After cleaning up the Horseshoe Beetle's eggs, the two of them began to size up their surroundings.
As they raised their heads, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. He saw that there was a little bit of Rainbow Spring Water hidden in the strange rocks on the mountain wall. There were actually quite a few sources of power there!
Thinking about the characteristics of the source of power that kept flowing in reverse, Luo Zheng guessed that the source of power must have been "caught" by the strange rocks after it was reversed, so it did not fall to the ceiling.
Then, above them …
Luo Zheng subconsciously raised his head to look, and his entire body suddenly froze!
Lie Yu also noticed Luo Zheng's strange behavior and also raised his head to look. His tall and sturdy body suddenly trembled.

Chapter 1495
"I … I've never heard of a river at the bottom of the Sacred Spring Mountain!"
Lie Yu muttered.
As far as the outside world knew, the Mountain Crumbling Tribe was known as a holy land for cultivation because of its source of power.
The rare source of power was described as a spring because there was not much of it to begin with. It was just that there was a source of power gushing out rare source of power.
Hence, this mountain was called the Sacred Spring Mountain because of its source of power.
After entering the Sacred Spring Mountain, all sorts of caves extended downwards like capillaries. If one searched carefully, they would eventually find something.
After so many years, the Mountain Crumbling Tribe had almost finished researching the internal structure of the Sacred Spring Mountain. Although the paths here were complicated, they still had a map. However, other than the elders of the tribe, it was not open to the members of the Mountain Crumbling Tribe who were participating in the coming of age ceremony, let alone outsiders.
In fact, Lei Toad had wanted to give a portion of the map to Luo Zheng. After all, there were several places marked on the map that could allow Luo Zheng to find more source of power.
However, this plan was rejected by the elders of the tribe. If the map was leaked, it would be a hidden danger to the Mountain Crumbling Tribe. How much source of power Luo Zheng could obtain would still depend on his own abilities.
The Mountain Crumbling Tribe knew about the Sacred Spring Mountain but they did not know everything about it. Up until now, they only knew that there was a spring mouth underground and all the source of power should be from there!
The source of power had a very interesting characteristic. It looked like flowing water and would flow downwards. However, it would often flow in the opposite direction, completely ignoring the existence of gravity and "climbing" upwards. Hence, the source of power that was supposed to be deep underground would appear at the top of the Sacred Spring Mountain. Occasionally, it would even overflow from the top of the mountain.
In fact, the chaotic energy around the Mountain Crumbling Tribe had a lot to do with the source of power.
Before today, no one knew that there was a river inside the Sacred Spring Mountain! If news of this were to spread, the Sacred Spring Mountain would probably have to change its name to the "Sacred River Mountain".
Even Luo Zheng was unusually excited when he saw this scene. Previously, when he was being chased by the Barbaric Bee King, he had actually used the Barbaric Bee King to open up a new path!
The two of them stared blankly at the seven-colored river above them. Only after the time it took for an incense stick to burn did they finally calm down.
The biggest problem had appeared. Just like before, Luo Zheng had discovered quite a number of energy essences along the way. However, in the end, Luo Zheng had only obtained one drop of energy essences. The others could be seen but not touched.
How many sources of energy were there in this rainbow river? However, the source of the energy was still hanging high up in the air. Looking at the distance, it was probably two to three thousand feet. Without being able to fly, they would definitely not be able to climb up!
At this time, Lie Yu was more clear-headed than Luo Zheng. He could not get the energy source above his head, but there was still a lot around him …
Thus, he quietly walked to the side and began to devour the energy source in the cracks of the stones.
However, Lie Yu had just swallowed a few drops when he saw Luo Zheng look over and awkwardly smiled, "There's still a lot here. Let's share it first."
The amount of energy source in the cracks of the stones around them was not a small amount. As long as they could devour it, it would be enough to match the harvest of this trip to the Sacred Spring Mountain. In fact, many cultivators who entered this place would only obtain a few dozen drops of energy source. If they were unlucky, they might only obtain a few drops. It was even possible for them to return empty-handed.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that there was a lot of energy source in the cracks of the stones, but since he had come here and seen this river, he had a vague idea in his heart.
What he needed to devour was not just a few hundred drops of energy source. His goal on this trip to the Sacred Spring Mountain was to obtain this river of energy source!
However, every time he swallowed a drop of this energy source, his strength would increase by a bit. Luo Zheng did not mind devouring the energy source here …
Thus, just like Lie Yu, Luo Zheng began to collect the energy source in the cracks of the stones.
These energy sources were hanging upside down in the cracks of the stones. Luo Zheng reached out his hand and pulled them out drop by drop, swallowing them as if he was swallowing dew.
The extremely pure energy source almost instantly fused with Luo Zheng's body, causing his strength to increase at an extremely fast rate …
Luo Zheng and Lie Yu took one side each, picking the energy source along the cracks of the stones.
The crack was at least two to three miles long, and the energy essence scattered within was naturally devoured by the two of them without leaving a single drop behind.
As they continued forward, the stone walls on both sides became smooth. Naturally, they could no longer hide any energy source.
At this moment, Lie Yu stretched his body. As his bones crisscrossed, they emitted a series of crackling sounds like firecrackers. This was a sign that energy was surging within his body.
The physical body could not bear an unlimited amount of energy. Devouring too much energy source was not necessarily a good thing. After devouring so much energy source, Lie Yu was nearing the limit of his physical body.
Luo Zheng also moved his body slightly, but he did not have such a reaction. His strength might be about the same as Lie Yu's, or even slightly weaker, but the hardness of his physical body was far beyond Lie Yu's. He could still devour even more energy source.
"Should we continue forward?" Lie Yu asked.
He was lucky to have followed Luo Zheng. The harvest this time had far exceeded his expectations.
"Do we still have a way back?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
Lie Yu stared blankly for a moment before placing his thick hand on his forehead. The joy that had been brought about by the growth of his strength had completely disappeared …
If they wanted to go back, they had to climb back to the hole they had fallen into. Not to mention that they did not have the ability to climb back up, the Barbaric Bee King was still guarding the hole. If they went back the way they came, it would not bode well for them.
"Then what should we do?" Lie Yu asked.
Luo Zheng said indifferently, "We can only go forward."
According to Luo Zheng's guess, their current situation was not optimistic.
Because they had broken through a cave, they had discovered a brand new path. This path had never been explored before.
Although there were many caves in the Sacred Spring Mountain, they were all connected to each other. They had not found this path after so many years, nor had they found the river that was the source of the energy source. This could only mean one thing: this path, or rather this cave, was not connected to any other path!
The only place that was connected was the hole created by the Barbaric Bee King's corrosion …
Luo Zheng could not think of a way to leave for the time being. The only thing they could do now was to keep moving forward.
As they moved forward along the flat path, the river above their heads became wider and wider. At first, the edges of the river were very irregular. It should have been formed naturally, but as they walked, something was wrong.
The edges of the river above their heads gradually formed a straight line, like a man-made canal. Although nature was uncanny, it was impossible for it to form such a river. It must have been deliberately created by an intelligent life.
In addition to the regular river above their heads, Luo Zheng's feet also became regular. The silver mountain walls on both sides became smoother and smoother, almost identical to the shape of the river above their heads!
"The intelligent life that created this river knew that the source of the energy source would reverse, so they created two canals above and below the cave … I wonder what the purpose of this is?"
Luo Zheng analyzed as he walked.
Not long after, the path ahead suddenly opened up. A huge circular pit appeared below their feet. As for the seven-colored river above their heads, it formed a waterfall.
Ordinary waterfalls flowed straight down from the top, but the waterfall above their heads flowed straight up from the bottom. It was the complete opposite.
This scene was not out of Luo Zheng's expectations. Luo Zheng had seen this completely reversed characteristic several times, but the waterfall that flowed straight up converged in a circular lake at the top of the cave!
In front of Luo Zheng and Lie Yu, there was naturally an identical circular lake, but the lake below was empty. After all, only when the source of the energy reversed would the source of the energy in the lake above their heads fall into the lake below …
The two of them stood in the middle of the empty lake and observed it for a while. However, they discovered something gray that was constantly jumping around in the middle of the lake. As for what it was exactly, the two of them could not see it clearly. However, the things that appeared in this damned place were too bizarre. Neither Luo Zheng nor Lie Yu had any intention of entering the lake. Curiosity was important, but their lives were more important.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1496
At this point, the surrounding scenery had undergone a fundamental change.
The first part of the journey was still a primitive cave, which was completely formed naturally. Now, whether it was the lake in front of them or the flat mountain wall, it was obvious that they were man-made.
In the empty lake below, there was a gray thing that kept circling around.
Vigilant, Luo Zheng and Lie Yu moved forward along the edge. In any case, there was no way back. He wanted to see what was at the end of the lake.
This man-made lake was not large, only about two or three li in length. At the end of the lake, the flat mountain wall began to shrink, finally forming a slender passageway.
After moving across the edge of the lake, the two of them discovered that the passageway was bottomless. It was actually a dead end!
Luo Zheng and Lie Yu looked at each other. Lie Yu took a brown wooden stick from his body and gently waved it in the air. The end of the wooden stick burst into flames.
Then, Lie Yu threw the wooden stick down.
The two of them watched as the flames in their field of vision became smaller and smaller, only disappearing after a long time.
Lie Yu's face revealed a gloomy expression. "It's too deep down."
Previously, they had fallen from above and were close to this man-made lake, so they were already very deep under the Sacred Spring Mountain. If they continued to fall, who knew where they would fall? Moreover, with such a strong gravitational force, it would be difficult to keep their lives.
"It seems that this is also a dead end." Lie Yu sighed. The thing he had been worried about had finally come true. He was afraid that they would be trapped here until they died.
"There's a way," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Where's the way?" Lie Yu hurriedly asked.
Luo Zheng raised his head and pointed upwards.
The passageway in front of them was a fault, but there was another passageway above it. However, this passageway was embedded in the ceiling.
"This …" Lie Yu also discovered that the other passageway was indeed connected to the one below them. The problem was that they could not walk on this path.
If they could fly, they would not have to waste so much effort.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed into slits. In the end, he turned around and looked at the lake behind them.
Reversal …
After Luo Zheng entered the Sacred Spring Mountain, he discovered that the source of power had undergone a reversal.
Furthermore, this reversal should have been carried out by all the energy sources at the same time. Thus, there was clearly some mechanism within the Sacred Spring Mountain that could control the energy sources to reverse this process.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw that the road in front of him was actually hanging directly from the ceiling. He was more confident in his judgment!
This inexplicable road in front of them was definitely designed for people to pass through. The gravity here was so great that if a martial artist couldn't fly, they could only rely on the reversal of gravity to pass through.
Then the mechanism should be here?
There was nothing in the artificial lake behind him except for the gray thing. Was this thing the key to the gravitational reversal?
Lie Yu leaned against the wall. He had already lost his temper. He had gotten lucky this time and had obtained quite a bit of the Origin of Power. With his gains, it would not be difficult for him to rank first in this coming of age ceremony.
The problem was that he had to return alive. Otherwise, everything would be for naught.
When he saw that Luo Zheng was still trying to think of a way, he smiled faintly. This human fellow was quite resilient. He did not seem to be discouraged at all.
"It's useless. The terrain here is not complicated. We have not seen any forks along the way. Unless you want to jump down … If there is no other way, we will jump down and try our luck!" Although Lie Yu said this, he knew in his heart that jumping into that bottomless abyss would not bode well for them.
Luo Zheng did not answer Lie Yu's words. Instead, he walked towards the artificial lake.
"What are you doing?" Lie Yu was shocked. Only the center of the artificial lake had that gray thing. He could not tell what it was. In any case, no one in the Mountain-Crushing Tribe had mentioned it. Perhaps even the Prophet did not know what it was …
However, the source of power in the Sacred Spring Mountain had nurtured many terrifying creatures. The Mountain-Crushing Tribe's people had been warned not to provoke any of the strange beasts in the Sacred Spring Mountain!
"You will be sending yourself to death if you go down!" Lie Yu continued. He was afraid that if Luo Zheng died, wouldn't he be in an even worse situation?
Luo Zheng did not pay attention to Lie Yu's words.
If there was a way out, he would take it step by step and look for the greatest opportunity. If there was no other way out, he could only choose to take risks. This was Luo Zheng's way of doing things.
"Pu!"
With a leap, Luo Zheng jumped into the artificial lake.
The artificial lake was only three meters deep. After jumping in, Luo Zheng walked directly towards the gray thing. The closer he got, the clearer the gray thing became.
Not long after, Luo Zheng discovered that the gray thing was many thin wisps of smoke. The wisps of smoke were constantly floating and rotating around a sphere.
As he got closer, Luo Zheng could barely make out that the center of the smoke was actually a round Eight Trigrams Sphere!
At this moment, Lie Yu had also jumped into the artificial lake. He could not really watch Luo Zheng die … However, as Luo Zheng got closer and closer, the gray thing did not attack Luo Zheng. This gave Lie Yu a glimmer of hope. Could the problem really be here?
However, with Lie Yu's brain, he really could not think of a way out of here.
The closer he got to the Eight Trigrams Sphere, the slower Luo Zheng's footsteps became, and the more cautious his movements became.
If there was some powerful mechanism here, Luo Zheng would not have much room to resist!
Ten meters …
Fifty meters …
Thirty meters …
Ten meters …
Finally, Luo Zheng walked into the gray mist.
Before entering the mist, Luo Zheng had already held his breath. Although he was not afraid of poison, he was still afraid of accidents. He could only be fully prepared.
"It's okay." Luo Zheng's eyes became more and more excited. Perhaps his guess was correct. This thing should be related to the reversal of gravity!
Then, Luo Zheng grabbed the Eight Trigrams Sphere in the center!
This Eight Trigrams Sphere was like a piece of fired porcelain. Its surface was very smooth, and it was heavy in his hand.
Luo Zheng held it with one hand and carefully examined the Eight Trigrams Sphere. There were two holes on the sphere, one black and one white, and there was a gap in the center following the pattern of the Eight Trigrams.
After observing it for a while, Luo Zheng still could not figure out what was going on.
He tried to use his blood to recognize it as its master, and then used his perception to immerse the Eight Trigrams Sphere, but there was no reaction.
After trying several methods, Luo Zheng suddenly grabbed the top of the Eight Trigrams Sphere and twisted it.
"Crack!"
He actually twisted the Eight Trigrams Sphere, and the black part and the white part were reversed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a roar in his ears. Then, he saw the power of the lake above his head directly pour down!
At this moment, Lie Yu also walked into the gray fog. He wanted to warn Luo Zheng not to touch that thing casually. If he accidentally triggered something, they would really be finished.
However, before he could say anything, Luo Zheng had already twisted it open …
"Hualala …"
Even if a basin of water was poured down, it would cause a great disturbance, let alone a lake of power of the lake.
After changing the gravitational force, the power of the lake directly fell from the artificial lake above to the artificial lake below, instantly drowning Luo Zheng and Lie Yu!
Lie Yu was really stunned at this moment. This was the power of the lake, and it was the power of the entire lake! He got it so easily?
The power of the lake fell from the sky and kept surging in the artificial lake below. After a while, Luo Zheng and Lie Yu floated up from the bottom of the lake.
"I … I'm going to absorb all of this power of the lake! Hahaha! " Lie Yu was so happy that he was about to go crazy. Not to mention absorbing the power of the lake, just absorbing a small part of it would make him, Lie Yu, qualified to be the leader of the Mountain-Crushing Clan in the future!
In the past, Lie Yu had never thought that he would have such a day, but now he was almost certain.
The only thing that made Lie Yu depressed was that after absorbing a small part of the power of the lake, he could no longer absorb it …
Although Lie Yu's physical body was far stronger than the warriors of other clans, there was still an upper limit. Under the crazy absorption of the power of the lake, his physical body quickly reached a state of saturation.

Chapter 1497
Luo Zheng's body was much stronger than other cultivators of the same level, but there was a limit to how much it could hold.
Luo Zheng continued to absorb this power source, filling his bones, muscles, organs, and spine.
This increase in power gave Luo Zheng a marvelous experience. His entire body was stretched taut, as if he had an inexhaustible supply of power. An intense feeling of abundance washed over him.
As he continued to absorb, this feeling of abundance disappeared, replaced by a feeling of fullness!
This feeling meant that the absorption of the Origin Energy had almost reached its limit.
When Luo Zheng had borrowed the power of the dragon scales, he'd encountered the same problem. His body hadn't been strong enough to withstand this power.
If he forcibly absorbed this power source, Luo Zheng's body would easily disintegrate!
Luo Zheng hadn't even absorbed a ten-thousandth of the power source in the lake before him. He was extremely depressed. He was like a person who'd entered a mountain of treasures empty-handed, only to find that there were so many treasures that he could only take a small portion of them.
"This power source is enough to break through to the eighth level of Dao Platform. Don't waste such a good opportunity …"
A faint voice transmitted from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind.
It was Qinglong's voice.
After the nine true dragons had been awakened, they'd remained silent in his mind, not even responding. But now, Qinglong had spoken.
Perhaps they really didn't want him to waste this opportunity …
Luo Zheng hadn't gone far on the path of body refinement. Back then, Luo Zheng had only forged a single Dao Platform, and he'd used the jade bones of a Cloud Chasing Lion to do so.
Since Qinglong had spoken, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest.
Perhaps the nine true dragons had other plans, but in the end, Luo Zheng chose to believe in them.
When this power was channeled into Luo Zheng's glabella, the Dao Platform forged from the Cloud Chasing Lion's jade bones was unexpectedly washed away in an instant …
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng was taken aback. He hadn't expected this to happen.
While he was hesitating, a forthright smile appeared in the depths of his mind. It was the crimson dragon's voice. "Since Big Brother has spoken, as the seventh brother, I will naturally take action! To Luo Zheng, this is indeed an extraordinary opportunity. If we miss it, we'll miss out on too much! "
After the Red Dragon's voice was heard, a mental power was transmitted from Luo Zheng's mind. It was a complicated veined pattern.
"Luo Zheng brat, use this to guide the energy source. This energy source is extremely pure, without any impurities. Naturally, it will be countless times better than the jade bones of the Cloud Chasing Lion! The Dao Platform forged from this is not something that the Cloud Chasing Lion can compare to … "
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and immediately did as the crimson dragon said.
Soon, a vortex appeared on Luo Zheng's hands, feet, head, chest, back, and dantian!
After the vortex appeared, it began to madly absorb the energy source!
Previously, Luo Zheng had absorbed tens of thousands of drops of energy source. But at this moment, the energy source absorbed by the eight vortexes was almost equal to Luo Zheng's body!
But the amount of energy source around Luo Zheng was still too much. Such a large lake contained more than tens of millions of drops of energy source. Hundreds of millions of drops?
He had absorbed hundreds of thousands of drops of energy source, but it had no effect on this place …
Just as Luo Zheng was absorbing, within the eight vortexes, Dao Platforms flashed with a seven-colored luster and began to appear.
The eight Dao Platforms of Body Cultivators were often of different shapes. But most of them were milky white in color. This was because most Body Cultivators forged their Dao Platforms with various rare jade bones as the foundation.
This kind of energy source could not possibly exist in the ordinary universe. Even if it did, it would not be in such an astonishing amount.
Even if it were a Body Cultivator from another race that entered the Mountain Collapsing Race, it would be impossible for them to find such an enormous amount of energy source. For example, Han Liusu's older brother had obtained a considerable amount of energy source. But compared to Luo Zheng, it was on a completely different level!
To put it bluntly, Luo Zheng was desperately squandering energy. He was using the energy source to forge the eight Dao Platforms, creating the most solid foundation.
This sort of treatment … was extremely rare in the Realm of the Gods.
Perhaps only the direct descendants of Saints would be able to make a Saint extract the energy source from the universe they had created.
Moreover, to a Saint, energy source was an extremely precious existence. To extract the energy from a Saint's body and make a Saint make such a decision was not an easy matter.
As for why the master of the Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement was willing to take out his own energy source and share it with so many other living beings, this had always been a mystery.
Dazzling seven-colored Dao Platforms were completed. In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Luo Zheng had walked the path that many Body Cultivators would take in their entire lives. Moreover, his Dao Platforms were the purest of Dao Platforms. They were in a perfect state, without the slightest crack or flaw!
Finally …
Eight Dao Platforms were forged.
Those vortexes also gradually dissipated, stopping absorbing the energy source.
"The eighth layer of Dao Platforms has been forged. Now you can break through to nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier!" The crimson dragon's voice was heard again.
Luo Zheng's eyes were still tightly shut.
Following the patterns transmitted by the crimson dragon, Luo Zheng continued to absorb the energy source.
After this energy source was absorbed, it began to circulate towards Luo Zheng's Dantian.
Nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier was the ultimate path for Body Cultivators.
To construct nine stars in one's own inner world …
The inner world constructed by ordinary martial artists did not have stars because they were not Saints. The inner world was not complete!
Body Cultivators, on the other hand, constructed nine stars in their Dantian. Under the chain of nine stars, energy could naturally multiply endlessly.
"Isn't it too early for Luo Zheng to construct nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier now?" a green True Dragon asked in his mind.
Since ancient times, cultivation had always been focused on one path!
No matter if it was the lower realm, the higher realm, or the Realm of the Gods, dual cultivators of energy and body were extremely rare.
Furthermore, dual cultivators were destined to not go far on the path of martial arts.
However, this was only for ordinary martial artists!
In reality, if the numerous True Gods in the Realm of the Gods wanted to pursue the path of Saints, they would not only dual cultivate, but also triple cultivate!
These triple cultivation were divided into Essence, Qi, and Spirit.
Spirit was for refining the soul, Essence was for cultivation, and Qi was for refining the body!
Only martial artists who cultivated Essence, Qi, and Spirit to the extreme would have the qualifications to construct a true inner world, a universe placed at the edge of the Realm of the Gods, a real world.
Luo Zheng was now only an ultimate Divine Tier martial artist. Strictly speaking, the inner world of an ultimate Divine Tier martial artist could not bear nine stars!
The instant the energy source surged into the inner world, it would cause Luo Zheng's weak inner world to explode, and the outcome would be very tragic!
This was also the problem that the fourth Green Dragon was worried about.
"No … Luo Zheng's inner world is admittedly weak, but it is no longer an inner world in the ordinary sense. It is a true inner world!" The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon opened his mouth to speak.
They had a panoramic view of Luo Zheng's every move. Previously, Luo Zheng had taken out a small, lively fish from his inner world. This was still vivid in their minds.
At that time, the nine True Dragons' faces were brimming with astonishment.
At that time, they had already understood that Luo Zheng's inner world already had the same characteristics as a Saint. His inner world was constructed from chaotic Qi, and this had already surpassed the scope of the True Dragons' understanding.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng was now a "Minor Saint", and he was even more powerful than a Saint in one aspect.
The inner worlds constructed by Saints were formed from True Essence, and were limited by the Heavenly Dao. If a creature within wanted to transcend, they had to comprehend the Divine Dao. Only then would they have the qualifications to cross the Heavenly Dao and enter the Realm of the Gods.
Luo Zheng's inner world was of an even higher level. It was formed from chaotic Qi, and it was not limited by the Heavenly Dao. All creatures could directly leave his inner world!
From this point of view, this was not an inner world in the ordinary sense, nor was it a universe in the ordinary sense. This was a Realm of the Gods, a miniature Realm of the Gods!
The nine True Dragons had their own reasons for choosing Luo Zheng. They hoped to return to their original positions, and they hoped to guide Luo Zheng to find the truth. They hoped that Luo Zheng would help them take revenge.
This was why the Exalted Tool Refining Method was used on Luo Zheng, and it created his unique body.

Chapter 1499
"He's finally stopped …"
The Mountain Crushing Clan's Lie Yu stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. He really couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng had managed to absorb so much of the energy source.
A quarter of the energy source in such a large lake had been absorbed by Luo Zheng!
After stopping his absorption, Luo Zheng finally opened his eyes. A faint smile appeared on his face as he swam out of the lake.
"You, how did you absorb so much of the energy source …" Lie Yu asked in a daze.
Luo Zheng blinked, "I drank it all."
"Isn't that nonsense …" Lie Yu whispered. The problem was that he had to be able to drink it all!
As Luo Zheng reversed the energy source, the energy source in the countless caves within the Sacred Spring Mountain also began to reverse. The energy source that was originally out of reach began to reverse.
As for the characteristics of the energy source, the Mountain Crushing Clan had guarded it for so many years and had already done considerable research on it.
In the eyes of the Mountain Crushing Clan, this energy source seemed to have a life of its own. After a period of time, it would reverse. The energy source that was originally accumulated in the various caves would flow upwards not long after the Sacred Spring Mountain opened, once again accumulating at the top of the cave. It would even continue to flow upwards along the top of the cave.
Therefore, the majority of martial artists that entered the Sacred Spring Mountain were able to obtain a relatively small amount of energy source.
This reversal would often occur after a martial artist had entered the cave … there were a few martial artists that were able to grab a portion of the energy source before it reversed.
This time, because Luo Zheng had accidentally opened up an undiscovered path, he had found the key item that could reverse the energy source, which was the Eight Trigrams Ball in Luo Zheng's hand.
Therefore, at this moment, in every corner of the Sacred Spring Mountain, the vast majority of martial artists had expressions of wild joy on their faces!
In a slender cave, the energy source had formed a stream that slowly flowed above. Three foreign martial artists were walking together, but they could only stare at the energy source above their heads, unable to touch it.
They paid more attention to the stone walls around the cave, hoping to find a few drops of energy source embedded in them.
At this moment, the gravitational force of the energy source suddenly reversed. The energy source at the top of the cave suddenly fell down like raindrops, dripping down, almost driving the three foreign martial artists crazy.
This scene played out in almost the entire interior of the Sacred Spring Temple. Other than Luo Zheng and Lie Yu, no one knew why this was happening. This year was destined to be a bountiful year for the Mountain Crushing Clan.
Luo Zheng left the lake with the Eight Trigrams Ball. Looking at the energy source in front of him, he was somewhat reluctant to part with it.
Now that his Inner World and body had reached their limits, they could no longer bear this Source of Strength, but in the future, he still had a great need for it …
However, Luo Zheng immediately put an end to this thought.
To be able to obtain such an opportunity to increase one's own strength was already the fortune of three lifetimes.
If this energy source really was the Saint's own strength, taking it all away would be too greedy.
Many times, one had to know when to stop. Excessive greed would often bring about devastating consequences. This Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement was so strange. The Saint who had constructed this Forbidden Land of Divine Refinement was so generous that he had even given his own energy source to all living beings. This was something that did not conform to logic.
"But … how do we leave?"
After absorbing the Power Origin, Lie Yu looked at his surroundings and returned to his original question.
Luo Zheng did not pay attention to Lie Yu's words. He held the Eight Trigrams Ball in his hand and sized it up.
Previously, he had twisted the white portion downwards, causing all the energy source to overturn and pour down. Now, he grabbed the black portion and twisted it in another direction.
"Kacha!"
The moment the Eight Trigrams Ball twisted, Luo Zheng felt the gravitational force of the entire Sacred Spring Mountain reverse.
However, it was not the energy source that had reversed, but all the living beings in the Sacred Spring Mountain!
"F * ck!"
Lie Yu cursed. He felt the world spin around him as his entire body fell towards the ceiling. His reaction was extremely quick. The moment he 'fell' onto the ceiling, he suddenly twisted his body so that his entire body hit the ceiling horizontally. For better or worse, he did not let his head hit the ceiling.
Luo Zheng seemed to have been prepared for this. His body twisted in midair and his feet stepped on the ceiling …
At this moment, the two of them were like bats hanging upside down on the ceiling. However, for them, they were standing upright because their own gravitational force had been changed.
The two of them were still in a good situation …
At the same time, all the martial artists in the Sacred Spring Mountain had reversed. There were also many powerful beings that lived in the Sacred Spring Mountain. They were all hanging from the ceiling of the various caves.
"What happened!?"
"The gravitational force of this place suddenly reversed!"
"F * ck, I almost fell to my death!"
These martial artists were able to obtain a large amount of energy source. After all, it was Luo Zheng's kindness. However, at this moment, they had suffered a great loss at the hands of Luo Zheng.
"Now do you know how to leave?" Luo Zheng said to Lie Yu with a smile.
Since the Eight Trigrams Ball could change the gravitational force, and the narrow passage ahead was constructed in such a strange manner, Luo Zheng had already made some guesses. Only by changing their own gravitational force could they pass through that passage.
"Get ready." Luo Zheng's voice fell as he twisted the Eight Trigrams Ball in his hand again. As a result, he and Lie Yu fell from the ceiling again.
This time, Luo Zheng landed safely. However, because Luo Zheng had acted so suddenly, Lie Yu once again tragically fell from the top to the bottom. Fortunately, he had thick skin. Otherwise, under such a strong gravitational force, falling from such a height was no laughing matter.
"Can you not be so sudden?!" Lie Yu angrily shouted behind Luo Zheng.
"I'll remind you." Luo Zheng walked forward with the Eight Trigrams Ball in his hand.
"You …"
Under Luo Zheng's guidance, the two quickly arrived at the narrow passage again. The world beyond the end of the passage was absolute darkness, except for the passage hanging upside down above their heads.
"Get ready."
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, Lie Yu's whole body tensed up, as if he was facing a great enemy.
Seeing Lie Yu's appearance, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "Don't be so nervous. It's very dangerous here. I'll be careful …"
Lie Yu had already done a test before. This place was bottomless. Who knew where they would fall?
When the two of them were as close to the edge of the passage as possible, Luo Zheng twisted the Eight Trigrams Ball in his hand again.
"Kacha!"
The gravitational force reversed.
Luo Zheng and Lie Yu took a step forward at the same time. In the void, the two of them did not fall downwards. Instead, they fell into the narrow passage above.
This time, the two of them landed safely and walked upside down on the passage.
After walking for about one or two li along the passage, the passage once again formed a fault, but another passage appeared below the two of them.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng changed the gravitational force again. The two of them fell from the passage above and stepped on the passage below …
This strange passage was like this. They had to rely on the Eight Trigrams Ball to constantly change the gravitational force, sometimes below, sometimes above.
After getting used to the changes in the gravitational force, the two of them were very relaxed.
But the other cultivators inside Sacred Spring Mountain were in a tragic situation …
Just as they realized what was going on, the gravitational force on their bodies suddenly changed direction and smashed into the ceiling of the cave. Not long after, the gravitational force changed direction again and smashed into the ceiling again. The constant up and down had completely confused them. Had the Sacred Spring Mountain gone mad?
All kinds of curses rose one after another, but they were powerless to change the direction of the gravitational force. They could only try their best to endure it.
However, there were a few cultivators who were smarter. After falling twice, they realized that this situation would repeat itself. They found a stone pillar and hugged it tightly, or stuck themselves in a crack. At least this way, they could avoid being thrown around like a shuttlecock.

Chapter 1500
Based on the path Luo Zheng had taken, they should be in the depths of the Sacred Spring Mountain.
According to Lie Yu, although the paths in the Sacred Spring Mountain were extremely complicated, most of them converged on the main path at the very bottom. If one followed the main path upwards, they would be able to leave the Sacred Spring Mountain and return to the Mountaincrumbling clan.
However, the cave that they had discovered was in a sealed environment, a place that no one had ever entered before.
The door in front of them was the only way out. Would they be able to leave this place?
However, Luo Zheng had already made up his mind. If this place was a dead end, he would return the way he had come!
He had absorbed so much energy source for no reason. The most powerful part of the Sacred Spring Mountain was the sturdy silver rocks. These rocks were extremely smooth and difficult to climb.
However, the situation was different now that Luo Zheng's strength had skyrocketed.
When they reached the stone door, Lie Yu took the lead and pressed his hands against the sides of the door.
"Ha!"
With a sudden burst of strength, the muscles all over his body bulged.
This energy source had transformed Lie Yu, and his strength had increased exponentially. However, the stone door in front of him still did not budge.
"Heh heh, I can't push it open." Lie Yu had pushed his strength to the limit. Seeing this, he could only give up. His gaze fell on Luo Zheng. Perhaps the situation was different now that Luo Zheng had absorbed so much energy source. A member of the Mountain-Crushing Tribe was always proud of his strength. Now that he was relying on an outsider, he could not help but feel embarrassed.
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent as he slowly approached the stone door.
After being tempered by the Mystical Fire in the Mountain-Crushing Tribe and absorbing the energy source, he had simultaneously created eight Dao Pillars and even opened the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Platform. To Luo Zheng, this was an earth-shattering transformation.
He slowly stretched out his hands and pressed them against the two stone doors.
This was different from borrowing the strength of a True Dragon …
This strength was more real. This strength was hidden in every part of his body. When he made a move, this strength would naturally erupt.
After all, other people's things were borrowed.
Only the things that belonged to him could be used with great ease!
"Open for me!"
He suddenly exerted strength in his arms!
This power suddenly dissipated, and a gentle breeze blew past!
"Shua!"
Lie Yu, who was about ten feet tall, immediately felt an intense pressure. He could not help but take two steps back!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already used all the strength in his body, but the door still didn't move.
Luo Zheng's physical body might contain several times more power than Lie Yu's, but this power was still not enough.
"Eight-level Dao Platform!"
The eight Dao Pillars on Luo Zheng's body began to flicker with colorful light!
That power was crazily emitted from the eight Dao Platforms, causing Luo Zheng's strength to double!
Luo Zheng's strength was already unimaginable when it burst out, but on top of that powerful foundation, it doubled …
"Rumble …"
The stone door in front of him made a dull rumbling sound, and a small crack appeared. In the end, it was pushed open by Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng continued to push, the stone door continued to rumble. After pushing it to a certain limit, Luo Zheng withdrew his arms. The crack on the stone door was large enough for two people to pass through.
"Amazing!"
Lie Yu's eyes flashed. The Mountain Crumbling Tribe had always respected those with great strength. The relationship between this tribe was very simple. Aside from the prophet who was rarely seen, the entire Mountain Crumbling Tribe was based on who had the greatest strength and who had the highest status. Even if an outsider came in, they would also have the opportunity to become the leader!
The world on the other side of the door was still dark, but Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and went in through the opened stone door.
However, the moment Luo Zheng entered the stone door, a strange force suddenly stuck to the eight trigrams ball beside Luo Zheng. The eight trigrams ball immediately flew out of his hand and flew in the direction the two of them had come from. After passing through this distance, it fell into the lake of the source of power with a "dong" sound.
Then, the eight trigrams ball twisted on its own. The power source in the lake floated up and "fell" into the lake at the top. The power source's gravitational force was once again reversed.
Clearly, someone did not want Luo Zheng to take away the eight trigrams ball.
Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. Fortunately, he did not use the spatial ring to take away the power source.
There must be a powerful being watching this place …
What he did not know was that even the hole that the Barbaric Queen Bee had corroded had been completely repaired.
Then, the stone door behind them began to slowly close. The two were once again immersed in darkness.
The left and right were still thick silver rocks. There was only one path in front of them. Lie Yu and Luo Zheng had the same thought. There were all kinds of strange things in this place. They should have been arranged by someone. That person might even be right beside them.
The two did not speak and continued forward. Unexpectedly, they had only taken a few steps when they felt a flash of light in front of them. It was as if they had passed through a tunnel and entered an extremely wide cave.
Behind them, there was a mountain of silver boulders.
They had been sent out by someone. The two came to this conclusion at the same time.
In contrast, Luo Zheng was even more shocked. He was originally sensitive to the Laws of Space, but when the light flashed just now, he could not see any fluctuations of the power of Laws.
This meant that the person who sent them out was very powerful. It was far beyond his imagination!
"Perhaps this is the master who constructed the Forbidden Land of God Refinement." Luo Zheng made such a guess for the time being.
He was even more curious about the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. What was the purpose of this master so generously giving away their source strength?
The six great cultivation Holy Lands all contained this master's source strength. If the life forms of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement swallowed this source strength, they would have to return it to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. It was just like how a martial artist from the universe could not cross the universe no matter how strong they were. In the end, if a martial artist was unable to cross the universe, they would return to dust, dust to dust. All good fortune and everything they obtained would be returned to the universe.
But when a foreign martial artist entered the Forbidden Land of God Refinement and took away their source strength, it was a true loss. This master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement was just too kind.
As he thought about this, Lie Yu looked around and revealed a happy expression, "This is the path at the bottom of Sacred Spring Mountain. This path extends from the deepest part of the underground to the exit!"
Just as he finished speaking, Lie Yu's expression turned ugly again, "But … our position seems to be too deep …" Finished speaking, he pointed ahead.
There was a path at the bottom of Sacred Spring Mountain that led directly to the exit, but the source strength here was extremely scarce. Most of the source strength gathered at the top of Sacred Spring Mountain, and there were even occasional sources of energy that overflowed from the peak of the mountain.
The reason for this situation was that the source of energy had its gravity reversed all year round. These sources of energy often flowed towards the top.
Generally speaking, the densely packed caves that led down from Sacred Spring Mountain would all converge at the middle of the path they were on, and they could continue upwards. However, Luo Zheng and Lie Yu had appeared at the end of this path, which was the very bottom of Sacred Spring Mountain.
There were many powerful mutated beasts here. The growth of these mutated beasts was more or less related to the source of energy.
"Those are Great Demon Badgers," Lie Yu reminded.
An ordinary badger was about the size of a kitten, but these Great Demon Badgers that were slowly approaching were comparable in size to a bull. Their large bodies did not hinder their agility. These creatures were not something Lie Yu could hunt right now. Generally, only adult members of the Collapsing Mountain Tribe would form a team to hunt these Great Demon Badgers.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had been worrying about where he could use his strength, so he was not afraid of these Great Demon Badgers. With a sudden stomp, he charged forward at an extremely fast speed!
The Great Demon Badgers had already regarded Luo Zheng and Lie Yu as prey, so they worked together to completely surround the two of them.
However, they did not expect that Luo Zheng would not have the slightest intention of escaping, and instead take the lead to charge towards them.
"Roar!"
One of the Great Demon Badgers let out a warning roar. Immediately, three of the Great Demon Badgers split into three groups, charging towards Luo Zheng.
These Great Demon Badgers were not stupid and knew how to work together to defend against the enemy.
If they encountered an ordinary cultivator, the three Great Demon Badgers would have a high chance of victory with their extraordinary strength and agility.