Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.20

Chapter 1901
The so-called "Transit of the Sun" was when a star appeared between the sun and the land, blocking a portion of the sun's light and casting a huge shadow.
Transit of the Sun was not uncommon in the divine territory.
However, the transit of the Sea of Time was rather special.
Every few years, a star would block the sun's light, forming a shadow that would cover the entire Sea of Time.
Every transit of the Sun would be a different star. The nine stars that appeared in front of the Blind Tribe's matriarch would rotate.
What people didn't know was that when the Sea of Time was blocked by the sun, it was also the time when the Sea of Time opened. The nine stars represented the nine different entrances to the Sea of Time.
All the large and small forbidden areas in the divine territory were constantly explored by the True Gods of the various aristocratic families.
As soon as the Shenwu coins were formed, they would be snatched away by the True Gods. In turn, the Shenwu coins became even more precious and the True Gods searched for them even more crazily. This created a vicious cycle.
However, the Sea of Time only opened on the day of the transit of the Sun.
Other times, no one would explore it. The Shenwu coins that slowly formed in this forbidden area would accumulate. To the True Gods of the aristocratic families, it was a huge treasure trove!
If possible, the aristocratic families hoped that on the day of the transit of the Sun, all the members of the floating islands would enter the Sea of Time and crazily collect Shenwu coins.
Unfortunately, the Blind Tribe set a strict rule — only the True Gods that they invited were qualified to participate in the transit of the Sun.
As for the rules of the Blind Tribe's invitation, it was still a mystery.
In general, it seemed that the stronger the person, the more likely they were to be invited. However, occasionally, some inconspicuous fellows from the floating islands would be invited.
In the beginning, the aristocratic families had continuously organized a group of True Gods to wait for the Blind Tribe's invitation on the day of the transit of the Sun. However, the Blind Tribe continued to invite them in their own way without any changes. In the end, the aristocratic families on the floating islands gave up. When the transit of the Sun arrived, if anyone was confident enough to be invited by the Blind Tribe, they would just have to wait in the Sea of Time.
The shadow cast by the Aqua Star quickly spread across the Sea of Time. It blocked the light from the Blind Tribe's island, the light from the floating islands, and the entire Sea of Time …
The entire Sea of Time was immersed in darkness.
Of course, this wasn't absolute darkness. The sun's scorching light could still penetrate the Aqua Star's dim light.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
When the sky darkened, the Blind Tribesmen lit up torches one after another. At the same time, they began to make rhythmic cries.
"Wah wah, wah wah..."
After the Celestial Water Star rose, all of the Blind Tribe members began to dance and perform their Blind Tribe's ritual.
The Blind Tribesmen were all incomparably devout. This was a festival that belonged only to them, but to outsiders, it was rather boring.
The saints and secondary saints were all resting with their eyes closed while the true gods were quietly making their preparations. The forbidden grounds of the Sea of Time were about to open up, and the amount of shenwu coins they had accumulated over the years was astonishing. They naturally had to make sufficient preparations for their cultivation arts.
"Mu Ning," Mu Xuerong suddenly called out.
Mu Ning turned her head and asked, "Sister, what's the matter?"
"After entering the forbidden area of the Sea of Time, I still have things to do. If you have time, keep an eye on that brat," Mu Xuerong said.
"Do we need to force him to take action?" Mu Ning asked.
"No need. You just need to pay attention." Mu Xuerong shook her head.
"Sister doesn't believe in Mu Ning's strength," Mu Ning said resentfully.
However, Mu Ning also knew that if that brat was really an anonymous person in the Arena of Gods, she was afraid that she would not be his opponent. After all, she had lost to him when she was still a Divine Warrior. Now, he had also advanced to become a true god.
Mu Xuerong then said seriously, "Sister doesn't need to believe in your strength. As long as I prove something, I will kill him in an instant."
"Kill?" Mu Ning was stunned.
Although she had lost to an anonymous person, there was not much enmity between them. There was no need to kill him, right?
Seeing Mu Ning's expression, Mu Xuerong smiled faintly. "There are some things that you don't need to know so clearly."
Mu Ning's face revealed a disappointed expression. She looked at Luo Zheng again, as if she felt that this fellow was not as simple as an anonymous person. After all, people who had spent so much effort to enter the Arena of Gods anonymously more or less hid some unspeakable secrets.
The Blind Tribe's dreary and boring ceremony was finally over …
Many of the True Gods present had excited expressions on their faces. Of course, there were also a small number of True Gods who did not know what the Festival of the Sun was about. They stood there stupidly, even wondering what they had come here for. For these individual True Gods, they thought that the only thing they had gained from this Festival of the Sun was that they had seen the elegance of the Saints of the various large families.
The white-clothed woman waved her hand lightly, and the "Aqua Star" in the center of the nine pagodas emitted a faint light. This light became stronger and stronger, and as it continued to shine, it emitted a dazzling blue light. Finally, it formed a strange passageway.
"Ah, isn't this the passageway to the forbidden area?"
A True God could not help but shout out in surprise.
This True God might have been the same as Luo Zheng, unintentionally invited by the Blind Tribe. He did not know what would happen next, so when he saw the entrance to the forbidden area suddenly appear, he could not help but shout out.
A True God beside him glared fiercely at him, probably thinking that he was making a fuss over nothing.
Instead, it was the Blind Tribe's matriarch who said gently, "That's right. Every Festival of the Sun will open the forbidden area. You can enter and explore on your own. You can also take away any opportunities you find."
A look of joy appeared on the True God's face. Previously, he had thought that the Festival of the Sun was rather boring. He did not know that so many people were still so fascinated by it. Now, he was naturally very happy.
After the azure passageway had completely stabilized, the Perfect True Gods present looked at each other.
"Whoosh!"
Mu Xuerong was the first to rush in.
Immediately after, the other Perfect True Gods of the large families flew in one by one, instantly entering the passageway.
Although it was not explicitly stated, the True Gods present still followed the rules and entered the passageway. Those with higher cultivation would always have priority.
The goal of these Perfect True Gods was not Shenwu Coins!
After the Perfect True Gods entered, they were followed by the upper True Gods, followed by the middle True Gods like Han Cangyan, and then the lower True Gods.
Han Liusu did not wait for Han Chuyue and the others. Although her back was facing Luo Zheng, she still quietly paid attention to Luo Zheng's movements. She kept looking at Han Chuyue, Han Biluo, and Luo Zheng, who knew what they were whispering to each other.
At this moment, she did not stop at all and rushed into the passageway alone.
"Ah! Big Sister went in alone! "Han Chuyue's mouth gaped.
"Let's go in too." Luo Zheng did not hesitate and walked into the passageway with Han Chuyue and Han Biluo.
This was Luo Zheng's first time entering the forbidden area of the Divine Realm.
According to his judgment, the forbidden area of the Divine Realm was a place that the True Gods imagined. It was a place created by the power of faith. He wondered what the forbidden area of the Sea of Time was like.

Chapter 1902
Because the Sea of Time hadn't been opened for a long time, a considerable amount of shenwu coins had accumulated within.
As soon as he stepped into the Forbidden Grounds, he was greeted by a mountain of Shenwu Coins at the entrance …
This was also due to the fact that there were nine paths leading into the forbidden grounds. The last time this path was opened was before the ninth Transit Festival. According to the Transit Festival that was held once every eight years, it had been seventy-two years since this path was opened. Naturally, the amount of Shenwu coins gathered on this path was astonishing.
Because everyone had just entered, the True Gods still maintained restraint. They only used their spatial rings to collect the treasures and did not fight over them.
Not far away, Han Liusu saw the shenwu coins and her eyes flashed. Then, a surge of 'force' surged out of her body. She waved her sleeves, "Collect!"
"Huff huff huff …"
A fierce wind swept up …
Under this gale, the shenwu coins on both sides of the path were swept up and fell into her sleeves.
Those True Gods who were picking up Shenwu Coins turned their heads and glared at him.
These True Gods had entered the Sea of Time for the shenwu coins, but there had to be some rules. If they all used their abilities like Han Liusu to collect the coins, they would probably start fighting on the spot.
"Little girl from Han Jia! I'm warning you, if you do this again, don't blame me for being rude, "a True God from Tang Family said coldly. He was an intermediate True God.
The other True Gods also glared at Han Liusu with unfriendly expressions.
Han Liusu's position in Han Jia was indeed special, but which of the True Gods who were invited were easy to deal with? Most of them were core disciples of wealthy families. Their status and birth weren't any worse than Han Liusu's.
Who knew that Han Liusu would sneer, "I'll just take these shenwu coins. What can you do about it?"
With that, Han Liusu waved her sleeves again. Gusts of wind swept up even more shenwu coins and sucked them into her sleeves …
Luo Zheng, Han Biluo, and Han Chuyue looked at each other helplessly.
Han Liusu didn't lack shenwu coins. With her background, she didn't have much need for them. She was clearly throwing a tantrum.
However, this was not Han Jia's floating island. How could these elites let her have her way?
Real God Tang's face turned cold. His body suddenly floated and he charged toward Han Liusu. At the same time, he clenched his right fist and the veins on the back of his fist instantly turned black. It was as though there was an extremely heavy weight moving around his fist.
"How dare you!"
"Stop! She is our Han Clan's eldest princess! "
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo ordered together.
"I don't care which family's princess you are. What's so great about Han Jia?" True God Tang didn't care at all. He even sped up.
This martial artist surnamed Tang was Tang Lun's new disciple. With Tang Lun's support, he did not place Han Liusu in his eyes.
Just as Martial Artist Tang was about to reach Han Liusu, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Han Liusu with unparalleled speed. This person was Leng Lin Yue.
"Tang Hu, it's just some Shenwu coins. There's a lot more along the way. There's no need to make a move here, is there?" Leng Linyue said calmly.
When Tang Hu saw that it was Leng Linyue, his expression softened slightly. "Since Brother Lin Yue said so, it's fine. She's clearly causing trouble! If she continues to cause trouble, don't blame me for being impolite! "After saying that, Tang Hu turned and left.
Leng Linyue turned around with a faint smile on his face. "Liusu, I'm afraid you've never been to the forbidden grounds before. There are many unwritten rules in the forbidden grounds. If everyone has a certain amount of Shenwu coins, they'll be divided according to the ratio. In this case, everyone should do their best to collect Shenwu coins. No one is allowed to use their god art to monopolize the coins."
The All Saints Hall was established in the Sea of Time to establish rules for the various wealthy families.
Some rules were written on the Governing Slate, but not all of the messy rules were written on it. After all, writing on the Governing Slate required a hefty price.
The disciples of the major clans were already familiar with the rules of distributing Shenwu coins. After all, it was already extremely dangerous to roam the forbidden grounds. If they were to fight over Shenwu coins, the disciples of the major clans would probably kill each other all day long. This was not something the major clans were willing to see.
Of course, such rules were usually established when the strength of the two parties was equal. Killing for Shenwu coins was not uncommon in the forbidden area.
Han Liusu had just seen a figure suddenly blocking her way. She was originally happy, but when she saw that it was Leng Linyue, she was disappointed. She looked back at Luo Zheng and saw that he was standing still. She was even more disappointed. She immediately put on a fake smile and said to Leng Linyue, "Thank you for the reminder. It's indeed my first time entering the forbidden area."
"If that's the case, just follow me. Even a level one or two Holy Land is full of danger and uncertainty. Many True Gods have died there. The Sea of Time is even more dangerous," Leng Lin Yue said gently.
"Mm." Han Liusu nodded.
Last time, Leng Linyue and Han Liusu had a huge conflict. When he returned to the Leng family, he was taught a good lesson by his father.
Leng Linyue was very curious about his father's attitude. In terms of strength, his father was no weaker than Emperor Han Qing. In terms of family background and overall strength, he left the Han family behind. Furthermore, the Han family and the Leng family were connected by marriage. Anyone with eyes could see that the Han family was sucking up to the Leng family.
Why was his father so nervous about this marriage?
With Leng Linyue's arrogant personality, he would not lower his head to a woman. However, under his father's repeated warnings, he could only go along with it.
However, at this time, Leng Linyue looked at Han Liusu's sweet smile and was very pleased with himself.
Luo Zheng stood in place, his face expressionless. Han Bi Luo and Han Liusu's jaws dropped. How much Han Liusu hated Leng Lin Yue, the two sisters knew best. Now that he had suddenly changed his attitude, the two of them couldn't adapt for a while.
"Big sister Liusu … what's wrong?" Han Biluo asked.
"It seems like he's doing this on purpose because he's angry with Luo Tianxing." Han Chuyue helplessly curled her lips.
The two sisters looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng expressionlessly walked forward. At the same time, he said, "Hurry up and collect the shenwu coins. Otherwise, they'll all be taken away."
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo followed behind Luo Zheng. However, the two sisters still carefully looked at Luo Zheng's back. They covered their mouths and muttered …
"Do you think Luo Tianxing has any thoughts?"
"Maybe he's jealous …"
"… …"
Although the two girls lowered their voices, how could they avoid Luo Zheng's sharp hearing?
He could only smile helplessly.
As for Mu Ning, who was further away, she carefully watched Luo Zheng while collecting the remaining Shenwu Coins.
She was a bit angry that Leng Linyue had suddenly interfered.
Mu Xuerong had ordered her to keep a close eye on Luo Zheng. Just now, Luo Zheng had clearly wanted to fight with Tang Hu. This was an excellent opportunity to observe Luo Zheng. As long as they forced Luo Zheng to make a move, he would eventually reveal a flaw …
"It's okay. The Sea of Time is filled with danger. There's still a chance." Mu Ning put all the shenwu coins in her spatial ring and followed after.
The interior of the Sea of Time forbidden area was also a strange and colorful world.
In this forbidden area, the laws of time seemed to be everywhere. In the soil beneath their feet, on the distant mountains, and in the surrounding trees, there were always colorful lights flashing. It was as if everything in this forbidden area relied on the power of time to exist …
Shenwu coins were scattered on both sides of the road leading to the Aqua Star. Many True Gods also stopped to collect them.
Naturally, Luo Zheng would not let go of this opportunity. Along the way, he had actually picked up three thousand Shenwu Coins. Even for a disciple of a wealthy family, three thousand Shenwu Coins was a huge sum. The True God who had picked up the most Shenwu Coins had probably accumulated over ten thousand Shenwu Coins along the way.
Moreover, those Perfect True Gods like Mu Xuerong, Han Tianxiao, and the others couldn't be bothered to pick up the Divine Martial Coins in this place. After entering the forbidden ground, they hurriedly flew away. It was obvious that they wanted to search for more important opportunities. It was no wonder that the various aristocratic families placed so much importance on the Ling Ri Sheng Assembly.
When the group reached the end of the road, a True God in front suddenly said, "Oh no, our luck isn't too good. This time, there's a group of time wraiths blocking the way. I'm afraid we're in trouble."

Chapter 1903
These humanoid creatures were like ghosts. Their figures were erratic, and the aura they emitted was not particularly strong.
"Ah, so unlucky …" Seeing these time wraiths, Han Chuyue curled her lips.
"What's wrong? These things don't seem very powerful, "Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
The aura emitted by the time wraiths was only equivalent to the strength of an ordinary evil spirit. Killing them was not difficult.
"The Time Wraiths are indeed not strong, but their main bodies are in another time and cannot be attacked. And once you are possessed by the Time Wraiths, they will drag you into a crack in time and tear you in half." Han Chuyue had prepared quite well for this trip to the Sea of Time forbidden area.
The reason why the Sea of Time was so terrifying was because of this.
The entire Sea of Time was made up of countless fragments of time. Each wave was a different space-time. If one fell into the Sea of Time, it was equivalent to one's body falling into a different time. Putting aside the scale of time, it was equivalent to one's body being cut apart by countless spatial cracks.
However, in this aspect, the laws of time were much more domineering than the spatial rifts. For example, Luo Zheng had been able to resist the cutting of the spatial rifts for a long time. Even though the spatial rifts in the divine territory were more powerful than those in the universe, they still could not be compared to the temporal rifts. This was because these so-called rifts did not truly exist as "rifts". Instead, they were separated by different times.
Fortunately, there were many experts in this group of True Gods. With so many peak True Gods and middle True Gods gathered, there would naturally be people who would think of a way. Luo Zheng was not in a hurry.
Including Han Cangyan, the group of True Gods discussed for a while. Then, there were True Gods who volunteered.
"Isn't it just a group of time wraiths? Time wraiths do not have intelligence. I will lead them away. "The one who spoke was a black-haired youth. He looked very young, but he was already an upper True God.
Upper True Gods could fly in the forbidden area, but this place was filled with strange traps. These upper True Gods did not dare to barge in like those Paragons.
Many True Gods were delighted when they heard the black-haired youth's words. It was naturally a good thing that someone could be the vanguard.
After the black-haired young man walked to the intersection, he took out a small bamboo flute from his bosom. He shook the flute lightly, and many golden objects fell out from the flute. They were actually six or seven golden humanoid puppets!
Just from the appearance of this humanoid puppet, there didn't seem to be anything special about it. However, after the black-haired young man made a mysterious gesture, an invisible force suddenly spread out. When everyone felt the powerful force, they all had the illusion that they were no longer in control of their own lives.
"Great Manipulation Technique?" Luo Zheng asked.
In the Arena of Gods, Luo Zheng had experienced a similar type of Force. However, the Force he had encountered was from a lower level True God, who was far less domineering than the black-haired youth.
Han Chuyue nodded, "He is the Fang Family's Fang Yin. He is addicted to making puppets and has already cultivated the Great Control Technique to a very deep realm. Those puppets of his are also very powerful, each puppet has the strength of a middle True God! It is said that he has a very special alchemy puppet that can even kill an upper True God. "
Some Divine Daos might seem very weak, but when cultivated to a very deep level, they would also have powerful aspects.
When those alchemy puppets were awakened by Fang Yin, they immediately blossomed with an extremely powerful aura. It was even more powerful than the aura of many middle True Gods! It was unknown whether these alchemy puppets had powerful souls hidden within them, or whether they were given such aura through other means.
"Go!"
The black-haired youth lightly pointed, and those alchemy puppets rushed towards the group of Time Wraiths.
"Clang clang clang …"
As these alchemy puppets ran, their bodies emitted the sound of metal colliding, creating a huge noise.
One of the alchemy puppets even waved its arm. As that arm rotated, it revealed a circular quiver. This quiver fiercely shot out golden arrows towards the Time Wraiths.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
These alchemy puppets quickly attracted the attention of the Time Wraiths.
"Weng …"
Everyone felt their eardrums tremble. This was the sound of the Time Wraiths shrieking. They floated and rushed towards these alchemy puppets.
Fang Yin's method of controlling these alchemy puppets with the "Great Control Technique" had already reached an unfathomable level. Those alchemy puppets were almost like Fang Yin's left and right arms. They were abnormally nimble.
Seeing that the alchemy puppets had attracted the attention of all the Time Wraiths, his eyes flashed slightly. He suddenly waved his hand, and the alchemy puppets quickly changed directions and rushed in another direction.
The nine paths of the Sea of Time's forbidden land converged at the place occupied by the Time Wraiths. Fang Yin simply led this group of Time Wraiths to another path. But during this process, one of the alchemy puppets slowed down a bit and was entangled by a Time Wraiths, causing that alchemy puppet to lose control.
That alchemy puppet circled around a few times before being cut apart from its head. It rapidly turned into uniform fragments before collapsing with a loud rumble. Fine pieces of metal scattered all over the ground.
Seeing this scene, many True Gods had unsightly expressions. Fang Yin's alchemy puppets were made of the toughest materials in the God Realm. Once they were entangled by the Time Wraiths, they wouldn't be able to withstand a single blow.
"Weng weng weng …"
Those Time Wraiths seemed to be extremely excited and kept chasing after the alchemy puppets. The path in front of everyone was unimpeded.
"Now is the time!" Fang Yin shouted, and at the same time, he also rushed out.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Apart from Fang Yin, the other True Gods also heard the news and moved at an extremely fast speed.
"Fortunately, Fang Yin is here. Otherwise, it wouldn't be easy to get rid of these Time Wraiths …" a True God at the front said with a smile.
But before he could finish his words, his face stiffened and he couldn't continue.
A large group of Time Wraiths appeared in front of the True Gods once again!
"How could there be so many!"
"The first layer of the Sea of Time can't be so dangerous …"
"Let's go back!"
Those who had the qualifications to enter the Sea of Time were almost all core disciples of the major clans. Almost all of them were the most outstanding existences on the floating islands.
Although the Sea of Time was dangerous, these dangers were still manageable. As long as they didn't enter the third layer of the Sea of Time, it would be fine.
Therefore, the Sage Emperors were willing to let their children and followers enter to gain experience. After all, other than Shenwu coins, they could also find some pretty good opportunities.
But this time, so many Time Wraiths had appeared in the forbidden area, catching the True Gods off guard.
Some True Gods chose to retreat …
However, those True Gods had just taken a few steps back when they saw another group of Time Wraiths appear behind them. These Time Wraiths that had been lured away by the alchemy puppets had already cut the alchemy puppets into pieces and were surrounding them once again. All the True Gods were trapped in a predicament with no way out.

Chapter 1904
Outside the Forbidden Grounds, the Sages noticed this scene and their expressions turned ugly.
After all, many of the True Gods in the forbidden land were the direct descendants of the Saints.
"What's going on with this forbidden area? Why are there so many Time Wraiths? "asked a Saint.
In the first level of the Sea of Time forbidden land, seven or eight Time Wraiths would be the limit. Now, a bunch of Time Wraiths had appeared.
The female leader of the Blind Tribe was wearing a mask, so no one could see her expression. She said, "This time, the difficulty of the Sea of Time has increased."
The master of the forbidden land could affect the difficulty of the forbidden land to a certain extent, but he couldn't control the entire forbidden land.
Since the birth of the Forbidden Lands in the God's Domain, the difficulty of all the Forbidden Lands had constantly increased and even expanded.
For example, the Soul Wilderness, a level six forbidden land, was located in the Godly Spirit Realm. In the beginning, the Soul Wilderness only occupied one-tenth of the Godly Spirit Realm. But every God Era, the Soul Wilderness would expand and eat a part of the Godly Spirit Realm.
As the Soul Desolation grew larger and larger, its expansion was also accelerating. Now that the Soul Desolation had already swallowed the entire Divine Soul Region, it was beginning to expand towards the surrounding Divine Dust Region and Sealed Mountain Region. The gods living in these two regions could only constantly migrate to avoid being swept into the Soul Desolation.
Aside from the Soul Wilderness, the Takeshi Spiral Forest and other forbidden lands were slowly but surely expanding. Even the Sea of Time was expanding day by day. Perhaps the Sea of Time's area was expanding by one foot per day, but sand accumulated to form a tower.
Therefore, some people in the Godly Spirit Realm predicted that the entire Godly Spirit Realm would be consumed by the forbidden lands sooner or later.
"Isn't the difficulty under your control?" asked another Saint.
The female leader shook her head. "No, it's different this time. It should be the birth of a faith treasure …"
"A faith treasure?"
"You mean a faith treasure has appeared in the Sea of Time again?"
"What level of faith supreme treasure is it?"
Hearing the Female Clan Leader's words, the Sages were shocked.
Even Dongfang Chunjun's eyes were shrouded in black and white mists. He was rather moved.
The most common weapon in the God Domain was the grandmist artifact artifact. Before the appearance of the chaos artifact artifact, the grandmist artifact artifact was the mainstream artifact artifact in the God Domain. Sabers, swords, axes, hammers, arrows, and even fans, teapots, jade pendants … the grandmist artifact was the grandmist artifact artifact.
After the appearance of Chaos Treasures, the status of Grandmist Treasures fell slightly. However, both treasures had their own advantages and disadvantages. Grandmist Treasures had the advantage of having a deep foundation, while Chaos Treasures could indirectly utilize powerful Chaos Energy.
But in front of the most precious treasures of faith, the treasures forged by these refiners were not even worth mentioning!
After Luo Zheng's inner world gave birth to the Forbidden Lands, he had deduced the origin of the Forbidden Lands of the Divine Realm on his own. The Forbidden Lands of the Divine Realm of the Divine Realm of the Divine Realm were formed from the imaginations of countless gods. In other words, they were formed from the power of faith.
It was the same with the treasures of faith. They were also weapons imagined by countless gods, and these treasures of faith often had special and powerful abilities.
However, there were also strong and weak faith treasures.
The True Gods in the Divine Realm would link their faith treasures to the level of the forbidden land.
Even the smallest and most common level 1 forbidden area could give birth to a level 1 forbidden area. However, only one level 1 forbidden area could give birth to a level 1 forbidden area. If a level 1 forbidden area gave birth to a level 1 forbidden area, the owner of this level 1 forbidden area would become the owner of this level 1 forbidden area.
It was the same for a level-2 forbidden area. It could only produce a level-2 faith true treasure, but it could also produce a level-1 faith true treasure.
Although not many people knew about the forbidden land in the Sea of Time, the concept of "time" was deeply ingrained in the hearts of almost every True God. When the concept of time appeared in their minds, it would invisibly turn into a trace of power of faith and gather in the forbidden land in the Sea of Time.
The Sea of Time Forbidden Land was on the same level as other Level 6 Forbidden Lands.
The forbidden area of the Sea of Time had already produced a level 6 faith treasure, which was the "Sword of Time of the Gods" owned by the female head of the Blind Tribe. After obtaining this sword, she also became the controller of the forbidden area of the Sea of Time.
A level 6 faith treasure was the most powerful existence. It could often affect the entire Divine Realm.
The forbidden area of the Sea of Time would not produce a second level 6 faith treasure. However, a level 4 or level 5 faith treasure might appear in a level 6 forbidden area. Perhaps these faith treasures did not have the ability to dominate all living things in the Divine Realm like the "Sword of Time of the Gods". However, they still had extremely terrifying magical powers.
These faith treasures were hard to obtain even for the Sages of the rich and powerful families.
For example, the Sage of the Qin Family had a level 1 faith treasure. It was obtained from the level 2 forbidden area "Sea of Time". That faith treasure was a blood-colored ruyi.
It was said that the Qin Family had spent a considerable amount of Shenwu coins to buy this faith treasure. The amount of Shenwu coins was enough to change two words on the Governing Slate.
However, a Level One Faith Supreme Treasure might have very powerful Divine Powers, but it was of no substantial help to the powerful existence of the Sage Realm. Therefore, the blood-colored ruyi was like an ornament that was worn by the Sage of the Qin Family. For a time, it became a joke in the Sacred Halls.
Just a level 1 faith treasure was enough to make the Sages pay so much attention to it. Naturally, it was because of the terrifying magical powers bestowed by the faith treasure.
When they heard the Matriarch's words, they naturally showed considerable interest.
The Matriarch shook her head. "I'm not sure. Maybe it's a level 3 or level 4 faith treasure."
"A level 4 faith treasure!"
"For the little guys, it's also a kind of experience. This forbidden area of the Sea of Time may be ten times more dangerous than before, but the opportunities are also a thousand times greater …"
"That's right …"
The Sages wanted to withdraw their direct descendants. The forbidden area of the Sea of Time was already quite dangerous. Now that there was a change in it, it was even more dangerous. Death might happen in the blink of an eye.
However, a truly great opportunity was always accompanied by great danger. These Sages might have a trace of spoiling their children, but they were more willing to let them seize the opportunity in front of them.
While the Sages were discussing outside, the True Gods in the forbidden area had indeed fallen into a great life and death crisis.
Under the encirclement of the densely packed Time Wraiths, there was almost no possibility of rushing out. Even Luo Zheng frowned.
If they were real living beings, they might have a chance. But these Resentful Spirits of Time were strange creatures that didn't even have a physical body. There was simply no way to fight them. The only thing they could do was run. But now, how could they run?
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo were both afraid. They couldn't help but lean against Luo Zheng. Han Biluo's soft body was even slightly trembling. She had never even been to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, so when had she ever imagined that she would one day face life and death? As for Han Chuyue, she had after all ventured into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. Compared to Han Biluo, she was a bit calmer.
The other True Gods were also abnormally ugly. If this situation wasn't handled well, none of the True Gods present would survive.
"I'll draw them away. You two take the chance to escape!" At this critical moment, an upper True God stepped forward.
An upper True God could fly. After drawing these Resentful Spirits of Time away, they had a chance to escape. But for him, it was also extremely dangerous!
This upper True God came from the War God Temple. His name was Zhan Ming.
At this moment, he stepped forward bravely. All the True Gods present revealed grateful expressions.
Even the War God Temple's Temple Master outside the forbidden area, one of the three Sages of the Xuan Yue family, Zhan Wuji, revealed a proud expression. He said, "Our War God Temple doesn't have a single scoundrel!"
At this moment, the Resentful Spirits of Time swarmed over.
At the same time, Zhan Ming roared. Surging battle power surged from his body, covering the sky and covering the earth as it rushed towards the Resentful Spirits of Time ahead!
"This battle intent … It's exactly the same as Zhan Beihai's divine ability. It's just stronger. This person also comes from the War God Temple." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. To be able to step forward at this time, this upper True God's courage was commendable.
Zhan Ming's earth-shattering battle intent successfully attracted the attention of most of the Resentful Spirits of Time ahead. Then, like a roc spreading its wings, he soared into the sky!
As the Resentful Spirits of Time chased after him, there was a path of survival in front of everyone.

Chapter 1905
"Charge out!"
Without any hesitation, the True Gods took a step forward and charged forward.
"Follow me!" Leng Lin Yue remained calm and said to Han Liusu behind him.
Han Liusu did not have much of an expression on her face as she rushed forward. However, she was worried about Han Chuyue and Han Biluo behind her so she would occasionally look back.
It turned out that Luo Zheng's group of three were originally at the back. The Time Wraiths behind them naturally targeted the True Gods at the very back!
"Weng …"
A Time Wraith floated over and its light body instantly wrapped around a middle True God.
"Ah! Ah! Save me! "
The middle True God let out a miserable shriek in an instant. His body began to sway involuntarily. Very quickly, a shallow mark appeared on the middle True God's head. His sturdy skull had been evenly sliced apart in an instant. Red and white objects shot out from the cut. It was a terrifying sight.
"Pu pu pu pu pu …"
As more and more scars appeared on the middle True God's body, more and more blood spurted out.
Seeing this scene, Han Biluo's face turned as white as paper. At this moment, she was also running with all her strength …
But at this moment …
An inferior True Divinity beside Han Bi Luo was slightly slower and was also entangled by a Time Resentment Spirit. This inferior True Divinity relied on his instincts to grab onto Han Bi Luo's hand!
"Ah!"
Han Biluo screamed and tried to break free from this True God's hand. However, she did not expect this lower True God's strength to be so great. She was unable to break free.
It was also because of this delay that three Time Wraiths charged towards Han Biluo.
"Biluo!"
"Biluo!"
Han Liusu's face was filled with anxiety as she turned and rushed towards Han Biluo.
Han Chuyue stood there in a daze, seemingly scared silly.
As for Han Biluo, her face was filled with fear as she looked at Luo Zheng. She was unable to accept the fact that she had fallen here!
"Sou!"
In the nick of time, Luo Zheng's figure flickered, and his finger gently pressed down on the arm of the lower True God. At the same time, an invisible force sliced towards the arm of the lower True God who was grabbing Han Bi Luo.
"Crack!"
The Lower True God's arm broke, and at the same time, Luo Zheng grabbed Han Bi Luo, clamping her petite body under his armpit. At the same time, he turned around and used the same method to clamp the scared silly Han Chuyue under his other armpit. Just like that, with each hand holding one, a huge force erupted from his feet.
"Whoosh …"
In order to escape for their lives, these True Divinities all burst forth with their fastest speed. But at this time, they felt a gust of wind blow past them. It was actually a lower True Divinity carrying two Proof Divinities. This speed caused these True Divinities to widen their eyes.
Han Liusu, who stayed in place, stared blankly at this scene until Luo Zheng rushed in front of her with her two sisters. She then heard Luo Zheng say with a smile, "Run, don't be in a daze!"
"None of your business!" Han Liusu subconsciously retorted. But thinking about it, she seemed to have overreacted. This fellow didn't care about her at all. He had only said a few words to remind her and then ran in front of her. An intense feeling of displeasure rose in her heart.
The speed of these wraiths was slightly faster than the True Divinities. The slower True Divinities suffered. As long as they were entangled by the Time Wraiths, there was almost no chance of survival.
Almost all the True Divinities, after hearing a mournful scream from behind, would subconsciously increase their speed …
While fleeing, Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast. Under the continuous eruption of energy, he maintained a sprinting posture. Not long after, he rushed to the front of the group.
"We're here! Ahead is the Time Temple! These Time Wraiths are unable to enter! "
A middle True Divinity in the group shouted.
A strangely shaped temple appeared in front of the crowd, and no one knew what it was.
Even True Divinities didn't have unlimited physical strength. Under this kind of burst of energy, many True Divinities had persevered to their limits, hovering between life and death. Hearing the words of the middle True Divinity, everyone's spirits suddenly rose!
"Quickly go in!"
"We can hide in the Time Temple for a while!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The True Divinities increased their speed again.
Although Luo Zheng was carrying a girl on each side, his expression didn't change at all. Instead, his speed became faster and faster. In the end, he was the first to rush into the Time Temple.
This scene even attracted the attention of the Sages outside the forbidden area.
"How can that Lower True Divinity have such endurance and speed? He's carrying two girls without blushing and can still rush to the front?" a quasi-sage from the Tang Family asked curiously.
Leng Linyue and Mu Xuerong might have guessed Luo Zheng's identity, but these Sages couldn't possibly pay attention to the matters of the floating island. Naturally, they didn't know …
The only one who knew the truth was probably Aunt Hanjiu.
She had a faint smile on her face as she gazed at Luo Zheng. In her heart, she was slightly worried.
Aunt Hanjiu didn't know that Luo Zheng would be invited by the Blind Tribe. If he revealed any flaws now, how would he escape from the Sages? Luo Zheng, this fellow, was quite daring …
As for Emperor Hanqing, he had a calm expression on his face as he stared at Luo Zheng. No one knew what he was thinking.
Many True Divinities rushed into the Time Temple. Apart from the Upper True Divinities, almost all the other True Divinities were paralyzed inside. Han Liusu was also constantly gasping for breath. At the same time, she circulated her power and tried her best to calm her state of mind.
After the last True Divinity rushed out, the Time Wraiths still rushed toward the Time Temple!
Han Biluo and Han Chuyue finally recovered. When they saw the densely packed Time Wraiths rushing toward them like a tide, their beautiful faces became nervous again. Their fingers couldn't help but pinch Luo Zheng's arm.
Buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz …
The moment these Time Wraiths rushed into the Time Temple, many True Divinities subconsciously screamed.
If they could really rush in, none of the True Divinities present would be spared. Many of these True Divinities entered the Sea of Time for the first time. Naturally, they were worried.
However, when these Time Wraiths arrived at the entrance of the Temple of Time, they were unable to take another step forward. They could only densely arrange themselves in front of the entrance, as if there was an invisible wall separating them from the outside. These things were indeed unable to enter the Temple of Time!
The True Divinities finally relaxed.
Just looking at the Time Wraiths crowded together, they looked like a bunch of insects. It looked very disgusting and made one's scalp tingle uncontrollably.
"Ah, this hand …" Han Biluo was so frightened that she almost couldn't feel anything. Now that she had recovered, she realized that Luo Zheng had cut off half of the Lower True Divinity's arm and was still holding on tightly to her.
"Don't move." Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently slapped the hand away from Han Biluo. Then, he kicked it to the side. At the same time, he stood up and looked around the Time Temple.
At this moment, everyone heard a shout coming from outside the Time Temple again. "Help! Chase those Time Wraiths away! I …"
Through these translucent Time Wraiths, everyone saw that not far away in mid-air, the Upper True Divinity Zhan Ming was still leading a group of Time Wraiths. At this time, there was a layer of Time Wraiths at the entrance of the Time Temple. Zhan Ming had no chance to rush in.
No matter what, Zhan Ming was willing to take a risk for everyone just now. Now, they couldn't just watch as he was dragged away by the Time Wraiths.

Chapter 1906
These elites also had their own pride. They had to repay the kindness they owed others.
However, in the face of the densely packed Time Wraiths, rushing out was suicide. Who would be willing to risk their lives?
"Fang Yin … Do you have any more puppets?" a True God asked.
Fang Yin had used the puppets in his hands to lure away a group of Time Wraiths. However, the puppets he sent out were all cut into pieces. They were all useless.
"Yes, but it's useless," Fang Yin said.
He did have a few powerful puppets. He even had a Taiyi gold puppet. This Taiyi gold puppet was much stronger than Fang Yin himself.
"That's right. These Time Wraiths are blocking the door. Even if there are puppets, it's useless," Han Cangyan said with a frown.
Fang Yin nodded.
If he drove the puppets out of the door, he would definitely be entangled by the Time Wraiths. The only result was that he would be cut into pieces and completely useless.
"Help!"
Zhan Ming was still circling in the air. The Time Wraiths behind him were like a swarm of angry wasps. They followed him tirelessly. As long as he was entangled by any of the Time Wraiths, he would definitely die. His life was hanging by a thread.
Many True Gods were very anxious when they saw this scene. However, they did not have any good ideas.
Even Zhan Wuji, who was outside the Sea of Time, frowned deeply when he saw this scene.
There were not many True Gods in the Temple of War. However, every one of them was an elite. Zhan Ming was Zhan Wuji's disciple. In the future, he would definitely have a chance to become a Perfected True God. Zhan Wuji definitely did not want to see him die in the Sea of Time!
At this moment, Luo Zheng walked toward the door of the Temple of Time. As he approached the door, there was a commotion among the Time Wraiths crowding the door.
Han Liusu saw his actions and looked worried. She wanted to stop him. However, she clenched her teeth and did not say anything.
"Luo Tianxing, don't get too close to those things," Han Biluo quickly said.
Luo Zheng was only two or three inches away from the nearest Time Wraiths. He immediately said, "These Time Wraiths seem to have only one method of attack. After entangling their target, they only use the power of the time crack to cut them …"
"The problem is that no one can block the cutting power of the time crack," Han Cangyan said, shaking his head.
"There's no need to block the cutting power. There are some things that they can't cut." Luo Zheng smiled.
The True Gods stared at Luo Zheng with puzzled expressions. Mu Ning's eyes also revealed a look of curiosity. She couldn't help but ask, "What can't be cut?"
"For example, a liquid like water," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Then, he tapped his spatial ring lightly, and a golden light appeared in front of him. It was the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Luan Statue …
Seeing this, Han Liusu, Han Biluo and the others were also surprised. This was one of the rewards from the Han Clan. It turned out that Han Liusu had taken a fancy to this Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Chariot. It was originally placed in Saint Emperor City, but it suddenly disappeared. They didn't expect it to be in Luo Zheng's hands.
They instantly understood the meaning of Luo Zheng's words.
Fang Yin's puppet was very complex, and after being cut, it would collapse.
However, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was different. Like the Heavenly Divination Physique, it could take on many forms. In reality, it was just a ball of flowing metal liquid!
Han Liusu and the others understood the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue, but the other True Gods were still puzzled.
Previously, Luo Zheng had used the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue as a temporary body for the Extreme Evil Old Man. Now, he could only make do with it. After taking out the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue, the Extreme Evil Old Man quietly returned to his mind.
Then, under Luo Zheng's control, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue suddenly pounced forward!
As soon as the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue rushed out of the Temple of Time, it was caught by one of the Time Wraiths. Luo Zheng immediately lost contact with the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue. He could only watch as the Time Wraiths dragged the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue up, then used the Temporal Rift to cut it open …
"Shua, shua, shua …"
Layer by layer, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was cut into pieces of uniformly thick gold. They fell to the ground with tinkling sounds.
Seeing this, everyone looked disappointed. They didn't know what Luo Zheng was doing.
"Hmph, this thing is just a piece of trash. What use is it?" Leng Linyue sneered. He didn't notice Han Liusu rolling her eyes at him behind him.
Not long after, the gold pieces began to soften slowly. They stuck to each other and became a whole again. Then, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue suddenly flipped over and rushed outside!
The Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was too close to the Time Wraiths. It didn't have time to increase its speed. After running less than ten feet, the Time Wraiths at the door rushed over again. In the blink of an eye, it was entangled by another Time Wraiths and was cut into pieces again …
But at this time, all the True Gods had a glimmer of hope. They already understood what the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was. Although the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue was very rare, similar magic treasures weren't particularly rare either. Using it now would naturally have a miraculous effect!
After the Time Wraiths cut the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue into pieces, they stuck to the door of the Temple of Time again.
Then, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue quietly merged back together again …
This time, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue pulled away from the Time Wraiths. When it flipped over again, it finally had a chance to rush out!
"Whoosh!"
The Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue turned into a golden stream of light and flew away. It immediately attracted the attention of the Time Wraiths.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Accompanied by an ear-piercing cry, the Time Wraiths that had been piling up in front of the door all followed the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue!
"Now! Quick! "
Luo Zheng, who was standing in front of the door, shouted towards the sky.
Zhan Ming had almost reached his limit. He was almost relying on his willpower to persist. His attention was also very lax.
Even when the Time Wraiths in front of the door of the Temple of Time left, he didn't notice!
With Luo Zheng's shout, Zhan Ming's spirit was suddenly lifted. His figure suddenly swayed, and then he swooped down toward the Temple of Time.
"Whoosh!"
Zhan Ming didn't fly over the last part of his journey. He almost smashed into the Temple of Time.
After rushing through the door of the Temple of Time, Luo Zheng quickly grabbed Zhan Ming and swung him up. After swinging him several times, he slowly slowed down and put him down.
At the same time, the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue in the distance was once again cut into uniform pieces. The Time Wraiths flew back again, and together with the group of Time Wraiths that followed Zhan Ming, they crowded at the door of the Temple of Time again.
Zhan Ming panted heavily, and his whole body sat on the ground as if he was weak. After a while, he squeezed out a few words from his mouth, "Thank you, brother!"
The people of the War God Temple had always been hot-tempered, and at the same time, they were also very loyal. Zhan Ming was naturally grateful to Luo Zheng from the bottom of his heart for being able to escape from death.
"It's what I should do. Besides, you were in such a dangerous situation to save everyone," Luo Zheng said lightly. With his own strength, Zhan Ming just had a chance to escape alone, but he sacrificed himself to lure a large number of Time Wraiths away. Not everyone had such a good temper.
Then Luo Zheng looked again at the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue in the distance. He didn't know if there was another back door in the Temple of Time. If there was only one door, they could use it when they wanted to go out later.
Outside the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, Endless War saw this scene and laughed loudly, "Good, good, good, which rich family does this kid come from? He has a bright future! When he comes to the War God Temple in the future, I, Endless War, will definitely reward him! "
"Indeed, this little guy has some tricks up his sleeve, but there is also a certain amount of luck involved. Otherwise, Zhan Ming would have died," another Sage said lightly.
Was this little guy's only trick up his sleeve just luck?

Chapter 1907
After bringing Zhan Ming safely into the Temple of Time, everyone was in the mood to look at the temple.
The Temple of Time was extremely magnificent. In the middle of the spacious hall stood a strange sculpture. The sculpture looked like a monster with spikes all over its body. It looked like a huge worm, but its head had a circular mouth. In its mouth were rows of sharp barbed teeth. It looked very ferocious.
"What kind of monster is this?" Luo Zheng looked at the statue curiously. He couldn't figure out why the Temple of Time would have such a strange statue.
Everything in the forbidden land was created by the power of faith, and the Temple of Time was the same. This monster in front of them had to be something that existed in legends.
Han Chu Yue stared at these strange insects and showed a disgusted expression. At the same time, she shook her head. Although she knew about the Blind Tribe, this was her first time entering the forbidden land of the Sea of Time. She was unfamiliar with this forbidden land.
When Zhan Ming heard this, he smiled and said, "This is a Time Source Worm. Legend has it that the passage of time is due to these worms devouring the past."
"If the past is swallowed by them, does that mean the past shouldn't exist?" Luo Zheng asked.
According to Han Chuyue's explanation, only the Blind Tribe's matriarch had the right to go back to the past. This meant the past was real. The matriarch could also change the past to a certain extent. She could kill the living beings of the past to affect the present.
Han Chuyue's explanation was contradictory to Luo Zheng's understanding.
In fact, when Han Chuyue told him about the Blind Tribe's matriarch's ability, he was very confused.
If the matriarch could really go back to the past and kill the Saint, then theoretically, all the clues of the Saint's past would disappear. Everything related to the Saint would change. For example, the Saint's children would disappear. The Saint's spouse wouldn't have any interaction with the Saint. They wouldn't even be able to build a floating island. This would have a profound impact on the future.
But according to Han Chuyue, after killing the Saint, only the Saint would disappear. All the traces he left behind would still exist. Logically speaking, this didn't make sense.
The mysteries of time were too deep, and even Han Chuyue was unable to explain it. She could only tell Luo Zheng what she understood.
"The Time Source Worm devouring the past is just a legend. The real Time Source Worm doesn't devour the past. On the contrary, they also live in time. They belong to the race of guardians of time. This race is quite powerful. Even Saints can't escape from them!" Zhan Ming said calmly.
"Saints will encounter these Time Source Worms?" The more Luo Zheng listened, the more confused he became. He looked at Han Chuyue and asked, "Didn't you say that because Matriarch obtained the Sword of Time, she could return to the past? Since the Genesis Bugs of this era exist in time, how could the Saints encounter them? "
Han Chuyue shrugged. She couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question. Although she had read about the Sea of Time and the forbidden grounds, she didn't know all the secrets within.
Who knew that Zhan Ming shook his head. "Time cracks are everywhere in the Sea of Time. With the Saints' ability, they have a way to find larger Time cracks. Using these Time cracks, they can also enter."
Every wave in the Sea of Time had infinite Time cracks. It was just that those Time cracks were very fragmented and naturally couldn't be passed through.
However, in such a vast sea of time, there would occasionally be relatively large and complete time rifts. Some of the time rifts were even over thirty meters wide. Although these time rifts often disappeared in the blink of an eye, with enough patience, one could still pass through them.
"I think you have mistaken the cause and effect relationship," Zhan Ming continued. "Because Matriarch has that sword, she can safely return to the past. But the other Saints can't return to the past even if they enter the Time cracks. Because the Saints can't pass through the obstruction of the race of guardians of time."
"So that's how it is."
Hearing Zhan Ming's explanation, Luo Zheng nodded. Although there were still many mysteries in his heart, he could be considered to have somewhat understood the context. It turned out that there was a race in time. The things involved were indeed much more complicated than he had imagined.
"Let's go. This Temple of Time is an opportunity that you can't miss. I've been there once and benefited a lot," Zhan Ming said with a slight smile.
Many True Gods had already bypassed this huge Time Bug statue and entered the corridor in the center of the main hall. On both sides of this corridor, there were arc-shaped arches. The arches were pitch-black. The True Gods didn't hesitate and quickly entered. At this time, different lights lit up from inside the arches.
"I know this place. This is the Time Chamber. It's said that anyone who enters it to cultivate can break through their bottleneck!" Han Chuyue rushed to say.
"It's so magical?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Zhan Ming stepped to the side and said at the same time, "It's indeed so magical. This Time Chamber can show you any period of history in the divine territory, and the things that happened during this period of time are exactly what you need. You can go in and try. This Time Chamber only works once for anyone, so there's no need for me to go in."
When Zhan Ming first entered the Temple of Time, he was only a middle True God and had encountered the biggest bottleneck in his life.
He was still unable to comprehend the "invincible fighting spirit" in the last three stages of the War God Path. After entering the Time Chamber, he actually returned to the ancient battlefield and met the first Ancient Enlightened Warrior who cultivated the War God Path. Moreover, he witnessed the Ancient Enlightened Warrior erupt with the "invincible fighting spirit" and the imposing manner of one against ten thousand!
Later, after Zhan Ming left the Temple of Time and returned to the War God Temple, he completely grasped the "invincible fighting spirit" seven days later. At the same time, he broke through the shackles of cultivation and became an upper True God.
After listening to Zhan Ming, Luo Zheng became more and more amazed. In other words, the Time Chamber could put you in a scene you needed to cultivate and comprehend.
This kind of magical place once again exceeded Luo Zheng's ability to understand. He didn't know how it was done.
Seeing more and more True Gods enter those arched doors, he also chose an arched door and stepped inside.
He didn't know what this Time Chamber would show him …
After others entered, they seemed to quickly sink into a certain period of time. However, Luo Zheng didn't react for a long time. It was still pitch-black.
After waiting like this for a long time, Luo Zheng noticed that strands of dark brown aura began to appear in this pitch-black space.
"Primal chaos aura?"
Luo Zheng didn't come back to his senses for a moment, his face full of a strange expression …
What did this slowly rotating primal chaos aura mean?

Chapter 1908
Luo Zheng stared at this mass of chaotic energy as it slowly rotated for a long time …
As it constantly rotated, the light in the Passage of Time chamber slowly turned bright, but the surroundings were still dusky.
"Is this the beginning of the Realm of the Gods?"
Luo Zheng was very curious about the origin of the Realm of the Gods.
Many True Divinities didn't think about the origin of the Realm of the Gods because they rarely looked outside of the Realm of the Gods.
But because Luo Zheng had created a "small Realm of the Gods" that was extremely similar to the Realm of the Gods, he had a faint guess in his heart. Was the Realm of the Gods created by some almighty being? Was it even possible that it was the "leapfrog life form" that Saint Jiu spoke of?
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the chaotic energy in this dusky space became increasingly dense. The speed of the spiral also became faster and faster. At the same time, all of the chaotic energy crazily condensed towards the center, finally forming a small "nucleus".
At this time, the faint phantom of an axe appeared.
"Axe?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
In the legends, the Good Fortune Axe was the one that split open the Realm of the Gods. But this legend appeared when the Realm of the Gods was first created. Moreover, the Good Fortune Axe shattered a few days after splitting open the Realm of the Gods. Because of this, this legend wasn't very convincing.
"Hu …"
A hand appeared in the darkness.
It was a pure white jade hand. From the fingertips to the palm, there weren't any wrinkles. The thickness of the fingers was just right.
After that hand grabbed the Good Fortune Axe, it fiercely chopped down at the "nucleus" …
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a thunderous sound, a blinding light bloomed. The light was so bright that Luo Zheng couldn't open his eyes. His eardrums buzzed and his heart thumped.
In the Passage of Time chamber, he had only seen the past, but it still gave him such a great shock. He could imagine how terrifying it was when the Good Fortune Axe split open the "nucleus".
When the light dimmed, Luo Zheng looked again. He discovered that the "nucleus" hadn't been split open. Only a small crack had appeared on its surface. The axe hadn't split open the "nucleus"!
Then, the jade hand once again waved the Good Fortune Axe, chopping down at the "nucleus".
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
It wasn't until the Good Fortune Axe chopped down a third time that there was a dull cracking sound. The 'core' had finally split open.
In an instant, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled …
All of the chaotic energy transformed into sticky raindrops that wreaked havoc in this world, turning it into an extremely vast world.
Seeing this vast world, Luo Zheng was absolutely certain that this was indeed the scene of the creation of the Divine Domain.
But what was the use of the Time Chamber showing him this scene?
When others entered the Time Chamber, they would be able to see a piece of history that could enlighten them. It was either the shackles of their techniques or the bottleneck of their cultivation. A certain piece of history would always be able to enlighten the True Divinities who entered.
But the scene in front of him didn't seem to have much effect on Luo Zheng …
After this world unfolded, it rapidly evolved in front of Luo Zheng at a dazzling speed.
After a long period of heavy rain, it turned into a sea. Continents rose from the sea and turned into mountains and rivers. Greenery appeared in the mountains and rivers and turned into forests. These evolutions were not too different from Luo Zheng's Inner World.
But after this world evolved to a certain extent, everything suddenly stopped.
At the same time, the chaotic seawater began to crazily boil …
Under the crazy boiling, all of the chaotic seawater evaporated in a few breaths of time and turned into a huge cloud.
At the same time, a golden sun appeared in the sea. After that dazzling sun appeared, it quickly rose into the sky.
Noticing the appearance of these clouds, Luo Zheng felt that they were very familiar. These clouds were somewhat similar to the Dao Accumulation clouds formed after he swallowed the mud, but the scene was far less massive.
"These aren't Dao Accumulation clouds, these are … Realm Clouds! How could they be Realm Clouds? "Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange expression.
The spreading clouds in front of him were very similar to the Realm Clouds formed when Luo Zheng became a Realm Lord. So when he saw this scene, he became even more confused.
When Luo Zheng became a Realm Lord in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Saint Jiu told him that the Realm Clouds he condensed contained the aura of the "Three Thousand Divine Daos General Outline". At that time, Luo Zheng didn't understand Saint Jiu's words. He didn't know what the "Three Thousand Divine Daos General Outline" was.
However, he firmly remembered the aura in the Realm Clouds. It was exactly the same as the aura in the clouds in front of him.
Just as he was feeling even more confused, a huge shadow of a pagoda was suddenly refracted from the clouds. At the top of the pagoda shadow was a human figure and a dragon figure.
"Roar!"
As the figure pulled out a sword, the dragon's shadow fused with his sword.
The human figure held the longsword and continuously danced in the clouds. Sword light shot out from the clouds in all directions of the Divine Realm.
"Primordial Sword Technique?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
When Luo Zheng fought against Hua Tianming in the Illusion Battlefield, the Primordial Sword Technique left a deep impression on him. At the same time, Luo Zheng also understood the essence of it. However, the Primordial Sword Technique was a pure sword technique. It wasn't particularly compatible with the Yi God Sword because the Emotion Severing Divine Dao pursued extreme power. Usually, it only had one move.
However, the Primordial Sword Technique that the human figure used was different from Hua Tianming's. Or rather, the Primordial Sword Technique was only a small part of the sword techniques that the human figure used.
Every sword he slashed out emitted a huge amount of power. The aura within the power was still the aura of the clouds …
"Sou!"
A sword light floated out. It flew over millions of miles and slashed at the edge of the Divine Realm. The edge of the Divine Realm was cut open like a piece of cloth.
The world began to expand.
One sword …
One hundred swords …
Ten thousand swords …
One hundred thousand swords …
A total of one hundred thousand swords. Under the continuous slashes, the Divine Realm had expanded countless times. Luo Zheng observed these hundred thousand swords from beginning to end.
"Huala …"
Not long after, a torrential rain fell from the Realm Cloud. This time, the raindrops weren't brown. Instead, they were pure and transparent ordinary raindrops. It was the same. The Divine Realm didn't have the true Primal Chaos Aura. This was quite different from Luo Zheng's Inner World.
The creatures in Luo Zheng's Inner World weren't afraid of the Primal Chaos Aura. Furthermore, the Primal Chaos Sea hadn't experienced this transformation process.
The human figure slowly dissipated. Luo Zheng closed his eyes. He recalled the human figure's sword technique in his mind.
That human figure slashed out one hundred thousand swords …
However, there were only thirteen sword moves …
"Any one of these thirteen sword moves is incomparably powerful. Moreover … there shouldn't be anyone in the Divine Realm who can use them. The aura contained within his sword moves is very heterogeneous. However, I can roughly sense that it's the Dao of several hundred Divine Daos entwined together!"
"The so-called Divine Dao General Outline is the fusion of three thousand Divine Daos. So this is the reason why father bestowed me with the Immeasurable Ruler!"
"Because only the Immeasurable Ruler can help me absorb the three thousand Divine Daos. This is also the most convenient and simple method. Even so, it's not easy to collect all three thousand Divine Daos!"

Chapter 1909
After the figure in the clouds slashed out 100,000 times, everything in the Secret Room of Time disappeared in front of Luo Zheng, and the Secret Room of Time returned to darkness.
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to leave the Secret Room of Time. Instead, he stood in the darkness and quietly savored it.
It wasn't possible to use the Immeasurable Ruler to absorb all 3,000 types of Divine Daos in a short period of time. Even if the figure slashed out 100,000 times, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to comprehend it properly, because he couldn't understand many of the Dao connotations.
This Secret Room of Time wasn't meant to teach Luo Zheng divine abilities, but to open up a path for him …
"This path is to fuse Divine Daos."
"Indeed, some people have fused two or even three types of Divine Daos together. However, that's only because they took the strong points of each Divine Daos and complemented each other. Many Divine Daos conflict with each other. Fusing hundreds of Divine Daos together is simply unheard of! Because there's no second person in the Divine Realm who has this ability! This Secret Room of Time is really magical. "
"Can I fuse them together?"
Luo Zheng had a total of 307 types of Divine Daos in his body, so he could give it a try.
With a slight thought, a steady stream of primal chaos energy was extracted from the sea of primal chaos and gathered on the scales of the godhead along with those rays of light. Soon, those scales began to emit a faint light, and the Dao connotations of various Divine Daos began to slowly dissipate.
Fledgling Flame Divine Dao …
Black Tortoise Divine Dao …
Purple Cloud Divine Dao …
Snow Imprint Divine Dao …
God Slaying Divine Dao …
Li Water Divine Dao …
…
…
Each scale only absorbed a small amount of primal chaos energy, so the Dao connotations produced weren't much.
The Dao connotations of these more than 300 types of Divine Daos were different. After they slowly intertwined with each other, their colors began to change constantly, and finally turned into a dark brown color similar to primal chaos energy!
"Very smooth! I wonder if it's effective … "
The process of fusing the Dao connotations was so smooth that it was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. After fusing these Divine Daos' Dao connotations, Luo Zheng quietly extracted them.
However, the moment these mixed Taoist Accumulations were drawn out, Luo Zheng immediately felt an extremely wild energy rush out of them.
This energy was so wild that after it rushed out of his Dantian, it was like a wild horse running amok in his body.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
A few muffled sounds came from Luo Zheng's body.
Soon after, a metallic taste came from his throat and he spat out a mouthful of blood. His body went limp and he fell to the ground.
"Are you alright?" Evil Old Man asked worriedly. He had no idea what Luo Zheng had done.
Just now, the Evil Old Man had been lurking in Luo Zheng's mind. When he heard Zhan Ming's words, he roughly knew what this Secret Room of Time was.
In the Divine Domain, there was also a type of "Epiphany Stone", which could allow a cultivator to enter the best state and obtain a trace of inspiration that was most suitable for them, thus allowing them to break through their realm. It was said that someone had developed a miraculous divine ability through the use of the "Epiphany Stone" because he had seen a trace of an illusory scene.
However, the Epiphany Stone couldn't be compared to the Time Chamber. In comparison, the Time Chamber was far too grand. It could directly create the most suitable period of time for you!
Evil Old Man had been guessing what kind of scene Luo Zheng would see, but he never expected to see the birth of the Divine Domain.
He knew about Luo Zheng's background and knew that he was an extraordinary existence. However, what kind of earth-shattering technique did this guy cultivate that required the birth of the Divine Domain to comprehend?
Seeing that Luo Zheng had indeed comprehended something, Evil Old Man was rather expectant. However, he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suffer internal injuries just as he made a move.
"I'm fine. Only my internal organs are shattered …"
Luo Zheng took out a snow-white elixir and swallowed it. He had taken this elixir from the alchemy room in case of an emergency. After swallowing it, he instantly felt a cooling sensation spread throughout his body. His internal organs began to recover rapidly.
Then, he clenched his teeth and slowly got up from the ground.
The idea given by the Time Chamber was indeed correct. However, he didn't expect the mixed Taoist Connotation to be so violent. He lost control of it before he could draw it out of his body.
"The amount of Divine Daos that figure could fuse was limited. Perhaps he avoided some of the conflicting Divine Daos. I didn't filter them and fused all of them together. The repelling force of the Dao is too strong, and the fused Dao is too violent. I can't control it!"
After failing once, Luo Zheng wasn't discouraged at all. He started experimenting again. A second time, a third time …
…
Many of the True Gods comprehended in the Time Chamber, and when they came out, they couldn't suppress the excitement on their faces.
Leng Linyue's face was full of pride. He stood at the door of the Time Chamber and waited. After a while, Han Liusu came out of the Time Chamber with a shocked expression. She seemed to have seen something unbelievable in the Time Chamber.
"Liusu, how do you feel?" Leng Linyue asked.
"Not bad," Han Liusu replied calmly.
"That's good!" Leng Linyue smiled, "I also have a great harvest. I feel like I can advance to upper True God at any time!"
"Oh," Han Liusu nodded and looked at the Time Chamber where Luo Zheng was.
Leng Linyue noticed Han Liusu's gaze and his eyes flashed with coldness.
Han Liusu had been quietly paying attention to that little brat all the way. Leng Linyue had always been paying attention to that little brat. However, how could the arrogant Leng Linyue tolerate such a thing?
After a few times, the killing intent in his heart grew heavier and heavier.
At this time, Luo Zheng also came out of the Time Chamber. Although his injuries had more or less recovered, his face was still slightly pale.
"Luo Tianxing, you came out!"
"You seem to be injured!"
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo immediately surrounded Luo Zheng after he came out.
"I'm fine. There were some problems with my cultivation," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"How could that be? The Time Chamber only gave you some enlightenment, "Han Biluo asked curiously.
Hearing the words of the two sisters, Han Liusu's eyes showed a trace of worry. Although it only flashed for a moment, Leng Linyue still caught it. He couldn't help sneering, "You overestimated yourself and thought you had some enlightenment. Of course there will be problems with your cultivation. Sooner or later, you will die from cultivation deviation."
Luo Zheng didn't say anything, but Han Chuyue couldn't help but ask, "What nonsense are you talking about?"
"I'm just telling the truth. To be able to injure yourself in the Time Chamber, you can be considered very talented, hehe," Leng Linyue said with a hollow laugh.
Luo Zheng just glanced at Leng Linyue indifferently and walked towards the Time Temple's door without saying a word.
Being ignored by Luo Zheng in front of Han Liusu made Leng Linyue feel even more uncomfortable. If it weren't for the fact that this place wasn't suitable for fighting, he probably couldn't wait to kill this guy.
The True Gods in the temple left the Time Chamber one after another and gathered in front of the door again.
Those Time Wraiths were still densely packed in front of the door. Zhan Ming, Fang Yin, and the other True Gods were discussing their next step.
"Think of a way to lure these Time Wraiths away. We have a chance to enter the second layer of the Time Sea," a True God suggested.
"But this time, the Time Sea is so dangerous. Just the first layer is so terrifying. Isn't going to the second layer seeking death? I say we should go back the way we came and leave the Time Sea forbidden area, "another True God said.
Some True Gods cherished their lives and naturally didn't want to take the risk.
But there were still some True Gods who were very persistent. One of them said, "This time, the forbidden area's difficulty has increased greatly. It definitely didn't become like this for no reason. In the past, the Time Sea forbidden area was very stable. Perhaps a great opportunity was born in the Time Sea."
In their opinion, as the master of the Time Sea forbidden area, the female patriarch couldn't casually change the difficulty when she invited them to participate. Now that so many Time Wraiths had appeared, it was very likely that a great opportunity was born.
Soon, the True Gods were divided into two groups. Because of this, there was even a quarrel.
"Don't quarrel. If we want to leave the Time Temple, we have to rely on Luo Tianxing," Zhan Ming turned to look at Luo Zheng and said.
Now, the Time Wraiths were still blocking the door. Everyone could only rely on the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue to lure the Time Wraiths away. Otherwise, no one could leave the Time Temple.

Chapter 1910
Dongfang Yang had swallowed a Jade Blood Golden Elixir before, which was very powerful.
Not to mention a middle True God, even a Peak True God's Blood Qi would be quickly replenished.
The Jade Blood Golden Elixir was constantly working in his body, replenishing his Blood Qi and keeping his Blood Qi vigorous at all times.
Therefore, the people in the canyon saw a very shocking scene …
Dongfang Yang was held up in midair, swaying left and right. Blood kept flowing out of his body. It was like bright red ink splashing all over the canyon. Many Real Gods tried to avoid it.
"Dongfang Yang is bleeding a lot …"
"His blood is almost dry, right?"
"Not necessarily. He just ate a Golden Elixir to replenish his Blood Qi. If it wasn't for that Golden Elixir, he would have become a dry corpse."
This scene left many people dumbfounded.
Mu Ning put her hands behind her back and looked at Luo Zheng with her round eyes. She was speechless, but a faint smile appeared on her sharp face.
Although she mainly cultivated the Killing God Dao, she didn't expect the Bloody Desolation Bite to be used like this. The Bloody Desolation Bite was not a good Magic, but it was usually used to restrict the opponent's escape. Now, the anonymous person was relying on the Bloody Desolation Bite to drain Dongfang Yang's blood.
Although the Jade Blood Golden Elixir was constantly replenishing his Blood Qi, more blood flowed out of Dongfang Yang's wounds, so the consumption was faster.
Soon, Dongfang Yang's face turned from red to pale, and soon, there was no color on his face.
He wanted to cut off the invisible vines under his feet, but the vines formed by the Long Vine Sword were firmly entwined around his lower body. If he wanted to cut off these invisible vines, he would have to destroy his body as well.
With his attainments in the Thick Earth Divine Dao, as Luo Zheng said, he was almost invincible. Moreover, he still had a few Magic Skills that he hadn't used yet. Now, he was lifted up in the air by Luo Zheng, but he had lost the chance to turn the tables.
More and more blood spurted out, and Dongfang Yang gradually felt weak. He looked panicked. If this continued, he would really die …
When the Sages outside the Sea of Time saw this unbelievable scene, they didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Dongfang Chunjun stared at Dongfang Yang for a while, then murmured, "Ning, stop him. Don't kill him. Otherwise, Dongfang Yang will really die."
Dongfang Ning had been told by Dongfang Chunjun not to participate in the fight between them.
Dongfang Ning wouldn't disobey Dongfang Chunjun's orders. Even if he saw his brother Dongfang Yang die, he wouldn't do anything.
Now that Dongfang Chunjun had spoken, Dongfang Ning nodded.
However, just as Dongfang Ning was about to make a move, Zhan Ming suddenly extended a hand and blocked his path. "You said you wouldn't make a move."
Zhan Ming looked very serious, and two blue balls of fighting spirit bloomed in his eyes. After all, Luo Zheng had saved his life. Zhan Ming couldn't watch Dongfang Ning bully the weak. If Dongfang Ning really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, he would definitely do it.
Dongfang Ning chuckled. He didn't care about Zhan Ming's attitude. "Don't worry. The old man has spoken. Both of them can't die. Our old man has the intention of taking in disciples. I wouldn't dare to kill that brat!"
After he finished speaking, his figure fluttered as he charged straight towards Luo Zheng.
Zhan Ming's face was uncertain. He didn't know whether Dongfang Ning was telling the truth or not, so he still followed behind him.
Luo Zheng was still controlling the Long Vine Sword. The soil under Dongfang Yang's feet swayed left and right in the air, and the blood kept splashing like ink.
"Whoosh …"
At that moment, he suddenly felt a gust of cold wind and almost subconsciously dodged to the side.
The speed of the newcomer was surprisingly fast. Luo Zheng had just turned over when he felt a hand tightly gripping his arm. At the same time, an extremely cold aura came from the hand. The aura rushed into his arm!
At that moment, Luo Zheng noticed that the person in front of him was Dongfang Yang's brother, Dongfang Ning.
"Stop. If you kill someone from the Dongfang family, you'll never be able to rise again," Dongfang Ning said calmly.
Dongfang Ning held Luo Zheng's arm, which bought him a chance to breathe. However, most of the blood in Dongfang Ning's body was gone. His meridians lacked Qi and blood, so they couldn't circulate smoothly. Even if he stood there lazily, he still couldn't break free from the Long Vine Sword.
"He stole my Shenwu coins and wants to kill me. He deserves to die," Luo Zheng said without changing his expression.
"But you can't kill him," Dongfang Ning said with a faint smile. He increased the strength in his hand, and the cold aura kept pouring into Luo Zheng's arm. Half of Luo Zheng's body was immediately frozen stiff.
"Whoosh …"
At that moment, a pure white flame suddenly floated out from Luo Zheng's arm. After the Ice Soul Devil Flame appeared, it quickly burned toward Dongfang Ning's hand.
"Ice Soul Devil Flame?"
Dongfang Ning's eyes showed a hint of surprise.
The Ice Soul Devil Flame was indeed a very powerful ability. Luo Zheng used the aura of chaos to drive it, so its power was also very terrifying.
An ordinary lower true god would find it difficult to resist the Ice Soul Devil Flame. An intermediate true god would also suffer if the Ice Soul Devil Flame touched them. However, Dongfang Ning was an upper true god. His eyes flashed slightly, and bits of white ice crystals escaped from his arm.
Those ice crystals turned into countless ice worms and swarmed toward Luo Zheng's Ice Soul Devil Flame.
The moment these ice worms touched the Ice Soul Devil Flame, the two different types of cold energy had a wonderful reaction. The ice worms actually quickly absorbed the cold energy in the Ice Soul Devil Flame!
After absorbing the Ice Soul Devil Flame, the ice worms, which were originally as small as toothpicks, quickly expanded. After absorbing a certain amount, they rolled on the ground and quickly turned into small ice cocoons.
Luo Zheng kept releasing the Ice Soul Devil Flame. Dongfang Ning also kept urging the ice worms to devour the Ice Soul Devil Flame.
The ice cocoons that rolled on the ground quickly broke. Those ice cocoons instantly turned into snow-white ice butterflies. These ice butterflies' wings were translucent, and the ice crystals formed beautiful and symmetrical patterns on their wings.
All the ice butterflies fluttered and gathered behind Dongfang Ning. These ice butterflies were clearly under Dongfang Ning's control.
The more Ice Soul Devil Flame Luo Zheng released, the more ice butterflies Dongfang Ning would nurture …
"Don't waste your energy. How about I give you Shenwu coins?" Dongfang Ning said in a negotiating tone.
Luo Zheng frowned …
With his current strength, it was indeed a bit difficult for him to fight against an upper True God.
Dongfang Ning noticed the change in Luo Zheng's expression and smiled. "Perhaps we'll be a family in the future …"
"Brother! Kill that idiot! "At this moment, Dongfang Yang, who had rested for a while, finally had some strength. He suddenly opened his mouth and cursed.
Hearing this, Dongfang Ning cursed in his heart. This idiotic brother …
Luo Zheng glared fiercely at Dongfang Yang. A murderous aura flashed on his face. An extremely violent energy was brewing in his body.
Luo Zheng couldn't completely control this violent energy. Hundreds of Dao Accumulations intertwined together, emitting an extremely frightening aura!
This aura didn't spread over a large area. Dongfang Yang, who was in midair, didn't notice it. Zhan Ming, who was standing three meters behind Dongfang Ning, also didn't notice it.
However, the instant Dongfang Ning, who was close by, smelled that aura, his eyes revealed a trace of uncontrollable fear.

Chapter 1911
The True Gods quickly distanced themselves from the large group of Time Wraiths.
After bypassing the Temple of Time and traveling for dozens of miles, the group finally slowed down.
But no one let down their guard.
Except for Luo Zheng, Han Chuyue, and the others, it was not the first time the other True Gods had entered the forbidden area. They had a lot of experience.
The difficulty of a forbidden area was not constant. Instead, it fluctuated.
When they entered the forbidden area, they encountered such a big predicament. This meant that the difficulty of the entire forbidden area had increased. The deeper they went, the more dangerous it was. They might encounter an unresolvable crisis.
But the more difficult it was, the more opportunities there would be. The risk and reward were always proportional. This was why nearly half of the True Gods were willing to take the risk.
As Luo Zheng moved forward, he continued to mix the Taoist Accumulations in the time in his body.
In the Secret Chamber of Time, he tried dozens of times.
The energy obtained after mixing hundreds of Taoist Accumulations was indeed ridiculously powerful.
But he could not control it at all, let alone use it smoothly.
In the time in his body, Luo Zheng relied on his omnipotent ability to firmly bind the Taoist Accumulations together. He was barely able to support it.
Once it was out of his control, the power would run wild in his body like an unbridled wild horse.
If he used this power to defend against the enemy, he might be seriously injured before he could even make a move.
The problem must have come from the mixed Taoist Accumulations.
In the image he saw in the Secret Chamber of Time, he only knew that the figure had mixed 3,000 Taoist Accumulations together and applied them to the sword. He could not tell which hundreds of Taoist Accumulations the figure had mixed. Like Luo Zheng, it was very dangerous to mix them randomly. Now, he could only try again and again in the world in his body, constantly adjusting the types of Taoist Accumulations, hoping to get the best ratio.
"The Goddess Statue is in front. After passing through the Goddess Statue, we can reach the second level. Everyone, be careful. The Goddess Statue this time is not easy to pass," Zhan Ming reminded them.
"Goddess Statue? What is that? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"You will know soon." Zhan Ming smiled. "If you want to enter the second level of the Sea of Time forbidden area, you must pass through here."
Everyone looked worried when they heard Zhan Ming's words.
Other than Luo Zheng and a few other True Gods, the elites of the rich and powerful families had made ample preparations before participating in the Ling Sun Festival. They had a better understanding of the Sea of Time. Hence, even Han Chuyue and Han Biluo were able to answer Luo Zheng in detail.
In the past, it was already difficult to pass through the first level of the Sea of Time. From time to time, there would be True Gods dying here. This time, the difficulty of the Sea of Time forbidden ground had increased greatly. It was likely that the difficulty would be even higher. It was possible that all of them would be wiped out!
"Who has a Stargate? I won't go if there isn't a stargate, "a True God said loudly.
The other True Gods also stopped in their tracks. Some True Gods echoed, "Indeed, if there is no Astral Door, there is almost a 90% chance of survival. I will definitely not participate. Call me again after you have passed through the Goddess statue. I will not take this risk!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not understand at all, Han Chuyue explained in a low voice, "The Star Gate is a treasure obtained from the Abyss Demon Domain. It is very rare. According to the current price, it would cost about seventy to eighty thousand Shenwu coins."
"So expensive?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
"Yes." Han Chuyue nodded. "However, the Star Gate is very important, especially in the forbidden ground. It is often very useful. You will understand in a moment."
However, at this time, all the True Gods were silent.
Things like the Star Gate were very expensive. Even if someone had a Star Gate, they would not be willing to take the initiative to offer it. They would hope that others would take the initiative to offer it.
After waiting for a while, Zhan Ming shook his head helplessly. "Alright, I managed to survive this time. This time, I will offer the Star Gate!"
After saying that, a black scroll appeared in Zhan Ming's hand. On the scroll, there were densely packed golden Sanskrit characters.
Zhan Ming grabbed the black scroll and shook it gently. The golden Sanskrit characters on the scroll started to shine continuously. At the same time, a faint halo appeared in front of Zhan Ming. The halo kept spinning and spreading out layers of faint blue light. In the middle, there was a deep blue color. It looked like a gem that was as tall as a person was floating in mid-air.
"This is the Star Gate? It's so beautiful. "Luo Zheng exclaimed. At the same time, he noticed that the Star Gate was emitting a strong Taoist connotation. This was the Taoist connotation emitted by the Space Supreme Dao!
Feeling the strong Taoist connotation in the Star Gate, Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly.
Although he could not understand the Taoist connotation in it, after activating the Infinite Ruler, he could understand it.
However, he still did not know what the Star Gate was used for. More importantly, once he used the power of his eyes, he was afraid that his identity as an anonymous person would be exposed. He had fought with many True Gods present and had used the power of the Infinite Ruler before.
"Let's wait and see." Luo Zheng suppressed his impulse.
After Zhan Ming used the scroll in his hand to create a Star Gate, he asked, "I have already contributed one Star Gate. Who will contribute the other one?"
The True Gods were silent for a while. Suddenly, Han Cangyan said, "Let me do it!"
After all, Han Cangyan was the most talented Middle True God in the younger generation of Han Jia. Han Jia had given him many good things. He also took out a scroll that was exactly the same as Zhan Ming's. "When we reach the Goddess statue later, I will open this Star Gate."
Zhan Ming nodded and asked, "Now that we have gathered all the Star Gates, can we go together?"
After the other True Gods saw the Star Gate, they were slightly relieved. They followed Zhan Ming and continued to move forward.
In the team, Luo Zheng's face was still full of confusion. "Chuyue, you haven't said what the Star Gate is used for."
Han Chuyue smiled and said, "This Star Gate is equivalent to a transportation channel. However, it is a more special transportation channel. Once you step into the Star Gate, you will be transported to the nearest Star Gate."
"So it is to build a temporary transportation channel?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes. However, the Star Gate has a special characteristic. It will transport you to the nearest Star Gate. Therefore, you need to build two Star Gates," Han Chuyue said. "Later, I will let my brother use the other scroll. This way, the two Star Gates will form a temporary transportation channel."
After listening to Han Chuyue's explanation, Luo Zheng still had doubts in his heart. Why did they need a Star Gate to pass through the Goddess statue? However, he didn't ask any further. He just silently followed the team forward.
After he crossed a narrow mountain pass, he saw a huge canyon. At the same time, he saw a statue that was about ten feet tall in the middle of the canyon.
When Luo Zheng saw the statue clearly, his body shook again. His whole person was stunned.
"This is the Goddess statue?" he muttered.
"Yes. What's wrong?" Han Chuyue looked at Luo Zheng's reaction. Her face revealed a strange expression.
The silent Han Biluo also looked at Luo Zheng …
The statue of the goddess was carved out of a huge gemstone. It was completely transparent and sat on a huge tree stump with her legs together. She raised her head and looked at the sky. Whether it was her expression or her clothes, even the tiniest strand of hair, they were all incomparably fine and subtle.
Luo Zheng once again saw that face. It was almost the same as Luo Yan's, but the temperament was completely different.
After Luo Zheng killed that "mud" creature in the Tie family's underground, he obtained a strange bead. From that bead, he saw this face. However, at that time, Luo Zheng only saw the head of a young girl soaking in a pot. Now, he saw the whole body.

Chapter 1912
After looking at the statue for a while, Luo Zheng asked, "Who is this statue?"
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo shook their heads at the same time.
After all, this was the first time they had entered the Sea of Time. Although they had done their homework before coming and knew that there was a statue here, they didn't know much about it.
"I have two guesses about the identity of this woman." Zhan Ming's voice suddenly sounded in front of Luo Zheng. "She may be the female patriarch of the Blind Tribe."
"Female patriarch?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
The female patriarch of the Blind Tribe never showed her true face to people.
For countless god epochs, no one had seen her true face, not even the saints.
The female patriarch was the ruler of the Sea of Time. It was possible that she had erected her statue here. But why she had erected her statue here was hard to explain.
"The second guess is that she is the leader of the Guardian of Time race." Zhan Ming continued. "But this guess is also groundless. After all, no one knows what kind of existence the Guardian of Time race is. Everyone only knows that there is this race, but no one can verify what kind of existence this race is."
"So that's how it is," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
Zhan Ming's understanding of the Sea of Time was quite deep. Most of the true gods probably didn't know as much as he did. He couldn't give a definite answer. It would be difficult to verify the identity of this goddess statue.
After Zhan Ming finished speaking, he went with Han Cangyan to set up the star door.
Han Chuyue saw a trace of disappointment on Luo Zheng's face. She blinked and said, "Do you think this goddess statue is a bit familiar?"
Luo Zheng looked strangely at Han Chuyue. "How do you know?"
"Looking at your reaction, I guess you've seen this woman somewhere before? Or does she look like your relatives? "Han Chuyue asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded noncommittally.
"Although I don't know the identity of this goddess statue, if you look carefully, don't you think she looks a bit similar to you?" Han Chuyue asked softly.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the face of the goddess statue again.
Just as Han Chu Yue had said, he was indeed somewhat similar.
This was not surprising.
The appearance of this goddess statue was almost exactly the same as Luo Yan, and he and Luo Yan were blood related siblings, so there were some similarities between them.
However, Han Chuyue's words reminded Luo Zheng.
It couldn't be a coincidence that the statue of the goddess looked so similar to Luo Yan.
Could it be that the statue of the goddess was really Luo Yan and his mother?
It was just a statue in front of him, but Luo Zheng had seen this woman before. His mother only had a head left now?
For a moment, Luo Zheng found it hard to accept this conjecture...
Looking at Luo Zheng's complicated expression, Han Chuyue smiled faintly. She knew that Luo Zheng's background was complicated. This statue must have some connection with him. Looking at Luo Zheng's tangled expression, she comforted him. "Don't think too much. There are many things in this world that are not in your control. Perhaps the truth is not what you think?"
"You're right." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
It was useless to think too much about these things. Sooner or later, there would be a day when he would know the truth. Then he cast his gaze below the statue of the goddess.
Han Cangyan unfurled a scroll below the statue of the goddess and opened another Star Door.
After this azure Star Door appeared, Han Cangyan drilled into it and disappeared in an instant.
After a while, Han Cangyan could be seen flying over from the high slope. At the same time, he waved at everyone. The two Star Doors were connected to each other, and a temporary transmission array was successfully built.
After Han Cangyan returned, Zhan Ming suddenly raised his voice and said, "Now that the Star Door has been successfully built, there is a way out. This time, guarding the goddess statue may be more difficult than any other time, but the rewards we will get from it will be more than any other time, so I hope everyone will do their best!"
After saying that, Zhan Ming took the lead and walked towards the goddess statue. He stretched out his hand and patted the bottom of the goddess statue lightly. A complete palm print was left on the goddess statue.
Then, the other upper true gods also walked over and left a faint palm print on the base of the goddess statue. Soon, it was the middle true god's turn, the lower true god's turn … Finally, it was Luo Zheng, Han Liusu, Han Chuyue and the rest.
Just as Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and patted the goddess statue, outside the Sea of Time, the eyes of the Blind Tribe's matriarch flashed slightly under her mask. She revealed a look of concern.
"Pa!"
Then, Luo Zheng gently patted the bottom of the goddess statue. Just like the others, he only left a faint palm print and nothing else happened.
The matriarch stared for a long time and a trace of doubt appeared in her eyes. However, the doubt was quickly replaced by disappointment and regret …
The change in the matriarch's expression was not noticed by the other sages. These sages' gazes were focused on the Perfect True Gods. A group of Perfect True Gods led by Mu Xuerong and the other Perfect True Gods were frantically escaping from the third level of the Sea of Time. They seemed to have angered a huge monster in the Sea of Time.
At the bottom of the goddess statue, all the True Gods' palm prints were imprinted on it. This tall goddess statue suddenly emitted a faint green light. The green light was like a green liquid that slowly rose from the bottom of the goddess statue and filled the entire goddess statue.
"Everyone, pay attention. Although this is not the first time many of you have entered the Sea of Time, I still have to remind you that only by passing through here can we qualify to enter the second level of the Sea of Time. In a while, there will be a large number of ferocious spirits attacking. We have to do everything we can to protect the goddess statue. Once the goddess statue is completely destroyed, we will lose the opportunity to enter the second level! If you can't hold on any longer, you can use the stargate to teleport outside for a short rest. After that, please immediately return to participate in the battle … "Zhan Ming said in a calm voice. Suddenly, the canyon trembled. A layer of colorful light curtain appeared around them and enveloped the entire canyon. Seeing the changes in the canyon, Zhan Ming smiled faintly." It has begun! "
"So, after activating the goddess statue, the canyon became a sealed space." Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. The reason why he left a stargate here was to leave an escape route for himself. Otherwise, if he was defeated, he would not be able to escape even if he wanted to.
It was no wonder that some True Gods were clamoring earlier that they were unwilling to continue without the stargate. This stargate was a way to save their lives.
"Rumble …"
The entire canyon began to tremble. At the same time, from the four passes around the canyon, a large black mass emerged.
At the same time, a strange rhythm sounded in everyone's ears. It was as if countless people were breathing heavily, and the breathing sounds were uniform.
"Black butterflies," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"This is the first wave of ferocious beasts. Lie Rhythmic Butterflies are a type of ferocious spirit in the Dark Flame Forbidden Land. Everyone, be careful. The Lie Rhythmic Butterflies themselves are not powerful, but the flames that they turn into after they die are extremely difficult to deal with. Be careful not to be surrounded by them," Zhan Ming reminded.
Four groups of Lie Rhythmic Butterflies emerged from the four passes in the canyon. They fluttered toward the goddess statue in a spiral shape. As they fluttered continuously, the rhythm of their breathing became more and more intense!
"Go!" Zhan Ming ordered. He took the lead and rushed out.
All the True Gods around the goddess statue also rushed toward the Lie Rhythmic Butterflies one after another. Luo Zheng was naturally no exception.
"Hmph, it's just Lie Rhythmic Butterflies. Look at how you guys are acting as if you are facing a great enemy. I have also wandered around the Dark Flame Forbidden Land a few times. These butterflies are not worth mentioning!" Leng Linyue laughed softly. His palm turned into a claw and he raised it high above his head. After a blood-red light bloomed from his fingertips, he waved his claw.
"Swish swish swish swish —"
A few thin lines of blood spiraled like waves and drew countless irregular arcs in the air. They weaved into a fine net and covered the group of Lie Rhythmic Butterflies in front of him.
All the Lie Rhythmic Butterflies that came into contact with the lines of blood were instantly cut into pieces. The broken black butterfly wings fluttered in all directions …
At the same time, Leng Linyue's figure retreated quickly.
"Phew, phew …"
The dead Lie Rhythmic Butterflies instantly exploded into balls of blazing white flames behind him.
Just like what Zhan Ming had said, the Lie Rhythmic Butterflies themselves were not powerful. However, after every Lie Rhythmic Butterfly died, it would explode into a ball of blazing flames called "Burning Spirit Fire." The Burning Spirit Fire could cover an area with a radius of dozens of feet. Even a True God would not be spared if he was engulfed by the Burning Spirit Fire.

Chapter 1913
Dark Flame Forbidden Land was a Grade Two Forbidden Land. Most of the Real Gods present had experience in it and they knew how powerful the Lie Yun Butterflies were.
For example, Han Chuyue, Luo Zheng and the others didn't know at first. After Zhan Ming's reminder and after seeing the other Real Gods take action, they naturally understood that the Lie Yun Butterflies were very weak. The powerful part was the Burning Spirit Fire. As long as they maintained a certain distance to kill the Lie Yun Butterflies, they wouldn't have to worry.
There was an exquisite oil paper umbrella in Han Chuyue's hand. She grabbed the handle of the oil paper umbrella and shook it gently. With a "pop" sound, the oil paper umbrella opened. Then, she turned the oil paper umbrella and the surface of the umbrella started to spin rapidly.
"Swish swish swish …"
Countless arm-length light needles shot out from the surface of the umbrella. The light needles covered the group of Lie Yun Butterflies like a rainstorm.
"Huff huff huff huff huff …"
One by one, the Blaze Butterfly was nailed to the ground. Soon after, they turned into balls of flames and exploded. The vigorous raging flames spread out and released a torrential heat wave towards Han Chuyue. Before they could get close to Han Chuyue, the terrifying heat engulfed and burned the hair in front of her forehead.
She quickly blocked the oil paper umbrella in front of her and blocked the Burning Spirit Fire outside. At the same time, she stroked the bangs in front of her forehead and revealed a gloomy expression. Then, she turned her head and looked not far away. When she saw Luo Zheng, she exclaimed, "So fast!"
Luo Zheng shuttled back and forth in the canyon. Compared to the others who tried their best to avoid the Lie Yun Butterflies, Luo Zheng was much braver. Perhaps in the eyes of some Real Gods, Luo Zheng was simply doing something that didn't want his life.
With a casual wave of his hand, countless rays of golden light emanated from his hand. These rays of golden light were derived from the Five Elements Divine Daos of the Metal Element. These rays of golden light gently flashed around him, and a large swarm of Blaze Butterflies turned into fine powder. Soon after, they erupted into flames.
These raging flames were fierce, but Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. Even if he was really caught in the flames, they would not be able to burn him, not to mention that it was only a stream of scalding heat that swept towards him.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
As the golden light covered the area, thousands of Fierce Rhythm Butterflies were destroyed. His killing of the Fierce Rhythm Butterflies was like the autumn wind sweeping the fallen leaves. His efficiency was surprisingly high!
Many True Gods thought that dealing with Lie Yundie was a piece of cake. However, when they saw Luo Zheng's killing technique, they were all surprised …
In the canyon, the only true gods who could match Luo Zheng's speed were those upper true gods.
These upper True Gods all had the ability to wander around Grade Two Forbidden Lands on their own. The Blaze Butterfly was merely a ferocious creature commonly seen in Grade Two Forbidden Lands. Why would they place it in their eyes? The upper-level true gods were shuttling through the Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies. Everywhere they went, there would be large groups of Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies falling. Large balls of flames were rising.
The number of Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies flying out of the four entrances of the canyon was shocking. In the blink of an eye, there were tens of thousands of them floating out. However, in front of the True Gods, no matter how many there were, it was meaningless.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, no more butterflies came out of the mountain passes.
"Let's call it a day," Zhan Ming said.
"It doesn't seem like a big deal …"
"It's too simple!"
"I've killed at least fifty thousand Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies!"
Many True Gods looked relaxed. To them, killing the Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies was too easy. They passed through it casually.
The confidence of a True God was no different from that of a mortal. It was easy for them to be inflated.
"Don't be careless. This is only the first wave. The difficulty will get higher and higher," Zhan Ming reminded them when he heard them.
Apart from Zhan Ming, a few other upper true gods and some middle true gods who had once wandered into the forbidden land of Sea of Time looked cautious. They didn't look relaxed at all. One of the upper true gods said, "Indeed, the number of Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies in the first wave is three times more than the number of Fierce Rhythmic Butterflies we've encountered before."
"Judging from the number, the difficulty this time might be three times higher," Zhan Ming said solemnly.
Hearing that, Luo Zheng creased his eyebrows.
For safety reasons, the Real Gods had to prepare two Star Doors for their escape every time. It meant that the difficulty of passing through the canyon was really high. If they were careless, they would die.
According to what Zhan Ming said, the difficulty would be three times higher. He could imagine how difficult it would be next.
After passing through the first wave, everyone took a short break. As the canyon shook again, the second wave of monsters surged over from the four entrances.
"Rustle rustle rustle …"
Everyone saw countless red scorpions the size of feet converging into a red tide and surging down. As they crawled continuously, they made a terrifying sound.
"Poisonous Wolf Scorpion!"
"Poisonous creatures!"
"Be careful. The tail of the Poisonous Wolf Scorpion can shoot poisonous needles …"
The Venomous Wolf Scorpion was a famous venomous creature in the Divine Realm. Every Venomous Wolf Scorpion had a thin poison needle on its tail. This poison needle was hidden in the cavity of its tailbone. When attacking a target, the Venomous Wolf Scorpion would inject a powerful pressure into its tail, causing the poison needle to explosively shoot out!
What was even stranger was that the venom of the Poisonous Wolf Scorpion was very special.
Ordinary Gods would only be paralyzed after being pierced, but a True God would explode and die if they were pierced by the poisonous needle.
The venom would quickly drill into the dantian, throwing the Godhead into chaos. Once the Godhead was in chaos, it would cause the entire inner world to turn upside down, eventually causing the entire world to collapse and shatter …
As for warriors and Gods below the True God level, because they did not have a Godhead, the destructive power of the venom was not great.
In the Divine Territory, there were True Gods who cultivated the "Poison God Path". They wanted to capture the Poisonous Wolf Scorpion and extract the venom from it. Naturally, this was an extremely powerful method. However, once the venom left the Poisonous Wolf Scorpion, it would rapidly lose its effect. Thus, the venom could not be used.
Many True Gods were unwilling to provoke these red scorpions. Thus, when they saw so many scorpions surging out, many True Gods revealed hesitant expressions. Although the Poisonous Wolf Scorpion was considered a low-level vicious creature and was not very powerful, touching the venom would still cost them their lives. Who would be willing to take this risk?
"Don't be afraid. The Poisonous Wolf Scorpion's poisonous needle is not difficult to dodge. Just be careful," Zhan Ming encouraged.
"Hualala …"
While those True Gods were still hesitating, Luo Zheng had already made his move expressionlessly.
With a push of his hand, a fan-shaped layer of raging flames spread along the ground. Just as it was about to burn those Poisonous Wolf Scorpions, what surprised Luo Zheng was that these Poisonous Wolf Scorpions were rather nimble. They all jumped up and actually crossed the layer of fan-shaped flames. At the same time, their tails were raised high towards him!
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Over a thousand Poisonous Wolf Scorpions simultaneously shot out black poisonous needles from their tailbones.
These poisonous needles were extremely thin and difficult to distinguish with the naked eye. They were indeed quite a threat to True Gods.
"Be careful, Luo Tianxing!" Han Chuyue cried out in alarm.
"Hmph," Luo Zheng coldly snorted. His figure floated out like a ghost.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding …"
After those poisonous needles missed, they all nailed to the ground.
"Destroy for me!"
Luo Zheng lightly flicked his finger. A thick profound lightning bolt shot out.
"Clap clap clap …"
This profound lightning bolt, which was as thick as a water bucket, continuously split into tens of thousands of lightning bolts, each as thick as a thumb. They tightly covered a large area.
The Poisonous Wolf Scorpions' reactions were extremely nimble, exceeding Luo Zheng's expectations. However, no matter how fast they were, they would not be able to dodge these lightning bolts …
"Clap clap clap clap …"
Wherever these lightning bolts landed, the ground was instantly charred. All the Poisonous Wolf Scorpions were also turned into charcoal dust by the lightning bolts.
When the True Gods saw this, they stared fixedly at the ground. Their fear of the Poisonous Wolf Scorpions' poison had completely dissipated. In its place was greed.
As it turned out, after these Poisonous Wolf Scorpions were killed, the ground turned into Shenwu Coins!
Luo Zheng had just casually killed thousands of Poisonous Wolf Scorpions, and now there were thousands of Shenwu Coins on the ground …
No matter how terrifying the Poisonous Wolf Scorpions' poison was, for so many Shenwu Coins, it was worth it for them to risk their lives!

Chapter 1914
"Shenwu coins are already being rewarded in the second wave." Zhan Ming shook his head slightly.
"What's wrong with this forbidden area …" Another upper-level True God said.
It was not unusual for killing monsters in the canyon to be rewarded with Shenwu coins. Some warriors had even obtained faith treasures before.
However, Shenwu coins would usually appear during the seventh and eighth waves of monsters. Moreover, Shenwu coins would only appear sporadically. The amount was far less than now …
Just as they understood the rules of forbidden areas, the greater the reward, the higher the difficulty, and the greater the risk.
"Forget it. If we can get a good reward here, we can just give up on the second level of the Sea of Time." Zhan Ming shrugged. Then, a raging battle intent bloomed from his body.
At the same time, a tattoo appeared on his shoulder. It was a majestic blue lion head.
When his battle intent boiled, the lion head would quietly appear, emitting a blue light. It was vivid and lifelike.
"Whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, Zhan Ming rushed into the group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions.
The venomous stingers of these Venomous Wolf Scorpions were indeed powerful. However, True Gods would only be hit when they were caught off guard.
The Real Gods who were present maintained a high level of vigilance. With their advantage in speed, it was not difficult for them to avoid the scorpions. Upper Real Gods like Zhan Ming seemed to have entered a place where no one could stop them. They were rampaging among the Venomous Wolf Scorpions.
He was too lazy to dodge the thin venomous stingers that shot at him. Before the stingers could even get close, they were shattered by the battle intent attached to his body.
Killing a Venomous Wolf Scorpion would produce one Shenwu coin. Faced with the endless stream of Venomous Wolf Scorpions, all the True Gods went crazy.
These True Gods ignored the power of the Venomous Wolf Scorpions and rushed to attack. Each of them used their fiercest methods to kill the Venomous Wolf Scorpions. Then, they quickly swept the thousands of Shenwu coins on the ground into their sumeru rings!
Attacking once was equivalent to exploring other small forbidden areas for a few years. Who would be willing to let go of such an opportunity?
Luo Zheng's speed in killing the Venomous Wolf Scorpions was not slow. After being the first to attack, he seized the initiative and killed his way through the Venomous Wolf Scorpions and rushed into the distance.
Those Venomous Wolf Scorpions surrounded him like a blood-red flood, and shot poisonous needles with deadly venom at him.
However, he didn't care about these poisonous needles at all. He condensed a watermelon-sized lightning ball in his hand. In the center of this lightning ball, there were four or five smaller lightning balls. When the lightning balls collided with each other, they made ear-piercing cracking sounds, as if they would explode at any time in his hand.
He grabbed the watermelon-sized lightning ball and threw it heavily onto the ground!
Boom!
A circular lightning bolt exploded under his feet. With him as the center, all the Venomous Wolf Scorpions within a radius of several hundred feet were struck by the spreading lightning. Their bright red shells were instantly charred black, and then turned into a pile of black powder …
"Pata, pata, pata …"
Hundreds and thousands of Shenwu coins rolled out from the ground.
Luo Zheng casually waved his hand, and wisps of blue wind swept out. All of the shenwu coins were swept up by the invisible wind, and when they were two feet off the ground, they rapidly spun around Luo Zheng and finally drilled into his spatial ring.
"12,000 Shenwu coins." Luo Zheng's lips curved into a smile. He flew up and rushed into another group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions.
In the canyon, only Luo Zheng, Zhan Ming, and other upper True Gods dared to play like this …
Intermediate True Gods like Han Cangyan and Leng Linyue might have this ability, but they didn't have the confidence to dodge all the Venomous Wolf Scorpions' needles. Therefore, they could only rely on the goddess statue to kill the Venomous Wolf Scorpions. Naturally, their efficiency was much lower.
Boom!
Luo Zheng jumped up and stepped into the group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions again. With this stomp, hundreds of Venomous Wolf Scorpions around him were smashed to pieces. He did the same thing. Another lightning ball condensed in his hand, and he slammed it heavily onto the ground!
The group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions disappeared before his eyes again, leaving behind only piles of Shenwu coins waiting for him to harvest.
However, before Luo Zheng could put these Shenwu coins into his spatial ring, a stocky True God suddenly rushed over and shouted coldly, "Scram!" Then, a layer of earthy yellow Dao Connotation appeared on his fist. This Dao Connotation was very condensed and thick. He slammed his fist into the ground.
"Rumble …"
The surrounding ground began to wriggle, and the Shenwu coins also gathered toward this intermediate True God. With a sudden wave of his hand, all the Shenwu coins were sucked into his spatial ring.
This series of actions was extremely fast. After the intermediate True God collected all the Shenwu coins, he tilted his head and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. "These Venomous Wolf Scorpions were supposed to be killed by me. I don't blame you for snatching them first. Scram, hehe!"
Luo Zheng glanced at this intermediate True God indifferently.
"You don't like it? Kid? "This intermediate True God stared at Luo Zheng and sneered with a provocative look.
Even though Luo Zheng had displayed extraordinary strength in the Time Temple, it was still not worth mentioning in the eyes of this intermediate True God. He obviously did not take Luo Zheng, a Lower True God, seriously.
Not far away, Zhan Ming and the others frowned when they saw this scene. However, they did not interfere.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and a faint killing intent flashed in his eyes. Then, he turned his head and leaped up, rushing into another group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions.
"Pipa!"
A huge thunder ball spread out, and a large group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions turned into charcoal powder.
However, what Luo Zheng did not expect was that the intermediate True God would rush over again and punch the ground. As the ground wriggled, he snatched the Shenwu coins again. At the same time, he said proudly, "I forgot to remind you that the Shenwu coins here are mine too!"
Luo Zheng ignored this intermediate True God and continued to rush into other groups of Venomous Wolf Scorpions. He used the Dark Thunder Divine Way to kill these groups of Venomous Wolf Scorpions. He did not even pick up the Shenwu coins. After killing the group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions, he continued to look for the next target. Then, the intermediate True God followed behind him and sucked away all the Shenwu coins.
At first, everyone was in a hurry to kill the Venomous Wolf Scorpions, so no one noticed the strange movements of these two.
As the number of Venomous Wolf Scorpions swarming out of the mountain passes decreased, many people began to notice this strange scene.
"The Venomous Wolf Scorpions that Luo Tianxing killed seemed to have been snatched away by Dongfang Yang!"
"That guy can still swallow his anger …"
"What else can he do? If he dares to resist, Dongfang Yang will kill him easily. "
The True Gods whispered among themselves.
Dongfang Yang, the genius of the Dongfang Family.
In this floating island ranking, Dongfang Yang participated in the leapfrog battles with the cultivation of an intermediate True God. He won seven battles in a row against an upper True God and lost one battle, earning a reward of 1.3 million points!
If it were not for the appearance of the anonymous person, he would probably be the most dazzling person in this floating island ranking.
Mu Ning stood with her hands behind her back, looking at Luo Zheng with a pair of heroic eyes. She did not speak. She wanted to see how Luo Zheng would respond.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo were both depressed and worried. They were depressed because they could not help much. This Dongfang Yang came from the Dongfang Family, a rich and powerful family that the Han Family could not afford to offend. Moreover, Dongfang Yang's strength was unfathomable.
Han Liusu frowned as she stared at Luo Zheng. Although she appeared to be very cold, she had been silently observing Luo Zheng along the way. She knew Luo Zheng's temperament. If Dongfang Yang forced him, Luo Zheng would definitely make a move. However, Luo Zheng was only a lower True God. How could he gain the upper hand against an intermediate True God?
Leng Linyue was overjoyed when he saw this. He had long wanted to kill Luo Zheng, but he did not have a suitable time to make a move. Zhan Ming was the leader of this hastily put together team. Luo Zheng had saved Zhan Ming's life before. If Leng Linyue made a move, Zhan Ming would definitely intervene.
Now that Dongfang Yang had found Luo Zheng, it was enough to make him suffer!
Luo Zheng acted as if he did not see it. He continued to rush towards another group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions. He had just killed this group of Venomous Wolf Scorpions when Dongfang Yang took away all the Shenwu Coins.
Now, most of the Venomous Wolf Scorpions in the canyon had been killed. Only a few of them were slowly crawling towards the goddess statue.

Chapter 1915
Hearing this, Dongfang Yang turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng with a smile. "What did you just say?"
Why would Dongfang Yang care about a lower true god?
He had ventured into the Forbidden Land countless times and had taken the lives of the rich and powerful.
Even if they were the disciples of the Sage Emperor, or even the descendants of the Sage Emperor, he would still kill them. How could those clans not even dare to fart?
Dongfang Yang picked up Luo Zheng's Shenwu Coins and felt that it was only right.
With his strength, killing these Venomous Wolf Scorpions was also very easy. He was even more efficient than Luo Zheng.
However, he felt that Luo Zheng didn't have the right to kill the Venomous Wolf Scorpions like this!
The lower True Gods were all hiding under the goddess statue, carefully hunting the Venomous Wolf Scorpions while the middle True Gods were further away from the goddess statue. Only the upper True Gods could fearlessly dive into the Venomous Wolf Scorpions to hunt. Therefore, the upper True Gods were the ones who earned the most shenwu coins.
Why was this kid the same as an upper true god?
Dongfang Yang himself was not an Upper True God, but his abilities were enough for him to gain a foothold among the Upper True Gods. In the Arena of Gods, when he faced Upper True Gods who could fly in the sky and burrow into the ground, he was able to win seven matches in a row.
When the other upper true gods saw Luo Zheng's behavior, they were more or less displeased.
After all, Luo Zheng wasn't slow in harvesting the Venomous Wolf Scorpions. He took a share of their Shenwu Coins.
However, Luo Zheng relied on his own strength and courage. They couldn't say anything.
Dongfang Yang's actions were more straightforward. He took all of Luo Zheng's Shenwu Coins. If Luo Zheng resisted, he would definitely teach him a lesson.
He didn't expect Luo Zheng to speak up in the end. He hadn't said a word from beginning to end and had done everything for him.
"Sir, you've taken all of my Shenwu Coins and you plan to leave just like that?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The corner of Dongfang Yang's mouth twitched as he chuckled, "What a joke. I've already said that the Poisonous Wolf Scorpions you killed belonged to me. You killed my Poisonous Wolf Scorpions and I didn't intend to cause you any trouble. How dare you ask me for Shenwu coins?"
The people from the Dongfang family were famous for being overbearing. Many of the elites from the wealthy families present were also silent as they watched the situation develop with cold eyes.
Zhan Ming couldn't stand it anymore. He casually killed some scattered Poisonous Wolf Scorpions and said loudly, "Dongfang Yang, these monsters don't belong to anyone. According to the rules, whoever kills them will get them. You are breaking the rules!"
During the process of killing the Venomous Wolf Scorpions, all the True Gods were very restrained and did not fight over the loot.
Before Dongfang Yang could say anything, a sinister laugh came from behind Zhan Ming. "Rules? You want to talk about rules with my Dongfang family? Aren't you a little too naive? "
Hearing that voice, Zhan Ming's face turned cold. He turned his head and said, "Dongfang Ning, what do you mean?"
The one who spoke was the upper True God of the Dongfang family, Dongfang Ning. This person had long arms and legs and his body was like a bamboo pole. He had followed the team without saying a word. Now he said, "Zhan Ming, do you really think you are our leader?"
Because Zhan Ming had successfully lured away the Time Wraiths, it was logical for him to lead the team forward. Now, everyone was indeed listening to Zhan Ming's orders, but the upper True Gods did not necessarily care about Zhan Ming.
"I, Zhan Ming, have never thought of myself as a leader. I'm just exploring the Sea of Time. Everyone should look after each other and be more united. Naturally, it will be easier!" Zhan Ming said coldly. The other True Gods, including many upper True Gods, nodded at his words. At least Zhan Ming had selflessly contributed a Starry Door, leaving a way out for everyone.
Dongfang Ning smiled slightly and said, "I'm not targeting you, but it's better if you don't interfere in my Dongfang family's affairs. If those two little guys want to cause trouble, even I won't interfere!"
His words immediately drew a line. It was a warning to Zhan Ming. Both of them were upper True Gods, so they should not interfere in the conflict between Dongfang Yang and Luo Zheng.
Zhan Ming frowned. Since Dongfang Ning had said so, it was not good for him to interfere. It was not that he was afraid of Dongfang Ning, but in this situation, it was not a rational decision for two upper True Gods to fight.
But after all, Luo Zheng had saved his life. He knew the character of the Dongfang family. These guys would kill at the slightest disagreement. He could not just stand by and watch Dongfang Yang kill Luo Zheng.
He thought about it and could only persuade Luo Zheng. "Brother, I'll compensate you for the Shenwu coins that Dongfang Yang took away!"
Zhan Ming had obtained a lot of Shenwu coins just now. Compensating Luo Zheng was not a big deal. Besides, he still had plenty of opportunities to obtain more Shenwu coins.
The idea he proposed was already very good. Luo Zheng would probably agree.
"Thank you."
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and smiled at Zhan Ming. "I appreciate Brother Zhan Ming's kindness." Then he turned to stare at Dongfang Yang and continued, "But this dog has been following me around and picking up bones for half a day. Naturally, he has to spit it out with interest!"
Luo Zheng's words stunned Dongfang Yang. No one had ever dared to mock him like this. He then laughed wildly!
"You? Hahaha … You must be a foreign warrior. Otherwise, you wouldn't be so stupid. Do you know who I am? If you don't, let me teach you … "
Dongfang Yang was still talking, but Luo Zheng did not intend to give him a chance to continue.
A sharp light flashed in his eyes. He pushed off the ground with the tip of his foot. Under an invisible wave, he turned into a gust of wind and arrived in front of Dongfang Yang. "The only thing I need to learn from you is how to talk nonsense. But I don't want to learn."
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's explosive speed was already very strange. It only took a very short time for him to explode from a standstill.
Moreover, he had taken Dongfang Yang by surprise. Dongfang Yang did not expect Luo Zheng to attack. Luo Zheng instantly closed in on Dongfang Yang and struck him with his elbow!
"Bang!"
The power of this fierce collision was far beyond Dongfang Yang's imagination.
The great power poured into Dongfang Yang's body. He stared at Luo Zheng with shock in his eyes. His body kept retreating until it rolled in the distance and hit the ground heavily.
Dongfang Yang had seen Luo Zheng attack several times. He knew that Luo Zheng's power was extraordinary. Besides, he had cultivated the Dark Thunder Divine Way and the Five Elements Divine Way.
In Dongfang Yang's eyes, such a foundation was excellent, but it was only excellent.
What kind of genius was Dongfang Yang?
There were only a few middle-level True Gods who could fight against higher-level True Gods and gain a foothold in the Arena of Gods.
Dongfang Yang's cultivation had not reached the middle-level True God, but he already had the battle strength of an upper-level True God.
"How dare you sneak attack me …" Dongfang Yang roared angrily. He turned over and stood up. A thick yellow halo appeared on the surface of his body. It was the Taoist Connotation of the Thick Earth Divine Way.
As soon as he steadied himself, he saw a figure flash in front of him. Luo Zheng had approached him again and punched Dongfang Yang's head from above.
Although Luo Zheng's punch was extremely powerful, the defense of the Thick Earth Divine Way was amazing. Luo Zheng's power spread along the yellow halo on the surface of Dongfang Yang's body and was immediately transmitted to the ground under Dongfang Yang's feet.
"Rumble …"
The ground around Dongfang Yang was cracked …
The ground of the whole canyon was shaking.
Luo Zheng's power spread out and was absorbed by the ground …
This ability was similar to the "power transfer" that Luo Zheng had in the universe. As long as Dongfang Yang had his back to the ground, he would have a very strong defense. This was also the characteristic of the Thick Earth Divine Way!
"You're just relying on brute force. Hahaha, it's not enough," Dongfang Yang laughed.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change. Suddenly, a blood-red light flashed in his eyes, and a fierce killing intent spread out from his body!
"God Slaying Dao?"
In the distance, Mu Ning took two steps forward and stared at Luo Zheng. Her sharp and charming eyes had a faint trace of expectation in them. If this kid really used the Killing God Dao, then there was a 100% chance that he was Anonymous.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not have too many concerns.
"Blood Destruction Bite!"
A blood snake suddenly rushed out from Luo Zheng's hand. This blood snake ignored the Thick Earth Taoist Connotation on the surface of Dongfang Yang's body and bit a small wound on Dongfang Yang's neck.
Before Dongfang Yang could react, Luo Zheng once again threw a punch horizontally!
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, Dongfang Yang was smashed a thousand feet away.
Under the protection of the Thick Earth Divine Way, this punch still could not hurt Dongfang Yang.

Chapter 1916
Bloody Desolation Bite!
Mu Ning's eyes widened when she saw this. She stared at Luo Zheng for a while before gradually calming down.
Although Mu Xuerong's analysis had made Mu Ning highly suspicious of Luo Zheng's identity, seeing Luo Zheng use the Bloody Desolation Bite with her own eyes was a hundred percent proof.
"It really is you …" Mu Ning murmured in a low voice.
After losing to an anonymous person in the Arena of the Gods, Mu Ning was furious. After leaving the Arena of the Gods, she locked herself in her room for a day and a night. Her strong and proud personality did not allow her to lose, let alone lose to a martial artist who had proven himself to be a Divinity.
She did not care whether Anonymous would join the Dongfang family or not.
Her only goal was to find out Anonymous's true identity and have a chance to challenge Anonymous again. This idea was like a poisonous snake in her heart. A woman with her character was like this. She was full of the desire to explore the strong people she truly admired!
Now she was finally sure that her goal was this young man in front of her!
Mu Ning thought that her elder sister Mu Xuerong's thoughts were the same as hers. What she didn't know was that Mu Xuerong had already determined that the anonymous person had another identity. Mu Xuerong's goal was to find the anonymous person and kill him.
"Huh? Bloody Desolation Bite, Mu Haiji's self-created Bloody Desolation Bite! "
"How did this guy learn it …"
"Dongfang Yang has lost so much blood. It's enough for him to suffer."
Many of the True Gods present recognized the "Desolate Blood Destruction Bite", and some of the True Gods looked at Mu Ning with strange gazes.
Even the Saints outside the Sea of Time had strange expressions on their faces. Bloody Desolation Bite was derived from the God Killing Path. It was also an Outer Path Divine Ability that the Mu family would never pass on to outsiders. How could this guy use it?
Dongfang Chunjun also looked at Luo Zheng in the canyon without saying anything. The disciples of the Dongfang family were not so easy to defeat, not to mention that Dongfang Yang's cultivation was one level higher than Luo Zheng's.
Dongfang Yang stood in the same place. The excessive loss of blood made his face pale. At the same time, he felt weak and powerless. He clapped his hand and a small red pill appeared in his hand. He flicked his finger and the pill shot into Dongfang Yang's throat like an arrow.
After the pill dissolved in an instant, a rich blood energy was released, and his originally pale face quickly regained its color.
It was the Jade Blood Golden Pill, a Sixth Revolution Golden Pill, and it could rapidly replenish the energy of blood!
Because he had replenished too much blood energy, his face even showed a trace of unhealthy redness!
Then Dongfang Yang asked sternly, "I always thought you were from the Han Family. I didn't expect you to be from the Mu Family."
The Dongfang family was the leader of the League of Wealthy Families. Generally speaking, the Dongfang family wouldn't target the other families in the League. Therefore, Dongfang Yang had a good relationship with Leng Linyue and Mu Ning. If Luo Zheng was really from the Mu family, he should have made it clear.
Moreover, the fact that Luo Zheng had absorbed the other party's Taoist Connotation under an anonymous identity had not been spread. Mu Ning had also not told anyone about this matter.
This was why Dongfang Yang had such a reaction.
"He's not from the Mu Family. He really is from the Han Family, and he's anonymous!" Mu Ning said loudly, "The Spirit Art he mastered, the Blood Destruction Desolate Bite, was something he secretly learned while fighting me!"
"Crack, crack …"
There were still a few True Gods in the canyon who couldn't be bothered with the disturbance here. They smashed the scattered Venomous Wolf Scorpions into pieces, collecting a small amount of Shenwu Coins.
Most of the True Gods looked at Luo Zheng.
Apart from Han Liusu, Han Biluo, and Han Chuyue, who already knew, the other True Gods were all surprised.
"Isn't the anonymous person a Proof of Divinity expert? This guy is a lower True God … "
"He must have broken through after the floating island ranking. No wonder he's so strong. He could defeat the number one Mu Ning when he was just a Proof of Divinity expert. With his current cultivation, he definitely has the ability to fight Dongfang Yang!"
"What's the true origin of this anonymous person? The Han Family's younger generation is full of monsters … but they can't possibly cultivate such a monster, right?"
The True Gods whispered to each other.
Outside the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, the Saints looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of interest.
"So he's the anonymous person. Haha, Emperor Han Qing, your Han Family's fortune is not small." Tang Lun laughed. "If it weren't for him, your Han Family would have fallen out of the top ten in this floating island ranking!"
When the floating island's points were calculated, Han Liusu suddenly gained nearly two million points. Because of her, the floating island's ranking had changed.
However, no one was a fool. This anonymous person didn't want to reveal his identity, so he chose to hide it. The anonymous person had to be from Han Family!
Emperor Han Qing also stared at Luo Zheng, then said indifferently, "This little guy came from our Han Family's ancestral land. He's not a direct descendant of our Han Family."
"Oh?" Tang Lun's face revealed a shocked expression, "A grass-root Real God from another tribe can grow to this level? That's even more shocking! "
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed. He seemed to want to say something, but Emperor Han Qing beat him to it. "Great Sage Chunjun, I've heard that the Dongfang Family seems to be interested in the anonymous person. They want to recruit him to their floating island. I didn't know his identity before, but now I know. If the Dongfang Family is willing to accept him, it would be this child's honor!"
Many of the Saints and Quasi Sages had strange looks on their faces when they heard this. Some even looked at the emperor with disdain.
Powerful families valued their own talents the most.
A monster like the anonymous person was a genius that could only be encountered by chance.
It wasn't easy for Han Jia to produce such a monster, but Emperor Han Qing was willing to let him go. It seemed that he was using the anonymous person to curry favor with Dongfang Chunjun. For a Saint who ruled over the universe, this was far too despicable!
Aunt Hanjiu bit her lip, a trace of anger in her eyes. She felt humiliated.
Although she already knew that Emperor Han Qing would definitely hand over Luo Zheng, it was too shameful for the Han Family to fawn on Dongfang Chunjun in front of all the Saints!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had two identities. It wouldn't be a big deal if the first one was exposed. After the Sea of Time forbidden area, Luo Zheng would go to Buzhou Spirit Mountain. No one would be able to do anything to him then!
If his second identity was exposed, it would be troublesome. If that happened, Luo Zheng would most likely die.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled and said, "You're right. I asked Dongfang Yunzhu to personally invite this little guy a few days ago, but he rejected. I was planning to send Pan 'er to Han Jia after tomorrow, but I didn't expect to see him here. I heard Yunzhu say that he's very resistant to our Dongfang Family? "
Emperor Han Qing chuckled. "Young people are always rebellious and arrogant. This child doesn't know the Dongfang Family's strength. If he does, he'll be more than happy."
As soon as he said that, many of the Saints despised him even more.
No matter how strong Dongfang Chunjun was, the Saints of the powerful families still retained their dignity. There was no need for a Saint to curry favor with another Saint.

Chapter 1917
Becoming a disciple of a Saint in the divine territory was already a great honor.
Becoming a disciple of a Saint was even more difficult. Even a Saint's own child might not have this opportunity.
Dongfang Chunjun rarely took in disciples.
Since he had spoken, it meant that Dongfang Chunjun really thought highly of Luo Zheng and really cherished his talent.
Emperor Hanqing smiled. "Great Saint Chunjun is willing to accept him as a disciple. He'll be overjoyed when he hears the news after leaving the Sea of Time!"
The other Saints, including Aunt Hanjiu, couldn't help but roll their eyes.
As a Proof of Divinity martial artist, he was able to win more than 30 matches in a row and even defeated the number one ranked Mu Ning of the Mu Family. It could be said that this anonymous martial artist was an invincible existence among the lower True Divinities. Who wouldn't want to accept such a seedling as a disciple?
It could be said that if that kid were to stand here and speak, none of the Saints would refuse to accept him.
Emperor Hanqing really didn't care about his reputation in order to please Dongfang Chunjun …
Aunt Hanjiu glanced at Emperor Hanqing and sighed in her heart. Emperor Hanqing was someone she had once respected. The once arrogant Emperor Hanqing of the Han Family was now bowing down to other Saints!
Dongfang Chunjun was indeed powerful. The Wealthy Alliance led by him had an absolute advantage in the Saints' Hall. However, the Dongfang family and the Wealthy Alliance weren't the only ones in the Sea of Time. The Xuanyue family and the Sword tribe might not be afraid of him.
"But … I'm worried that Dongfang Yang will accidentally kill this child in a fit of anger," Dongfang Chunjun said as he stared into the distance. He didn't pretend at all. He really wanted to accept Luo Zheng as a disciple.
He had an estimate of Luo Zheng's strength. Luo Zheng might be able to defeat an ordinary Middle True God, but Dongfang Yang was a top Middle True God. Even if he was hit by the God-Killing Path's Bloody Bite, if Dongfang Yang was serious, Luo Zheng might not be his opponent.
"I'll send a message to Dongfang Ning and ask him to control the situation. Don't fight too fiercely," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
In the eyes of the Saints, the battle between True Gods was like a fight between children …
In the canyon, the goddess statue was still looking up at the sky, but the atmosphere in the canyon was very solemn.
"That's interesting." Dongfang Yang stared at Luo Zheng for a while before saying, "I didn't expect you to be the anonymous player who participated in the leapfrog battle. Hahahaha! That day, my younger sister invited you to join my Dongfang family, but you rejected her. She threw a tantrum and almost destroyed her palace … "
Dongfang Yunzhu looked weak and lovely, but she was actually quite competitive. She was naturally angry that Luo Zheng had rejected her so harshly. After leaving the Arena of Gods, she had indeed caused quite a commotion in the Dongfang family.
"Your talent is indeed not bad, but it's a pity that you're too blind," Dongfang Yang shook his head, "Since that's the case, I'll help Yun Zhu vent her anger. Let me, Dongfang Yang, eliminate a genius like you!"
After that, the yellow Taoist Connotation on his body spread out layer by layer.
Especially on his legs, the dense Dao of the Thick Earth Divine Dao had merged him with the earth. It was as if he had always been a part of the earth and couldn't be separated from it.
At the same time, a big black axe appeared in his hand.
Not far away, Luo Zheng quietly narrowed his eyes. Since this battle was unavoidable, he had no intention of backing down.
Since his identity as the anonymous player had been exposed, he didn't need to hide anything. A faint purple mist emerged from his body. That was the Taoist Connotation of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. Then, he spread out his hands, and wisps of invisible power spread out. These invisible power slowly condensed and soon turned into four invisible long swords …
Buddha Sword, Heavenly Tooth Sword, Long Vine Sword, Double Sun Sword!
"The rumor is true!"
"Four God-slaying Swords …"
"The key is that these four swords were summoned by power. How can he do that!"
The news that Luo Zheng used the Purple Clouds Divine Dao to turn into four virtual swords had spread.
However, most True Gods believed that Luo Zheng did know how to use the God-slaying Sword Formation, but few believed that Luo Zheng could use the four virtual swords.
This was something that only Aunt Hanjiu could do.
In other words, only quasi-sages and True Sages were qualified to use it. To do this, one must have the ability to transcend worlds to be able to draw out the power of the Nine Stars from their inner worlds.
Proving Gods couldn't do it …
Lower True Gods couldn't do it either.
Even Great Perfection couldn't do it.
However, the scene before their eyes was real. They couldn't help but believe it!
"Dongfang Ning, your younger brother may not win. Moreover, after these Venomous Wolf Scorpions are cleared out, the next wave of attacks will come. This place isn't suitable for them to fight, right?" Zhan Ming said helplessly.
Dongfang Ning looked like he was watching a show. When he heard Zhan Ming's words, he chuckled. "Well said!" Then, his figure suddenly flew to the other side. Below him, several True Gods were cleaning up the remaining Venomous Wolf Scorpions.
"Everyone, stop!" Dongfang Ning said calmly.
When the True Gods saw Dongfang Ning, they thought that he wanted to take the remaining Venomous Wolf Scorpions for himself, so they stopped.
They didn't want to fight with the upper True Gods, especially the upper True Gods of the Dongfang family …
After chasing the Real Gods away, Dongfang Ning didn't kill the scattered Viridian Wolf Scorpions. Instead, he blew a breath at the Viridian Wolf Scorpions. An extremely cold breath blew out and froze the Viridian Wolf Scorpions.
These Venomous Wolf Scorpions didn't die. They were just frozen.
According to the rules of the Goddess Statue Canyon, the next wave of monsters would only attack after the last Venomous Wolf Scorpion was cleared out.
As long as the frozen Venomous Wolf Scorpions weren't killed, the next wave of monsters wouldn't appear.
When Zhan Ming saw this, he only showed dissatisfaction. This method was usually used to deal with the last few waves of monsters in the canyon. Because the last few waves of monsters would become more and more powerful, the True Gods would become more and more tired. Everyone would think of ways to freeze one or two monsters, ushering in precious time to rest.
However, Dongfang Ning was using this method just to fight Luo Tianxing for his younger brother. This action was too selfish.
After summoning the four swords, Luo Zheng rushed toward Dongfang Yang like the wind without any hesitation.
Dongfang Yang was hit by the Bloody Desolate Bite, so naturally, he couldn't move. He stood there as steadily as Mount Tai, carrying the black axe. When he saw Luo Zheng rushing toward him, he shouted softly, "Good timing!"
Then, he swung his hands fiercely. The black axe turned into circles of black shadows, crazily circling in his hands.
The axe was as heavy as a mountain, but in Dongfang Yang's hands, it was as light as a feather!
As the heavy axe spun at high speed, it faintly showed signs of tearing the surrounding space apart!
"Dongfang Yang is borrowing the power of the earth …"
"The characteristic of the Thick Earth Divine Path is that it has extremely terrifying power. After merging with the earth, it can rely on the earth to dissolve the opponent's attack!"
"He's the best of the best!"
When the others saw Dongfang Yang using his full strength, they were secretly shocked. No wonder Dongfang Yang could defeat seven upper True Gods with the cultivation of a middle True God!
"Is his power very strong?"
As Luo Zheng approached rapidly, the battle intent in his eyes became more and more intense.
"Buddha Emperor Sword, kill him for me!"

Chapter 1918
The Buddha Emperor's Sword was extremely fast, heading straight for Dong Fang Yang's head.
However, the black axe in Dong Fang Yang's hand danced wildly as if it was an impenetrable wall!
Soon, the formless Buddha Emperor's Sword and the black axe collided!
"Peng!"
With a silent sound, the black axe in Dong Fang Yang's hand blocked in front of him. The heavy axe was still trembling slightly, and Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor's Sword had already collapsed.
"You're not qualified," Dong Fang Yang sneered.
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely calm, and the Buddha Emperor's Sword that had collapsed actually reformed itself!
The place where the Buddha Emperor's Sword collapsed was only two feet away from Dong Fang Yang. As it reformed, the Buddha Emperor's Sword became even more solid and thicker! It slashed at Dong Fang Yang's head, so fast that Dong Fang Yang had no time to defend himself.
This was also the power of the "Void Sword" — it allowed the sword to move freely.
Now that Luo Zheng had unleashed these four swords, the power source that had been poured into them only occupied an extremely small portion of the nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. However, Luo Zheng could adjust it as he wished.
Just now, Luo Zheng had already seen the power of the black axe, so he didn't fight with Dong Fang Yang head-on. The Buddha Emperor's Sword was destroyed by Dong Fang Yang's attack, but when Dong Fang Yang relaxed, Luo Zheng suddenly released fifty percent of his power. In that instant, the Buddha Emperor's Sword became much more powerful, and its speed and power far surpassed before.
Dong Fang Yang felt the power close at hand, and his eyes narrowed slightly. There was even a hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth, and then the Buddha Emperor's Sword slashed at his head!
"Ge …"
The formless Buddha Emperor's Sword slashed at his neck, making a muffled sound.
If it were another True God, his head would have fallen to the ground. However, a yellow light appeared on the surface of Dong Fang Yang's body, and it blocked the Buddha Emperor's Sword.
At the same time, a crack appeared on the ground under Dong Fang Yang's feet.
Dongfang Yang used the Thick Earth Divine Dao to transfer the power of Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor Sword to the ground.
The cracks on the ground continued to spread and quickly spread towards Luo Zheng. When the cracks spread to Luo Zheng's feet, an invisible force suddenly shot out and shot towards Luo Zheng!
This power was the power of the Buddha Emperor's Sword. After being absorbed by Dongfang Yang, it was transmitted through the ground and returned to Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's reaction could not be said to be slow. The Chongyang Sword by his side had already pressed down heavily.
The Chongyang Sword focused on "protection" and was the heaviest. Under this pressure, there was a "dong" sound and the invisible force was dissolved.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed slightly …
The Thick Earth Divine Dao was similar to the power transfer he had mastered in the universe.
However, Luo Zheng had inherited the will of the entire universe and could transfer the power to the entire universe. However, Dongfang Yang seemed to be only able to transfer the power to the ground. He even transmitted the power to himself through the ground.
"Aunt Hanjiu's Virtual Sword is indeed worthy of its reputation. You can continue," Dongfang Yang said with a smile.
Luo Zheng snorted and flicked his fingers. The Buddha Emperor Sword, the Heavenly Teeth Sword, and the Long Vine Sword took turns to attack Dongfang Yang.
Dongfang Yang could indeed transfer the power to the ground. However, there was a limit. Once the limit was exceeded, the layer of yellow Taoist Connotation protecting him would eventually collapse!
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The three Virtual Swords kept dancing around Dongfang Yang like a pack of wolves on the grassland. As long as they found the right opportunity, they would bite Dongfang Yang.
At first, Dongfang Yang tried to use the black axe to defend himself. However, Luo Zheng's Phantom Sword was unpredictable. Even if he managed to defeat it, the Phantom Sword would re-form in a short period of time and slash at him. Therefore, Dongfang Yang gave up on defending himself and diverted the attacks to himself.
"Rumble …"
Cracks kept appearing on the ground under Dongfang Yang's feet. These cracks were caused by Luo Zheng's own attacks. Dongfang Yang had returned all the power to Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng controlled the three Long Swords to attack Dongfang Yang crazily. At the same time, he circled around Dongfang Yang and kept avoiding the cracks. The fight between the two was in a deadlock.
However, Dongfang Yang was much more relaxed. He only needed to stand still and return the power to Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how long Luo Zheng could hold on.
Luo Zheng was also not in a hurry …
Since he had exposed his identity as an anonymous person, he didn't need to hide his other Divine Skills except for the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Luo Zheng had incorporated the Deep Earth Divine Dao into the Infinite Ruler. However, the ordinary Divine Skills of the Deep Earth Divine Dao could only borrow the power of the earth. Dongfang Yang's power transfer must be an Extraterritorial Divine Skill of the Dongfang Family.
Luo Zheng had once mastered the Divine Skill of "Power Transfer", so he knew that this Divine Skill was really powerful. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng's eyes quietly flashed with two small golden wheels and started to analyze the Taoist Connotation emitted from Dongfang Yang's body!
"This Extraterritorial Divine Skill is really ingenious!"
Soon, Luo Zheng understood the principle of this Extraterritorial Divine Skill.
"However, it still can't be compared with the power transfer in the universe … Dongfang Yang can only transfer the power to the earth within a radius of 300 meters. I've just mastered this Divine Skill, so the range is even smaller, about 30 meters."
When Luo Zheng completely understood this Extraterritorial Divine Skill, more and more cracks appeared around Dongfang Yang.
The ground under his feet became softer and softer as if it had been plowed. Finally, it had turned into a pile of broken soil.
"It's about time!"
Luo Zheng smiled and suddenly waved his hand. The Long Vine Sword and the Heavenly Tooth Sword had already drilled into the soil layer.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Dongfang Yang was slightly surprised. He didn't know what Luo Zheng was doing.
In an instant, a circular crack suddenly appeared around Dongfang Yang. Then, Dongfang Yang felt a tremor under his feet. A large piece of land under his feet suddenly rose up!
"Your Divine Skill is really powerful. As long as you're connected to the earth, you're invincible. Unfortunately, you've been bitten by the Wild Blood Desolation Bite and can't move freely. As long as the connection between you and the earth is cut off … it'll be very fun!"
Luo Zheng said indifferently as he raised his right hand high.
Under the piece of land that Dongfang Yang was standing on, the Long Vine Sword turned into countless vines and supported the whole piece of land. At the same time, some of the vines passed through the land and tightly wrapped around Dongfang Yang's legs. Dongfang Yang was lifted into the air just like that …
Because Dongfang Yang was moving from the bottom to the top, the wound on his neck caused by the Wild Blood Desolation Bite began to slowly ooze blood again.
After saying that …
Luo Zheng gently waved his right hand.

Chapter 1920
Zhan Ming had been following behind Dongfang Ning because he was afraid that Dongfang Ning would kill Luo Zheng.
Unexpectedly, all of a sudden, Dongfang Ning seemed to have seen his natural enemy. In an instant, he pulled away from Luo Zheng.
If it weren't for the canyon blocking Dongfang Ning's way, he would have been nowhere to be found …
The others were also puzzled, not knowing what Dongfang Ning was afraid of.
Luo Zheng himself couldn't control the violent energy in his Inner World. He didn't even have a way to activate it. Luo Zheng had tried many times in the Time Chamber, but he still didn't succeed …
Just now, he had no choice but to use this method under Dongfang Ning's coercion. If he could force the energy out of his body in a short time, it would have a terrible effect just by exploding it aimlessly.
Luo Zheng never expected that Dongfang Ning would have such a reaction.
Leaning against the cliff of the valley, the fear on Dongfang Ning's face gradually dissipated, but he was still full of vigilance.
His perception was sharp and powerful. Especially in the face of a life-and-death crisis, it could always stimulate a strong fighting instinct. This was one of his talents. Just now, he had this illusion between life and death.
Generally, when he had this feeling, Dongfang Ning would explode with the most powerful counterattack to kill his opponent.
But Dongfang Chunjun asked him not to hurt this guy, so Dongfang Ning's only choice was to leave as quickly as possible …
Until now, Dongfang Ning still didn't understand how the strange Taoist Connotation in Luo Zheng's body came out. Why did it give him such a strong sense of oppression?
After scaring Dongfang Ning away, Luo Zheng looked at Dongfang Yang again.
Seeing that Luo Zheng scared his brother away and then looked at him with such a gaze, Dongfang Yang suddenly shivered.
He was now powerless and was entangled by Luo Zheng's Long Vine Sword. How could he resist? His originally bloodless face was now as pale as a dead man's.
If he really killed Dongfang Yang, Dongfang Chunjun outside the Forbidden Area might not let him go …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's right hand suddenly shook.
"Crackle …"
The layer of ice on the surface of his right hand cracked quickly. Then, he waved his hand downward, and the Long Vine Sword dragged Dongfang Yang down from the air. Dongfang Yang's blood was still dripping from the wound caused by the "Bloody Desolation Bite".
While Luo Zheng was slowly walking towards Dongfang Yang, Dongfang Ning's legs suddenly kicked against the mountain wall. Like an agile swallow, he flew twice in the air and stopped steadily on one side.
At the same time, Zhan Ming stood calmly on the other side and advised Luo Zheng, "Brother, don't be rash. If he's willing to return the Shenwu Coins to you, we'll forget about this matter!"
"Yang, return the Shenwu Coins to this brat." Dongfang Ning also had a headache dealing with Luo Zheng. He just wanted to end this matter quickly.
He knew that Dongfang Chunjun was watching him, but he couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Moreover, this kid was full of strange things. If he failed miserably, he would lose face, and he wouldn't be able to raise his head in front of the Holy Emperor in the future!
"Give it to me!" Luo Zheng said coldly as he extended his hand to Dongfang Yang.
Dongfang Yang's face showed his unwillingness. He looked at his brother for help. He couldn't understand why his brother was so afraid of this brat. Dongfang Ning was the top of the upper true gods. Killing this brat was as easy as snapping his fingers.
"Return the Shenwu Coins you took to Luo Zheng, and then apologize to him," Dongfang Ning ordered.
"I can return the Shenwu Coins to him, but there's no need to apologize …" Dongfang Yang's face was filled with shame and anger. When had the Dongfang family ever apologized to anyone?
"Do as I say!" Dongfang Ning said coldly.
Seeing that Dongfang Ning had turned hostile, Dongfang Yang's face was full of resentment. He struggled to take out the Shenwu Coins from his Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng had killed as many Venomous Wolf Scorpions as he had killed the upper true gods. Dongfang Yang took out all the Shenwu Coins, which piled up like a small mountain. There were probably more than a hundred thousand Shenwu Coins.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and an invisible energy enveloped the Shenwu Coins. With a slight shake of his hand, the energy poured into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng's method of absorbing the Shenwu Coins seemed simple, but in reality, it was to turn the energy into an invisible funnel. Moreover, the funnel was a distance away from Luo Zheng. The principle behind it was the same as using the God Slaying Sword Array.
This brat could really separate the source of energy from his body at will. It was just a mystery how he had mastered the Transmigration Divine Ability …
Seeing this, Dongfang Ning and Zhan Ming sighed in their hearts.
After Luo Zheng took the Shenwu Coins, he turned and walked towards the statue of the goddess. At the same time, he said to Dongfang Ning, "I don't need an apology from this brat."
"You!"
Dongfang Yang's face was full of anger as he stared at Luo Zheng's back.
However, Luo Zheng didn't even turn around.
"Big brother Tianxing, you're too amazing!" Han Biluo clapped her hands and smiled, her face full of admiration.
The rich and powerful playboys of the floating island always had conflicts, but very few of them could make the Dongfang family's disciples suffer.
Dongfang Yang was taught a lesson. Han Biluo felt that Luo Tianxing was really amazing!
"Amazing? Fortunately, Dongfang Ning has some reservations. Otherwise, we would be in trouble today, "Han Chuyue said worriedly.
Han Chuyue and Han Liusu knew Luo Zheng much better than Han Biluo. It wasn't that Luo Zheng had no chance of winning against Dongfang Yang, but they didn't think that Dongfang Yang would be no match for Luo Zheng.
The two sisters were most worried about Dongfang Ning. If Dongfang Ning wanted to kill Luo Zheng here, other than Zhan Ming and the other upper true gods, no one else could stop him. As for whether Zhan Ming would be willing to risk his life for Luo Zheng, that was still a question.
"It's fine. I'm just taking back my Shenwu Coins," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Not far away, Han Liusu secretly let out a sigh of relief. Beside her, Leng Linyue's gaze turned gloomy.
A few true gods noticed that the conflict here had ended and moved to kill the remaining Venomous Wolf Scorpions. After all the Venomous Wolf Scorpions were killed, another tremor came from the canyon.
"The third wave of monsters is coming. Everyone spread out. According to past experience, the third wave of monsters are usually birds," Zhan Ming reminded loudly.
As soon as he finished speaking, black things flew out from the four mountain passes around the canyon …
"Gagagaga …"
Just as Zhan Ming said, the third wave of monsters was naturally birds.
Those jet-black birds were called Dark Crows. They were a type of monster in the fourth rank forbidden area, Black Fog Forest. The Dark Crows were extremely fast, and they didn't attack the true gods in the canyon. Instead, they went straight for the goddess statue.
If the goddess statue broke, everyone would fail and they would no longer have the chance to enter the second layer of the Sea of Time.
"Quickly stop those Dark Crows!"

Chapter 1921
"Caw caw caw caw …"
The crows swarmed out, turning into black clouds that covered the sky.
The distance between the four mountain passes and the Goddess statue wasn't far. In the blink of an eye, the crows at the front had already covered one-third of the distance!
"Everyone, don't panic! Although there are many crows, they're easy to kill! "
As Zhan Ming spoke, he took a deep breath. His battle intent surged as he flew into the air. His right hand clenched into a fist, causing his veins to bulge as he punched the crows in the sky!
"Dong!"
Even though it hit empty air, it still produced a dull echo.
The fighting spirit gathered on his fist formed a fist shadow, and this fist shadow shot diagonally towards the sky!
According to Zhan Ming's estimation, this punch could at least knock down this large group of crows in front of him …
However, when the huge fist shadow smashed into the crows, a light blue ball of light appeared around the crows' bodies. These balls of light flashed and actually blocked Zhan Ming's fist shadow!
"It's the Mystic Transformation Orb! I knew it wouldn't be that simple! "Zhan Ming said through gritted teeth, his expression extremely ugly.
The Mystic Transformation Orb was also a type of faith treasure. Like the Stargate, it was a one-time consumable item. The Mystic Transformation Orb was a unique faith treasure in the Black Fog Forest, and this faith treasure was even more precious than the Stargate.
Because the Mystic Transformation Orb was extremely rare in the Black Fog Forest, and it might only appear once every ten years, the Mystic Transformation Orb would be auctioned off on the floating island, reaching a sky-high price of 400,000 Shenwu coins.
Its rarity wasn't the reason why the Mystic Transformation Orb was so valuable, but because of its miraculous effects.
After using the Mystic Transformation Orb, this faith treasure would quietly merge with the True God's body. Normally, no one would be able to detect its existence, but once someone launched a fatal attack, the Mystic Transformation Orb would display a strange power that could prevent one fatal attack!
To many True Gods, the Mystic Transformation Orb was equivalent to a second life. After all, it was something that could save a life at a critical moment, so its price was naturally high.
Zhan Ming's attack could completely wipe out a large group of crows, but all of the crows were wrapped up by the Mystic Transformation Orb!
These weak crows didn't block Zhan Ming's attack, but relied on the Mysterious Transformation Orb's ability to resist Zhan Ming's fist shadows, so when he smashed his fist, not a single crow was killed!
At the same time, the Dark Crows in other parts of the canyon also flashed with blue halos.
"Ah, so many Mysterious Transforming Magic Balls …" Han Biluo curled her lips and opened her eyes wide, "If these Mysterious Transforming Magic Balls can be stripped from the Dark Crows, wouldn't we be rich!"
A single Transforming Mystic Magic Ball was worth hundreds of thousands of Shenwu Coins, and each of the Dark Crows here had used one. This black mass of Dark Crows was equivalent to using hundreds of thousands of Transforming Mystic Magic Balls. According to Han Bi Luo's imagination, this was indeed a sky-high price.
However, the Mysterious Transformation Magic Sphere was a supreme treasure of faith. Once it was used, it was impossible for it to be restored to its original state.
"Stop dreaming, even if these Dark Crows don't hurt people, we still have to attack!" Han Chuyue said and began to attack the Dark Crows in the sky.
Zhan Ming's first fist did not have any effect, so he followed up with a second fist.
The Mysterious Transformation Magic Balls inside the Dark Crows were already broken. When the weak Dark Crows touched the fist shadows, they were instantly smashed into meat paste. Large patches of black feathers fluttered in the sky, and at the same time, large amounts of Shenwu Coins fell down!
According to previous experience, these Dark Crows relied on their extreme speed to destroy the goddess statue, but they were easy to kill. With many True Gods going all out, it was not difficult to kill them.
But this time, these Dark Crows had the Mysterious Transformation Magic Balls, so killing them would require at least two attacks. The difficulty had increased by more than double!
As the Dark Crows were killed, Shenwu Coins fell from the sky. Zhan Ming did not have time to pick them up, but continued to kill the Dark Crows in the sky.
"Four swords, open!"
Luo Zheng looked at the black mass of Dark Crows and summoned four invisible swords.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu!"
The four swords faced upwards, spiraled up, and quickly spread out in the air, and began to swing towards the Dark Crows.
When the four swords swung past the Dark Crows, the surface of the Dark Crows' bodies flashed with azure blue light, and were immune to the Buddha Emperor Sword's attack. However, Luo Zheng split the four swords into two swords. Just as the Buddha Emperor Sword swept past, the Double Sun Sword followed closely behind.
After losing the protection of the Mysterious Transformation Magic Ball, the Double Sun Sword gently swung, and countless Dark Crows let out strange cries and fell from the sky. On the other side, the Long Vine Sword and Heavenly Fang Sword did the same. With the four swords shuttling back and forth, Luo Zheng was able to defend the area in front of him. Shenwu Coins fell like rain, mixed with the Dark Crows' black feathers.
However, as soon as he killed over a thousand Dark Crows, another black swarm of Dark Crows flew towards him.
Luo Zheng did not have time to pick up the Shenwu Coins on the ground, and could only control the four swords to charge into the sky again …
With all the True Gods working together, they were still able to control the situation at first. At least, the Dark Crows that came from all directions could only fly halfway to the goddess statue before they were killed.
But soon, there was a problem.
Because the Sea of Time forbidden zone's difficulty had increased, the rewards had also increased.
These Dark Crows were the same as the Venomous Wolf Scorpion. Every time one was killed, a Shenwu Coin would fall.
Normally, a trip to an ordinary forbidden zone would yield four to five hundred Shenwu Coins, which was already a great harvest. Now, with a single slash, a few hundred Shenwu Coins would fall. After a few attacks, the ground was covered with a thick layer of Shenwu Coins. This sea of Shenwu Coins made people feel like they were in a dream. Even the True Gods who participated in the Transit of the Sun Festival, who were the cream of the crop, could not resist the temptation.
A True God took the time to put the Shenwu Coins into his Sumeru Space while killing the Dark Crows …
When another True God saw this, he was instantly displeased. He had worked so hard to kill the Dark Crows, but this guy was secretly picking up the Shenwu Coins. Thus, the second True God also began to work hard to collect the Shenwu Coins.
Greed was easily contagious. Many True Gods felt unbalanced and began to scramble to pick up the Shenwu Coins on the ground. Because these Dark Crows were not like the Venomous Wolf Scorpion, it was difficult to tell who killed them. Some True Gods even had disputes over the Shenwu Coins, and there were even signs of fighting.
Because of this, the defensive line built around the goddess statue began to show signs of weakness.
A large flock of Dark Crows broke through the defensive line and headed straight for the goddess statue.
"Everyone, don't be in a hurry to pick up the Shenwu Coins! These Shenwu Coins can be divided equally. Everyone, work together to get through this wave of Dark Crows. The rewards later will only be better! " Zhan Ming's face was filled with anger. He secretly cursed these True Gods for being short-sighted. If the second and third waves of monsters already had such rewards, the rewards later would probably be even more amazing. It was even possible that there would be faith treasures.
However, these True Gods were destined to only see this moment. They were afraid that the Shenwu Coins beneath their feet would be snatched away by other True Gods. How could they have the time to care about the Dark Crows above them?
"Kakaka …"

Chapter 1922
True Gods who had ventured into the forbidden area of the Black Fog Forest knew that the Dark Crows were not a powerful creature in the Black Fog Forest. Even a lower True God could easily kill them.
These Dark Crows gathered densely in the shadows of the Black Fog Forest. Whenever there was a prey attack, they would fly all over the sky and attack the True God.
To kill a True God, many Dark Crows would fall. However, as long as a True God was approached by several Dark Crows, they would erupt with powerful destructive power.
The destructive power of the Dark Crows' beak was quite great. Even a middle True God would find it difficult to resist its attack. If one was surrounded by a group of Dark Crows, their skull would be pecked through in the blink of an eye.
After the group of Dark Crows rushed to the Goddess statue, they stretched out their long beaks and pecked at the huge Goddess statue.
"Duk duk duk duk duk …"
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the goddess statue, as if they were scars.
If this group of Dark Crows were allowed to peck at the Goddess statue, it would not take long for the statue to be completely destroyed.
Luo Zheng looked at the rapidly spreading cracks on the surface of the Goddess statue. His heart was moved and he rushed towards the Goddess statue.
However, before he could get close to the Goddess statue, he saw a curvaceous figure floating over. It was Mu Ning, who was holding a short sword and dressed in martial arts attire. Red light flickered under her feet as she ran around the Goddess statue!
The circle turned into a strange killing array.
Then, a strange rune appeared on the heads of all the Dark Crows lying on the Goddess statue!
"All of you, die!"
Her round eyes revealed a touch of killing intent and her figure disappeared in an instant.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
Mu Ning slashed at the backs of all the Dark Crows at an incredible speed.
These Dark Crows flashed with the light of the Mysterious Transformation Magic Ball and blocked Mu Ning's first slash. They were still pecking at the Goddess statue with all their might, and the cracks were rapidly expanding.
After Mu Ning slashed with her blade, she gently tapped her foot and said, "Again!"
As her voice fell, her figure disappeared again …
"Swish swish swish swish …"
This time, all the Dark Crows lying on the surface of the Goddess statue were cut in two, and black feathers fluttered down.
Throughout the entire process, Mu Ning had only made two moves, but she had cleanly beheaded all the Dark Crows.
When she turned around and saw Luo Zheng, she subconsciously revealed a provocative look. She glared at Luo Zheng, tilted her head and thought for a while before saying, "Come on!" As she spoke, she looked up into the sky and saw another large flock of crows flying over. Her figure flashed and once again formed a circle that enveloped the flock of crows …
Luo Zheng smiled, and the four swords also flew up into the sky.
Because the True Gods were fighting for the shenwu coins, the remaining True Gods who were determined to kill the Dark Crow were having a hard time. In order to protect the goddess statue, they had no choice but to shrink their encirclement and lean against the goddess statue.
Even so, a few Dark Crows were still able to break through the defensive line and would occasionally stick to the statue. Although these Dark Crows were killed in a short period of time, they still caused a certain amount of damage to the statue.
"We can't go on like this!" Zhan Ming roared, "Stop picking up Shenwu Coins! After killing these Yin Crows, we will split the Shenwu coins equally! "
Zhan Ming's words had no effect at all …
When the True Gods saw that a small portion of the goddess statue was damaged, they already had thoughts of giving up.
Since they couldn't enter the second level of the forbidden area, they might as well take the opportunity to get as much as they could. If they wasted such a great opportunity, they would definitely regret it in the future.
Aside from Zhan Ming, Dongfang Ning and the other True Gods' faces also darkened …
These True Gods were naturally more ambitious than ordinary True Gods. Shenwu Coins were tempting, but they also hoped to obtain better opportunities. However, these people in front of them didn't have any foresight. They only cared about the benefits before them!
"Let me do it." At this time, an Upper True God stepped forward.
"Mystic Moon Pavilion?" Zhan Ming was stunned, then a trace of joy appeared on his face. "That's the most suitable!"
Mystic Moon Pavilion and Zhan Ming came from the floating island of the Mystic Moon Clan. They were considered members of the same clan, but they belonged to the Mystic Moon Cult and the War God Temple respectively.
The situation in the canyon had gone out of control. It wasn't that they couldn't kill the Dark Crows. Even if they had to kill each Dark Crow twice, this was only the third wave of monsters. It wasn't that they couldn't resist. The key was that the people were distracted. Everyone was addicted to greed and wanted to snatch the Shenwu Coins.
Mystic Moon Pavilion cultivated the "Great Art of Domination"!
Mystic Moon Pavilion took a deep breath. A light brown gemstone appeared in between his eyebrows. This was a pure spirit stone that could greatly enhance the aura of one's soul!
When the light brown gemstone began to shine brightly, the True Gods in the canyon suddenly felt an extremely powerful soul pressure. It was as if a Saint had descended here!
Mystic Moon Pavilion was only an Upper True God. The strength of his soul naturally wasn't as terrifying as a Saint's. In fact, it was far from being comparable to a Great Perfection True God.
However, when the Great Art of Domination was used, it could create an irresistible aura. It gave people the illusion that a Saint had really descended. Everyone, including the True Gods who were fighting for the Shenwu Coins, felt a chill in their hearts!
"Everyone, let's get through this wave of Dark Crows first. When this wave is over, we'll divide the Shenwu Coins equally!"
"Those who don't submit, die!"
Mystic Moon Pavilion roared when he said the word "die".
The True Gods felt their hearts tremble. It was as if Mystic Moon Pavilion's order couldn't be disobeyed, and if they did, they would really die …
In truth, if these True Gods stubbornly continued to pick up the Shenwu Coins, Mystic Moon Pavilion wouldn't have joined forces with the other Upper True Gods to kill them all. After all, there were so many Saints outside the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. The True Gods and Saints here were all inextricably linked. Without a proper reason, they couldn't kill these True Gods.
However, these True Gods subconsciously chose to believe him!
This was the miraculous part of the Great Art of Domination. When the Great Art of Domination was cultivated to a very high level, one's every move would have a powerful leadership force. Anyone would have to humbly submit before it.
"Let's kill these Dark Crows first!"
"Since Mystic Moon Pavilion said we should divide the Shenwu Coins equally, we'll definitely divide them equally later. Everyone, stop fighting!"
"Another large flock of Dark Crows is coming!"
The True Gods abruptly came to a realization. In an instant, they were brimming with fighting spirit. They gave up on picking up the Shenwu Coins and began to resist the Dark Crows.
In truth, these True Gods' thoughts weren't based on their original intentions. They were just thoughts that had been bewitched by the Great Art of Domination.
No matter what, the effect was achieved.

Chapter 1923
The Dark Crows were crushed one after another, and a thick layer of Shenwu coins piled up in the canyon.
The total amount of Shenwu coins added up was not something any wealthy clan could ignore. However, under Mystic Moon Pavilion's suppression, no one dared to fight for the coins!
Everyone was doing their best to kill the Dark Crows in the sky.
If the first wave of Lieyun Butterfly and the second wave of Venomous Wolf Scorpions were easy, the third wave of Dark Crows was enough to make everyone feel pressured.
After an incense stick's worth of time …
No more Dark Crows appeared in the canyon's four entrances.
The third wave of monsters finally came to an end …
Mystic Moon Pavilion retreated to the side, and the light brown gem on his forehead dimmed before slowly disappearing …
The pressure that surged out from his body also dissipated.
With Mystic Moon Pavilion no longer suppressing the True Gods, the True Gods instantly felt relieved. Looking at the Shenwu coins, their eyes were once again filled with greed.
If they were not stopped, these True Gods would probably fall into a fight over the coins in the next moment!
"No one touch the Shenwu coins on the ground! Gather all the Shenwu coins together! "
Zhan Ming shouted. The battle intent in his body boiled, and a powerful aura emanated from him.
If they really fought over the Shenwu coins, the Lower True Gods and Middle True Gods would have no chance. In the end, all the Shenwu coins would end up in the hands of the Upper True Gods.
It was not difficult for the True Gods to understand this, so they did not act rashly.
Following that, Zhan Ming and the other Upper True Gods waved their hands, gathering the Shenwu coins on the ground into a small hill that was forty to fifty feet tall.
These upper true gods surrounded the small hill, and no one dared to come up and fight for it. Moreover, there were seven to eight hundred thousand Shen Martial Coins in the small hill, and it was quite a lot for every true god to split it evenly.
Thus, under Zhan Ming's command, all the True Gods collected the Shenwu coins in an orderly manner.
After distributing the Shenwu coins, Zhan Ming said, "The first, second, and third waves of monsters are only the most basic trials. According to past experience, the fourth wave will not have many monsters, but it will be extremely powerful. Everyone, be careful."
Many True Gods nodded their heads.
They did not know how long they could hold out here, but the longer they lasted, the more rewards they would receive. With hope in their hearts, they would naturally be more persistent.
"Rumble …"
As soon as Zhan Ming's voice fell, the canyon trembled again.
Everyone was staring at the mountain passes, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
After a while, Luo Zheng saw a flaming sword in Ya's mouth. Then he saw a huge black claw holding the flaming sword. On the back of the huge claw, there were spikes.
Boom!
Along with the sound of footsteps, a huge figure walked out of the mountain pass.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
With every step the figure took, the entire canyon shook.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, his eyes full of surprise.
It was a monster that was fifty to sixty feet tall.
Compared to the huge monsters in the Takeshima Forest, this monster was not particularly tall.
However, this monster's appearance was too ferocious. Just its appearance alone gave people a strong sense of oppression. No one was willing to face it directly!
There were two huge goat horns on its head. Its face was not covered by skin, and only its bones were exposed. Two deep red eyeballs were exposed, and the outer circle of the eyeballs was burning with flames. Its body emitted a pungent smell of sulfur.
"It's a monster from the abyss!"
"Oh my god, the abyss demon is coming out!"
"Who will go first …"
Among the four forbidden areas, the most terrifying one was the abyss demon region.
The Sea of Time forbidden area was a level six forbidden area, and True Gods usually did not explore too deep into the forbidden area. After all, the Sea of Time forbidden area was special. The deeper you went, the stranger the time laws were. Some of the time laws could not be resisted by even those who had reached perfection. Therefore, ordinary True Gods would stop at the second level, and those who had reached perfection would explore the third level at most.
Very few perfection True Gods dared to enter the fourth level of the Sea of Time forbidden area.
As for the fifth and sixth levels, they were not open at all. This was the rule set by the female leader of the Blind Tribe.
The abyss demon region did not have those strange time laws.
However, almost all the terrifying legends in the entire Divine Realm came from the abyss demon region.
Over the course of countless divine epochs, trillions of divine citizens and true gods had rich imaginations of death, hell, and so on. These imaginations turned into negative faith power that continuously gathered in the Abyss Demon Domain, giving birth to the most terrifying forbidden area.
It was said that at the lowest level of the abyss demon region, some powerful demons could even kill saints!
The abyss demon was only a vicious creature that existed on the surface of the abyss demon region. However, it was not an existence that ordinary True Gods could fight against. Even Zhan Ming, Mystic Moon Xiaolou, and other Upper True Gods felt that it was very troublesome to deal with.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
What was even worse was that there was not only one abyss demon, but four of them.
After they appeared from the four mountain passes, they waved the huge flame swords in their hands and slowly walked towards the statue of the goddess. Their tails formed from black bones swayed like long whips behind them, and there was a diamond-shaped spike hanging at the back of the tail, which was also one of the sharp weapons of abyssal devil envoys.
Fortunately, the abyss demon moved very slowly. Step by step, it left a footprint on the ground and slowly walked toward the Goddess statue with a very steady pace.
"I've never been to the abyss demon region." Zhan Ming remained calm and asked, "Who has experience?"
The abyss demon region was not a place that anyone could go.
"Me." Dongfang Ning smiled faintly.
"How do we deal with it?" Zhan Ming asked.
"This thing is very powerful …" Dongfang Ning shook his head. "None of the Upper True Gods here can take a hit from it."
Hearing Dongfang Ning's words, all the True Gods' hearts sank slightly. Some True Gods subconsciously looked at the Starry Gate. Since even an Upper True God was no match for the Abyss Devil Envoy, they might as well escape as soon as possible. If they could get such a large amount of Shenwu Coins, it would be worth it.
"If that's the case, we might as well give up!"
"Even Upper True Gods are no match for it. We'll only be courting death if we go up."
"The harvest from this trip to the Sea of Time has far exceeded our expectations. It's not a pity …"
Just as all the True Gods were talking at once, Dongfang Ning stared at the abyss demon that was walking slowly in the distance and continued, "However, the abyss demon's biggest weakness is that it's extremely slow. It's actually a kind of puppet made from the bones of demons. It doesn't have much intelligence. If you want to kill it, you have to reduce its speed as much as possible. At the same time, you just have to stay away from it."

Chapter 1924
The True Gods present naturally understood Dongfang Ning's words, but they were still uncertain.
Dongfang Ning had always been a loner. Although he was powerful, he wasn't good at commanding like Zhan Ming, nor did he have the temperament of a leader like Xuanyue Xiaolou.
Seeing that everyone was silent, Dongfang Ning revealed a helpless expression. He could only say to Zhan Ming, "You command. The first step is to slow down these guys as much as possible. It's not difficult …"
Zhan Ming nodded and glanced at everyone. "Xiaolou, lead a team to deal with the Abyss Devil Envoy in the east!"
"Dongfang Yang, Fang Yin, and …"
"…"
In the blink of an eye, Zhan Ming divided the True Gods present into four teams. Then, these True Gods surrounded the four Abyss Devil Envoys.
Luo Zheng was assigned to Dongfang Ning's team.
After all, Dongfang Ning had the experience of exploring the Abyssal Demon Region. He rushed towards the Abyssal Demon Envoy and stopped when he was about six meters away from it. Then he pointed at the Abyssal Demon Envoy and said, "Go!"
Translucent ice butterflies floated toward the Abyss Devil Envoy.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
These ice butterflies kept colliding and suddenly turned into butterfly-shaped frost marks, imprinting on the Abyss Devil Envoy's body.
The Abyss Devil Envoy was originally very slow. After the butterflies imprinted on the surface of the Abyss Devil Envoy's body, its speed dropped by half. It was like a person walking in slow motion, taking one step every one or two breaths.
"You guys do it too!" Dongfang Ning shouted. Only then did he realize that the others were following behind him without saying a word. They were actually watching him move.
With Dongfang Ning's shout, the other True Gods also made their moves.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and patted lightly. The formless Long Vine Sword shot out and turned into formless vines that kept entangling the Abyss Devil Envoy.
The Abyss Devil Envoy's strength was shocking. It could break those vines by lifting its leg. However, the Long Vine Sword also brought a considerable obstruction to the Abyss Devil Envoy. Its movement speed dropped by another 20% …
"Falling Snow Entanglement!"
A middle True God emitted the Dao of Snow Imprint Divine Dao.
Then, a white cloud appeared above the Abyss Devil Envoy. Snowflakes kept falling from the cloud, forming a constantly rotating blizzard that completely enveloped the Abyss Devil Envoy.
The other True Gods also used their own methods to restrict the movement of the Abyss Devil Envoy.
As they attacked, the speed of the Abyss Demon Envoy was constantly reduced. Every step he took was extremely difficult. He was like a puppet imitating a human.
"That's about it," Dongfang Ning said indifferently. "This Abyss Devil Envoy's body is very thick. Everyone, use your most powerful techniques!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Dongfang Ning gently flipped his palm and pulled out a translucent longsword. He condensed a little bit of extremely cold power in his arm and poured it all into the sword. This translucent longsword quickly turned blue and emitted cold air. Then, he fiercely slashed at the Abyss Devil Envoy from six meters away.
"Spirit Ice Slash!" He shouted coldly.
"Sou!"
The blue sword-light turned into a crescent shape and slashed at the Abyss Devil Envoy at an extremely fast speed.
The Abyss Devil Envoy was almost unable to move. He couldn't dodge Dongfang Ning's sword-light at all!
When the True Gods saw this sword-light, they were secretly shocked. Dongfang Ning was one of the best among the upper True Gods after all. This sword-light looked ordinary, but it contained a lot of power. If an ordinary True God was hit by this sword, how could he still be alive?
They wondered how many swords this Abyss Devil Envoy could take from Dongfang Ning.
In the blink of an eye, that icy-blue sword-light had fiercely slashed the Abyss Devil Envoy's body.
"Pa!"
When the sword-light touched the Abyss Devil Envoy, it suddenly exploded and released a dazzling blue light.
When the light dissipated, everyone focused their gazes, and they all revealed looks of astonishment.
There was only a shallow mark left on the Abyss Devil Envoy's chest!
"This Abyss Devil Envoy is so hard?"
"Dongfang Ning slashed with the cultivation of an upper True God, but it didn't move at all!"
"How do we kill it …"
Dongfang Ning didn't look surprised at all. Instead, he had a natural expression. "It's not easy to kill an Abyss Devil Envoy. There are only four of them here, so we can barely deal with them. The last time our Dongfang Family ventured into the Abyss Demon Region, we were chased by hundreds of Abyss Devil Envoys …"
One Abyss Devil Envoy was already so difficult to kill. Hundreds of Abyss Devil Envoys …
When the True Gods imagined that scene, they couldn't help but shiver.
Ordinary True Gods wouldn't explore the Abyss Demon Region. Only some elites from wealthy families would enter the forbidden land, the Abyss Demon Region, under detailed planning. However, the True Gods who entered to explore usually didn't have much luck.
"Everyone, attack." Dongfang Ning was too lazy to explain too much. He waved the longsword in his hand and slashed out sword-light continuously.
The other True Gods didn't hesitate anymore. Seeing that the Abyss Devil Envoy's movements were so slow, as long as they kept a distance, it was just a live target. There was nothing to be afraid of.
"Holy Thunder Death!"
"Pa pa pa …"
A True God released bolts of lightning that were as thick as buckets and crazily struck the Abyss Devil Envoy.
"Blood God Slash!"
"Weng …"
A giant blood-red blade slashed out horizontally, cutting the Abyss Devil Envoy's body and making a teeth-numbing sound.
Luo Zheng took out the other three longswords. After taking turns to attack, they also left traces of marks on the Abyss Devil Envoy's body …
The Abyss Devil Envoy was attacked by dozens of True Gods in turn, but it still stood tall. However, the attacks of the crowd seemed to have angered it. It waved the flaming sword in its hand and changed its direction, roaring, "Woo …"
It changed direction and rushed toward a True God.
However, various restraints were imposed on it, and even its sprint was extremely slow. The True Gods were like agile rabbits, retreating while attacking. The Abyss Devil Envoy was like a tortoise that took a beating. Although it had a thick defense, it couldn't touch any True God …
"It's very simple!" A True God said with a smile.
"This way, we can kill this guy sooner or later …"
"I wonder what the reward for killing the Abyss Devil Envoy will be. It's so powerful, will there be a faith treasure?"
When a True God said this, all the other True Gods' faces suddenly showed signs of interest. At the same time, they looked at Dongfang Ning with great caution.
If there really was a faith treasure, how would it be distributed?
It couldn't belong to Dongfang Ning alone, right?
Many True Gods faintly had a trace of suspicion in their hearts. If they worked so hard to kill the Abyss Devil Envoy only to end up making a wedding dress for someone else, no one would be happy.
"Ka, ka …"
As the True Gods continued to attack, cracks gradually appeared on the surface of the Abyss Devil Envoy's body. The two rows of barbed ribs on its chest also began to shatter one by one.
"It looks like it won't be able to hold on for much longer!"
"Everyone, let's work harder!"
Some True Gods even quietly closed the distance between themselves and the Abyss Devil Envoy. If killing the Abyss Devil Envoy really gave them some precious faith treasure, they must be the first to snatch it.
However, a crisis quietly arrived at this moment!
"Woo, woo, woo …"
The Abyss Devil Envoy exploded with an angry aura. At the same time, it raised the flaming sword in its hand, and the red flames in its eyes also spurted out.
At the same time, its bones were plated with a layer of golden light!
Under the cover of that layer of golden light, all magical abilities lost their effect. It actually rushed toward the nearest True God at an extremely fast speed.

Chapter 1925
That middle-level True God was suddenly grabbed by the Abyss Devil Envoy, and his eyes were filled with a dazed look.
After regaining his senses, this middle-level True God also frantically struggled, wanting to break free from the Abyss Devil Envoy's grasp!
However, the Abyss Devil Envoy was like a python that had coiled around its prey. No matter how this middle-level True God struggled, he couldn't break free from its grasp. He could only watch as it raised the flaming greatsword and pierced his chest!
Whoosh...
The flaming greatsword pierced through the middle-level True God's body, and blood spurted out from his wound before being evaporated by the raging flames. As the flames spread, they also completely engulfed the middle-level True God.
"Ahhhh!"
The Abyss Devil Envoy raised the flaming greatsword high up. The middle-level True God's body was still squirming and struggling on the greatsword, and at the same time, he let out shrill screams.
Finally, the screams finally stopped, and the middle-level True God's body also turned into ashes and scattered...
Whoosh...
The Abyss Devil Envoy brandished its sword.
The flames that leaped high seemed to have burned half the sky red.
The scorching flames spewed out billowing heatwaves, sweeping toward the True Gods.
The Abyss Devil Envoy, which was covered in golden light, rushed toward the True Gods at an extremely fast speed!
"Run!"
"What's going on? This guy's speed is so fast all of a sudden!"
The Abyss Devil Envoy's defense was astonishing, and its strength was ridiculously powerful. It was far from what ordinary True Gods could contend against. Perhaps only Great Perfection True Gods could fight it.
Relying on the golden light that appeared on the surface of its body, it broke free from all the restraints on its body, and its movement speed increased explosively. All the True Gods dodged one after another!
Luo Zheng's figure slid back continuously like a shuttle. As his hands danced lightly, the Double Sun Sword and Heavenly Fang Sword shuttled back and forth, still dealing heavy blows to the Abyss Devil Envoy.
Clang! Clang!
The two invisible longswords slashed the surface of the Abyss Devil Envoy, but with a crisp sound, the two swords actually collapsed from the collision.
The Abyss Devil Envoy completely ignored Luo Zheng and chased after him at an extremely fast speed, slashing out with its sword!
Three lower-level True Gods couldn't dodge in time and were directly cut in half at the waist by the Abyss Devil Envoy!
"Huff huff huff …"
Even if a True God was cut in half at the waist, it did not mean death.
But the flames on the greatsword came from the Abyssal Demon Domain. Just touching a wisp of it would cause the three lower True Divinities to be incinerated. Their faces twisted as they screamed and died in endless pain.
This scene struck a blow to the confidence of the gods. Except for Luo Zheng, no one else fought back against the Abyss Demon Envoy. Even Dongfang Ning and the other upper true gods circled around and looked at the Abyss Demon Envoy with vigilance. Even if these upper true gods were slashed by the Abyss Demon Envoy, they would still die!
"Wow! Wah! "
Just then, Luo Zheng heard another roar behind him.
He turned his head and saw that the other abyss devil envoy was also covered in a layer of golden light. At the same time, the abyss devil envoy brandished the blazing sword in his hand and began to chase after those true gods!
The other three teams also used the same method to deal with these Abyss Devil Envoys, but at the final stage, a layer of golden light suddenly appeared on the surface of these Abyss Devil Envoys, greatly increasing their strength!
"These Abyss Devil Envoys seem to only use this ability in times of crisis!" He looked up at Dongfang Ning and saw that Dongfang Ning's expression was also panicked. "It seems that Dongfang Ning also doesn't know that the difficulty of the Sea of Time has greatly increased. These Abyss Devil Envoys are also not ordinary Abyss Devil Envoys..."
"Wow..."
"Ah! Ah! "
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking of a way to deal with this, the screams of the girls came from the other side.
He turned his head and saw that Han Chuyue and Mu Ning couldn't dodge in time and were actually caught by the Abyss Devil Envoy!
"Oh no!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't care less about the Abyss Devil Envoy in front of him and shot toward Han Chuyue.
The Abyss Devil Envoy's huge hand directly pinched Han Chuyue and Mu Ning's slender waists, fiercely squeezing the two girls together. The other hand waved the blazing sword, looking like it wanted to cut off their heads!
"Chuyue!"
Han Liusu also screamed. The flaming spear in her hand flickered, turning into a wisp of flaming spear light that constantly refracted on the Abyss Devil Envoy's body. This spear light was extremely sharp and actually pierced through the layer of golden light on the surface of the Abyss Devil Envoy's body. It constantly refracted in his body, creating small holes!
But this little bit of damage was nothing to the Abyss Devil Envoy. It simply couldn't stop it!
"Chuyue!"
Han Biluo and Han Cangyan were also extremely anxious as they saw this.
Han Cangyan leapt up, erupting with an extremely formidable strength as he rushed towards the Abyss Devil Envoy.
Another upper True Divinity of the Mu Family, in order to save Mu Ning, also took out a floating saber and ruthlessly chopped down...
But to the Abyss Devil Envoy, these attacks were nothing more than tickles, unable to cause any substantial damage.
"Out of the way!"
Luo Zheng roared as he shot forward.
Hearing his roar, Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and the others were slightly taken aback, opening a path as quickly as they could.
Mu Ning and Han Chuyue, who were caught in the hands of the Abyss Devil Envoy, had faces full of horror and despair. Suddenly, they saw a figure rushing over at an extremely fast speed, instantly causing a glimmer of hope to flash in the eyes of the two women.
As for the other True Divinities, they had long fled far away. When they turned back and saw this scene, they could only reveal a trace of pity. These two women were destined to fall today. At the same time, they were secretly glad that they had run quickly just now.
"Fourth sword!"
Luo Zheng, who was rushing straight towards the Abyss Devil Envoy, frantically extracted the power of the world in his body. He extracted the power of the nine stars too quickly, causing the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars to maintain a high-speed rotation. The light emitted by them even dimmed for a while.
In the Arena of Gods, Luo Zheng didn't use all of his power against even the most powerful lower True Divinities.
He only extracted twenty to thirty percent of his power to maintain the operation of the four swords.
But at this moment, he no longer had any reason to be stingy. Almost in an instant, he extracted all of his power source!
The four formless long swords finally showed a sinister and terrifying aura in front of the world!
"Combine!"
The four long swords were originally scattered after being summoned by Luo Zheng, but with a thought, the four long swords quickly merged into one under his rotation to form an invisible giant sword!
This giant sword was almost the same as the giant sword in the hands of the Abyss Devil Envoy.
This giant sword condensed all of Luo Zheng's power source.
His power source came from Saint Jiu's gift, which was equivalent to one-third of a Saint's power.
Under Luo Zheng's constant tempering, the nine stars slowly expanded and became larger. They were able to hold more and more of the Origin of Power.
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't have the confidence to kill the Abyss Devil Envoy!
A monster that even an upper True Divinity couldn't kill with one strike, Luo Zheng couldn't kill with one strike.
Fortunately, his goal wasn't to kill the Abyss Devil Envoy, he just wanted to save Han Chuyue.
"There's a crack on the arm!"
The Abyss Devil Envoy had also been besieged by a group of True Divinities for a long time, and the surface of its body was full of potholes and cracks. Luo Zheng's gaze immediately locked onto the left arm of the Abyss Devil Envoy. There was a striking crack on the upper end of the left arm!
"It's here!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think too much. He controlled the giant sword to fiercely attack the crack on the right arm.
Han Chuyue and Mu Ning only felt a huge force pass over their heads. That force contained a terrifying power, as if as long as it touched them in the slightest, they would be smashed to pieces!
"Boom!"
"Kacha!"
Accompanied by a crisp sound.
The left arm of the Abyss Devil Envoy really broke from the crack …

Chapter 1926
Luo Zheng's all-out sword attack almost consumed 99% of his power source.
The nine stars in the inner world quickly dimmed …
Most of the creatures in the inner world didn't know what was going on. Only the Evil Deities looked up and murmured, "Master is fighting with a powerful opponent again …"
"Bang …"
The broken arm of the Abyss Demon Envoy grabbed Han Chuyue and Mu Ning and fell to the ground.
The True Gods in the canyon who saw this scene all stared with their eyes wide open!
Every True God knew how amazing the defensive power of these Abyss Demon Envoys was. They had almost used their strongest killing moves, but they couldn't cause any substantial damage to the Abyss Demon Envoy. The attacks of some lower True Gods couldn't even leave the slightest trace on the Abyss Demon Envoy's body.
Luo Tianxing's all-out attack actually cut off one of the Abyss Demon Envoy's arms …
What kind of power did this guy have in that attack?
If even the Abyss Demon Envoy couldn't block that attack, then who among the True Gods present could?
Although the Abyss Demon Envoy's arm was cut off, Han Chuyue and Mu Ning weren't out of danger!
The Abyssal Demon Envoy's flaming greatsword missed, followed by a vertical slash towards Han Chuyue and Mu Ning.
Luo Zheng had exhausted most of his power source and had lost his previous explosive power, so it was difficult for him to drag Han Chuyue out.
However, Han Cangyan on the side made a move. He formed a fist with one hand and condensed a pale golden fist shadow.
"Xiu!"
The fist shadow rapidly rotated and smashed toward the broken arm of the Abyss Demon Envoy.
At the same time, on the other side, the upper True God of the Mu family clenched his hands and pulled back heavily. An invisible gust of wind formed out of thin air and pulled Han Chuyue and Mu Ning toward him. With this pull and push, the two women and the arm instantly moved a distance of four to five feet on the ground.
"Kacha …"
The Abyss Demon Envoy's sword slashed down at the same time, but it was still a step slower. In the end, a huge crack appeared on the ground. Raging flames ignited in the crack, as if it had become an entrance to hell.
"Retreat!"
They had already been rescued from the hands of the Abyss Devil Envoy. Everyone quickly distanced themselves from the Abyss Devil Envoy, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
That attack just now had consumed 99% of his strength, and he could no longer rely on the power source to erupt with extremely high speed, but he could still quickly pull away from the Abyss Devil Envoy.
The upper True God of the Mu family reached out to pull Mu Ning out of the broken arm of the Abyss Devil Envoy, but she didn't move at all. The upper True God frowned slightly, grabbed a corner of the broken arm, and pulled the two women away.
"I'll take my leave first. Staying here is equivalent to courting death …"
"Quick, escape through the Stargate!"
Some of the True Gods saw that the situation was not good and rushed to the starry door below the goddess statue.
However, most of the True Gods did not escape. Instead, they kept a certain distance from the Abyss Devil Envoy.
Although these Abyssal Devil Envoys had thick skin and flesh and were extremely powerful, there were only four of them in the end. Moreover, their only means of attack was the huge flaming sword in their hands. If these guys hadn't suddenly erupted, they wouldn't have been as terrifying as imagined.
Dong, dong, dong, dong, dong …
The four Abyss Devil Envoys waved the huge flaming sword in their hands and ran madly over the True Gods. The True Gods relied on their nimble movements to constantly dodge.
After about ten breaths of time.
The golden light emitted by the Abyss Devil Envoys gradually dissipated, and their speed also rapidly slowed down.
"The golden light disappeared!"
"I knew that the golden light wouldn't last for long. Everyone, go!"
"…"
The True Gods who were originally frantically fleeing heaved a sigh of relief. These Abyss Devil Envoys were powerful, but once their speed slowed down, they were no threat at all.
"Frost Blast!"
"Huala!"
Thousands of ice crystals smashed toward the Abyss Devil Envoys like a storm, and layers of white frost lingered around them.
"Growth of All Things!"
"Whoosh …"
Thumb-sized vines grew out from the ground and quickly wrapped around the legs of the Abyss Devil Envoy.
All kinds of methods were used on the Abyss Devil Envoys, restricting their movements once again.
These four Abyss Devil Envoys were already mottled from the siege of the True Gods earlier. After losing the protection of the golden light, they could no longer resist the attacks of the True Gods.
"Crack!"
A huge crack suddenly appeared at the waist of one of the Abyss Devil Envoys. Its huge body lost its balance, and its upper body was actually severed at the waist and fell to the ground.
"Finally got rid of one!"
"This Abyss Devil Envoy is too powerful. Even if a Paragon True God wants to get rid of it alone, I'm afraid it won't be easy …"
"But it was killed by us! Hahaha! "
With everyone's cooperation, they actually killed such a powerful monster, which indeed made them very excited.
"Wu …"
The other Abyss Devil Envoy also let out a roar of despair.
Before that Abyss Devil Envoy died, it stabbed its flaming sword into the ground, knelt on one knee, and lowered its head. From then on, it didn't move anymore.
The remaining two Abyss Devil Envoys were also in a similar situation.
These Abyss Devil Envoys were indeed like what Dongfang Ning said. They were puppets assembled from the bones of Evil Demons, and it was very difficult to completely destroy them. However, after taking a certain amount of attacks, they completely lost their ability to move.
The four Abyss Devil Envoys were unable to move. The True Gods looked at each other, and their eyes revealed a fiery glow again.
"What's the reward for killing these Abyss Devil Envoys?"
"Will there be a large amount of Shenwu coins?"
"If there are only a few faith treasures, how will they be distributed …"
Hearing this, many Lower True Gods were at a loss, and those Upper True Gods quietly approached those Abyss Demons. Clearly, they had also thought of this point.
Even if it was a Level 1 or Level 2 faith treasure, it was also an incomparably precious existence.
If these four Abyss Devil Envoys were killed, four faith treasures would really appear, and they wouldn't need to protect the Goddess Statue anymore. An earth-shattering battle would probably break out here, and every True God in front of them would be their enemy!
These rich and powerful families had set many conventional rules in the forbidden area to prevent everyone from killing each other in the forbidden area.
However, in front of true temptation, these conventional rules were simply not worth mentioning …
Everyone abided by the rules because they would suffer losses if they violated the rules. Once the benefits obtained were greater than the losses, the so-called rules would become empty talk!
"Huala …"
"Huala …"
"Huala …"
"Huala …"
The four swords stabbed into the ground erupted with blazing flames, devouring the bodies of the Abyss Devil Envoys.
The raging flames continued to burn, and waves of invisible heat waves spread out like ripples.
However, not only did those True Gods not retreat, they instead faced these heat waves and continued to approach the Abyss Devil Envoys, the vigilance in their eyes becoming even more intense.
They weren't vigilant against the Abyss Devil Envoys, but the other True Gods.
Luo Zheng also quietly stood to the side, calmly looking at the raging flames. His strength source had been completely exhausted, and he needed some time to recover, so he couldn't participate in the fight.
After the Abyss Devil Envoys were burned to ashes, the flames gradually dissipated, leaving behind only a pile of black ashes …
"Nothing?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised, revealing a surprised expression.
"What the hell? Not even a single Shenwu coin? "
"My little brother paid the price with his life …"
"Sigh, even if the Abyss Devil Envoys left behind a pile of bones, it's still extremely valuable, but it was burned to nothing!"
The bones of these Abyss Devil Envoys came from real 'Demons', and even Upper True Gods found it difficult to shatter them. Just the bones alone were extremely valuable, but it was a pity that they had been burned to ashes.
"What is that!" a True God suddenly said.
Then everyone saw an orange light flickering from the ashes of the Abyss Devil Envoys.

Chapter 1927
When the other True Gods saw this upper True God's miserable state, none of them dared to touch this orange ball of light.
After that orange ball of light rolled on the ground for a while, it strangely floated up.
At the same time, the orange balls of light in the other three piles of ashes also floated up.
Buzz buzz buzz …
After a while, the fist-sized ball of light suddenly emitted rays of light.
The speed of these rays of light was extremely fast and connected to every True God in the blink of an eye.
Some True Gods tried to dodge, but they couldn't avoid these rays of light at all.
Luo Zheng was no exception. This ray of light hit his chest. He stretched out his hand and stroked back and forth on the ray of light, but it didn't fluctuate at all.
Not long after, the four balls of light quickly disappeared, and the rays of light that connected everyone also dissipated.
However, Luo Zheng discovered that there were three more orange patterns on his chest.
These patterns weren't divine patterns or Sanskrit, but they were somewhat similar to the patterns on the abyss devil envoy's armor. He had never seen these patterns before, so he naturally couldn't judge their function.
"What exactly is this thing?"
A True God beside him muttered and reached out to press on his chest. Without any reaction, this True God actually tried to activate these patterns.
He never expected that one of the orange patterns would really be activated.
"Weng —"
A golden ray of light erupted from that orange pattern and enveloped this True God. This golden ray of light was exactly the same as the golden ray of light that the abyss devil envoy flickered with previously.
"What, what exactly is going on …" This True God was shocked and couldn't help but take two steps back. He only calmed down after discovering that he was fine.
The others also looked at that True God in amazement.
Outside the Sea of Time forbidden area, the Sages also noticed the commotion in the canyon.
"Hahahaha, the little fellows are quite lucky. They actually obtained the Absolute Beginning's Promise as a reward after killing these abyss devil envoys. And it's three of them!" Tang Lun laughed loudly.
"It's been hard on them. Although the abyss devil envoys aren't powerful, ordinary True Gods can't deal with them …" A quasi-sage nodded.
These Saints all had the experience of roaming the Abyss Demonic Region. Let alone Great Perfection Saints, even some Secondary Saints had to be careful in the Abyss Demonic Region. Sometimes, it was even very difficult for them to escape unscathed. The power of faith gathered there carried the evil thoughts of all living beings over countless divine epochs, and the monsters that were born could no longer be contained.
"Tell these little guys that the Absolute Beginning Promise is extremely precious. Don't use it carelessly …" Dongfang Chunjun said calmly before sending a message to Dongfang Ning.
In the canyon, everyone's eyes were still focused on the Real God who was shining with golden light.
Although they didn't know what the Promise of Absolute Beginning was, they had felt the power of the golden light before.
When the golden light appeared on the surface of the abyssal devil envoys, they immediately broke free from all restrictions. Any power driven by dao essence had almost no effect on the abyssal devil envoys. Moreover, the speed of the abyssal devil envoys had greatly increased!
After receiving Dongfang Chunjun's message, Dongfang Ning was overjoyed. Then, he pretended to be calm and said, "The Holy Emperor of the Dongfang Family has said that this layer of golden light is called the Primordial Promise! Legend has it that it's a promise that was passed down when the Archaion Divine Realm was created. Once this promise is activated, it can resist all dao essence for a short period of time! "
"The Promise of Absolute Beginning?"
"It can resist all divine dao dao essence!"
"This … is really too lucky!"
All the True Gods were overjoyed. They couldn't help but look down at the three golden lines on their chests.
These golden lines were very eye-catching at first. However, as the golden light gradually dissipated, the lines gradually disappeared into their bodies.
In the Archaion Divine Realm, no matter if it was a True God or a Saint, almost all of them used the power of faith in their inner world to drive the dao essence in their Godhead to perform divine abilities. Dao essence was the foundation. However, the Promise of Absolute Beginning could resist all divine abilities formed from dao essence. For a short period of time, they wouldn't have to be afraid of the enemy's attacks!
"These golden lines can resist all dao essence?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment. If that was the case, then the value of these three Promises of Absolute Beginning was almost immeasurable. When faced with a desperate situation, activating one Promise of Absolute Beginning was enough to turn the tables.
For example, if the Promise of Absolute Beginning was activated, then they could safely pass through those time wraiths. The only drawback was that there was a limit to the number of wraiths. They could only use it three times.
However, to be able to use such a heaven-defying divine ability three times was already very lucky.
After hearing Dongfang Ning's words, the True Gods were naturally wild with joy!
The True God who activated one Promise of Absolute Beginning was extremely depressed. Such a precious thing had actually been casually activated by him. He had a long face and repeatedly cursed himself for his cheap hands.
However, he wasn't the most depressed …
There were a few True Gods who had escaped into the Star Gate early on. Through the Star Gate, they were teleported to another Star Gate outside the canyon. Now, after coming back one after another, they heard Dongfang Ning's words and noticed that there were three faint lines on everyone's chests. Their intestines immediately turned green with regret. They had missed a great opportunity!
Luo Zheng once again returned to the Goddess statue and waited for the next wave of monsters to attack.
Previously, after Luo Zheng cut off the Abyss Devil Envoy's arm, he was dragged all the way to the Goddess statue by the Mu Family's upper True God.
This arm was still tightly holding onto Han Chuyue and Mu Ning. The Mu Family and Han Family's people spent a lot of effort to rescue the two women.
"Luo Tianxing, you saved my life again!" Han Chuyue said with a smile.
Mu Ning stared at Luo Zheng for a long time before finally squeezing out the words "thank you".
Luo Zheng nodded faintly. He didn't want to deliberately save Mu Ning. If he was caught by the Abyss Devil Envoy, he probably wouldn't be able to escape death.
If it wasn't for Han Chuyue, he wouldn't have taken such a big risk to rescue them. Mu Ning was also clear about this.
"This arm, how should we divide it?" Han Cangyan suddenly said.
The four Abyss Devil Envoys had been burned by the raging fire, but this arm had been cut off by Luo Zheng and had been preserved intact.
"These demon bones are valuable, so naturally my Mu Family will get them." Mu Ning's chin was slightly raised, and her words revealed an unquestionable momentum.
"It should be so," the Mu Family's upper True God said with a nod.
Han Cangyan smiled coldly. "What kind of logic is this? This arm has your Mu Family's name written on it? "
"Yes, why should it belong to your Mu Family?" Han Biluo also retorted.
"It should be … why should it belong to your Mu Family and Han Family?" An upper True God of the Fang Family laughed.
The Han and Mu Family weren't the only ones who coveted this arm.
Although the True Gods didn't know about the Absolute Beginning's Promise, they had more or less heard about the Abyss Demon Region. The bones of these demons had many uses, especially for refining Gold Pills. For example, the Fang family's famous "Demon Soul Gold Pill" required the bones of demons. However, the True Gods rarely ventured into the Abyss Demon Region, so the bones of demons were very scarce.
The atmosphere, which had originally calmed down, became tense again because of this severed arm.
The other True Gods originally didn't have any ideas about this severed arm, but when they saw the True Gods of the Fang Family getting involved, they naturally wanted to get a share.
"Cut off this arm and give each of us a piece!"
"This bone is very strong. How long will it take to cut it?"
"Splitting it equally is a good idea …"
Han Family was obviously the weaker party. This time, Han Family didn't have any upper True Gods invited to the Ling Sun Festival, but two Perfect True Gods were invited. However, they weren't here.
Seeing that another conflict was about to break out, Zhan Ming stood on the neutral side. "Don't fight anymore. We've already received such a reward in the fourth wave. There's bound to be an even bigger surprise in the future. It's not nice to hurt our friendship over an arm. I have a good suggestion. The arm will naturally belong to whoever cuts it off."
After Zhan Ming finished speaking, he looked at Luo Zheng meaningfully.

Chapter 1928
Luo Zheng did not intend to participate in the fight for the severed arm.
He did not have much to rely on in the Sea of Time Forbidden Land. The power of hundreds of Dao Accumulations was too violent, and he could not control it himself.
The Emotion Severing Divine Path had improved along with his cultivation, and its power was no longer the same as before. However, this Dao was a forbidden Dao, so he would not use it rashly.
In addition, the Divine Paths and Extra-Dao Divine Abilities that were unique to wealthy families could be used with the Infinite Ruler.
However, Luo Zheng's greatest reliance had always been the massive amount of power source in his body.
His top priority was to replenish the nine stars in his Inner World as soon as possible so that he could deal with the next wave of attacks from the monsters.
Now, the nine stars in his body were slowly rotating, and at the same time, they emitted a huge gravitational force, constantly drawing chaotic energy into them. In a short time, he had recovered 15% of his power source.
Now that Zhan Ming said that the severed arm belonged to him, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Zhan Ming's words were not without reason. After all, he was the one who severed the arm, so it was justified for it to belong to Luo Zheng. This way, Zhan Ming would not only resolve the dispute in front of him, but also return a favor to Luo Zheng.
Under other circumstances, no one would be willing to give the severed arm to Luo Zheng. They did not care who severed the arm. Such a precious thing, naturally, would belong to whoever was stronger.
However, the upper True Gods were quite afraid of each other, so it seemed that only Luo Zheng was qualified.
"Brother Zhan Ming's suggestion is good. I also think that the severed arm should belong to Luo Tianxing," Dongfang Ning said with a smile.
"That's right. This arm was originally severed by Luo Tianxing," Mu Ning also said. Since she spoke, she naturally represented the Mu Family's True God.
Then, Mystic Moon Xiaolou also agreed with this suggestion.
Several upper True Gods agreed with this suggestion. Perhaps the other True Gods were a little dissatisfied, but they had nothing to say.
"Since everyone thinks so, it would be impolite for me to refuse." After saying that, he reached out to put the severed arm into his Sumeru Ring.
At this moment, a middle True God from the Fang Clan stepped forward and extended his hand to stop Luo Feng. "Brother Luo, please wait a moment."
Luo Zheng sized up this middle Real God. The other Real Gods also frowned. Since everyone had reached a consensus, this guy still jumped out to stop them. He was not giving the other Real Gods any face.
Dongfang Ning even frowned. Since Dongfang Chunjun had spoken, he regarded Luo Zheng as a member of the Dongfang family.
Just as Dongfang Ning was about to flare up, the middle True God also realized that everyone was unhappy. He quickly said, "Everyone, you've misunderstood. Everyone knows that my Fang Clan is good at refining Gold Pills. This severed arm is indeed very useful to my Fang Clan. What I want to ask is if Brother Luo can sell it to me? Brother Luo, you can name a price. "
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Then, he reached out and placed the severed arm into his spatial ring. At the same time, he said, "If the Fang Family wants to trade, then wait until we return to the floating island. I'm afraid that this place isn't suitable for trading."
Luo Zheng did not know what the Abyss Devil Envoy's severed arm was used for, but he was not willing to sell it casually. Moreover, he was not lacking in Shenwu Coins right now.
"Brother Luo is right." The middle True God from the Fang Clan cupped his hands and retreated to the side.
The fourth wave of ferocious creatures had killed eight true gods. Among them, there were six lower true gods and two middle true gods.
The moment the Abyss Devil Envoys activated the Absolute Beginning Promise, the upper True Gods quickly flew into the air. Naturally, they wouldn't die. In the process of killing the Abyss Devil Envoy, everyone had also lost a lot of energy. Now, they all sat down cross-legged around the goddess statue and began to recuperate.
Luo Zheng also took the opportunity to quickly recover his power source …
After the fourth wave of monsters attacked, the forbidden area gave them enough time to rest. After about the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, there was another tremor from the mountain passes around the canyon.
All the True Gods stood up immediately and looked into the distance. There was a hint of nervousness on their faces.
Many True Gods were somewhat conflicted. Eight people had died in the fourth wave against the Abyss Devil Envoy. The following waves of monsters would probably be more powerful than the previous one. If they were not careful, they would lose their lives here.
However, when they thought of the three Absolute Beginning Promises that they had previously received as rewards, they were also unwilling to leave just like that. What if a faith treasure really appeared?
Everyone craned their necks and looked at each other. They only saw lights flashing at the four mountain passes. However, after staring at them for a long time, they were all empty …
Everyone looked at each other. Why had they not seen any traces of monsters after such a long time?
Zhan Ming frowned. Then, he felt a faint breeze, and his expression changed drastically. "Those monsters are good at concealment techniques. Everyone, use your divine senses!" As soon as he finished speaking, he spread out his divine senses and enveloped the canyon.
Through the exploration of his divine senses, he outlined the outline of the surrounding world. He found a group of low shadows crawling forward at an extremely fast speed. The nearest shadow was already in front of him.
The shadow that was crawling on the ground suddenly jumped up, and a sharp hook suddenly appeared in its hand, grabbing towards his head!
"It's the Soul-hooking Yin Demon!" Zhan Ming shouted loudly. At the same time, he retreated quickly.
The sharp hook slashed Zhan Ming's head but did not cause any harm to him. A chill kept flowing in Zhan Ming's mind, causing his face to turn pale.
The Soul-hooking Yin Demon was a kind of soul creature. The hook would not hurt people, but it could directly drag the souls of True Gods out of their minds!
"Retreat, retreat quickly!"
"Damn it, why didn't I find it just now …"
"Ah!"
A middle True God let out a blood-curdling scream. His entire body trembled as he stood on the spot, the whites of his eyes constantly rolling upwards.
The middle-level True God's soul was hooked by the invisible hook and pulled out of his mind.
After the other Soul-hooking Yin Demons noticed his soul, they were like a pack of wolves that smelled blood. In an instant, they surrounded him and waved the hooks in their hands. They tore the middle-level True God's soul to pieces and devoured it in the blink of an eye.
As for the middle-level True God's body, it still had the whites of its eyes rolling up. It stood on the spot without moving. The body that had lost its soul had become a walking corpse.
The middle-level True God was not the only one who was affected. When Zhan Ming gave the warning, the Soul-hooking Yin Demons had already quietly surrounded them.
Some of the vicious creatures' first target was the Goddess statue in the canyon, such as the Dark Crow. Some of the vicious creatures' first target was the True Gods in the canyon, such as the Abyss Devil Envoy …
The Soul-hooking Yin Demons' first target was clearly the souls of these True Gods!
In the blink of an eye, there were seven to eight True Gods who were trembling all over. Their hands and legs kept spasming. Their souls were forcefully dragged out by the invisible hooks. After being torn apart by the Soul-hooking Yin Demons, they were quickly divided up.
Luo Zheng and Han Jia's group were not at the outermost circle. Seeing the souls of the True Gods being devoured, the three women of Han Jia were filled with fear. Under Luo Zheng's lead, they immediately chose to retreat.
As he released his divine sense, his eyes flashed with a faint green light.
His divine sense could only detect a faint shadow. However, with his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, he could see everything more clearly.
Luo Zheng focused his gaze and saw many cloaked midgets crawling on the ground. They were using their four limbs to crawl at an extremely fast speed. Their thin, sharp hooks were the magic treasures they used to capture souls.
As he observed, he saw two Soul-hooking Yin Demons leap up and throw the hooks in their hands at him!
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. Dao Connotation flickered on his arms. Two streaks of azure lightning suddenly shot out.
"Pa, pa!"
In the blink of an eye, they hit the two Soul-hooking Yin Demons not far away.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
These Soul-hooking Yin Demons did not have flesh and blood bodies. They were originally souls. They were most afraid of the evil-warding power of the lightning. After the two streaks of lightning struck, they only heard the screams of rats. The two Soul-hooking Yin Demons disappeared into thin air.
"Quick! Who's cultivating the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao? "
"Other lightning arts will do too!"
"Blast them all to death!"
The True Gods also hated these evil beings. Thinking about their souls being devoured by them, they felt a chill in their hearts.
"Rumble …"
"Crackle …"

Chapter 1929
After Luo Zheng chopped the two Soul Reaping Yin Demons into pieces, a formless soul power instantly escaped from them!
This soul power was extremely pure. It circled around on the spot and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to dodge, but before he could do so, the soul power entered his mind and fused with his soul.
The moment it fused with his mind, Luo Zheng instantly felt his soul become slightly stronger.
"This isn't the soul body of the Soul Reaping Yin Demon that was destroyed …" Luo Zheng finally reacted. "This is the reward!"
Killing the two Soul Reaping Yin Demons did not give any shenwu coins. Instead, the reward was the soul power. This made Luo Zheng an exception.
"I can't do anything about these things. I can only use the Stargate and leave first!" a True God shouted.
Although many True Gods cultivated two or even three types of Divine Daos, not every True God cultivated the Lightning Divine Daos. To these True Gods, they were simply helpless when encountering these ghouls and other ferocious creatures.
"Pa pa pa …"
As the True Gods continuously retreated, they simultaneously shot out bolts of lightning.
White bolts, azure bolts, purple bolts …
Depending on the type of lightning they cultivated, the power would be different as well. The effects would also be as different as heaven and earth.
However, these Soul-Reaping Yin Devils weren't ordinary ghosts. They were extremely intelligent. Facing the bolts of lightning, the Soul-Reaping Yin Devils that had originally surrounded them crawled away at an extremely fast speed, rapidly dispersing …
Under the bombardment of the violent lightning, only two or three Soul Reaping Yin Demons could be killed.
Once the Soul Reaping Yin Demons found an opportunity to attack, seven or eight of them would jump out at the same time and throw the hooks in their hands!
"Be careful!" Luo Zheng warned.
Compared to other True Gods who used their divine senses to judge, Luo Zheng used his eyes to see more clearly.
"It's coming again! I, I … Absolute Beginning's Promise! "
Not far from Luo Zheng, a Lower True God also used his divine senses to detect that the Soul Reaping Yin Demons had launched a round of attacks at him. In this chaotic situation, this Lower True God became anxious and activated the Absolute Beginning's Promise on his chest.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
A golden light spiraled out and enveloped the body of this True God.
This lower True God thought that he could rest easy with the Absolute Beginning Promise, but he could only watch helplessly as the hooks circled around him and pierced into his brain. Then, this lower True God's body trembled as his soul was taken away by the Soul Reaping Yin Demons!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. The lightning in his hand flashed and turned into a watermelon-sized lightning ball. Then, he threw it in that direction.
However, these Soul Reaping Yin Devils reacted very quickly. After they noticed the lightning balls, they immediately scattered in all directions. Before the lightning balls landed on the ground, they jumped up again. At the same time, they didn't forget to drag the soul of the True God away!
"Explode!"
Luo Zheng spat out a word.
"Bang!"
The lightning balls exploded in advance and the lightning that shot out engulfed an area of thirty feet. However, it only engulfed three Soul Reaping Yin Devils. The other Soul Reaping Yin Devils still dragged the True God's soul away and escaped.
At the same time, a large group of Soul Reaping Yin Devils gathered together and fought to tear the True God's soul apart.
Luo Zheng could clearly see this scene. He shook his head helplessly and couldn't help but shift his gaze away.
As Dong Fangning said, the Absolute Beginning Promise was indeed a very powerful and precious life-saving ability. However, the layer of golden light on the Absolute Beginning Promise should only target the Dao Connotation in the Divine Region. In other words, the power of the three thousand Divine Daos would be immune to the Absolute Beginning Promise.
Any energy condensed from the Dao Connotation of the Divine Daos would be ineffective against that layer of golden light. However, these Soul Reaping Yin Devils were soul attacks. Hence, activating the Absolute Beginning Promise would have no effect!
For the same reason, the Promise of Absolute Beginning was ineffective against pure power.
However, cultivating the Divine Dao of Strength was also using the Dao Connotation of the Divine Dao to unleash power. It was unknown if the Absolute Beginning Promise could block it. This required further testing.
After these True Gods experienced the Abyss Devil Envoy, because of the three Promises of Absolute Beginning, they were more or less confident. They thought that activating the Promises of Absolute Beginning was equivalent to being invincible. Facing these Soul Reaping Yin Demons, many True Gods tried to activate the Promises of Absolute Beginning, but it was this action that caused them to lose their lives!
From the beginning of the Soul Reaping Yin Devils' attack until now, it had only been six to seven breaths of time. There were already more than twenty True Gods that had lost their souls. Among them, there was even an upper True God from the Liu Family.
"Hu, hu …"
Luo Zheng watched as eight to nine hooks spun in the air and came straight for him. With a twist of his body, he swiftly retreated. "Peng!" A loud crash was heard and Han Liusu's scream was heard.
"These Soul Reaping Yin Devils' target is everyone's soul. Everyone, quickly climb to the top of the Goddess statue to hide!" Luo Zheng turned around and shouted.
He saw that Han Chuyue and Han Biluo had already started climbing the tree stump below the Goddess statue. Leng Linyue had already stood on the tree stump. His expression was slightly cold. Without waiting for Han Liusu's reply, he lowered his head and grabbed Han Liusu's clothes and threw her heavily onto the tree stump.
"Ah! Be careful of those hooks! "Han Liusu screamed as she was thrown into the air to warn Luo Zheng.
Perhaps she was angry at Luo Zheng, but she was not an unreasonable woman. In this situation, how could she be angry at Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng's Divine Sense was also spread out. He did not need to turn around to know that there were several hooks flying towards his head.
He turned around and rolled on the ground, dodging those hooks.
He did not expect that in the blink of an eye, there would be seven or eight hooks flying towards him …
Under the pressure of those hooks, Luo Zheng dodged three times in a row. As a result, he was getting further and further away from the Goddess statue!
"Destroy for me!"
As Luo Zheng continued to roll on the ground, a watermelon sized lightning ball appeared in his hand. When he had just stabilized his body, he took advantage of the momentum and smashed the lightning ball heavily onto the ground.
"Pipa!"
However, these Soul Reaping Yin Demons' reaction was too fast. When the lightning ball exploded, most of the Hook Demons had already escaped far away.
When Luo Zheng stood still, he discovered that he was surrounded by this group of Soul Reaping Yin Demons!
"Hu hu …"
Gusts of cold wind continued to revolve around Luo Zheng's body. These Soul Reaping Yin Demons carefully crawled forward. These guys looked like they were moving very slowly, but once they moved, their speed was faster than many True Gods!
"Oh no! They did it on purpose! "
Luo Zheng did not expect that after continuously dodging, he would be forced into their encirclement! Furthermore, from the looks of it, these Soul Reaping Yin Demons had clearly planned this!
"Luo Zheng, quickly run!" Han Liusu shouted from the tree stump below the Goddess statue.
"I also want to run away …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a depressed expression. Another lightning ball condensed in his hand. The Mystic Thunder Divine Dao was indeed very effective against these Soul Reaping Yin Demons. However, these Soul Reaping Yin Demons were also very smart. After they noticed the lightning ball in Luo Zheng's hand, they did not get too close. Instead, they threw hooks at Luo Zheng from a certain distance.
The invisible hooks were accompanied by bursts of cold air as they shot towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng directly threw the lightning ball in front of him. Taking advantage of the moment when the lightning bloomed, he rushed out of the encirclement!
However, just as Luo Zheng moved, those Soul Reaping Yin Demons also moved. More and more Soul Reaping Yin Demons joined the encirclement …
At the same time, Luo Zheng saw that not far away, an agile figure was constantly dodging those hooks. The voice seemed to have noticed Luo Zheng's side and jumped up. It turned into a red light in the air and steadily landed on Luo Zheng's side. It was Mu Ning.
Just now, she was being chased by those Soul Reaping Yin Demons. As someone who cultivated the Killing God Dao, she did not have a good way to deal with these Soul Reaping Yin Demons. Although she could use the Killing God Dao's "Devil Intent Killing Sword" to kill these Soul Reaping Yin Demons, it was too dangerous to kill them at close range. Just now, she had almost been hit by a hook!
As she was constantly escaping, she saw an open space in front of her and ran towards it. She never thought that the one standing in this open space would be Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng was actually trapped in a encirclement.

Chapter 1930
In such a chaotic situation, most of the True Gods could only take care of themselves.
Although Han Cangyan and Zhan Ming had built the Starry Gate, there was still some distance between the Starry Gate and the Goddess statue.
When the True Gods discovered the Soul Reaping Yin Demons, it was already too late. Only a small number of True Gods who were close to the Starry Gate managed to escape. Most of the True Gods could only retreat and climb to the Goddess statue.
Mu Ning escaped into a new encirclement. Looking at the densely packed Soul Reaping Yin Demons crawling on the ground, she had an expression as if she had seen a ghost.
"Kill our way over?"
Without much time to communicate, Mu Ning simply asked.
The only way now was to kill their way out and rush to the Goddess statue.
Facing so many Soul Reaping Yin Demons, the Mu Clan's Upper True God didn't dare to save them. After all, even an Upper True God didn't have the confidence to avoid their hooks in the air.
"There's no other choice," Luo Zheng nodded and said. From his palms, lightning surged.
Mu Ning's eyes emitted traces of blood-red killing intent as if she was possessed. Her two short swords also turned blood-red, emitting a dense killing intent.
This was the "Demonic Intent Killing Sword" of the Killing God Path. It condensed her killing intent and could kill all vengeful spirits and evil spirits!
The Demonic Intent Killing Sword was often very effective against these Soul Reaping Yin Demons. However, there were too many of them. How could she deal with them all?
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng opened his palms, and a few thunderbolts from his palms shot out!
"Pipa …"
Caught off guard, the thunderbolts in his palms instantly defeated the Soul Reaping Yin Demons in front.
"Xiu!"
Mu Ning turned into a blood-red shadow and sped forward. Her speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's. The moment she rushed towards those Soul Reaping Yin Demons, her round eyes flashed like rubies. Her thin lips spat out a word, "Die!"
"Shua shua shua!"
The pair of short swords in her hands crisscrossed, instantly killing a Soul Reaping Yin Demon in front of her. At the same time, the two short swords pulled to the sides. Two arcs of blood-red light spread out and once again cut four Soul Reaping Yin Demons in half!
The two of them killed their way out of the encirclement by taking the enemy by surprise.
But right at this moment, countless hooks shot out silently like raindrops, instantly enveloping the two's escape route!
Facing the densely packed hooks, the two of them gritted their teeth and continued to move around, trying their best to avoid them!
Although both of them were extremely agile, and some of the hooks flew past the back of Luo Zheng's head and the tip of his nose, it was almost impossible to completely avoid these hooks. Those hooks fell down like raindrops, and there was simply no space to completely dodge!
"Luo Zheng!"
Han Liusu stared fixedly at Luo Zheng and shouted loudly. At one point, she wanted to rush down from above, but was held tightly by Han Cangyan.
Most of the True Gods had already fled to the tree stump. Looking down at Luo Zheng and Mu Ning, they felt a faint sense of relief in their hearts.
"These two people can't be saved …" A True God shook his head.
Zhan Ming and Dongfang Ning's expressions were also very ugly, especially Dongfang Ning. Dongfang Chunjun had personally told him that he had to ensure the safety of "Luo Tianxing" …
If it were other ferocious creatures, Dongfang Ning would have the strength to fight. Even if they were facing the Abyss Devil Envoy, he was confident that he could save Luo Zheng. But now that he had encountered these densely packed Soul Reaping Yin Devils, he had no room to display his skills. If he rushed down now, it would be useless except for sacrificing his own life.
"Oh no!"
Mu Ning twisted her body and barely avoided one of the hooks. However, three more hooks shot out from the other side and pierced into her mind.
At the same time, Luo Zheng quickly retreated backward. He felt a cold wind spread in his mind, and a hook shot into his mind. Immediately, a sharp pain came from Luo Zheng's soul. That hook bit into his soul in an instant, and then suddenly pulled it out!
The Extreme Evil Old Man, who was hiding in Luo Zheng's mind, was also dumbfounded. There was nothing he could do in this situation.
Luo Zheng's soul was forcibly pulled out of his mind by that hook, and at the same time, several other hooks followed closely behind. Those hooks firmly bit into his soul and pulled it toward the Soul Reaping Yin Devils.
One could imagine the only outcome after being pulled over was that he would be eaten by these Soul Reaping Yin Devils.
When Luo Zheng's soul was pulled over, he saw that Mu Ning's soul was the same. Her face was full of horror, but her soul was involuntarily pulled in a direction …
Many True Gods on the tree stump saw this scene and couldn't help but sigh.
They saw that Luo Zheng and Mu Ning's bodies were standing upright, which meant that these two bodies had lost their souls …
Leng Linyue had already climbed to a higher place, a smile on his face. Luo Tianxing being able to fall here naturally made him feel very satisfied.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo widened their eyes and kept shaking their heads. "Impossible, how could that guy die so easily?"
Han Liusu's eyes were fixed on the ground below. At the same time, she released her divine sense and searched for Luo Zheng's soul. "His soul hasn't been torn apart …" Until the last moment when Luo Zheng was torn apart, she still had a glimmer of hope, even though this glimmer of hope was very slim.
Most of the Sages outside the Sea of Time were focused on the Perfect True Gods. However, the scene in the canyon once again attracted the Sages' attention.
"That little guy actually died in the hands of the Soul Reaping Yin Devils," a Sage said softly.
Dongfang Chunjun's expression was still calm. Even if he wanted to take this person as his disciple, everything depended on fate. The female leader of the Blind Tribe didn't allow Sages to enter the Sea of Time, so he couldn't save him. He only said calmly, "It's indeed a pity …"
Aunt Han Jiu's gaze was very serious. She stared at Luo Zheng with a faintly discernible sadness in her eyes. She didn't believe that Luo Zheng would die just like that!
Luo Zheng's soul quickly fell. Then, he saw the Soul Reaping Yin Devils crawling on the ground quickly surround him. These Soul Reaping Yin Devils were originally souls. They didn't hide their greedy aura at all. After pouncing on him, they opened their big mouths and couldn't wait to tear Luo Zheng into pieces!
"Is there no other choice …" Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart.
Then, the surface of his soul suddenly emitted rays of golden light. The golden light transformed into rays of golden sword shadows that continuously revolved around his soul.
After Luo Zheng practiced the Great Creation Technique in the universe, his soul had been greatly strengthened. With the cultivation of a Proving God, the strength of his soul was comparable to a True God's.
Now that he was promoted to a Lower True God, his soul had been greatly strengthened.
However, the Severing Emotions Divine Dao was closely related to the soul. When his soul was strengthened, he also comprehended the most crucial "Anatta Sword" of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao. It could be said that Luo Zheng's soul had also undergone the tempering of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao.
If he used it rashly, he was afraid that other True Gods would discover it. Therefore, after Luo Zheng entered the Divine Realm, he rarely used the power of his soul. In the Heaven-containing Mansion, Luo Zheng only transformed it into pure soul power. He didn't activate the golden sword shadows on the surface of his soul.
It wasn't a good idea to activate the Severing Emotions Divine Dao in the Sea of Time forbidden area. This Dao was a Forbidden Dao. It was destined to be a Divine Dao that people weren't allowed to cultivate. He didn't know if those Saints would let him go if they saw this scene.
However, in this situation, Luo Zheng didn't have a choice. The only thing he could do was to survive!
When those golden sword shadows appeared, they emitted rays of golden light that shot out in all directions.
Although these rays of golden light belonged to soul power, when they were in the universe, they were already strong enough to flatten mountains. As Luo Zheng's cultivation increased, their power was even stronger now!

Chapter 1931
These small arrows formed from soul pressure were extremely sharp.
With Luo Zheng's current cultivation, these small arrows formed from soul pressure might even be able to cut open a wound on a lower True God's body.
But the soul body was far weaker than the physical body. These Soul Reaping Yin Demons were also vengeful spirits, so how could they withstand it?
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
In the blink of an eye, the Soul Reaping Yin Demons closest to Luo Zheng were turned into sieves by the small arrows formed from the soul pressure …
As for those soul arrows, they shot out in all directions. Some of them even shot out a distance of several thousand feet!
Because Luo Zheng was a soul body, besides the Soul Reaping Yin Demons and Mu Ning, no one else could see these small soul arrows. They could only rely on their divine sense to sense Luo Zheng's position and release an extremely sharp and powerful soul pressure.
"Hu hu …"
Some of the small soul arrows pierced through the Soul Reaping Yin Demons and shot towards the tree stump below the goddess statue!
Zhan Ming reached out his hand and lightly blocked it. From his broad hand, there was a muffled "pu" sound. Although this small soul arrow didn't injure him, the power that came from it made Zhan Ming surprised. "This is the soul pressure released by Luo Tianxing? It's so strong! "
Besides Zhan Ming, there were also a few True Gods that were hit by these small soul arrows. But after these small soul arrows flew a distance, they lost most of their power and didn't injure anyone …
But the Soul Reaping Yin Demons below were miserable!
Countless small soul arrows shot out. The Soul Reaping Yin Demons on the ground didn't have any space to dodge. They couldn't escape in time and were directly pierced by the small soul arrows.
Mu Ning's soul curled up into a ball. At this moment, her mind was completely blank. She recalled the past as if it was a conditioned reflex …
She didn't want to die here. She wanted to become the second Mu Xuerong of the Mu Family. She had always seen her sister as a role model. She also had strong self-confidence because her talent wasn't any weaker than her sister's!
Unfortunately, with her soul shattering, everything no longer existed …
An indescribable pain transmitted over. Mu Ning felt as if her soul was being torn apart. To have to endure this kind of pain before death was too tragic.
However, at this moment, she felt an extremely powerful Soul Pressure rapidly approaching her.
"Pu!"
Then, she saw that the Soul Reaping Yin Devil that was biting her soul had been pierced through!
"Poof! Puff! Puff … "
Numerous small soul arrows shot out. Holes appeared on the bodies of the Soul-catching Yin Devils one after another. They fell down one after another, turning into pure soul power and drifting behind her.
After the Soul Hooking Yin Demons fell to the ground, Mu Ning's soul struggled to crawl up. She was puzzled. Just what kind of powerhouse could have such a powerful soul force!?
When Mu Ning turned around, she saw a soul flickering with golden light!
Golden sword shadows constantly revolved around the soul. Every time the golden light flickered, small soul arrows would shoot towards her!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Even more Soul Reaping Yin Demons around her were beaten into sieves, and some were even smashed into pieces.
And she was safe and sound!
"Luo Tianxing?"
Mu Ning stared at the golden soul for a while. Her chaotic thoughts gradually cleared up, and she recognized Luo Zheng's appearance. In any case, she never thought that Luo Zheng's soul could be so powerful!
Because in Mu Ning's memory, even the soul pressure of an upper True God couldn't have such power. Otherwise, the upper True Gods in the canyon wouldn't have escaped.
How could this guy's soul pressure be so powerful …
Luo Zheng continued to release small soul arrows. At the same time, he slowly walked towards her. He reached out, picked her up from the ground, and dragged her in the direction of her body.
Her soul had been torn apart by the Soul-catching Yin Devils and had been injured, but the injury wasn't serious. After arriving near her body, Mu Ning's soul drilled into her mind.
Luo Zheng didn't want to stay in the state of a soul. Soon, he returned to his body's mind. When he opened his eyes, his eyes once again emitted a golden light.
Since the Emotion Severing Divine Dao had been exposed, he had no more scruples.
Killing these Soul-catching Yin Devils could quickly enhance his soul power, and the increase was not small. Naturally, he wouldn't let any of them go!
In fact, many warriors who fled to the tree stump also used the power of thunder and lightning to kill these Soul-catching Yin Devils. Every time they killed a Soul-catching Yin Devil, their soul power would be greatly enhanced. No one was willing to let go of this opportunity. However, they were relatively far away, so the efficiency of killing the Soul-catching Yin Devils was not high.
Luo Zheng was different. As long as they were within the range of his vision, all the Soul-catching Yin Devils were shot through and killed …
These Soul-catching Yin Devils were indeed abnormally agile. They also found that they were not Luo Zheng's opponent, so they crawled on the ground and fled. However, the canyon was only so big. Where could they escape to?
Thus, Luo Zheng launched a blatant pursuit!
The Saints outside the Sea of Time Forbidden Area focused their eyes on Luo Zheng, revealing a strange expression in their eyes.
"If I'm not wrong, this little guy has cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?" The Li Family Saint said lightly.
"Without a doubt, only the Emotion Severing Divine Dao can enhance the soul power to such an extent," another Quasi-saint nodded and said.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao is a forbidden Dao. Its Dao tablet was sealed more than a hundred Divine Epochs ago. The True Gods who cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao were also hunted and killed. Not a single replica Dao tablet of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao remains … Where did this little guy cultivate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?" The Fang Family Saint's face was full of suspicion.
Dongfang Chunjun also frowned. "This little guy has never used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and I didn't sense the Dao essence of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao from his body. Could it be that he accidentally obtained the soul cultivation method of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
"The Great Sage Dongfang is right," Emperor Hanqing quickly said. "Perhaps his cultivation method was separated from the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and he himself doesn't know …"
"Hehehe, I don't think so," Tang Lun laughed and said. "This guy didn't use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, so he must know that it's a forbidden Dao. Just now, he was forced into a desperate situation, so he was forced to use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to operate his own soul power. He had no choice but to survive. Who knows how far he has cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
Dongfang Chunjun nodded. "When he comes out, we must ask him clearly."
A mere Lower True God cultivating the Emotion Severing Divine Dao would not be a taboo for these Saints. However, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao had long been listed as a forbidden Dao. This was also the consensus of all the Saint Halls. No matter who cultivated this Divine Dao, they would not be allowed.
If Luo Tianxing really cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it was not a big problem in Dongfang Chunjun's eyes. Back then, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was listed as a forbidden Dao because Dongfang Chunjun pushed for the rule to be set.
If he really wanted to take this little guy as a disciple, he could completely destroy his Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and even erase his memories of it.

Chapter 1932
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao had disappeared from the Realm of the Gods for more than a hundred God Epochs.
Even if a True God had an eternal lifespan, more than a hundred God Epochs was still too long …
Although the True Gods in the canyon knew about the existence of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao and knew that it was a Forbidden Dao, they had never seen it before.
In recent years, the only time the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was when Chen Huang Yijian escaped into the Abyss Devil Domain.
However, the storm that Chen Huang Yijian caused back then wasn't too big, so many True Gods knew about it. Moreover, after Chen Huang Yijian escaped into the Abyss Devil Domain, he disappeared without a trace. No one had seen him again, so this matter slowly faded away.
Luo Zheng relied on the Divine Creation Technique to greatly increase his soul force, and relied on the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to erupt with such a powerful soul force. Those True Gods who couldn't see his origin were all stunned!
Previously, these True Gods were worried that even if they escaped to the Goddess statue, these Soul Reaping Yin Demons would eventually catch up.
Those True Gods who had grasped the Lightning Divine Dao were unable to kill these Soul Reaping Yin Demons. Perhaps, except for the upper True Gods, everyone else would be annihilated …
They never thought that this brat would rely on himself to chase a large group of Soul Reaping Yin Demons all over the canyon!
"Is this guy really just a lower True God?" A middle True God stared blankly at Luo Zheng who was madly running through the canyon. Under the perception of this middle True God, any Soul Reaping Yin Demon caught by Luo Zheng was quickly killed. This guy was simply unstoppable!
Leng Lin Yue looked at Luo Zheng in the distance, his eyelids constantly twitching. Even if he didn't want to admit it, this guy was much stronger than he had imagined …
After Mu Ning's soul returned to her body, she quickly climbed up the huge tree stump. Seeing Luo Zheng so fiercely chasing after the Soul Reaping Yin Demons, she sighed in her heart. This guy … even his soul was much stronger than she had imagined.
There was no emotion in Luo Zheng's eyes. Under the flickering golden light, those small soul arrows turned into a rain of arrows and shot out.
The Soul-reaping Yin Devil kept crawling on the ground, but in the end, it was smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng, turning into streams of pure soul power, which continuously strengthened Luo Zheng's soul.
Although many True Gods on the tree stump released lightning to kill some lone Soul Reaping Yin Demons, most of them were killed by Luo Zheng.
Because of this, Luo Zheng was able to absorb a massive amount of soul force. His soul was rapidly growing!
After killing the last Soul Hooking Yin Demon, Luo Zheng returned to the bottom of the statue.
The Real Gods who had escaped from the tree stumps then jumped down one by one. Many Real Gods still had lingering fears.
Not far away, there were a few True Gods who were either standing or lying motionless.
The souls of these True Gods had already been hollowed out. They stood motionless like statues. Because their souls had just been extracted, the life force in their bodies hadn't been cut off. They had just turned into walking corpses and had lost their consciousness. It was the same as dying.
"Second Brother!" A True God with a face full of grief called out as he held onto a statue.
Many True Gods came from the same rich and powerful family. They were all blood-related brothers. Seeing this scene, they were naturally very sad.
Zhan Ming shook his head and sighed. "Send these corpses out of the Star Door …"
"These aren't corpses!" A True God retorted.
Zhan Ming shrugged his shoulders. In fact, to determine whether a True God had died or not, the most important thing was whether their soul had been destroyed. Even if their physical body was destroyed, their soul would be perfectly preserved. There would be a chance for them to make a comeback. If their soul dissipated, then there was no saving them.
The True Gods cleaned up the scene and sent the True God corpses out of the Star Door.
The canyon was very quiet. Most of the True Gods maintained their silence.
The True Gods didn't gain any substantial benefits from defending against the Soul Hooking Yin Demons. They didn't even get a single Shenwu coin. The only ones who benefited were the True Gods who had killed the Soul Hooking Yin Demons. Their soul strength had increased greatly!
Among them, the one who benefited the most was Luo Zheng.
He had single-handedly killed more than three-quarters of the Soul Hooking Yin Demons and continuously absorbed the pure and precious soul energy. His soul strength had increased greatly!
The Evil Old Man in his mind stared blankly at Luo Zheng's soul.
Back when the Evil Old Man's physical body had perished, he had seen Luo Zheng use those soul arrows to tear apart Yin Yuanzi's soul.
At that time, Luo Zheng was merely a Proof of Divinity martial artist, but he was able to shatter the soul of an intermediate True God!
Now that Luo Zheng had absorbed so much soul energy, Luo Zheng's soul was even more full and powerful. The surface of his soul had a faint glassy glow. Even though Luo Zheng didn't release any soul suppression, the aura that was faintly exuded from his soul gave the Evil Old Man a formless pressure.
"Luo Zheng, your soul feels like it's getting closer to perfection. Are you about to become a Sun God?" the Evil Old Man couldn't help but ask.
"Sun God?" Luo Zheng replied.
The Evil Old Man nodded. "The soul of a Perfected True God is called the Sun God."
If a True God wanted to become a Perfected True God, they had to master a perfected divine ability of a Divine Dao. Even if they became a Perfected True God, the seventh stage divine ability of each Divine Dao was relatively powerful. Their combat power would be a level higher than that of an upper-level True God!
However, such a Perfected True God would still have some shortcomings — the soul and the physical body.
Some True Gods, after reaching perfection, would think of ways to make up for these two shortcomings. Cultivating nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier in the physical body would make the physical body perfect, and cultivating the soul to become a Sun God would make the soul perfect!
"It's said that after cultivating the Sun God, the soul would turn from Yin to Yang. It's like a reborn body that doesn't fear lightning or any evil-warding techniques," the Evil Old Man added.
Even if the soul of a True God still belonged to the category of "Yin God," it was essentially the same as those evil spirits and resentful spirits. They were all Yin Gods, and the soul residing in the mind was relatively weak. If lightning struck the mind, the soul would still be severely damaged.
Other than that, there were also some purifying Divine Abilities that could purify the soul.
However, once the soul became a Sun God, the soul would undergo a qualitative change. Just like the Evil Old Man said, the soul that stepped into the Sun Soul Tier was like a reborn body. It wouldn't be so afraid of the power of lightning. After the soul left the body, it could even be seen with the naked eye.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded.
After absorbing the soul power, he indeed felt an unprecedented sense of fullness in his soul. The feeling of emptiness in his soul gradually dissipated as if his soul had turned into a substantial existence.
If he really cultivated to the Sun God Tier, his soul could really turn into a substantial body. How would that feel? Wouldn't the soul pressure unleashed by using a Sun God Tier soul to activate the Emotion Severing Divine Path be even more powerful?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng actually felt some regret. It was a pity that he'd already killed all the Soul-Reaping Yin Demons. Wouldn't it be great if another wave came?
"Hong long long …"
At this moment, the canyon began to shake again. The sixth wave of monsters was attacking.
At the same time, the True Gods who'd remained silent also became restless.
"I'm not going to defend this wave!"
"Even if there's a treasure of faith, I don't want it. If I continue to drag this out, I'm purely seeking death …"
"If everyone still wants to defend to the death, please forgive me for not accompanying you!"
Those Soul-Reaping Yin Demons had taken the lives of dozens of True Gods, but the surviving True Gods had gained nothing. It was inevitable that they would want to retreat.
These True Gods left through the Star Gate one after another in order to save their lives.
In the blink of an eye, more than half of the three hundred True Gods present had left. Only seventy or eighty True Gods remained under the statue of the Goddess …
"Are we still defending?" Dongfang Ning asked lightly.
Zhan Ming looked at the pass at the end of the canyon with a wry smile on his face. "With so few of us, we can't defend even if we want to. What's more, those things are really not something we can fight against …"
The True Gods followed Zhan Ming's gaze and looked over. From the passes in all directions, huge golden tortoises slowly crawled out.
Their thick limbs stepped on the ground, leaving pits. They crawled very slowly, but there were many of them.
"Black Armor Golden Tortoise." Dongfang Ning shook his head expressionlessly. "A fourth-level monster in Buzhou Spirit Mountain. This thing can almost reflect an attack. It's really not something we can deal with."
"Let's go." Mystic Moon Xiao Lou said lightly. Since these monsters in front of them were far from what they could deal with, leaving as soon as possible was the right choice.
Since these Upper True Gods had already made their choice, Han Jia, Mu Jia, and some True Gods who were watching from the sidelines no longer hesitated.
Zhan Ming's face showed regret. He could only shake his head and lead the way into the Star Gate.
However, at this moment, the light in the center of the Star Gate rippled slightly.

Chapter 1933
That True God came back in a panic, and his face was filled with fear.
Even the Soul Hooking Yin Demons did not make True Gods so fearful. What did he see on the other side of the Starry Door?
"What's wrong?" Zhan Ming asked curiously.
"Outside, outside …" That True God pointed at the Starry Door and stuttered. He could not even speak clearly due to his extreme fear.
Following that, the Starry Door kept flashing, and True Gods kept rushing in. These True Gods who returned from outside the canyon looked as though they had seen a ghost. It seemed like they had found something unbelievable outside the canyon.
"What happened?!" Zhan Ming asked sternly.
"Outside, there's a ferocious creature outside!" A True God said while trembling.
True Gods came back from the Starry Door one after another. Within four to five breaths, more than half of the two hundred True Gods who had left had returned.
"Ah ah ah ah …"
A burly Upper True God rushed into the Starry Door and roared at the same time, "It's here. That thing followed us in!"
This burly Upper True God came from the Xie Family. His previous performance was rather valiant. He was the kind of guy who was not afraid of anything. Even the Soul Hooking Yin Demons were killed by his Thunder God's Halberd.
But now, he looked as though he was scared out of his wits!
Just as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng saw a strange claw extending from the Starry Door.
That claw had three toes, and each toe was inlaid with a black toenail. After that claw passed through the Starry Door, it pinched the Xie Family's Upper True God as though it was pinching an ant. It dragged the Xie Family's True God toward the Starry Door.
"Chop off that claw!" Zhan Ming's face darkened, and he had already made his move!
Apart from that, the other Upper True Gods also made their moves …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The Buddha Emperor's Sword was like an invisible fish. It formed in the blink of an eye and slid toward that claw in the blink of an eye …
"Bang bang bang!"
"Dong dong dong …"
"Rumble …"
Big hammer, long sword, giant axe …
The True Gods made their moves and slashed at that giant claw.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor's Sword struck the claw …
After this round of attacks, the giant claw that had passed through the Star Door was not damaged in the slightest!
"Help! No, kill me! Please kill me … "
The upper True Divinity of the Xie Family roared, his eyes filled with fear. His hands dug into the ground, leaving behind fingerprints. From the meaning of his words, it seemed that being dragged into the Star Gate was even more terrifying than being killed.
However, none of the True Gods present were willing to kill him. They could only watch as he disappeared into the Stargate.
"What the hell is going on? What is that? "Zhan Ming asked loudly.
A Real God who had returned from outside the canyon quickly said, "Stop talking. Han Cangyan, quickly keep the Stargate!"
Han Cangyan looked hesitant.
The Starry Door could only be opened once. Although he could indeed collect the Starry Door, the Starry Door would be rendered useless and could not be opened again.
The Mysterious Armored Golden Turtles in the canyon were slowly crawling towards them. If they kept the Stargate, wouldn't they lose their only way out? What method could they use to leave the canyon?
That claw must have come from some extremely powerful monster. Even if they escaped to the Stargate, they would still have to face that monster …
Just as Han Cangyan was hesitating, the center of the azure Stargate rippled like a lake.
"Everyone, be careful. Something else is coming!"
The True Gods present spread out and tried their best to distance themselves from the Stargate. They stared at the Stargate with wide eyes.
"Whoosh!"
Another True God dashed out from the Stargate.
That True God was wearing a blood-red robe. Her speed was extremely fast. Including Luo Zheng, Zhan Ming, and Dongfang Ning, no one could see her face clearly. This True God had already rushed to one side with a huge momentum. In order to slow down her momentum, she flipped in mid-air. The two weapons in her hands even plowed two deep trenches in the ground …
Finally, she stopped at the edge of the canyon and happened to collide with a Golden Armored Golden Turtle. Only then did she slowly stand up!
"Sister!" Mu Ning's face was full of surprise.
The newcomer was the Mu Family's Perfection True God, Mu Xuerong.
At this moment, Mu Xuerong's face was in a sorry state. Half of her fine black hair had been cut off, and there was even some dirt on her forehead. Although she was in such a sorry state, it still couldn't cover up her beautiful appearance.
Mu Xuerong nodded at Mu Ning, but the Golden Armored Golden Turtle behind her had already launched an attack.
In the end, Mu Xuerong was still a Perfection True God. When she sensed the attack behind her, she didn't even turn her head. The short scimitar in her hand turned, and a blood-red blade light howled out.
"Puchi!"
Although the Golden Armored Golden Turtle's shell was thick and heavy, under her slash, it didn't stop her at all. It was directly cut in half!
Although the Golden Armor Black Tortoise had been killed, the moment it was struck by Mu Xuerong's saber, a faint white curtain of light appeared above the tortoise's shell. A blood red saber light shot out from the curtain of light and howled towards Mu Xuerong!
"Puchi!"
The blood-red blade light slashed at Mu Xuerong's back with lightning speed.
This was the blade that Mu Xuerong had just slashed out!
As a Perfection True Divinity, a casual saber strike from Mu Xuerong was extraordinarily powerful. The blood red saber light bounced back onto her back, leaving behind a bloody wound. Even several of her ribs were broken. She bent over in pain and couldn't help but coldly snort.
At this moment, she looked back, and her face revealed an expression as if she had seen a ghost. She couldn't help but angrily say, "A Golden Armored Golden Turtle actually appeared here …"
The Golden Armored Black Tortoise's shell could bounce back all attacks. This could also be considered Mu Xuerong's carelessness. When she had rushed into the Star Door, she hadn't looked at these vicious beasts. In her impression, the strength of these vicious beasts wasn't even worth mentioning.
Seeing the other Golden Armored Golden Turtles slowly crawling towards her, she endured the pain on her back and gently leapt up. Her figure flashed and she arrived below the Goddess statue. She slumped against a tree stump below the Goddess statue and sat down. Then, her right hand gently drew a small circle in the void. A red and gold pill strangely fell out of the circle. She stretched out her finger and lightly flicked the golden pill. The golden pill drew a parabola and fell into her mouth.
After the Golden Pill entered her mouth, her originally exhausted complexion recovered a lot. Mu Ning, who was silent on the side, asked with concern, "Elder Sister, what happened outside?"
Perfection True Gods didn't care about the opportunities in the first level of the Sea of Time. They didn't even care about the opportunities in the second level.
However, many years ago, even a Perfect Real God had to follow the ordinary Real Gods to fight their way up level by level. Similarly, they had to go through waves of ferocious creatures below the Goddess statue before they were qualified to head to the second level of Time Sea.
Later on, a perfected true god accidentally discovered a space crack in the forbidden land of the Sea of Time. It was as if he used space transference to enter the second level and the third level through this crack. This was a shortcut that only perfected true gods could use.
Therefore, Perfection True Gods didn't explore with ordinary True Gods anymore. After entering the Sea of Time, all Perfection True Gods would enter the third level immediately.
Mu Xuerong and the other Perfection True Gods didn't expect that the Sea of Time forbidden land's difficulty would increase greatly this time. In the third level of the Sea of Time, they had provoked an extremely powerful vicious creature.
These Perfection True Gods were also extremely powerful. They also wanted to surround and kill this vicious creature. However, if they fought with this vicious creature in the third level of the forbidden land, they were afraid that they would alarm other powerful existences. After discussing, they lured this vicious creature to the first level of the forbidden land.

Chapter 1934
The two hundred or so True Gods who had left the canyon did not understand what had happened.
They only wanted to return to the outside of the forbidden area. If they went back directly, it was very likely that they would encounter those Time Wraiths again. They would need to discuss how to return to the entrance of the forbidden area.
They did not expect that as soon as they came out of the stargate, they would see a group of Perfected True Gods suddenly descend here!
Some True Gods were even overjoyed. With the protection of these Perfected True Gods, leaving the forbidden area of the Sea of Time was a piece of cake.
Immediately after, they realized that something was wrong. These Perfected True Gods were all injured and very tired. It looked like they had gone through a fierce battle!
Then, that huge monster appeared on the first level of the forbidden area …
Some True Gods with fast reactions immediately went through the stargate and escaped into the canyon. Therefore, the first True God who rushed in collided with Zhan Ming.
When the Xie family's Upper True God went through the stargate, he was very unlucky and was locked onto by that huge monster.
Even though the Xie family's Upper True God rushed into the stargate, he was still caught by that huge monster …
"Rumble … rumble …"
Before Mu Xuerong could answer her sister's words, violent vibrations came from outside the canyon. The sound of explosions was very uncomfortable in everyone's ears.
She looked toward the east of the canyon and said, "They are still fighting with that monster. They will probably escape in a while." Then, Mu Xuerong thought for a moment and asked, "Whose stargate is this?"
"Mine," Han Cangyan stood up and replied.
"Give me the scroll," Mu Xuerong ordered.
Han Cangyan did not like Mu Xuerong's attitude. However, under such circumstances, Mu Xuerong was a Perfected True God. He could not disobey her and could only hand over the scroll.
Then, Mu Xuerong said, "They are probably not a match for that monster. When they escape in, I will take the stargate …"
When the True Gods heard this, they understood.
These Perfected True Gods had attracted a very powerful monster from somewhere. Moreover, this group of Perfected True Gods was not a match for that monster. Instead, they had to escape into the canyon through the stargate …
All the True Gods present had gloomy expressions on their faces. Now, even their way back had been cut off. What should they do?
Luo Zheng leaned against a tree stump and looked at the tortoises that were slowly crawling over. He said, "The most important thing now is to deal with these golden tortoises, right?"
Now, the Star Gate had become a dead end. Those Golden Shell Xuan Turtles were crawling over from all directions. Although their speed was not fast, they would reach the end sooner or later.
These True Gods were depressed, but after being reminded by Luo Zheng, they suddenly woke up. Some True Gods even wanted to cry but had no tears. They still had to deal with the attacks of the monsters in the canyon!
"Boom, boom!"
Not long after Luo Zheng's voice fell, a furious roar was heard from outside the canyon. Then, a blazing flame rose up outside the eastern mountain pass.
"I'll cover you guys go in first!"
Someone shouted. Even though they were far away, Luo Zheng and the others could hear it clearly.
"Buzz …"
The center of the starry door flickered, and Great Perfection Real Gods rushed in one after another. In the blink of an eye, there were dozens of Great Perfection Real Gods in the canyon.
"Father!" Han Biluo saw a figure that was burned black and shouted loudly.
One of the Great Perfection Real Gods was the Han Family's patriarch, Han Tianxiao.
"Patriarch." Han Cangyan, Han Chuyue, and the others nodded at Han Tianxiao.
These Great Perfection Real Gods were the same as Mu Xuerong. They looked very miserable, but their auras were very stable, and their eyes were shining. They should not have suffered any serious injuries …
The Great Perfection Real Gods were either the patriarchs of the big families or leaders like Mu Xuerong. The True Gods present quickly found their backbone and gathered around the Great Perfection Real Gods of their own families.
"Mu Xuerong, you were the only one missing! You actually ran to the canyon to slack off and almost killed us! "Tang Wan said angrily.
Mu Xuerong's expression did not change. She only replied indifferently, "That guy went berserk and retreated. Isn't this common sense?"
"You really shouldn't have left early," a white-clothed man with a feather fan said. This person was the Great Perfection Real God of the Fang Family, Fang Henshao.
"Just now, if you worked hard, you might have killed that guy before he went berserk," another Great Perfection Real God said softly. The one who spoke was a Great Perfection Real God from the Sword Manor.
Seeing everyone criticizing her, Mu Xuerong rolled her eyes. She was too lazy to speak. After counting the number of people and confirming that all the Great Perfection Real Gods had entered, she took Han Cangyan's scroll and walked toward the starry door.
However, just as she walked to the side of the starry door, the center of the starry door rippled again. The black three-toed claw pierced through the starry door again!
"Hmph!"
"Blood Fiend Cut!"
Mu Xuerong coldly snorted. Her face was filled with anger. She pulled out a short sword and aimed at the three-toed claw and slashed wildly!
This three-toed claw had forcefully dragged out the Xie Family's True God. Luo Zheng and the other True Gods were unable to do anything to this claw. However, under Mu Xuerong's wild slashes, she actually forcefully cut open wounds that were so deep that the bones could be seen!
This claw could not withstand Mu Xuerong's attacks. It could only forcefully withdraw from the starry door.
After that, Mu Xuerong gently waved the scroll and erased the starry door. At the same time, the scroll turned into dust and completely dissipated …
"Roar, roar …"
"Rumble, rumble!"
At the same time, everyone heard a series of roars coming from the eastern side of the canyon. At the same time, a huge monster was hammering the layer of light that surrounded the canyon. However, this layer of light could isolate everything. The huge monster could not enter at all.
Mu Xuerong glanced indifferently and said, "That guy is still in the berserk stage. We will temporarily hide in the canyon for a while. After its berserk state disappears, we will kill our way out!"
"Temporarily hide?" A burly Perfect True God looked at the nearby Black-armored Golden Turtle and said, "Dealing with these Black-armored Golden Turtles won't be that easy, right?"
If these Perfect True Gods were to fight against the Abyss Devil Envoys or the Soul Hooking Yin Demons, it would be very simple.
Some Perfect True Gods could kill the Abyss Devil Envoys by themselves.
As for the Soul Hooking Yin Demons, it was even simpler. Some Perfect True Gods had cultivated their souls to perfection and had already become Yang Gods. If their souls were truly hooked out, they could use their soul bodies to crush the Soul Hooking Yin Demons.
However, the Black-armored Golden Turtle was very troublesome.
With its tortoise shell, this kind of vicious creature could practically reflect all attacks.
The more powerful the attack, the more powerful the rebound would be …
"It's just a little troublesome. We killed quite a few of these things in Buzhou Spirit Mountain." The Perfect True God of the Zhao Family held a golden ringed blade and walked toward the Black-armored Golden Turtle. The Black-armored Golden Turtle's innate ability was indeed a little troublesome. However, it was only a little troublesome.
With these Perfect True Gods holding the fort, Zhan Ming, Dongfang Ning, Han Cangyan, and the rest of the True Gods calmed down.
However, once they passed the trial of the goddess statue, the layer of light screen that isolated the canyon would disappear. When that time came, the situation would be completely different if the thing outside were to rush in. They had to be prepared then.
While the True Gods were still thinking, the Perfect True God of the Zhao Family had already waved his ringed blade toward the Black-armored Golden Turtles!
This Perfect True God of the Zhao Family was called Zhao Wubian. He was extremely powerful. A Perfect True God like him dealt with the Black-armored Golden Turtles like cutting vegetables.
With a swing of his blade, three Black-armored Golden Turtles were killed by him.
However, a white light screen suddenly appeared on the backs of the three Black-armored Golden Turtles. A ray of blade light shot out and reflected Zhao Wubian's attack back!
"Puff, puff, puff!"
Zhao Wubian did not dodge. He took the blade light head-on. However, the blade light did not cause any harm to him.
After Zhao Wubian killed the Black-armored Golden Turtle, three rays of blood-red fog escaped from the Black-armored Golden Turtle's body. This fog contained a strong power of blood and energy. It quickly entered Zhao Wubian's body.
The other Perfect True Gods were recuperating under the goddess statue. They did not want to fight.
At their level of cultivation, they were not very interested in ordinary rewards. However, when they saw this scene, their eyes immediately revealed their desire.

Chapter 1935
Soul, Divine Path, and even strength could all be cultivated to perfection, which was the upper limit of a "god."
After cultivating nine stars of strength, one could only continue to accumulate strength, and it would be difficult for one's soul to grow after reaching the Sun God Realm. Divine Path was the standard to determine whether one was a Perfected True God or not. If one wanted to become stronger after breaking through, one could only place their hopes on extra-dao magical powers.
However, blood energy could be absorbed limitlessly. A Perfected True God's body was very strong, and the blood energy contained in the body was far stronger than that of an ordinary True God. However, it was very difficult to rely on one's own blood energy to repair the body.
For example, Mu Xuerong had swallowed Seven Transformations Golden Pills to repair her injuries, which were extremely expensive.
If one's blood energy was strong enough, such injuries could be quickly healed, and there was no need for pills to heal.
Therefore, these Perfected True Gods were often scrambling for pills and techniques that could strengthen their blood energy. A few Perfected True Gods also stood up, planning to kill those Black-armored Golden Turtles.
The shells of these Black-armored Golden Turtles could reflect all attacks. For Perfected True Gods, it was not too much of a problem.
Luo Zheng also noticed the blood energy.
He had swallowed a Nine-Headed Snake Blood Pill in the immortal abode, which had greatly strengthened his blood energy.
However, because his body was far stronger than a True God of the same level, his blood energy could not keep up after breaking through to a lower-level True God.
In a situation where most True Gods did not plan to attack, Luo Zheng chose a direction and walked toward the Black-armored Golden Turtles!
Dong, dong, dong …
The leading Black-armored Golden Turtle noticed Luo Zheng and rushed toward him.
However, the Black-armored Golden Turtle was carrying a heavy shell on its back. Even if it was charging at full speed, its speed was very slow.
Whoosh …
Traces of strength energy condensed in front of Luo Zheng, forming the Buddha Emperor Sword and slashing toward the Black-armored Golden Turtle's head!
The Black-armored Golden Turtle saw the formless Buddha Emperor Sword coming at it menacingly and retracted its head into its shell!
"Crack!"
The Buddha Emperor Sword hit the Black-armored Golden Turtle's shell, leaving a fist-sized crack on the shell.
Luo Zheng did not use his full strength. Naturally, he could not be like those Perfected True Gods who could kill a Black-armored Golden Turtle with a raise of his hand. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, he could kill the Black-armored Golden Turtle with a few more strikes.
However, as soon as his sword slashed out, a layer of white light suddenly appeared on the shell of the Black-armored Golden Tortoise. Then, an invisible sword shadow flew out from the light and fiercely shot towards Luo Zheng!
This Buddha Emperor Sword had only condensed thirty-five percent of its power source, but it was still very threatening to Luo Zheng. If this sword hit him, he would be severely injured, if not killed.
Luo Zheng had no choice but to use the Chongyang Sword to block in front of him.
....
Accompanied by a dull sound, the two swords collided. They canceled each other out and disappeared at the same time.
"That kid … he made a huge profit in the last round of killing the Soul Reaping Yin Devils, but he's still greedy and not satisfied."
"Humph. He was lucky to kill the Soul-catching Yin Demons. I don't know what Soul Secret Skill he has that can restrain the Soul-catching Yin Demons. These Black-armored Golden Turtles are not easy to deal with!"
"Indeed. He is just asking for humiliation!"
This scene was seen by some Real Gods and they naturally treated it as a joke.
They forgot that the Soul-catching Yin Demons' first target was the True Gods, then the Goddess statue.
If Luo Zheng did not kill the Soul-catching Yin Demons, the Soul-catching Yin Demons would climb up the tree stump. By then, besides some upper-level True Gods who could fly away, the rest of the True Gods would die.
From this perspective, Luo Zheng saved the lives of most of the True Gods.
Some Perfected True Gods who did not fight stared at Luo Zheng with interest. They wanted to see if Luo Zheng could get rid of the Black-armored Golden Turtle.
"Roar!"
At this moment, the Black-armored Golden Tortoise popped its head out and bit at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure twisted lightly and easily avoided this bite, and then a wisp of a smile appeared on his face as he withdrew the shapeless Buddha Emperor's Sword once more!
"Swoosh!"
The Buddha Emperor Sword still could not kill the Black-armored Golden Turtle's head. It hit the turtle shell again.
"Ka!"
The crack on the huge turtle shell expanded again. At the same time, the turtle shell flashed with white light. The light screen reflected an invisible sword shadow!
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hand!
"Divine Li Water Mirror!"
A transparent water screen appeared in his hand.
When Luo Zheng challenged Fang Xiaoyu, who was ranked one hundred and ninety-sixth in the Arena of Gods, he absorbed Fang Xiaoyu's Divine Li Water Way. At the same time, he included Fang Xiaoyu's Divine Li Water Mirror.
The Divine Li Water Mirror was similar to the Black-armored Golden Turtle's shell. It could also reflect the opponent's attack!
However, although they were both rebounding, there was still a big difference between the two.
After the Black-armored Golden Turtle's shell absorbed the opponent's attack, it replicated the exact same attack and reflected it back. This was the Black-armored Golden Turtle's innate ability. It was very rare.
If Mu Xuerong accidentally slashed at the tortoise shell, a saber light would appear from the tortoise shell.
The Divine Li Water Mirror was different. It was purely a reflection.
Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor Sword didn't disappear after slashing on the tortoiseshell. However, another Buddha Emperor Sword shot out from the tortoiseshell, which meant that there was an additional Buddha Emperor Sword. After the additional Buddha Emperor Sword was reflected by the Divine Li Water Mirror, Luo Zheng was actually able to control it!
This meant that Luo Zheng did not use his own power source and had an extra Buddha Emperor Sword.
"Two Buddha Emperor Swords …" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He realized something and controlled the two Buddha Emperor Swords to hit the Black-armored Golden Turtle again.
"Ka ka!"
Two fist-sized cracks appeared on both sides of the Black-armored Golden Turtle's shell. As the shell flashed with white light, two more Buddha Emperor Swords returned!
After Luo Zheng used the Divine Li Water Mirror to reflect the two Buddha Emperor Swords, the two replicated Buddha Emperor Swords were controlled by Luo Zheng again.
Hence, Luo Zheng repeated the same action over and over again.
After a few reflections, the Buddha Emperor Swords in front of him turned from one to two, two to four, four to eight, eight to sixteen …
Tang Wan, who was recuperating under the statue of the goddess, saw this scene unintentionally. She was confused. After a while, she was so shocked that her eyeballs almost fell out!
"Hey hey … Young Master Fang!" Tang Wan shouted. "That kid is a bit abnormal, right? Isn't the Divine Li Water Mirror an Outer Dao ability unique to your Fang family? "
With Tang Wan's reminder, Fang Henshao also turned his attention over.
At first, Fang Henshao didn't understand what was going on. He only noticed that there was a power source fluctuating around Luo Zheng's body. When he understood what was going on, he was also stunned.
"It's the Divine Li Water Mirror. Where did this guy learn it … He can actually use it like this!" Fang Henshao was also dumbfounded.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had struck the shell of the Black-armored Golden Turtle with sixteen swords at once. The shell exploded, and the Black-armored Golden Turtle died. At the same time, the Black-armored Golden Turtle emitted a trace of blood energy and entered Luo Zheng's body.
The broken shell flashed with white light, and the sixteen Buddha Emperor Swords appeared from the light screen again and were reflected back at him.
Luo Zheng used the Divine Li Water Mirror to reflect them one by one. These sixteen Buddha Emperor Swords were once again under Luo Zheng's control.
This meant that he was now controlling thirty-two Buddha Emperor Swords at once.
Looking at the densely packed Buddha Emperor Swords in front of him, Luo Zheng felt extremely shocked …
These were thirty-two Buddha Emperor Swords! If all of them hit the same target at the same time, even an upper-level True God would be blasted into pieces!
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's left hand swayed gently and controlled sixteen Buddha Emperor Swords to attack the Black-armored Golden Turtle on the other side. Then, his right hand swayed gently, and the other sixteen Buddha Emperor Swords shot out …
The two Golden Turtle were easily killed by the thirty-two Buddha Emperor Swords. At the same time, the thirty-two Buddha Emperor Swords on the broken shells of the two Golden Turtle were reflected back at Luo Zheng. After being reflected by Luo Zheng's Divine Li Water Mirror, they were used by Luo Zheng …
Now, Luo Zheng was controlling sixty-four Buddha Emperor Swords!
Sixty-four Buddha Emperor Swords gathered together and exuded a pressure unique to the Origin of Power. Even many Perfected True Gods felt quite pressured by it!

Chapter 1936
The Black Armored Golden Tortoise usually appeared in the remote areas of Buzhou Spirit Mountain. Due to its slow movement, very few True Gods would bother it.
There were not many True Gods in the Fang Family who specialized in the Li Water Divine Dao. Only three or four True Gods, including Fang Xiaoyu, had mastered the Divine Li Water Mirror, and these True Gods had never encountered the Black Armored Golden Tortoise before.
As for Fang Henshao, he had indeed killed the Black Armored Golden Tortoise when he entered Buzhou Spirit Mountain. However, he did not cultivate the Li Water Divine Dao, so he did not expect the Divine Li Water Mirror to have such an effect upon the Black Armored Golden Tortoise!
The sixty-four Buddha Emperor Swords kept swaying around Luo Zheng, and a few of them even showed signs of instability.
Luo Zheng did not have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Although he had cultivated the Purple Cloud Divine Dao, he had not mastered the Art of Multitasking. Therefore, Aunt Hanjiu had only taught Luo Zheng the Four Sword Divine Dao.
Although Luo Zheng was now a True God, it was still difficult for him to control sixty-four Buddha Emperor Swords at once!
"Merge!"
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly.
The sixty-four Buddha Emperor Swords quickly merged with each other, and from sixty-four swords, they quickly condensed into four giant swords!
"The power … is weakening so quickly!" Luo Zheng's eyes focused.
After the power left the body, it would quickly weaken!
After Luo Zheng's Buddha Emperor Swords left his body, he relied on the Transcendence Divine Art to continuously replenish the power source to maintain the Buddha Emperor Swords' original form. If he stopped replenishing the power source, the Buddha Emperor Swords would collapse in a short time.
The power source that formed the four giant swords did not come from Luo Zheng, but from the Black Armored Golden Tortoise.
The four giant swords were too large, and Luo Zheng's power source could not maintain their form. Therefore, the four giant swords were like melting snow, rapidly weakening …
"Go!"
Before the four giant swords completely weakened, Luo Zheng controlled the four giant swords to slash at the four Black Armored Golden Tortoises not far away!
"Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!"
The power of the four giant swords was astonishing, comparable to the following attack of a Great Perfection.
The four Black Armored Golden Tortoises were almost defenseless and were cut in half without any suspense!
The four giant swords that belonged to Luo Zheng's body began to rapidly weaken, but the shells of the tortoises once again, the four giant swords were reflected from within the shells …
"This is enough," said Luo Zheng said Great.
After using the Divine Li Water Mirror to control the four giant swords, before the giant swords weakened, he once again killed the other four dark-armored golden turtles!
This was Was, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng Dang.
Not far away, Zhao Wubian was still slashing at the Black-armored Golden Tortoises with his Great Ring Saber. However, every time he killed a Black-armored Golden Tortoise, he had to bear one of his attacks. Although he could withstand it with his physical body, he was speechless when he saw Luo Zheng killing the Black-armored Golden Tortoises so easily.
By relying on this method, Luo Zheng was able to kill the arcane gold tortoises at a far faster rate than the other Paragons. At the same time, the rich blood energy surged into Luo Zheng's body.
"So hot!"
The powerful blood and Qi energy rapidly surged and boiled in Luo Zheng's body, nourishing every vein and every inch of his flesh and blood …
Luo Zheng's actions attracted the attention of many Paragons. Naturally, it also attracted Mu Xuerong's attention.
Mu Xuerong did not kill the Mysterious Armored Golden Tortoise. Instead, she leaned against a tree stump and closed her eyes to rest. When she heard the conversation between Tang Wan and Fang Henshao, she slowly opened her eyes and stared at Lu Zheng with an indifferent gaze.
Before entering the Sea of Time, Mu Xuerong had instructed Mu Ning to pay attention to Luo Zheng.
"Is this fellow really Han Jia's anonymous member?" Mu Xuerong transmitted her voice to Mu Ning.
Now that Mu Xuerong had seen Luo Zheng's "Virtual Sword", the fact that Luo Zheng was an anonymous person was already clear.
Mu Ning nodded and replied, "Yes, and his real name doesn't seem to be Luo Tianxing. I heard Han Liusu call him Luo Zheng in a moment of desperation. I suspect that Luo Tianxing is an alias."
In the canyon, the one who paid the most attention to Luo Zheng was probably only Mu Ning. After all, this was the task her sister had given her.
"His surname is Luo, his name is Luo Zheng …" Mu Xuerong pondered over this name in her heart, and a playful expression appeared on her face. She then faintly sent a sound transmission, "I saw Lord Imperial Father some time ago, and Lord Imperial Father mentioned the matter of the stowaways in the Great Evolution Universe. He told me that the second stowaway entered the Vast Sky Region.
"The Vast Sky Region is Han Jia's territory …" Mu Ning replied, but she still didn't understand what Mu Xuerong was trying to say.
Mu Xuerong twirled a strand of hair around her finger. The black, silky hair coiled around her finger a few times, forming an intricate spiral. She continued, "With Han Jia's ability, it is impossible for them to cultivate such a person in such a short period of time. Furthermore, he is an outsider, and coincidentally, his surname is Luo …"
Mu Xuerong twirled her hair as she looked at the distant Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Mu Ning suddenly understood what her sister was trying to say. "Sister, so you're not suspecting that he's an anonymous person. You're suspecting that Luo Zheng was sent by Luo Xiao? That's impossible! "
If Luo Zheng was an anonymous person, then it wouldn't matter. However, if Luo Zheng was really sent by Luo Xiao, and even came from the Great Evolution Realm, then the problem was different. He was the Mu Family's mortal enemy and had to be eliminated.
For some reason, Mu Ning felt a trace of panic in her heart. She didn't want to believe this was true. She continued, "Even if Luo Zheng is an outsider of Han Jia, it doesn't mean that he's definitely from the Great Evolution Realm. After all, there are many people with the surname Luo in this world. There's always a small chance that one or two of such geniuses will be born from the grassroots!"
Mu Xuerong looked at Mu Ning strangely. "Lord Father isn't completely sure, and neither am I. Besides this, there's another point of suspicion. Yu Taibai suddenly said those words in the Arena of the Gods, rejecting the other noble families from entering Buzhou Spirit Mountain. At the same time, he welcomed the Xuanyue Family, Sword Clan, Han Jia, and Gu Family into Buzhou Spirit Mountain …"
"According to Lord Father's analysis, Yu Taibai should know that 'someone' has come to Han Jia, so he sent this message. In other words, Yu Taibai most likely sent this message to this person, telling him to go to Buzhou Spirit Mountain's Cloud Dragon Stream. Coincidentally, Han Jia's anonymous person appeared at this time. Do you think it's a coincidence?"
"So there's at least an eighty percent chance that the anonymous person is Luo Xiao's person …" Mu Xuerong glanced at Mu Ning and asked curiously, "What are you nervous about?"
Mu Ning's heart skipped a beat. She shook her head. "Sister is right. He is indeed suspicious, but we can't be completely sure that he's Luo Xiao's person."
"Don't you know your sister's personality?"
Mu Xuerong smiled faintly and slowly stood up. "Luo Xiao is a centipede that doesn't fall down even when dead. He's an expert in chess. Every chess piece has a thousand uses in his hands. However, it's easy to break the chess game! For every chess piece he puts down, I'll cut it down. "

Chapter 1937
Seeing her sister walk towards Luo Zheng, Mu Ning suddenly felt her heart go numb.
She agreed with her sister's analysis. In fact, her sister's method was very correct. This could nip the crisis in the bud.
But subconsciously, she wanted to absolve Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng didn't realize the impending crisis. He was becoming more and more familiar with the "Turtle Killing Technique."
The blood energy rewarded by killing these Black-armored Golden Turtles was something that even Perfect True Gods coveted. To Luo Zheng, it was naturally a great supplement. His blood energy had a qualitative upgrade!
Swish swish swish swish!
After killing the four Black-armored Golden Turtles in front of him, the four swords quickly weakened and scattered.
At the same time, the four Black-armored Golden Turtles returned four more swords!
At that moment, a cold voice sounded from behind Luo Zheng. "I heard you have two names? One is Luo Tianxing, the other is … Luo Zheng? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
He didn't turn around. He continued to focus on controlling the swords to kill the Black-armored Golden Turtles as if he didn't have ears.
When the deities below the statue of the goddess saw this, they all looked at each other in dismay.
Han Liusu's face paled. Han Chuyue's face was also full of nervousness.
On the contrary, Han Biluo was somewhat confused. She whispered, "Liusu sister, what does Luo Zheng mean?"
Of the three Han family daughters, only Han Biluo didn't know Luo Zheng's identity.
Han Tianxiao had already sensed that something was wrong. He calmly reprimanded his daughter. "Don't ask what you shouldn't ask!"
After being reprimanded by her father, Han Biluo pouted and didn't say anything.
Now, Han Liusu's heart was filled with deep self-blame. She had unintentionally called out Luo Zheng's name. After that, no one mentioned it. She had thought that no one would notice this detail. After all, "Luo Zheng" was a name that not many people in the realm of the gods knew.
At that time, Mu Xuerong and the other Perfect True Gods hadn't entered the canyon. It must have been Mu Ning who told Mu Xuerong.
Han Liusu naturally didn't know that Mu Ning had been secretly paying attention to Luo Zheng's every move. Naturally, she wouldn't miss this detail.
Mu Xuerong's nimble fingers gently fiddled with the dagger, causing it to fly back and forth in her hand. She continued to say, "A name is only a symbol. In truth, it isn't important. What is important is that you are not someone from the Realm of the Gods, but rather someone from the Great Yan Universe."
Swish swish swish swish!
The four huge swords once again cut the turtle shell into pieces. Luo Zheng pulled out another Divine Water-Leaving Mirror with his hands. This set of movements had been repeated dozens of times, and now it was as smooth as flowing water.
He still had no reaction to Mu Xuerong's words.
Many of the True Gods and Paragons below the statue had strange expressions on their faces.
"What is this crazy woman trying to do now?" Tang Wan was confused.
Young Master Fang Hen gently opened the fan in his hand and frowned. "Great Yan Universe? In other words, Mu Xuerong suspects that he is the stowaway who touched the stone slab some time ago? "
His mind turned extremely quickly. In the blink of an eye, he had thought of the connection. He didn't know how Mu Xuerong had come to this conclusion.
Speaking of which, although Mu Xuerong was crazy, she couldn't just randomly ask a person. There had to be a reason behind it.
"You don't have to answer, because no matter how you defend yourself, I will still kill you." Mu Xuerong smiled faintly behind Luo Zheng. "Perhaps I have guessed wrong about your identity, so as compensation, I will give you a chance to attack!"
After saying this, she raised her head slightly. Her scattered black hair moved without any wind, automatically tying together into a ponytail. It added a bit of liveliness to her appearance.
When fighting, Mu Xuerong liked to tie her hair into a ponytail. This was a sign of her before she attacked.
The True Gods present weren't blind. The four huge swords that bounced back and forth around Luo Zheng were extremely powerful. Even to Paragons, they were a great threat. If they let Luo Zheng attack first, it could be considered giving him a chance.
But did a lower True God have any chance of winning against a Paragons?
"Hehehe, people who like to show off die quickly …" Leng Lin Yue couldn't help but laugh. In truth, Luo Zheng's performance in the Sea of Time had been a great blow to Leng Lin Yue. He probably wanted Luo Zheng to die more than anyone else. This desire was even stronger than Mu Xuerong's!
After all, Mu Xuerong was only helping the Mu family and even the entire Wealthy Alliance to get rid of Luo Zheng. She didn't hate Luo Zheng.
Han Liusu looked at Leng Lin Yue with disgust. She clenched her fists and then stared at Luo Zheng. She didn't know how to help him resolve the situation.
"Besides mocking him like a coward, do you dare to challenge him?" Han Chuyue couldn't help it and angrily said to Leng Lin Yue.
"Why wouldn't I dare!" Leng Lin Yue's face turned ugly.
"Shut up, hehe," Han Liusu said with a light laugh.
That laugh was filled with contempt and disdain, causing Leng Lin Yue's face to turn red. In Han Liusu's eyes, the difference between Leng Lin Yue and Luo Zheng was obvious.
At this time, Dongfang Ning's face was filled with helplessness. He didn't understand why Mu Xuerong was looking for trouble with Luo Tianxing. He only felt that the person the Sacred Emperor liked was so troublesome!
"Second Uncle, the Sacred Emperor likes that brat. Don't let Mu Xuerong kill him," he secretly transmitted.
Not far from Dongfang Ning was a middle-aged man in embroidered clothes. He was the Dongfang family's Paragons True God, Dongfang Taiqing.
"Is there such a thing?" Dongfang Taiqing asked.
In truth, Dongfang Taiqing also understood Mu Xuerong's intentions. Mu Xuerong suspected that the brat was a stowaway arranged by Luo Xiao, so she wanted to eliminate him. This was understandable, and Dongfang Taiqing didn't want to interfere.
But if the Sacred Emperor gave the order, the situation would be different.
"Yes, the Sacred Emperor already sent me a message," Dongfang Ning said.
"Let's see the situation first …" Dongfang Taiqing frowned.
Mu Xuerong stood straight behind Luo Zheng, her expression indifferent. She calmly watched Luo Zheng's reaction, showing an unprecedented lack of patience.
Although Luo Zheng was wantonly harvesting the Black-armored Golden Turtles, his heart was in turmoil!
Mu Xuerong's attack was too sudden!
He originally thought that revealing his identity as an anonymous person wouldn't be too much of a problem.
He didn't think that with just this connection, Mu Xuerong would be able to guess his true identity.
From Mu Xuerong's tone, it seemed that she wasn't completely sure, but this didn't affect her killing intent!
What a ruthless woman …
"Hu hu hu hu hu!"
The four giant swords once again bounced off the Black-armored Golden Turtles' shells.
In the instant that Luo Zheng used the Divine Li Water Mirror to refract the swords, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around. With a wave of his hands, two giant swords whistled through the air and shot out!
The source strength contained within these four giant swords even surpassed the source strength of some Perfection True Divinities!
As Mu Xuerong saw the four giant swords flying towards her, the massive source strength released an intense pressure. This pressure caused her ponytail to wildly dance behind her head. But, there wasn't the slightest trace of fear on her face. Instead, her face was filled with excitement. "I'm giving you a chance. In truth, it's also a test!"
"Shua!"
With a tap of her foot, she fluttered backwards. Her narrowed eyes revealed a trace of a smile, and the short sword in her hand was dyed red with blood.

Chapter 1938
As Luo Zheng controlled his four greatswords to attack Mu Xuerong, he finally opened his mouth to speak.
He sternly shouted, "Is this an opportunity or a test? Isn't it all up to you? Who doesn't know that you, Mu Xuerong, are unreasonable? That day, I lost to your sister in the Arena of Gods. Naturally, you wanted to stand up for her. Today, you want to kill me. Aside from fighting you, what other choice do I have? "
This was Luo Zheng's most dangerous moment since entering the Realm of the Gods!
At this moment, countless thoughts raced through his mind. In the end, he could only choose this option.
If he resisted, it would arouse suspicion. If he argued with Mu Xuerong, the result would be the same. Mu Xuerong would still attack.
However, if he argued while resisting, he could stir up the situation!
"My sister?" Mu Xuerong's expression froze. She couldn't understand what Luo Zheng was talking about. How did he suddenly get involved with Mu Ning?
"That day, I defeated Mu Ning and humiliated her. How could a narrow-minded woman like you let me go?" Luo Zheng continued.
Luo Zheng was now a classic example of slandering others. However, the more he acted like this, the more convincing he was …
Mu Xuerong's terrible personality was quite famous on the floating island. It was not an exaggeration to say that she was narrow-minded. However, this personality of hers had nothing to do with Luo Zheng's matter. Even so, for Luo Zheng to mention it in such a situation, it did make sense.
More importantly, Luo Zheng had already attacked Mu Xuerong …
Everyone present didn't have much time to think. They almost subconsciously stood on Luo Zheng's side.
If one thought about it carefully, they would think that Luo Zheng was spouting nonsense. However, no one had the time to think about it. Most people believed that Mu Xuerong was in a hurry to kill Luo Zheng. There had to be a secret behind this.
Mu Ning was even more baffled. She was indeed brooding over her defeat to Luo Zheng. However, she was like her sister, Mu Xuerong. Her personality was strong, but she was also extremely proud. She wouldn't ask her sister to stand up for her.
"Father! In the end, Luo Tianxing is a member of our Han Family. He is also a genius of our family. This Mu Xuerong wants to kill him over such a small matter. You have to save him! "Han Biluo hurriedly said.
Han Bi Luo didn't know the inside story, so she naturally believed Luo Zheng's words unconditionally.
Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were the ones who knew Luo Zheng the best. They knew that Luo Zheng was spouting nonsense, but they had to go with the flow. Han Liusu also said, "Clan leader, Luo Tian Xing came from our Han family, and he has contributed greatly to our Han family! As the Patriarch, are you just going to watch him be killed by Mu Xuerong over such a trivial matter? "
"That's right. The rise of our Han Family's ranking is all due to Luo Tianxing's strength alone. As the Patriarch, how can you just stand by and watch him die?" Han Chuyue chimed in.
These words, however, blocked Smiling Into the Sky here.
Putting everything else aside, Luo Tianxing was from the Han Family's floating island, so he was a member of the Han Family. The three girls' words were not without reason.
However, Xiao Xiao was not willing to get involved in this kind of situation. He hesitated and did not say anything …
"Shua!"
The incorporeal sword at the very front chopped down towards Mu Xuerong's head.
The power contained within this sword was not something that a Perfection True God could ignore!
However, Mu Xuerong still had an indifferent expression.
The incorporeal sword combined with the powerful Origin Energy was indeed powerful, but it also depended on who was using it.
If Aunt Han Jiu was controlling these four swords, Mu Xuerong would have no way to fight back. However, after Luo Zheng controlled so much Origin Energy, he could only roughly transform them into four swords. He even found it difficult to transform them into the shape of the Buddha Imperial Sword.
This kind of simple and crude attack might be effective against an upper True God, but against a Perfection True God, it was far too immature.
Mu Xuerong's body gently moved to the side, easily dodging this attack!
However, Mu Xuerong's reaction was also taken into account by Luo Zheng. In the instant that Mu Xuerong dodged this attack, another sword followed, slashing towards Mu Xuerong from a different direction.
However, Mu Xuerong stepped lightly in the air, and her body flew upwards!
"Shua shua!"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He controlled the last two great swords and sent them flying towards Mu Xuerong. This time, the two great swords had forced her into a dead end. If she couldn't escape, then there was a real possibility she would be cut down by Luo Zheng!
"Little guy, your idea is not bad," Mu Xuerong said with a smile.
She had already curled herself up as far as she could, and her entire body was surrounded by the swords.
However, in the next moment, she disappeared from where she stood, reappearing behind Luo Zheng.
As a Perfection True God, she could freely teleport through space.
Although she had a smile on her face, her eyes were filled with cold killing intent.
The difference in strength between the two was too great.
If he did not rely on those four swords, Luo Zheng would still be far from a peak upper True God like Dongfang Ning. Moreover, Mu Xuerong was an outstanding figure among Perfection True Gods.
The battle between the two was like a cat catching a mouse. Luo Zheng did not have any room to fight back. Even if she just casually slashed out with her sword, it was not something that the current Luo Zheng could block!
"Shua shua shua shua …"
The four swords turned around and once again slashed towards Luo Zheng's back.
However, the power source of these four swords was rapidly weakening. The power source of the swords was less than half of what it had been before. Now, they slashed down, but it was just a formality. They did not pose the slightest threat to Mu Xuerong!
"Don't struggle," Mu Xuerong said calmly. She did not dodge, and the crimson short sword in her hand wildly danced.
"Ka ka ka ka!"
In the blink of an eye, she slashed out four times.
Every time she slashed out, she would forcibly destroy one of Luo Zheng's swords.
After the four swords were destroyed, she slashed out a fifth time …
It was a very casual slash, but it was more than enough to take Luo Zheng's life.
However, just as she slashed out this slash, a middle-aged man in embroidered clothes appeared at her side and stretched out a hand.
It was an iron hand that glowed with a metallic luster.
This iron hand gently pinched her sword with its thumb, index finger, and middle finger.
Although the iron hand stopped Mu Xuerong's sword, the sword-light could not be stopped. The crimson sword-light spread out and fiercely slashed into the iron hand's palm.
"Ding!"
Following a crisp sound, the hand was not damaged at all. Not even a mark was left behind.
"Stop, Mu Xuerong," Dongfang Taiqing said, his calm eyes staring at Mu Xuerong.
"Why should you stop me?" Mu Xuerong coldly asked.
At the same time, Han Tianxiao quietly appeared behind Mu Xuerong and said, "No matter where Luo Tianxing came from, he is still a member of our Han Family. It won't be too late to make a decision after we understand the situation!"
Under the persuasion of the three women of the Han Family, Han Tianxiao had been very hesitant about whether or not he should intervene. He didn't like Luo Tianxing to begin with, so he didn't care whether he lived or died.
However, seeing that Dongfang Taiqing had appeared, as the head of the Han Family, it would be unreasonable if he didn't appear!
Dongfang Taiqing indifferently glanced at Han Tianxiao, a trace of disdain in his eyes. At the same time, he calmly said, "As you said, this brat's origins are indeed problematic. However, in the end, he is someone that the Sage Emperor of the Dongfang Family has taken a fancy to. It won't be too late to investigate his background.
In Dongfang Taiqing's eyes, Luo Zheng was a fish on the chopping block. No matter what the problem was, he couldn't escape. Why the rush?
"Oh," Mu Xuerong expressionlessly replied, then pulled the crimson sword out of Dongfang Taiqing's iron hand.

Chapter 1939
Mu Xuerong's sneak attack was extremely fast!
The Dao contained within the blood awl was extremely sharp, and Luo Zheng had no way of dodging it!
When encountering an upper true god like Dongfang Ning, Luo Zheng still had the ability to fight with his life on the line. It was not like he had no chance to fight back.
However, against the sure-kill attack of a Perfection Stage expert, he didn't even have a chance to fight back …
The blood awl hadn't even hit him yet, but his soul had already been firmly grasped by the incomparably powerful killing intent emitted by the blood awl. A bone-chilling feeling spread through his entire body.
The killing intent of the God-Killing Dao had a special effect on the soul.
Therefore, Mu Ning was also able to kill the Soul-Reaping Yin Demon.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt like he was about to die …
However, although Mu Xuerong's movements were fast, there was someone even faster than her.
On the side, Dongfang Taiqing's expression didn't change. However, he suddenly stretched out his iron hand, and a faint rusty color appeared on his palm. He actually managed to block the blood awl with a slap!
"Ji ji ji …"
As the blood awl spun at high speed, it emitted an irritating and unpleasant ear-piercing sound against Dongfang Taiqing's iron hand.
Dongfang Taiqing's iron hand was actually so sturdy. The blood awl could penetrate almost anything, but it couldn't penetrate his iron hand in the slightest!
Immediately after, the rusty luster on the surface of the iron hand became more and more intense. A strange and powerful energy was attached to the surface of the hand.
Then, the iron hand fiercely clenched and grabbed the blood awl!
"Boom!"
Following a low explosion, a soul-shaking muffled sound came from Dongfang Taiqing's iron hand.
The blood awl was completely annihilated in Dongfang Taiqing's palm.
At the same time it was annihilated, it exploded with a powerful energy. However, this energy didn't escape and was still firmly locked in the iron hand's palm …
Luo Zheng felt the aura of that energy from the side. He had no doubt that if this energy escaped from Dongfang Taiqing's iron hand, he would be annihilated as well if even the slightest bit of it touched him …
"This Paragon … is so strong!" Luo Zheng was extremely shocked.
These Great Fulfilment experts did not seem as imposing as the Sages, but their instinctive abilities were also extremely terrifying. Although one could watch these Great Fulfilment experts fight in the Arena of the Gods, the experience was completely different from what they were seeing now.
Dongfang Taiqing indifferently glanced at Mu Xuerong. "I already said that no matter who this kid is, his fate will be decided by my Dongfang Family. Don't be so shameless."
Mu Xuerong's pretty face was filled with anger, and a sharp glint appeared in her eyes. She felt extremely wronged in her heart.
After all, she had killed Luo Zheng because of Luo Xiao, and it was the Dongfang Family who had instigated the destruction of the Luo Family!
Now, in order to prevent future troubles, Mu Xuerong naturally wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng. She didn't expect that Dongfang Taiqing would stop her. It was the greatest irony.
Dongfang Taiqing, on the other hand, was a man of his word.
He rarely fought, and he never even challenged anyone in the Arena of the Gods. However, his strength was unfathomable, and no Great Fulfilment True God could ignore him.
Mu Xuerong didn't want to anger him here, so she could only glare at Luo Zheng unwillingly. Her figure flashed, and she returned to the Goddess's statue.
Mu Ning saw Mu Xuerong's unsightly expression and quietly comforted her. "Sister, don't be angry. Even if there really is a problem with his identity, he can't leave."
There was no place for Luo Zheng to escape in the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, and there were Saints outside the Forbidden Land. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to escape under their noses.
Mu Xuerong frowned. "How could sister not know? But I have a premonition that if I don't kill this kid quickly, I'm afraid I won't have another chance … "She had this intuition, so she acted decisively just now.
Unfortunately, Dongfang Taiqing's reaction was too fast, and he stopped her.
Dongfang Taiqing didn't restrict Luo Zheng. He just looked at Luo Zheng. "You can move freely in the canyon, but don't think about escaping. Otherwise, no one will be able to save you."
Dongfang Taiqing and Mu Xuerong were on the same side. He wasn't really protecting Luo Zheng, and he believed Mu Xuerong's words. However, he and Mu Xuerong disagreed over qualifications. He didn't think Mu Xuerong had the right to kill Luo Zheng. This matter depended on Dongfang Chunjun's opinion.
After speaking, Dongfang Taiqing stepped forward and disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
There was only one person left beside Luo Zheng, Tianxiao.
Tianxiao said to Luo Zheng, "No matter what, you're still a member of the Han Family. If there really is a misunderstanding, the Han Family will naturally uphold justice for you."
Hearing Han Tianxiao's words, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly.
In the Han Family, apart from the little girls and Aunt Han Jiu, no one else was a member of the Han Family, even if he had contributed greatly to the Han Family.
Tianxiao was just being polite. The reason he stood out was to support the Han Family. If Dongfang Taiqing didn't do anything, Tianxiao would have chosen to pretend to be deaf and mute.
After the few Paragons left, only Luo Zheng was left standing.
Not far away, there was a group of Black-armored Golden Turtles crawling slowly. Some Paragons were still rapidly harvesting these Black-armored Golden Turtles. They didn't pay much attention to the conflict between Mu Xuerong and Luo Zheng.
"With your improvement speed, these Paragons might not be a match for you if you had more time. Unfortunately, you exposed yourself too early. Sigh …" The Extreme Evil Old Man couldn't help but sigh.
At that time, the Extreme Evil Old Man had also suggested that Luo Zheng go to a floating island.
However, according to the Extreme Evil Old Man's idea, after Luo Zheng joined a floating island, he would peacefully train and look for opportunities in various forbidden areas. It was indeed a good suggestion to become stronger step by step.
However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so popular that he attracted Aunt Han Jiu's interest.
In order to help Aunt Hanjiu, he had to obtain a higher ranking in the Arena of Deities, which attracted even more attention.
In the end, Mu Xuerong actually guessed his identity …
There were some inevitability and coincidences that led to the current situation.
"From the moment I stepped into the divine territory, this path was destined to be filled with unpredictable dangers. It would be strange if everything went smoothly. Let's take it one step at a time," Luo Zheng said faintly in his mind.
Luo Xiao had arranged everything for him in the divine territory. Every time, he would be able to get through danger without any mishaps.
However, in the divine territory, everything was destined to be different.
Perhaps Luo Xiao's plan was indeed miraculous, but it was impossible for him to control everything. If Luo Xiao could really predict every step, then he would probably be able to surpass all the Sages and become the King of Sages.
When Mu Xuerong attacked just now, Luo Zheng's heart was indeed in turmoil. However, after experiencing so many near-death experiences, he quickly calmed down.
If anyone else realized that they were in a desperate situation, it would be difficult for them to calm down.
However, after Luo Zheng calmed down, he still took out the Buddha Emperor's Sword and walked towards the Black-armored Golden Turtles.
Since they didn't restrict his freedom, he would use the remaining time to make himself stronger!
The Sages outside the forbidden area also saw this scene clearly.
"Haha! This Mu Xuerong is getting smarter and smarter! According to Yu Taibai's hints, that guy's background is indeed suspicious, "Tang Lun said with a laugh.
Leng Yao nodded in agreement. "Yu Taibai's hints included Han Jia, and this kid just so happened to appear at that time. The possibility of it being a hint is very high."
Emperor Hanqing's expression was calm, but he said, "Luo Xiao has always liked to take risks. It's possible that he planted a pawn to pass through our Han Jia, but this is only speculation. There's no way to prove it. If we rely on this to kill someone, it's too much."
"Emperor Hanqing is right," Dongfang Chunjun finally said. "Once Luo Tianxing leaves the Sea of Time, let me investigate. Everything will be clear. Mu Xuerong was too impulsive. Fortunately, Taiqing stopped her."
The Sages were becoming more and more curious about Luo Zheng's identity …
The only one who knew the truth was Aunt Hanjiu.
Although Aunt Hanjiu maintained her composure, her heart was fluctuating wildly.
She hadn't thought that the trip to the Sea of Time would lead to the worst possible outcome. There was no turning back.
If this continued …

Chapter 1940
There weren't many Black-armored Golden Tortoises left in the canyon.
Not long after, Luo Zheng killed the last Black-armored Golden Tortoise. The four swords quickly weakened and disappeared.
Without the Black-armored Golden Tortoise's cooperation, Luo Zheng couldn't "duplicate" the swords.
Then, he returned to the Goddess statue.
"Luo … Tianxing." Han Liusu looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of guilt.
Just as Mu Xuerong said, the name wasn't important.
In the Mu Family, only Mu Jiu, Mu Tian, and Mu Han knew the name "Luo Zheng." However, Mu Haiji's three disciples had already died in the Great Evolution Universe.
"It's alright." Luo Zheng smiled warmly at Han Liusu. He didn't take this matter to heart.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo also pursed their lips and didn't say anything.
Han Biluo was still a bit ignorant and thought that Mu Xuerong was deliberately looking for trouble with Luo Zheng. She comforted her, "Yes, it's alright. I believe that the Sage Emperors can distinguish right from wrong!"
Hearing this, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue both sighed in their hearts.
If the Sages really investigated, Luo Zheng probably wouldn't be able to hide anything …
As for the other True Gods, they didn't have much of an opinion. Most of them were concerned about the next wave of monsters.
Normally, the Goddess Protector Statue would have to go through eight waves of monsters. The most difficult ones would be the seventh and eighth waves. These last two waves gave the most rewards, but they were only Shenwu coins.
This time, the Sea of Time forbidden area was abnormal, so the situation was naturally different.
The Black-armored Golden Tortoises appeared in the sixth wave. Who knew what would come after?
Fortunately, there were many Perfect True Gods guarding the canyon. Even if the monsters were very strong, these Perfect True Gods should be able to deal with them.
"Rumble …"
Not long after, there was a rumbling sound in the canyon. Everyone thought that the seventh wave of monsters had appeared.
All of the True Gods looked at the mountain passes in all directions!
However, there were no ferocious beasts in the west, north, or south.
"East … east!" A True God looked at the mountain pass in the east and cried out.
All the True Gods turned their gazes to the east, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
"No, it can't be. Even if the difficulty of guarding the Goddess Statue is greatly increased, it's impossible for such a thing to appear." Even someone as steady as Zhan Ming, an upper True God like Dongfang Ning could not help but show a strong expression of fear on his face.
"Big Sister … What is that …" Mu Ning said with a trembling voice.
The three Han Jia girls also hid behind Han Tianxiao, especially Han Biluo, whose face was already deathly pale.
A ferocious grayish-brown creature appeared at the eastern mountain pass.
That monster was as tall as a small palace. It had a pair of unique fleshy wings on its back. At this moment, the wings were spread open, and one could clearly see the colorful power of time flowing through the membranes of the fleshy wings.
This ferocious creature's head was like a skinned sheep's head, but its face was even more ferocious. Its eyes were as sharp as a knife, and its gaze was as sharp as a knife.
"That claw …"
Luo Zheng's gaze focused on the monster's hand. The claw had three toes, exactly the same as the three sharp claws that had pierced through the Star Door.
"That's not a monster. The Goddess Statue's trial should have ended early." Mu Xuerong suddenly stood up, a short sword and a short knife appearing in her hands. "That's the level six monster we lured down from the third layer of the Sea of Time, the 'Shi Mi'."
In the Domain of the Gods, the levels of the monsters in the forbidden areas corresponded to the levels of the forbidden areas.
The forbidden area of the Sea of Time was classified as a level six monster. This Shi Mi was the strongest monster in the forbidden area of the Sea of Time.
In the fourth and fifth layers of the forbidden area of the Sea of Time, there might be even stronger monsters, but those places could not be entered. Naturally, it was not within the scope of consideration.
The Perfect True Gods had painstakingly lured the Shi Mi from the third layer to the first layer. Under the siege of the Perfect True Gods, the Shi Mi had entered a berserk state. They had no choice but to temporarily enter the Star Door to temporarily hide, which could be considered as having won them precious time to rest.
Originally, they had thought that they would be able to rest longer. After all, the trial of the Goddess Statue usually had eight waves of monsters attacking. Occasionally, there would be nine or even ten waves. They had not expected that it would end early this time.
After the light curtain that isolated the canyon disappeared, the Shi Mi, who had been waiting outside for a long time, naturally rushed in as soon as it could!
This Shi Mi contained a terrifying aura. Those who did not have a firm mind would not have the courage to resist in front of it. The True Gods in the canyon might be geniuses from the rich and powerful families, but because of this, many of them did not have rich experience, and their minds had not been sufficiently tempered.
When facing the Shi Mi, it was natural for them to be extremely fearful.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's state of mind was calm, just like the other Perfect True Gods.
"See, my decision was correct. This Shi Mi's berserk state can only last for two or three incense sticks of time," Mu Xuerong said faintly. Then she turned her head to look at Tang Wan, who was not far away, and said, "What are you thinking? Why aren't you attacking? "
Tang Wan was already carrying a purple broadsword on her shoulder. The broadsword's body was wide and thick, like a flattened sledgehammer. Its aura was extraordinary.
"Got it," Tang Wan replied unwillingly. Then she shouted rudely at the True Gods, "If you don't want to die, don't stay here in a daze. Get out of here to the other side of the canyon. No one can guarantee your absolute safety. Be alert later!"
Many True Gods had been deeply suppressed by the Shi Mi's aura. When they heard Tang Wan's words, their hearts trembled. They quickly left the Goddess Statue and ran toward the west side of the canyon. The speed of their escape was extremely fast.
The aftermath of the battle between two Perfect True Gods was extremely terrifying. Ordinary True Gods would definitely die if they were caught in it, let alone dozens of Perfect True Gods fighting with the Shi Mi.
"Damn it, we're so unlucky. If we knew this would happen, we would have run away from the beginning!"
"Even if we were to face those Time Wraiths, we would still have a chance to survive. Sigh …"
"Great, now we have nowhere to run!"
Many True Gods complained as they retreated.
At first, some True Gods saw the Perfect True Gods enter the canyon and thought that their saviors had arrived.
In the end, these Perfect True Gods attracted even more terrifying existences. They could only cry without tears.
"Roar!"
The Shi Mi suddenly raised its sharp head and roared toward the sky.
The entire canyon began to shake violently. There were faint signs of space collapsing.
Even space and time were slightly disordered. However, this disordered space and time were difficult to detect.
"Whoosh!"
Tang Wan's figure flashed and disappeared from the spot. Then, she appeared in front of the Shi Mi.
Tang Wan, who was carrying a broadsword, did not show any fear. Instead, he looked indifferent. Then, he stepped into the ground.
"Dong!"
With a muffled sound, the yellow Taoist Connotation spread rapidly. Then, he became one with the ground in the canyon.
Like Dongfang Yang, he cultivated the Thick Earth Divine Dao.

Chapter 1941
Tang Wan's burly physique was nothing compared to Shi Mi's, but the dense Dao that emanated from his body made him feel extremely heavy.
He was like a thick wall that could block Shi Mi all by himself.
"Roar!"
Shi Mi suddenly let out an ear-piercing roar.
It had been fighting against these Paragons for quite some time now.
With its own strength, none of the Paragons were a match for it.
In fact, it could devour all of them in just a few breaths of time …
However, when these Great Perfection stage Sovereigns worked together, they were like a pack of wolves that constantly roamed around while it was just a helpless bull. No matter what it did, it would be completely restrained by them. It had all the strength it had, but it was practically unable to unleash it!
Shi Mi let out a roar, then flapped its thick, fleshy wings. With a powerful push of its thick, muscular legs, it slammed into Tang Wan!
At this moment, as Denglong rammed his head into the ground, the surrounding space was constantly torn apart, like the jagged teeth of a monster. However, not only was space in God's Domain stable, but it also had an extremely strong self-healing ability. The moment these small spatial cracks appeared, they quickly repaired themselves and disappeared.
"Haha, just in time!"
Tang Wan waved his hand, and a purple saber danced in the air.
Strands of earthy yellow energy swirled around the purple saber, and the aura it exuded created all kinds of illusions. It was as if he wasn't swinging a saber at all, but a mountain!
"Boom!"
The two enormous forces collided.
The surrounding space was constantly being torn apart, and the cracks in space shot out in all directions like sharp arrows …
Fortunately, the True Gods had all fled to the other side of the canyon. Otherwise, the black cracks would have been enough to slice them in half.
The Thick Earth Divine Dao wasn't an offensive divine dao. Even though Tang Wan's saber contained shocking power, it still couldn't harm Shi Mi in the slightest!
"Roar!"
Shi Mi's head pressed against Tang Wan's saber, and it began to push forward!
Even though Tang Wan was one with the earth, it still couldn't stop it!
Under his fierce push, Tang Wan began to continuously retreat. Her feet rubbed against the ground and plowed two grooves in the ground. After pushing for a distance of several hundred feet, Shi Le suddenly twisted his body and slapped Tang Wan, slapping her seventy to eighty feet away ….
Shi Mi's intelligence wasn't low.
It had wasted a lot of time on Tang Wan, but the burly man hadn't been harmed in the slightest. Instead, the other Paragons had taken advantage of it and forced it to go berserk to resolve the crisis!
"Oh, it's gotten smarter," the Zhao Family's True God said.
"It's useless. As long as it doesn't go berserk, it won't be much of a threat." Mu Xuerong gently waved the two weapons in her hands, drawing a graceful parabola in the air. In the blink of an eye, she appeared above Shi Le's head like a graceful butterfly. She stood on her tiptoes on one of Shi Le's horns while simultaneously raising the dagger and scimitar in her hands. Then, she fell backwards as if she was diving from a high altitude.
"Swoosh!"
The moment Mu Xue Yue fell, her pure eyes were smeared with blood red. Her whole body turned into a line of blood and flew around Shi Mi's body. At the same time, the blood-red sword light kept slashing at Shi Mi's body!
Every Paragons present was not weak, and they all had their own specialties.
In terms of pure strength, Mu Xue Yue Yue might not be the strongest, but in terms of killing power, Mu Xue Yue Yue, who practiced the Killing God Path, was number one.
Only she could easily cut open Shi Mi's flesh!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
With every flash of the sword light, Mu Xue Yue Yue Yue Yue Yue Yue left a deep wound on Shi Mi's body.
In the blink of an eye, there were dozens of half-foot-long wounds on Shi Mi's body.
This kind of injury was nothing to Shi Le, who had a huge body.
"Roar!"
The Shi Mi roared, and its huge body became very agile at this moment. Its huge body twisted crazily, and its two claws constantly slapped and waved at its own body. However, Mu Xuerong's body was extremely agile, so how could it hit it?
He was still brandishing his two blood-red swords. Like a butcher dismembering an ox, he accurately cut off Shi Le's complicated muscles, meridians, and even some small bones.
The other Paragons in the canyon had no intention of making a move. Everything was proceeding according to the original plan. Mu Xuerong, who specialized in the Killing Gods Dao, was the most crucial step.
The Shi Mi's blood energy was extremely vigorous, and its self-healing ability was extremely powerful. Even if a Great Perfection Stage expert were to seriously injure it, its injuries would be healed in an extremely short period of time.
However, Mu Xuerong's scimitar and dagger contained the power of "Blood Breaking".
If one were to observe carefully with the naked eye, they would see traces of purple-red blood flowing from the Shi Mi's wounds. This was the power of "Blood Breaking". It was this unique power that prevented the Shi Mi's wounds from healing themselves!
Seeing the Shi Mi's injuries getting more and more serious, the True Gods gathered on the west side of the canyon all let out a long sigh of relief.
"This Shi Mi's aura was so scary, even scarier than a Saint. It turns out that it's not that powerful …"
"If this continues, Mu Xuerong can kill it by herself!"
"It can't fight back at all!"
These True Gods had been so scared that their faces turned ashen. Now, they were finally relieved.
"Killing the Shi Mi won't be that easy," Luo Zheng said, staring into the distance.
Mu Xuerong had the absolute upper hand against the Shi Mi, but the other Great Perfection Stage True Gods still looked like they were ready to attack at any time. Considering that the Great Perfection Stage True Gods had worked so hard to lure the Shi Mi into the first layer, it was obvious that things weren't that simple …
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Shi Mi's eyes suddenly flashed with multicolored light. It raised its head and roared, and its body suddenly shook.
"That's enough. It's going to turn back time," a Great Perfection Stage True God reminded.
Mu Xuerong's body quickly stopped. She gently stepped on the Shi Mi's body and floated backward.
Then, the Shi Mi lowered its body, and a layer of multicolored light transformed into a huge cocoon shell, enveloping it inside.
"So it can turn back time!"
Seeing this scene, a True God suddenly understood.
The Shi Mi's ability to turn back time was derived from the Divine Path of Time. It was fundamentally different from the female chief of the Blind Tribe.
The only thing it could trace back to was itself.
When the Shi Mi's injuries were more serious, it would use its innate ability to turn back time. Wrapped in a thick layer of cocoon shell, its body quickly began to turn back time. The wounds that Mu Xuerong had cut open on its body quickly disappeared one by one, and it quickly recovered to its previous state.
At this moment, the other Great Perfection Stage True Gods were ready to attack.
The Shi Mi could turn back time every once in a while.
Under the effects of Time Reversal, no matter how severe its injuries were, it would be able to recover unscathed. Therefore, they had Mu Xuerong force it out of Time Reversal first, and then kill it before it could use Time Reversal again.
This was practically the only way to kill the Shi Mi …
Otherwise, once it turned back time, all their previous efforts would have been in vain.
"Ka ka ka …"
After about ten breaths, the layer of cocoon shell that enveloped the Shi Mi began to break.
The moment the Shi Mi broke out of its shell, Dongfang Taiqing calmly shouted, "Do it!"
As soon as his voice fell, all the Great Perfection Stage True Gods activated their godhoods. For a moment, the power of various Dao Essences wildly reverberated in the canyon, forming ripples that could be seen with the naked eye.
When ordinary True Gods felt these ripples, they didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Their souls were greatly suppressed.
"Great Curse Technique!"
A pale green skull appeared on top of the Shi Mi's head.
After the skull appeared, it kept shaking above the Shi Mi's head.

Chapter 1942
Every Perfected True God had cultivated a Divine Dao to the extreme.
Their ability to control the Divine Dao they cultivated could be said to be the absolute authority.
Even a Sage would find it difficult to deal with so many Perfected True Gods working together!
If it was the Level 6 Evil Spirit Mountain Demon from Buzhou Spirit Mountain or the Level 6 Evil Spirit Inscription from the Soul Wilderness, there would be no need for so many Perfected True Gods to attack at the same time.
However, this Shi Mi had a time-type Divine Ability and was difficult to kill …
"Whoosh …"
A Perfected True God released an ice spear and shot it toward the Shi Mi.
"Snow Imprint Spear?"
Luo Zheng looked up at the ice spears and was slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng had suffered a great loss from the Snow Imprint Spear in the Arena of Gods. The one who used the Snow Imprint Spear was the fatty from the Xuanyue Family, Xuanyue Mu.
The Perfected True God who used the Snow Imprint Spear today was also from the Xuanyue Family.
"The power of this Snow Imprint Spear is similar to that of the fatty …" Luo Zheng was astonished.
Then came the second, third, and fourth Snow Imprint Spear …
The power contained within them was almost the same as the one Xuan Yuemu had used back then.
The power of a Perfected True God was terrifying, but it couldn't be the same as that of a lower True God, right?
The next scene made Luo Zheng come to his senses.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, the Snow Imprint Spear was formed by the Perfected True God. The fifth Snow Imprint Spear was much more powerful than the fourth, the sixth, and the seventh … When the Perfected True God released the thirteenth Snow Imprint Spear, the power of the Snow Imprint Spear was indescribable by Luo Zheng.
Even if he wasn't pierced by the Snow Imprint Spear, he suspected that he would be smashed into pieces just by touching it …
This was the power of a Perfected True God! Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
Luo Zheng was shocked by this scene, and the other True Gods were in similar situations …
The Dao Accumulations that filled the sky transformed into various attacks and bombarded the Shi Mi in the distance!
"I can absorb all of these Dao Accumulations."
Luo Zheng's state of mind slightly moved.
In such a chaotic situation, no one would notice him.
Perhaps his actions would be noticed by the Saints outside the Sea of Time, but he was basically in a desperate situation now. Almost everything that should be exposed had been exposed, so there was no point in hiding anymore.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Right at this moment, the golden halos in Luo Zheng's eyes lit up and started to absorb the Taoist Connotation in the canyon!
With the help of the Immeasurable Ruler, no matter how complicated the Taoist Connotation was, he could understand it. He lit up one of the scales on the Immeasurable Ruler. Immediately, a beam of light shot out from the Immeasurable Ruler and entered a certain square on his Godhead. It turned into a beam of light that contained Taoist Connotation and shot to a certain place in his internal world.
However, understanding these Divine Daos didn't mean that Luo Zheng could fully use them.
These Perfect True Gods used divine abilities of rank six, and some were even perfected divine abilities. Luo Zheng would not be able to touch these divine abilities unless he cultivated them to the level of an upper True God.
However, Outer Dao divine abilities weren't restricted by cultivation level. For example, the Snow Imprinted Divine Spear was an Outer Dao divine ability of the Snow Imprinted Divine Dao, and Luo Zheng could smoothly use it. This was the same logic as when Luo Zheng cultivated the Ice Soul Devil Flame, because the Ice Soul Devil Flame was also an Outer Dao divine ability.
However, he could only condense four or five Snow Imprinted Divine Spears at most like that fatty Xuan Yuemu. It was impossible for him to release 13 Snow Imprinted Divine Spears in an instant!
Just as Luo Zheng was concentrating on reading the Taoist Connotation, he heard Zhan Ming shout, "Everyone, be careful!"
"Rumble!"
A Perfect True God summoned a huge fire dragon and blasted it on Shi Mi's body, causing the flames to roll back.
Those Perfect True Gods naturally didn't fear the remaining power of the flames, but how could some True Gods withstand it?
"Absolute Beginning Promise!"
Seeing the raging flames rolling toward them, some True Gods realized that they couldn't withstand it. They clenched their teeth and activated Absolute Beginning Promise. The surface of their bodies instantly flickered with golden light. With this layer of golden light, they could avoid all the energy attacks formed by Taoist Connotation.
"Who has a defensive magic treasure?"
"Using one Absolute Beginning Promise is too wasteful!"
"You're already dead, so why are you afraid of wasting it?"
Most of the True Gods were watching.
Although the rolling flames were powerful, it was a waste to use up a Promise of Absolute Beginning because of it …
Most of the True Gods present were core members of powerful families. Some True Gods should have some powerful defensive magic treasures on them.
"I have a protective bell …"
"Weng weng weng …"
That True God activated his own protective magic treasure. A large golden bell appeared, instantly enveloping him. However, this bell could only protect him alone.
The other True Gods could only think of their own methods.
"Luo Tianxing, hurry over!"
Han Biluo shouted loudly. A small ring had appeared in her hand. It was clearly an extraordinary protective magic treasure.
"He probably doesn't need it," Han Liusu said with a slight smile.
Luo Zheng nodded at Han Biluo. Although the flames were powerful, they were still unable to burn his body.
Han Biluo said to the golden ring, "Expand, expand, expand …" The ring continuously expanded, enveloping Han Jia and the other two women.
"Hua …"
Very quickly, the flames filled the entire canyon.
The True Gods with protective magic treasures all used their protective magic treasures to endure the flames. The True Gods with no other choice could only brace themselves and activate a precious Absolute Beginning Promise. Only Luo Zheng's body flickered with a golden light as he continuously absorbed the flames.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the Craftsman God had tempered his body, allowing his physical body to reach a new level. His physical body had become even more picky with flames. However, the Craftsman God had not given him an answer as to whether his physical body had become fixed because of this.
"What's up with the golden Sanskrit on this guy's body …"
"He's absorbing Wu Nantian's Demon Burning Dragon Flames!"
"He's not even afraid of the flames released by a Paragon!"
Although the flames were the remnants of the flames, they could not be ignored.
There were even a few True Gods whose protective magic treasures had been destroyed. They had no choice but to activate Absolute Beginning Promise to block the flames.
When everyone saw Luo Zheng standing naked in the flames, they couldn't help but raise their eyebrows.
After a long time, the flames finally dissipated.
Luo Zheng's physical body had returned to normal. He raised his arm and sized it up. Absorbing the Demon Burning Dragon Flames did not improve his physical body at all.
The True Gods' gazes converged on the east side of the canyon.
Under the ferocious attacks of the Paragons, the Time Elk had no chance of surviving.
"Is it dead?" a True God looked over and asked.
Luo Zheng's gaze also focused on the Shi Mi. The Shi Mi was lying on the ground, motionless.
Its body was pitch-black, and the wide wings on its back were full of holes. It no longer had the ferocity it had before. It really did look like it was dead.
The Paragons also cautiously approached the Shi Mi …
However, the moment the Paragon True God got close to the Shi Mi …
The Shi Mi suddenly opened its eyes.
Its colorful eyes emitted a wild and ferocious aura.
The light quickly flowed through every piece of its flesh and meridians, and then turned into sharp spikes that shot out in all directions!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish, swish …"
At this moment, the Shi Le turned into a huge hedgehog.
Every single spike was formed from the colorful power of time.
This scene happened very suddenly!
Mu Xuerong's reaction was the fastest. In almost an instant, she had used a spatial shift. The moment her figure disappeared, those sharp spikes formed from the power of time had already pierced her chest!
The next moment, she appeared in another part of the canyon. There was a fist-sized hole in her chest, and blood was flowing out.
The other Paragons' reactions were not slow either. Except for a few who were not injured and escaped immediately, most of them were more or less injured …
The most unlucky ones were the Paragons of the Zhao Family and the Qin Family. Their heads were pierced by the spikes, and the irresistible power of time destroyed their souls. Then, their bodies were pierced by the numerous spikes, and they died on the spot!
Then, the Shi Mi staggered to its feet.
It seemed powerless to use Time Reversal again, and it let out a roar of despair …
All the spikes retreated into its body. At the same time, a colorful halo spread out from its feet.
After the halo appeared, it sucked the Shi Mi in.

Chapter 1943
A small snake was carved on the top of the jade seal. The snake raised its head and flicked its tongue, looking very lifelike.
The entire jade seal was only the size of a thumb and was very inconspicuous.
However, what kind of eyesight did the True Gods in the canyon have? Even the tiniest mosquito would not be missed.
As a result, the atmosphere in the canyon suddenly became very strange.
If it were any other forbidden ground, ordinary true gods would probably rush forward and fight for the imperial jade seal if they saw it.
However, no one acted rashly at this moment.
All the True Gods, including Mu Xuerong, knew very well that once they made a move, they would become the target of public criticism.
However, the powerful time energy emitted from the jade seal was tormenting the souls of every True Perfection True God.
Even if it was a grade one faith treasure, it was worth it for True Gods to fight for it.
Because this was the forbidden land of the Sea of Time.
Most faith treasures that were linked to the Divine Dao of Time usually had extremely heaven-defying effects.
From the powerful time energy emitted from the jade seal, it was definitely not a grade one faith treasure. It was at least a grade three or four faith treasure.
Outside the forbidden land of the Sea of Time.
Even the usually calm Sages found it hard to maintain their composure at this moment.
Any faith treasure in the forbidden land of the Sea of Time was no small matter, let alone this jade seal that looked so extraordinary.
On the surface, they did not show any fluctuations in their emotions, but secretly, they were flying with their own Great Yuan.
"Snatch that jade seal …"
"At all costs!"
"We must bring the jade seal out of the forbidden land of the Sea of Time!"
"Be careful of your methods …"
These Sages were also very conflicted.
What was certain was that if any True Perfection True God rushed into the halo, any True Perfection True God who rushed into the halo would be besieged.
Being besieged by dozens of True Gods at the same time …
Even people as strong as Tang Wan, Dongfang Taiqing, and Fang Henshao would undoubtedly die.
However, if they were a step too late, they were afraid that others would snatch it away and completely lose the chance to fight for it.
The canyon maintained a terrifying silence.
On the other hand, the True Gods were more relaxed.
"There seems to be a jade seal over there."
"It's the faith treasure of the forbidden land of the Sea of Time. Do you think they will fight for it?"
"Definitely!"
"It's fine as long as they don't get implicated."
With the cultivation of a True God, they simply did not have the qualifications to participate in the struggle. Everyone could only watch the show.
Luo Zheng's gaze crossed the canyon and landed on the Imperial Jade Seal. His eyes revealed an indifferent expression.
From the looks of it, a dispute was about to break out in the canyon. The only thing that remained to be seen was who would obtain the jade seal.
"The halo is spreading?"
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng also noticed some changes.
After Shi Mi's death, a ring of colorful light and the Imperial Jade Seal appeared under her feet. After a while, the layer of light on the ground did not disappear. Instead, it slowly expanded …
The Shi Mi's power of time was not continuous. Like the seawater in the Sea of Time, it was just irregular fragments of time condensed together and filled with irregular time cracks.
However, there were no cracks in the power of time surrounding the Imperial Jade Seal. It was a complete power of time. Who knew what would happen if it continued to spread?
…
Under the confrontation of the many Perfected True Gods, Dongfang Taiqing was the first to break the silence. "This Imperial Jade Seal is extraordinary. It must be a precious treasure. I'm sure no one here will give it up so easily."
"Of course," replied a middle-aged man in armor. He held a golden sword in his hand. A faint stream of light shuttled back and forth in the middle of the sword.
"As I said, why don't we take this treasure out of the Sea of Time and let the Sage Halls decide?" said Dongfang Taiqing.
Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, and the other Perfected True Gods remained silent.
They belonged to the same family as the Dongfang Family. Naturally, they accepted this suggestion.
"Dongfang Taiqing, are you joking? Why don't you just ask us to take the Imperial Jade Seal out and present it to your Sage Emperor with both hands? "sneered a Perfected True God from the Sword Tribe.
"That's right. Then what are we fighting for? Will your Dongfang Chunjun cut the Imperial Jade Seal into pieces and distribute them?" said a Perfected True God from the War God Temple.
The Dongfang Family occupied a large portion of the Sage Halls. However, it did not mean that there were no wealthy families that could compete with them.
For example, the Sword Tribe and the Xuanyue Family were powers that could not be ignored …
However, if the Imperial Jade Seal was sent to the Sage Halls, it would only lead to more conflict!
Dongfang Taiqing's expression turned cold. "If it's as you said, who will take the Imperial Jade Seal?"
"Naturally, it will belong to whoever snatches it!" sneered a Perfected True God from the Xuanyue Family. Then, he disappeared in an instant.
The first Perfected True God to make a move might be in the most danger. However, he also had the highest chance of obtaining the Imperial Jade Seal!
"Dream on!"
"The Imperial Jade Seal belongs to my Tang Family!"
"…"
All the Great Perfection Real Gods moved to the location of the imperial jade seal at the first instant.
Even the most composed Perfected True Gods like Dongfang Taiqing did the same.
However, at this moment, a strange scene occurred …
All the Perfected True Gods who moved to the colorful halo were unable to touch the Imperial Jade Seal.
Their figures only flashed above the Imperial Jade Seal. They were probably still in the same position as grabbing the Imperial Jade Seal. Their faces were filled with astonishment. Then, they turned into faint figures and disappeared!
The True Gods in the canyon were astonished.
When they saw the Perfected True Gods scrambling for the Imperial Jade Seal, they knew that there would be a huge conflict.
They never expected such a thing to happen.
"Where are they?"
"They've all disappeared …"
Zhan Ming, Dongfang Ning, and the other True Gods stared with their eyes wide open.
"The Imperial Jade Seal is still there!" shouted a True God.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Some of the True Gods did not hesitate and shot toward the east of the canyon.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. Then, he rushed over as well.
In the end, all the True Gods stopped around the five-colored halo.
"The problem should be the power of time," Luo Zheng said softly.
Han Cangyan nodded. "Yes, this layer of power of time has started to fluctuate. The Perfected True Gods should have been sucked in."
Previously, the colorful halo was still spread out on the ground. Now, it had turned into a colorful whirlpool. There were even faint ripples on it.
Luo Zheng picked up a stone from the ground and held it in his hand. After aiming at the Imperial Jade Seal, he suddenly threw it!
"Whoosh!"
The stone made a sound as it pierced through the air. However, the stone disappeared as soon as it entered the range of the colorful halo.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
That was indeed the case …
Those Perfected True Gods could use space teleportation. Therefore, when they teleported above the Imperial Jade Seal, they were sucked in by the colorful halo.
In fact, as long as they touched the edge of the colorful halo, it was impossible to avoid being sucked in!
"Are the Perfected True Gods all dead?" asked a True God.
Hearing this question, Han Biluo's expression turned ugly. She said angrily, "You're the one who's dead!" After all, Han Tianxiao was also sucked in.
"No," Dongfang Ning said faintly as he stared at the light screen. "The power of time is continuous. It should be able to pass through safely. It's just that I don't know where it leads to …"
In theory, the Sea of Time in the Divine Territory could lead to any period of history.
However, the Sea of Time was formed by fragments of time. It was filled with countless time cracks. Therefore, any living thing that fell into the Sea of Time would be cut into pieces by those cracks. Then, those pieces would fall into different periods of history!
However, the power of time in front of them was a complete passage of time.
"Should we go in?" asked a True God.
"Hehe, perhaps those Perfected True Gods who entered did not return. If you all go in as well, wouldn't you all be seeking death?" mocked a True God.
Many True Gods revealed helpless expressions. The Imperial Jade Seal was so far away but right in front of them. Yet, they couldn't obtain it at all. This made them feel depressed.
Luo Zheng stared at the colorful halo. After making up his mind, he turned his head to look at Han Liusu and said, "I'll go in as well."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Han Liusu's fine eyelashes trembled. "Why?"
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo both looked at Luo Zheng. Rashly entering was too risky.

Chapter 1944
"That brat really jumped!"
"Doesn't he care about his own life?"
"Luo Tianxing!"
The Real Gods did not expect Luo Zheng to jump just like that. Their faces were filled with astonishment.
Han Chuyue and Han Biluo covered their mouths with their hands.
After a while, Han Chuyue asked in a low voice, "Sister, what did he say to you?"
Han Liusu lowered her head and pondered. Hearing Han Chuyue's question, she smiled and said, "He told me to wait for him."
In fact, Han Liusu understood Luo Zheng's motive.
If he left the Sea of Time like this, he would be in a hopeless situation facing Luo Zheng. If he fell into Dongfang Chunjun's hands, he wouldn't be able to protect him. Although Aunt Han Jiu was a quasi saint, she wouldn't be able to resist Dongfang Chunjun …
If he did this, he might be able to find a chance to turn the situation around!
It was at this moment that another red figure jumped into the five-colored halo and disappeared from everyone's sight, leaving behind a circle of shallow ripples that slowly spread out.
"It's Mu Ning!"
"She also went in …"
"Young people these days are getting bolder and bolder!"
When Han Liusu saw that Mu Ning had also entered, a trace of interest appeared on her face.
No one knew where this five-colored halo led to. Perhaps it led to a certain period of history, or perhaps it led to an extremely dangerous secret realm.
If it was for Luo Zheng, she was willing to take this risk.
"Shua!"
Just as she was thinking this, Han Chuyue grabbed her clothes from behind.
Han Chuyue whispered, "Sister, you have to believe in him. I think he will return safely …"
Han Chuyue saw through Han Liusu's thoughts and stopped her in advance. She was afraid Han Liusu would also jump in.
"Sister, don't leave us behind," Han Chuyue begged.
Seeing Han Chuyue's pleading face, Han Liusu sighed. Luo Zheng had always been able to turn misfortunes into blessings. She hoped he would be able to get through this safely.
In the next period of time, 20 to 30 True Gods jumped in one after another.
There were also some true gods who tried to use their methods to get the jade seal out, but once anything entered the halo's range, it would disappear immediately. There were almost no exceptions.
After using all kinds of methods, these True Gods could only choose to give up and try to return to the outside of the Sea of Time.
…
…
The moment he jumped into the colorful halo, Luo Zheng felt that his whole body had become very soft, as if he had turned into an infinitely long noodle, constantly sliding downwards.
The surrounding scenery also became very strange.
The multicolored light also extended infinitely, transforming into multicolored noodles.
If he looked carefully, Luo Zheng could see some "flesh-colored" noodles. After staring at them for a while, he could tell that the other "True Gods" had also entered. Just like him, they had been stretched into noodles and were falling down along these strips of light.
"I wonder where this passage of time leads to …"
Luo Zheng was also pondering.
However, no matter where he went, it was better than returning to the Sea of Time and falling into Dongfang Chunjun's hands.
Moreover, time and space were originally two highly related concepts …
Just like the countless time fragments in the Sea of Time, there were also independent spaces within them, but those independent spaces represented the past.
"Cough, cough, cough, cough …"
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a strange sound.
He shifted his gaze to the top and saw a black noodle slithering in the middle.
"A bug?"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
At the top of the black noodle, there was a pair of scissor-like pincers, and behind the pincers, there were dark and shiny eyes. In addition, there were two rows of thin and long legs on the slender body, somewhat similar to a thousand-legged worm.
After Luo Zheng jumped in, he could only swim along these colorful light strips, unable to move at all. The other True Gods were the same.
However, the black bug waved its small legs and could swim in the light strips!
After a while, Luo Zheng saw the black bug swim above a "flesh-colored" noodle, waving its scissor-like pincers!
"This thing … wants to eat that True God?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
In such an environment, he couldn't even make a sound, let alone resist!
Soon, Luo Zheng saw traces of bright red appearing from the end of the "flesh-colored" noodle.
"It's blood!"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Then, he saw the flesh-colored noodle being continuously swallowed by the black bug. The length of the flesh-colored noodle kept shrinking, and the True God was swallowed inch by inch by the black bug!
"Cough, cough, cough, cough …"
After the black bug swallowed a True God, it started to swim in the light strips again.
At that moment, all the True Gods were probably hoping that the black bug wouldn't lock onto them. However, not long after, the bug locked onto a True God and slowly crawled towards that True God. Then, inch by inch, it swallowed that True God …
"I don't know which True God was swallowed. How unlucky." Luo Zheng sighed slightly. Dying in such a situation was really depressing.
While Luo Zheng was thinking about this, the black bug wandered for a while and actually swam towards him!
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly sank!
Seeing that the black bug was getting closer and closer to him, he became more and more anxious.
He didn't know how long this passage would take. If he didn't leave this passage, he was afraid that he would definitely die!
"Cough, cough, cough, cough …"
The strange sound was getting louder and louder, and the black bug was getting closer and closer to him. Luo Zheng became more and more anxious!
At this moment, he suddenly felt a flash of light coming from below.
Luo Zheng looked down and saw that his light strips had stopped abruptly. At the end of the light strips, there was a small halo. That halo was exactly the same as the one Luo Zheng saw in the canyon!
"An exit?"
Luo Zheng's heart beat wildly.
Although the speed of his descent wasn't slow, the black bug was moving faster in the light strips. He didn't know if he could hold on until then.
"Faster, faster …"
Luo Zheng urged in his heart.
Seeing that the exit was getting closer and closer to him, the black bug was already above his head. The pair of pincers were also very close to his head.
His gaze passed through the pincers that were like scissors and saw the pair of gloomy and cold eyes. He suddenly felt a chill in his heart.
"Cough, cough …"
The pincers suddenly opened and bit his head!
A heart-wrenching pain hit him!
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt his whole body suddenly relax, and then he regained his freedom!
He didn't have time to distinguish his surroundings. His body suddenly twisted in a direction. At the same time, he found that a pair of huge pincers were firmly biting him. There were also some spikes on the pincers that were embedded in his head.
The black bug rushed out of the halo with him, but half of the black bug's body was still inside the halo.
Then, Luo Zheng felt a huge force coming from the pincers. This bug wanted to drag him back into the passage of time!
"Go to hell!"
Just now, Luo Zheng couldn't move and could only be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered!
Now, the situation was naturally very different!
He grabbed the two large pincers with both hands, and in an instant, he erupted with a huge force and actually dragged the insect outwards.
At the same time, he was about to use the Buddha Emperor Sword and the Heavenly Fang Sword!
As he condensed, two balls of energy sources appeared outside his body.
He was just about to be eaten by this black bug. Now that he was angry, how could Luo Zheng let it go? He had to kill it!
He didn't expect that the moment he condensed, the two balls of energy sources would collapse with a loud bang!
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
He found that he couldn't use his energy to trace the source, and he couldn't even use the Purple Cloud Divine Dao's Mind Control Technique!
However, his brain worked quickly. Since that was the case, he could only twist the two huge pincers.
With two crisp cracking sounds, the two pincers were directly broken …

Chapter 1945
Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear when he thought about what had just happened. It was really a close shave.
If he had been a little slower, he would have been devoured by the black pincers in the tunnel!
After resting for a while, Luo Zheng seemed to have thought of something. He stretched out his hand and used the Transcendence Super Technique to extract the source of power.
When he started to retrace the source of power, the ball of power suddenly collapsed and could not be retraced at all!
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly and revealed a strange expression. Logically speaking, this should not have happened.
Then, he thought of something and stretched out his hand to condense a flame!
The small square in the Godhead in his inner world that contained the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao began to flicker with a faint light. The chaotic aura was constantly being extracted and transported out of his dantian.
However, there was still no trace of Taoist Connotation in his hand!
Unwilling to accept this, Luo Zheng tried to condense other Divine Daos. He made a few hand signs in succession, but the situation was still the same.
At this moment, Luo Zheng confirmed a fact and muttered, "Is it impossible to condense Taoist Connotation in this world? I wonder if it's because I can't condense Taoist Connotation, or is it the same for all True Gods? "
"There's nothing wrong with you. It's probably because of this world." The Evil Old Man's voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng threw the Thousand Elephant Golden Chariot into the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. The Evil Old Man's soul once again returned to his mind and followed him all the way here.
He followed Luo Zheng into the Sea of Time. This journey had been an eye-opener for him.
Not only did he see Sages, but he also saw various battles between Great Perfection Stage experts and the Level Six vicious beast Shi Mi. Everything made him gasp in amazement.
Even though he was only a fragmentary soul now, he still believed that his experience with Luo Zheng had been worth it.
Luo Zheng nodded. He also felt that the Evil Old Man's words made sense. He did not encounter anything else along the way except for the long and thin pincers. It was most likely because of this world.
Then, he looked around. All he could see was a patch of gray. Other than some flickering shadows of trees, he could not see the distant scenery clearly.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the five-colored halo under his feet rapidly shrank. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared, revealing a barren land.
If that five-colored halo was really a time tunnel, then he should be in a certain era of the Divine Domain's past.
"The other True Gods did not come out with me …"
When Luo Zheng descended, he saw many Real Gods descending as well. However, the light strips they were in were all different. Luo Zheng couldn't determine whether they had descended in different places in the same era. Instead, they had directly escaped into a different space-time.
It was even possible that this world was just a space-time constructed by the Imperial Jade Seal.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng chose a path and set off.
In fact, there were no roads in this place, so it should be a place where people were rarely seen.
After walking along the sparse thicket for a while, the thicket became lower and the soil under his feet became drier and drier. Soon after, he passed through the thicket. The gray fog also dissipated. What appeared in front of him was a boundless desert.
Sand dunes that were hundreds of feet high lay in front of Luo Zheng. At first glance, it was extremely majestic.
"Someone's here?"
As Luo Zheng looked around, he saw a white figure appear at the top of the sixth sand dune.
Although Luo Zheng's eyesight was amazing, the figure was very blurry. He could not distinguish the figure's appearance. He could only feel that the figure was waving at him.
"Whoosh!"
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng's figure moved. He turned into a sharp arrow and rushed forward.
Although Luo Zheng was still unable to fly, he was still able to maintain an extremely fast speed as he traversed the desert.
The sand dunes that were hundreds of feet high and thousands of feet long could be passed in the time of a few breaths.
After ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng rushed to the top of the sixth sand dune.
His feet stepped on the hot sand. He looked around and a trace of confusion appeared on his face.
The figure had disappeared.
"Strange, it was clearly here just now." Luo Zheng frowned.
Old Man Extreme Evil was also observing the surroundings. He could not help but remind him, "This place is very strange. Luo Zheng, you have to be careful."
Luo Zheng nodded. When he turned his head to look, his expression changed several times.
"That forest disappeared?"
He had just entered the desert, but the forest behind him had disappeared.
"Luo Zheng, that figure has appeared again," Old Man Extreme Evil reminded him.
Luo Zheng looked around and saw a faint figure appear at the top of a sand dune not far from his right. That figure was waving at Luo Zheng as usual.
His eyes flashed with a trace of fierceness. "No matter what it is, I will find you!"
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng turned into a sharp arrow again and ran wildly along the side of the huge sand dune.
Every step he took on the sand dune caused a rain of sand to fall.
When he caught up to that sand dune again, the white figure disappeared in an instant and reappeared on a sand dune even further away.
Luo Zheng did not say anything and continued to chase after that figure.
He had been running for thousands of miles, but the scenery around him hadn't changed at all. It was still one sand dune after another. Luo Zheng didn't see a single living thing, not even a cactus.
"Luo Zheng, that figure is too strange. Let's not chase after it." Old Man Extreme Evil saw that Luo Zheng had not caught up to that figure after chasing for so long, and a trace of worry gradually sprouted in his heart.
Luo Zheng laughed and said rather heroically, "Even if I don't chase after it, I can't find a way back. Why worry so much?"
He had fallen into a desperate situation in the forbidden area of the Sea of Time.
In the forbidden area, he could not use the Gen token. After leaving the forbidden area, it was almost impossible to use the token in front of the Sage and escape into the immortal abode.
In a situation where there was no turning back, he was afraid that he could only choose to press forward.
As soon as he finished speaking, his eyes suddenly flashed. "That figure's movements have changed!"
Previously, the figure had been waving at Luo Zheng from the top of the sand dune. Now, it was pointing at the back of the sand dune, as if indicating that there was something there.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
Without the slightest hesitation, his figure shot out.
When he stood at the top of the huge sand dune, the white figure disappeared as usual. However, Luo Zheng soon saw the white figure appear at the bottom of the sand dune and point at a human-shaped skeleton on the ground. Then, the figure drilled into the skeleton.
"Whoosh …"
Sliding down the sand dune, Luo Zheng slowly approached the human-shaped skeleton. The doubt on his face became more and more intense.
The sand dune in the desert moved with the wind. If someone had really died here, the corpse would have been buried by the sand dune in a few days. It was impossible for it to lie on the surface of the desert forever.
Moreover, looking at the traces on the surface of the human-shaped skeleton, it was unknown how long it had been dead!
"Luo Zheng, look at the hand of the skeleton!" Old Man Extreme Evil reminded.
Luo Zheng focused his gaze and saw that there were three light black rings on the fingers of the skeleton. The rings were very exquisite and looked like a folded treasure sword.
"This is the skeleton of the Sword Race's Great Perfection True God?" Luo Zheng was instantly stunned.
In the canyon, Luo Zheng had also paid attention to the Great Perfection True Gods of the wealthy families.
The Great Perfection True God from the Sword Race did not speak at all. However, the sharp gaze that was faintly emitted from his eyes left a deep impression on Luo Zheng. The Great Perfection True God had three rings on his right hand!
Previously, when Luo Zheng saw the three rings, he was puzzled as to why the Great Perfection True God was wearing three Sumeru Rings. He had secretly asked Han Chuyue about this.
Han Chuyue explained that the rings were not Sumeru Rings that could store items.
It was a supreme honor of the Sword Race, and it was also an extremely powerful life-saving treasure.
"The Great Perfection True God from the Sword Race was indeed wearing white!"
Thinking about the constantly flickering white figure, Luo Zheng faintly felt a trace of uneasiness.
Those Great Perfection True Gods had only entered the halo 30 minutes before Luo Zheng. Not long after, a Great Perfection True God had already perished.
How could the body of a Great Perfection True God rot so easily?
Even if the corpse of an ordinary True God were to rot, according to the universe's time scale, it would probably take tens of millions of years or even hundreds of millions of years. Moreover, the jade bones that were ultimately transformed would still be sparkling.
How long would it take for a Great Perfection True God's body to rot, fester, and finally become a mottled skeleton like this?

Chapter 1946
Luo Zheng looked around cautiously. After making sure that there was no danger around, he bowed.
He bowed to the skeleton and said, "Senior, you must have a reason for bringing me here! I'm afraid I'll have to offend you. "
He didn't have any enmity with the Perfect True God from the Sword Clan.
Now that he was going through the skeleton, he naturally had to apologize. This was the least he could do to show respect to the dead. Moreover, the other party was a Perfect True God.
When the Evil Old Man saw Luo Zheng's action, he shook his head slightly. According to the Evil Old Man's style, he would have kept the skeleton immediately. Why would he be so particular about it?
Then, Luo Zheng took off the three sword-shaped rings from the skeleton and looked at them carefully.
After looking at them for a while, he still couldn't figure out what was going on.
In the end, he tried to draw out a wisp of chaotic aura and insert it into one of the rings. The moment the chaotic aura entered the ring, the ring gave off a bright white light. At the same time, the ring became unusually hot.
"Oh no!"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng threw the ring out.
As the ring spun in the air, it quickly stretched out and turned into a small sword. Then, it quickly grew bigger!
In the blink of an eye, it turned into a huge silver sword that was three hundred feet long!
The huge silver sword contained an extremely sharp sword essence. It was like a huge silver ship that shot in one direction.
"Wu — —"
At the same time, there was an ear-piercing sword hum in the air. The sand that was stirred up surged to both sides like waves.
"Peng!"
With a dull sound, the huge silver sword drilled into a huge sand dune and made a huge hole in the middle of the sand dune. It pierced through and drilled into another sand dune!
"Peng peng peng peng peng …"
Dozens of sand dune were pierced through by the huge silver sword. The dull sound continued far away and finally dissipated …
Luo Zheng was half buried in the sand by the power of the huge silver sword. The pile of bones next to him was also completely buried. He coldly looked at the sand dune not far away that was quickly collapsing, his face full of astonishment.
"So powerful …" Luo Zheng was indeed shocked by the power of this huge silver sword.
"The power of this ring is so terrifying." Old Man Extreme Evil was also stunned.
Although the Extreme Evil Old Man had lived for so many eras in the God Realm, he had never had the chance to see such a powerful magic treasure.
There were so many True Gods in the Divine Realm, but how many of them had cultivated to perfection?
These three rings were perfect protective magic treasures, so it was not strange for them to have such power.
Then, Luo Zheng felt a burst of heartache. This ring had such great power, and he had wasted it just like that!
After putting on the remaining two rings on his fingers, he sank his hands into the sand, and at the same time, spread out his power source.
"Hualalala …"
Under the repeated vibrations of the power that spread out, the sand around him started to boil. With a light shout, the sand around him was pushed away by the power, and the buried bones were exposed once again.
This True God had used some unknown method to lure him here. There had to be a reason for that.
Then, Luo Zheng carefully looked through the bones again. Finally, he found a black ring on top of the skull. There was a faint soul wave coming from the ring, but this soul wave was very weak and was about to disappear!
"That white shadow should have been released by this ring. The last shadow went into this ring," Luo Zheng quickly concluded.
As soon as he touched the black ring with his hand, a faint voice came from the ring.
"This … desert … is too dangerous … go north … be careful of the black spear …"
After this True God's body died, his soul could not exist forever.
With the passing of time, the soul of this Perfect Real God, even if it had been preserved in the ring, had almost disappeared. The thing that remained in the black ring could not even be considered a remnant soul. It was merely a thread of consciousness that kept repeating itself.
Even though Luo Zheng could not hear it clearly, he still listened to it many times and memorized the voice that came from the ring.
There were many things that Luo Zheng did not understand. However, there was one thing that he was certain of. The desert was very dangerous. Even Perfected True Gods could perish in it. Luo Zheng was merely a lower True God. If he were to encounter such danger, he would probably end up in an even worse state!
"Go!"
An idea flashed in his mind.
But before he left, he took a look at the skeleton.
He stretched out his hand and hit the sand hard, creating a big pit. He buried the skeleton in it. After all, it was better to be buried in the ground.
The jet-black ring was clearly a soul treasure, but it contained the last strand of the Perfect Earthly Sovereign's consciousness. Luo Zheng did not remove it. He had already taken three rings, and the ring was the last bit of evidence the Perfect Earthly Sovereign had left in this world.
Then he turned into a sharp arrow again and shot toward the north …
However, not long after Luo Zheng left, the sand in the place where the skeleton was buried kept surging. For some reason, the skeleton buried by Luo Zheng floated out of the sand under the slow vibration and maintained its original position.
Although he had obtained two extremely powerful rings, Luo Zheng's mood became heavy. He became more vigilant of everything around him.
In the boundless desert, Luo Zheng ran north for four to six hours. The sky gradually darkened …
There was no sun in this world, and the light gradually dimmed. After another two hours, the sky was completely dark. The entire desert was immersed in absolute darkness. He could not see anything.
What Luo Zheng did not expect was that just as darkness descended, the originally empty and desolate desert suddenly changed.
The surface of the huge sand dune began to flicker with little yellow lights. From afar, it looked like a distant light. When Luo Zheng's eyes focused slightly and he activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, he discovered that there were strangely shaped insects lurking on the surface of the sand dune.
Half of these strange insects' bodies were hidden in the sand dune, and only their ugly heads were exposed. They constantly danced in the air.
"This …"
Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks. His expression changed slightly, and he knew that this was not good.
At this moment, a yellow light suddenly appeared under his feet, and the head of a strange insect broke out of the ground.
"Gugugu …"
The moment this strange insect rushed out, it bit at Luo Zheng!
"Die!"
Luo Zheng kicked the body of the strange insect, and it was directly kicked into two. The two halves of the insect's body rolled down the sand dune …
After killing one strange insect, yellow lights kept shining around Luo Zheng. Countless strange insects crawled out from under the sand dune. They were like rapidly growing trees, and in the blink of an eye, they wrapped around Luo Zheng, looking like they were going to devour him completely.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng flipped his hand, and the Great Thousand Sword was already in his hand.
He could not use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao here, but he was not really afraid of these strange insects!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
Rays of sword light spread out in all directions from Luo Zheng. Dozens of strange insects were all cut into halves by the sword light. They fell to the ground and kept wriggling. After these strange insects were killed, the light above their heads quickly dimmed.
He had just killed a group of strange insects, and more of them crawled out from the ground. There was an endless stream of them.
"There is no end to these strange insects. Hurry up and leave this place!" Old Man Extreme Evil reminded.
Luo Zheng no longer fought with these strange insects. After killing his way through a gap, he rushed out.
These strange insects were everywhere in this desert. It was simply an ocean of strange insects!
As long as he stopped, these strange insects would completely surround him. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only keep running with his head down.
In the darkness of the night, Luo Zheng could not identify his direction, and he did not know where he was going. He ran in the darkness for several hours, and he did not know how far he had run. Then, he saw a white light pillar in front of him.
At the bottom of the light pillar, there were several cloaked figures standing there!

Chapter 1947
That huge light pillar looked very close, but it took Luo Zheng an entire incense stick's worth of time to get close.
The cloaked men standing around the light pillar noticed Luo Zheng, who was not far away, and they seemed to be a little flustered. They made some noises and shouted something at Luo Zheng. At the same time, they danced toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng could not understand the language of these cloaked men, but judging from their tone and movements, he could feel a strong sense of warning.
Two of the cloaked men even raised two steel forks and aimed them at Luo Zheng, who was not far away!
Luo Zheng remained calm. In order to avoid angering them, he did not choose to get close. Instead, he watched silently from the side.
The only purpose of those Perfect True Gods entering this world was to control the imperial jade seal.
Luo Zheng knew too little about this world. He needed to find out useful information as soon as possible. Therefore, these cloaked men were naturally very important!
These cloaked men obviously knew the habits of those strange insects very well. There were strange insects emerging from the sand all over the desert, but within the area covered by the light pillar, there was not a single strange insect …
Luo Zheng waited for a while not far away.
Suddenly, he heard a few loud and clear chirps from the sky.
A group of dark shadows flew across the sky, circling around the huge pillar of light.
"Eagles?"
Luo Zheng raised his head and stared. Although the light was dim, he could still distinguish that those black shadows were male eagles.
These male eagles had black feathers that almost blended in with the night. Their black eyes emitted a sharp aura, and they seemed to be very aggressive.
The cloaked men below the light pillar took out a green flute and put it to their mouths to play softly. As the flute let out a pleasant and melodious sound, these male eagles rushed toward the light spot in the distance.
The male eagles flew down and stretched out their strong claws to drag out a strange insect from the sand dune. Then, they threw it gently and swallowed it.
"So these cloaked men are herding eagles," Luo Zheng understood.
The strange insects in the desert were food for these eagles, and they were almost inexhaustible.
The eagles continued to fly, and those strange insects had no resistance at all. Every time they flew, there would be one less dot of light in the desert …
This process lasted for less than an hour.
Luo Zheng kept a certain distance from those cloaked men. Those cloaked men didn't look at Luo Zheng with hostility, nor were they too wary of Luo Zheng.
However, they paid no attention to Luo Zheng. Instead, they concentrated on playing the flutes in their hands and commanding the eagles.
But at this moment, an extremely loud and clear cry suddenly came from the horizon!
"Yo!"
A streak of golden light shot over from the horizon!
The moment the golden light appeared, the eagles were also frightened. They flapped their wings and fled in all directions!
"Golden Roc!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
That golden light was originally a huge Golden Roc. Its body was much larger than those eagles, and its wide and thick wings were dozens of feet long. When it swooped down, it crushed the head of an eagle. Without waiting for the eagle's body to fall, it swallowed it.
"Yo!"
This Golden Roc seemed very excited. With a flap of its golden wings, it pounced on another eagle. Its huge claws suddenly squeezed and tore another eagle to shreds!
Those cloaked men who were herding eagles also panicked. They communicated with each other and then began to play the flutes in their hands. However, the originally pleasant flute sound became sharp and fierce.
The eagles were encouraged by the flute sound and turned around, turning into black spirals that shot toward the Golden Roc!
A single eagle was not a match for the Golden Roc, but when many eagles joined forces, they had the strength to fight against the Golden Roc. These eagles maintained an extremely high speed, constantly attacking the Golden Roc. For a time, golden feathers kept falling from the sky …
"Yo, yo …"
Seeing that the group of eagles had the upper hand.
Two long cries came from the distance. Unexpectedly, two more golden lights came rushing over. It was another two Golden Roc!
Seeing this scene, those cloaked men panicked.
This group of eagles already had a hard time subduing one Golden Roc. Facing three Golden Roc, they were afraid that they would be completely wiped out.
Moreover, these Golden Roc's flying speed was much faster than the eagles. In this vast desert, even if they wanted to escape, there was nowhere to run. When these eagles were killed by the Golden Roc, the cloaked men would also be pecked to death by the Golden Roc!
"Yo …"
A Golden Roc grabbed half of an eagle's wing while it was escaping. Its body tumbled in the air and fell rapidly toward the desert. With a bang, it crashed not far from Luo Zheng.
"Yo!"
The Golden Roc let out a high-pitched cry and turned into a golden light that rushed down!
The black eagle on the ground had a special appearance. Its neck had a circle of white feathers. When it was fighting with the Golden Roc, this eagle was the most courageous, but now it had the most miserable end! Blood mixed with sand wrapped around its wound. It was unable to resist at all. Its pair of eagle eyes revealed deep despair.
Seeing that pair of eagle eyes, Luo Zheng's heart moved slightly. His knees slightly bent.
The moment that Golden Roc swooped down!
"Now is the time!"
Luo Zheng turned into a ray of light and shot toward the Golden Roc!
It wasn't that the Golden Roc didn't notice Luo Zheng. These Golden Roc also had a certain level of intelligence. It realized that Luo Zheng wasn't with the cloaked men, so it didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
It never expected that Luo Zheng would make a move at this moment!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng calculated the time perfectly. The Golden Roc watched as Luo Zheng rushed forward, but it had no chance to retreat.
"Dong!"
Birds' skulls were the most fragile. Even if these eagles and Golden Roc were vicious creatures, their skulls couldn't withstand a blow.
What's more, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't light. Even a True God wouldn't be able to withstand it, let alone a Golden Roc.
With a muffled sound, Luo Zheng's knee fiercely slammed into the Golden Roc's head!
The Golden Roc didn't even have time to scream before its huge body rolled to the side. After rolling a few times in the sand, it stopped moving.
"Yo, yo!"
The two Golden Roc chasing the other eagles in the sky saw this scene and let out two mournful cries. One of the Golden Roc wanted to take revenge for its companion, so it swooped down toward Luo Zheng.
The cloaked men below the pillar of light were probably worried about Luo Zheng's safety. They waved the flutes in their hands and made a strange noise at Luo Zheng. They probably wanted Luo Zheng to dodge.
Luo Zheng slightly spread his arms. The corners of his mouth turned up in a smile. He stood in place and didn't dodge.
Seeing the huge Golden Roc rushing over, Luo Zheng unexpectedly attacked in a circle!
"Boom!"
Sand and dust flew everywhere.
Under the impact of that power, the yellow sand under Luo Zheng's feet formed a clear ripple that spread out.
The cloaked men stared blankly at the flying sand and dust. After the sand and dust settled, they saw a scene that made them suddenly tremble.
The Golden Roc was lying motionless in front of Luo Zheng. Its head had completely disappeared under the bombardment …
Luo Zheng clenched his right fist and looked at the remaining Golden Roc in the sky with a smile. If this Golden Roc flew in the sky, he really wouldn't be able to do anything to it. If it rushed down, it would only be courting death!
"Yo —"
The Golden Roc circled in the sky and stared at Luo Zheng with its golden eyes. After it realized that this human in front of it wasn't a match for it, it could only reluctantly withdraw!
After the Golden Roc had gone far away, the few cloaked men under the beam of light began to yell and rush towards Luo Zheng.
Two of them raised their hands, bowed, and patted their chests. Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt a headache, but he roughly understood that they were thanking him.
The other cloaked figures surrounded the eagle with a broken wing. One of them helped the eagle bandage its wound, while the others looked very sad.
This eagle with a circle of white feathers around its neck should be quite special. Unfortunately, after its wing was broken, it would never be able to spread its wings and fly.
After the cloaked men helped the eagle clean its wound, one of them picked up a bamboo flute and blew it.
All the eagles in the sky descended and formed a circle on the ground.
One of the cloaked men patted the eagle's back and called out to Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1948
No matter what, after Luo Zheng helped these cloaked people kill the two Golden Rocs, he had won the cloaked people's favor.
For the current Luo Zheng, he needed to understand this world as soon as possible. Using these cloaked people might be his only choice.
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng stepped onto the eagle!
The group of cloaked people also carried the broken winged eagle onto another eagle.
One of the cloaked people played a melodious flute. All the eagles immediately spread their wings and soared into the sky, flying into the depths of the darkness.
These eagles had extraordinary physical strength. After flying in the sky for four hours, they needed to rest. The places where the eagles landed were actually simple campsites.
The cloaked people were very familiar with these simple campsites. It seemed that they were the ones who built them.
"It seems that they really do know the way out of the desert," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After resting for half an hour in the simple campsite, everyone set off again.
Along the way, Luo Zheng tried to communicate with these cloaked people. Although the languages of different races were very different, there was always a trace of a pattern. Luo Zheng didn't find it difficult to learn.
After communicating for a night, Luo Zheng also had a preliminary understanding of some simple words of this race. He was able to communicate concisely.
About twelve to fourteen hours later.
Suddenly, a yellow crack appeared in the darkness. That crack was like an infinitely long sword that stretched across the sky. That crack rapidly expanded. In the blink of an eye, the entire world turned into day!
Luo Zheng saw day and night change in such a way for the first time. Naturally, he felt very shocked.
As for these cloaked people, it wasn't strange at all.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also noticed that the surrounding scenery had changed. They had already flown out of the desert!
While sitting on the eagle's back and looking down, Luo Zheng's complexion changed several times!
From the desert area, there was a continuous stretch of yellow canyons. Those canyons were like cracks on the ground. In the middle of those canyons, there were strange black insects that were twenty to thirty thousand feet long and a hundred feet wide. They were poking their heads out and swimming around in the canyons.
These strange insects were similar to the strange insects in the desert, but they were thousands of times larger. The power they contained was also thousands of times greater.
Even if he were to pass through the desert on his own, it would be difficult for him to pass through these canyons …
"What kind of world is this?" Thinking about the Perfect Real God from Sword Clan who had died, Luo Zheng was shocked.
The cloaked man on the other eagle saw Luo Zheng looking at the giant insects below and immediately said, "Wow, Nana Slaughter!" Then he pointed at the giant insects below and said, "Nana Karu!"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
In the first round, the cloaked man said that the Golden Roc was very dangerous.
The second sentence was that the giant black worms were extremely dangerous!
Just as the cloaked man finished speaking, another cloaked man on the other side roared, "Huo Huo, Huo Huo!" That was a warning to everyone to be careful!
At this moment, seven to eight giant insects that were wandering in the canyons suddenly lifted their bodies. These giant insects that were hundreds of miles long actually stood upright. They opened their mouths that were big enough to swallow a mountain and rushed toward Luo Zheng and the others.
When the eagles saw this scene, they were also frightened. One by one, they spread their wings and flew to a higher altitude. Under this violent shaking, a cloaked man rolled down from the eagle's back!
Before the cloaked man could scream, Luo Zheng's hand shot out like lightning and grabbed the cloaked man. Luo Zheng swung the cloaked man in the air and pulled the cloaked man onto his eagle's back. Luo Zheng's skillful move only caused the eagle to sink down a little before it continued to rise.
The giant insects rose at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, they rushed toward everyone. They stirred up the surrounding airflow and set off a hurricane.
Fortunately, these giant insects couldn't fly. The length of their bodies was limited after all. Even if they stretched out their entire bodies, they could only reach a length of twenty to thirty thousand feet. The eagles, on the other hand, were like birds flying freely in the sky. They could increase their height infinitely!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
The group of eagles spread their wings and climbed upward at a 90 degree angle. In the end, the height of their flight still exceeded the length of these giant insects.
These giant insects couldn't swallow Luo Zheng and the others. They fell in all directions. Their huge bodies smashed into the canyons, causing violent tremors. It was as if the whole world was shaking!
"Urala!"
After getting rid of those giant insects, the cloaked man on the eagle's back suddenly began to cheer. He felt as if he had survived a disaster. The cloaked man behind Luo Zheng also expressed his gratitude to Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, he would have fallen in the giant insects' mouths.
Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. The danger just now was indeed very thrilling for these cloaked men. But for Luo Zheng, it was considered very normal.
He was still staring down. He saw that the canyons, which looked like scars on the earth, were getting wider and wider. More and more giant insects were piling up in the canyons. His expression became more and more solemn. These giant insects had to consume a terrifying amount of energy to survive in this world. They had to consume a huge amount of food.
But in that desert and this canyons, there were no other creatures besides these giant insects. How did they survive?
What he saw next made Luo Zheng feel that this world was even more unreasonable …
The canyons below continued to extend into the distance. It became wider and wider, and finally formed a huge ocean!
However, there wasn't a single drop of water in this ocean. It was densely packed with giant insects. They were constantly rolling and twisting. In addition to the black insects, there were also some purple and gray insects mixed in. This scene made one's scalp tingle!
This was a real sea of insects!
Fortunately, the eagles were flying at an extremely high altitude. They wouldn't be attacked by these giant insects.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask about the origin of these giant insects. However, he didn't completely understand the language of these cloaked men. The cloaked man and Luo Zheng gestured for a long time, but they still couldn't say anything.
"It seems that we can only take it slowly …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. Fortunately, learning the language of a race wasn't a difficult task. He should be able to do it in a few days.
After flying over this sea of insects, they were greeted by an even wider world. There were continuous emerald green mountains and rivers. The lakes were like jewels. It was a scene full of vitality.
It wasn't long before a lofty fort appeared before them. The fort was shaped like the head of an enormous eagle, and there were rows of eagles standing in an orderly manner on the walls of the fort. There were actually over 10,000 of them!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The eagles carrying Luo Zheng and the others glided down and soon entered the fortress.
Unexpectedly, just as Luo Zheng jumped down from the eagle's back, he heard a burst of shouting. Then, Luo Zheng saw dozens of cloaked men carrying black forks and surrounding him!
At the same time, they kept saying "Wu Lie".
Luo Zheng already knew that it meant "enemy".
"Enemy?" Luo Zheng stood in place and glanced at these cloaked men indifferently.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, these cloaked men were not worth mentioning. If he wanted to, he could completely exterminate them in the blink of an eye!
"Yo!"
At this time, an eagle shot over like a black sword. It stood on the roof in front of them and coldly stared at Luo Zheng.
This eagle's feathers were like sharp swords. It exuded a fierce aura. Even Luo Zheng felt a faint sense of threat.
"Feathers?" Luo Zheng also noticed that this eagle had a circle of white feathers around its neck. It was exactly the same as the one with the broken wings. This kind of eagle with a circle of white feathers around its neck should be quite special.
The cloaked men surrounded Luo Zheng. However, the cloaked men who brought Luo Zheng back were vigorously arguing about something. From time to time, they would point at the broken wings of the eagle.
Luo Zheng also understood that they were probably trying to help him clarify that he was absolutely not their enemy. They even saved the eagle and so on.
After this explanation, the cloaked men's hostility towards Luo Zheng lessened a lot. They put down the forks in their hands …
The leader of the cloaked men even slightly bowed to Luo Zheng and pointed at the broken wings of the eagle to express his gratitude. It seemed that this eagle with a circle of white feathers around its neck was really important to these cloaked men.
Then, the leader of the cloaked men made an inviting gesture. It should be an invitation to come to this fort as a guest.
However, Luo Zheng did not follow the cloaked men for long before he suddenly stopped.
He turned his head and saw a red figure sitting alone in a cage not far away. Her face was buried between her knees.
"Mu Ning?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a surprised expression.

Chapter 1949
These cloaked people weren't strong, yet they were able to capture Mu Ning?
Although they couldn't use Divine Dao in this world, Mu Ning's strength wasn't something these cloaked people could compete with.
They should be relying on those eagles …
Luo Zheng Gang also noticed that some of these eagles were different from the others. Their strength was far more powerful than ordinary eagles. Perhaps, there were some extremely powerful individuals among the eagles domesticated by the cloaked man.
Looking at Mu Ning's appearance, her mood was very low.
Luo Zheng made a gesture to the cloaked man, indicating him to wait for a moment. Then, he walked towards the iron cage.
Mu Ning didn't notice Luo Zheng's arrival. She still buried her face in her legs, motionless.
"Dong dong dong!"
Luo Zheng knocked on the iron cage.
"Get lost! I won't eat your disgusting food! "Mu Ning didn't look up.
After these cloaked people locked Mu Ning up, they were afraid that she would starve to death, so they sent food every day.
How could Mu Ning eat it? Besides, she was a True God, so she didn't need to eat.
Luo Zheng crossed his hands and looked at Mu Ning with a faint smile, not saying a word.
Mu Ning seemed to feel that something was wrong. Those damn cloaked people would always say a lot of things that she couldn't understand before leaving. Why were they so quiet this time?
When she looked up, her eyes flashed with a gem-like luster, and she was stunned.
"Why are you here!"
Her surprised face was mixed with a hint of excitement and surprise.
"Why can't I be here?" Luo Zheng said lightly.
Luo Zheng didn't have a good impression of the Mu Family, even though he had saved Mu Ning twice.
But after Mu Xuerong entered the canyon, the first thing she did was to kill him. Mu Ning must have leaked information to her sister.
In his opinion, it wasn't an exaggeration to say that Mu Ning repaid kindness with enmity!
"But why are you with those cloaked people …" Mu Ning looked at the cloaked people behind her. They didn't see Luo Zheng as an enemy, but instead treated him as a guest.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and didn't answer.
"Can you get me out of here?" Mu Ning asked.
Hearing Mu Ning's words, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Why should I save my enemy?"
Although Luo Zheng knew that his biggest enemy was the Dongfang Clan, his first target was still the Mu Clan. After all, Mu Haiji was the one who wanted to destroy the Dayan Realm.
Mu Ning's excited expression condensed on her face. She never thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly say such a thing …
"It was my sister who wanted to kill you, not me …" Mu Ning gritted her teeth as she tried to defend herself.
"The result is the same," Luo Zheng said with a smile. Then he turned around and left.
"Clang!" Mu Ning pressed herself against the iron fence and continued, "I didn't know that Big Sister would kill you. She only asked me to investigate your anonymous identity. I didn't know you were Luo Xiao's son!"
"The result is still the same," Luo Zheng said without turning his head.
Since he was Luo Xiao's son and Mu Ning was Mu Haiji's daughter, there was bound to be an irreconcilable enmity between them.
When the cloaked man saw this scene, he asked in their language, "Friend?"
"No," Luo Zheng also replied in their language.
Then Luo Zheng left with the cloaked men, leaving Mu Ning in the cage.
Mu Ning was furious.
She had the same temper as Mu Xuerong. No matter when or where, when facing anyone, she was as strong as ever!
But this time, she jumped into the five-coloured halo behind Luo Zheng. After falling into this strange world, she experienced a lot of hardships and almost died at the hands of several golden rocs.
Later, she encountered those eagles. In a fit of anger, she killed three of those feathered beasts!
Who would have thought that two more eagles with white feathers around their necks would rush over. They were actually so powerful. She was no match for them and was captured by these cloaked people.
Besides her sister and father, even in front of the Mu Clan's Patriarch and other Saint Emperors, she always held her head high.
When had she ever suffered such a setback in the past?
When she thought of her sister confirming Luo Zheng's identity, she chose not to believe it and even tried to defend this guy. Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng openly admitted his identity!
An extremely tangled contradiction suddenly surged in her heart. She could no longer suppress the strong grievance and cried out in the cage.
Luo Zheng had already walked far away with the cloaked men when he suddenly heard Mu Ning's crying. His footsteps slowed, and his eyes revealed a trace of unwillingness.
Although Mu Ning's personality was very strong, she didn't have any bad intentions …
The enmity between the Luo Clan and the Mu Clan should not be shouldered by this little girl.
But what kind of enmity she had with these cloaked men that she would be imprisoned here, Luo Zheng didn't know. He could only observe the situation from now on.
Then, Luo Zheng was entertained by the cloaked men and arranged a place to stay.
These cloaked men were very kind to him and didn't restrict his freedom, allowing him to walk around the fort.
After living in the fort for a few days, he gradually became familiar with their language and could communicate smoothly. He also understood this group of cloaked men more and more.
They called themselves the Eagle Clan and were the original inhabitants of this world.
For generations, they had herded eagles for a living, or it could be said that the eagles were their weapons and friends.
As for the eagles with white feathers around their necks, they were called "King Eagles". These King Eagles were far more powerful than ordinary eagles. They were also the most powerful weapon of their clan, and also the spiritual belief of their clan.
On the fourth day, Luo Zheng saw several Eagle Clan members being escorted out of the square on the side of the fort.
The cloaks on the heads of these Eagle Clan members were removed. Luo Zheng looked from afar and recognized these Eagle Clan members at a glance. They were the ones who had brought Luo Zheng out of the desert.
Then he saw them raise their left arm and tie it to the railing.
Next to them, an Eagle Clan member carried a simple and unadorned long sword and slowly raised it. It seemed that he was going to cut off the arms of these Eagle Clan members!
Luo Zheng frowned and jumped up. He shuttled through the roof like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water and landed lightly on the ground. He asked in the language of the Eagle Clan, "What are you doing?"
The Eagle Clan member carrying the long sword looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and then said, "Execution."
"What did they do wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
"They didn't protect the King Eagles well and let them cut off one of their wings," the executioner replied.
"If the King Eagles cut off their wings, they will have to cut off their arms. What if the King Eagles die? Will they be buried with the King Eagles? "Luo Zheng asked calmly.
"Yes, that's right," the executioner nodded.
"It's our fault for not protecting the King Eagles well."
"We are willing to be tortured."
"We are willing to be punished."
The Eagle Clan members said one after another.
The King Eagles were the faith of the Eagle Clan and they couldn't let anything happen to them. If the King Eagles died in the process of herding, the Eagle Clan members would have to be buried with them.
This was the rule of the Eagle Clan and Luo Zheng couldn't interfere. But he still asked, "Is there any way to exempt them from the punishment?"
The executioner shook his head, "Impossible, unless the King Eagles can spread their wings and fly again."
After their wings were broken, the King Eagles would become useless and lose their ability to fight forever. This was a great loss for the Eagle Clan, so the Eagle Clan members had to be extra careful when serving the King Eagles.
"Let the King Eagles spread their wings and fly again?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly and a smile appeared on his face.
For these Eagle Clan members, broken wings couldn't be regrown, but for Luo Zheng, it wasn't that difficult.
If the Divine Dao could be used here, Luo Zheng could use the Life Divine Dao to help the King Eagles regrow their wings. Since the Divine Dao couldn't be condensed, he still had his Jindan.
After thinking for a while, Mu Ning's figure flashed in Luo Zheng's mind. He smiled and said, "If I can help the King Eagle regrow its broken wing, will you let them go?"
"You can regrow their wings?" The executioner stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said seriously, "I should be able to."

Chapter 1950
The Great Tribal Chief mentioned by the executioner was the highest commander of this Eagle Fort.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
The executioner hurriedly left, and the several Eagle clansmen waiting to be punished stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment.
"You … can really do it?"
"You can regenerate a King Eagle's broken wing?"
"How is that possible!"
The Eagle clansmen were somewhat excited, and their voices were trembling.
They were willing to be punished!
Injuring a King Eagle was an unforgivable sin, and it was even worse than injuring their lives.
So when they heard Luo Zheng suddenly make such a promise, they were naturally excited, but at the same time, they were afraid that Luo Zheng was a swindler, causing them to be excited for nothing.
"Yo —"
Not long after, there was the cry of an eagle.
A black streak of light appeared in the sky, and an eagle spread its wings and circled around, flying towards Luo Zheng.
The moment this black streak of light appeared, all the eagles in the Eagle Fort became abnormally quiet. The eagles scattered in every corner of the fort curled up their wings and stuck out their chests, motionless like soldiers being inspected.
"This eagle is so big." Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the eagle.
This eagle's neck was actually light gold in color, and the aura it emitted made Luo Zheng feel a strong threat. This King Eagle … had the power to fight against him!
In the blink of an eye, the King Eagle landed in front of Luo Zheng, and a majestic Eagle clansman jumped down from the back of the King Eagle.
After that Eagle clansman took off that strange cloak, a middle-aged man with a broad forehead was revealed. This was the Great Tribal Chief of the Eagle Fort.
The Great Tribal Chief walked in front of Luo Zheng and asked in the Eagle language, "You can regenerate a King Eagle's broken arm?"
Unlike the other Eagle clansmen, the Great Tribal Chief didn't doubt Luo Zheng's words. After all, this kind of thing needed to be fulfilled immediately.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Hearing this, the king eagle behind the chief uttered "Yo". It should have understood Luo Zheng's words as it glared at Luo Zheng with its sharp eyes.
The Great Chief took a deep look at Luo Zheng and then asked, "Do you have any other requests besides sparing their lives?"
In the Great Tribal Chief's view, sparing the lives of these people was a matter of course, and besides, these people had nothing to do with this outsider, so this was not a request.
"Of course." Luo Zheng smiled. "Release the woman you captured."
Hearing Luo Zheng's request, the Great Chief's face revealed a trace of hesitation. "She killed our eagle and is our enemy."
"I promise she won't do it again," Luo Zheng said.
The Great Chieftain considered for a moment before nodding.
Even if that woman still wanted to cause trouble after being released, she was no match for the Eagle Castle.
Under the lead of the Great Chieftain, Luo Zheng arrived at the rear tower of the Eagle Castle.
After opening the door, he saw the king eagle with the broken wing lying inside. Although its wound had been tightly bandaged, it no longer had the chance to soar in the sky. This king eagle seemed very sad.
"Please." The Great Chief made a gesture.
Luo Zheng nodded and gently patted it. A round milky-white Golden Core appeared in his hand. The Golden Core emitted a soft fragrance.
As the fragrance spread out, it immediately attracted the attention of the king eagle and the Great Chief.
This milky-white Golden Core was only a Five Revolution Golden Core. Luo Zheng had obtained it when he stayed on Han Jia's floating island. It could allow a True God's severed limb to quickly regrow.
Now, when Luo Zheng took the Golden Core and walked towards the king eagle, the king eagle with the broken wing suddenly became vigilant. Not only did it refuse to swallow the Golden Core, it even assumed an attacking posture.
Helpless, Luo Zheng turned his head to look at the Great Chief.
The Great Chief immediately took out a flute and played it. Through this flute, the Eagle Clan could communicate with the king eagles.
When the melodious sound came out, the King Eagle calmed down a lot and finally opened its beak obediently.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and flicked the Golden Core into the king eagle's mouth. The king eagle swallowed it in one gulp.
Then, Luo Zheng retreated to the side with a smile on his face.
"Screech, screech." The king eagle with a circle of pale golden feathers behind the Great Chief cried out twice. There was a trace of nervousness in its eyes.
The Great Chief also looked at the king eagle with a nervous expression and asked, "How long … will it last?" In the Great Chief's opinion, even if Luo Zheng's Golden Core had miraculous effects, it was impossible to regrow a wing in such a short time. That would be too miraculous.
"Right away," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Even a True God could quickly regrow a severed limb after eating this Five Revolution Golden Core. However, the new severed limb would need to be tempered again and would be far inferior to the previous limb.
But in this world, regrowing a severed wing could almost be considered a miracle.
Just as his voice fell, the king eagle's body suddenly trembled and the black feathers all over its body exploded. Then, blood spurted out from the bandaged wound and a pale green energy gathered at its severed wing.
Bones, muscles, and blood began to gather and grow at a speed visible to the naked eye!
"This, this, this fast … this is simply a miracle." The Great Chief's eyes were wide open and his face was filled with disbelief.
"Screech, screech, screech." The king eagle behind the Great Chief also cried out excitedly.
Not long after, a brand new wing grew out. Glossy black feathers also grew out!
"Huff, huff …"
The king eagle flapped its wings and set off gusts of wind. It spiraled out of the tower's window and soared into the sky.
"Thank, thank you so much …"
The Great Chief's expression was extremely excited. He placed his right hand on his chest and bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
The growth potential of these king eagles was limitless. Losing a king eagle was a huge loss for the Eagle Clan. After all, only one king eagle could be born out of a thousand eagles!
When the king eagle flew out of the tower, it attracted the cheers of the Eagle Clan outside. They had never seen such a miracle in their lives. They were shocked but also very happy …
Those cries of surprise reached Mu Ning's ears. She raised her head and looked at the king eagle in the sky with an aggrieved expression.
Ever since she saw Luo Zheng a few days ago, that guy hadn't appeared again. Had he already left the fort of these cloaked people?
"You're so cruel, leaving me in the lurch!" She clenched her teeth and hatefully said, "Even if the Mu Family and the Luo Family are enemies, so what? I've never regarded you as an enemy …"
She didn't know how long these cloaked people would keep her here. Maybe one day she would be executed and eaten by those damned eagles …
Thinking of this, sadness welled up in her heart. Even someone as strong as her couldn't help but shed tears. She really didn't want to die in this damned place.
But at this time, a figure quietly appeared.
Mu Ning noticed something and raised her head again. She saw Luo Zheng looking at her with a faint smile on his face.
However, in her eyes, there was a faint hint of mockery in that smile.
"What are you doing here?" Mu Ning's expression quickly turned cold.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would just wave his hand and say something to the cloaked people. Two of them then walked over and opened the cage.
Mu Ning didn't immediately leave the cage. She got up and took two steps back, a vigilant look on her face. "What do you want to do?"
"I'll let you go," Luo Zheng lightly said.
"Let me go?" Mu Ning couldn't believe her ears.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and no longer spoke. He turned around and left.
Mu Ning stood in the cage in a daze. What method did Luo Zheng use to make these cloaked people let her go so easily?
The moment Luo Zheng's back disappeared around the corner, she rushed out of the cage and chased after him …
… …
… …
The Eagle Tribesmen held a grand banquet to thank Luo Zheng.
Mu Ning sat on Luo Zheng's side.
From a prisoner to a guest, Mu Ning's mood fluctuated greatly. Seeing the Eagle Tribesmen treat Luo Zheng with so much respect made her even more puzzled. Moreover, this guy seemed to have learned the language of the Eagle Tribesmen in such a short time.
This guy could communicate with them freely, but she herself was in a daze at the banquet like a deaf person.
Toasting each other and toasting each other, Luo Zheng began to understand the key information of this world from the Great Tribal Chief.
His purpose in helping the Eagle Tribesmen was to understand the truth of this world as soon as possible. Now, it seemed that this world was most likely constructed by the Imperial Jade Seal. There must be a key to controlling the Imperial Jade Seal.
In addition to Luo Zheng, the other Perfection Stage powerhouses had also entered this world.
Although the Perfection Stage powerhouse from the Sword Tribe had strangely died in the desert, the other Perfection Stage powerhouses wouldn't fall so easily.

Chapter 1951
At first, these Eagle Tribesmen had some reservations about Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had rescued the King Eagle, they had only treated Luo Zheng as a guest and had not fully accepted Luo Zheng.
But now, Luo Zheng had used pills to regenerate the King Eagle's broken wings, which had a completely different meaning.
The Great Tribal Chief's heart was also burning.
A single pill was enough to save a crippled King Eagle. He was calculating how many of those miraculous pills Luo Zheng had.
He was not clear about Luo Zheng's origins, but this was not important. If the price was low enough, he even had the intention of snatching those pills!
Luo Zheng was well aware of the Great Tribal Chief's calculations.
Luo Zheng still had seven or eight Five Revolutions Golden Pills used for healing. If the Eagle Tribesmen really had the intention of snatching them, the price they would have to pay would definitely exceed their gains.
As he continued to ask the Great Tribal Chief, the outline of this world became clearer and clearer in Luo Zheng's mind.
There were three major races in this world.
The Eagle Tribe was one of them, the Golden Peng Luo Zheng had seen before was the Golden Peng Tribe, and the other major race was the Black Bird Tribe.
These three races all relied on domesticated birds to survive in this world, and the three races all lived around that vast desert.
"Is the reason for this situation because of those insects?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Great Tribal Chief nodded, "Yes, our Eagles feed on Heavenly Wheel Insects, and only those Eagles that eat Heavenly Wheel Insects can thrive!"
'So those strange insects are called Heavenly Wheel Insects', Luo Zheng thought silently.
Every once in a while, the Eagle Tribe would take their Eagles to the desert to herd them and let them prey on those Heavenly Wheel Insects. Luo Zheng just so happened to run into the Eagle Tribe's Eagle Herders in the desert …
The Golden Peng Tribe's goal was the same, to hunt Heavenly Wheel Insects. However, the three major races in this world had been fighting with each other for countless years, so when the Golden Peng Tribe saw the Eagles, they would also attack and kill them.
That desert was the center of this world. The Sword Race's Paragon had also died in that desert, and had been dead for countless years.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng asked, "Are there any special places in this world? In other words, has anyone seen something similar to the Imperial Jade Seal? "
Luo Zheng didn't know how to control the Imperial Jade Seal. He didn't even know what was going on in this world. He could only search for clues bit by bit …
"Imperial jade seal? What's that?" The Great Tribal Chief asked in confusion.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled. There was no such thing as an imperial jade seal in this race.
Therefore, Luo Zheng casually broke off a table leg and used his fingers as a knife to carve it.
As his fingers danced, countless wood shavings bloomed, and a small snake was slowly carved out. Below the small snake was a square jade seal.
When Mu Ning saw this scene, her face was full of doubt. She couldn't understand the conversation between Luo Zheng and these cloaked people. She also didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
But as the piece of wood continued to take shape, Mu Ning's eyes flickered. "So it's the Imperial Jade Seal. He also wants to find a way to control this world …"
Although Mu Ning didn't know what was going on in this world, the Paragons and True Gods who entered this world had a rough inference. These inferences happened to coincide. This world was most likely a space-time constructed by the Imperial Jade Seal. The method to control the Imperial Jade Seal had to be found inside.
After Luo Zheng finished carving, he gently let out a breath. Then, he put the carved Imperial Jade Seal on his table, stared at the Great Tribal Chief, and asked, "It's this thing."
The Imperial Jade Seal that Luo Zheng had carved by hand wasn't lifelike, but its appearance wasn't far from the mark.
When the Great Tribal Chief saw the wooden sculpture on Luo Zheng's table, his pupils suddenly shrank. The Eagle Clansmen present also looked at the wooden sculpture with dignified gazes and whispered to each other.
These people's reactions made Luo Zheng somewhat happy. It seemed that he had asked the right question.
Although Mu Ning couldn't understand these people's words, she could read the expressions of these cloaked people. These people clearly recognized this wooden sculpture!
The Great Tribal Chief pondered for a moment before saying, "I recognize this snake."
"Where?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose.
But at this time, the Great Tribal Chief revealed a hesitant expression. After thinking it over, he gently sighed and said, "This is the Heavenly Wheel King Snake of the Heavenly Wheel Temple. In the desert, we have to worship the Heavenly Wheel King Snake every once in a while. We send young boys and girls to the temple to pray that it won't punish us …"
Speaking of this, the other people's faces revealed sadness.
Worship was a very solemn thing for a race. At the same time, they were willing to do it.
But for the Eagle Clan, they weren't willing. In this world, the Peng Clan and the Profound Bird Clan had the same feeling …
In the depths of the desert, there was a temple. The Heavenly Wheel King Snake controlled all the Heavenly Wheel Insects in the desert. The three clans would send young boys and girls to the temple every once in a while.
The fate of these young boys and girls was self-evident. For countless years, not a single young boy or girl had left the Heavenly Wheel Temple alive.
None of the clans were willing to send their descendants in, but the three clans would do their best to send in boys and girls. If the Golden Roc Clan sent in ten boys and girls, the Eagle Clan would send in a few more.
If a race didn't send enough young boys and girls, or sent too little, the Heavenly Wheel King Snake would punish them …
There were countless huge Heavenly Wheel Insects in the sea of insects. If over a hundred of them were released, the Eagle Stronghold would be destroyed in the blink of an eye! As long as the Heavenly Wheel King Snake was willing, it could release all the Heavenly Wheel Insects in the sea of insects and easily destroy the world.
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The humans of this world relied on the Golden Peng Clan, the Eagle Clan, and the Profound Bird Clan to hunt and survive. The birds hunted the Heavenly Wheel Insects to grow, but the humans had to offer their children to the Heavenly Wheel King Snake. Otherwise, the humans would be destroyed, forming a cycle. In other words, the humans of this world lived to provide for the Heavenly Wheel King Snake!
Then this Heavenly Wheel King Snake was the key to controlling the Imperial Jade Seal.
"How often do you worship?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Not at a fixed time … Sometimes once half a year, sometimes once a month," the Great Tribal Chief said with a sad expression.
At the same time, the other people in the temple fell silent. Some of the Eagle Clan members also seemed very sad.
Over the years, many of their children had been sent to the temple. They were all their own flesh and blood. Luo Zheng's question reminded them of the sad past.
"I'm sorry," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
The Great Tribal Chief sighed. "After so many years, we have become accustomed to it," he said, pointing to the carving on Luo Zheng's table. "The Heavenly Wheel King Snake is a god that cannot be disobeyed. Worshipping it is something we must do to survive! My poor Shasha, in half a month, she will also … "
Halfway through his words, the Great Tribal Chief's face showed a trace of sadness. His daughter had also been chosen as a sacrifice.
The girl named Shasha was only six years old and was not fully sensible. She did not understand what the adults were talking about. She sat next to the Great Tribal Chief, quietly and attentively eating her dinner.
Hearing her father mention her name, Shasha smiled and cast a bright smile at him.
"In half a month, we will worship it?" Luo Zheng's eyes showed surprise.
The Great Tribal Chief nodded. "Yes."
"Can I participate?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The Great Tribal Chief stared at Luo Zheng in surprise, a trace of vigilance appearing on his face.
Although Luo Zheng had helped them cure a King Eagle, it did not mean that the Eagle Clan had complete trust in Luo Zheng. After all, they did not know Luo Zheng's origins, including the woman beside Luo Zheng. Whether it was her dress or aura, she did not seem to belong to this world. As for where she came from, these people could not guess.
The narrow world created a narrow worldview. Whether it was the Eagle Clan or the Peng Clan, they did not care about the truth of this world. They only wanted their clansmen to be able to pass it down from generation to generation.

Chapter 1952
After these Five Revolutions Golden Pills were taken out, their fragrance filled the entire hall.
The other Eagle clansmen hadn't seen the magic of these pills, but the Great Tribal Chief had.
When the Great Tribal Chief saw the five milky white Golden Pills, his breathing suddenly became heavy.
The King Eagles of their Eagle Race had fought for so many years, and many of them had died. There were even more King Eagles that were injured and unable to fly, including the most powerful Golden Feather and Blood Feather King Eagles!
The five pills that Luo Zheng took out could restore their original strength, which could greatly increase the strength of the Eagle Race.
"Take me there, these are yours," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The Great Tribal Chief's face showed some interest.
Recently, the friction between the Eagle Race and the Peng Race had been growing. It was very likely that a fierce war would break out between the two races. They needed these magical pills.
"I'm willing, but the other Great Tribal Chiefs may not be willing," the Great Tribal Chief said.
It turned out that the Eagle Race was divided into five tribes. Besides the Eagle Stronghold, there were four other tribes.
Even if the Great Tribal Chief agreed, the other Great Tribal Chiefs might not agree.
Luo Zheng frowned.
From the clues he had obtained, the Heavenly Wheel Temple was probably the only place to control the Imperial Jade Seal. He had to go!
But he had walked through the desert for so long. If he didn't have the guidance of the Eagle Race, it would be impossible for him to find the temple …
Thinking of this, he turned to look at Mu Ning.
Mu Ning held a wine cup in her hand, tilted her head with a smile, and said, "So you used these pills to please these cloaked people."
Mu Ning couldn't understand the conversation between Luo Zheng and these Eagle Race clansmen, but she could understand their expressions and movements.
These Eagle Race clansmen seemed to be very interested in these healing pills, and Luo Zheng probably wanted to use these pills to exchange with the Eagle Race clansmen.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, the Eagle Race clansmen didn't agree to Luo Zheng's request.
"Do you have any more healing pills? If you want these Reconstruction Pills, you can use any number of Revolutions Golden Pills, "Luo Zheng said.
Even First or Second Revolution Golden Pills could heal the disabled King Eagles. He only hoped that there would be more of them.
"Yes, and I have a lot." Mu Ning smiled.
"Give it to me." Luo Zheng stretched out his hand.
"Why?" Mu Ning asked.
Luo Zheng's eyes slightly darkened, "Because I've saved you three times!"
In the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, Luo Zheng had already saved Mu Ning twice. In this world, Luo Zheng had just allowed her to escape from the cage. Otherwise, who knew what kind of fate she would face!
"That's because you were willing to save me." Mu Ning smiled.
Luo Zheng stared at her beautiful, lively, and slightly proud face and threatened, "Don't force me."
Even in the Realm of the Gods, Mu Ning was far from being Luo Zheng's opponent.
Moreover, in this world, Mu Ning was unable to use her Divine Dao. Although they were both lower True Divinities, there was a considerable disparity between Mu Ning and Luo Zheng's strength!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Mu Ning's face revealed a resentful expression. After thinking for a moment, she firmly said, "I can give it to you … but no matter where you go, you have to bring me along!"
"Impossible." Luo Zheng shook his head.
He didn't trust Mu Ning, not to mention that Mu Xuerong was also in this world.
Bringing Mu Ning with him would always be a hidden danger.
"Then there's nothing to talk about." Mu Ning sighed softly and said, "Maybe I'm not your opponent, but I can destroy those pills in an instant." Saying this, she actually smiled and looked at Luo Zheng with a provocative gaze.
"You!" Luo Zheng's gaze trembled slightly.
At this time, Mu Ning suddenly said with an incomparably serious expression, "I swear, I won't cause trouble for you. Moreover, my sister wants to kill you. If you meet my sister, I might … be able to persuade her. Even if you are the son of Luo Xiao, you don't have to be enemies with my Mu Family …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
Although he hadn't known Mu Ning for long, this woman had always been very intelligent. Why did she say these words without thinking? Had she become so naive?
A woman like Mu Xuerong couldn't be persuaded.
The crisis of the two families could be resolved with just a few words from her?
Not to mention Mu Xuerong, even Luo Zheng couldn't be persuaded …
Mu Ning's expression was incomparably serious.
"Promise me," Mu Ning stared at Luo Zheng and said.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, then nodded and said, "But you must listen to all my arrangements."
Mu Ning suddenly smiled, and her serious face immediately transformed into a victorious expression. Then, with a gentle flick of her slender finger, a Golden Core jumped out from her Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng hadn't been in the Realm of the Gods for long, so he couldn't bring the pills from the Great Evolution Universe into the Realm of the Gods. Thus, he hadn't collected many Golden Cores in the Realm of the Gods. Those Golden Cores had only been obtained from the exchanges between the rich and powerful families.
But Mu Ning was different. She was born in the Realm of the Gods and grew up in a rich and powerful family. Her Sumeru Mustard reserves were unimaginably rich!
"These are all pills that can be used to heal injuries, but their medicinal properties are different, so their effects are different," Mu Ning said.
She took out hundreds of Golden Pills from her spatial ring. Among them, there were Second Revolution Blood Paste Restoration Pills and Sixth Revolution Body Restoration Pills. Some of them exuded a pungent smell, while others exuded a sweet medicinal fragrance.
These Golden Cores might have some differences in their medicinal effects, but they were all able to repair the bodies of the eagles.
After receiving these Golden Cores, Luo Zheng turned to the Great Tribal Chief and said, "Will these pills be enough to convince the other Great Tribal Chiefs?"
The Great Tribal Chief firmly stared at the Golden Cores and nodded cautiously, "Yes."
To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng only gave 15 of the Golden Cores to the Great Tribal Chief. Luo Zheng would keep the rest of the pills. After arriving at the shrine in the desert, he would give the rest of the pills to the Eagle Tribe Chiefs.
During this time, Luo Zheng could only wait. During this time, Luo Zheng gained a deeper understanding of this world.
This world wasn't large. The endless desert in the center was completely ruled by the Sky Wheel Insects. The only suitable place to live was the surrounding area. After reaching the edge, one couldn't go any further.
From this point of analysis, Luo Zheng's judgment deepened. This world wasn't a space-time in the past of the Divine Realm. It was just inside the Imperial Jade Seal.
If the other Perfection Sovereigns had the same judgment as him, then they might also be heading towards the Sky Wheel Temple!
Of course, there was another possibility. Those Perfection Sovereigns had already discovered the Sky Wheel Temple and entered it ahead of time.
This Imperial Jade Seal had appeared after killing Shi Mi. The Imperial Jade Seal's ability was naturally related to time. That Perfection Sovereign of the Sword Tribe might have been affected by the Sky Wheel Temple and died in the desert …
Whoosh!
A purple light shot towards Luo Zheng.
Sitting on the roof of the Eagle Fort, Luo Zheng didn't even look at it. He just waved his hand and accurately caught the purple light in his hand.
It was a palm-sized purple fruit with a transparent shell on the surface. The transparent flesh inside was very sweet and exuded a faint fruity fragrance.
"Hurry up and eat!"
At the same time, a voice came from above.
Luo Zheng looked up. Mu Ning was standing on the back of a King Eagle, looking down at him from above.
Her originally white skin was as flawless as snow under the light. Coupled with her black hair, she exuded an almost infinite vitality. She was so beautiful that it made people's hearts beat faster.
After Mu Ning discovered Luo Zheng's method of making friends with the Eagle Tribe, she took out many good things to bribe them!
As a result, the Eagle Tribe found that Mu Ning was a hundred times more generous than Luo Zheng.
From her small spatial ring, she took out powerful divine runes, golden cores, and magic treasures with various uses …
Soon, Mu Ning received treatment that surpassed Luo Zheng. The Eagle Tribe even drove a King Eagle for Mu Ning to ride.
After some simple learning, Mu Ning could already control the King Eagle under her feet with the bamboo flute in her hand! During this period of time, she had been riding the King Eagle all around Eagle Castle. Every time, she would bring back some strange things and food.
The first to taste it was Luo Zheng. Fortunately, Luo Zheng didn't fear poison. Otherwise, he would have been poisoned to death.
"Wu wu wu …"
At this time, there was a burst of sad crying from not far away.
A woman from the Eagle Tribe was crying while hugging a boy.
Tomorrow, the Eagle Tribe would gather and head to the Heavenly Wheel Temple. At that time, these boys and girls would be brought along. This meant that the boy would be separated from his mother forever …
Whoosh!
Mu Ning jumped down from the King Eagle. Her toes tapped lightly. She circled around and sat beside Luo Zheng. Looking down at the mother and son, her pink lips were pursed. There was a sad expression in her eyes.

Chapter 1955
Since Luo Zheng had chosen to fight back against a Perfection True Divinity, he naturally had the mentality of cutting off all means of retreat.
In this heavy slash, Luo Zheng had used all of his strength, revolving the source of his strength to the limit that his body could withstand!
In this world, Luo Zheng was unable to use his Dao, so he naturally couldn't use his Emotion Severing Divine Dao. But in terms of pure sword technique, he wasn't weaker than Mu Xuerong. Moreover, Mu Xuerong was also unable to use her Divine Dao.
The power contained within this sword was extremely terrifying. The heavy sword swept through the air, forming a heavy pressure that slashed towards Mu Xuerong!
Mu Xuerong coldly snorted, a look of contempt on her face.
She almost reflexively flipped her left arm and raised her right arm.
Clang!
Her short sword and scimitar had already blocked the Great Thousand Sword in midair!
But this only lasted for half a breath of time before Mu Xuerong's expression suddenly changed. She felt as if she couldn't resist the power transmitted from the heavy sword. Her arms instantly became incomparably heavy, and her entire body rapidly sank. Her feet were buried in the yellow sand.
With no other choice, she could only withdraw her scimitar and short sword.
But in the instant that she withdrew her sword, she was wide open.
Luo Zheng seized this opportunity to close in. The Great Thousand Sword slashed vertically from top to bottom. Then, he took advantage of the momentum and thrust it towards Mu Xuerong!
This heavy sword leaned towards clumsiness and was good at slashing. It wasn't good at thrusting. But in this situation, Mu Xuerong found it difficult to block this attack. She could only choose to retreat.
How could Luo Zheng let Mu Xuerong off so easily?
Mu Xuerong rapidly retreated, drawing a thin line in the desert.
But Luo Zheng's heel suddenly erupted with a tremendous power.
Sand and dust flew everywhere, and a large crater appeared beneath his feet. Borrowing this tremendous power, he transformed into a sharp arrow and shot out. At this moment, his speed wasn't any slower than Mu Xuerong's.
"Give him an inch, and he wants a mile!"
Not to mention a lower True Divinity, Mu Xuerong didn't even care about some weaker Perfection True Divinities.
Within the rich and powerful families, there were only five or six Perfection True Divinities that could contend with her!
She was such a proud woman, yet she was being forced into a corner by a lower True Divinity. What kind of humiliation was this?
Even if she couldn't use her Divine Dao, she could still subdue this brat with just her moves and strength!
After retreating for about one hundred feet, she suddenly lowered her body, coiled her short sword around the heavy sword, and lightly flicked it. She was planning to use her mysterious and nimble sword technique to deflect Luo Zheng's heavy sword, then use her curved blade to cut off Luo Zheng's head.
In a battle between Gods, martial arts and movement techniques could not determine victory or defeat, so the True Gods did not pay much attention to them.
Even so, the body movement skills and martial arts techniques practiced by the Real Gods of the big families were still top-notch existences. At certain times, they could often exhibit great effects, such as the current situation!
Luo Zheng's strength was formidable, but he had been easily drawn away by Mu Xuerong. Mu Xuerong felt a trace of satisfaction in her heart.
But her complacency only lasted for a moment.
What Mu Xuerong didn't know was that Luo Zheng's weakness lay in his Divine Dao. He had never dared to use his Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and in this world, he was unable to use it.
But in terms of sword moves, he did not lose to anyone, including Mu Xuerong.
The heavy sword had just been drawn away by Mu Xuerong, but with a swing of the heavy sword, it returned to its original position with incomparable precision. The heavy sword was still pointed at Mu Xuerong's head.
If Mu Xuerong insisted on rushing forwards, before her curved blade could even touch Luo Zheng, the sword would have already pierced through her head!
Mu Xuerong's original attack had been easily dispelled by Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword. After she came to a sudden stop, she still had to dodge Luo Zheng's attack. She felt an indescribable discomfort.
She was extremely unwilling to accept this. After dodging Luo Zheng's attack, she turned around once more, changing her moves once more.
She never thought that Luo Zheng would still hold the Great Thousand Heavy Sword and casually point at her.
With this one point, he had completely seen through Mu Xuerong, placing her in a dilemma!
Once, twice, thrice …
After several times, Luo Zheng was like a calm powerhouse playing with the flustered and exasperated Mu Xuerong.
At this moment, Mu Xuerong felt as if she were about to go crazy.
Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and the others crossed their arms. They stood on the hot sand and didn't attack. They were just watching the show.
"This boy surnamed Luo can rely on his own sword moves to contend with Mu Xuerong?" Tang Wan's face was filled with surprise.
Perhaps a Perfection True Divinity didn't rely on 'moves', but how many of those that could cultivate to a Perfection True Divinity could be lacking? Even if they were lacking, it was impossible for them to be worse than a lower True Divinity!
"What a mysterious sword skill. To use one sword to break ten thousand swords, Mu Xuerong was right. That boy most likely came from the universe," Fang Henshao lightly said.
Martial artists that could struggle free from the universe generally had decent talent. It could be said that these fellows that had relied on their own strength to become 'equal level life forms' would be highly sought after in any rich and powerful family.
But Fang Henshao and the others had a trace of disdain for these 'second level life forms' that came from the universe.
These second level life forms had a common problem. They placed too much emphasis on 'techniques'.
For example, sword moves, martial skills, movement techniques, and so on. These martial skills could only be considered 'techniques'.
But in reality, 'Dao' was far more important and powerful than 'techniques'.
The 'Dao' in the Realm of the Gods naturally referred to the 'Three Thousand Divine Daos'. In the universe, these second level life forms often focused on 'techniques'. Of the second level life forms that entered the Realm of the Gods, many of them were still immersed in 'techniques'. This was what it meant to neglect the fundamentals and focus on the details.
The Realm of the Gods' citizens had far more opportunities to come into contact with the Divine Dao than the second level life forms. Naturally, they didn't place too much emphasis on martial skills. Thus, when Luo Zheng had just entered the Realm of the Gods, the martial skills that the Realm of the Gods cultivated were too horrible to look at …
As Mu Xuerong and Luo Zheng were locked in a stalemate, the Black Bird Clan, Eagle Clan, and Roc Clan Chiefs suddenly became anxious.
These three clans had accompanied the Sky Wheel King Snake for many years and were familiar with its habits. That beast's temperament was extremely unstable. If they showed even the slightest bit of disrespect, it would be angered. Not long after, it would release one or two Sky Wheel Giant Worms to wreak havoc everywhere.
These three clans hated this Sky Wheel King Snake to the bone. But this Sky Wheel King Snake controlled the lives of almost everyone in this world. In front of the Sky Wheel Temple, they could only maintain absolute respect.
One of the Roc Clan members couldn't bear it anymore. He ran over to Fang Henshao and spoke in the Roc Clan's language.
Among this group of Perfect True Gods, only Fang Henshao was proficient in the Roc Clan's language.
After hearing the Roc Clan member's words, Fang Henshao frowned slightly. This Roc Clan member said that the Sky Wheel King Snake was naturally suspicious and extremely cautious. If it was startled, it probably wouldn't appear to collect the tribute.
Because of the dispute between Mu Xuerong and Luo Zheng, if things were to be ruined, the gains would not make up for the losses!
Thinking of this, Fang Henshao quickly walked towards Mu Xuerong.
Mu Xuerong's figure was like a blood-red shuttle. She constantly circled Luo Zheng, searching for Luo Zheng's weakness.
Her speed still had an absolute advantage, but every time she launched an attack, Luo Zheng's erratic heavy sword would always be able to wait for her to strike. She could only grit her teeth and retreat.
This time, just as Mu Xuerong wanted to rush forward, Fang Henshao grabbed her wrist with an even faster speed and pulled her back!
"What are you doing?" Mu Xuerong's face was full of anger as she angrily rebuked Fang Henshao.
"If you fight with that brat here, I'm afraid you'll startle that guy." Fang Henshao pointed at the huge statue of the Sky Wheel King Snake.
Mu Xuerong was determined to kill Luo Zheng. She coldly said, "If that's the case, why aren't you helping? Are you afraid that Dongfang Taiqing will make trouble for you? "
Hearing this, Fang Henshao glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "That's true."
Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and the others did not care about Luo Zheng's life or death. As long as Mu Xuerong did not go crazy and cause a ruckus, it was fine. Although Luo Zheng relied on his own advantages to display decent strength in this world, with several Perfection Sovereigns attacking at the same time, Luo Zheng's strength was not worth mentioning.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was startled. His middle and ring fingers curled up slightly. Those two fingers were wearing the ring of the Sword Race's Perfection Sovereigns. If these Perfection Sovereigns really wanted to attack together, he would have no choice but to fight with his life on the line.
"Let's quickly help you deal with this brat. When we return to the floating island, you have to take out some benefits." Tang Wan slowly walked over with her large blade.

Chapter 1956
Not far away, Mu Ning crawled up from the ground.
Seeing this scene, her heart was incomparably tangled.
She was the one who understood Mu Xuerong the most. Once her sister made a decision, it could not be changed!
In the past, she would not have dared to try to persuade her sister.
But at this moment, she didn't know where the courage came from, but she rushed forward. This time, she stood in front of Luo Zheng.
"Sister, please … stop!" Mu Ning said through clenched teeth.
Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, and Fang Henshao were already prepared to act, but they did not expect Mu Ning to run out again.
Previously, Mu Ning had blocked Mu Xuerong once, and now she stood in front of Luo Zheng. They could not understand.
"Did the little girl from the Mu Family eat the wrong medicine today?" Tang Wan laughed, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
Fang Henshao did not speak, only looking at Mu Xuerong. Mu Ning was her sister, so it was up to Mu Xuerong to deal with her.
"Mu Ning! What's wrong with you? Why is there no end to today? "
Mu Xuerong's eyebrows suddenly rose.
In front of her, Mu Ning had always been very obedient and had never disobeyed her.
But now, this was the second time!
"I, I …" Mu Ning's face was filled with nervousness. After thinking for a while, she said in a trembling voice, "I think we can have a good talk!"
"Talk?" Mu Xuerong was stunned, and her face darkened. "Are you joking?"
"Hahahaha, so funny." Tang Wan laughed, and Mu Xuerong fiercely glared at her.
Luo Zheng looked at Mu Xuerong's slender back, his face full of surprise.
He didn't think that Mu Ning would stand up again and again to block his path.
Mu Ning gritted her teeth and said, "Even if he really is from the Luo Family, and is the son of Luo Xiao, he is not necessarily an enemy of our Mu Family. Why must we fight to the death?"
Hearing Mu Ning's words, Mu Xuerong's eyebrows furrowed even more. She stared at Mu Ning as if she were looking at a stranger. After a while, she revealed a helpless smile. "Mu Ning, when did you become so naive?"
"I'm not naive." Mu Ning shook her head and said with determination, "I just want to give each other a chance."
"Haha." Mu Xuerong was truly angered to the point of laughing. If Mu Ning wasn't her little sister, she would have already used her dagger to cut her into countless pieces. She sneered and said, "I'll give you a chance. Ask that brat if he agrees."
Mu Ning immediately turned her head to look at Luo Zheng, her eyes revealing a trace of pleading.
"Impossible," Luo Zheng answered decisively and neatly. His face was very calm.
The enmity between the Luo Clan and the Mu Clan could not be resolved. There was no possibility of peace talks between him and the Mu Clan.
"You …"
Mu Ning's eyes flashed with disappointment.
In fact, with Mu Ning's intelligence, she already knew what kind of reaction her elder sister would have. She also knew that the enmity between the Mu Family and the Luo Family would not be so easy to resolve. The conflict involved the disputes within the Saint Halls, and perhaps there were even greater secrets hidden in the depths.
But she still couldn't help but try again …
The smile on Mu Xuerong's face grew colder and colder. Her gaze passed over Mu Ning and fell on Luo Zheng. "How interesting. I don't know what you did to my little sister. The Mu Ning of the past was not so naive."
"Your little sister has taken a fancy to that brat from the Luo Clan, right?" Tang Wan ridiculed.
As soon as these words came out, Mu Ning's brows furrowed again. Mu Ning was like a child whose thoughts had been guessed, and a trace of panic appeared on her face.
Luo Zheng looked at Mu Ning's black waterfall-like hair, and his heart trembled slightly.
Then he let out a long sigh and said, "Three Perfect True Divinities besieging me. It's really an honor. But you seem to have picked the wrong place." As he spoke, Luo Zheng raised his arm, and his thumb hooked onto the silver ring on his middle finger.
At the same time, his finger pointed at the temple not far away, and a silver light refracted, appearing very dazzling.
Just now, Luo Zheng had heard the conversation between Mu Xuerong and Tang Wan.
Tang Wan and Fang Henshao had joined the battle because they were afraid that his fight with Mu Xuerong would alarm the Skywheel King Snake.
"The three of you, do you still want to fight?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
When they noticed the ring on Luo Zheng's hand, their expressions changed.
"Strike Ring? Where did you get it?"
Mu Xuerong's expression became ugly again, and that strong premonition surged up again.
When Dongfang Taiqing had stopped him in the canyon, she felt that this brat's life was very good. Now, it seemed that her premonition was very accurate.
"Hey, Mu Xuerong! Is taking this brat's life really that important? "
"That's right! This brat left the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. How could he escape from the Sage Emperor's eyes? "
"If you want to fight, go further away! Don't alarm that snake! "
When the other Perfect True Divinities saw the silver sword-shaped ring on Luo Zheng's hand, they all spoke up to stop Mu Xuerong.
These Perfect True Divinities naturally recognized the two "Strike Rings" and understood the power of these "Strike Rings" very well.
If Luo Zheng really activated one of the Strike Rings and shot it towards the temple, then he would be finished. Who knew when he would be able to enter the Heavenly Wheel Temple again!
Mu Xuerong's chest heaved up and down. Her gaze was like a viper's as she stared at Luo Zheng. The edge of her short sword trembled slightly.
Even so, she still wanted to join hands with Tang Wan and Fang Henshao to take one less risk and capture Luo Zheng. She, Mu Xuerong, would never be threatened by anyone!
At this moment …
Fang Henshao reached out and gently pressed down on Mu Xuerong's short sword.
"What are you doing …" Mu Xuerong was just about to speak when Fang Henshao made a shushing gesture and pointed towards the temple.
Two dots of light flashed from the depths of the Heavenly Wheel Temple, and then a huge monster slowly crawled out.
It was a huge black snake, and the scales on its body reflected a gorgeous luster. It was the Skywheel King Snake they had been waiting for!
The moment the Skywheel King Snake appeared, the area in front of the altar fell silent.
Everyone's bodies stiffened.
The Mystic Birds, who had been making a racket, also quieted down.
The crying children were also frightened. Each of them opened their small mouths and stared blankly at the huge black snake.
The Eagle Clan, the Roc Clan, and the Mystic Bird Clan all knelt down and kowtowed to the Skywheel King Snake.
But how could these Perfect True Gods be willing to kowtow to this snake?
If it weren't for the fact that they couldn't use Divine Dao here, they would have already rushed into the Heavenly Wheel Temple and chopped this snake to pieces.
Moreover, these Perfect True Gods were also True Gods!
In their inner worlds, it was always others who kowtowed to them. When had they ever kowtowed to others?
"Ku Lulu!"
A person from the Roc Clan lowered his voice as much as possible and reminded Mu Xuerong and the other Perfect True Gods.
The Black Bird Tribe and the Eagle Tribe also signaled to the other Great Perfection Earthly Sovereigns and Luo Zheng's group. Their faces were filled with fear, afraid that the actions of this group of outsiders would anger the Skywheel Serpent Monarch.
These Perfect True Gods hesitated for a moment, but in the end, they still bent their knees.
This world was the home of the Skywheel King Snake. In order to enter the Heavenly Wheel Temple, they had no choice but to lower themselves.
Luo Zheng also knelt on one knee. He raised his head slightly and carefully sized up the slowly wriggling Skywheel King Snake.
Just like what the Eagle Tribesmen had said, this Sky Wheel King Snake was extremely vigilant. It carefully extended its huge body out of the divine palace, looking left and right all the way, as if it would shrink back into the divine palace as long as there was any movement.
Just as Luo Zheng was observing the Skywheel King Snake, he suddenly felt a gaze from the side. He turned his head slightly and met Mu Ning's eyes.

Chapter 1957
In just a few days, Mu Ning's personality had changed a lot, which surprised Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng agreed with Mu Xuerong's words. How could the enmity between the Mu and Luo families be so easily resolved? Mu Ning's thoughts were too naive.
"Weng, weng …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard a series of noises in the distance.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a curtain of light flickering in front of the Light Wheel Temple. On the surface of this curtain of light, there were pitch-black spears. These spears contained a strange power, as if they had been condensed over the years.
"Black spears!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He instantly recalled the words left behind by the Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's consciousness, "Be careful of those black spears." It seemed that the Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's Great Perfection Stage Sky Wheel Temple had perished because of these black spears.
But what kind of power did these black spears contain that could make a Perfect Circle sword cultivator die in such a short time?
With the strength of Mu Xuerong and the other Perfection Sovereigns, if they could directly enter the Heavenly Wheel Temple, they wouldn't have wasted time infiltrating the Roc Clan and the Black Bird Clan. It should be because they encountered a huge setback in their first attempt at the Heavenly Wheel Temple and had no other choice.
"So, Dongfang Taiqing also died to these black spears?" Luo Zheng thought, then he denied his own judgment. After all, Mu Xuerong had just mentioned that Dongfang Taiqing was looking for trouble with Fang Henshao and the others.
Today, Dongfang Taiqing didn't come with them. He was most likely injured by these black spears. Luo Zheng secretly looked at the snake as he pondered.
When the Sky Wheel King Snake walked in front of the light, it suddenly spat out its long tongue and made a hissing sound. Then, the curtain of light that enveloped the Sky Wheel Temple slowly opened.
Many of the Great Perfection Stage beings raised their heads as soon as the light barrier opened, and faint killing intent flickered in their eyes.
"Hiss ~"
The moment they released their killing intent, the Sky Wheel King Snake paused for a moment, and its huge body retreated back into the light curtain. At the same time, it raised its head high and scanned its surroundings vigilantly.
Seeing this, Fang Henshao waved his hand lightly, indicating that everyone should not be anxious.
Although these Paragons could not use their Divine Dao, they did not place the Radiant Wheel Monarch Snake in their eyes.
The only thing they couldn't break through was the light curtain around the temple and the black spears. Therefore, when they saw a crack in the light curtain, they couldn't suppress their killing intent.
None of the Paragons had expected the snake to be so vigilant. Their hearts sank slightly, and they lowered their heads again.
The Sky Wheel King Snake glanced around and hissed. It hesitated for a while before dispelling the doubts in its heart. Once again, it crawled out of the light curtain and crawled toward the altar.
The length of the Sky Wheel King Snake was unknown. From the Sky Wheel Holy Palace to the sacrificial altar, it was impossible to see its entire body. More than half of its body was hidden in the Sky Wheel Holy Palace.
"Hiss!"
When it reached the top of the altar, it flicked its tongue at the Eagle Race, Roc Race, and Black Bird Race below.
The chiefs of the three clans understood and carried the children up the altar, placing the frightened children on the altar. Then, they walked down the altar and prostrated themselves on the ground again.
"Wow!"
"I'm scared …"
"Wu wu wu …"
Most of the children were so frightened that they couldn't even cry.
There were also some children who, after seeing the snake, cried with all their might.
"Hiss!"
The Sky Wheel King Snake looked at the children, and its pitch-black eyes revealed a greedy expression. It suddenly spat out its long and thin tongue. This tongue was like a rope, coiling around the children.
Most living beings would be most focused when attacking or eating, and the Sky Wheel Snake King was no exception.
By the time the Sky Wheel King Snake swallowed the children and began to retreat, it would be too late …
Luo Zheng understood this principle. The Paragons also understood this principle.
At this moment, Mu Xuerong, who had her head lowered, suddenly shouted, "Go!"
She then transformed into a streak of blood-red light and charged towards the Heavenly Wheel King Snake. The dagger and scimitar in her hands quickly unfurled. As she leapt into the air, the two weapons were like a pair of wings, following her and drawing two beautiful arcs in the air.
Besides Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and all the other Paragons … all charged forward.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. With a surge of power under his feet, he created a huge sandpit and followed closely behind!
The Mystic Bird clan, Eagle clan, and Roc clan's clansmen all stood up, their expressions complicated and excited.
The three clans had been oppressed by the Heavenly Wheel King Snake for so many years. Every month to half a year, they would have to sacrifice their children to the Heavenly Wheel King Snake, becoming its food. In their hearts, they hated the Heavenly Wheel King Snake to the bone.
But their fear of the Sky Wheel King Snake had been passed down from generation to generation. They had no motivation or ability to resist.
However, these outsiders who had suddenly appeared possessed powers they couldn't understand. If they could really get rid of the Sky Wheel King Snake, it might be a good thing for them!
Among the Paragons, Mu Xuerong's movements were the fastest. Everyone only saw a streak of blood red light flash past, landing on the Sky Wheel King Snake's head!
"Pu!"
The short sword in her hand was like a nail, firmly piercing through the snake's head and fixing herself on it.
"Hiss! Hiss — "
Feeling the pain, the Sky Wheel King Snake raised its head high up in the air. It used its tongue to bind the children and dragged them high up into the air. Now that it was in pain, it threw the children away!
"Catch them!"
"Catch our children …"
The Mystic Bird clan, Eagle clan, and Roc clan's clansmen were shocked. Although the ground was soft desert, falling from such a height, even if they didn't die, they would be seriously injured!
"Chirp chirp …"
"Screech —"
At this time, the Mystic Bird, Golden Roc, and Eagle clan's clansmen all flew high into the sky, catching the children who were falling rapidly.
Only then did the three clan chiefs relax. They turned to look at the Sky Wheel King Snake again, their mouths wide open!
The invincible Skywheel Serpent King was rolling around in an attempt to shake off the intruders. However, the intruders were extremely agile. They circled the serpent up and down, launching attacks at it non-stop!
The scimitar in Mu Xuerong's hand suddenly pulled at the serpent's head, and her entire body plummeted downwards. The scimitar had created a 200 foot long wound on the serpent's head, and dark red blood flowed out from the wound like a waterfall. After smelling the thick scent of blood, her eyes became extremely excited. Just as her toes touched the ground, she jumped up again.
Luo Zheng kept rolling on the snake's thick neck. The Boundless Thousand Sword slashed out circular sword lights around him. Wherever the sword lights passed, the skin and flesh would be torn open.
The other Paragons also used their own divine abilities to severely injure the Sky Wheel King Snake.
If they could use their divine path, killing the Sky Wheel King Snake would be a piece of cake. Now, they could only rely on their own strength to kill it, which was still quite strenuous …
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Suddenly, the Sky Wheel King Snake raised its head high and slammed it on the altar.
"Boom!"
With a violent tremor, many Paragons were shaken off the snake's head.
Only Luo Zheng, Mu Xuerong, and Fang Henshao pierced their weapons into the snake's head at the critical moment, firmly fixing themselves on it!
After that, the Sky Wheel Serpent King dragged the few of them back to the Sky Wheel Palace.
After the Sky Wheel King Snake retreated into the temple, the gap protecting the Sky Wheel Temple began to slowly close.
"Chase!"
"Let's rush in before the light curtain closes!"
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The other Paragons followed closely behind, charging through the barrier of light and into the temple.
The difference in strength between Mu Ning and those Paragons was too great. She did not have the terrifying strength and body of Luo Zheng, so she did not rush in immediately. Looking at the closing light curtain, she took out the bamboo flute in her hand and summoned the king eagle of the Eagle Tribe!
When the Great Tribal Chief of the Eagle Tribe saw this, he wanted to stop her. However, on second thought, he was afraid that they had already thoroughly offended the Sky Wheel King Snake. What was done could not be undone. Now, he could only pin his hopes on this group of outsiders. He hoped that they could really kill the Sky Wheel King Snake.
The moment the king eagle rushed towards Mu Ning, Mu Ning turned and jumped on its back. She grabbed the feathers of the king eagle's back with one hand and stared at the gap in the light curtain.

Chapter 1958
Luo Zheng gripped the Da Qian Heavy Sword tightly and firmly fixed himself to the snake's head.
Along the way, he was constantly bumped up and down. He was also constantly knocked against the beams at the top of the temple. Sometimes, he was even pressed against the ceiling …
However, with the strength of his body, these collisions did not cause him any harm. On the contrary, the roof of the Sky Wheel Temple was full of bumps and hollows from his collisions!
"Peng peng peng peng …"
Like Luo Zheng, Mu Xuerong, who was firmly fixed to the other side, was also in a similar situation.
Her fixed position was higher than Luo Zheng's. As the Sky Wheel King Snake constantly retreated, her head also smashed countless beams along the way.
Although Mu Xuerong was a Perfect True God and her body was much stronger than that of an ordinary True God, she still did not have a body as strong as Luo Zheng's. Moreover, Luo Zheng's body was protected by a layer of concentric clothing. Under the repeated collisions, she was also dizzy.
The flying dust and rubble made her face covered in dust and dirt. She looked battered and exhausted.
Luo Zheng, who was hanging on the side of the snake's head, glanced at her and revealed a faint smile. Mu Xuerong noticed it and angrily said, "What are you smiling at!"
Luo Zheng shrugged and the smile on his face became even wider.
She was just about to open her mouth and curse when, with a "peng", her head heavily smashed into another beam …
In comparison, Young Master Hen, who was hanging below, was in a much better situation. His Azure Edge Sword was nailed to the side of the snake. He stood on his tiptoes on the sword's hilt. Although the snake's head was constantly shaking, he was still as steady as Mount Tai, maintaining his balance.
Seeing Mu Xuerong's battered appearance, he could not help but laugh.
Mu Xuerong was immediately angry. According to her temper, she would probably flip over and climb to the other side of the snake's head and kick Luo Zheng down.
However, the speed at which the snake's head was retreating was too fast. If she was not careful and was thrown down, it would be difficult to catch up!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Sky Wheel King Snake continued to retreat into the depths of the Sky Wheel Temple.
The Perfect True Gods behind it also madly ran. The person at the very back was Mu Ning. Compared to the other Perfect True Gods, there was a large gap.
An entire incense stick of time passed …
It was unknown how long the Heavenly Wheel King Snake had retreated into the depths of the ground, but the surroundings were completely immersed in darkness.
Luo Zheng gripped the hilt of the Great Thousand Heavy Sword tightly and activated his Clear Eyes Spiritual Pupils to scan his surroundings. He discovered that he was still inside the Heavenly Wheel Holy Palace. He did not expect the Heavenly Wheel Holy Palace to be so huge. According to the distance that the Heavenly Wheel King Snake had retreated, the Heavenly Wheel Holy Palace that was hidden under the desert was probably hundreds of thousands of feet deep.
He wondered how such a huge building had been built in the desert.
About 30 minutes later, Luo Zheng sensed a wisp of light in front of him. With the help of the light, Luo Zheng saw that they had reached the end of the hall. At the exit at the bottom of the hall, there was a thick round pillar extending out.
Around the circular pillar, there was another world …
Rays of different colors were like strands of noodle, circling above, below, left, and right like a spider web.
"This is … the passage of time?" Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
When Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao saw this scene, their faces flashed with a strange look. Obviously, they were shocked by this scene.
They had entered the world of the imperial jade seal through the passage of time, so they obviously recognized the rays of light.
"Those worms …" Luo Zheng's eyes focused slightly.
Black worms were crawling on the strands of noodle like rays of light.
When Luo Zheng had entered the passage of time, he had watched as the two True Gods were swallowed by the worms. The black worm had even drilled out of the passage of time, wanting to drag Luo Zheng back. In the end, Luo Zheng had cut off the pair of pincers, and the black worm had no choice but to retreat.
"What is the relationship between these worms and the huge light rotifers?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows knitted slightly.
To Luo Zheng and these Perfect True Gods, creating a space was not a rare thing. Their dantian had a complete space, and the world within it was probably more complete than the world in the imperial jade seal.
However, in a normal space, time moved forward in a straight line. Even the controller of this world could only allow time to move forward, and could not reverse the world back to the past.
Now, it seemed that the world created by the imperial jade seal had a great connection with this world. That was why it was able to open the passage of time …
After the Heavenly Wheel King Snake's body coiled around the huge pillar, it finally stopped!
"Hiss —"
It stuck out its tongue, raised its huge snake head, and started to circle around the pillar. It actually wanted to throw Luo Zheng and the others out.
The pillar was surrounded by a void, and on the noodle like light rays, there were many black worms. If Luo Zheng and the others really fell into it, they would probably be stretched like noodles and eaten by those worms!
Luo Zheng, Fang Henshao, and Mu Xuerong all realized the danger. They did not lower their guard, and tightly held onto the hilts of their swords …
However, under the constant swinging, Luo Zheng gradually felt that something was wrong. The Da Qian Heavy Sword, which was originally deeply in the snake's head, was now slipping out inch by inch. If it slid to a certain limit, he was afraid that he would be thrown out along with his sword!
The Heavenly Wheel King Snake probably also realized this, and it swung its head even faster.
After swinging its head six or seven times, the snake's head suddenly swung downwards!
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng's Da Qian Heavy Sword slid out.
Almost at the same time, Mu Xuerong's short sword was also thrown out. She and Luo Zheng were thrown down together!
However, Mu Xuerong seemed to have been prepared for this. While she was in the air, she took out a chain from her spatial ring. The end of the chain was connected to the scimitar in her hand. Then, she suddenly threw the chain upwards. After circling around the huge pillar, the chain once more deeply embedded itself into the Heavenly Wheel King Snake's body, and her entire body swung upwards.
As Mu Xuerong swung back and forth, she passed by Luo Zheng. Her beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng not too far away, and her face revealed a mocking expression. "Go die …" She faintly smiled.
Looking at Luo Zheng, who was undoubtedly going to die, Mu Xuerong felt an inexplicable sense of security in her heart.
But then, she saw Luo Zheng fall 30 or 40 feet. His hand suddenly flashed with a silver light, and then a great silver sword appeared beneath his feet!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng also remembered the "Strike Air Ring" in his hand.
His feet suddenly stepped on the hilt of the great silver sword, and an extremely powerful force erupted. His entire body shot upwards, and with a leap, he jumped onto the back of the Heavenly Wheel King Snake.
At the same time, the great silver sword transformed from the "Strike Air Ring" turned into a silver stream of light. It flew towards the void, and quickly shot into the noodle like light.
The moment the great silver sword shot into the light, it also turned into a silver light, and quickly flowed along with the light.
There was a black insect resting on one of the light lines. Unable to dodge in time, it was directly pushed by the silver light, and the insect was directly obliterated!
"What a tough life!"
Mu Xuerong had never imagined that Luo Zheng would use this method to return to the back of the Heavenly Wheel King Snake.
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to completely stabilize himself, she retracted the chain that was wrapped around the beam and the snake's body. Then, she stepped on the scimitar that was connected to the chain into the Heavenly Wheel King Snake's body. This way, she could ensure that she would not fall down. Then, she pulled the chain and turned into a red light, and rushed towards Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng was not to be outdone. The Great Thousand Heavy Sword in his hand lightly flipped, and the two began to fight again on the back of the Heavenly Wheel King Snake.

Chapter 1959
"Hold on for a while!"
Mu Xuerong said without even turning her head. She pulled the chain towards Luo Zheng, step by step.
However, the Sky Wheel King Snake's head was shaking violently. Luo Zheng and Mu Xuerong's back were relatively stable.
Luo Zheng kept sliding backwards on the Sky Wheel King Snake's smooth back, the Great Chiliocosm Heavy Sword in front of his chest. Facing Mu Xuerong's fierce attacks, he kept retreating. It was obvious that Mu Xuerong would not be able to take him down in a short time.
However, Fang Henshao, who was clinging to the snake's head, was in imminent danger. He was hanging from the long sword and could be thrown down at any time …
Just then, a few Great Perfection Real Gods appeared at the entrance of the pillar.
These Perfection True Gods were also aiming for the imperial jade seal. Now that they had entered the Sky Wheel Temple with great difficulty, how could they give up?
However, the Sky Wheel King Snake's retreating speed was too fast. Naturally, they could not keep up.
Fortunately, although the temple was huge, there was only one path. They only needed to chase it down.
"Young Master Fang!"
Tang Wan had just entered and saw this scene. Her bell-like eyes opened wide. "Don't worry, I'll save you!"
These Perfect Real Gods might not be able to use Divine Way, but they naturally had many magic treasures with them. Tang Wan patted her wrist lightly and a dark red crossbow appeared next to her. Behind the crossbow, there was a huge capstan. In the capstan, there were circles of pure gold ropes.
He grabbed a section of the rope and threw the dark-red crossbow towards the bottom of the pillar. After the red crossbow fell, it was pulled by the red-gold rope and swung back up from the other side of the pillar like a pendulum.
Tang Wan jumped up and caught the crossbow. She tied a dead knot on the golden rope and knelt on the ground with one knee, aiming at the Sky Wheel King Snake's head.
"Pu!"
A crossbow arrow flashing with red light shot towards the Sky Wheel King Snake, dragging the golden rope.
In the Divine Realm, Great Perfection Stage cultivators were rarely equipped with weapons like crossbows and arrows. However, the Thick Earth Divine Dao that Tang Wan cultivated was rather special. Although this Divine Dao was extraordinarily powerful, it was not flexible enough. Therefore, Tang Wan always prepared various kinds of magic weapons.
This "Fury of the Fire God" was an extremely powerful primordial treasure. The crossbow arrow it shot was enough to injure a Perfection True God.
"Weng …"
The thick crossbow string was still vibrating. The crossbow arrow, which was as thick as an arm, had pierced through the Sky Wheel King Snake's jaw and came out!
"Hiss!"
The Sky Wheel King Snake lifted its huge head and hissed. But the crossbow arrow had pierced its mouth.. The Sky Wheel king snake was unable to tear the rope, so it could not continue retreating..........
Fang Henshao had been hanging on the rope for a long time, and his heart was already palpitating with fear. When he saw the taut golden rope, he leaped and grabbed it, sliding down the golden rope.
.. "......................
However, his cultivation relied on the Divine Dao that he cultivated. After entering this damnable place, he had become the weakest person.
"Damn woman, you're just watching me die." Fang Henshao's face was ashen.
As the most powerful Perfection True God in the Fang family, he had always thought highly of himself. Why would he want to lose his life here?
"Hasn't that woman always been like this?" Tang Wan grinned. "Come and help. Fix this snake here. This is the only path in the Radiance Wheel Shrine. The core that controls the imperial jade seal should be at the end of this huge pillar!"
After saying that, Tang Wan turned her head to look at the other Perfect True Gods.
Not all Perfection True Gods were on the same side as them. Some Perfection True Gods came from outside the alliance.
"If you want to improve, come and help. Whoever can control the imperial jade seal will depend on their own abilities!" Tang Wan said loudly.
Hearing Tang Wan's words, the Perfection True Gods' eyes flashed sharply. Without hesitation, they all attacked!
At the same time, Mu Ning, who entered the light screen last, rushed over.
Compared to the other Paragons, her speed was much slower. As she ran with all her might, she gasped for breath. Her gaze instantly swept past the giant snake and landed on Luo Zheng and Mu Xuerong.
"They're still fighting …"
Seeing this scene, Mu Ning was helpless.
She looked around and saw that there were black insects crawling on the five-colored light, and her expression changed several times. She had also entered this world through the time passage. Naturally, she knew what those black worms meant. Unable to resist, even a Perfection True God would be swallowed up by those black worms.
Luo Zheng and Mu Xuerong did not notice the movements on the snake's head. The battle between them was getting more and more intense.
Mu Xuerong relied on the chain to stabilize herself. She seemed to be fearless.
Luo Zheng cruised on the snake's smooth back. On one hand, he had to ensure that he did not slip down. On the other hand, he was tired of dealing with Mu Xuerong's attacks. Naturally, he was tired …
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Mu Xuerong's body circled, and the short sword slashed out more than a dozen times.
When the short sword and the Great Thousand Sword collided, sparks flew. More than a dozen holes appeared on the Great Thousand Sword, and a crack spread along the sword's body.
Luo Zheng's expression became more and more gloomy.
The Great Thousand Sword was very heavy, but Shenzi Shenzi's ability was limited. It could not be compared to a real grandmist treasure.
Mu Xuerong's smile grew wider. Her face was like a delicate flower. "Luo Xiao must have spent a lot of effort to cultivate you. I wonder if the other stowaway is as good as you? Where did that chess piece go? "
"Dong!"
Luo Zheng pressed the Great Thousand Sword with the back of the sword against the short sword, forcing Mu Xuerong back a few steps. He coldly said, "None of your business!"
"It's a pity that everything is a foregone conclusion. Let alone a mere lower True Divinity like you, even if you were to become a Saint, you wouldn't be able to reverse the situation." As she spoke, the sword in her hand trembled, and the short sword once again slashed at the middle of the Great Thousand Sword.
"Kacha!"
The cracks on the Great Thousand Sword spread again.
"Saint?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and a mocking smile appeared on his face. He shook his head and said, "Your vision is too small. There are some thoughts that you will never be able to guess!"
"What do you mean?" Mu Xuerong saw that Luo Zheng's expression didn't seem to be fake, and a puzzled look appeared on her face.
"You don't need to know." As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Great Thousand Sword swung out again. It floated in a strange arc and went straight for Mu Xuerong's neck.
Mu Xuerong sensed the direction of Luo Zheng's sword, and her figure gently floated, easily dodging Luo Zheng's attack.
But Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Suddenly, the sword turned and slashed at the chain under Mu Xuerong's feet!
"Clang!" The chain was directly cut off by Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the Skywheel King Snake's head was finally fixed to the pillar under the efforts of Tang Wan and the others.
After the snake was unable to move, it began to coil around its body!
Mu Xuerong couldn't stand steadily, and she slid down the snake's back …
"Puff!"
In a moment of desperation, she once again stabbed the short sword into the snake's body and hung it on the other side. As for Luo Zheng, he stood on the snake's back and pointed the Great Thousand Sword at Mu Xuerong. He lightly said, "There are some chess pieces that aren't so easy to remove."
As he said this, a dignified sword intent constantly emitted from the Great Thousand Sword.

Chapter 1960
After Tang Wan and the other Perfect Earthly Sovereigns secured the snake's head, Mu Ning was the first to climb up.
She never imagined that as soon as she climbed up, she would see her sister's life hanging by a thread. She could only throw herself at Luo Zheng and beg him to show mercy.
Luo Zheng stood on the snake's back, not a single ripple in his emotions.
This woman had tried to kill him time and time again. He had no reason to show mercy!
But Mu Ning throwing herself at him made Luo Zheng hesitate for a moment.
Just as he was hesitating …
Mu Xuerong pressed down on the short sword's hilt and flipped over. Her flexible body flipped in the air, and a blood-red whip swept towards Luo Zheng!
"Shua!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was wrapped in the whip and pulled down!
"Ah!"
Mu Ning's face paled as she cried out in alarm. She subconsciously pulled Luo Zheng away.
The two of them slid down, and Mu Xuerong took advantage of the momentum to pull herself up onto the snake's back.
As Mu Xuerong and Mu Ning passed each other, the two sisters' gazes met …
Mu Ning's eyes were filled with shock and fear, but Mu Xuerong's face was calm without a single ripple.
After Mu Xuerong steadied herself on the snake's back, the blood-red whip in her hand swept down once more. The whip's tip was extremely fast, and it wrapped around Mu Ning's right arm. Mu Ning tightly held onto Luo Zheng, and the two of them hung in the air.
Luo Zheng looked down at the black bugs crawling on the light, and his face was incomparably gloomy.
"Mu Ning, let go!" Mu Xuerong calmly said.
Mu Ning tightly held onto Luo Zheng. She looked up at Mu Xuerong on the snake's back and shook her head. She stubbornly said, "No!"
"Then you'll die with him," Mu Xuerong threatened, her face expressionless.
This little sister of hers had once been obedient to her, but now she had repeatedly disobeyed her. This made Mu Xuerong furious.
However, in her heart, she still loved her younger sister dearly. She had only said those words to frighten Mu Ning. It was impossible for her to let Mu Ning and Luo Zheng be buried together.
Mu Ning's round eyes blinked and she lowered her head to look at Luo Zheng. Her heart was filled with regret.
She thought that she must resolve the conflict between her sister and Luo Zheng.
She also knew that her actions were incredibly naive, but she was determined to do the same thing as Mu Xuerong. She had to do it.
He had never thought that not only would he fail to resolve the conflict, but he would also cause Luo Zheng's death. The guilt in his heart could be imagined.
At this time, a carefree smile suddenly appeared on her face. She then said to Mu Xuerong, "Okay!"
With a light flick of her right arm, she actually managed to break free from Mu Xuerong's whip!
"Mu Ning!" Mu Xuerong's expression changed greatly. She raised her blood-red whip again, but it was too late.
"Hey, hey, hey …"
At this time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to be depressed. For better or worse, you should have convinced your sister. Why did you let go without saying anything?
From this angle, he was afraid that he would no longer be able to use the "Strike Sky Ring" to borrow strength. He and Mu Ning fell towards the light!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were about to fall into the light. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he activated the last Strike Sky Ring!
"Sou!"
The Strike Sky Ring once again transformed into a giant silver sword. It drilled into the light, turning into a silver-white light that shot into the depths of the light.
At the same time, Luo Zheng and Mu Ning also fell into the beam of light. Their bodies were stretched by the power of time and transformed into another form. They turned into slender strands of noodles, and followed the silver beam of light as it shot forward.
In this passage of time, the most troublesome things were those black insects. If one encountered those black insects, there was no chance of survival.
However, the Strike Sky Ring's might was extraordinary. The Strike Sky Ring that Luo Zheng had shot out had turned into a silver light in this passage, directly crushing those black insects. Now that Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were following behind, the insects in front of them would also be crushed!
"Hu hu hu …"
In the blink of an eye, the two of them flowed into the depths of the cave.
Mu Xuerong stood on the snake's back, watching this scene in a daze.
"Pa!" A sound was heard.
The long whip in her hand fell, but she didn't seem to notice.
The Perfection Sovereigns had rushed over …
Fang Henshao was angry that Mu Xuerong didn't save them. He originally wanted to reprimand Mu Xuerong, but when he saw this scene, he only moved his mouth and didn't say anything.
Tang Wan and the others just shook their heads slightly. They were familiar with Mu Xuerong's character. She was too stubborn and didn't know how to be flexible.
In fact, they all knew in their hearts that even if they left Luo Zheng alone, he wouldn't be able to survive after leaving the Sea of Time. Now that they had finally gotten rid of Luo Zheng, they had lost their sister. This was a big loss.
"Maybe he won't die." Mu Xuerong was stunned for a while before saying, "That kid is very cunning. He shot out a Strike Sky Ring at the end. With the Strike Sky Ring opening the way, those insects will all be crushed …"
"Maybe." Tang Wan pointed ahead. A few Perfection Sovereigns had already run away on the snake's back.
After the Sky Wheel King Snake's head was fixed, its body was still squirming. However, if they paid a little attention, it was no longer a big threat.
Mu Xuerong looked at the Perfection Sovereigns who had rushed to the front and snorted coldly. She grabbed the chain that Luo Zheng had cut off and pulled out the curved sword from the snake's body. Then, she rushed into the depths of the cave …
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning shuttled back and forth in the light at an even faster speed.
Although they couldn't move in the light, Luo Zheng and Mu Ning could see their surroundings. Naturally, they could see countless black insects living in the other light. Fortunately, these black insects were not in the same light as them. Even if they noticed Mu Ning and Luo Zheng, they didn't crawl over from the light they belonged to to to chase after them.
"I just hope that the Strike Sky Ring's silver light doesn't disappear too early," Luo Zheng thought in his heart.
This Strike Air Ring was a one-time use Magic Weapon. If the silver light dissipated after traveling for a while, he and Mu Ning would have to directly face those black insects. At that time, it would be inevitable that they would be swallowed whole.
However, Luo Zheng had activated the Strike Sky Ring in the desert. The power of the Strike Sky Ring gave Luo Zheng some confidence.
The Strike Sky Ring's silver light continued to open up a path in front of them, constantly crushing those black insects. After about the time it took to drink a cup of tea, Luo Zheng heard a "bang!"
The Strike Sky Ring's silver light turned back into a huge silver sword and smashed into the opposite wall, making an explosive sound!
Then, Luo Zheng felt his body become light. His elongated body began to shrink rapidly and recover. He was suddenly happy. He had gotten out so quickly!
"Bang!"
Then, Luo Zheng hit an incomparably solid wall.
"Ah!"
Accompanied by a shriek, Mu Ning also drilled out of the light, heavily smashing into Luo Zheng's chest.
Then, she tidied up her hair and took a few steps back with a red face. Then, she whispered, "I'm sorry. I didn't think that sister would …"
Luo Zheng just waved his hand. He didn't care about what had just happened. Then, he looked to the side and his eyebrows suddenly jumped.

Chapter 1961
Looking at the imperial jade seal, Luo Zheng's heart was beating rapidly. However, he did not take the imperial jade seal immediately. Instead, he observed it carefully.
The huge pillar in the middle of the cave extended all the way down and connected to the copper wall. It was the only way to get the imperial jade seal.
The lines on the copper wall radiated with worms carved on them.
"These lines are the space-time passageways in the surrounding void of the cave …"
Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the lines one by one. Very quickly, he discovered that one of the lines did not have any worms lying on it.
He turned around and looked at the surrounding void of the cave. He found a corresponding blue line!
"I see … these lines should be the only shortcut to enter the bottom of the cave," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
If this was the case, there should be some hints in this world that would allow the people who were trying to get the imperial jade seal to find the shortcut. Using the shortcut to enter the bottom of the cave was the correct way!
However, no matter if it was those True Perfections or Luo Zheng, they did not have the patience to search. Instead, they directly barged into the Sky Wheel Temple.
As for Luo Zheng, he used the "Striking Air Ring" to forcefully take a shortcut!
"It seems that it will not be easy for Mu Xuerong and the rest to pass through this huge pillar to reach the bottom." Luo Zheng glanced at the pillar.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed …
A group of True Perfections fixed the Sky Wheel King Snake on the pillar. They stepped on the huge snake's body, which stretched for tens of miles, and advanced.
When it came to the tail of the serpent, a Great Perfection Stage cultivator was accidentally swept off the pillar by the serpent's tail. He fell into a beam of light, where he was shredded and devoured by the black bugs.
As they continued to advance on the pillar, they encountered continuous attacks. Even though they were True Perfections, they would die if they were not careful. Hence, their advancing speed was unusually slow …
After Luo Zheng made this deduction, he confirmed that the path he was taking should be the necessary step to get the imperial jade seal. At this point, there should not be any other dangers.
Then, he carefully approached the imperial jade seal and extended his hand toward it.
Mu Ning sat behind Luo Zheng and stared blankly at Luo Zheng's back.
According to Mu Ning's position, according to her previous personality, in the face of such an important Imperial Jade Seal, she would definitely snatch it away.
However, her experience in the Imperial Jade Seal caused her to have strong doubts about her own value.
Especially his sister's behavior just now …
Mu Xuerong was a genius of the Mu family. Her every action was for the sake of the Mu family. As long as she could achieve her goal, she would do anything.
Even if she was her elder sister's biological younger sister, she could still sacrifice herself!
If nothing unexpected happened, she would also walk the same path as her sister.
From the "True Killing Hall" of the Mu family's floating island, he received the teachings of the most outstanding True God of the Mu family and stood out from the other children of the Mu family. Every word and every action he took had strict requirements.
She would become a True God and complete her cultivation. Then, she would fight for a huge amount of points for the Mu Family, allowing the entire Wealthy Family to reach a higher level …
Her elder sister had already walked this path. Did she have to walk it again?
Mu Ning suddenly felt that all of this was dull and dull. Once she saw through this mechanical and repetitive pursuit, it rapidly devalued in her eyes. Her once firm values were like a collapsing mountain, collapsing with a loud bang. What replaced it was a relaxed feeling of doing as she pleased.
At this moment, her state of mind was incomparably free and easy. Seeing Luo Zheng slowly approach the Imperial Jade Seal, she warned him, "Be careful …"
Hearing Mu Ning's warning, Luo Zheng nodded his head.
The moment Luo Zheng's finger touched the Imperial Jade Seal, it was as if he had been electrocuted. He retracted his hand!
"What's wrong?" Mu Ning asked nervously.
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the Imperial Jade Seal. His face was deathly pale. He was so nervous that he couldn't help but gasp for breath. After a while, he said, "How strange, this Imperial Jade Seal …"
The moment Luo Zheng touched the Imperial Jade Seal, he saw countless giant insects!
The reason he used the word 'countless' to describe it was because the number of giant insects was so great that it made Luo Zheng feel fear!
Luo Zheng had ridden the eagle over the sea of insects in this world twice. The giant insects in the sea of insects had left a deep impression on him and Mu Ning. They had never been able to figure out how so many giant insects had survived. What did they feed on …
The number of giant insects in the sea of insects was unimaginably large. They were tightly packed together, and each one was over a hundred miles long. They were entangled together in an incomprehensible manner. Just looking at them would make one's scalp tingle.
But the moment Luo Zheng touched the Imperial Jade Seal, he felt as if he had entered the mind of every giant insect.
Moreover, he discovered that the number of giant insects far exceeded his expectations.
In the center of the sea of insects, there was a circular abyss. On the other side of the abyss was an even wider space.
In Luo Zheng's mind, that space bloomed with various colored lines. The range of these lines was so large that Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine. Perhaps the entire Realm of the Gods wasn't as large as this …
And on top of these colorful lines, there were countless giant insects crawling.
Giant insects with black bodies, over a hundred miles long …
Giant insects with purplish black bodies, over a thousand miles long …
And giant insects with purplish gold bodies were tens of thousands of miles long, or even millions of miles long.
What was even more frightening was that even the largest purplish gold giant insects were counted in the billions. These insects were practically all over the light!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was frightened, so he decisively let go of the Imperial Jade Seal.
"Rumble … rumble … rumble!"
At this time, several violent rumbling sounds were transmitted. The violent vibrations traveled along the pillar to Luo Zheng and Mu Ning's feet.
Mu Ning's face revealed a panicked expression. "My sister and the others … are rushing over."
Luo Zheng glanced into the distance. Some black shadows were fiercely fighting with those Perfect Sovereigns. Luo Zheng could faintly see that in the hands of those black shadows, there seemed to be colorful sabers condensed from time fragments …
Luo Zheng nodded, his face flashing with unswerving determination. He had no choice but to fuse with the Imperial Jade Seal as soon as possible.
Clenching his teeth, Luo Zheng once again grabbed the Imperial Jade Seal, then sat down cross-legged with his eyes closed.
"Boom!"
In an instant, Luo Zheng felt his consciousness being sucked in.
At this moment, he could feel the consciousness of those giant insects.
The countless giant insects only transmitted one thought to Luo Zheng, and that was "hunger" …
Perhaps affected by the consciousness of those giant insects, even Luo Zheng had a feeling of hunger. In fact, Luo Zheng didn't need to eat now.
Luo Zheng's consciousness constantly drifted between the giant insects' consciousnesses. Soon, he noticed that in the vast world of light that terrified Luo Zheng, in the center of the world of light, Luo Zheng found a slightly smaller giant insect.
This giant insect was only a few dozen kilometers in size. Its brown body was inlaid with faint golden scales. The place where it was located, under the constant interweaving of the light, formed a circular light wheel. It was lying in the center of this light wheel.
After noticing that this giant golden insect was different, Luo Zheng's consciousness invaded it in an instant.
After passing through the Imperial Jade Seal, Luo Zheng's consciousness was almost unhindered. The giant insect with golden scales accepted Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng immediately understood the information of this giant insect.
In addition to hunger, Luo Zheng finally obtained other information and instantly understood what these giant insects ate to survive …
… …
… …
"Rumble, rumble …"
"The weakness of these shadows is the eyeball in the center of their bodies!"
Several wounds appeared on Mu Xuerong's snow-white thighs. The blades in the hands of these shadows were condensed from fragments of time. The time cracks contained within the fragments were nearly unstoppable. When these Perfection Paragons were slashed by these blades, they bled profusely.
It wasn't just her. Tang Wan and Young Master Fang Hen were also in a very sorry state. They had forced their way here, so they were more or less injured.
"We're almost at the bottom of this pillar. Everyone, hold on!" Mu Xuerong loudly said. As her voice sounded, she gently waved her slender finger, and a small blood bird condensed in her hand. Immediately, it turned into a thin ray of blood light, and rushed towards one of the figures.
Along the way, the Perfection Paragons had taken out many magic treasures in order to kill their way here.

Chapter 1962
Kacha!
A black pearl in the center of the shadow was pierced through by the little blood-colored bird. After the pearl shattered, the shadow also quickly dissipated.
Whoosh!
The little blood-colored bird circled around and returned to Mu Xuerong's hand.
She smiled, but as several shadows flashed past, Mu Xuerong's expression changed. "Sneaking away?"
It turned out that the number of shadows was decreasing. Some of the Perfection True Gods couldn't wait any longer and rushed ahead!
With a tap of her foot, Mu Xuerong also turned into a beam of red light and shot towards the pillar!
As she went deeper and deeper, a bronze wall appeared in front of her. At the same time, Mu Xuerong saw Mu Ning and Luo Zheng below the bronze wall!
"Mu Ning!"
Mu Xuerong's face revealed a trace of joy.
After all, Mu Ning was her sister. Seeing Mu Ning safe and sound, she was naturally happy.
But as she looked around, her gaze fell on Luo Zheng. At the same time, she noticed the imperial jade seal in Luo Zheng's hand, and her pupils shrank.
"Imperial jade seal!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was sitting on the ground with his eyes closed. Clearly, he was refining the imperial jade seal.
The other Perfection True Gods had the same expression as Mu Ning. After seeing the imperial jade seal, their eyes revealed a rich greed.
For this imperial jade seal, they had been busy in the Sea of Time for so long and had even entered the space of the imperial jade seal to search for it. Now that the imperial jade seal was right in front of them, who wouldn't be moved?
Whoosh!
Mu Ning pulled out two short swords and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. Her round eyes were full of sharpness. Facing several Perfection True Gods, she didn't retreat at all!
"Yo, this chick from the Mu family is actually helping an outsider. How rare." A Perfect Real God's face revealed a mocking smile as he looked at Mu Xuerong, who was beside him.
Mu Xuerong's expression was very ugly. Since encountering Luo Zheng, her sister's behavior had been very unnatural. She didn't know what had happened to her, but now, she was blocking in front of Luo Zheng. This made her feel that Mu Ning was very unfamiliar.
"What do you want?" Mu Xuerong shouted.
One of Mu Ning's short swords was held forward while the other was held backward. She was like a praying mantis that was ready to attack at any moment.
The sword techniques she cultivated, the martial skills she cultivated, and the Divine Dao she cultivated were all inherited from Mu Xuerong.
When Mu Xuerong saw her younger sister's actions, she only felt that they were incomparably childish. She shook her head and said, "Mu Ning, step aside. You shouldn't be involved in these matters."
"I …"
Mu Ning's voice trembled slightly.
She wasn't afraid of these Great Perfection Stage beings. It was just that she wasn't used to disobeying this domineering older sister of hers. Thus, she was so agitated that she couldn't control herself.
Mu Ning forced herself to calm down and said with difficulty, "I don't need elder sister to tell me what to do!"
"You!" Mu Xuerong's eyes flashed with a trace of anger. It was hard for her to imagine that Mu Ning would say such words to her face. For a moment, she found it hard to accept.
"No matter what your sister does, don't blame me for being impolite if you don't get out of the way," one of the Great Perfection stage cultivators said with a strange smile. The silver hook in his hand flashed with a silver light, and he was about to pounce on Mu Ning.
These Great Perfection Stage beings' goal was the imperial jade seal. Whoever stood in their way would be eliminated.
Not to mention Mu Ning was a mere lower True God, even if Mu Ning was a Great Perfection Stage cultivator, they wouldn't show any mercy.
"No!"
"Dang!"
Mu Xuerong waved her short sword and blocked the Great Perfection Stage cultivator.
"Mu Xuerong, control your younger sister. Don't find trouble with me." The Great Perfection Stage True God was obviously very dissatisfied with being entangled by Mu Xuerong. He waved the silver hook in his hand and said.
Mu Xuerong couldn't watch her younger sister be killed without doing anything. How could she allow this Great Perfection Stage cultivator to attack?
But she could only entangle one Great Perfection Stage cultivator. The other Great Perfection Stage cultivators took the opportunity to rush over!
"Whoosh!"
"Huff, huff …"
"Swish!"
A long sword, a golden hammer, and a large blade. All of them were top-grade grandmist artifacts.
These three Great Perfection Stage True Gods attacked Mu Ning at the same time and tore her to shreds. There was no suspense!
Mu Ning raised the two swords in her hands, wanting to block the attacks of the three Great Perfection Stage cultivators. Although she understood that it was all futile, an inexplicable surge of courage welled up in her heart. It was this courage that supported her in front of Luo Zheng.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding …"
Mu Xuerong unleashed a series of ferocious attacks, forcing back the great perfection cultivator who used the silver hook. As he turned his head and saw what was happening, his complexion changed. But, it was too late for him to save his little sister. He could only clench his teeth and threaten, "You …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes.
He saw that Mu Ning had helped him block the attacks of the three Great Perfection Stage True Gods, but his expression didn't change at all.
"Pu! Pu! Pu! "
These three Great Perfection Stage cultivators had all nine stars in their bodies. Even if they couldn't use their divine dao, their attacks couldn't be ignored!
Mu Ning's resistance was like an egg hitting a rock!
"Ding, ding …"
With two crisp sounds, the two short swords in Mu Ning's hands broke in an instant. At the same time, the broadsword and long sword cut into Mu Ning's body. Then, a heavy hammer smashed into Mu Ning's body.
Mu Ning's body, which was full of vitality, was in a tragic state in an instant.
"Sister!"
Not far away, Mu Xuerong stretched out her hand in vain, her eyes wide open.
Although she had cultivated to the Great Perfection Stage, she still had feelings for her younger sister, Mu Ning.
If it was for the greater good, she could choose to sacrifice Mu Ning's life, or even her own life. But seeing Mu Ning being killed in front of her eyes was hard to accept. Her eyes were full of sorrow.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes and saw this scene, he was very calm.
He held the jade seal in his hand and gently turned it. A thought escaped into the jade seal …
Under his command, all the giant insects in the desert, the canyon, and the sea of insects began to stir. They began to frantically search for food.
But there was no food in this world that they needed, so these giant insects could only be anxious.
But following the cave at the bottom of the sea of insects, all the giant insects in the vast space, which were originally motionless like statues, began to surge. They began to crazily devour the light in the entire world!
"Devour for a breath of time, enough …" Luo Zheng's thought was transmitted to the minds of countless giant insects.
When this thought was transmitted …
Strange things were discovered in various places in the Divine Realm.
A True Divinity had just killed a vicious creature, but in the blink of an eye, that vicious creature had recovered to a state where it was unscathed.
In an arena, a Proof of Divinity martial artist had used his strongest move. He had clearly beaten his opponent to the point of vomiting blood, but in the blink of an eye, all the blood had disappeared!
In a restaurant, someone had swallowed a dish in one breath, leaving a lingering fragrance in his mouth. But in the blink of an eye, that dish had not been touched …
…
…
Such strange occurrences were happening in almost every aspect of the God's Domain. Even Saints were not spared from such occurrences.
The premise was that these things had happened in the instant Mu Ning was killed.
And Mu Ning, who had been killed, appeared in her original place, untouched. There was not the slightest wound on her body …
The three Paragons gripped their weapons and looked at each other.
Mu Xuerong's eyes widened. This scene was completely beyond her scope of understanding.
Mu Ning looked at herself in a daze. She did not know what had happened. Just now, she could feel those cold weapons cutting into her body. Why had she recovered to her original state in the blink of an eye?
Could it be time reversal?
Mu Ning quickly rejected this idea.

Chapter 1963
The moment Luo Zheng controlled those giant worms to erase that bit of time …
Outside the forbidden area of the Sea of Time, Dongfang Chunjun's figure turned sideways. His figure blurred slightly in front of him …
The female patriarch of the Blind Tribe also bowed slightly, as if she had avoided something.
The expressions of the other Sages and Quasi-Sages changed greatly.
"There seems to be something wrong with the time in the Realm of the Gods?" Leng Yao asked with a frown.
Tang Lun nodded. For the first time, he was somewhat silent …
The flow of time in the imperial jade seal was different from the outside world. Although nearly 20 days had passed since the Great Perfections and Luo Zheng had entered the imperial jade seal, the transit in the Sea of Time had not ended.
"A breath's time was stolen." Dongfang Chunjun's eyes were full of caution. His gaze was still focused on the imperial jade seal through the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. Fei …
"It seems that someone has obtained the imperial jade seal. Is this the ability of the imperial jade seal?" a Sage asked.
The female patriarch remained silent and did not speak.
They could not see through the interior of the imperial jade seal. Naturally, they did not know the situation inside.
Since someone had controlled the imperial jade seal, the result would be revealed soon …
…
At the bottom of the cave …
Luo Zheng stood in place. A hint of surprise appeared on his indifferent face.
Through the imperial jade seal, he felt that time had a new definition for him.
If the time in the Realm of the Gods was described as a book, then every breath's time was a page of the book.
Everyone felt the passage of time as if an invisible hand was constantly flipping through the pages of the book. Page after page, breath after breath, incense after incense, day after day, month after month, year after year, divine epoch after divine epoch. The pages were constantly flipping at a constant speed towards the future.
Those giant worms were the worms lying on the pages of the book.
From the scale of time, every page of the book was a complete but static Realm of the Gods.
Just now, Luo Zheng had used those worms to eat up this static Realm of the Gods.
They were like a group of greedy silkworms. In the blink of an eye, they had devoured a mulberry leaf cleanly. In other words, they had torn off a page of the book …
It was the page where Mu Ning had been killed!
This page contained the "reason" for Mu Ning's death, which was that she had been torn apart by the weapons of the three Paragons.
After this' cause 'was born, Mu Ning would die. This was the' effect '.
However, after Luo Zheng tore off that page, he also tore off the 'cause' that was recorded on that page. Therefore, the 'effect' no longer existed. Therefore, everyone could see that Mu Ning was not dead!
"You … what did you just do?" Mu Xuerong stared at Luo Zheng.
She naturally realized that the reason for the other effects must be because of the Imperial Jade Seal.
But Mu Xuerong was no saint.
The Sages were more sensitive to time. After they constructed the universe, they would compare the flow of time at different times. Therefore, Luo Zheng only used the giant worm to tear apart the time of a breath, but the Sages quickly noticed that a small piece of time had disappeared.
Mu Xuerong and the other Paragons could not sense this. The scene in front of them was beyond common sense. It made them feel incredulous and beyond common sense …
"It's nothing. I just tore off a page of the book," Luo Zheng said to Mu Xuerong with a smile.
Mu Xuerong said with a sullen face, "What nonsense are you talking about!"
"Acting all mysterious. I don't believe that I can't kill you!"
"It's just the ability of the Imperial Jade Seal. Kill him and snatch it!"
The Paragons became restless again.
Luo Zheng held the Imperial Jade Seal and smiled. "I forgot to say. With this Imperial Jade Seal, you can control this space-time. You … can you really kill me?" After saying this, Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the back of Mu Ning's collar, gently pulling her back.
Mu Ning was still in a daze when she was pulled into the copper wall by Luo Zheng.
The complex patterns on the surface of the copper wall flashed, and the two disappeared in front of the Paragons' eyes, leaving Mu Xuerong and the other Paragons looking at each other.
"Damn, something strange just happened. I killed that ghost shadow, but he inexplicably recovered and even slashed me!" Tang Wan rushed over with a big knife and said with a grimace.
There was a deep wound on his chest, so deep that his bones could be seen, and blood was flowing out.
Seeing the blank expressions of Mu Xuerong and the others, Tang Wan was even more baffled. "Where is he? That kid surnamed Luo, wasn't he blocked by you … "
…
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The moment Luo Zheng and Mu Ning disappeared, they appeared outside the Temple of Sky Wheel. He grabbed Mu Ning and floated high in the sky, overlooking the world.
The space-time in the Imperial Jade Seal could be considered an independent space.
It was different from the universe. The universe was built by the saints, and it was integrated with their own efforts and understanding. It was also attached to the Divine Territory, so the Divine Path could be used in the universe.
But it could not be used here.
If one had to describe it, this was an independent time entrance, and the entrance was in the middle of the insect sea.
In the blink of an eye, Mu Ning was ten thousand feet high in the sky. The Temple of Sky Wheel below had become a small dot. She was shocked, and her waist subconsciously twisted and slid down. In a hurry, she grabbed Luo Zheng's hand.
Luo Zheng took her into his arms and looked down. The natives were still kneeling in the same place …
These natives knew that they had offended the Sky Wheel Serpent King, and they were afraid that they would attract the wrath of the Sky Wheel Serpent King. If the Sky Wheel Insects in the insect sea were released, whether it was the Eagle Clan, the Black Bird Clan, or the Roc Clan, they would be in danger of being exterminated.
However, they had no choice but to kneel in the same place and pray for the forgiveness of the Sky Wheel Serpent King. After all, these outsiders were not on the same side as them.
"Let's go down," Luo Zheng said faintly.
Mu Ning did not respond to Luo Zheng. Being held by Luo Zheng like this, all the muscles in her body stiffened, and a faint blush appeared on her face. Her eyes drifted away, and her cheeks and ears were already boiling hot.
"Hu hu …"
The rapid descent set off a burst of cool wind, which calmed her down a little. It was not until she stood on the desert that she struggled out of Luo Zheng's arms. Her heart was still beating like a deer, and it could not be calmed down for a long time.
When the natives saw Luo Zheng descending from the sky, their eyes widened, and their faces were full of disbelief.
"Big sister!"
When the little boy saw Mu Ning, he trotted over and threw himself into her arms.
These children were almost eaten by the Sky Wheel Serpent King, but because the Perfect True God intervened in time, they were spared.
However, it was precisely because of this failed offering that all the natives were rather uneasy.
A Great Tribal Chief of the Eagle Tribe came forward and asked anxiously, "What happened to the Sky Wheel Serpent King …"
If the Sky Wheel Serpent King had been killed by this group of outsiders, then it would have been fine. But now, only Luo Zheng and Mu Ning had slipped out, so they thought that the Sky Wheel Serpent King had eaten all the Perfect True Gods. If this was true, then the fate of their three tribes would be incomparably miserable.
Of course, the Sky Wheel Serpent King would not kill all their tribesmen. If it did, it would lose the food that the three tribes worshipped.
"In the future, you don't need to worship that serpent anymore," Luo Zheng replied.
"What!" The Great Tribal Chief was shocked.
The others also looked at each other in dismay. They found it difficult to understand Luo Zheng's words.
The Sky Wheel Serpent King had been subdued by the Perfect True Gods. Luo Zheng did not know whether they had killed it or not …
But Luo Zheng also understood that the Sky Wheel Serpent King was relying on the imperial jade seal in his hand to drive those strange insects out of the sea of insects to cause trouble. The Sky Wheel Serpent King was only guarding the imperial jade seal in this temple.
Now that the imperial jade seal had fallen into Luo Zheng's hands, the Sky Wheel Serpent King's existence had lost its meaning. Naturally, there was no need to worship that big serpent.
"I, I still don't understand," the Great Tribal Chief stammered.

Chapter 1964
"What!"
"The Skywheel Serpent King is dead?"
"Heavens …"
Whether it was the Eagle Race, the Peng Race, the Yang Race, or the Black Bird Race, all of them were shocked by Luo Zheng's words.
That damned serpent was the nightmare of these three races!
The reason for the deep conflict between these three races was ultimately because of the Skywheel Serpent King.
At the start, the Black Bird Race, the Peng Race, the Yang Race, and the Eagle Race didn't have much of a conflict.
But every so often, their children had to be sacrificed to the Skywheel Serpent King. No race could accept such a thing.
Thus, these races began to snatch each other's children to be sacrificed to the Skywheel Serpent King. Gradually, fierce conflicts arose between the three races, transforming into irreconcilable hatred.
If the Skywheel Serpent King was truly dead, this hatred would not disappear so quickly, but would slowly fade away with the passage of time.
One could say that the Skywheel Serpent King was the source of the hatred between the three races.
"Are you telling the truth?" the Great Tribal Chief asked.
This was only Luo Zheng's side of the story, and the Great Tribal Chief found it hard to believe.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Taking the imperial jade seal in his hand, he poured a thought into it and pointed to a nearby place. "Look over there …"
The Great Tribal Chief and the others looked over with strange gazes.
The place Luo Zheng was pointing at was nothing but a desert.
Just as they were wondering what was going on, they heard rustling sounds coming from the ground. A small sand dune rose up in the desert as if something was about to break through the earth.
"Something's about to come out!"
"Could it be a Skywheel Insect?"
"That's impossible. Insects in the desert don't appear during the day …"
These people stared at the small sand dune.
"Yoo!"
"Chirp chirp chirp …"
"Yoo!"
But the Black Birds, Pengs, and Eagles were extremely wary as they stared at the small sand dune.
Given the keen senses of these feathered beasts, it was most likely a Skywheel Insect.
"Huala …"
Just as they had speculated, more than one hundred Skywheel Insects emerged from the desert in an instant.
But these Sky Wheel Bugs didn't attack. They just stuck a part of their body out of the sand dune and stopped moving.
The Great Tribal Chief's eyes widened as he stared at the bugs and asked, "You're saying that you're controlling those bugs?"
"Well, I will control all the Sky Wheel insects in the desert and the sea of insects." Luo Zheng said and pressed down on the Sky Wheel insects. The Sky Wheel insects that emerged from the small sand dune immediately retreated back into the desert. Then Luo Zheng said, "I don't need your worship anymore. If you want to worship me, then worship me. Hehe."
The Great Tribal Chief and everyone else had a look of disbelief on their faces. After a while, their expressions turned into ecstasy. Then, they opened their mouths and roared, "Wow!"
"Huo!"
"Huo!"
"Huo!"
All the people in front of the altar roared.
They had endured this kind of helplessness for too long. Every once in a while, they would have to give their offspring to the Sky Wheel King Snake to be eaten. For all their clansmen, this was a kind of torture, a nightmare. Now that they had suddenly gotten rid of this nightmare, how could they not be excited?
Almost every clansman's face was full of excitement. This emotion infected the eagles, Golden Pengs, and the numerous Xuan Birds, and they also began to cry out.
Mu Ning held the little boy, her eyes fixed on Luo Zheng.
Before going to the Sky Wheel Temple, she had asked Luo Zheng how to save these children.
At that time, Luo Zheng had only told her to take one step at a time. She hadn't expected that he would be able to solve these problems unknowingly …
At this time, a figure slowly moved forward among the crowd.
That person's pace was very strange. Even if he was walking close to them, he didn't attract anyone's attention. He was like a wandering ghost.
Constantly shuttling behind the crowd, he quickly approached Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
The moment he got close to Luo Zheng, that person's speed reached the extreme.
In a crawl, a transparent monk's blade appeared in his hand.
This transparent monk's blade had strands of purple lightning swimming around it. This monk's blade came from the "Heavenly Works of Hao Yue". Among the first-rate grandmist treasures in the God Realm, it was one of the top!
Although that person couldn't use the divine dao, at this moment, he fully displayed the power of the monk's blade. Combined with his own strength, he accurately and swiftly chopped at Luo Zheng's wrist. This full strength attack was almost unstoppable!
Even Luo Zheng couldn't react in time. He didn't even have time to use the concentric garment!
By the time Luo Zheng noticed this scene, the monk's blade had already chopped off Luo Zheng's hand!
"Puchi!"
In an instant, Luo Zheng's arm flew out along with the imperial jade seal.
"Ah!"
Mu Ning only had time to scream. Only then did she see clearly that the person was Han Jia's Perfection True God Han Tianxiao!
Not all Paragon True Gods would be able to find the correct path after entering this world.
Some Perfection True Gods found the Heavenly Wheel Shrine in advance. For example, the Sword Race's Perfection True God died in the desert.
Han Tianxiao also explored this time and space for a long time. After asking around, he found the Golden Roc Clan and then found clues about the Sky Wheel Temple.
But by the time he arrived, the Perfection True Gods had already entered the Heavenly Wheel Shrine.
Helpless, Han Tianxiao could only lie low.
He never thought that in the end, it would be Luo Zheng who took out the imperial jade seal from the Heavenly Wheel Shrine.
Also …
The Mu Family's little girl was actually hugging this kid, what was going on …
Seeing this confused Han Tianxiao, he decided to make a move.
Han Tianxiao had never seen Luo Zheng as a member of the Han Family. This kid was just an outsider. Whether or not he was Luo Xiao's son, Han Tianxiao couldn't accept him.
Just at the moment when Luo Zheng was the most relaxed, Han Tianxiao finally made a move, and it was a successful strike!
The moment Luo Zheng's arm was cut off, he was exceptionally calm. His body leaned back slightly, and then he immediately rushed forward at an extremely fast speed.
The moment he grabbed the imperial jade seal, Luo Zheng's thoughts were transmitted through the imperial jade seal again!
The giant worms lying on the countless rays of light began to move again … Once again, they swallowed for a breath's time.
Immediately after, Luo Zheng's figure flashed unnaturally.
The arm that was cut off was once again connected into one …
"What!" Han Tianxiao's eyes widened in an instant, staring blankly at this scene.
Luo Zheng grabbed the imperial jade seal with one hand, and at the same time, pulled Mu Ning with the other, and rushed into the sky. He hovered in the air and looked down at Han Tianxiao, his face full of awe.
He never thought that he would be ambushed by a Perfection True God, and by Han Tianxiao at that!
Luo Zheng didn't have much time to study this imperial jade seal, and he didn't know if it could recognize an owner.
If this guy really seized the imperial jade seal, he was afraid that he would lose everything.
Han Tianxiao didn't think that Luo Zheng's reaction would be so fast, and that he would have such a strange ability. His expression changed several times, and then he said, "Luo Tianxing! As a member of my Han Clan, you should give this imperial jade seal to my Han Clan! "
Hearing this, a sneer appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He stared at Han Tianxiao and said coldly, "If you thought that I would obediently hand it over, you wouldn't have ambushed me. Why do you still have to say such nonsense?"
Han Tianxiao narrowed his eyes, and then said, "If you give the imperial jade seal to me, I guarantee that the Mu Clan won't dare to touch you …"
But he was only halfway through his words when Mu Ning made a face at Han Tianxiao. "You're an idiot, so don't think that others are as idiotic as you. Making up such an idiotic reason, to think that you can even say it!"
Luo Zheng and Mu Ning both choked Han Tianxiao, and indeed, Han Tianxiao was choked speechless. The muscles in his eyes kept twitching, and he secretly lamented in his heart that it was a pity. Just now, that was an excellent opportunity, and he actually didn't grasp it …
Han Tianxiao thought for a moment, and wanted to say something, but Luo Zheng had already pulled Mu Ning away.

Chapter 1965
At the edge of this space-time …
A wide waterfall hung from the cliff like a waterfall, splashing down with a splash.
The surroundings were covered by a circle of emerald green jungle, and the edge of the cliff formed a natural semicircular terrace. The scenery was very pleasant.
Luo Zheng found this place under the guidance of Mu Ning.
Some time ago, after Mu Ning borrowed the King Eagle, the sky was high and she could fly freely, traveling to many places.
On the edge of the cliff, an ancient cypress grew diagonally.
Mu Ning sat on the trunk and took off her shoes, revealing a pair of snow-white slender legs.
She gently kicked out her legs and immersed them in the waterfall beside her. Countless crystal clear water droplets washed out from the waterfall, blooming on her well-shaped calves and insteps, as if they were decorated with a layer of pearl-like luster.
She looked at Luo Zheng sitting cross-legged on the terrace, her round eyes staring at Luo Zheng in a daze.
For a moment, she thought that it would be good to stay like this forever.
In this narrow world, there would be no more disputes.
The turbulent flow of the rich and powerful families, the scheming and fighting, everything was incomparably far away from her. She had put down the so-called defense, and her state of mind was incomparably relaxed.
Such days made her reluctant to part with them …
Once she left the world of the imperial jade seal, she was afraid that she would have to face endless troubles.
Luo Zheng separated a wisp of his soul and escaped into the imperial jade seal.
He naturally didn't know Mu Ning's thoughts.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng now needed to make sufficient preparations.
Once he left the imperial jade seal, he would return to the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, and after leaving the Sea of Time Forbidden Land, he would have to face a group of Saints.
Now that his identity had been exposed, how to escape in front of a group of Saints was the first problem he had to consider!
Previously, he was in a hurry to control the imperial jade seal and didn't have time to carefully explore it.
Those huge insects crawling on the light could devour for one to three breaths of time, which was indeed a very special ability.
But thinking about it carefully, this ability wasn't particularly strong …
At this stage, its effect on Luo Zheng was only to prevent him from suffering any harm for a short period of time.
If he used all his strength to urge those insects to devour for three breaths of time, any harm he suffered would be ineffective. Of course, it was the same for the others.
If those Upper True Gods or Perfect True Gods were to continuously attack him for more than three breaths of time, they would still be able to kill him. This was because the time that the Imperial Jade Seal could erase was less than the time that he was injured.
In other words, he tore off three pages of the Book of Time in succession, but he was still killed on the fourth page. In that case, he still couldn't escape death.
Since the imperial jade seal could control such a huge sea of insects, it should have more uses than that …
Luo Zheng was lost in thought with his eyes closed. His soul kept exploring the Imperial Jade Seal.
Previously, Luo Zheng had transformed his soul into the Imperial Jade Seal and quickly spread it out to connect with those insects.
This time, Luo Zheng tried to understand the inside of the imperial jade seal.
Soon, he discovered that there seemed to be a small film of light in the center of the imperial jade seal.
"Charge!"
With a thought, Luo Zheng's wisp of soul slammed into the light barrier.
"Dong …"
After slamming into the light barrier, the soul attack was blocked easily.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng changed his method. With the continuous entanglement of his soul, it turned into a sharp awl and shot toward the light barrier again!
"Puff …"
The light barrier was instantly broken.
After opening the layer of light barrier, Luo Zheng discovered three extremely bright spots on the side of the light barrier. Each of the bright spots contained a very special symbol.
The imperial jade seal was originally very small, and the symbols were even smaller, like dust.
After immersing his soul into the bright spots and merging with them, Luo Zheng suddenly had a new feeling.
"Those black spears … They are actually called Spears of Time."
Suddenly, there was a layer of light barrier surrounding the Temple of Sky Wheel in the middle of the desert. Then, all the black spears on the light barrier were revealed.
Following Luo Zheng's thoughts, all the black spears stood up in an instant!
The layer of light barrier looked like a huge round hedgehog!
Han Tianxiao was unable to track Luo Zheng and could only continue to search around the temple. For a moment, he could not find a chance to enter the Temple of Sky Wheel.
When he went around the altar, he suddenly saw a screen of light appear. Black spears were placed vertically in front of each other, and he was immediately startled.
Han Tianxiao had heard of the power of these black spears.
Because he had been to the Roc Clan.
Han Tianxiao was unable to learn the Roc Clan's language in a short period of time. While he was troubled, he found the heavily injured Dongfang Taiqing.
Dongfang Taiqing's strength was unfathomable among the Perfection Paragons. Even Mu Xuerong was wary of him. Who would have thought that he would be injured in this world? Han Tianxiao was shocked.
He saw that the flesh on Dongfang Taiqing's chest was already rotten, showing a grayish-white color. It was as if the wound had been rotten for countless years. This kind of injury was indeed very strange. Even repairing it was very troublesome.
After asking Dongfang Taiqing, he found out that he was injured by an extremely powerful black spear.
However, when he arrived at the Temple of Sky Wheel, he did not see the black spears. Because the Sky Wheel King Snake had already left, the layer of light barrier was also hidden.
He did not expect that at this moment, they would suddenly appear, and there were actually so many of them!
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth slightly curved. He turned his head again, and one of the black spears began to continuously adjust its angle.
Han Tianxiao was still a bit puzzled. Frowning, his gaze followed the black spear.
In the instant that the black spear was aimed at Laughing in Heaven, it actually shot towards him!
"Xiu!"
"Fuck!"
Seeing the black spear shoot towards him, Han Tianxiao was shocked and hurriedly dodged to the side.
That black spear flew past his body, grazing the brocade robe he was wearing. By the time he crawled up, this brocade robe made of cloud gold thread had already turned to dust …
The spear itself did not have much power.
However, after being hit by the spear, the flow of time instantly underwent the baptism of endless years. This brocade robe could not withstand it and was naturally corroded by time.
"Pu!"
The black spear finally shot into a wall. That wall was instantly covered with cracks and then turned to dust …
Dust to dust, dust to dust. Under the corrosion of time, everything turned to dust.
Seeing this scene, Han Tianxiao's back was also filled with chills.
In theory, the lifespan of a true god was unlimited …
Because the body would not decay with the passage of time, that is to say, the body's metabolism was enough to offset the passage of time. When the two were in balance, a true god could live forever.
However, in an instant, experiencing endless years at such a fast speed, who could withstand it?
No wonder Dongfang Taiqing suffered such a serious injury after being hit by the spear …
It seems that Dongfang Taiqing limited the influence of the spear to a small area. If not, Dongfang Taiqing would not have been able to withstand it.
Just as Han Tianxiao was thinking about this problem, he saw the black spears hanging on the light screen move. They began to continuously adjust their direction and began to aim at him.
"What the hell …"
After cursing, he clenched his teeth and began to madly run towards the desert.
On the other side of this world, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face.

Chapter 1966
After fusing with the symbols in the Imperial Jade Seal, Luo Zheng's control over the space-time in the Imperial Jade Seal increased to another level. It was almost equivalent to controlling his own internal world!
At the same time, he discovered that there was a crimson light film in the depths of the Imperial Jade Seal.
On the surface of the light film, there was a small pattern of a black scorpion. Through this translucent crimson light film, Luo Zheng could see that there was a light spot floating inside.
He tried to use his soul to attack this light film. After several attempts, he was unable to break through it. He could only choose to give up …
With his current control over the Imperial Jade Seal, he might not be able to kill those Perfect True Gods, but they would not be able to leave.
The freedom of these Perfect True Gods would become his bargaining chip to safely leave the Sea of Time.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's gaze swept over Mu Ning, who was on the tree trunk. Seeing her pair of slender white legs that were somewhat dazzling to the eye, a trace of restlessness came from his heart.
Mu Ning also noticed Luo Zheng's gaze. She smiled slightly, stretched out her hand, and gently pressed on the tree trunk. Holding her shoes, she jumped up and stood barefoot on the semicircular platform where Luo Zheng was standing. At the same time, a handful of brilliant water droplets splashed towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the series of water droplets, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly. All the water droplets suspended in the air, then gathered together in a spiral shape, turning into a small water knife that he held in his hand.
Seeing this scene, Mu Ning's eyebrows twitched slightly.
This kind of ability could only be completed in his own internal world. It seemed that Luo Zheng's control of space-time was very high through the Imperial Jade Seal.
"We're leaving," Luo Zheng said.
Although the flow of time in this world was much faster than in the Divine Realm, if they stayed for too long, the transit sun would pass.
At that time, the Sea of Time forbidden area would close, and they would have to wait for the next transit sun forbidden area to open. That would probably be eight years later …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Ning's heart jumped slightly, and she was silent for a while.
She took off her shoes and walked barefoot in front of Luo Zheng.
She was not tall, but her small body was constantly bursting with vitality. After looking up at Luo Zheng, her face was full of seriousness. "I want to ask you again. Is the hatred between our Mu and Luo families really unresolvable?"
Hearing Mu Ning's question, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. His expression then became cold. "I can let Mu Xuerong's life go, but it doesn't mean I will forgive the Mu family and Mu.."
Mu Ning probably already guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts, so she didn't show any disappointment. She only said in a lonely voice, "Then are we enemies?"
"Maybe, maybe not," Luo Zheng replied.
She opened her mouth slightly, probably wanting to say something, but Luo Zheng had already turned around and waved his hand lightly.
A five-colored halo quickly spread out. That was the passage to leave this world, and only Luo Zheng could construct it now.
. "Let's go," Luo Zheng said in a muffled voice.
Luo Zheng's position was like a boulder. It was impossible to change it in the slightest.
Even so, he was still affected by the fluctuations in his emotions. His mood was somewhat melancholic …
Luo Zheng then stepped into the halo.
Mu Ning watched as Luo Zheng disappeared. The disappointment on her beautiful face became more and more intense. Then she closed her eyes.
After a few breaths, she let out a long breath and opened her eyes. All the emotions in her eyes were swept away.
These days, her understanding of Luo Zheng had undergone a drastic change, but it did not mean that her personality would change.
She was still the same as Mu Xuerong. Once she set her goal, she would not give up. If necessary, she would do anything. She would sacrifice everything except her goal.
"Is it really unresolvable?" Mu Ning pursed her lips and murmured. Her eyes, full of vitality, were dyed with a trace of darkness. Then she jumped into the halo without hesitation.
In the space-time passageway, Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were elongated again. They kept sliding along the light.
Not long after, Luo Zheng found a black bug lying on the light again. The bug crossed several light lines and went straight to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. The black bug stopped and crawled in the opposite direction. The bug in this space-time passageway was also under Luo Zheng's control.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng felt his elongated body return to normal. Immediately, he appeared in the canyon.
The statue of the Goddess, which looked exactly like Luo Yan, still stood quietly in the middle of the canyon. Because of the battle between the Perfect Sovereigns and Shi Mi, its surface had been destroyed and mottled.
Outside the Sea of Time Forbidden Area.
The Saints had been paying attention to the small imperial jade seal.
Previously, they had felt the fluctuations produced after time was swallowed. They knew that someone had completely controlled the imperial jade seal.
The Saints were all guessing who controlled the imperial jade seal. At the same time, they were also thinking of various countermeasures.
As the halo fluctuated, all the Saints stared at the imperial jade seal. It was time to reveal the result.
When Luo Zheng appeared on the halo, almost all the Saints were taken aback. Their wise and farsighted eyes were filled with bewilderment.
"How can it be him?" Emperor Hanqing's face revealed a look of surprise. At this moment, he even suspected that he had seen wrongly.
Aunt Hanjiu's face was also full of disbelief, but her eyes could not hide the surprise.
"What about the Perfect True Gods?"
"This kid is the first to come out?"
"The first to come out might not be the one who controls the imperial jade seal."
"That's true. How can a mere lower True God compete with those Perfect Sovereigns?"
The Saints did not know what had happened in the imperial jade seal. Being the first to come out of the imperial jade seal did not mean that he had really controlled the imperial jade seal.
Under the gazes of the Saints, Mu Ning also crawled out of the halo …
After leaving the world of the imperial jade seal, the imperial jade seal in Luo Zheng's hand turned into a ball of illusory light. With a slight thought, the imperial jade seal on the ground trembled slightly, then flew into his hand and merged into one.
Luo Zheng held the imperial jade seal and lightly shook it. The bottom of the imperial jade seal disappeared and turned into a small black snake pattern floating in his palm.
Seeing this scene …
The Saints outside the forbidden area of the sea of time fell silent.
Dongfang Chunjun's face revealed a trace of light as he looked at Luo Zheng.
"How is this possible?" Even the Saints who were usually calm in all situations could not remain calm. One of the Saints was flabbergasted.
"Hahaha," Tang Lun laughed loudly and said to Emperor Hanqing, "Your Han family has produced many geniuses! This child's future is limitless. Emperor Hanqing, you seem to be very willing to give him to Big Brother Dongfang. "
When Emperor Hanqing heard this, the corners of his eyes twitched.
No one would have thought that a group of Perfect Sovereigns would fight over the imperial jade seal, and in the end, it would fall into the hands of a lower True God. This was too unexpected.
Emperor Hanqing's thoughts turned quickly.
Luo Tianxing's identity was too troublesome. Regardless of whether or not he could obtain the imperial jade seal, he could not stay in the Han family.
But Emperor Hanqing was unwilling to give the imperial jade seal to Dongfang Chunjun just like that.
"This Luo Tianxing's future is limitless," Emperor Hanqing said calmly. "It's just that his background is a bit unclear. If he really is Luo Xiao's son, then we'll see how Great Sage Chunjun is willing to deal with him. However, he obtained the imperial jade seal as a member of the Han family, so it should still belong to the Han family, right?" Emperor Hanqing looked at the nearby female leader.
On the surface, he said this to Dongfang Chunjun, but in reality, he said it to the female leader of the Blind Tribe.

Chapter 1967
Causing trouble on the Blind Tribe's island wasn't a good decision, even for a Sage.
The female tribe leader was wearing a mask so her expression couldn't be seen clearly. However, her voice came faintly, "The Blind Tribe opened the Space Festival and invited these little fellows who are fated to enter the forbidden land of the Sea of Time. It is also their own luck and ability that they can obtain the opportunity in the forbidden land of the Sea of Time! That kid can give the imperial jade seal to whoever he wants. "
Dongfang Chunjun chuckled. "That's great. Brother Qing, I'm afraid you'll have to give it up this time!"
Emperor Hanqing's expression darkened.
If Han Tianxiao obtained the imperial jade seal, Dongfang Chunjun wouldn't have the face to say that …
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's identity was so sensitive that Emperor Hanqing couldn't think of a way to deal with it.
It was like a piece of meat that was supposed to belong to Han Jia, but he could only watch it fly away. Even though Emperor Han Qing was a Saint, he was still very conflicted.
However, his state of mind returned to normal in the blink of an eye. With a slight smile on his handsome face, he said generously, "Supreme Sage Chun Jun's vision is indeed extraordinary. You have the Light of Insight. I'm afraid you already knew that this child could get the Imperial Jade Seal! I'll have to give it up this time. "
As he spoke, he shook his head, revealing a look of admiration for Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun nodded slightly and looked at Qing Thearch with admiration. "There aren't many people in the divine realm that I admire, but you are definitely one of them, Qing Thearch. Han Jia's floating island will probably rise a few levels in the future!"
With Luo Zheng's help, Han Jia's floating island had risen a level.
If it continued to rise, it wouldn't be able to push the Dongfang Family down. It would only be able to push the Leng Family, Xuanyue Family, and the other families down. Dongfang Chunjun's words were very interesting.
Leng Yao, the Leng Family's Sage, looked at him with disdain. He didn't say anything.
Below the Sages ….
The True Gods who had entered the Sea of Time Forbidden Zone had already left the forbidden zone.
They couldn't see what happened in the forbidden zone, but they could hear the conversation between the Sages.
Dongfang Ning, Zhan Ming, and the other upper true gods were stunned.
"Did Luo Tianxing get the imperial jade seal?"
"He did enter the halo, but so many other Great Perfection deities went in before him!"
"That guy's luck is heaven-defying, right? Otherwise, what right did he have to obtain the imperial jade seal in front of a Great Perfection cultivator? If you show your face, you'll be killed! "
In the eyes of these True Gods, Paragons were simply undefeatable existences.
However, they didn't know that the space-time in the Imperial Jade Seal had isolated all the Taoist Connotation in the Divine Realm. The strength that the Great Fulfilment experts could display was less than one percent of their peak strength. They could only rely on brute force.
Luo Zheng's power was not at an absolute disadvantage when facing a Perfect Real God.
"Sister, Luo Zheng … actually succeeded?" Han Chuyue's delicate little face was also full of surprise.
Han Biluo also had a look of disbelief on her face, "That guy is really …"
She had seen Luo Zheng's extraordinariness in Hantian Mansion, but that kind of extraordinariness was far from being comparable to that of a Wealthy Family's disciple.
However, this guy had created one inconceivable miracle after another in front of her. Her little heart was shocked. She simply couldn't describe Luo Zheng's actions …
Han Liusu stood between the two girls, staring blankly at the exit of the Sea of Time without the slightest trace of joy on her face.
So what if Luo Zheng got the imperial jade seal?
How could he resist Dongfang Chunjun?
Listening to her father's words, he didn't intend to compete with Dongfang Chunjun for the imperial jade seal. He probably wanted to give Luo Zheng and the imperial jade seal to Dongfang Chunjun.
If Dongfang Chunjun had some interest in Luo Zheng before, the most likely possibility now was that Dongfang Chunjun would take away the imperial jade seal and then kill Luo Zheng. This kind of result was almost irresistible.
Han Liusu thought about it, and it seemed that she could only watch this happen without any power to stop it.
However, she still prayed silently in her heart. Luo Zheng was her miracle child. She hoped that Luo Zheng could perform another miracle for her!
…
…
In the forbidden area …
Luo Zheng brought Mu Ning back the way they came.
It was very smooth all the way back.
Those Time Wraiths should have been lured away by the True Gods who returned early.
The road leading to the Temple of Time was empty.
Luo Zheng didn't walk fast on this path …
He was thinking about all kinds of possibilities after leaving the Sea of Time.
Mu Ning followed Luo Zheng without saying anything. She followed Luo Zheng at a steady pace.
Not long after passing by the Temple of Time, Luo Zheng saw a piece of gold scattered on the ground. It was the gold left behind after the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue was cut.
Previously, in order to lure away those Time Wraiths, Luo Zheng didn't have a chance to retrieve them. At this moment, with a thought, all the gold pieces merged with each other and quickly turned into the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue.
This Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue was originally given to the Evil Old Man as a physical body, but now was not the time to think about such trivial matters.
Not long after moving forward with the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue, they finally encountered a group of Time Wraiths.
After Luo Zheng stopped, he immediately whispered to Mu Ning, "Same old way. I'll lure those Time Wraiths away. You just have to follow …"
Unexpectedly, Mu Ning didn't care about those Time Wraiths at all. Instead, she asked, "Are you nervous?"
"Why should I be nervous?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"But we have to face those Sages," Mu Ning said.
Luo Zheng shrugged and didn't answer.
The Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue beside him turned into a golden light and shot toward the group of Time Wraiths. When the group of Time Wraiths became restless and followed the Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue, Luo Zheng shouted coldly, "Run!"
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
One in front and one behind, Mu Ning ran behind Luo Zheng!
After luring away the group of Time Wraiths, there weren't many obstacles ahead. The two of them took advantage of this opportunity to move forward quickly.
However, they didn't expect that just after they rushed out for a while, a large group of Time Wraiths would appear in front of them again!
"What should we do?"
Mu Ning also saw the group of Time Wraiths blocking the way and asked from not far behind Luo Zheng.
The Thousand Beast Golden Luan Statue had already lured away a group of Time Wraiths. If it turned to Luo Zheng's side, they would be surrounded. However, if they didn't lure away the Time Wraiths in front, they wouldn't be able to rush through at all!
"Charge!" Luo Zheng said calmly.
Mu Ning knew that Luo Zheng used the imperial jade seal and had an incomprehensible ability.
She didn't know how Luo Zheng did it. It seemed that no matter how serious the injury was, he could recover in an instant …
No matter what, she now trusted Luo Zheng's words very much. Even if those Time Wraiths were so terrifying, she didn't hesitate at all.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
When they approached the Time Wraiths, the large group of Time Wraiths was like a group of headless flies, circling crazily, and then pouncing toward Luo Zheng and Mu Ning.
At this time, the Sages in the Sea of Time Forbidden Area also stretched their necks and stared at the scene in front of them.
They also knew the ability of the imperial jade seal. It seemed to be able to devour a part of time, but after all, they hadn't seen Luo Zheng use it with their own eyes. Naturally, they were very curious.
Seeing the large group of Time Wraiths pouncing toward them …
A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
"Devouring for three breaths of time …"
The giant worms lying on those rays of light began to wriggle, devouring these three breaths of time.
With a thought, Luo Zheng tore three more pages of time …
Under the gaze of the Sages, Luo Zheng and Mu Ning were almost inevitably possessed by the Time Wraiths, dragged into the cracks of time, and cut into pieces.
However, with a flash of their figures, they inexplicably rushed through the group of Time Wraiths and continued to sprint forward quickly.

Chapter 1968
The moment Luo Zheng activated this ability, Dongfang Chunjun frowned slightly.
There was a helpless look in his eyes, and his figure blurred again, avoiding the devouring of time …
"Sure enough, this kid erased a period of time!"
"The ability of the imperial jade seal …"
"Just now, I sensed the difference between the time in the universe and the divine realm by three breaths! I don't know if that's the limit of the imperial jade seal, but even so, this imperial jade seal is already very scary! "
The time in the universe flowed many times faster than the divine realm, but it was still easy to calculate how long the divine realm had disappeared. This was not difficult for the saints.
These saints looked at Luo Zheng with fiery eyes.
The ability of the imperial jade seal given to Luo Zheng was not very heaven-defying, but the stronger the person, the more powerful it was!
For three breaths of time, he was completely invincible. If the saints obtained it, they would often be able to use it to great effect. The space for imagination was almost infinite. It could be said that it was a treasure that became stronger when the opponent was stronger.
Moreover, this might not be the limit of the imperial jade seal's ability!
Emperor Hanqing forced himself to be calm, but there was still some unwillingness in the depths of his eyes. Who would be willing to give such a treasure of faith to Dongfang Chunjun for nothing?
But now he could only endure it, and there was not much room for choice.
…
The vast number of time wraiths chased Luo Zheng and Mu Ning all the way.
After running like this for dozens of breaths of time, the two finally rushed out of the main road of the Sea of Time Forbidden Land and rushed into the branch road opened by the Aqua Star in one fell swoop.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Those time wraiths did not rush in, but only crazily circled outside the branch road.
After the two rushed to a safe area, they stopped for a moment.
After these Time Wraiths hovered for a while, they swarmed away. Only then did Luo Zheng carefully return. He found the Ten Thousand Beasts Golden Imperial Statue that had been cut into pieces along the way. After completely merging with it, he returned to the branch road again.
Following this branch road all the way, they came to the exit of the Aqua Star.
Mu Ning looked deeply at Luo Zheng and said in a low voice, "I wish you good luck …" Then, she took a step forward and left through the exit.
The moment Mu Ning left the forbidden area of the Sea of Time, she immediately felt the powerful aura of the Sages pressing on her. However, Mu Ning had seen many Sages since she was young, so she remained calm. She puffed out her chest and looked straight ahead as she walked toward the place where the True Gods of the Mu family were gathered.
"Little doll of the Mu Clan, why didn't Mu Xuerong come out with you? Why did you and Luo Tianxing leave the Imperial Jade Seal? "Tang Lun was the most impatient among the Sages. He lowered his head and asked.
Mu Ning looked up at Tang Lun and answered truthfully, "Luo Tianxing is willing to let me out."
"Why?!" Tang Lun's eyes burned with flames, as if he could see through Mu Ning's heart.
If an ordinary True God was stared at by a Sage like this, they would have panicked and lost their composure. Mu Ning just smiled gently. "Uncle Saint Emperor, he controls the Imperial Jade Seal, which is equivalent to controlling everyone's life and death. Naturally, it's not up to me to decide who lives or dies. As for why Luo Tianxing let me go, I don't know. Maybe it's because I'm pretty?"
Mu Ning was extremely smart. Although she was only half-joking, she directly blocked Tang Lun's doubts. The key was to tell all the Sages present, including Dongfang Chunjun, that the life and death of all the Great Perfection Stage True Gods in the Imperial Jade Seal was controlled by Luo Zheng!
In this way, the Sages would be afraid to attack the rat for fear of breaking the vases, and they could fight for a chance of survival for Luo Zheng.
"Hmph, the girls of the Mu family are all sharp-tongued. Your sister is the same, and so are you." Tang Lun snorted and stopped talking.
Mu Ning smiled slightly, tilted her head, and bowed to Tang Lun. "Thank you for your praise, Uncle Saint Emperor!"
Then, Mu Ning met up with the True Gods …
Just as Mu Ning turned to look at the exit, she saw a wave of fluctuations at the exit. The "Aqua Star" in the center of the nine towers rippled, and Luo Zheng's figure came out of the passage.
Everyone's eyes gathered on Luo Zheng in an instant.
The gazes of the True Gods were still fine, but the gazes of the Sages were like substance, forming a force of trillions of kilograms on Luo Zheng's body.
If it were in the universe, with just the gazes of these Sages, they could "see" a mountain range that stretched for thousands of miles into powder, could "see" the stars in the sky into fragments, and could even directly "see" an ordinary Lower True God into a pile of meat paste!
With such a large force exerted on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng also felt his whole body become sluggish.
However, the strength of his physical body now was not inferior to that of a Great Perfection Stage True God. Coupled with the protection of the Concentric Garment, it did not cause too much damage to him.
As the nine stars in his Inner World rotated slightly, he actually resisted the pressure and took a few steps forward until a voice came.
"Little guy! Where's Tang Wan? Let him out. If not, I will extract your soul and refine it with True Fire! "Tang Lun stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly.
Previously, Mu Ning had already reminded him that Luo Zheng could dictate the life and death of the Great Perfection True Gods in the imperial jade seal. Tang Lun was impatient and naturally would not allow anyone to hurt Tang Wan. That was his most outstanding son.
Facing Luo Zheng, Tang Lun did not have the slightest scruple. He sat on the wide flame throne, and flames were burning in his eyes. The temperature in his gaze was also extremely hot, as if the flames were burning his body.
Not to mention a Lower True God, even an Upper True God would not be able to resist without using any means. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, remained motionless. This burning sensation was nothing to him …
Luo Zheng's gaze passed through the crowd and landed on Mu Ning. Mu Ning nodded slightly at him.
He knew that Mu Ning had deliberately misled the Sages.
"Saint Emperor, I don't understand what you mean," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"Arrogant! You dare to play dumb in front of me? You don't know what's good for you! "Tang Lun slapped the throne hard, and flames rose from the armrest of the flame throne.
The remaining power of the flames spread out and could easily burn the entire island …
Leng Yao, who was beside him, reminded him, "Brother Tang Lun, don't be impatient!"
As soon as he finished speaking, an invisible chill spread out and surrounded Tang Lun's body.
The chill was colorless and invisible. Everyone only felt a refreshing feeling. The flames on the flame throne instantly shrunk. It was obvious that the flames released by Tang Lun were extinguished by the chill.
"Tang Lun, be careful. You were invited to the Blind Tribe to participate in the Ling Sun Festival!" The Blind Tribe's female tribe leader warned.
"Humph!"
Tang Lun snorted coldly and did not say anything else.
Then, Dongfang Chunjun finally spoke.
Compared to the irritable Tang Lun, Dongfang Chunjun was much more amiable.
He smiled at Luo Zheng and gave people a feeling of being bathed in the spring breeze. He did not have the slightest arrogance.
"Your surname is Luo?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"You're Luo Xiao's son?" Dongfang Chunjun smiled.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded again.
In the Sea of Time Forbidden Area, Mu Xuerong had almost confirmed his identity.
He could stir up trouble among a group of Great Perfection cultivators, but there was no way he could deceive the Saints here, so Luo Zheng openly admitted it.
Aunt Hanjiu sighed softly and sighed in her heart. This little guy really did have some of his father's upright character. However, in front of so many Saints, even if she wanted to take him away, she might not be able to …
She had already decided in her heart that she would take Luo Zheng away.
After reaching the Great Perfection level, greater teleportation would leave almost no trace.
However, Great Perfection cultivators in the Divine Territory could not teleport very far.
The distance between a quasi-sage and a Saint was very exaggerated. If she was given a chance, she was confident that she could take Luo Zheng away.

Chapter 1969
Luo Zheng openly admitted his identity.
The True Gods were in an uproar …
"He really is Luo Xiao's son!"
"No wonder he has such strength!"
"So what if he's the son of the Sage Emperor? Aren't you? Aren't I … "
At least 30% of the True Gods present were the direct descendants of the Sages.
If it was outside the Sea of Time, it would be rare, but it was nothing in the Sea of Time …
However, in terms of strength, the gap between these direct descendants of the Sage Emperor and Luo Zheng was still relatively large.
Han Liusu clenched her fists tightly, and sweat oozed out of them. She did not know what Luo Zheng would face if he really admitted it.
On the other hand, Mu Ning's face was calm. Her thin lips were gently pursed, and her eyebrows were also furrowed.
"Good, Luo Xiao's son is indeed upright!" Dongfang Chunjun praised.
Luo Zheng stood in place, and his expression did not change.
"If you are willing, I will not care about the conflict between me and Luo Xiao. If you join the Dongfang family, I will accept you as my disciple! How about it? "Dongfang Chunjun smiled.
Hearing this …
Many Sages had a strange look in their eyes. They did not understand what Dongfang Chunjun was thinking.
It was fine that Dongfang Chunjun did not know Luo Zheng's true identity.
Who would be willing to accept such a genius as their disciple?
However, this kid was Luo Xiao's son!
He was the son of Dongfang Chunjun's enemy.
Accepting such a guy as his disciple would be tantamount to raising a tiger and inviting calamity.
The True Gods also whispered among themselves …
"This guy is really lucky!"
"The Dongfang Sage Emperor is willing to let bygones be bygones and accept him as his disciple …"
"I thought he was dead for sure!"
Han Liusu stared at Luo Zheng. She hoped that Luo Zheng would agree. Although Dongfang Chunjun did not have good intentions, this was almost the only path Luo Zheng could choose!
However, Han Liusu also knew that with Luo Zheng's character, he would most likely refuse.
Dongfang Chunjun's words surprised Luo Zheng. He looked up at Dongfang Chunjun and said calmly, "It is a great honor to be accepted as a disciple by the Dongfang Sage Emperor."
Dongfang Chunjun nodded. His aura was still like a spring breeze, making everyone on the island feel warm as if they were bathing in spring.
"Many thanks for Dongfang Shenghuang's good intentions, but I'm not willing." Luo Zheng changed the topic.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, most of the people present stared at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at an idiot …
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was a criminal on death row waiting to be executed. Now that he finally had a chance to be pardoned, which was impossible for ordinary people to get, he refused without any hesitation.
That was simply courting death.
Dongfang Chunjun's face froze for a moment, then his expression returned to normal. He asked calmly, "Why?"
Luo Zheng cracked a smile.
The hatred suppressed in his body was released. He turned his gaze slightly and pointed at Dongfang Chunjun.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a faint murderous intent as he calmly said: "That year, you overthrew my Luo Clan and killed my father. When has there ever been a time limit for this hatred? I, Luo Zheng, as his son, must avenge him! How can I acknowledge a criminal as my master! "
His aura was far from that of a Sage.
Compared to a Sage, it was like the difference between the light of a firefly and the light of the sun and the moon.
However, within his aura, there was a rock-solid state of mind. No matter how insignificant it was, it could not be ignored.
The True Gods were dumbfounded.
[This guy is a little too bold …]
The only person who could be mentioned in the same breath as Luo Zheng was probably Yu Taibai from the Arena of Gods.
However, Yu Taibai was so unyielding because he controlled Mount Buzhou. If he hid in Mount Buzhou, the Sage Emperors really could not do much to him!
This Luo Zheng was a lower-level True God. Running in front of these Sages to provoke them was so arrogant that it made one's hair stand on end.
"Is he courting death?"
"Maybe it's like what Mu Ning said. He thinks that by threatening those Great Perfection stage Sages, the Sages will not dare to do anything!"
"Think about it carefully. If he can instantly kill those Great Perfection stage Sages, it will indeed be an unbearable loss for the wealthy families!"
The Sages of the Sword Tribe, the Xuanyue Clan, and the other wealthy families watched this scene with the mentality of watching a show.
As for the Sages of the Dongfang Clan, the Tang Clan, the Fang Clan, and the other wealthy families, they were slightly stunned for a moment before laughing one after another.
"Hahaha …"
"This little guy …"
"Luo Xiao is quite capable!"
In the eyes of the Sages, Luo Zheng was indeed extremely outstanding. However, his strength was completely negligible.
More importantly, before the Sage Mountain descended, all True Gods could only cultivate to the Great Perfection stage at most, and Great Perfection stage True Gods were almost not qualified to fight against the Sages. From this point alone, no matter how strong Luo Zheng's talent was, there was nothing to be afraid of.
Therefore, in the eyes of this group of Sages, Luo Zheng's words were like the words of an ignorant six-year-old child. It was extremely laughable.
There was no anger on Dongfang Chunjun's face. He still stared at Luo Zheng with a calm and relaxed expression and said, "Do you think you have the chance? Or are you confident that you can leave this place? "
If these Sages could let a mere Lower True God escape, it would really be the biggest joke in the world …
In front of everyone, Luo Zheng slowly raised his right hand. "I have a reason to leave this place!"
There was a small black snake engraved on his hand. That small snake was transformed from the imperial jade seal. "Tang Wan, Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, Dongfang Taiqing … The lives of these Great Perfection True Gods are not of any concern to the Sages, right?"
When Luo Zheng said this, the expressions of the Sages present changed slightly.
It was definitely not easy to cultivate a Great Perfection True God. Most wealthy families only had one or two Great Perfection True Gods. Almost all of them were the leaders of these wealthy families and had a very important position in the wealthy families.
"The spacetime in the imperial jade seal is already under my control. It's very easy to kill them," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Although he appeared to be calm and composed, he was still quite nervous.
The lives of those Great Perfection True Gods were practically the only thing Luo Zheng could rely on now.
"Young man, my Sword Tribe has no enmity with you. I don't care what you do, but you have to release Shi Jian first!" a Sword Tribe Sage said as he stared at Luo Zheng indifferently.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands toward that Sage and said, "When I entered the imperial jade seal, Shi Jian had already died. All that's left is a pile of bones."
"What!"
The Sages of the Sword Tribe were all shocked.
"If there's a chance, I'll return his bones," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Luo Zheng did not want to offend the other wealthy families on the floating island.
"Young man, if you dare to hurt Tang Wan in the slightest, I won't let you off," Tang Lun said coldly.
"That will depend on whether the Sage Emperors will let me leave. If I can leave this place safely, I'll naturally ensure the safety of these Great Perfection True Gods," Luo Zheng replied in a tit-for-tat manner.
The other Sages all fell silent. Some of them looked at Dongfang Chunjun. After this young man gained control of the imperial jade seal, things had indeed become troublesome.
Were they really going to sacrifice the lives of so many Great Perfection True Gods for the sake of a lesser True God?
Seeing the reactions of the Sages, Aunt Hanjiu felt a little more at ease. She had not expected things to develop to this point.
Perhaps Luo Zheng could really rely on the lives of those Great Perfection True Gods to escape?
While Aunt Hanjiu was thinking, Dongfang Chunjun said with a mocking smile, "It's as you said. You do have the lives of more than twenty Great Perfection True Gods in your hands, but to my Dongfang Family, there's only Dongfang Taiqing. I, Dongfang Chunjun, have never been threatened by anyone, so I don't care!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the three Han Family sisters and Mu Ning's expressions changed slightly. Aunt Hanjiu's heart also sank.

Chapter 1970
Aunt Hanjiu's beautiful eyes quietly swept across Dongfang Chunjun's face.
Dongfang Chunjun could attack at any time …
Luo Zheng was able to exchange the lives of more than twenty perfection-stage Saints for his own escape. This move was almost perfect. For a Lower True God, this could be said to be the pinnacle.
Unfortunately, it was far from enough …
Aunt Hanjiu could only let out a long sigh in her heart.
At that moment, the originally dark sky began to light up.
The female clan leader, who had been silent all this time, calmly announced, "The transit is over."
The female clan leader didn't seem to care about Luo Zheng's life or death. Even if Luo Zheng obtained the imperial jade seal and was threatened by the Saints, she didn't say a word.
Whoosh … Whoosh …
The water channel that appeared in the center of the nine towers began to slowly dissipate.
The Saints' attention temporarily shifted from Luo Zheng to the nine towers.
"Now!"
A trace of decisiveness flashed in the depths of her eyes. She couldn't let Luo Xiao's son die here!
She tapped the air with the tip of her foot.
A purple circular mist spread out from the tip of her feet ….
"Great Purple Qi Art, Purple Sky Decimating Earth, Mist of Confusion!"
Before all the True Gods and Sages could react, the purple fog had spread to the entire island in an instant.
The mist transformed into circular spaces, enveloping all the Saints and True Gods within!
All the Saints in the air were suddenly shrouded in circles of purple mist. The moment they were shrouded, it was as if the laws of space around them had completely changed. Each circle of purple mist was an independent space, and all senses connected to this world had completely disappeared.
"Purple Sky Decimating Earth has descended? What is Secondary Sage Han Jia doing? "A Saint frowned slightly.
"Aunt Hanjiu, what are you doing!" Emperor Han Qing's expression changed drastically.
"Heh." A Saint only sneered.
This Mist of Confusion was indeed a miraculous technique that could even trap a Saint. However, the Saints trapped within it didn't panic at all!
Whoosh!
Taking advantage of the purple mist, Aunt Hanjiu appeared by Luo Zheng's side.
She grabbed Luo Zheng's hand and said, "Let's go!"
After saying that, he was about to use Greater Teleportation to leave this place!
If Aunt Hanjiu could bring Luo Zheng out of this place using greater teleportation, they would be able to escape from Dongfang Chunjun.
Success or failure would depend on this move.
Dongfang Chunjun also fell into the fog, but his expression didn't change at all …
Amidst the fog, he slowly raised his hand and closed his eyes …
His hand swayed gently in the rolling mist, as if he was aiming at a fish in the water.
When Aunt Hanjiu grabbed Luo Zheng and used the great teleportation, Dongfang Chunjun felt the fluctuation of space and immediately reached out to grab it!
Regardless of whether it was a Great Perfection or a Sage, there was almost no pause in using greater teleportation in the Divine Territory.
More often than not, the person would disappear with a single thought.
However, the distance that a Saint could traverse was many times greater than that of a Great Perfection Saint.
But the moment Aunt Hanjiu and Luo Zheng teleported, Dongfang Chunjun's grab actually hit Aunt Hanjiu and forcibly pulled them down. This method was very strange!
When Luo Zheng noticed that Dongfang Chunjun was grabbing Aunt Hanjiu, he once again used the ability of the imperial jade seal. With a thought, he urged those insects to swallow up all the time in the span of three breaths!
Dongfang Chunjun's face flashed with a cold smile, and the grab he made in the air became extremely blurry!
The span of three breaths was once again wiped out by Luo Zheng.
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, any damage that Dongfang Chunjun caused in these three breaths would not have any effect!
But this time, Luo Zheng's ability failed …
He urged those insects to tear up all the pages, leaving only a small blind spot compared to the entire Divine Territory. This blind spot was like cast iron and could not be devoured at all …
This blind spot was next to Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu. It was the blurry claw print!
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
Accompanied by the sound of space being torn apart, the billowing fog instantly dissipated completely!
Everyone immediately saw it clearly.
"Aunt Hanjiu!"
"Aunt Jiu …"
The expressions of Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and the others changed drastically.
The eyes of the other True Gods were also full of surprise …
A black spatial crack appeared above Luo Zheng's head, and Aunt Hanjiu fell next to Luo Zheng. Her beautiful face was full of pain, and there were three more black claw prints on her waist. The claw prints were emitting wisps of black aura.
There was also a faint black aura emitting from Dongfang Chunjun's hand. He slowly retracted his hand and lightly shook his right hand. He looked indifferently at Aunt Hanjiu and smiled. "The Secondary Saint of the Han Family still hasn't given up on love? You're willing to sacrifice everything for Luo Xiao to save this little guy's life. What a surprise. "
Aunt Hanjiu half sat on the ground and spat out a large amount of blood. Her face was full of unwillingness, but her hand was still tightly gripping Luo Zheng. She smiled bitterly and said to Luo Zheng, "I'm sorry … I failed …"
It was almost impossible to escape from Dongfang Chunjun.
Luo Zheng had even used the imperial jade seal's help, but he still couldn't avoid Dongfang Chunjun's grasp.
Emperor Hanqing's fists were tightly clenched, and he frowned at Dongfang Chunjun. A trace of killing intent leaked out of his heart.
Dongfang Chunjun seemed to have sensed Emperor Han Qing's emotions, so he smiled at him with a relaxed expression. "Brother Emperor Han, what is the meaning of this? The quasi-saint of your Han Family wants to escape with this kid?"
Emperor Hanqing's face froze, and his clenched fists relaxed. He said awkwardly, "I, I don't know why Aunty Hanjiu is like this!"
Dongfang Chunjun laughed and walked slowly towards Aunt Hanjiu. At the same time, he said loudly, "It's not your fault if you don't know. But Brother Hanqing, you know my temper. I hate it when people disturb my business. Don't blame me if the Secondary Saint of the Han Family wants to die!"
Han Liusu and Han Cangyan stared at their father …
Aunt Hanjiu was the Secondary Saint of the Han Family after all!
Father wouldn't leave her in the lurch, would he?
Emperor Hanqing stared at Dongfang Chunjun, his body stiff.
Seeing Dongfang Chunjun walk towards Aunt Hanjiu, he nodded with great difficulty. "Of course, Great Sage Dongfang can do whatever he wants."
Hearing this, Han Liusu's lungs exploded. She couldn't help but shout, "Father! How can you do this! "
Han Chuyue, Han Biluo, and Han Cangyan all looked at Emperor Hanqing in disbelief …
Aunt Hanjiu and Luo Zheng looked at the approaching Dongfang Chunjun, their eyes filled with despair.

Chapter 1971
The Saints also looked at Luo Zheng coldly.
As peak figures in the Divine Realm, they hated being threatened the most. They were also happy to see Dongfang Chunjun deal with the quasi-saints.
Just as Dongfang Chunjun was walking toward Luo Zheng and Aunt Han Jiu, the female chief's body trembled.
The female clan leader's body trembled slightly. Without any movement, she appeared in front of Dongfang Chunjun.
"You promised that you wouldn't cause trouble during the transit," the female chief said in a clear voice.
Dongfang Chunjun stopped stepping in the air. His broad eyebrows furrowed slightly. "This is an exception."
"Every time you want to attack, it's an exception?" the female chief asked.
"Yes, so what? You want to stop me? Or do you think you can stop me? " Dongfang Chunjun stared at the masked female chief. His aura was like a spring breeze, but it faintly revealed a trace of aggressive aggression.
The female chief was silent for a while under the mask.
She controlled the forbidden land of the sea of time, but it didn't mean that she controlled the sea of time.
Of course, Dongfang Chunjun wasn't the master of the sea of time. It was just that she didn't have a good way to deal with Dongfang Chunjun now …
"Get out of the way," Dongfang Chunjun said indifferently.
The female chief could only move to the side silently.
But at the same time …
Somewhere in the Divine Realm …
Thick black clouds that stretched for millions of miles covered the sky.
Even the strongest and sharpest sunlight couldn't penetrate these black clouds.
If it was during the day, these black clouds would gather together and remain still …
At night, the black clouds would come to life.
Thousands of souls would awaken. They screamed, rolled, tangled, and tore apart in the clouds. It was like this for one Divine Era, and it was also like this for 100 Divine Eras.
The stronger souls could devour the smaller souls, while the stronger souls could devour everything.
The most primitive law of the jungle was vividly displayed in these thick clouds.
Occasionally, there would be powerful spirit bodies that would fall from the black clouds after becoming sufficiently strong. However, facing these powerful spirit bodies would be another trial of slaughter. In the Soul Desolate, there was no lack of powerful spirit bodies …
Accompanied by the huge and thick black clouds, it stretched into the depths of the Soul Wilderness.
There was a huge black shadow.
It was the "Wilderness" giant.
It was a form completely constructed by the soul.
They had their own intelligence and abilities that belonged to the soul.
Even in the extremely cruel Soul Desolation, the Desolate Giants could still stand at the top of the food chain.
But at this moment, the Wild Giant was half-kneeling on the ground, carefully lifting its shoulder …
A woman with a graceful figure was lying on his broad shoulders.
She was wearing a light green dress that covered her shoulders all the way to her snow-white thighs. The extremely tight dress accentuated her figure completely. The Desolate Giant's broad shoulders emitted traces of black aura, covering half of her snow-white and slender legs. It was as if she was sleeping in a soft black cloud. She looked lazy and tired, beautiful and enchanting.
That was the controller of the Soul Desolation, Shi Qiaoqiao.
She had been lying on the giant's shoulders for some time.
Through the Desolate Giant's powerful soul, her own soul was continuously nourished. This feeling made her feel peaceful, and she fell into a deep sleep.
At this moment.
Shi Xiaoqiao suddenly opened her eyes.
That extremely mysterious aura was also emitted from her extremely beautiful eyes.
In the depths of those eyes, there was a hint of surprise, and there was even a trace of a bitter smile on her face.
"Cute little guy … his ability to cause trouble is really beyond my imagination!" She sighed.
"Gulp …"
A strange sound came from the Desolate Giant's throat.
Shi Xiaoqiao gently patted the Desolate Giant. "I'm not talking about you!"
She had never expected that not long after she left the Takiguan Forest, Luo Zheng would rush into the sea of time.
With Luo Zheng's talent …
Entering the sea of time was not something that could not be figured out.
But in such a short time, he had provoked Dongfang Chunjun, which inevitably made Shi Xiaoqiao look askance.
She leaned on the Desolate Giant's shoulder and gently raised one of her white arms. A scepter that flickered with orange light appeared in her hand.
That was the "Scepter of Silence of the Gods".
"Wuya –"
"Ga –"
"Wuwuwu –"
The sky of the Soul Desolation was originally extremely noisy.
Those damned souls fought day and night, and the sound they emitted was very ear-piercing, making people irritated.
When the orange scepter appeared in Shi Xiaoqiao's hand.
All the sounds came to an abrupt halt.
Waves of awe, uneasiness, and fear spread out.
Those emotions were emitted from pure soul bodies, and they were not concealed in the slightest.
Shi Xiaoqiao held the scepter in one hand, and at the same time, she placed two white fingers that were like scallions on the side of her sparkling pink lips.
Her pale vermilion lips opened slightly, and then she blew out a breath.
"Shh – don't talk …"
In an instant …
An invisible force spread out at an incredible speed.
The spreading speed was beyond common sense. In less than half a breath, it covered half of the Divine Realm, and after a breath, it covered the entire Divine Realm.
The entire Divine Realm fell silent!
In the entire Divine Realm, all the Gods, all the True Gods, and all the living beings became mute.
The sound of the tide hitting the shore …
The buzzing of insects …
The rustling of the wind blowing through the trees …
The rain splashed down along the eaves, and the dripping sound …
The sound of talking, sighing, exploding …
All the sounds disappeared.
An upper-level True God flew away in the air.
In an instant, he felt that he could no longer use the power in his body, and he was rapidly falling down. His face turned pale with fright, and he cried out in alarm, but he found that he could not make a sound. He thought that he had become deaf!
Not only him, but everyone in the Divine Realm thought that they had gone deaf.
Because all the sounds had disappeared.
All the True Gods were unable to use any abilities.
All the Divine Rune Arrays were also suppressed …
The Soaring Sky Array on the floating island floating on the Sea of Time was also silenced. The energy within it could no longer be used, and it began to rapidly fall down.
On the Blind Tribe's island …
The Sages who were originally floating in mid-air also fell from mid-air.
Most of the Sages maintained their standing posture, and even after being silenced, their landing posture was graceful and stable.
Tang Lun lay lazily on the wide Blazing Flame Throne.
The moment he was silenced, the layer of warm flames surrounding him suddenly disappeared.
His bell-sized eyes suddenly widened, and he could not help but let out an "oh" sound, but he found that no sound came from his throat.
Before he could fully react, his entire body involuntarily fell down. His wide and thick body sprawled out, smashing a large hole in the ground.
Not far away, Mu Ning, Han Liusu, and the group of True Gods saw this scene, and they were so shocked that their eyeballs almost fell out. It was really unexpected that a Sage would fall so miserably. They all wanted to laugh but did not dare to, and could only force themselves to hold it in.
Dongfang Chunjun stood steadily on the ground.
In an instant, he understood what had happened. In the universe he had constructed, nine stars were connected together like candied haws. When the nine stars transformed into this form, they could gather power at the fastest speed!
If the power of faith was silenced, Dongfang Chunjun would charge up and attack with pure power.
Although Dongfang Chunjun's reaction was quite fast, the moment Shi Xiaoqiao raised the Scepter of Silence of the Gods, the small petal between Luo Zheng's eyebrows had already spread out.
The petal formed a unique diamond-shaped pattern that covered a small area, and this area just happened to include Aunt Hanjiu and Luo Zheng.
In the entire Divine Realm, perhaps only this small area was not silenced.
In her despair, Aunt Hanjiu did not even think that Luo Zheng would have such a backup plan!
However, the moment the Sages fell rapidly, Aunt Hanjiu had already reacted. Seeing Dongfang Chunjun erupting with power and rushing over, she once again grabbed Luo Zheng, and did not forget to glance at Tang Lun, who had fallen miserably not far away. She covered her red lips with one hand, and there was a trace of uncontrollable laughter in her voice. "Let's go!"
Whoosh …

Chapter 1972
Dongfang Chunjun's grab was extremely powerful.
However, the heavily injured Aunt Han Jiu still dragged Luo Zheng out of the Sea of Time in an extremely light manner, appearing at a certain seaside in the Sea of Time.
The petal between Luo Zheng's eyebrows was still shining, forming a diamond-shaped pattern that enveloped the two.
"Continue!"
"Hu …"
Without any hesitation, Aunt Han Jiu took Luo Zheng and left again.
It was just one shift, but it was still possible for the Saints' divine sense to lock onto the spatial ripples and deduce the approximate direction and location of the shift.
However, under the silence of the entire divine realm, this possibility was very small.
However, Dongfang Chunjun had countless backup plans, and Aunt Han Jiu grasped this chance to escape, so she naturally wouldn't be careless.
In just that period of "silence," Aunt Han Jiu continuously shifted as many as four times!
Shi Qiao didn't make the entire divine realm fall into silence for long.
In total, it was only one and a half breaths of time.
The floating islands in the Sea of Time all fell in this one and a half breaths of time.
The Luo Family's floating island at the bottom was even close to the surface of the Sea of Time …
However, after the silence passed, the divine patterns hidden inside the floating islands began to operate again, and all the floating islands began to rise slowly. The True Gods on the floating islands also let out a long breath.
Once the floating islands fell into the Sea of Time, the consequences would be unimaginable.
After the silence passed, the vast space of the divine realm returned to normal …
One and a half breaths of time wasn't long, but it still caused quite a bit of chaos.
On the island, Dongfang Chunjun stood in place.
The power drawn from the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Nine Stars kept rolling in his body, and although that power wasn't released, the powerful force had already bent the space around him. Bystanders looked at him and felt that his body was a bit distorted.
Although the silence had passed, the atmosphere on the island was extremely gloomy.
Emperor Han Qing's eyes narrowed slightly, and his expression became relaxed …
As for Tang Lun, Leng Yao, and the other Saints who got up from the ground, their expressions were very ugly.
Not only did that brat run away, but he also took the imperial jade seal and imprisoned a group of consummate True Gods …
Before Luo Zheng left the forbidden area, how could these Saints have imagined that the final result would be like this?
Within Mu Ning's eyes, which were filled with boundless vitality, there was a faint trace of intense excitement.
She saw the flower petal flickering between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. She saw Aunt Hanjiu take Luo Zheng and disappear in a flash. The excitement in her heart was hard to suppress!
In the end, he still left …
But will we have a chance to meet again?
Thinking of this, Mu Ning's heart faintly revealed some sadness. When we meet again, will we be enemies or friends?
"It's definitely not an enemy!"
Mu Ning quietly said, her eyes flashing with a sharp aura like a sword intent. She had inherited the characteristics of Mu Xuerong's personality, but that wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Once she set her sights on a goal, even if the ground was covered with thorns, she would still press forward.
Han Liusu quietly let out a sigh of relief, her hand tightly gripping Han Chu Yue also sweating. Han Bi Luo and Han Chu Yue's taut heartstrings also relaxed.
However, the direct descendants of the Han Clan looked at Emperor Han Qing with disappointment.
Aunt Han Jiu was the secondary saint of the Han Family and the second most important person in the Han Family.
At such a critical moment, not only did their father not stand up for them, but he also completely abandoned them. Emperor Han Qing's originally incomparably lofty image of their father had collapsed in their hearts.
Even Han Cangyan, who usually didn't think much, was full of doubts. This was completely different from the father he had known since he was young …
The female leader of the Blind Clan still didn't move. Her masked face didn't reveal any emotions.
As for the other saints who had nothing to do with this, especially those from the Sword Clan and the Xuanyue Clan, faintly revealed a hint of schadenfreude on their faces.
It was good that the imperial jade seal fell into that kid's hands. At least it was much better than Dongfang Chunjun getting it!
Especially Zhan Wuji of the War God Temple, he didn't hide the smile on his face at all. If it weren't for the fact that he didn't want to go head to head with Dongfang Chunjun, he would probably praise that clever kid and Shi Qiaoqiao!
"Dong!"
Dongfang Chunjun lightly stepped forward.
He couldn't help but release some of the power that had been accumulating in his body for a long time. In an instant, the ground cracked open.
"Shi Qiaoqiao … Hmph!"
He gritted his teeth and said these words. Then, his figure disappeared from the spot.
According to the rules, after the transit, the Blind Clan would hold a bonfire banquet.
The ingredients for this banquet all came from the Sea of Time. Naturally, they were very precious.
However, Dongfang Chunjun naturally wasn't in the mood to participate.
After Dongfang Chunjun left first, Tang Lun, Leng Yao, and the other saints from the League of Wealthy Clans also chose to leave.
Only the True Gods and the saints from different forces remained.
After those saints left, Zhan Wuji of the War God Temple chuckled. "Shi Qiaoqiao's move is amazing! Previously, Shi Qiaoqiao tricked Mu Haiji in the Luo Xiao Universe. This time, she tricked Dongfang Chunjun again! "
The other saints also faintly smiled faintly.
These wealthy clans didn't want to be enemies with the League of Wealthy Clans, but it didn't mean that they liked Dongfang Chunjun. Naturally, the saints were happy to see Dongfang Chunjun fall …
…
…
Aunt Han Jiu and Luo Zheng were still continuously teleporting.
The two of them constantly traveled through space, cruising and passing through many regions of the Realm of the Gods …
Sometimes, she directly appeared with Luo Zheng in the city of a Realm of the Gods. After a round of exclamations, the two of them quickly disappeared, leaving behind a group of dumbfounded True Gods.
Sometimes, they appeared on the peak of a mountain deep in the mountains.
They only stayed for a moment. Luo Zheng didn't even have time to say a word to Aunt Han Jiu before she dragged him away again.
After thirty or forty consecutive teleportations …
The two of them finally appeared at the edge of a lake.
This time, Aunt Han Jiu had just appeared with Luo Zheng when she couldn't help but groan. Her thin eyebrows were slightly furrowed, and the expression on her charming face was very painful.
She had been scratched by Dongfang Chunjun and was quite injured.
However, along the way, she had almost no time to care.
Luo Zheng's gaze focused on Aunt Han Jiu's waist. His brows were also tightly furrowed …
The three bloody marks on Aunt Han Jiu's soft waist had already turned black, and black smoke was rising from them.
As time passed, the black smoke didn't dissipate. Instead, it grew thicker.
The moment Dongfang Chunjun grabbed that attack, Luo Zheng also used the power of the imperial jade seal. However, he still couldn't erase Dongfang Chunjun's attack. It seemed that Dongfang Chunjun used some method to avoid it …
"This injury …"
Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth when Aunt Han Jiu shook her head. Enduring the pain, she stood up and walked towards the lake.
She noticed that Luo Zheng was also following her. She hurriedly stopped him and said, "Don't come over!"
When the clear lake water flowed over her waist and came into contact with her wounds, Luo Zheng heard a "chi" sound.
The originally clear lake water quickly spread out into patches of black water. Not long after, the entire clear lake turned into a lake of black water …
Along with the billowing black smoke floating on the lake's surface, the big fish and small shrimp in the lake died one after another. Even the big fish and water monsters that were more than a hundred feet long were no exception. Their snow-white fish bellies were flipped over, and they all died!
"What a strong poison!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Aunt Han Jiu soaked in the lake for a long time before walking ashore. Her face was full of weakness. Her pale face faintly glanced at Luo Zheng and then said, "I'll heal first …"
Luo Zheng originally wanted to invite Aunt Han Jiu to Immortal Mansion. There were still many golden pills in Master's medicine room that could help Aunt Han Jiu heal.
However, after Aunt Han Jiu silently sat down cross-legged on the shore, a colorful golden pill appeared in her hand. It seemed to be at least a seventh transformation golden pill.

Chapter 1973
Luo Zheng originally wanted to enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain after the trip to the Sea of Time.
However, after a few accidents, he could only threaten them with the lives of these Perfected True Gods. He did not expect that the Sages would not be threatened at all.
He had almost caused him to lose everything.
Now, the lives of these Perfected True Gods were of little value!
Aunt Hanjiu swallowed the Golden Elixir in one gulp. Wisps of purple aura, like small snakes, coiled around her body and finally entered the wound on her waist.
During the healing process, Aunt Hanjiu's beautiful eyes also noticed the small black snake in Luo Zheng's palm. After noticing Luo Zheng's gradually unfriendly expression, she said softly, "After I stabilize my injuries, let them go, and then we will leave this place."
"Why do you want to let them go?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Perhaps a few of these Perfected True Gods in the imperial jade seal were innocent, but most of them were hostile toward him and even wanted to kill him, especially Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, and the others.
As for Dongfang Taiqing, he had helped him block Mu Xuerong's sword in the forbidden land, but his goal was definitely not to let him go. He just wanted to hand him over to Dongfang Chunjun to deal with.
Of course, he was unwilling to let the Perfected True Gods go just like that!
"If you really kill these Perfected True Gods, those Sages will definitely not let you go," Aunt Hanjiu continued.
"Aunt Jiu, are you saying that if I don't kill them, the Sages will let me go?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he asked.
Aunt Hanjiu's beautiful eyes glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled. "You are indeed Luo Xiao's son, but after all, you are only a lower True God. It is not enough for a group of Sages to go to war and kill you. However, if you kill those Perfected True Gods, the meaning will be different …"
Hearing Aunt Hanjiu's words, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
She was right …
In the eyes of Dongfang Chunjun and the other Sages, he was still too insignificant. He was like a speck of dust in the air. He was not even qualified for them to take him seriously.
Even if Dongfang Chunjun knew that he was Luo Xiao's son, he was still willing to accept him as a disciple. Perhaps he had other plans, but it also showed that his identity was indeed insignificant.
"If you can help your father fulfill his great wish and revive the Luo family in the future, these Perfect True Gods will be no more than ants in your eyes. It will be easy for you to take their lives," Aunt Hanjiu said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded silently.
With a gentle wave of his hand, a five-colored halo appeared in front of him. As the halo slowly spread, it formed a passage of time. Then, he stepped into it.
…
Outside the Light Wheel Shrine …
Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, Fang Henshao, and many other Perfect True Gods had ugly expressions.
The flow of time in this space-time was much faster than in the God Domain.
It had been two and a half days since Luo Zheng left the Imperial Jade Seal.
Mu Xuerong and the others kept exploring the Light Wheel Shrine, but they did not find anything valuable. In the end, they could only return to the Light Wheel Shrine through the underground cave.
However, after the light screen outside the Light Wheel Shrine was opened, the Spears of Time were still standing on the light screen. How could they get rid of such a situation?
Outside the light screen, Dongfang Taiqing, Han Tianxiao, and the other Perfect True Gods rushed over …
After a period of exploration, these Perfect True Gods finally found the Light Wheel Shrine.
Although they were outside the light screen, they still could not leave this space-time. The reason was simple — they could not construct a way out!
"What do we do now?"
Mu Xuerong looked at Dongfang Taiqing through the light screen.
"What else can we do? Let's sleep! "Tang Wan lay on the sand dune casually. She was in a good mood.
Dongfang Taiqing frowned and stared at Mu Xuerong. "You have so many Perfect True Gods. How did that kid steal the Imperial Jade Seal?"
Mu Xuerong snorted coldly. "You have the nerve to say that! If not for you, that kid would have been killed by me in the canyon. How could he have had the chance to steal the Imperial Jade Seal? "
Hearing this, Dongfang Taiqing's expression turned ugly …
The world was unpredictable. How could he have known that his block would lead to this predicament?
"Alright, now is not the time to blame each other." Fang Henshao shook his head. "Even if that kid gets the Imperial Jade Seal, he won't be able to escape. In the end, he'll have to obediently leave the Sea of Time. Do you think the Saints will let him go?"
Tang Wan lazily supported her head with her hand and agreed. "You're right! He's an outsider of the Han Family's floating island. With Emperor Han Qingdi's courage, would he dare to protect that kid? So it's better to sleep! "
Not far away, Han Tianxiao heard this and did not say anything.
"If I have another chance, I'll cut him into pieces!" Mu Xuerong's eyes flashed with a surging killing intent. She fiercely bit her lips and glared fiercely at Tang Wan, who was lying on the ground.
That killing intent made Tang Wan very uncomfortable. She shouted, "Can you not glare at me so fiercely? It's not like I'm the reason you can't leave … "
Before Tang Wan could finish, Luo Zheng's voice was heard.
"I'll give you a chance. Do you have the ability to cut me into pieces?"
Hearing this voice, the faces of all the True Perfection True Gods sank.
A look of panic appeared on Happy Sky's face. Without the slightest hesitation, his figure rapidly retreated to the back.
He knew that Luo Zheng could control these black spears. Everyone was standing so close to each other. It would not be fun to be shot by these spears.
However, the other True Perfection True Gods did not know.
"Hiss …"
The sand on the ground kept moving, making a soft sound.
The sand kept gathering together and quickly formed the shape of a person. In the end, it turned into a sand sculpture that looked exactly like Luo Zheng. It looked very lifelike.
Mu Xuerong was already extremely angry with Luo Zheng. So, when she saw that there was a faint trace of ridicule on Luo Zheng's face, she became even angrier!
"Whoosh!"
She slashed out with her scimitar in an instant.
In the blink of an eye, she slashed out countless times!
After she put away her scimitar, the surface of the sand sculpture showed traces of scimitar marks. Then, the sand sculpture suddenly collapsed.
"Is it fun?"
Luo Zheng's voice was heard again.
In the blink of an eye, another five sand sculptures gathered together. These sand sculptures gathered around Mu Xuerong.
Mu Xuerong could not tolerate this kind of provocation. She slashed out with her scimitar again!
However, just as she destroyed these sand sculptures, more sand sculptures stood up. The sand in this desert was inexhaustible. How could she destroy them?
Mu Xuerong could not help but shout, "If you have the ability, then show your true body. What are you doing sneaking around!"
"So what if I show myself?"
After saying this, Luo Zheng quietly appeared on the other side of the light screen. He stood calmly in midair.
It was impossible to fly in this world …
The only person who had seen Luo Zheng fly was Han Tianxiao. However, he did not tell this to the other True Perfection True Gods.
Thus, when the other True Perfection True Gods saw this, their expressions changed several times.
Dongfang Taiqing's expression also darkened. Just now, the sand had formed naturally. Now, Luo Zheng was floating in midair. This meant that he had a very high degree of control over this world. This also meant that in this space-time, Luo Zheng could dictate the life and death of everyone!
"Shua!"
Mu Xuerong suddenly raised the scimitar in her hand and said sternly, "Hand over the imperial jade seal, and I'll spare your life!"
She was impatient and murderous, so she did not think too much.

Chapter 1974
Those black spears were aimed at everyone.
The expressions of the Paragons present turned ugly. Even Tang Wan, who had been sleeping lazily, stood up and glared at Luo Zheng.
The Paragons had seen the power of these black spears before.
Dongfang Taiqing had been shot by a spear and had been recuperating for a long time. Even now, the injuries caused by the black spears had yet to heal.
As for the Sword Clan's Paragons, they had even fallen to the black spears!
When the densely packed black spears were shot out, how could the Great Perfection Real Gods that were present be lucky enough to escape?
Mu Xuerong didn't speak. She still tightly gripped her scimitar, her face filled with unwillingness …
Her stubbornness far exceeded that of an ordinary person. How could the word "death" make her submit?
At this moment, her body slightly bent. Her slender and powerful legs suddenly erupted with a powerful force, throwing her body high into the air. After drawing a parabola in the air, the scimitar in her hand slashed down at Luo Zheng's head!
"Ha!"
Luo Zheng laughed, and his figure instantly disappeared.
Mu Xuerong's scimitar missed and fell to the ground again. Before she could steady herself, Luo Zheng appeared in front of her again.
There was a handful of sand in his hand!
Seeing Mu Xuerong's scimitar slash down, the sand in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly shot out.
"Assassination …"
That bunch of fine sand streaked across Mu Xuerong's wrist, leaving a bloody scar on her white wrist. The curved blade also flew out of her hand under the impact of the sand.
Seeing this, Fang Henshao and Tang Wan wanted to take advantage of the situation to rush over.
"Pop, pop …"
Two black spears shot out and nailed themselves in front of the two of them.
After the black spears nailed themselves to the ground, time quickly passed in the circle of sand. The originally fine sand turned into flying ash …
The two of them stood there like zombies, motionless.
"Whoosh!"
Seeing the scimitar fly out of her hand, Mu Xuerong flipped over and once again exploded with a powerful force. She sent a knee strike straight at Luo Zheng's face!
She had almost exploded with all the power of the nine stars in her body. Not many people in the Realm of the Gods could withstand this attack.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng just raised his hand and casually blocked her knee.
Then, Luo Zheng took advantage of the momentum to lift Mu Xuerong up. Mu Xuerong's body flew backwards and fell to the ground!
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
Strands of sand flowed towards Mu Xuerong's legs and hands.
Even though she tried to get up from the ground with all her might, the strands of sand kept her firmly fixed to the ground.
Although Luo Zheng didn't have complete control over the imperial jade seal, after breaking through the first light membrane, Luo Zheng's control over this world wasn't much different from his own inner world. Since the Divine Dao couldn't be used in this world, the Paragons present had no chance of winning against him.
Mu Xuerong knelt on the ground, unable to even lift her arms.
"If we were outside, you wouldn't even be able to take a single blow from me!" She gritted her teeth and said.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. He slowly walked towards Mu Xuerong and squatted down. He reached out and grabbed her chin, lifting up her beautiful and angry face. "But here, you can't even take a single blow from me."
Mu Xuerong was forced to look up at Luo Zheng, at this True Divinity.
When had she ever been humiliated like this?
At this moment, her beautiful face was so angry that it was almost distorted. But under this distortion, it revealed a different kind of beauty.
If her shackles were released, she would probably pounce on Luo Zheng and swallow him whole …
"Actually … I'm not willing to let you go like this." Luo Zheng looked down at the face in his hand.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Paragons' eyes flashed …
They were well aware that their lives were already in Luo Zheng's hands.
Did these words mean that Luo Zheng was planning to let them go?
"As you said, if we were outside of this space-time, I would indeed be far from being your opponent." Luo Zheng stared at Mu Xuerong and continued, "But don't forget, I'm only a lower True Divinity. The future is long, and I believe that we will have a chance to meet again."
After saying this, he took back his hand.
With a gentle wave of his hand, the curtain of light with the black spear hanging outside the Temple of Heavenly Wheels disappeared.
At the same time, he pointed at the ground, and a colorful halo appeared.
"That's the passage to leave this place …"
"Does that mean you're planning to let us go?
The Paragons' faces were filled with surprise.
Before Luo Zheng stepped into the halo, he left behind a sentence. "I will arrange those light wheel insects in this halo. If you enter this passage within three days, you will be completely devoured by those insects. After three days, I will remove all the insects. You can leave, but take care of yourselves! "
After saying this, he stepped into the halo and disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
In the passage of time, the body would be pulled into an extremely special state. In this state, even Paragons could not fight against those insects.
Boom!
Tang Wan smashed her fist into the ground, creating a huge crater. Then she cursed, "Motherf * cker! Arrogant brat! If you fall into my hands one day, I will definitely make you regret it! "
Huala …
After Luo Zheng left, the sand binding Mu Xuerong slipped away.
She remained in a kneeling position, motionless. Her head was lowered, and her pitch-black hair covered her face, making it impossible to see her expression.
But drop after drop of blood dripped from her lips and merged with the sand …
Fang Henshao shook the fan in his hand and frowned as he looked at the colorful halo. "It seems that brat is under some kind of pressure and does not dare to kill anyone?"
Dongfang Taiqing, who had been silent all this time, nodded. "From the meaning of his words, he does not dare to kill us."
"Then he should have reached an agreement with the Sage Emperor and used our lives as a hostage to escape the sea of time?" Fang Henshao guessed, holding the fan.
Dongfang Taiqing shook his head. "Impossible, Father Emperor would not be threatened by a Lesser True God!"
"Then why did he let us go?" Fang Henshao asked curiously.
"Right now, we are trapped in this world and have received too little information. We do not know what has happened outside. Three days later … Let's talk about it after we get out," Dongfang Taiqing said, shaking his head.
After returning from the imperial jade seal, Luo Zheng said to Aunt Hanjiu, "The arrangements have been made. They will escape from this halo soon. We cannot stay here for long."
Three days in the imperial jade seal was equivalent to less than an hour in the divine realm.
Aunt Hanjiu nodded. She planned to take Luo Zheng and use greater teleportation to leave this place.
Luo Zheng took out a token. "Although the divine realm is vast, there are still some risks. Why don't we hide in the immortal estate first?"
Luo Zheng had been in the divine realm for so long, but he had not returned to the immortal estate.
Aunt Hanjiu looked at the "Gen" token in Luo Zheng's hand. She raised her eyebrows, revealing a trace of surprise. "Gu Bei's immortal estate in Takeshi Xuan Forest?"
Luo Zheng replied, "Hmm."
She thought for a moment, then nodded.
Although Gu Bei's immortal estate was not an unbreakable existence, it was indeed a good place to stay temporarily.
After seeing Aunt Hanjiu nod, he activated the "Gen" token in his hand.
The instant the token was activated, the surrounding space began to slowly vibrate …
The space in the divine realm was countless times stronger than the universe.
In the universe, he could hide in the immortal estate in an instant. It was very convenient. However, the "Gen" token in the divine realm was very difficult to break through space. After a full six or seven breaths of time, the "Gen" token pulled him and Aunt Hanjiu into a spatial tunnel.

Chapter 1975
After some time after Luo Zheng and Aunt Han Jiu left …
Ripples suddenly appeared in the colorful halo at the edge of the lake.
Following the ripples, Dongfang Taiqing leaped out of the ripples and stood firmly to the side.
He looked around with a surprised look in his eyes.
Then, Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, Mu Xuerong, Han Tianxiao, and the other Perfect True Gods also came out of the halo one by one …
"This is not the Sea of Time!" Tang Wan said as she looked at the lake.
Fang Henshao glanced at Tang Wan. "Nonsense."
"That brat should have escaped from the Sea of Time." Dongfang Taiqing frowned. "With his strength, it's impossible for him to escape from the Sea of Time …" Dongfang Taiqing took a few steps towards the lake. This black lake was too eye-catching.
Then, he reached his iron hand into the lake and gently tapped on the water.
The surface of the iron hand that was originally shining with silver light suddenly turned black. His eyes flashed and he said, "The Saint Emperor also attacked and injured someone with the Annihilation Hand. I don't know which Saint it is, but it should be this Saint who escaped with that kid …"
"You're saying that Saint Chun Jun attacked?" Fang Henshao's eyes flashed.
Dongfang Taiqing nodded. "This Saint was also seriously injured. I can't guess who it is."
"We'll know when we get back. We just don't know where we are in the Divine Territory. We have to find out first," Fang Henshao said.
The Divine Territory was too big. A Saint could travel freely in the Divine Territory, but a Perfect True God's teleportation distance was much shorter.
"Why aren't you saying anything?" Tang Wan glanced at Mu Xuerong.
During this time, Mu Xuerong's mood was very low. She didn't say a word …
"Swoosh!" Fang Henshao opened his fan and said, "A mere lower True God controlled the Imperial Jade Seal by luck. He was indeed arrogant for a while. Your state of mind won't be affected by this, right?"
True Gods in the Divine Territory who could cultivate to the Perfect True God's state of mind had been tempered thousands of times. Why would they take this humiliation to heart?
"No …"
Mu Xuerong looked at the sky, looked at the slowly drifting clouds in the sky, and continued, "When I entered the Imperial Jade Seal, I had a premonition that if I missed that chance, I might not be able to kill him again … In the future, I'm afraid that there won't be another chance."
Hearing this, Fang Henshao and Tang Wan laughed.
"How is that possible? Unless that brat has been hiding somewhere in God's Domain all this time, as long as he shows himself, he'll definitely die, "Tang Wan advised.
"Mm, if we meet again, I'll definitely kill him." Mu Xuerong's blood-colored Dao Essence slowly spread out from her eyes. The Dao Essence of the Killing God Dao flowed through her body, and a thick killing intent spread out …
…
…
Aunt Hanjiu stood in front of the gate and glanced around indifferently. She followed Luo Zheng into the Immortal Mansion.
Back then, Luo Zheng had sent Ning Yudie and the others into the immortal abode. It had only been a short while since he returned to the universe, and then he had snuck into the divine realm. It had only been about two years since he had arrived on the floating island from the Han Family ancestral land.
On one hand, he had sent his family members into the immortal abode for safety reasons. On the other hand, the immortal abode was located in Takeshi Xuan Forest, where the flow of time was synchronized with that of the divine realm.
If they had stayed in the universe, Luo Zheng would have spent two years in the divine realm, and tens of years would have passed in the universe.
In the side hall of the immortal abode …
Six golden Sanskrit characters were nailed to the wall.
In the center of the side hall, a handsome youth in white robes was holding a brush and writing on a piece of white paper spread out on the ground.
The youth's body was trembling, and beads of sweat rolled down his face. His white robes were completely soaked.
"Seal!"
After the youth shouted at the golden Sanskrit characters, it seemed to produce an extremely unique power. This power had a great effect on his mind, and he was practically shouting through gritted teeth.
After shouting this word, he bent down and wrote the word "seal" in a flamboyant and flamboyant manner.
The white paper under his feet was dozens of feet long, and there were already hundreds of words written on it …
After writing the word "seal," the youth's face became even more dispirited. However, he still gritted his teeth and wanted to shout the next word.
"Nian 'er! Nian 'er! Don't do it today! "
Outside the door of the side hall, Ning Yudie kept knocking on the door.
Mu Mingxue, Su Lingyun, Granny Yu, and the others were also full of concern.
However, the "Book Immortal" in the library stroked his beard and said calmly, "Haha, it's just a bit of mental exhaustion. At most, he'll faint. If he can really read these words, he'll benefit a lot! I don't even know how far he'll go! "
"What if he hurts his mind!" Ning Yudie said angrily.
The Book Immortal smiled and said, "The healing pills in the alchemy room aren't for show."
"Hurry up and open the door for me!"
Ning Yudie was very anxious to protect her son, so naturally, she was furious. She rushed forward and was about to grab the Book Immortal.
Although Ning Yudie's cultivation was at the Divine Ocean Realm, it was still not enough in front of the Book Immortal.
The old man's figure only floated for a while, and then he escaped far away. It was impossible to catch him.
"Afo!"
Ning Yudie turned to Afo.
Afo's expression was even calmer. He smiled and said, "Little master said that no one can enter without his permission."
"You!" Ning Yudie's expression froze.
The only master of this immortal residence was Luo Zheng. What did he mean by "little master"?
It was clear that Afo and the Book Immortal wanted Luo Nian to comprehend the true meaning of the Sanskrit words. That was too much.
At this moment, Fu's expression suddenly changed, and a look of joy appeared on his face. "Master is back!"
"Huh?" Ning Yudie paused.
Su Lingyun and Mu Mingxue also looked happy.
Granny Yu snorted. "He's been gone for years. That brat is finally willing to come back!"
That being said, the group headed straight for the gates of the immortal residence.
"Husband!"
Ning Yudie immediately saw Luo Zheng walking slowly towards them from the center of the square. Her face was full of joy.
Just as she was about to rush over, she noticed that there was a woman standing behind Luo Zheng, and the joy on her face froze.
The woman was tall and slender, and her features were dignified and charming. She was also a stunning beauty. More importantly, she exuded an extremely faint aura. Although it was extremely mild, it still made people feel a strong sense of fear.
Ning Yudie couldn't see through the woman's cultivation, but she faintly felt that she was the strongest person she'd ever seen.
What made Ning Yudie the most unhappy was that the woman's aura was vaguely similar to Xi Youqin's!
Granny Yu sensed Ning Yudie's expression. She slammed her walking stick on the ground and snorted coldly.
If she hadn't sensed that the woman's cultivation was terrifyingly strong, she would've already cursed Luo Zheng for bringing back this wild woman … …
Noticing the change in Ning Yudie's expression, Luo Zheng looked embarrassed.
How could Aunt Hanjiu not understand their reactions?
She just stood by Luo Zheng's side with a smile. With her status and bearing, she naturally wouldn't explain anything.
"Cough, Xiao Die, let me introduce you. This is my father's friend," Luo Zheng said.
Although Aunt Hanjiu didn't explicitly state her relationship with Luo Xiao, Luo Zheng could faintly understand the relationship. However, she was a saint after all. He couldn't just call her by some inexplicable title.
Hearing this, the women were slightly startled.
Their current cultivation was far from Luo Zheng's, but their horizons had always been broadened by Luo Zheng. They had a certain degree of understanding of the structure of the Domain of the Gods and the origin of the universe.

Chapter 1976
Luo Zheng's words exposed Aunt Hanjiu's seniority. Ning Yudie was also an extremely intelligent woman. Her heart lit up like a mirror.
She walked forward and bowed. "Little Die greets senior. How should I address senior?"
"Just call me Aunt Jiu," Aunt Hanjiu said with a faint smile.
"Hello, Aunty Jiu!" Ning Yudie greeted her sweetly.
Then Su Lingyun and Mu Mingxue bowed to Aunt Hanjiu one by one.
"Luo Zheng, you still have to introduce me," Aunt Hanjiu said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded and introduced Ning Yudie and the other girls to Aunt Hanjiu.
After his introduction, Aunt Hanjiu's lips curled into a faintly discernible smile. Thinking of Han Liusu's attitude on the floating island, she also secretly sighed in her heart. This guy was not any worse than his father ….
When Luo Zheng introduced Granny Yu, Granny Yu only nodded coldly at Aunt Hanjiu. She said dryly, "I am Ning Yudie's master. You are a friend of Luo Zheng's father. We are of the same generation. Naturally we don't need to be so formal."
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and said to Aunt Hanjiu, "Granny has always been like this."
Aunt Hanjiu didn't mind. She looked at the girls and said, "They haven't proven the Divine Dao. They can't truly step into the Divine Realm?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Of the three girls, Mu Mingxue and Ning Yudie's talents were about the same. Su Lingyun's talent was slightly weaker.
But back then, in the entire universe, there were only ten people who were able to open their lotuses and had the qualifications to attain the Divine Path. Now, in such a short period of time, even if they lived in the Immortal Mansion, it would not be so easy for them to become Divine Warriors.
"This is indeed a troublesome matter." Aunt Hanjiu's eyes narrowed slightly. She waved her hand lightly and three light green pills appeared in her hand. "This Enlightenment Golden Pill can greatly increase one's talent. Consider it a small gift for our first meeting. Please accept it."
"Increase talent?" Ning Yudie and the other girls were startled.
Aunt Hanjiu said, "Yes."
This Enlightenment Golden Pill was a Seven Revolution Golden Pill. Moreover, it was a Seven Revolution Golden Pill of high quality.
But this kind of pill was very rare even among rich and powerful families. The materials needed to refine it came from the Soul Desolate.
The Saints had many heirs, so they naturally chose those with the strongest talents.
However, some of the descendants of Saints had extremely special bloodlines, but their talent was relatively poor. Even if they were to prove the Divine Dao, it would be extremely difficult for them to obtain a Godhead. Thus, they would need to comprehend the Golden Core to increase their talent.
However, this kind of pill would only work once on a person.
The female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace all cultivated the Purple Cloud Divine Dao. Overall, their talent was weaker than the average Floating Island disciple. She naturally spent a lot of money to prepare a few Enlightenment Golden Pills in case she needed them. At this time, she wasn't stingy in the slightest and took them all out.
"This Enlightenment Golden Pill can't turn you into true geniuses of rich and powerful families, but it's enough for them to prove the Divine Dao," Aunt Hanjiu said.
The geniuses of rich and powerful families she was talking about were existences on the level of Mu Ning and Han Liusu.
"However, even if you prove the Divine Dao and condense a Godhood, I'm afraid you still won't be able to step into the Divine Realm. When the time comes, I'm afraid you'll have to think of another way," Aunt Hanjiu continued.
After Luo Zheng condensed a Godhood, he underwent a blood transfusion. That was how he was able to sneak out from the universe and escape the punishment of the Governing Slate.
If Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, and Mu Ming Nu really did become True Divinities, the moment they stepped out of Immortal Abode, they would violate the 833rd rule of the Governing Slate and be punished by the slate.
"If this pill can really help us comprehend the Divine Dao, Little Die will be extremely grateful. As for the rest, we'll just have to think about other things!" Ning Yudie smiled.
Proving the Divine Dao and becoming a True Divinity …
It was an unimaginable event in the universe.
Even the Celestial Venerables who rebuked the universe didn't have this qualification. Now that a mere Golden Pill had given them a chance, the three girls were naturally overjoyed.
"The Secondary Sage has returned to Immortal Abode. Afo also salutes him." Afo also came forward and bowed respectfully to Aunt Hanjiu.
Aunt Hanjiu had been to Immortal Abode before, so Afo naturally remembered.
Afo then led the group into the Immortal Abode …
Along the way, Aunt Hanjiu looked around. For her, it was like she was revisiting an old place, so she naturally sighed in her heart.
When Afo led the group into the main hall, a loud shout suddenly came from the side hall, followed by a "plop" sound, like someone had fallen down.
Hearing this, Ning Yudie's expression changed. She rushed to the side hall like a swallow and scolded at the same time, "I told you not to let Nian 'er force himself, but you just had to!"
The Book Immortal also opened the door to the side hall and rushed in, not even having time to greet Luo Zheng.
"Nian 'er? What happened to him? "
Luo Zheng frowned. The group also hurried into the side hall.
He saw a piece of white paper on the floor, with palm-sized words written on it. A young man in white was lying in Ning Yudie's arms. Luo Zheng was slightly relieved. It looked like he had just fainted.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and placed his hand on Luo Nian's forehead. Then, he gently pressed down. Strands of soul force slowly entered Luo Nian's mind.
When he touched Luo Nian's soul, a trace of shock appeared on his face. This little guy's soul had become so tyrannical in just two years?
Luo Nian's soul was so powerful that Luo Zheng was somewhat baffled.
In the past, Luo Zheng followed the Blue Soul Realm, Silver Soul Realm, Gold Soul Realm, and finally cultivated the Soul of a True God.
Luo Nian's soul didn't cultivate to such a level. His soul seemed to be purely powerful!
"It's just that his soul has been overdrawn. It's not injured," Luo Zheng said to Ning Yudie.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ning Yudie's face was still full of dissatisfaction. Her beautiful eyes were full of anger. She glared at the Immortal of Books not far away. "It's you! You let him immerse himself in these Sanskrit words every day! Sooner or later, he'll lose his life! "
She loved her child very much. Naturally, she didn't want Luo Nian to be hurt in the slightest. She also didn't want Luo Nian to take risks for something.
Aunt Hanjiu quietly paced in the side hall, a look of surprise on her face. "This child … can translate Sanskrit?"
The Immortal of Books came over to greet Aunt Hanjiu. Back then, Aunt Hanjiu had also borrowed Gu Bei's ancient books from the library. He could be considered acquaintances with her. Then the Immortal of Books laughed. "Secondary sage, don't underestimate this child! Master left behind so many Sanskrit words, and he's already translated 30% of them! "
"What!" Aunt Hanjiu's face was full of shock.
After so many divine epochs, there were quite a number of golden Sanskrit words circulating in the divine realm. Some of them had been translated, but they didn't have much value.
The truly rare Sanskrit words existed in all the great clans. Especially the rare Sanskrit words that were collected by saints. Not even a copy of them had been leaked …
But those rare Sanskrit words were extremely difficult to translate. So far, the rare Sanskrit words that had been completely translated were extremely rare. To decipher a Sanskrit word, it often required a lot of experience. Even so, sometimes the Sanskrit words translated were completely different. It was very absurd!
Gu Bei liked to travel in the primal chaos. Because of Jiu Sheng, the Sanskrit words he collected were extremely valuable. If one could really translate a passage, it would be an extraordinary existence. This child had actually translated 30% of it? Aunt Hanjiu found this hard to believe.
How could she not be shocked?
And when Aunt Hanjiu looked at the words that Luo Nian had translated, the shock on her face froze.

Chapter 1977
As a quasi-sage of the Realm of the Gods, Aunt Hanjiu was a peak existence in both strength and vision. There weren't many things that could shock her to this extent.
Luo Zheng looked curious. "True meaning of the Dao? What's that? "
Aunt Hanjiu didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. Her eyes swept back and forth along the words. The strange look in her eyes grew stronger and stronger, and there was even a hint of irrepressible joy in them.
After a while, she said, "Read along these words once."
"Read them once?" Luo Zheng didn't quite understand.
The Immortal of Books laughed mischievously. "This is very difficult to read. Even Little Master couldn't read it. I'm afraid Master can't …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was somewhat unconvinced.
Did the Immortal of Books mean that his son had already surpassed him in his heart?
"Then I'll give it a try!"
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the row of white paper, taking in all the words.
These words were translated by Luo Nian from the golden Sanskrit characters. Written with a brush, they could only be considered decent calligraphy if they stood alone.
But Luo Zheng swept his eyes over them and arranged them. A faint feeling of uneasiness arose in his heart, and his pupils dilated slightly.
"These words!"
He was actually a little dazed …
"Read them!" Aunt Hanjiu laughed.
Luo Zheng's pupils constricted slightly, and he began to read along the words.
"Dao follows nature. Eternal thoughts become eternal. Ten thousand laws follow nature. Don't comprehend ordinary laws. If …"
These sentences weren't difficult to pronounce.
However, when Luo Zheng read it out loud, he had a subtle feeling in his heart.
This feeling was very similar to when Luo Zheng cultivated the Divine Dao. These words hid a trace of a mysterious and complex foundation. But the foundation of this thing was even more complex than the Divine Dao.
At first, Luo Zheng was still able to read.
But after that, with each word he read, he felt the pressure on his body increase by a bit.
By the time he read a hundred words, his tongue felt a little numb. By the time he read two hundred words, his tongue began to tremble as if he were drunk, and his head began to swell. By the time he read five hundred words, he felt his soul shake …
Aunt Hanjiu watched Luo Zheng's reaction with a faint smile.
By the time Luo Zheng read eight hundred words, a faint trace of hallucination appeared.
He seemed to be in a sea of fire, standing naked in a world of ice and snow, clenching his teeth as he ran forward …
Every time he took a step forward, he had to go through great pain!
That kind of pain wasn't a specific soul attack or physical injury, but a kind of pressure on the spiritual level.
Luo Zheng clearly felt that the path he walked was very short, very short. He had only taken a small step forward, and the end of this path was boundless. However, the end of this path actually had a great attraction to him. It was as if he would pay any price to traverse this world!
When he gritted his teeth and read the 900th word, he felt a "boom" in his mind. It was as if something had smashed into his soul. He felt dizzy and took a few steps back before he could steady himself. He looked at those words with a face full of astonishment …
"Master, you were able to read nine hundred characters on your first try. That is already very impressive," said the Immortal in the Book with a smile. "However, Little Master is already able to read twelve hundred characters. Furthermore, Little Master is writing as he reads."
"What?" Luo Zheng opened his eyes wide.
Aunt Hanjiu was shocked again by the immortal's words. "You mean this child can read one thousand and two hundred words?"
The immortal smiled. "To be exact, one thousand two hundred and thirty-six words. That's the record that the little master just set!"
It turned out that Luo Nian had been deciphering those golden Sanskrit for the past few years.
The golden Sanskrit left by Gu Bei was very rich …
According to speculation, the origin of these golden Sanskrit came from creatures of a higher level.
No matter what kind of creature or tribe it was, it must have a complex culture. The golden Sanskrit didn't necessarily record cultivation methods. There were a lot of other things.
For example, the golden Sanskrit that Luo Nian had deciphered earlier recorded a boundless blue lake in the chaos.
The golden Sanskrit that Luo Nian had deciphered later was even more outrageous. There were even some strange recipes and strange adventures.
The value of these golden Sanskrit wasn't very high. It could only help them understand the creatures of a higher level.
But the six golden Sanskrit that hung on the wall of the side hall appeared at the same time. Luo Nian found something strange in the process of deciphering them. The six golden Sanskrit totalled six thousand and four hundred words. The words recorded in them didn't have much meaning individually, but when they were connected together, they were full of a special true meaning.
It was this true meaning that piqued Luo Nian and the others' interest.
In the beginning, Ning Yudie and the other girls also tried to read this paragraph of text, but they couldn't go on after reading sixty or seventy words.
Only Luo Nian could persevere and read all the way to three hundred words. But after three hundred words, the pressure he faced increased sharply. If he continued to comprehend the true meaning of these words, he would directly pass out …
Ning Yudie pitied her son, so there was some dispute between them. She didn't want Luo Nian to comprehend these strange words.
However, Afo and the immortal supported Luo Nian to persevere.
Luo Nian gradually figured out some of the rules after repeated attempts. Now, he could write and read one word at a time. He could already read more than twelve hundred words. His perseverance was amazing!
"How is this possible … I feel that Nian 'er's soul is indeed much stronger than ordinary people's. He can't possibly persevere until this step!"
Luo Zheng couldn't understand.
When Aunt Hanjiu saw Luo Zheng's confused expression, she smiled and said, "Because this True Meaning of Dao is not a test of the strength of your soul, nor is it a cultivation of your soul's ability. It is to help you comprehend your own Dao."
"My own Dao?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
A look of yearning appeared on Aunt Hanjiu's face, and her voice also became ethereal. "The Dao is the path. In the universe, all martial artists hope to climb to the peak of martial arts, and walk to the end of the martial arts. You have reached the end."
Hearing this, Ning Yudie, Mu Mingxue and the other girls were silent.
They were now only in the Divine Sea Realm. There was still some distance before they could complete this martial arts path.
Whether it was in the universe or in the Realm of the Gods, the end of martial arts was the Realm Lord. In other words, warriors who had proven divinity.
After reaching this step, they had to step onto the next level, the Divine Dao, and cultivate to become a True God.
"Then what lies beyond the end of the Divine Dao?" Aunt Hanjiu suddenly stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Saints," Luo Zheng replied.
Hearing this, Aunt Hanjiu shook her head and said firmly, "No."
"There are existences stronger than Saints?" Luo Zheng was confused.
Through the clues he'd found, Luo Zheng knew that there were existences of a higher level in the Primal Chaos.
But as Sage Jiu said, he didn't even know what those existences looked like. To put it simply, he didn't know whether they were humans or ghosts. He couldn't even be sure if they really existed.
Sage Jiu had studied the golden Sanskrit characters deeply. His understanding of the Primal Chaos was probably above Aunt Hanjiu's.
Even some of his master, the North Sage's travels had indicated that the entire Chaos was empty.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's concept of the world was limited to the vast Realm of the Gods. He had never imagined that there were existences stronger than Saints in this world …

Chapter 1978
"At the end of the Shinto Dao is a boundless ocean …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. His gaze also fell on those words written by Luo Nianshu.
Just now, when he was silently reciting these words, he indeed felt a very wonderful feeling.
It was precisely that feeling that was oppressing him, causing his soul to be unable to support itself. Was that the so-called True Meaning of Dao?
"In other words, there are also many kinds of True Meaning of Dao? Similar to the Shinto Dao? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing this, Aunt Hanjiu shook her head, "It's exactly the opposite …"
The Domain of the Gods had existed for countless years.
After the Sages cultivated the Shinto Dao to the extreme and constructed their own universe, they began to explore the primal chaos outside the Domain of the Gods, hoping to have a greater breakthrough.
Some of the Sages traveled through the primal chaos, only to discover that it was an empty world.
That place was boundless, with only grayish-brown primal chaos energy. They couldn't find any extraterrestrial civilization.
A few of the more persistent Sages even spent dozens or even hundreds of Divine Epochs to wander an astonishing distance in the primal chaos, but still found nothing. In the end, they could only return resentfully.
The exploration of space was like this, and so was the exploration of the Shinto Dao.
After cultivating the exploration of the Shinto Dao to perfection, the Shinto Dao had actually reached the end. Looking further, it was simply an ocean of nothingness. All the Sages at perfection were unable to obtain any comprehension from that ocean of nothingness.
Therefore, the Shinto Dao in the Domain of the Gods began to develop horizontally. All kinds of bizarre and bizarre "Outer Dao Divine Abilities", even to the extent of cultivating dual godhoods, fusing the Shinto Dao, and so on.
Apart from this, there were no other breakthroughs …
"Afterwards, the Yan Family's Secondary Sage 'Yan Xi' inadvertently obtained two golden Sanskrit characters of the same group. These two golden Sanskrit characters were quite rare. The Yan Family spent a lot of time and not a small price to finally decipher these two golden Sanskrit characters and comprehend the True Meaning of Dao within …" Aunt Hanjiu said at the same time, "But for some unknown reason, the Yan Family leaked this information, which led to the extermination of their family."
"The Yan Clan had a quasi-sage, yet he was still exterminated?" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air.
Aunt Hanjiu nodded. "In fact, the True Meaning of the Dao recorded in the two golden Sanskrit tablets that Yan Xi deciphered should be incomplete fragments, but it's still enough to shake the entire Divine Realm. After all, such a small amount of True Meaning of the Dao is enough to allow a Saint to take another step forward in the Divine Dao. The Yan Clan doesn't have a Saint, so they can't be considered a rich and powerful clan. Moreover, Yan Xi is only a Second Saint, so killing him is relatively easy."
"Then … who destroyed the Yan Family?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Dongfang family, the Leng family, and the Fang family," Aunt Hanjiu replied.
"As expected." Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly.
After Auntie Han Jiu finished speaking, her gaze once again fell onto those flamboyant and flamboyant words. Her gentle eyes faintly revealed a look of excitement. "Right now in the God Domain, just how many sets of heart sutras to cultivate true meaning are there? But in the outside world, there are only about five sets that are known to the public. And these five sets are all incomplete and incomplete! I wonder if this set of heart sutras in front of us is the complete set. If it is, then its value is immeasurable … "
The Saints indeed stood at the peak of the God Domain. But for those who had cultivated to this level, who didn't wish to reach the highest level of enlightenment and take another step forward?
After they had crossed over to the Divine Dao, they suddenly lost their reference point. Their cultivation could no longer advance. It was as if they had fallen into a vast ocean. No matter how hard they swam, they were unable to move forward. Suddenly discovering these True Meanings of the Dao, how could the Saints not pay attention to them?
Even those incomplete sets were enough for them to take action and exterminate clans.
If a heart sutras of True Meanings appeared for cultivation, who knew what kind of madness it would cause?
But in front of them, Luo Nian had only written a little more than a thousand words. Aunt Hanjiu didn't know if this heart sutra was the complete set …
"These six golden Sanskrit tablets form a set of 9,673 words. I have deciphered them one by one. Naturally, this is the complete set." At this moment, a slightly childish voice sounded.
"Nian 'er is awake!"
Only then did Ning Yudie discover that Luo Nian, who was in her arms, had quietly opened his eyes.
"Nian 'er!"
Luo Zheng's expression lit up as he opened his mouth to call out.
After Luo Nian got up, he stepped forward and respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng. He opened his mouth to call out, "Father!"
The sixteen year old Luo Nian had already grown to seven feet tall, not much shorter than Luo Zheng.
This youth had already washed away his naughtiness and had become very determined. Under Ning Yudie's teachings, he had already learned to be educated and reasonable. Since childhood, he had spent little time with Luo Zheng. In the end, they had become somewhat estranged. But he was still very happy to see his father again.
Aunt Hanjiu sized up Luo Nian and also opened her mouth to say with a smile, "Luo Zheng, your son's value is much greater than yours."
Hearing the Secondary Sage's evaluation, Ning Yudie, Granny Yu, and the others all had happy expressions.
Just from this complete True Meanings of the heart sutra, Aunt Hanjiu's words were not wrong.
After all, Luo Zheng's strength was not enough to change the situation. But if this complete heart sutra were to spread, it would most likely be able to turn the entire divine realm into a complete mess!
"And who is this big sister?" Luo Nian suddenly stared at Aunt Hanjiu and asked.
In terms of seniority, Aunt Hanjiu was someone of Luo Nian's "grandfather's generation." In terms of age, she was simply not worth mentioning.
Hearing Luo Nian call himself this, Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. He laughed and said, "Nian 'er, don't be rude. You should call …" Luo Zheng originally wanted him to call her Granny, but on second thought, it was not quite right. Even if Hanbiluo and Luo Nian were about the same age, she would still call her Aunt Jiu.
But if Luo Nian called her Aunt Jiu, the seniority would be messed up …
"Don't mind this." Aunt Hanjiu waved her hand. "Just call me Aunt Jiu. Little genius, can you write down the entire text for Aunt Jiu to see?"
At Luo Nian's age, he had always been trapped in Immortal Mansion and rarely had the opportunity to go out. Naturally, he liked to hear others praise him.
Although he could not sense Aunt Hanjiu's cultivation, he could faintly sense that this woman was not an ordinary person. He nodded and walked to the side. Picking up an ink brush, he walked over to the white paper spread out on the ground.
"Nian 'er, do you want to take a break first?" Ning Yudie asked.
Luo Nian had a look of disapproval as he said, "It's not like mother doesn't know these words. As long as I don't read them or think about them, I'll be fine …"
The first time Luo Nian deciphered the golden Sanskrit characters, he had discovered the mysteries of this set of golden Sanskrit characters. If these strange characters were not linked together, reading them together would not be a problem. But once they were linked together, it would make him dizzy.
So every time he wrote, Luo Nian would decipher the golden Sanskrit characters one by one. This way, he had no pressure at all.
Luo Nian held the brush in his hand, his expression very serious. Comparing the six golden Sanskrit characters, he began to write on the white paper like a dragon flying and a phoenix dancing …
"Swish swish swish …"
In the side hall, everyone was silent. They could only watch as the white-clothed youth moved his brush like a knife, moving clouds and flowing water.
About half an hour later, over ten thousand characters were displayed one by one in front of everyone.
Seeing his son like this, Luo Zheng was very pleased.
After Luo Nian finished writing, Aunt Hanjiu finally could not hold back. Looking at Luo Zheng, she said, "Nian 'er, could you let me take a look at this True Meaning Heart Sutra that you wrote?"
Before Luo Zheng could answer, Luo Nian curled his lips in dissatisfaction and said, "This True Meaning Heart Sutra was written by me. Aunt Jiu, you should be asking me!"
Seeing Luo Nian's expression, Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly. "Alright, may I ask if Nian 'er can let me take a look?"
"Of course I can. I'm not that stingy." Luo Nian shrugged. "But I'll only give you something in return."

Chapter 1979
A sly smile emerged on Luo Nian's face, and there was a hint of pride within it.
Looking at Luo Nian's mischievous expression, Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. When he was 16 years old, his mentality was much heavier than Luo Nian's.
It was all because of the pressure his father gave him, and that was why he was able to carry this pressure all the way.
Luo Nian wasn't part of his father's plan, and if he could grow up happily, that would be one of Luo Zheng's biggest wishes.
"Benefits?" Aunt Han Jiu's smile grew wider, then she asked, "What do you want? If I have it, I'll give it to you!"
Hearing this, Luo Nian quickly thought of something. "I want a spear!"
"A spear?"
Luo Zheng was startled.
Ning Yudie shrugged, then she turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Your son is obsessed with practicing spear skills, and he often goes to the Cultivation Tower to spar with Xun."
"He can spar with Xun?" Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with surprise.
In the past, Luo Zheng didn't notice that Luo Nian had the talent to practice martial arts. Even now, Luo Nian had just broken through to the Divine Core realm, and there was still a long way to go before he could break through the Life and Death realm and expand his Divine Sea.
In the past, Luo Zheng had too little resources, and he had to fight for everything himself.
But before Ning Yudie and the others entered the Immortal Abode, they had made ample preparations, and they could freely use the resources in the Immortal Abode.
Therefore, Luo Nian's cultivation speed wasn't fast, it was actually very slow …
"It's just a spar." Ning Yudie said with a smile on her face.
"Even if it's just a spar, I don't think it's possible." Luo Zheng looked at Luo Nian and said.
Xun's spear skills weren't complicated, but when she used them, they were terrifying. It was impossible for them to spar.
"Dad, you're always looking down on me!" Luo Nian wasn't happy. He stared at Luo Zheng, "If it wasn't for Aunt Xun's amazing spear, I might have been able to beat her! I even asked Shenzi Shenzi to forge a few spears for me, but none of them are as good as Aunt Xun's! "
"Is that true?" Luo Zheng still looked doubtful.
Smoke's Sacred Slaughter Spear was a sacred item of the Yao Night clan. No matter how good a spear Lian Shenzi made, it wouldn't be able to compete with Smoke's Sacred Slaughter Spear.
"Humph!" Luo Nian just snorted, as if it was beneath him to explain to Luo Zheng.
Aunt Hanjiu then said, "I don't use weapons. I have some guns in my hands, but …"
As she spoke, she waved her hand gently, and six or seven spears appeared in a row. At the same time, she flicked her fingertips, and wisps of purple mist coiled around these spears, suspending them in the air.
The Second Saint was extremely wealthy. All of these spears were graded grandmist treasures, and the aura exuding from the tip of the spear was extremely powerful.
Ning Yudie, Granny Yu, and Mu Mingxue didn't use spears, but when they saw these spears, their eyes burned with passion. They naturally hoped that Luo Nian would choose a good spear.
"But, I don't think Nian 'er can handle the weight of these spears." Aunt Hanjiu continued.
The materials in the Divine Realm were many times heavier than the materials in the universe. Even a Divine Realm warrior would find it difficult to handle these spears, let alone Luo Nian who was only a Divine Core warrior.
After that, Aunt Hanjiu waved her hand again, and a crystal blue spear appeared in front of everyone. She gently pushed the spear, and it slowly floated towards Luo Nian. "This Spatial Divine Spear is weightless, and it should be suitable for Nian 'er. But, because it's weightless, it doesn't feel comfortable. It will take some time for him to get used to it!"
Looking at the slowly floating spear, Luo Nian grabbed it with his hand.
"Swoosh!
Swoosh! "He casually swung the light spear like a windmill. The tip of the spear danced in the air, and it seemed like it was going to tear the surrounding space apart.
"Alright! Deal! I'll allow you to see the True Intent cultivation method! "Luo Nian smiled, then he grabbed the spear and dashed out of the side hall." I'm going to find Aunt Xun. "
Since Aunt Hanjiu wanted to see the True Intent cultivation method, everyone else left the side hall.
After closing the side hall's door, Luo Zheng asked, "Oh right, where is Nian 'er going to find Xun to practice with the spear? Why haven't I seen her? "
Xun was the only person Luo Zheng hadn't seen since his return.
"She's cultivating in the Cultivation Tower." Ning Yudie glanced at Luo Zheng, then answered.
No matter if it was Su Lingyun, Ning Yudie, Yang, or Xun, they all had their own personalities. They were waiting for Luo Zheng here, and their relationship was quite harmonious.
But, there was still some friction between them, and it was impossible for them to be as harmonious as best friends.
However, Mu Mingxue was an exception.
Therefore, no matter if it was Mu Mingxue, Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, or Su Lingyun, her relationship with them was very good. Even Luo Nian was the closest to Mu Mingxue.
As for Xun …
Her presence in Immortal Mansion was quite low.
She spent most of her time in the Cultivation Tower. Occasionally, she would come out, but she would only exchange a few simple words, ask if Luo Zheng had returned, and then return to the Cultivation Tower …
Luo Nian was somewhat curious about Xun. Very accidentally, he entered the Cultivation Tower and saw Xun brandishing a double-tipped spear like a dragon emerging from the sea. The curious Luo Nian had a trace of interest in practicing the spear. Therefore, even though he originally had no interest in martial arts, he also began to cultivate.
When Luo Zheng pushed open the Cultivation Tower's door, he heard the sound of something breaking through the air.
"Aunt Xun, I got a good spear today. If I exchange moves with you, it shouldn't be damaged!"
Luo Zheng saw Luo Nian brandishing the Sky Domain Spear vigorously and rushing to the other side.
On the other side, a tall and exquisite figure brandished the Holy Slaughter Spear, and with a light turn, blocked Luo Nian's spear with an extremely straightforward move. The two spears attacked several times in an instant, and a crisp sound constantly reverberated on the first floor of the Cultivation Tower.
"How's Nian 'er's spear skills?"
Ning Yudie's small white hand quietly grabbed Luo Zheng's arm and smiled.
"Her understanding of spear intent is indeed good," Luo Zheng nodded unconsciously.
Xun suppressed her cultivation and could indeed suppress Luo Nian purely by exchanging moves. However, Luo Nian's every move had its merits, far exceeding Luo Zheng's expectations.
"Ding ding dang dang …"
As the spears crossed, Luo Nian was very proud, "This spear won't be damaged so easily! Hehe, this spear should be more powerful than Aunt Xun's spear! "
Although Luo Nian was a child and his cultivation was far from enough, her character was very serious. Concentrating on exchanging moves with Luo Nian, she didn't pay attention to the door. She asked curiously, "That guy Lian Shenzi's refining skills improved so quickly? This spear … can't be refined by him, right? "
Previously, Lian Shenzi had forged seven or eight spears for Luo Nian, and Luo Nian couldn't protect the spear with vital essence. Under the destruction of Xun's Holy Spear of Massacre, it wouldn't take long for the spear to break or for the spear tip to collapse …
Luo Zheng's casual stab with the spear faintly showed signs of piercing through the surrounding space!
This was the Realm of the Gods. Even Xun couldn't do this, but Luo Nian could easily do it. The spear in his hand was no ordinary item. It was even far superior to Xun's Holy Spear of Massacre.
"That guy doesn't have this ability," Luo Nian said, curling his lips. "Aunt Jiu gave it to me! Hehe! "
"Aunt Jiu? Someone from the mansion came? "Xun was slightly surprised.
"Yes, my father brought it back!" Luo Nian continued.
Hearing this, Xun almost subconsciously looked towards the door. How could she still be in the mood to exchange moves with Luo Nian?
With this glance, she saw Luo Zheng at the door, and her body stiffened slightly.
At this time, Luo Nian's spear had already reached its limit and couldn't be pulled back.
Xun pursed her lips and revealed a pure smile. She didn't even look at the spear. With a clever twist of her hand, she grabbed the tip of the spear and pulled it out of Luo Nian's hand. The spear flew to the side and hit the wall with a "ding".
"Aunt Xun, you cheated …" Luo Nian saw this scene and felt wronged.
Xun ignored Luo Nian. She turned into a gust of wind and rushed towards Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1980
She rushed towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. Her perfect and flawless body was extremely resilient, and she threw Luo Zheng out of the Cultivation Pagoda in one move.
Ning Yudie pulled Luo Zheng's hand away.
Everyone's expressions were different …
Su Lingyun saw how unrestrained Xun was and covered her mouth with her hand in surprise.
Luo Nian's mouth was wide open as he stared blankly at the scene outside.
Ning Yudie's delicate eyebrows were tightly knitted together, and then she showed an angry expression. She rushed into the Cultivation Pagoda and closed the door with a bang. At the same time, she reprimanded, "What are you looking at, little kid!"
"I didn't mean to see it," Luo Nian pouted, unconvinced. "Besides, I'm already sixteen …"
Luo Nian grew up in the Cloud Hall. At that time, he still had some playmates from the Cloud Hall.
Later, Luo Zheng was worried and brought Luo Nian into Immortal Mansion. His days weren't so good.
Although he was obsessed with deciphering Sanskrit and practicing the spear, fifteen or sixteen years old was still a hot-blooded age. He had reached the age of first awakening of love and was full of curiosity about everything in this world. He always hoped to explore outside Immortal Mansion.
He mentioned it a few times, but Ning Yudie refused because he was too young.
In fact, Luo Nian didn't have the ability to leave Immortal Mansion …
If Immortal Mansion's enchantment opened, they would all need to hide in the Cultivation Pagoda. Otherwise, they would disintegrate into true essence and disappear from this world.
This was the limitation of secondary life forms. Without great magical power, it was impossible to get rid of it. Even Luo Zheng had to earnestly comprehend Shinto before sneaking in. Luo Nian couldn't go to the Realm of the Gods.
And returning to Huan Yu wasn't a simple matter.
Now that the node of the immortal estate's teleportation was bound to Luo Zheng's Gen Token, if he wanted to enter the Grand Yan Universe, he would have to cross a vast distance and find the entrance to the Grand Yan Universe.
It could be said that the moment Ning Yudie and the others entered Immortal Mansion, it was equivalent to stepping onto an "isolated island". If they left Immortal Mansion, they wouldn't be able to survive.
… …
The Yao Night clan didn't have as many etiquette and rules as humans, and Xun lacked the restraint of a woman.
She missed Luo Zheng, so naturally, she would find ways to express it.
For example, she was like an octopus wrapped around Luo Zheng, completely ignoring other people's gazes.
When Su Lingyun, Mu Mingxue, and the other girls saw this, they blushed shyly and looked away.
Clang, clang, clang …
For some reason, Refined Shenzi left the forging workshop for the first time. When he saw Luo Zheng return to the immortal abode, his metal head glowed faintly. He had something to say to Luo Zheng, but after noticing this, he silently retreated back into the forging workshop.
Granny Yu, who was not far away, saw this scene and was just as angry as Ning Yudie, carefully muttering to herself, "No matter how thirsty you are, you shouldn't do it in broad daylight. How improper, how improper …"
. "" I don't want this body anymore, "Xun whispered into Luo Zheng's ear as she tightly clung to him.
Luo Zheng paused, then immediately understood what Xun meant. He slowly sat up and hugged Xun, smiling, "What nonsense are you saying?"
"This body is an obstacle to me. It doesn't have any meaning anymore," Xun said.
Xun had been attached to Luo Zheng's body in the form of a remnant soul, attaching herself to his sword spirit body. She had accompanied Luo Zheng for a period of time and experienced countless trials and tribulations.
The first time she was separated from Luo Zheng, she wasn't used to it, and this time, it had been even longer …
In order to obtain a chance to enter Divine Realm.
For the past two years, she had been cultivating like crazy in the Cultivation Pagoda.
She was a Realm Lord, and the martial path she cultivated was originally focused on killing. She wanted to rely on her own comprehension to comprehend the Killing God Dao.
However, she lacked a few prerequisites, so it was difficult for her to truly step onto this Dao.
Moreover, even if she did cultivate a godhead, she wouldn't be able to leave Immortal Mansion. As long as she left Immortal Mansion, she would be punished by the slate. This was because she was only a secondary life form.
This made Xun extremely unwilling!
"How could it not have any meaning, silly," Luo Zheng stretched out a finger and tapped Xun's forehead.
Xun's demonic red eyes were still so serious, "It's only meaningful if I accompany you, so my soul is enough. I have to think of a way to deal with my physical body!"
Seeing that Xun seemed to be speaking the truth, Luo Zheng hurriedly persuaded her, "That won't do. Moreover, your soul is also a secondary life form. Even if it hides in my body, I'm afraid it will still disintegrate …"
"Then teach me the Divine Dao, let me enter the Divine Realm, let me stay by your side, or you don't have to leave, just stay in the Immortal Abode …" Her thoughts were not complicated, and she said whatever she wanted, so she spoke without fear like a child.
Looking at Xun's innocent appearance, a trace of restlessness slowly surged in Luo Zheng's heart.
In terms of mental state, Luo Zheng was naturally able to restrain his desires with ease. However, after returning to Immortal Mansion with great difficulty, Luo Zheng's mental state also completely relaxed.
However, it was broad daylight, and he and Xun weren't the only two people in Immortal Mansion. In the end, there had to be some decorum …
For several days, Aunt Hanjiu didn't leave the side hall. She had been comprehending the True Meaning mental cultivation method that Luo Nian had deciphered.
For a mighty figure like a quasi-sage to comprehend it, perhaps an instant would be enough. Perhaps several years wouldn't be enough. Even seclusion for one or two divine eras was common. Luo Zheng also instructed that no one was to disturb her.
Luo Zheng was also extremely interested in that True Meaning of the Dao.
However, since he had returned this time, he wasn't in a hurry. At most, it wouldn't be a problem to let Luo Nian write another one.
This period of time was also quite fulfilling for Luo Zheng. During the day, he taught Luo Nian martial arts. If Luo Nian had some questions, Luo Zheng would naturally answer them one by one. In addition, Luo Nian also gave Luo Zheng the contents of some golden Sanskrit characters that he had deciphered in the past few years.
The contents of those golden Sanskrit characters were extremely strange and varied. Among them, the most valuable was undoubtedly the mental cultivation method of the True Meaning of the Dao. However, some of the other contents gave Luo Zheng a general understanding of "creatures of a higher level".
In the past, those creatures of a higher level were almost unimaginable. What kind of shape they were, and what kind of state they existed in, were completely unfathomable.
However, according to the contents of those golden Sanskrit characters, Luo Zheng found that these creatures of a higher level weren't as mysterious as he had imagined. In their world, there were also temples and complex social relationships. Similarly, they could also die. They also had experts, a heart of reverence for experts, and so on.
Luo Nian also exchanged some of his views with Luo Zheng. Although the little guy's cultivation wasn't deep, he had benefited a lot from the library. His knowledge was so extensive that even many true gods who had lived for many divine eras couldn't compare to him.
As night fell, Luo Zheng paced back and forth in the land of warmth and tenderness.
On the first day, he had offended Ning Yudie. She had ignored Luo Zheng for an entire day. Her jealousy couldn't be changed. However, Luo Zheng had to coax her for a long time before her tears turned into laughter …
… …
… …
The Far East of the Divine Realm.
In the boundless desert, dozens of people draped in black cloaks were rapidly moving forward.
These people were all middle true gods … …
The person in the lead had a long sword hanging on his back. He was tall and straight, and his steps were steady.
Under the lead of the person in the lead, they discovered a sinkhole that was millions of feet deep in the desert.
After everyone slid down the sinkhole, a series of surprised voices came from the people in the black cloaks.
"It's the Bone Jade Divine City … …"
"The entire Bone Jade Divine City has fallen. What in the world happened?"
After the person in the lead slid down to the bottom of the sinkhole, he lifted the hood on his head, revealing a face full of heroic spirit. He glanced at the fallen Bone Jade Divine City and said indifferently, "Let's find the stone tablet first."

Chapter 1981
In the divine territory, there would occasionally be conflicts between wealthy families and large families, but it was rare for a large-scale war to break out.
The wealthy families in the Sea of Time would maintain the stability of the entire divine territory …
There were many divine cities in the divine territory, and most of them were controlled by second-and third-tier families. These first-tier and second-tier families usually belonged to those wealthy families.
Therefore, the wealthy families in the divine territory controlled 90% of the divine cities through these first-tier and second-tier families.
Bone Jade City, which had fallen into the huge pit, was a medium-sized divine city. It was protected by a Hundred Commandments Slate. Bone Jade City was originally controlled by the second-tier family, He Family.
The He Family had to pay Shenwu Coins to the first-tier family, Lu Family, every year.
As for Lu Family, it was a first-tier family at the foot of the Fusang Divine Tree.
East Pole Fusang.
The sun rose from the east. Every day, the sun would rise above the Fusang Divine Tree as usual.
As one of the four divine trees in the divine territory, this one trillion feet tall divine tree had experienced countless changes over the years.
Now, the Fusang Divine Tree was occupied by the Dongfang Family.
With the Fusang Divine Tree as their backing, the entire Dongfang Family controlled hundreds of regions, tens of thousands of divine cities, countless divine citizens, martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods, and True Gods …
Even some first-tier families with quasi-sages had to submit!
No one dared to offend the Dongfang Family's territory.
The Bone Jade Divine City was nothing, but the fact that the entire Divine City had suddenly disappeared still attracted the attention of the Dongfang Family.
Therefore, this group of people was sent to explore …
"Let's observe first," a middle-level True God in the group said carefully as he observed the surroundings.
"Yes, who knows what kind of power caused this divine city to fall!"
Even if a divine city fell, it was impossible to kill all the True Gods. Although most True Gods could not fly, it was rare for them to be injured in such a collapse.
But now, this Bone Jade City was terrifyingly quiet …
The sunlight refracted from above the pit covered the divine city like a veil. Under the light, the situation inside the divine city could not be seen clearly. Instead, it added a bit of mystery and strangeness.
"There's no need to observe. Let's hurry up." The young man in the lead turned around and smiled brightly.
Someone in the team was unhappy. Another middle-level true god pulled down his hood and said with a sullen face, "Sky Sword, the orders from above cannot be disobeyed. This is your first mission and you are acting on your own. Aren't you afraid of punishment?"
The middle True God called Sky Sword turned his head and smiled. He shook his head and said, "Don't be afraid." After saying that, his figure flashed. He dragged the black cloak and turned into a black shadow. He leaped up and entered the Bone Jade City through a crack in the city wall.
"Should we follow them too?"
"That brat Sky Sword is a little strange …"
"Don't care about him. I'll sue him when I get back!"
The other middle true gods hesitated outside the city wall for a while before they jumped onto the city wall and entered the Bone Jade Divine City. However, they could no longer find Sky Sword.
After the Middle Real God named Sky Sword entered the Bone Jade Holy City, the smile on his face disappeared and it was replaced with vigilance and seriousness.
"Sou!"
With a sudden leap, he jumped to the top of a building, then he raised his index finger and narrowed his eyes.
The effect of the stone slab was circular and spread out in all directions.
Therefore, almost all the stone slabs were placed in the center of the city. Moreover, most of the cities in the Divine Territory were circular. This way, they could maximize the coverage of the stone slabs.
"The distance … is enough."
After he finished measuring, he muttered to himself.
Then, he took out a small fire starter from his hand.
This fire starter's shape was very unique. It did not look like it was made of wood. Instead, it looked like a yellow metal.
"Fuse!"
A flame lit up in Sky Sword's hand and it lit up at the tip of the fire starter.
"Crackle crackle crackle …"
The metal-like fire starter started to burn and it exploded slightly. At the same time, it turned into a strange oily green light …
The moment Sky Sword lit up the fire starter, he turned into a gust of wind and rushed toward the center of the Bone Jade Divine City!
Along the way, he nimbly jumped up and down among the buildings of various shapes.
"Ge …"
"Ge …"
After he rushed out, some of the things hidden in the Bone Jade Divine City began to stir.
If one looked carefully, they would notice that there were countless black and red centipedes in the cracks on the walls.
Even if the weak light refracted on these centipedes, it could still reflect the gorgeous colors on their shells. The poison contained in these centipedes was a fatal threat even to true gods.
It was obvious that these black and red centipedes wanted to swarm Sky Sword and devour him completely.
However, they seemed to be extremely afraid of the fire starter in Sky Sword's hand. Not only did they not charge at him, they all avoided him …
After a few dozen breaths, Sky Sword arrived at the center of the Divine City as he ran at full speed.
With a leap, he stepped into the pavilion in the center of the Divine City. He aimed at one of the walls and smashed it into smithereens.
Behind the wall was a roofless patio. Countless black and red centipedes were gathered in the patio.
Sky Sword tossed the fire starter in his hand into the patio and jumped in after them.
"Sha sha sha sha sha …"
Those black and red centipedes crawled in all directions and disappeared completely in the blink of an eye.
A green stone slab appeared at the bottom of the patio …
"Bang!"
Sky Sword stood firmly at the bottom of the patio and looked at the stone slab with a hint of joy in his eyes.
The Ten Commandments Stone Slab, Hundred Commandments Stone Slab, and Thousand Commandments Stone Slab were all very special weapons. As long as the rules on the stone slab were modified to protect oneself, one could use the power of the stone slab to fight against enemies. However, most people who obtained these stone slabs would hand them over to their family and use them to build a Divine City.
Only a Divine City could continuously earn Shenwu Coins. It was a waste to use these stone slabs as weapons.
After Sky Sword found the stone slab, he did not pull it out from the ground. The joy in his eyes gradually changed and a hint of hunger and greed flashed in the depths of his eyes. He then hugged the stone slab and began to gnaw on it!
The origins of all the stone slabs in the Divine Territory were unknown.
The golden Sanskrit that he had deciphered did not have any clues about these stone slabs.
Moreover, these stone slabs could not be refined or cut.
Over countless Divine Epochs, not even a single Ten Commandments Stone Slab had been destroyed!
However, Sky Sword bit down on the stone slab and actually bit off a piece of it. He put it in his mouth and chewed quickly before forcefully swallowing it.
The fire extinguished and the black and yellow centipedes crawled forward again. Seeing this, Sky Sword lit another fire extinguisher and continued to eat the Hundred Commandments Stone Slab …
"Ah!"
A series of screams rang out in the Bone Jade City.
After those intermediate True Gods entered the city, they were attacked by those black and red centipedes.
The poison of these centipedes was extremely terrifying. Once bitten, even an intermediate True God would not be able to last more than a few breaths …
In the blink of an eye, more than twenty intermediate True Gods were poisoned and died.
Countless centipedes formed a sea of black and red, blocking their path of retreat.
Their only way out was the path that Sky Sword had opened with the fire extinguisher. The remaining True Gods could only mindlessly charge toward the center of the Bone Jade City.
In the end …
Only one intermediate True God managed to shake off the centipedes and charged toward the central pavilion of the Divine City, passing through the wall.
When he lowered his head, he saw an unbelievable scene.
"Sky Sword, you, what are you eating …"
Half of the Hundred Commandments Slate had already been gnawed away by the Sky Sword. He raised his head and smiled, "Slate, do you want some?"
"You, who exactly are you?!" That middle True God seemed to have realized something.
"So what if you know? You can't go back anyway …" Sky Sword shook his head and continued to gnaw on the stone slab.

Chapter 1982
After a short while, Sky Sword finished swallowing the stone slab, dusted his hands, and stood up.
Looking at the corpse of the middle-level True God, his heroic eyes revealed a hint of helplessness …
Everything that had happened before him was contrary to his nature.
But since he'd already stepped onto this path, his conviction had already transformed into iron, and it was impossible for him to be shaken in the slightest. Everything he did was for the sake of his goal, and he would mercilessly eliminate any obstacles along the way!
"From a macro perspective, all of you … can be considered to have sacrificed yourselves for this broken ship," he muttered.
Just as he was about to leave, an extremely soft and weak voice suddenly came from behind him.
"Save, save me …"
Hearing this voice, Sky Sword's eyes flashed, and he frowned.
He suddenly turned around and saw a small hole in the wall, and it was from this small hole that a weak voice came.
"Advanced Breath Concealment Technique? Or a special Breath Concealment Treasure? "
With his keen insight, if there was a living person on the other side of the patio, it would be impossible for him to miss it, unless that person's concealment technique was extremely ingenious.
As he turned around, his eyes revealed a hint of killing intent, and he lightly patted the wall.
The wall collapsed …
In the mezzanine of the wall, there was a space half the height of a person, and it was in this space that a fifteen-year-old girl was curled up.
This girl was wearing a thin veil, and she hugged her legs as she trembled. There were many abrasions on her arms and legs, and there was a lot of dust on them. Her face was extremely beautiful and cute, especially her pair of eyes that were unusually large. However, her pupils were lifeless, as if she had experienced extreme fear, and she looked weak, like an abandoned doll.
"This thin veil …"
He reached out and took off the thin veil covering her body, and gently rubbed it with his hand. "It is indeed a very rare treasure, and even a first-tier family might not have it …"
"Save me, I beg you …"
The girl begged again.
"You saw it?" Sky Sword stared at the girl and asked.
The girl pursed her lips, and she realized something, and quickly shook her head. "I didn't see anything!"
Hearing this, Sky Sword stared at her and smiled, then covered her body with the thin veil. "You're lying, and I can't save you. Goodbye."
Then, Sky Sword gently retreated, leaped down, and climbed up the well, disappearing from her sight …
The girl's body stiffened even more. She wrapped her arms around her knees and pressed her dusty legs tightly together. Her eyes were filled with helplessness. She pursed her lips tightly, afraid that she would cry out loud.
She shouldn't have asked this person for help …
He actually ate the Hundred Commandments Slate. Moreover, he didn't have the heart to save them. He could have saved the cloaked man.
Now that he had taken away the Illusory Feather Muslin, he could no longer conceal his presence. Those terrifying insects …
"Sha sha sha sha sha …"
A sound that made her heart palpitate came from above the patio.
That voice was like the footsteps of the Grim Reaper, approaching her bit by bit.
"Master Huo is dead. Guard Jian is dead. I will die too …"
She was terrified.
Three days ago, they were still reunited, and she was still the apple of their eye, surrounded by everyone. Now, she had to face this kind of fear alone.
"Sha sha sha …"
Those black and red centipedes crawled down the wall again. They slowly crawled toward the girl through the hole created by Sky Sword.
She closed her eyes and comforted herself in her heart. Perhaps death wasn't as scary as she thought …
At this moment.
"Pata …"
Something small fell to the bottom of the well.
"Crackle crackle crackle …"
The girl opened her eyes. She saw a bright spark. Those sparks were like fireworks, constantly emitting small crackling sounds.
"Sha sha sha sha …"
The moment that fire spark was thrown into the well, all the centipedes were like ants on a hot pan. They avoided the fire spark and frantically fled in all directions. In the blink of an eye, the densely packed centipedes in the well were all gone.
The girl was slightly stunned. She stared blankly at the gently crackling fire spark.
"Dong …"
Sky Sword appeared in front of her again. He sighed lightly and extended his hand toward the girl.
"You, you saved me?"
She was very surprised to see him return.
"You don't want to live?" Sky Sword asked.
"But I saw it …" She was very shocked to see Sky Sword swallow the Hundred Commandments Slate. What kind of person was he to be able to eat this indestructible slate?
"Very honest." Sky Sword extended his hand and pulled her up. He gently pulled her over and carried her on his back. Then, he used the tip of his foot to lightly flick the fire spark. The fire spark tumbled and landed in his mouth.
Then, the girl saw the surrounding scenery fly by. She shuttled through the fallen city at an extremely fast speed. Her slender legs swayed with the wind in his arms.
"What's your name?" Sky Sword asked with the fire spark in his mouth.
"I'm Dongfang Yingqing," she said.
Sky Sword was stunned. He slowed down his running speed. "You're from the Dongfang family? Main family or branch family? "
Just like Han Jia, the main family of the Dongfang family migrated to the floating island.
However, the situation of the two families was slightly different.
The Dongfang family relied on the Fusang Divine Tree. The family's roots were very large.
The main family led by Dongfang Chunjun was indeed the largest family. However, after the main family moved to the floating island, the Dongfang family's branch family that stayed on the Fusang Divine Tree was also a large family. There were three Dongfang family Saints in the Fusang Divine Tree. This was also the reason why the Dongfang family's foundation was far superior to the other families.
"Branch family …" Dongfang Yingqing replied.
Sky Sword's eyes narrowed slightly. A trace of regret appeared on his face. The killing intent in his heart surfaced again.
He thought she was a girl from the He family. He didn't expect her to be a direct subordinate of the Dongfang family.
He shouldn't have saved this girl. He had to kill her.
He brought Dongfang Yingqing away from the Bone Jade Divine City. They arrived at the edge of the sinkhole and put her down …
Dongfang Yingqing seemed to have sensed something. Her large eyes blinked. Sorrow appeared once again. She looked weakly at Sky Sword. "You want to kill me, right?"
"Mn," Sky Sword replied expressionlessly.
If it was someone from a small family, Sky Sword might be able to save her life.
However, the situation was completely different for someone from the Dongfang family.
Dongfang Yingqing revealed a miserable expression. She looked at Sky Sword with her expressive eyes. She saw him reach out and place his hand on her forehead. She could feel the coldness from Sky Sword's fingertips.
"I, I swear on my mental demons …"
"I'll always be with you, okay?"
"I won't resist. I won't reveal your secret either."
She kept begging.
He cultivated the Divine Dao of Justice and pursued the supreme belief of justice. However, there was absolute justice and limited justice. Even in the "Dao Battle", there was no correct conclusion.
In terms of limited justice, he had to kill her. Because if he didn't die, he might save even more people.
In terms of absolute justice, he had no reason to kill her …
Sky Sword looked at her eyes. He was a bit confused.
She didn't say anything else. She just looked at him pitifully.
"Sigh …"
Sky Sword sighed. He was a bit distressed that she had given him such a difficult problem. In the end, he said, "Follow me. Swear on your mental demons that I won't kill you."

Chapter 1983
After the transit of the sun, the atmosphere on the floating island became subtle and grim.
There weren't many True Gods who saw Dongfang Chunjun's rage, but the events of the transit festival quickly spread to the various floating islands, turning into all sorts of rumors.
"So the anonymous person's identity was exposed. He's actually Luo Xiao's son!"
"He's really bold. Not only did he sneak around the Jiang family's supervision, but he actually went straight to the divine realm!"
"And he actually stole a jade seal from the hands of so many Paragons. It's said that the jade seal is a level four faith treasure!"
"What's his relationship with Shi Qiaoqiao? She actually silenced the divine realm for him …"
"Don't forget, that kid still controls the lives of all the Paragons. He's just a lower True God. This move is really heaven-defying!"
Most of the time, the relationships between these rich families were relatively stable.
The numerous True Gods were like hardworking ants, shuttling back and forth between the forbidden area and the floating island.
This incident quickly swept across the floating islands on the Sea of Time.
Not only did it involve Luo Zheng, but it also involved Han Jia's secondary sage.
Everyone wanted to see how Dongfang Chunjun would react in the end, how Han Jia would deal with this matter, and whether the Paragons Luo Zheng took away could return safely.
If those Paragons were really killed by Luo Zheng, this incident would probably turn into a huge earthquake.
Not long after, Mu Xuerong, Dongfang Taiqing, Han Tianxiao, and the other Paragons finally returned.
Han Tianxiao had just stepped onto Han Jia's floating island when he was summoned by Han Jia's Sage Emperor.
The next day …
The three Han Jia sisters had already entered the main hall of the Purple Soul Palace.
All the female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace entered the spacious hall one after another.
These days, the disciples of the Purple Soul Palace had also heard all sorts of crazy rumors.
At first, they didn't believe it, but after hearing some solid evidence and seeing no trace of Aunt Han Jiu, they gradually understood that Aunt Han Jiu had indeed escaped with Luo Tianxing …
The Purple Soul Palace existed because of Aunt Han Jiu's existence, and also because of the strength of the secondary sage.
Now that Aunt Han Jiu had offended Dongfang Chunjun, there was probably no possibility of her returning to the floating island. They spent these days in fear and unease.
Han Liusu was draped in a floor-length velvet skirt, expressionlessly gazing at the Purple Soul Palace's entrance.
Han Bi Luo and Han Chu Yue also did not have the slightest trace of happiness on their faces, one on the left and one on the right, tightly grasping Han Liusu's hands.
Not long after, the Purple Soul Hall's disciples gathered.
Soon after, Han Tianxiao appeared on the highest throne in the Purple Soul Palace and announced in a calm voice, "Because the Han Family's second sage betrayed the Han Family, the Purple Soul Palace's 30,000 disciples also view him as a traitor! However, the Purple Soul Palace will be disbanded from today onwards and will be incorporated into the Saint Emperor City. All female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace will be expelled from the floating island within the next few days! "
When the female disciples in the Purple Soul Palace heard Han Tianxiao's words, there was a period of silence.
Smiling in the sky only coldly glanced at them, sneered, and then disappeared from everyone's eyes.
After Heavenly Smile left, a sobbing sound came from the Purple Soul Palace. Immediately after, the other female disciples also began to cry. Soon, tens of thousands of female disciples were crying …
Han Meng stood at the very front of these people, her expression sorrowful and her heart filled with self-blame.
If she hadn't brought Luo Tianxing to the floating island back then, perhaps this wouldn't have happened, and Aunt Han Jiu wouldn't have been implicated.
But thinking about it carefully, if it hadn't been for Luo Tianxing, the Purple Soul Palace probably still wouldn't have been able to escape the fate of disbanding …
She clenched her fists, a nameless fury surging in her heart.
"Master didn't betray the Han Family!"
Granny Yue Ying, who was in the corner, used her ear-piercing voice to shout.
"Right, Master didn't betray the Han Family!"
"How could Master betray the Han Family? She's the Han Family's second sage!"
"Even if you want us to leave, you can't slander Master like this!"
A few female disciples were furious, but they couldn't find a target. In the end, their gazes locked onto Han Liusu.
The three sisters were considered the Han Family's most direct descendants. At this time, they naturally became their target.
Seeing their angry expressions, Han Liusu lightly raised her hand, indicating for everyone to quiet down. But how could they listen to Han Liusu? A few female disciples, in their agitation, even started cursing Han Liusu and the Han Family …
Seeing that the situation was about to spiral out of control, Granny Yue Ying loudly said, "Everyone, quiet down. Let's see what the eldest princess wants to say!"
Although everyone in the Purple Soul Palace was afraid of Granny Yue Ying, everyone knew that she was loyal to the Purple Soul Palace and Aunt Jiu. With her authority, the girls would still listen to her.
When the Purple Soul Palace quieted down, Han Liusu softly said, "You're right. Aunt Jiu didn't betray the Han Family!"
Hearing Han Liusu's words, the female disciples were stunned.
"It's the Han Family that betrayed Aunt Jiu," Han Liusu softly said.
If the Han Family really had such a heroic spirit, they would naturally fight against Dongfang Chunjun.
But father's subservience to the Dongfang family had thoroughly disappointed Han Liusu …
"There's no point in staying with a family like this. Since you've all been expelled from the Han Family today, I'll leave with you!" Han Liusu continued.
When Han Chuyue and Han Biluo heard this, they didn't immediately react.
They were all direct descendants of the Han Family. How could they leave just like that?
The female disciples of the Purple Soul Palace were all moved.
No matter what, Han Liusu was the eldest princess of the Han Family. She was also one of the Han Family's iconic geniuses. She wanted to leave the Han Family too?
Actually, from the moment Aunt Hanjiu escaped with Luo Zheng, she already had this thought in her heart.
She'd held it in until today …
"Big sister …"
"Big sister Liusu …"
Han Biluo and Han Chuyue both looked at her in surprise.
… …
After the Purple Soul Palace was disbanded, all the female disciples packed up and left.
Han Liusu did indeed take action.
Even Han Chuyue and Han Biluo, on a whim, disguised themselves like Han Liusu, wanting to blend in with the other female disciples and quietly leave the floating island.
Unfortunately, before they could leave the floating island, they were stopped by the Han Family.
At the same time, they were told to keep a tight watch and not leave the floating island for a short period of time.
… …
In the side hall of the Immortal Residence …
Aunt Jiu's light purple palace dress moved without wind.
She muttered those words over and over again in her mouth ….
A mere ten thousand words, to a quasi-sage, could be firmly memorized with a single glance. But with a thought, these True Intent mental cultivation methods would disappear without a trace, unable to be memorized.
If you really wanted to memorize this True Intent mental cultivation method, you had to recite it word by word. The number of words you persisted in memorizing would be the number of words you could memorize!
Even with a quasi-sage's talent, wanting to completely memorize this True Intent of Dao in a short period of time was not an easy task.
On the first day, she could only recite up to 1700 words.
On the second day, she could recite up to 3200 words … …
On the third day … …
The more words there were, the harder it was.
The hard part was not reciting them, but comprehending the True Intent of this mental cultivation method.
After the Divine Dao, in the vast sea of nothingness, the True Intent of Dao was like a small boat that could lead her to a deeper place. Comprehending the True Intent of Dao was the process of climbing onto that small boat.
On the fifteenth day, she could already recite 4700 words in one go, which was more or less half of the True Intent mental cultivation method … …
And when she recited to this point, her eyes suddenly flashed with a blazing luster, and a trace of joy appeared on her face.

Chapter 1984
"Three thousand Divine Daos, they all use the laws to enter the Dao. It can be said that they use the laws to the extreme, and the Divine Daos that are derived are all strange …"
"But Dao techniques, in the end, cannot escape the word 'nature' …"
"Dao techniques are natural …"
At this time, Aunt Hanjiu had already comprehended quite a bit.
Her slender fingers gently moved, and the source of power, and strands of purple qi slowly dissipated, filling the side hall.
In the Divine Realm, Aunt Hanjiu had absolute authority in the Purple Qi Divine Dao.
The Purple Qi Divine Dao was naturally suited to set up formations.
When the predecessors cultivated the Purple Qi Divine Dao, they used the Purple Qi to nurture all kinds of creatures, and set up all kinds of formations.
Aunt Hanjiu followed this line of thought, and with Luo Xiao's help, she developed it.
The four sword variations of the God Slaughtering Sword Formation were the foundation, and Luo Xiao laid the foundation.
The 32 sword variations were even more complicated, even sharper …
The 96 sword was the upper limit of the God Slaughtering Sword Formation, and also the most perfect form of the God Slaughtering Sword Formation. The variations and killing intent within were even more terrifying.
Besides the sword formation, Aunt Hanjiu also had the [Thousand Beast Soaring Dragon Formation], [Bird Seizing Dream Formation], [Purple Spirit Strife] and other formations.
In order to display the Purple Qi Divine Dao to the extreme, Aunt Hanjiu painstakingly set up an even bigger formation, wanting to perfectly combine the Purple Qi Divine Dao and the source of power …
This was a huge project.
The variations were even higher by several orders of magnitude.
Even for Aunt Hanjiu, wanting to set up this formation was extremely difficult, so after fumbling for so long, there was not much progress …
"If you persist, it will not be easy, if you want to act, it will be restricted, if you want to think, it will be empty …"
"If you don't persist, you can't, don't read …"
"Comprehend by yourself."
Aunt Hanjiu no longer controlled the Purple Qi, and no longer traced the source of power, but allowed it to float in the side hall …
She muttered to herself as a strange thought popped up in her mind.
The invisible power and the Purple Qi slowly flowed in the side hall, sometimes the Purple Qi would wrap around the power, sometimes the power would push the Purple Qi away.
The Purple Qi was like the clouds in the sky, sometimes it would become ten thousand horses galloping, sometimes it would become gods and evil spirits, all kinds of strange appearances.
"Formations are profound and ingenious, but in the end, they are formed from thoughts."
"In terms of profoundness, what in this world can compare to the profoundness of nature …"
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
At this moment, the purple Qi and the power began to fuse together. It no longer had any shape, and only slowly circled around Aunt Hanjiu.
"This is also a formation …"
Auntie Hanjiu's eyes glowed with a strange light as she watched this scene.
The formation in front of her didn't seem to be in shape, but if she changed it slightly, it would be filled with killing intent. If she brought out an even greater source of power and more purple qi, the power would be even more unimaginable.
"The name of this formation." Aunt Hanjiu thought for a moment, then frowned. The formless formation suddenly lost its killing intent and became a mess, without any natural rhythm.
She patted her forehead and said with a smile, "This is the will of nature. If you forcefully add a name to it, there will be form and restriction, and it will lose nature …"
Afterwards, Aunt Han Jiu dispersed the purple qi and the power source. She gently reached out and carefully put away the true meaning heart mantra that Luo Nian had written. Then she pushed open the door to the side hall.
Half a month had already passed since she began to comprehend …
Opening the door, a ray of morning light shone in. Reflected in her eyes, the world had changed. The trees, the sunlight, the fish in the pond, all of them contained the Dao of nature, the true meaning was infinite.
Only the pavilions, the carved beams and painted rafters, these man-made objects, all of them had no artistic conception …
"Huhuhu …"
On the platform facing the pond, a white robed Luo Nian was dancing with his spear.
Luo Nian and his spear did not have any natural meaning, but when Auntie Hanjiu saw his spear piercing through the air, her face was filled with surprise.
Luo Nian's spear skills were not bad, but in Auntie Hanjiu's eyes, they were nothing. But when the spear pierced out, there was a trace of the true meaning of nature, and it was because of this that Luo Nian's spear skills were extraordinary!
"Yes, he translated the mantra and can recite a thousand words. Of course he has some understanding of the Dao. He's only sixteen years old. Although his cultivation is not high, to be able to comprehend a trace of the true meaning of the Dao, when he grows up he'll be even more powerful than his father …" Auntie Hanjiu's eyes were filled with admiration.
She walked forward, but saw Luo Nian's angry face. "Nian 'er, where's your father?"
"Sleeping!"
Luo Nian spat out three words, then continued to wave the spear in his hand. The spear was like a wheel, whistling through the air.
He'd thought Immortal Mansion would be more lively with his father's return.
He hadn't expected it to be the opposite. Whether it was his mother, Auntie Xun, or Auntie Yun, they all circled around his father, not bothering to pay him any attention.
Especially when Auntie Xun no longer accompanied him in his spear practice …
"Still sleeping?"
Auntie Hanjiu looked up at the sky. Although it was morning, the sun was already high in the sky.
When he thought of Luo Nian's angry look, he understood in his heart. A helpless smile appeared on his face.
It turned out Luo Zheng had just returned to the Immortal Mansion, and his wives were all stunning beauties. That was why he hadn't had a good rest.
But, since they had all cultivated the True Divinity Body, their energy was nearly limitless. Therefore, they shouldn't be unable to get up from their beds …
"Young men really don't know how to control themselves …"
She sighed inwardly, then she leapt onto the stage. With a slight twist of her waist, she said with a smile, "I'll accompany you in your spear practice!"
Luo Nian looked at Auntie Hanjiu with a strange expression, "You don't even have a weapon, how are you going to practice?"
"Just attack me." Auntie Hanjiu said with an indifferent tone.
Without any hesitation, Luo Nian waved his spear and thrust it toward Auntie Hanjiu like a poisonous snake.
With Luo Zheng's current cultivation, the spear skill he displayed was nothing.
A few months ago, Xun Du didn't even bother to spar with Luo Nian. After all, a fight between a World Lord and a Divine Core warrior wasn't like the difference between an adult and a child, it was like the difference between a human and a speck of dust.
Therefore, every time Xun Du casually swung his spear, he would knock Luo Nian's spear away, then lightly knock him down.
But after Luo Nian had deciphered the six golden Sanskrit symbols, the situation had changed!
Without any warning, Luo Nian had actually stabbed Xun with his spear!
Although Xun Du had suppressed his cultivation to the Divine Core realm, and it was an unexpected attack, it was more than enough to shock Xun Du.
Therefore, Xun Du started taking this' little opponent 'seriously, and started sparing with all his heart.
In the beginning, Xun Du was still able to suppress Luo Nian with his attacks.
But as Luo Nian was able to 'read' more and more True Intent cultivation methods, and his understanding of the True Intent was getting deeper and deeper, he was now able to fight evenly with Xun Du.
When Luo Nian thrust his spear forward, Auntie Hanjiu immediately turned around.
Her movement wasn't fast, and she didn't even think about it. Her body moved like a gentle breeze, and she easily dodged the spear.
"Eh …"
Luo Nian could tell that there was a special True Intent of Dao hidden in Auntie Hanjiu's body as well. But, the True Intent she possessed was much more profound than his.
"Again!"
Sparring like this would be of great benefit to Luo Nian.
He already had a basic understanding of the True Intent of Dao, and now, he was able to further comprehend it from Auntie Hanjiu's movement skill.
A mighty Secondary Saint was actually sparring with a Divine Core warrior from a second-ranked creature, this was indeed a marvelous sight.
"The Dao of nature, turning the eternal into the eternal, all laws are natural, not by comprehending them …" Luo Nian kept thrusting his spear forward. As he gained some understanding, he couldn't help but start reciting the True Intent cultivation method.
Hearing Luo Nian reciting the True Intent cultivation method, Auntie Hanjiu smiled. Her lips moved slightly, and she too started reciting the True Intent cultivation method …

Chapter 1985
In the residence's sleeping quarters.
Xun's face was resting on Luo Zheng's chest, breathing evenly and slowly.
On the other side, Ning Yudie was curled up like a baby under his arm, sleeping soundly.
With their cultivation, they didn't need to sleep to replenish their energy. For most of the year, they just needed to sit cross-legged in meditation to keep their spirits high.
But these days, it was different.
Sometimes, even sleeping had a special meaning.
Luo Zheng's arm moved slightly, and Xun immediately opened her eyes. She looked at Luo Zheng with her red eyes, like a vigilant kitten.
On the other side, Ning Yudie also woke up. The moment her soul recovered, she remembered the absurdity of last night. Her face couldn't help but blush. She was extremely embarrassed. "Husband, yesterday I …"
Seeing Ning Yudie hesitate, Xun deliberately said lightly, "You dare to do it, but you don't dare to admit it?"
Hearing this, Ning Yudie's expression became very unnatural. She opened her mouth, but didn't know what to say. She could only tightly wrap her body with the blanket.
"Xun." Luo Zheng patted her head.
Xun's face revealed a mischievous expression …
"Get up, otherwise Nian 'er will complain again." Luo Zheng smiled bitterly.
After he tidied up and looked over, he heard the whistling of spears.
After turning the corner, he saw Luo Nian's spear whistling, constantly greeting Aunt Hanjiu.
"Aunt Jiu has come out of seclusion?" Luo Zheng's eyes brightened.
Looking carefully at Aunt Jiu's movements, Luo Zheng had a very unique feeling!
Her steps were casual, as if she didn't have any thoughts. She was like a butterfly dancing in nature, constantly fluttering along with Luo Nian's spear. This scene was very harmonious …
"The true meaning of the Dao. It seems that Aunt Jiu has benefited a lot." Luo Zheng said.
Ning Yudie, who had just arrived, saw Luo Nian attacking Aunt Hanjiu while muttering something under his breath, causing her to frown again. She was always afraid that Luo Nian would meet with some kind of mishap.
Fortunately, Aunt Hanjiu had been sparring with Luo Nian for a while. When she saw Luo Zheng, she gently flicked away Luo Nian's spear. In the blink of an eye, she arrived beside Luo Zheng.
"Congratulations, Aunt Jiu. You've comprehended your own True Meaning of Dao," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Aunty Hanjiu glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng and shook her head. "It's still early. I've only comprehended half of the true meaning of the Dao … but you'll be free and unfettered once you return to the immortal estate."
Hearing this, Ning Yudie was immediately embarrassed.
Luo Zheng smiled. He probably knew that Aunt Hanjiu was going to use the tone of an elder to teach him a lesson.
At this time, a violent vibration suddenly came from outside the immortal mansion!
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
It was as if there were countless behemoths running madly outside.
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. Aunt Hanjiu's gaze also turned towards the immortal mansion's main entrance.
"Master, it seems that a large number of monsters are rushing over!" Afo immediately informed Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. "Let's go take a look!"
Luo Zheng was quite confident in the immortal mansion his master had built.
First of all, that layer of enchantment was almost unbreakable. It could even separate the immortal mansion from the realm of the gods, ensuring that the people inside the enchantment would not be reduced to true essence!
Although the monsters in this Takeshi Xuan forest were powerful, they were simply unable to enter the immortal mansion.
Luo Zheng took the lead and rushed out of the immortal mansion. He stood in front of the pale pink enchantment.
The huge trees in the Takeshi Xuan forest were constantly being broken, falling down one by one. Bursts of chaotic footsteps could be heard, as if there were thousands of soldiers and horses galloping …
"What is that!" Ning Yudie followed closely behind Luo Zheng. Her small face was somewhat nervous.
She had stayed in the immortal mansion for so long. Occasionally she would look at the realm of the gods from within the enchantment. Occasionally she would see some terrifying monsters, but those monsters simply did not dare to approach the enchantment. This immortal mansion was like a paradise, maintaining its tranquility.
"I'm not sure. It should be the monsters in the Takeshi Xuan forest rushing over," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
What he was worried about was not the monsters.
Now his and Aunt Hanjiu's identities were extremely sensitive.
If Dongfang Chunjun discovered that they were hiding in this immortal mansion, the situation would be even more troublesome.
"Boom!"
The tree trunk closest to the edge of the enchantment suddenly shattered.
Two people could be seen drilling out of the tree trunk, rushing towards the immortal mansion at an extremely fast speed …
Behind the two of them was a large group of giant apes!
Each of the giant apes was seven to eight hundred meters tall, and they were like moving mountains. Every step they took would create a huge crater, as if there was an earthquake. Such a huge body, but it was still so agile. Using both hands and feet, they madly chased after the two people!
The person in the lead had long flowing hair and a broad face. As he ran, he constantly shouted, "Damn it, we've poked the monkey's nest! I already said to go to the immortal mansion first, but now we've brought a bunch of trouble for no reason! "
Behind this person was a child.
The boy was sitting on the back of a green ox. The green ox was also running wildly with its hooves.
"Those golden-haired creatures have caught up," the child said calmly. At the same time, he stood on the green ox and waved the fishing rod in his hand. The child's young eyes narrowed slightly, flashing with murderous intent.
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, a few golden lights suddenly flashed among the group of giant apes.
Several pocket-sized golden apes jumped down from the backs of the giant apes, pouncing towards the two people.
This so-called "pocket-sized" was only relative to the seven or eight hundred feet tall giant apes. In reality, these four golden apes were more than thirty feet tall, much taller than the child and the long-haired man!
"Hmph!"
The child snorted coldly, then suddenly swung the fishing rod in his hand!
"Swish swish swish swish!"
A faint golden fishing line suddenly shot out!
"Pu pu pu …"
Of the four golden apes that pounced down, three of them had bloody wounds on their bodies. Blood directly exploded from their bodies.
Given the child's strength, even a Paragon True God would be severely injured by his golden fishing line. However, when this fishing line cut through the golden apes, it only left a small wound on their bodies!
Moreover, one of the golden apes relied on its powerful instincts to avoid the child's fishing line and pounced in front of him.
In the instant that the golden ape reached out with its large furry hand to grab the child, the child calmly spat out a single word: "Dodge."
Then, the child and the green ox disappeared from where they were …
"Wait for me!"
When the long-haired man saw the child use spatial teleportation to appear in front of him, his face revealed an indignant expression. As he leapt up, he also mysteriously disappeared from where he was.
As the two of them continuously flashed, they were getting closer and closer to the barrier of the immortal residence!
"This, this is … Second Senior Brother?"
Luo Zheng, who was standing behind the immortal residence, saw the two of them charge over and opened his eyes wide as he spoke.
Luo Zheng didn't recognize Jing Wuhuan.
However, on the Path of True Extinction, Luo Zheng had fought with Yu Shenfeng before, so he had a deep impression of this Second Senior Brother whose nickname was Xian An. Naturally, he recognized him at a glance.
Aunt Hanjiu revealed a faint smile on her face: "It is indeed Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng."
"Can they come in? Do you need me to open the barrier? "Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng instantly became anxious.

Chapter 1986
Now, looking at their momentum, Luo Zheng was also very conflicted.
When Shi Qiaoqiao left the Immortal Mansion, the barrier couldn't stop her.
But Luo Zheng didn't know whether she broke the barrier or used some special method to get through.
If a Perfect True God could directly tear open this barrier, the divine territory would be connected to the Immortal Mansion. The consequences would be unimaginable.
While he was worrying, Afo, who rushed out with Luo Zheng, said, "Master, don't worry, they can freely enter this barrier."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng calmed down.
His close relatives were all in the Immortal Mansion. They were all the most important to him. Naturally, he wouldn't allow the slightest accident.
The two people were getting closer and closer to the barrier, but they didn't slow down in the slightest.
The second senior brother, who was rushing in front, suddenly flipped his hand and a small token appeared in his hand.
"Xun" token!
Luo Zheng saw the token at a glance.
Kan, Li, Zhen, Xun, Gen, Dui, Kun, Qian. These eight tokens each had different functions. The "Xun" token was the first one that Luo Zheng obtained. The only function of this token seemed to be to avoid the two huge puppets in the Immortal Mansion and safely pass through the Immortal Mansion.
After Luo Zheng obtained Afo's recognition, the "Xun" token didn't have much effect on Luo Zheng. Moreover, he entered the Immortal Mansion several times and directly passed through the spatial node in the valley in the eastern region. Later, after obtaining the "Gen" token, he could directly return to the Immortal Mansion.
He naturally didn't think that the "Xun" token had such an ability.
When Second Senior Brother took out the token, he directly crashed into the enchantment. This indestructible enchantment fluctuated slightly, and his entire body was sucked in!
At the same time, the boy riding the green ox also raised a "Xun" token and entered the barrier.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The apes chasing after them arrived in the blink of an eye, stomping out large pits on the ground outside the barrier.
The golden apes seemed quite unwilling to give up. They pounded their chests madly and bared their fangs at the barrier, provoking the people inside ….
"Phew … These damned apes are really hard to deal with." The long-haired man panted a few times.
"Xian An, Ping Huan, long time no see." Fu went up to greet them, smiling at the long-haired man and the child.
Xian An was the nickname of Second Senior Brother Yu Shen Feng, and Ping Huan was the nickname of Eldest Senior Brother Jing Wu Huan. Afo was very familiar with them, and always called them by their nicknames.
Yu Shen Feng and Jing Wu Huan also greeted Afo. Their eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. Then they looked at Aunt Hanjiu, Ning Yudie, Xun, and the other girls behind Luo Zheng. Mu Mingxue and Su Lingyun also rushed over.
"This, isn't this Little Junior Brother? Shouldn't you be at Buzhou Spirit Mountain? How could he be in the Immortal Mansion! This … this is Han Jia's secondary saint! "Yu Shenfeng's eyes widened. He naturally recognized Luo Zheng.
Jing Wu Huan was also a bit stunned.
The two of them had started to act after hearing Yu Taibai's words on the floating island.
After leaving Gu Family's floating island, they didn't know what happened in the Sea of Time. Naturally, they didn't expect to meet Luo Zheng in the Immortal Mansion.
"Long time no see," Aunt Hanjiu nodded slightly.
Aunt Hanjiu, Jing Wu Huan, and Yu Shen Feng also knew each other.
"Eldest Senior Brother, Second Senior Brother, nice to meet you!" Luo Zheng cupped his hands in greeting.
Although he already knew of his two senior brothers' great reputations, this was the first time they met in the truest sense.
After greeting each other, Luo Zheng naturally invited his two senior brothers into the mansion for a chat.
"Wait," Yu Shen Feng suddenly waved his hand, staring at Luo Zheng with a trace of malice. "Little Junior Brother! I remember that I said that after you sneaked into the divine realm, I would properly meet you! "
Hearing this, the corner of Jing Wu Huan's mouth twitched. He knew Xian An's character. This guy usually said whatever he thought of, regardless of the occasion or order.
However, he didn't stop him. Although Yu Shen Feng wasn't very smart, he knew the severity of his actions. He also wanted to know how strong his little junior brother was. He was worthy of Master entrusting the entire Immortal Mansion to him!
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Yu Shen Feng's figure instantly disappeared from the spot and appeared behind Luo Zheng.
The doppelganger that Yu Shen Feng left behind in the True Impasse Path wasn't very powerful.
Now, he was attacking with the cultivation of a perfected True God!
"Phew …"
The moment Yu Shenfeng appeared behind Luo Zheng, he struck out with a backhand chop.
Luo Zheng relied on the imperial jade seal to suppress all the perfected True Gods in the Sea of Time. However, he was only a lower-level True God who had just attained the Supreme Dao. His abilities were worlds apart from those of a perfected True God. How could he avoid it?
Just as he was about to react, that hand chop landed heavily on Luo Zheng's back.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng felt a huge force hit his body. He couldn't help but fall forward.
Seeing that he was about to fall, he supported himself with his hands and did a somersault. Then, he stood firmly on the ground. "Second senior brother, it's not a good time to spar …"
However, Yu Shen Feng didn't listen. He clenched his teeth and grinned. "Last time, you didn't give me a chance to speak properly!"
On the True Impasse Path, Luo Zheng was afraid of Yu Shen Feng's counterattack. Thus, he cut the Holy Clan body that Yu Shen Feng left on the True Impasse Path using the Yin and Yang Qis. Only half of the body was left. Only then did Yu Shen Feng say a few words. Yu Shen Feng had always remembered it …
He said that he wanted to spar with Luo Zheng. In fact, he wanted to teach Luo Zheng a lesson.
After saying that, Yu Shen Feng disappeared from the spot in the blink of an eye …
"Bang!"
A punch landed on Luo Zheng's stomach and sent Luo Zheng flying.
Before Luo Zheng landed on the ground, Yu Shen Feng's figure flashed and appeared below Luo Zheng. He calmly struck a pose and threw another simple uppercut …
"Bang bang bang …"
Yu Shen Feng's figure kept flickering in the air. Luo Zheng was like a ball in the air. He was smashed here and there without any power to fight back.
"Junior brother looks very ordinary. He's just good at taking a beating," Jing Wu Huan said indifferently as he looked at Luo Zheng in the air.
"Hey! Stop it now! What kind of senior brothers are you! How can you beat people up as soon as you see them! "Ning Yudie felt very distressed as she watched Luo Zheng being smashed here and there by the long-haired youth.
Xun didn't say anything. Although she couldn't tell how powerful the two were, she felt that Yu Shen Feng didn't have any bad intentions. He knew how to control his strength.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Luo Zheng was also dizzy as he was smashed here and there.
Under the protection of the Heartbreaker, Yu Shen Feng's attacks wouldn't hurt him.
However, it was still rather unpleasant to be toyed with like this … …
But he couldn't even catch Yu Shen Feng's shadow. How could he fight back?
"Behind!"
He struggled in the air, turned around, and tried to grab Yu Shenfeng.
As long as he could catch this guy, he could use his own strength to make him suffer …
Luo Zheng indeed guessed Yu Shen Feng's position correctly. But Yu Shen Feng turned into a fish in an instant and slipped away from Luo Zheng's side. He instantly appeared above Luo Zheng and wanted to stomp Luo Zheng down!
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng had no choice but to use Eight Turns Flying Smoke. His body floated like a piece of paper.
"What's the use? Remember, this is the cultivation method that I, your second senior brother, recommended for you!" Yu Shen Feng laughed and stomped his foot towards Luo Zheng.
But the moment he stomped, he felt that something was wrong. He saw a trace of incomprehensible true intent on Luo Zheng's body. His face was full of disbelief.

Chapter 1987
Luo Zheng, who was still in the air, suddenly flipped and smashed Yu Shen Feng down.
Luo Zheng had been brewing for a long time. The power of this attack couldn't be underestimated!
Yu Shen Feng was caught off guard and didn't even have time to react!
"Rumble …"
Yu Shen Feng lay in the crater with a dazed look in his eyes.
Luo Zheng landed steadily at the edge of the crater with a faint smile on his face and a hint of excitement in his eyes.
At the instant he circulated the Eight-Winding Smokescreen earlier, Luo Zheng noticed that the True Dao Insights could naturally fuse together!
Although Luo Zheng had been pondering the True Meaning of the Dao during this period of time, the side hall had been occupied by Aunt Han Jiu. He was not in a hurry, so his comprehension of the True Meaning of the Dao was still very shallow, far inferior to Luo Nian's.
However, the movement technique "Eight Winding Flying Smoke" originally focused on moving with the wind. When it was circulated, Luo Zheng practically relied on instinct to fuse a trace of the True Meaning of the Dao into it.
He wasn't like Aunt Hanjiu, who had comprehended half of it. Luo Zheng didn't even realize that the True Meaning of Dao was "Dao Follows Nature".
Now that he had sensed that trace of True Dao Intent, he had also discovered how powerful it was. Naturally, he would be slightly excited.
Ning Yudie was originally very dissatisfied, but now that she saw Luo Zheng smash that "second senior brother" to the ground, she smiled and said, "Serves you right."
"This is … the True Meaning of Dao! Where did you comprehend it? "Jing Wuhuan's eyes were filled with disbelief.
When Yu Shen Feng heard this, his mouth opened slightly. His senior brother had already asked the question he wanted to ask. His face faintly revealed a hint of grievance.
Although he didn't use his full strength and accidentally allowed Luo Zheng to succeed, he was still a Perfection True God!
He should have been the one to teach this kid Luo Zheng a lesson, but the result was completely different from what he imagined. This was too embarrassing …
However, Luo Zheng was just a kid who crawled out of the universe. Even if he obtained the immortal mansion's inheritance, how could he have the opportunity to cultivate the True Meaning of Dao after wandering around the divine territory? [This is too unfair …]
There were simply too few inheritances of True Dao in the God's Domain. Let alone Great Perfection Earthly Immortals like them, even Sages rarely had the opportunity to come into contact with it.
In reality, both Yu Shen Feng and Jing Wuhuan had cultivated the True Meaning of Dao.
Back when Saint Jiu had given Gu Bei a golden Sanskrit tablet, Gu Bei had spent many years to decipher its mysteries. Finally, he had obtained a fragment, which was the True Meaning of Yin-Yang Chaos that Gu Bei cultivated!
However, Gu Bei had once said that this piece of Yin Yang Chaos True Intent merely had a small section in the middle, and it was a remnant of a remnant piece …
However, Gu Bei relied on his monstrous talent to arrange the Eight Trigrams of the Heavens and Earth. Then, he got Luo Xiao to help him calculate with the Dayan. He actually managed to fill in the gaps bit by bit.
When it came to the true meaning of the Dao, even if there was a single word difference, it would lead to a huge discrepancy.
This True Intent mental cultivation method revised by Gu Bei was naturally not the true True Intent of the Dao, but the True Intent of Yin and Yang Chaos contained within was already extremely powerful.
The Divine Dao that Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shen Feng cultivated came from Gu Bei. They cultivated according to the "False True Intent mental cultivation method" that their master had imparted to them, and they had also benefited greatly.
Amidst the excitement of his two disciples, Gu Bei, on the other hand, was rather worried as he said, "This True Meaning mental cultivation method is merely a small paper boat that has been patched up. Travelling through this boundless ocean, who knows when it will sink. It is destined to be unable to cross that ocean..."
Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shen Feng were only at the Paragon level of cultivation. Crossing that ocean after the Divine Dao was something that they would only consider after they had become Saints. Of course, they would not think too much about it. To be able to obtain the True Meaning of Yin and Yang from their master was already extremely fortunate.
Just by relying on this remnant True Meaning, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shen Feng, these two Paragons, were incomparably glorious in the Arena of Gods. They were practically invincible.
These two Paragons were naturally proud of this.
However, this little Junior Brother had only been in the Divine Domain for a few years. How could he have cultivated another True Meaning of Dao?
Eldest Senior Brother asked. Luo Zheng spread his hands and smiled helplessly. "Senior Brothers, let's talk after we enter the residence!"
Yu Shen Feng crawled out of the hole, his expression still a little gloomy. He paid attention to Eldest Senior Brother's expression and asked carefully, "Why don't we spar again …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Jing Wuhuan glared at him fiercely. "Are you done yet?"
Yu Shen Feng immediately stopped talking and obediently followed behind Jing Wuhuan.
On the way into the Immortal Residence, Jing Wuhuan asked why Luo Zheng had stayed in the Immortal Residence instead of going to Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
Luo Zheng summarized everything that had happened after he had entered the floating island …
"What! So you're an anonymous person! "
When Luo Zheng talked about his consecutive victories in the Arena of Gods, Second Senior Brother's voice was like thunder, reverberating in the Immortal Residence's plaza.
Jing Wuhuan looked helplessly at him. "Ignore this idiot and continue."
"After I received Yu Taibai's message, I did plan to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain. However, I happened to meet Ling Ri, so I was invited to participate in the Ling Ri Festival. In the forbidden area of the Sea of Time, Mu Xuerong and the others …" Luo Zheng continued.
When Luo Zheng said that he had the imperial jade seal, Yu Shen Feng shouted again. "You snatched the imperial jade seal from Mu Xuerong!"
Jing Wuhuan couldn't take it anymore and pointed at the forging workshop. Refining Shenzi was going in and out of the door, busy with something …
"A tin man? A puppet? Tch, what a lousy puppet … "
"Hiss …"
On Jing Wuhuan's fishing rod, an invisible fishing line was tied to Yu Shenfeng's leg. As Jing Wuhuan gently shook the fishing line, Yu Shenfeng spun in the air and fell into the fish pond with a splash.
Jing Wuhuan's childish face showed a trace of disdain. He then smiled at Luo Zheng. "Junior Brother, please continue."
Luo Zheng looked helplessly at Yu Shen Feng. It seemed that this guy was quite pitiful …
Luo Zheng then explained how he had escaped.
When he talked about how Shi Qiaoqiao had used the power of the Staff of Silence, Jing Wuhuan's eyes flashed. "So it was because of you that time."
No one had been able to escape under the Silence of the Divine Realm. Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shen Feng naturally knew that. Therefore, Jing Wuhuan also knew that Shi Qiaoqiao had been released from the dungeon.
"Then where did you obtain the True Intent of Dao?" This was what Jing Wuhuan didn't understand the most.
He knew very well how difficult it was to obtain the True Intent of Dao.
There were many golden Sanskrit characters that had been unearthed, but there weren't many that had been correctly deciphered and were extremely valuable.
"I should thank my son for this." Luo Zheng smiled.
Hearing this, Jing Wuhuan showed a confused expression.
Although he didn't say anything, he knew that Luo Zheng had moved his family to Immortal Mansion when he saw the stunning beauties in the mansion. This was Luo Zheng's right, so he naturally wouldn't ask about it.
But what did the True Intent of Dao have to do with his junior brother's son?
Afterwards, Luo Zheng brought Jing Wuhuan into a side hall. He pointed at a set of six golden Sanskrit characters on the wall and said, "This True Intent Mantra was translated by my son from the golden Sanskrit characters left behind by my master. I only found out after returning to Immortal Abode."
Hearing this, Jing Wuhuan was stunned. He suspected that he had misheard. His gaze landed on Luo Nian. He was full of disbelief. "Nephew's bone age is only 16 months. He's also a secondary life form. How could he translate the golden Sanskrit characters?"
Aunt Hanjiu smiled. She also felt it was inconceivable. She said, "Why don't you just ask him to translate it again?"
Aunt Hanjiu carefully put away the previous one. She wasn't willing to take it out.
Along the way, Luo Nian watched the boy ride on a cow and then saw the boy throw the long-haired man into the pond. He was rather curious the entire way.
Hearing them talking about him, his ears perked up.
"Nephew, can you write another translation of the golden Sanskrit characters?" the boy asked.

Chapter 1988
To Luo Nian, it was not difficult to translate the six sets of golden Sanskrit words into one.
He saw that the boy and the long-haired youth were not ordinary. They were actually his father's Senior Brothers. He naturally would not let go of the chance to "blackmail" them …
"Sure." Jing Wuhuan was very decisive. Without hesitation, he took out a small gourd from his chest.
The gourd was purple-gold in color. There were two green leaves hanging from the vines of the gourd. They were the size of a palm and were very delicate.
Luo Nian was very envious when he saw the gourd. However, he still looked noncommittal. He stared at the small gourd and asked, "What is the use of this small gourd?"
"There's a big world in this Purple Gold Gourd of Fortune. It can make your cultivation progress twice as fast with half the effort." Jing Wuhuan thought for a while and said, "You can't go in and out of the Holy Mansion now, so you must be bored. The world inside is much bigger than the Great Thousand Worlds, and there are countless secondary creatures in it … Moreover, there's a big lake in this gourd, and the lake is filled with soul-corroding and bone-corroding poison. If you use this gourd to suck in an ordinary Lower True God, he'll be completely corroded! The most important thing is that this gourd does not need to be refined. "
As Jing Wuhuan explained, Luo Nian's heart became more and more itchy.
He was really bored. At his age, he wanted to roam around. The sky was high and the sea was wide. Being cooped up in the Holy Abode was as boring as being in jail.
Although Luo Nian was happy, he did not show it on his face. Instead, he looked bored. "This gourd is very ordinary. Do you have any other treasures?"
But who was Jing Wuhuan?
When he heard this, he stuffed the gourd into his chest and said, "If you don't like it, then forget it."
"No, no! Deal! " Luo Nian hurriedly stopped him. At the same time, his gaze fell on Yu Shenfeng, who had just gotten up. He pointed at Yu Shenfeng and said, "But there are two of you. I will only let you see it!"
Jing Wuhuan turned his head and said lightly, "Xian An, don't you have a pile of scrap metal? Pick one and give it to your nephew! "
"I don't accept scrap metal!" Luo Nian hurriedly said.
"This isn't some scrap metal," Yu Shenfeng said unhappily. He stared at Luo Nian and then chuckled, "How about this, Second Martial Uncle is also very generous. I'll give you a battle puppet!"
After saying that, he patted the pocket on his waist lightly.
"Phew …"
Then, a brown light flashed, and a humanoid puppet about ten feet tall appeared in front of Luo Nian.
The puppet's entire body was suffused with traces of bronze luster. Its surface seemed to have experienced the passage of time, and it gave off a feeling of vicissitudes. An extremely powerful aura was faintly emitted from the puppet's body!
"This puppet …"
Even Luo Zheng felt envious when he saw this puppet.
"Gu Bei's puppet technique is at the peak of perfection, and his disciple has learned it perfectly." Looking at the battle puppet, Aunt Hanjiu's eyes were filled with admiration.
Gu Bei was considered an extraordinary person among the many Sages. Alchemy, refining weapons, there was almost nothing he didn't know, and there was nothing he wasn't proficient in. Even the seemingly mediocre puppet technique was extremely profound …
After being praised by Aunt Hanjiu, Yu Shenfeng immediately became spirited, "Hehe, Aunt Jiu, this battle puppet doesn't need to recognize an owner. Its battle strength is only equivalent to a middle True God. I have many extremely powerful puppets on me, do you want to take a look?"
"Is that so?" Aunt Hanjiu's face showed a trace of curiosity.
"Don't, don't …" Jing Wuhuan heard this and immediately spoke out to stop him.
But it was too late.
Yu Shenfeng patted lightly, and streams of light shot out from the pocket on his waist.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
Puppets of various shapes and sizes quickly filled the side hall, and even more puppets appeared in the courtyard in front of the main hall of the immortal mansion. There were thousands of them, and they surrounded the group tightly.
"Again …" Jing Wuhuan's face was filled with helplessness.
"These puppets, so strong …" Ning Yudie opened her eyes wide and couldn't help grabbing Luo Zheng's arm.
Even as a sector lord, Xun felt his heart palpitating when his gaze landed on some of the stronger puppets.
Every single one of these seemingly silly puppets was terrifyingly powerful. Every single one of them could easily tear her to shreds ….
Xun couldn't help but sigh. Luo Zheng's senior brothers and that Aunt Hanjiu woman were indeed powerful!
Yu Shenfeng proudly patted a blue gold battle puppet beside him and said, "This puppet is called Lie Gu, even against a great perfection it can fight. Its specialty is its speed …"
At first, Luo Zheng and the others were dazzled as they listened. Second Senior Brother's puppetry technique had indeed reached the pinnacle of perfection in the God Domain. If all of these puppets were brought out, even someone as strong as a Paragon would find it extremely difficult to deal with them.
But not long after, they understood why Jing Wuhuan wanted to stop Yu Shenfeng.
Once this guy brought out this pile of puppets, he seemed to have fallen into some kind of intoxicated state, and introduced them one by one in almost every detail!
According to Yu Shenfeng's speed, he probably wouldn't be able to finish explaining all these puppets in a day and night.
"Enough!"
Jing Wuhuan finally couldn't take it anymore and shouted, "Quickly put them away!"
"Sou!"
He raised the fishing rod in his hand, and an invisible fishing line emitted terrifying ripples.
Jing Wuhuan knew that it was useless to just talk, and he was about to fight again.
Yu Shenfeng reluctantly looked at the puppets. He hadn't had a chance to show his puppets to outsiders in a long time, especially in front of his junior brother.
Seeing that his Eldest Senior Brother was about to get serious again, he had no choice but to do something. All of the puppets turned into streaks of light in an instant and shot toward his pocket, all of them being collected by him.
After Yu Shen Feng took these puppets away, the crowd was suddenly empty. Only the puppet beside Luo Nian remained.
Luo Nian carefully touched the battle puppet and asked, "Second senior uncle, you said this puppet is stronger than a middle true god. If I control this puppet, can I defeat my father?"
"Defeat your father …" Yu Shenfeng glanced at Luo Zheng and laughed dryly.
Relying on this battle puppet, he could indeed defeat an ordinary middle true god. However, the probing before entering the immortal mansion had already made Yu Shenfeng understand that Luo Zheng could not be judged by common sense.
According to Yu Shenfeng's deduction, even an upper true god might not win against the current Luo Zheng …
Luo Nian didn't care about this answer. He already liked the two gifts that Yu Shenfeng and Jing Wuhuan had given him very much.
According to his previous plan, he consciously picked up the brush and spread out a piece of white, soft paper. He quickly wrote according to the six golden Sanskrit words.
Yu Shenfeng and Jing Wuhuan still had some doubts about Luo Zheng's words.
They found it hard to believe that this young junior nephew could decipher the golden range that even their master couldn't decipher. What he had deciphered was actually a True Intent cultivation method.
What you hear may be false, but what you see is true.
While Luo Nian was writing word by word, the two of them were reciting the words in their hearts.
In less than twenty words …
Both of their expressions changed at the same time. They could clearly feel that strand of True Dao Intent slowly knocking on their souls.
When they cultivated the True Intent of Yin-Yang Chaos that their master cultivated, they felt the same.

Chapter 1989
The Chaos Yin Yang True Meaning that Gu Bei had originally written was originally derived from his own ability.
Only the middle section was deciphered by the golden Sanskrit, and even if it was an incomplete section, not every word was correct.
Therefore, the True Meaning of Dao contained in it was naturally greatly reduced!
The True Meaning of Dao that Luo Nian had deciphered was originally a complete section, and with Luo Nian's unparalleled talent in deciphering, the effect was naturally extremely terrifying!
Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng seemed to be bewitched, reading word by word along with Luo Nian, their eyes moving along the tip of Luo Nian's pen, unwilling to stop at all!
Ning Yudie looked at this scene, her face full of gratification.
Previously, the old book immortal had been talking about the value of the golden Sanskrit every day, talking about how amazing Luo Nian was.
Her ears were about to grow calluses from listening to him.
Although she was happy for Luo Nian, she was still vaguely suspicious of the book immortal's words.
After all, Nian 'er was young, even if he was talented, how could he suddenly achieve such an exaggerated achievement?
What kind of people were those True Gods?
In the universe, they were existences that looked down on all Celestial Venerables, and in Ning Yudie's eyes, Celestial Venerables were peak experts …
Now that Luo Zheng had brought Aunt Hanjiu back to Immortal Mansion, he attached so much importance to Nian 'er's deciphered article.
In bed, Ning Yudie had inquired about how strong Aunt Hanjiu was.
Luo Zheng only told her that there were countless True Gods in the Realm of Gods, and that Aunt Hanjiu was an existence that all Gods looked up to …
Such a woman that all Gods looked up to could stare blankly at Nian 'er's article for half a month, how could she not be proud of her son?
Now that two of her husband's senior brothers had suddenly appeared in Immortal Mansion, their personalities were also strange, but they faintly revealed an aura that was not much inferior to Aunt Hanjiu's. They were also staring at Nian 'er's article.
It seemed that it was just as the book immortal had said, this mental cultivation method of the True Meaning of Dao was really more important than her husband's …
"But Nian 'er and my husband are the most important to me," she thought, silently glancing at Luo Zheng and Nian' er.
It didn't take long for Luo Nian to write a thousand words …
Soon, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng also encountered the same bottleneck as Luo Zheng.
Those words became extremely difficult to recite. The True Meaning of the Dao contained within them constantly attacked their souls.
It was Jing Wuhuan's first time reciting over 1400 words. His talent was also extremely strong, and his cultivation was profound.
From the looks of it, he seemed to be able to persevere. However, he knew when to advance and when to retreat. He also knew that cultivating the True Meaning of Dao could not be forced.
Yu Shenfeng, on the other hand, continued to persevere. His cheeks were puffed up, and his face was contorted in pain. He gritted his teeth as he read Luo Nian's handwriting …
Luo Nian was probably shocked by Yu Shenfeng's aura. She paused and looked at Yu Shenfeng worriedly before continuing to write.
She didn't expect that Yu Shenfeng's soul pressure would gradually increase. His messy hair began to dance in the wind, and the words between his eyebrows began to faintly appear. From the looks of it, he seemed to be losing control of himself.
If he fully released his soul pressure, how could Ning Yudie, Luo Nian, Xun, and the others possibly withstand it?
Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu glanced at each other, a trace of worry on their faces.
Aunt Hanjiu was already prepared to protect everyone …
However, Jing Wuhuan was more used to violent methods. "This idiot, he's gone mad again!" As he spoke, he raised the fishing rod in his hand and smashed it heavily on the character on Yu Shenfeng's forehead.
"Bang!" A loud sound was heard.
Yu Shenfeng was smashed to the ground, and Jing Wuhuan dragged him out of the side hall …
… …
… …
The next day, Yu Shenfeng's forehead was still red and swollen. His expression was gloomy as he silently sat next to Jing Wuhuan.
"Little junior brother, according to master's instructions, as soon as you set foot on Buzhou Spirit Mountain, we should return to Longxuan Forest and think of a way to become the master of this forbidden area," Jing Wuhuan said as he stared at Luo Zheng. He held the fishing rod in one hand and dipped it into the fish pond to catch the enormous goldfish.
"Now there's been an accident," Luo Zheng nodded.
Aunt Hanjiu might not be the key figure in his father's plan. His father only hoped that Aunt Hanjiu could help him. He did not expect that something like this would happen in the Sea of Time, which led to a mishap.
Luo Zheng couldn't enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain, so he brought Aunt Hanjiu back to Immortal Estate.
"I don't know what Firmament Sage's next step is. Does little junior brother know?" Jing Wuhuan asked.
Speaking of this, Luo Zheng looked gloomy, then shook his head.
As the saying goes, the onlooker sees most of the game. Luo Zheng was probably the person who was most deeply involved in the game, but he probably knew the least.
It was like this in Huan Yu. Even Hua Tianming couldn't compare to what he knew …
Now that he was in the divine realm, although he had some guidance, he was still like a headless fly running around aimlessly!
Perhaps it was because his father didn't have as much control over the divine realm as he did in Huan Yu, causing all kinds of variables to appear. That was why he couldn't enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain smoothly.
"To put it bluntly, although Firmament Sage is very powerful and the Great Yan Divine Dao is very mysterious, there are endless variables in the divine realm. It's impossible for him to have a perfect plan," Jing Wuhuan said calmly. He was very clear about the current situation. "If we look at the time you entered the divine realm, Firmament Sage's arrangement does make sense. It coincides with the battle for the floating island ranking and the opening of the forbidden area of the Sea of Time …"
Jing Wuhuan's innocent eyes kept flashing. His fishing rod trembled slightly, and one end of the fishing rod drooped down. A fish had taken the bait.
He flicked the fishing rod slightly, and the invisible fishing line really pulled up a big red carp. He swung the fishing rod lightly, and the carp was thrown back into the pond. He continued, "If I were Yu Taibai, waiting for you at Buzhou Spirit Mountain, I would definitely bring you to an important place."
"And this place is either currently opening, or some kind of event is about to take place …" Jing Wuhuan analyzed. "Actually, this isn't too hard to guess. According to the time Firmament Sage chose for you to enter the divine realm, Yu Taibai should be bringing you to … Ruomu."
"Ruomu?" Luo Zheng was startled.
"The Western Pole is Ruomu, the place where the sun falls, the main camp of the Sword Race, the place where the Dao Contest will take place," Jing Wuhuan said calmly. "In two years, a new round of Dao Contest will begin. If I'm not wrong, Yu Taibai will be bringing you to the Dao Contest."
A smile appeared on Jing Wu Huan's face when he spoke up to this point. "Perhaps Yu Taibai also has some True Dao Insights to impart to you …."
"Hehe, but your father miscalculated. You didn't go to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, but your father miscalculated even more. Your son's True Dao Intent is probably even more awesome than the one your father prepared for you!" Yu Shenfeng finally couldn't help but interrupt after a moment of silence.
"Shut up," Jing Wuhuan warned calmly.
Yu Shenfeng didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng was a little confused by Jing Wuhuan's deduction.
He knew that there were four sacred trees in the divine realm. The Dongfang Family seemed to have occupied the Eastern Pole Hibiscus.
The second most powerful family on the floating island, the Sword Race, occupied the other sacred tree, the Western Pole Ruomu.
Luo Zheng asked, "In other words, Yu Taibai will definitely go to the Western Pole Ruomu?"
"Most likely," Jing Wuhuan replied.
He wasn't worried about Yu Taibai, but Luo Yan.
"It doesn't make sense. If Yu Taibai really wants to bring me to the Western Pole Ruomu, what if Dongfang Chunjun comes?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yu Shenfeng's eyes revealed a hint of disdain, as if he was mocking Luo Zheng for not even knowing this. He had just moved his lips when Jing Wuhuan glared at him.

Chapter 1990
The North, South, East, West, West, and North Divine Trees stood in four different corners of the Divine Dominion.
The Dongfang Clan relied on the Fusang Divine Tree to develop so quickly.
The West Pole Divine Tree was home to the second-ranked clan, the Sword Clan!
The South Pole Divine Tree was occupied by the Black Moon Cult, the War God Temple, and the Heaven Spirit Pavilion. These three powers combined to form the third-ranked clan, the Black Moon Clan.
This was also why the top three powerhouses on Floating Island were so powerful. Ordinary powerhouses had a hard time surpassing them. These three powerhouses all relied on the Three Great Divine Trees of God's Domain. Their foundations were far from what ordinary powerhouses could compare to.
As for the Northstar Divine Tree, it was a divine tree with many transformations.
The Divine Tree would change every once in a while. Sometimes, it would turn into a land of ice and snow. Other times, it would turn into a molten hell. It wasn't suitable for clans to live in.
This Divine Era's Divine Tree was giving off a strong aura of death. Therefore, the Divine Tree Region had become a dead region.
"A non-offensive region? What does that mean? "Luo Zheng was stunned.
He knew that there were four Divine Trees in the Divine Dominion. However, they were all at the edge of the Divine Dominion. Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the chance to go there.
"There is a mysterious power in the Divine Tree Region. When this power is activated, no one is allowed to fight inside," Jing Wuhuan replied.
"No one is allowed to fight inside?" Luo Zheng found it hard to understand. "Will I be punished if I fight inside?"
Many Divine Cities in the Divine Dominion forbade fighting. If one fought, they would be punished by the stone slab. This wasn't a rare occurrence.
Jing Wuhuan smiled. "It's not like what you think. You can't fight in a non-offensive region. If you enter, you will be affected by a strange concept. You won't be able to fight others."
"Even Saints are no exception?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, even Saints are no exception," Jing Wuhuan added. "You can't imagine that feeling now, but you'll know when you get there."
"A non-offensive region is quite unique …" Luo Zheng muttered.
Just as Jing Wuhuan had analyzed, the timing of his entry into the Realm of the Gods was very important. His father would definitely have made some calculations about it. If he calculated according to the timeline, his next step would be to participate in the Dao Struggle.
He was only worried that Yu Taibai and Luo Yan would think of this step.
…
…
The forbidden area of Buzhou Spirit Mountain was a vast area.
The tens of thousands of meters tall mountain range extended for hundreds of thousands of miles, circling around an unimaginably huge mountain.
That huge mountain was the famous Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
Most of the time, lower True Gods could only explore the surrounding mountain ranges.
In the middle of one of the mountain ranges …
In a lush ancient forest, there was a sudden violent shaking.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Three figures shot out from the ancient forest and rushed down the mountain.
"Big Brother, let's go! I'll bring up the rear!"
One of the middle True Gods wielded a large saber. His entire body was riddled with wounds, and his snow-white robes were dyed red with blood. He looked extremely exhausted, but he was holding on by sheer willpower.
"Go! If we're leaving, we're leaving together! "
The other middle True God ordered.
The three middle True Gods followed the mountain ridge and charged down.
The ancient forest swayed again, and seven or eight bulky bulls drilled out of it.
These Barbarian Bulls had solid muscles all over their bodies. Their eyes were crimson red, and there were traces of black flames circulating around their sharp horns.
Although they were huge, they were abnormally agile on this mountain path. After they came out of the forest, they charged at the three middle True Gods.
These bulls were the third-level vicious beasts of Buzhou Spirit Mountain — Collapsing Bulls. They were widely distributed in Buzhou Spirit Mountain. They had violent temperaments, thick skin, and extremely strong hearts for grudges. Few True Gods were willing to provoke them.
The three middle True Gods were True Gods of the wealthy Bai family.
When they were exploring Buzhou Spirit Mountain, they had accidentally gotten separated from the main group. They had bumped into many obstacles along the way, and were in a very sorry state.
They had never imagined that they would provoke this herd of Collapsing Bulls. Unable to defeat them, they could only flee frantically.
After running for dozens of miles on the uneven mountain ridge, the middle True God in the lead suddenly stopped in his tracks.
"Second Brother, what are you doing!" The True God behind him asked.
"No, there's no way out …" The middle True God in the lead replied.
In front of them was a huge canyon …
If it was a canyon in an ordinary mountain range, it was nothing to a middle True God.
Although middle True Gods could not fly, these True Gods from wealthy families had some tricks up their sleeves. A height of tens of thousands of feet was not enough to make them afraid.
However, the canyon in Buzhou Spirit Mountain's forbidden area was a river without a source. If they fell into it, they could forget about climbing back up. If they jumped down, they would definitely die!
"Gulp, gulp …"
Those Collapsing Bulls quickly caught up.
They left behind footprints with traces of black flames as they closed in on the three middle True Gods of the Bai family.
"Big Brother, what should we do?"
"Jump down?"
"No, we'll definitely die if we jump down. Let's fight it out with these Collapsing Bulls. Maybe one of us can escape!"
As they spoke, the three of them took out their own life-saving treasures. Their eyes were red as they really planned to fight with these Collapsing Bulls.
However, after the three middle True Gods prepared for a while, they saw the herd of Collapsing Bulls walking in front of them. As they walked past, they would occasionally glare at them with their fiery red eyes. They did not attack …
The blood of the three True Gods slowly cooled down. They stared at each other, completely unable to understand what was happening in front of them.
"What's going on?"
"They're not attacking?"
"Collapsing Bulls don't have any spirituality or intelligence. This is not right …"
Just as the Bai family's True Gods were baffled, a clear and lively voice rang out.
"You … Which family's True Gods are you?"
A light pink cloth shoe lightly tapped on the mountain path. As the sleeves of her clothes fluttered, an agile figure instantly appeared. It was actually a young girl who looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old. She used the tip of her foot to tap on the back of the bull and used a graceful posture to look down on the three.
"You, who are you!"
The three middle True Gods of the Zhao family stared at the young girl on the bull's back. Their faces were filled with vigilance.
This young girl was admittedly a peerless beauty. Her pure face was brimming with a harmless and amiable smile. However, she suddenly appeared in such a situation. Furthermore, from the looks of it, these Collapsing Bulls seemed to be obeying her orders. No matter how one looked at it, it was extremely strange …
"Answer me. Which wealthy family are you from?" The young girl stared at the three and asked indifferently.
The situation before them was no longer up to the three middle True Gods to choose. They would die either way. No matter how strange it was, they would still die. The middle True God in the lead gritted his teeth and said, "We're from the Bai family! The wealthy Bai family! I'm Bai Xin. This is my second brother Bai Jin. That's my third brother … "
"I didn't ask for your names …"
The young girl did not expect this middle True God to open his mouth and introduce a whole bunch of people. Her face revealed a trace of helplessness. Her small eyebrows twitched slightly and she also emitted an enchanting aura. Her beauty was unparalleled.
"I just want to ask you a few things. If you can answer truthfully, I can guarantee that you can safely leave Buzhou Spiritual Mountain," the young girl added.
Hearing the young girl's words, the eyes of the three middle True Gods of the Bai family instantly lit up.
Although they did not know who this young girl was, since she could calm these rampaging Collapsing Bulls, she indeed had the ability to guarantee their safety!
"What is it? If this Bai knows, he will definitely tell you!" Bai Xin cupped his hands and said to the young girl.

Chapter 1991
"Something big happened on the floating island?"
Bai Xin was slightly taken aback.
Those who could enter the forbidden area were almost all true gods on the floating island.
From the way the girl asked, she didn't seem to know much about the floating island.
In other words, this girl had been staying on Buzhou Spiritual Mountain all this time?
Someone who could stay on Buzhou Spiritual Mountain all this time … The answer was already clear in his mind.
Buzhou Spiritual Mountain was now firmly in Yu Taibai's hands, which meant this girl should be on Yu Taibai's side!
The girl saw Bai Xin's flickering expression and knew what he was thinking.
The tip of her foot lightly stepped on Beng Niu's back, and her voice slowly turned cold. "Don't guess my identity. Tell me, what big thing happened?"
"Something big did happen on the floating island!" Bai Xin hurriedly said. "And, and it's related to the Luo family!"
Bai Xin already knew this girl was from the Luo family, and naturally understood what she was asking about. Moreover, there was only one big thing that happened on the floating island recently, so it wasn't hard to guess. Thus, his heart calmed down a little.
Their Bai family and the Luo family didn't have any grudges. As long as he answered this girl's question honestly, their lives would be guaranteed this time.
"The Luo family!"
Just as Bai Xin expected, the girl's eyes revealed a trace of anxiety. It seemed like she was very concerned about the Luo family.
"Rumor has it that one of Luo Xiao's sons snuck in from the universe and entered the floating island. He became an anonymous person and obtained terrifying battle results in the Arena of the Gods …" Bai Xin said.
After the Tower of Dusk Pageant, this matter had been privately spread by the true gods who had participated in the pageant. It wasn't really a secret.
When the girl heard this, her face was filled with unconcealable concern.
She had been waiting for her brother …
The hint she had asked Yu Taibai to pass to Luo Zheng was that she hoped Luo Zheng would come to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain.
Logically speaking, after the floating island's ranking, Luo Zheng should be able to enter the Cloud Dragon Stream with his ability. However, almost a month had passed, and she still hadn't seen him!
[Something must have happened …]
She might not be able to find out about this kind of thing.
For example, once Luo Zheng's identity was exposed, he would most likely be dealt with by the Mu family or the Dongfang family in private. Ordinary True Gods would not be able to find out.
However, her heart was filled with worry, and she couldn't help it. Thus, she used a scheme to trap the Bai Family's True Gods here.
She had never imagined that the Bai Family's True Divinity would clearly reveal what she wanted to hear. How could she remain calm?
"How is he now?" the girl asked again.
"Later, he was invited to participate in the High Sun Festival and was almost killed by Mu Xuerong," Bai Xin added.
Hearing this, the girl's heart trembled slightly.
"However, I heard that he was stopped by a Perfected Real God from the Dongfang Family. Then, he somehow snatched a treasure from a group of Perfected Real Gods and left the forbidden land of Sea of Time …" Bai Xin said with a puzzled expression.
Many true gods on the floating island felt that this rumor was nonsense when they heard it. Many true gods even raised their doubts.
For a mere lower True Divinity to snatch away a supreme treasure from the hands of a group of True Divinities was simply unimaginable. As for what happened in the imperial jade seal, only those True Divinities knew. Since those True Divinities wouldn't speak of the process, it was naturally impossible for ordinary True Divinities to know.
"And then?" the girl asked again.
She knew very well what it would mean if her brother's identity was exposed.
The Saints of the Grand Alliance would never let her brother go.
"Then, the controller of Soul Desolation, Shi Xiaoqiao, went silent. The Han Family's Secondary Sage carried her and used Space Travel to escape from the Dongfang Shenghuang." Bai Xin shrugged.
Many people had seen this scene, and no one doubted it.
"Escaped …"
Hearing this news, the young girl's ever-changing face finally settled down. She gently exhaled and a serene smile appeared on her face.
"Can you let us go now?" Bai Xin asked.
The girl nodded. Then, three Collapsing Bulls slowly walked toward the three True Gods.
The three Bai Family's Intermediate True Gods looked at the three Collapsing Bulls and became nervous. They were afraid that the girl would silence them.
They heard the girl say softly, "These Collapsing Bulls can carry you to the entrance …"
As soon as she finished speaking, she leaped into the air like a fairy dancing in the air before landing in the canyon behind the three True Gods. Then, she landed freely on the ground, her clothes fluttering in the wind …
When she was a hundred feet away from the bottomless water at the bottom of the canyon, her falling momentum suddenly stopped. Then, like a nightingale, she flew towards the direction of Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
…
On the south side of Buzhou Spiritual Mountain.
Someone had built a series of spacious stone houses here.
There were more and more stone houses, forming a small village. This was a village located in a forbidden area.
The girl landed lightly in the village.
"Sister Luo Yan! You're back! "A three-year-old boy in the village shouted at the girl.
Then, the other children also jumped in joy. "Sister Luo Yan is back!"
Luo Yan smiled and greeted the children. Then, she rushed toward the largest stone house.
"Eldest Senior Brother!"
She opened the door and saw that there were other people in the house. She looked around and called out respectfully with her hands behind her back, "Second Uncle, Third Uncle …"
"Yan 'er, you're back?"
"How can Taibai let you go alone to gather information? How can that be? I, your Third Uncle, am planning to look for you!"
The two uncles in the stone house were Second Uncle Luo Bingquan and Third Uncle Luo Junyi.
They looked no different from Second Uncle and Third Uncle of the Luo Family in the Eastern Region's Chongyang County.
Luo Yan was shocked when she was brought to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain by Taibai Yu for the first time. When she met these two uncles, she didn't look happy for a long time.
It turned out that when her father was setting up the Eastern Region, he had created two "substitutes" for her uncles, borrowing their names and appearances.
As for what happened in the Eastern Region's Luo Family, the two uncles in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain naturally didn't know anything …
It could be said that the two of them were inexplicably blamed by their big brother. So when they first met their little niece, Luo Yan was puzzled for a long time about the hostility they faintly showed. After Luo Yan explained, the two couldn't help but laugh, saying that Luo Xiao's move was really unkind.
"Luo Yan's talent and ability are not inferior to Luo Zheng's … the only thing she lacks is experience," Taibai Yu said indifferently. "Some things are better for her to do by herself."
"Yes!" Luo Yan said to her two uncles with slight dissatisfaction. "Uncles, you can't worry too much about Luo Yan. Like this, Luo Yan will never be able to grow!"
Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi could only shake their heads and smile. Then, Second Uncle asked, "Then what did you find out?"
"Big Brother had an accident on the floating island," Luo Yan said calmly. "His identity was seen through by Mu Xuerong."
"What?"
"How is he now?"
Second Uncle and Third Uncle's faces changed.
Taibai Yu also showed a trace of concern. He could see that Luo Yan didn't have any sad emotions. It seemed that the situation wasn't too bad.
"Later, he was saved by Aunt Hanjiu," Luo Yan replied.
Hearing this, the others let out a sigh of relief.
Then, Luo Yan recounted the news he had heard.
After speaking, Luo Yan said with a worried face, "I don't know where Aunt Hanjiu took Big Brother …"

Chapter 1992
Luo Zheng's failure to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain caused the situation to become complicated. Yu Taibai needed to redo his calculations.
Then, he had Luo Yan repeat the information he'd gathered.
"The treasure that Paragons fought over in the forbidden area must be a supreme treasure of faith!"
"A supreme treasure of faith in the Sea of Time, my goodness … Even a second-grade supreme treasure of faith has incredible abilities!"
When Second Uncle and Third Uncle heard that Luo Zheng had snatched a treasure from a group of Paragons, their faces were filled with shock.
Yu Taibai's eyes also revealed astonishment. "With Luo Zheng's strength, it's almost impossible for him to snatch a treasure from a Paragon. He must have encountered some other great opportunity …"
Luo Yan's face revealed a noncommittal expression. His lips curled up slightly as he raised his head and said to Yu Taibai, "Big brother has always been the most powerful!"
Seeing Luo Yan's cute and playful appearance, Luo Bingquan smiled faintly. "Good, good. In Yan 'er's eyes, big brother is indeed the most powerful …"
Yu Taibai also laughed involuntarily. Then, he sat cross-legged on the spot and began to move his fingers.
Wisps of gray aura revolved around his right hand. This gray aura was the "power of faith" activated by the Great Yan Divine Dao.
The Great Yan Divine Dao's calculations differed greatly from ordinary divination techniques.
All kinds of divination techniques were futile in attempting to see through the mysteries and seek the truth.
This move was still relatively useful in the universe because the universe's fate did not have many variables. The Saints who built the universe would more or less leave some flaws, and even deliberately release some hints, allowing others to deduce the truth of the future to a certain extent.
However, the divine domain was much more tightly constructed than the universe. It was almost impossible to deduce the future through some flaws in the divine domain.
However, the Great Yan Divine Dao's divination technique didn't rely on the divine domain.
At the same time as the divination began, Yu Taibai would completely integrate all possible changes into the Great Yan Divine Dao.
Relying on the Great Yan Divine Dao to create a temporary world, then observe the changes in this world, and finally investigate the results.
For example, if a bird was incubating its egg in this world, then the egg would eventually hatch, and a little bird would definitely be born from the egg. This was a predetermined cause, and then a result would be obtained.
As Yu Taibai and Mu Xuerong battled, he would take into consideration Mu Xuerong's personality and the Killing God Dao that she cultivated, as well as the fact that a Great Perfection Saint could instantly teleport away. He would begin to calculate the possible directions of her attacks …
In this process, the more variables there were and the more people involved, the more difficult it would be to calculate.
"Luo Zheng, Aunt Han Jiu, Dongfang Chunjun, Mu Xuerong, Faith Treasure …"
Yu Taibai's fingers danced, and the strands of gray aura began to transform.
In the eyes of Luo Yan, Second Uncle, and Third Uncle, the gray aura was transforming into human figures, but they couldn't see their shapes clearly …
"Immortal mansion …"
"Phew …"
The grey aura instantly transformed into a mini immortal abode that was constantly flowing. This immortal abode was exactly the same as the one Gu Bei had built.
"Royal God Blade …"
"Jing Wuhuan!"
Hearing Yu Taibai's muttering, Third Uncle Luo Junyi's face revealed a trace of confusion, "How is it related to the Gu brothers?"
Luo Bingquan pondered for a moment, then said, "The Gu brothers should have already begun to move. They want to control Takeshima Forest, so the chances of encountering Luo Zheng in the immortal mansion are very high!"
"Hiss …"
With a flip of his hand, Yu Taibai crushed the immortal mansion formed by the mist, a faint smile appearing on his face, "Second Uncle is right, Aunt Han Jiu is an outsider, she doesn't know our plans. Royal God Blade … although he's powerful, there's something wrong with his head. Jing Wuhuan knows our plans, and with his ability, it's not hard to predict our next move. The Dao Battle … Luo Zheng should be heading to a place that isn't an attack."
"Doesn't the Dao Battle have to wait two or three years?" Luo Yan said with dissatisfaction.
Yu Taibai smiled, "Yan 'er, you can't wait?"
"Three years and three years, I've already waited for so many years," Luo Yan said angrily.
Although the flow of time in the universe was much faster than in the realm of the gods, Luo Yan had left Luo Zheng when he was in the Central Domain.
Calculating these decades, according to the flow of time in the realm of the gods, it was still six years …
"Two years, there's still two years, we'll definitely see him," Yu Taibai smiled faintly, "But … I'm afraid he won't have time to comprehend the portion that master gave to Luo Zheng."
"Let me comprehend it!" Luo Yan smiled, "I'll definitely be more outstanding than brother, the Dao Battle! Brother doesn't need to do anything! Yan 'er alone is enough! "
Seeing Luo Yan's face full of confidence, the others shook their heads and smiled.
They didn't doubt Luo Yan's talent in the slightest. This Dao Battle would probably be the most exciting one in history.
…
…
Within the Immortal Mansion …
Luo Zheng, Jing Wuhuan, and Yu Shenfeng sat in a side hall, silently reciting the True Meaning of Dao Technique written by Luo Nian.
The True Meaning of Dao wasn't that easy to comprehend.
With Aunt Hanjiu's talent, she could only recite 2500 words in the first ten days, almost unable to recite more than 2501 words!
But on the eleventh day, her thoughts suddenly became clear. In just four days, she comprehended nearly half of the True Meaning of Dao.
At this time, Aunt Hanjiu no longer hoped to break through the shackles, as it would be difficult for her to continue.
"With one thought, with ten thousand thoughts, with desire …"
In this period of time, Luo Zheng could already recite the True Meaning of Dao Technique to 2700 words.
Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng weren't far behind. Jing Wuhuan broke through the 3000 word barrier in just seven days, his speed actually slightly faster than Aunt Hanjiu's.
But he was a very rational person, and whenever he felt tired, he would immediately stop.
Then he pushed open the door to the side hall, took out his fishing rod, and sat by the pond, fishing silently. This would often take several hours, his entire person in a state of deep meditation.
As for Yu Shenfeng …
"Plop!"
A moment ago, Yu Shenfeng was still gnashing his teeth and silently chanting. At this moment, he had already fallen to the ground and fainted.
"Idiot." Jing Wuhuan glared at Yu Shenfeng, then continued reciting.
Yu Shen Feng's talent was slightly higher than Jing Wu Huan's, but he was like a madman who risked his life, chasing after Yu Shen Feng relentlessly. In just three days, he broke through the barrier of 2500 words, his performance was even more stunning than Aunt Hanjiu's!
But the True Meaning of Dao Technique pursued the natural path, and when the conditions were right, rushing for success wouldn't be good.
Thus, after two thousand five hundred words, it was already difficult for him to move forward. Just like that, after two thousand six hundred words, he had already reached his limit. It was very common for him to faint at the slightest provocation …
However, after Yu Shenfeng repeatedly fainted over a hundred times, it was as if he had been injected with chicken blood. Word after word came out of his mouth clearly. His comprehension speed actually began to increase explosively. In just a few days, he actually broke through the 3,500 word barrier.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng and Jing Wuhuan were also very surprised.
"This guy, maybe being straightforward is also a kind of nature …" Jing Wuhuan helplessly curled his lips. He was used to Yu Shenfeng being like this, his talent was originally higher than his.
"Hehe, what's so hard about reciting these stupid words?" Yu Shenfeng smacked his lips, then continued to recite.
He, who was far ahead, was full of disdain towards the progress of Eldest Senior Brother and Youngest Junior Brother.
"What's with your expression?" Jing Wuhuan unhappily said.
Luo Zheng looked at Yu Shenfeng's complacent face and shook his head helplessly. He could only concentrate and silently recite.
However, after breaking through two thousand eight hundred words, he seemed to have reached a bottleneck. His soul trembled more and more violently, and it became more and more difficult …
"Since the True Meaning of Dao is comprehended naturally, this True Meaning is not created for the later generations. Rather, it is the True Meaning of an innate existence …"
When he memorized 2,850 words, a thought suddenly popped up in his mind.
As he thought of this, he suddenly felt that he had grasped an important opportunity.
The true meaning of nature that they cultivated was based on the human heart. However, this true meaning was the true meaning of nature. It could be imitated by all things!

Chapter 1993
A strange light seemed to shoot into Luo Zheng's mind.
The true meaning of the Dao was originally extremely complicated.
As one recited it, the true meaning contained within could touch one's soul and firmly engrave those words into one's soul.
If one couldn't bear the true meaning of the Dao, they naturally wouldn't be able to recite it. Thus, it was impossible to forcibly memorize these tens of thousands of words. One could only recite it, comprehend it, and memorize it.
The more words there were, the more the true meaning of the Dao increased, and the greater the effect on one's soul!
If one forcibly endured it, even someone as strong as Yu Shenfeng, who was an outstanding Perfection Paragon, wouldn't be able to bear the pressure of the true meaning in the end. Thus, Yu Shenfeng frequently fainted.
After Luo Zheng was enlightened in an instant, he discovered that all the pressure had completely disappeared.
Then, he recited the true meaning of the Dao technique again, and it became abnormally easy. As he continued to recite it, Luo Zheng felt that his soul had been upgraded to a strange world.
It was a desolate ocean …
Bits of faint crystal light scattered in the ocean. This ocean seemed to extend endlessly, and the other side couldn't be seen clearly.
As he took a step forward, an illusory boat appeared under his feet. At this moment, Luo Zheng faintly felt a sense of security in his heart. Only by relying on this boat could he possibly cross this boundless ocean.
In the side hall …
Yu Shenfeng, who originally seemed to have been injected with chicken blood, and Jing Wuhuan, who was constantly calming down, stared blankly at their little junior brother.
Luo Zheng's pupils were already completely dazed.
He just stared blankly at the true meaning of the Dao technique, reciting it at a slow and even pace. "If one doesn't meditate, don't envy ordinary things, don't …"
"This guy … he's already recited three thousand words." Yu Shenfeng grabbed his hair.
After breaking through his shackles, he could already recite three thousand five hundred words. In terms of comprehending the true meaning of the Dao technique, he was far ahead of eldest senior brother and little junior brother.
"No, no, I can't let this guy surpass me. He's just a mere Lower True God …" Yu Shenfeng also began to recite loudly.
Comprehending the true meaning of the Dao required both body and mind. How could one tolerate the slightest bit of distraction?
But the more anxious he was, the harder it was for him to recite …
Not long after, he felt dizzy, and the pressure on his soul doubled again. He had no choice but to stop!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng...
It was as if he had forgotten everything in this world.
All that was left was him and the heart sutra of the True Meaning of Nature.
As he chanted silently, the small boat beneath his feet grew larger and more stable!
"Four thousand words …" Jing Wu Huan's eyebrows jumped.
Yu Shenfeng was even more speechless.
His greatest pride was his unparalleled innate talent. This was probably the only thing he could use to cover up his shame as Gu Bei's disciple!
At first, Yu Shenfeng thought that his junior brother was only qualified to be taken in by Gu Bei because of his special constitution. After all, Luo Zheng was only a secondary life form, and there was still a world of difference between them.
Now, Yu Shenfeng finally understood that his Junior Brother's talent was above his!
Another incense stick of time passed …
"Four thousand five hundred words," Jing Wu Huan sighed, "I don't know where his limit is."
"Aunty Han Jiu said that the limit of her cultivation is 4,900 words, which is half of the True Meaning of the Dao. This guy's limit is probably around there as well!" Yu Shenfeng muttered. He was planning in his heart when he could catch up.
However, Luo Zheng continued to recite in an unhurried manner …
He saw an illusion in his eyes.
The small boat beneath his feet slowly grew larger. Gradually, a mast, side of the boat, and large oars appeared. They naturally merged into one whole …
The True Meaning boat became more and more complete!
"Four thousand seven hundred words," Jing Wu Huan smiled. He was very happy to see his Junior Brother's depressed expression. This guy should be dealt a heavy blow, and let him know that there was always someone stronger.
"What's so great about that? He probably won't be able to reach four thousand nine hundred words. I'll catch up soon!" Yu Shenfeng said disdainfully. He forced himself to remain calm.
"Four thousand eight hundred words …"
"Four thousand nine hundred words …"
Jing Wu Huan agreed with Yu Shenfeng's words.
Four thousand nine hundred words was originally a bottleneck. Most people who cultivated the True Meaning of Dao would be stuck at this bottleneck. If they wanted to break through, they would need a considerable amount of accumulation.
At this time, he and Yu Shenfeng stared at Luo Zheng with a trace of nervousness in their eyes. They pricked up their ears to listen to Luo Zheng's chant. The two Senior Brothers wanted to know if their guesses were correct.
However, Luo Zheng continued to chant at a steady pace …
"Five, five thousand words …" Jing Wu Huan muttered.
"This guy, ahhhhhhh …" Yu Shenfeng cried out sadly. He found it hard to accept.
He was the number one genius under his master. His master had said that among all the Perfection Sovereigns on the floating islands, his talent was at least in the top three. His talent was quite rare in the divine realm.
Yu Shenfeng still took good care of this junior brother of his. However, the talent that Ye Xiwen displayed made him lose his balance.
Not long after …
"Six thousand words." Jing Wu Huan didn't feel any burden in his heart. His eyes grew brighter and brighter. "Master's foresight is indeed not something we can compare to. I wonder what he will think if he knows Junior Brother is like this!"
Yu Shenfeng stared blankly at Luo Zheng. He was already completely numb. He didn't make a sound, nor did he react.
"Seven thousand words …"
"Eight thousand words …"
When Luo Zheng recited eight thousand words, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
A layer of pale white light emanated from his body.
This light was so pure that it seemed to be able to merge with all things.
After 8,000 words, Luo Zheng finally stopped. His vacant eyes had already slowly closed, and he sat cross-legged on the spot without moving at all. He'd already entered into a meditative state.
"Looks like it won't be long before little junior brother will be able to completely comprehend the True Meaning of Nature … He's only a Lower True God, but his talent is already terrifying." Jing Wu Huan sighed.
Yu Shenfeng looked at the meditating Luo Zheng. After a while, he said, "Junior Brother is simply cheating! His son is cheating. He's also cheating! "
He saw Junior Brother Luo Nian decipher a complete True Meaning Mental Cultivation Method. It was already quite ridiculous. One had to know that the golden Sanskrit was left behind by Master. This Luo Nian was only a teenager, yet he could completely decipher it. It was simply incomprehensible!
Now, Luo Zheng comprehended the True Meaning of Dao to such an extent right in front of him. It was even more difficult for him to accept …
At this moment, rumbling sounds came from outside the side hall. It was Luo Nian bringing the puppet that Yu Shenfeng had given him into the side hall.
Ever since he had this puppet, Luo Nian had been very happy. He brought it around the Immortal Mansion all day long.
"Shh." Jing Wu Huan asked Luo Zheng to lower his voice. Now that Luo Zheng had entered a meditative state, he shouldn't be disturbed.
"Yi, where's my father?" Luo Nian's gaze swept around the side hall. He actually couldn't find Luo Zheng's figure!
Yu Shenfeng's face was filled with confusion. He pointed at Luo Zheng. "Isn't that him?"
Luo Zheng sat upright on the floor of the side hall. Under the influence of the True Meaning of Dao, he was a chair, a table, or a pillar in this room.
As long as one didn't look carefully, it would be difficult for others to detect his existence!

Chapter 1994
Luo Nian turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng for a long time before separating him from the surrounding scenery.
This was a very magical feeling.
Because Luo Zheng wasn't in a hidden state. He was standing in the same place without any concealment.
"Father, how did you turn into a pillar …"
Luo Nian asked strangely.
"I think I turned into a chair," Yu Shenfeng said with a laugh.
Jing Wuhuan said calmly, "This is the release of the True Meaning of Taoism. What a wonderful state … It's really hard to describe this state. No wonder, no wonder that skeleton can turn the world against him. The True Meaning of Tao can point directly to the origin of life …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. All his thoughts dissipated, and the True Meaning of Tao dissipated from his body.
"Skeleton? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Jing Wuhuan smiled slightly. "You still don't know the purpose of the Battle of Tao, right? Or rather, you don't know why Firmament Saint allowed you to participate in the Battle of Tao? "
Luo Zheng shook his head.
He had gotten used to this state over the years.
Everyone around him seemed to know the truth. Only he was in a state of ignorance.
Every time he asked, they would shake their heads mysteriously and let him guess. This made Luo Zheng quite speechless.
So now Luo Zheng simply didn't ask anything. At that point, he should know what he should know.
"The Battle of Tao you mentioned must be a debate about the Divine Path," Luo Zheng said after thinking for a while.
Jing Wuhuan nodded. "You're right!"
The Divine Territory was an independent entity in the chaos. Or rather, it was like an isolated island!
As more and more True Gods obtained eternal life, they pondered more and more about this world. They explored space, Divine Path, and so on …
But how difficult was it to go one step further after Divine Path?
Apart from a small number of people who obtained some remnant True Meaning of Tao, it was almost impossible to advance.
However, those remnant True Meaning of Tao made some Sages, Quasi-Sages, and even Paragons understand that there was indeed a vast world after Divine Path. It was a boundless sea of True Meaning …
How to cross this sea became a problem that all True Gods had to think about.
The purpose of the Dao Battle was to solve the problems that had been passed down from countless divine epochs.
Every time a Dao Struggle was held, True Divinities from all over the Divine Realm would flock into it. Some of them would bring all sorts of golden Sanskrit characters with them.
Some of them traded their own viewpoints, expressed their own guesses about this world, and new understandings of the Divine Dao. They argued and debated with each other, and in the heat of the moment, they even criticized each other …
His ultimate goal was to find a breakthrough in the Divine Dao.
After hearing Jing Wu Huan's words, Luo Zheng asked, "What does that have to do with the skeleton?"
"Yes." Jing Wuhuan smiled. "Because when Ruo Mu grew up, it became one with the skeleton. The reason Ruo Mu is a non-offensive area is because of the skeleton. Or rather, because of the true meaning of the Dao released by the skeleton, no one can attack it … including the Saints!"
"The True Meaning of Dao in a skeleton can reach this level?" Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide.
Jing Wu Huan nodded.
"What kind of powerhouse was that skeleton? The True Meaning of Dao is so terrifying. "Luo Zheng was a little shocked.
Cultivating some Divine Daos, the aura released would also have very unique effects.
For example, the Great Ruling Art.
After cultivating the Great Ruling Art to the extreme, no one in the area covered by the True Divinity would be able to disobey his orders. If the True Divinity who used the Great Ruling Art asked no one to attack it, those who were affected by the Great Ruling Art would be unable to disobey!
However, the skeleton on Ruo Mu had been dead for who knew how many years. After it became one with Ruo Mu, it could prevent the Saints from attacking it?
Then … how strong was this skeleton when it was alive?
Hearing that, Jing Wuhuan smiled and said, "Although it's just a guess, we've already come to a conclusion about the skeleton's cultivation when it was alive. The skeleton probably took the boat of Truth Intent to cross the boundless Sea of Truth."
"Crossed the Sea of True Meaning?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of yearning.
Although he had recited 8,000 words of the True Meaning of Dao and comprehended 80% of this True Meaning, he still hadn't started his journey in the Sea of True Meaning!
"Yes, he transcended the Sea of True Meaning and reached the Nirvana Realm," Jing Wu Huan said indifferently. "He is a Nirvana Realm expert."
"Nirvana Realm!" Luo Zheng's eyes shone. "Then is he a creature of a higher level?"
Jing Wu Huan shook his head. "There is no conclusion yet. Since these Divine Epochs, that skeleton has been worshipped by the Sword Tribe as a sacred object. Even the Sword Tribe themselves are unable to find out the origins of that skeleton. It is also because of this that the Sword Tribe has called for the Dao Battle. The Sword Tribe is probably the tribe most interested in the True Meaning of Dao …"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I didn't know that the Sword Tribe had such a background."
"The meaning of the battle of the Dao this time is probably different, especially to you. Luo Nian's True Meaning of the Dao is just too timely for you," said Jing Wuhuan indifferently.
"Big Senior Brother and Second Senior Brother aren't going?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yu Shen Feng was shocked by Luo Zheng and was too lazy to speak.
Jing Wu Huan shook his head. "That's not something we should do. My goal is to let that idiot control the Takixuan Forest." Jing Wu Huan pointed at Yu Shen Feng.
Yu Shen Feng was dissatisfied and said angrily, "Can you not call me an idiot?"
Jing Wu Huan shrugged, not caring about his Second Senior Brother's dissatisfaction.
"The two of you control the Takixuan Forest?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know how to control a forbidden area, the Takixuan Forest was a level six forbidden area. It definitely wasn't easy to control it. Without the help of a Saint, even if Yu Shen Feng and Jing Wu Huan were strong, it would still be a difficult challenge for them to control it.
"It is indeed difficult." Jing Wu Huan shrugged. "But before Master left, he already helped us think of a plan." Jing Wu Huan pointed at the ground of the Immortal Mansion.
"You're saying that the thing buried underground is enough to help you control the Takixuan Forest?"
Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that when he removed the enchantment of the immortal mansion, it attracted a large group of ferocious beasts from the jungle. It seemed that there was something under the immortal mansion that was emitting a strong attraction to those ferocious beasts!
"You know?" Jing Wu Huan was surprised.
"Yes, Fu Luo told me." Luo Zheng nodded. "But what's buried under the Immortal Mansion?"
Luo Zheng was also very curious. What was under the Immortal Mansion?
"This … you'll naturally know in the future." Jing Wu Huan chuckled and didn't say anything else.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and didn't continue asking. He continued to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao and prepare for the Dao battle in two years.
As for Yu Shen Feng's puppet, Luo Nian got bored of it after playing with it for a while. Therefore, he began exploring the gourd given to him by Jing Wu Huan.
The gourd contained a world of its own, and it contained all kinds of things. It even contained martial arts and inheritances. Luo Nian would occasionally jump out from the gourd to tell Ning Yudie that he was safe. Most of the time, he would spend his time exploring the world of the gourd.
This gourd was originally a supreme treasure that could assist one's cultivation. During the past two years, Luo Nian's cultivation had increased tremendously. From the Divine Core realm to the Void Tribulation realm, and from the Void Tribulation realm to the Life and Death realm, it only took him half a year. Now, his cultivation was catching up with Ning Yudie!
During the past two years, Aunt Hanjiu had left the Immortal Mansion once to gather information about the Floating Island. When she heard that the Purple Soul Palace had been disbanded, she was depressed for a period of time. After all, the Purple Soul Palace was her blood, sweat, and tears. She had finally managed to reverse its fate, but in the end, it was all because of her own injuries.
No one knew what Jing Wu Huan said to Aunt Hanjiu, but it seemed to cheer her up.
During the past two years, Jing Wu Huan and Yu Shen Feng would occasionally stay in the Immortal Mansion to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao. But most of the time, they would go in and out of the Immortal Mansion. Every time they entered the Immortal Mansion, a light golden fishing line would appear on the fishing rod in Jing Wu Huan's hand. He would tie the fishing line to a pavilion in the Immortal Mansion, then leave with Yu Shen Feng.
The other end of the fishing line must be tied somewhere in the Takeshi Xuan Forest. As for where exactly it was tied to, when Luo Zheng asked, Yu Shen Feng would put on a silly and mysterious smile. Luo Zheng decided not to ask any further …
Two years …
For the Gods, two years was like the blink of an eye for an ordinary person.
In the west of the Divine Realm, heavy snow was falling.

Chapter 1995
This layer of snow in the divine territory, with the sea of time as the axis, engulfed half of the divine territory.
This was the heaviest snowfall in this divine era.
A thick layer of snow covered the Takeshi Xuan forest. The giant trees that were hundreds of feet tall were wrapped in silver and looked extraordinarily magnificent.
Ning Yudie, Xun, Su Lingyun and the other girls stood at the entrance of the Immortal Abode to bid farewell to Luo Zheng.
"Husband …"
Ning Yudie looked as if she wanted to say something.
She knew that Luo Zheng had too many things that he could not not do, so he grasped every moment that he could accompany her. But the day of separation always came in a hurry …
"This time, we should not be leaving for too long," Luo Zheng said with a slight smile.
Ning Yudie nodded silently. "This time, Lingyun and I will enter the Cultivation Pagoda …"
Previously, with their talents, they were destined to have no hope of attaining the Divine Dao.
The time in the Cultivation Pagoda was more compressed. How could they spend the seemingly endless years in the Cultivation Pagoda before they could reunite with Luo Zheng?
But with the help of Aunt Hanjiu, the compressed time in the Cultivation Pagoda, and diligently training, there was still hope.
The next step was to change their blood and avoid the punishment of the Governing Slate.
"Time to go," Aunt Hanjiu stood not far away and said faintly.
"Mm …"
Luo Zheng nodded, a trace of reluctance in his eyes. Then, he turned and left …
For the sake of this Dao battle, Luo Zheng had also made thorough preparations.
From time to time, he would pull Luo Nian out of the gourd and let him decipher the golden Sanskrit.
Luo Nian's temperament was not set yet. Although he was impatient with his father, he still deciphered many words for him.
Once, he even told Luo Zheng that he had fallen in love in the gourd. It was said that the other party was a princess of some divine country in the gourd …
The great world in the gourd was a second-class world. The living beings in that world were second-class living beings.
Under the protection of the Immortal Abode's boundary, he could even bring the living beings in the gourd into the Immortal Abode.
Luo Zheng did not care about this.
Luo Nian had already grown up. He should be in control of his own affairs.
However, Ning Yudie objected in various ways and even sealed the gourd to prevent Luo Nian from entering.
But when this kid was stubborn, his mother was helpless. In the end, she returned the gourd to Luo Nian.
During this period of time, this brat went back into the gourd again …
When Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu walked towards the light curtain, a voice suddenly sounded behind them.
"Father!"
Luo Nian appeared at the entrance of the immortal residence, a gourd in his hand and a smile on his face.
"Brat!"
Luo Zheng turned around and patted Luo Nian's head.
Luo Nian shrugged his head and chuckled. "The divine runes I helped you decipher are world-shaking. Don't disappoint your son!"
Luo Zheng shook his head as he looked at Luo Nian's mischievous appearance. This little fellow had grown up in a superior environment, but his personality was completely different from his own …
After bidding farewell to Luo Nian, Luo Zheng passed through the immortal residence's barrier with Aunt Hanjiu, holding the Xun token in his hand.
Aunt Hanjiu then put a hand on Luo Zheng's shoulder and said softly, "Shift!"
Luo Zheng felt as if everything around him was like a crumpled piece of paper, disappearing before his eyes.
The distance a Saint could move through space was a hundred times greater than a Paragon's range, but they could not cross half of the divine realm in a short time.
Aunt Hanjiu and Luo Zheng's figures flickered again and again, approaching the far west …
As they headed west, the snow became thicker and thicker.
If this had been in the mortal world, who knew how many people would have frozen to death.
However, in the Divine Domain, even those short plants were not afraid of the howling snow …
Three days later …
Dozens of lesser true gods were advancing through the vast snowy plains.
These true gods had come from afar, crossing mountains and rivers, passing through countless cities. They had even spent hundreds of shenwu coins. It could be said that they had gone bankrupt!
Some true gods, after gaining a certain level of understanding of the golden Sanskrit, or occasionally obtaining a few words of a true mental cultivation method, felt that they had gained something. In order to participate in the "Dao Battle", they would travel several years in advance.
In any case, time was worthless to true gods. Traveling in advance could save them a lot of travel costs.
"We've finally arrived. Big Brother, if we continue forward, we'll reach the non-offensive area!" A topless True God looked into the distance and said. The moment the snow came into contact with him, the snowflakes melted instantly. At the same time, they turned into water and began to boil with a sizzling sound.
"Mm, I don't know why, but I feel that the Dao Battle this time isn't so simple …" The leader of the group, a brawny man, muttered as he stared ahead.
At the edge of the non-offensive area, there was a clear dividing line. Entering it meant entering the territory of the sword tribe.
"Big Brother, why do you say that?" A true god asked.
The brawny man looked at the pure white snow not far away and said, "The sword tribe's goal in holding the Dao Battle is to hope that the gods can break through on the divine path. However, the sword tribe used to be very laissez-faire … This time, they seem to be much more proactive. They've even released all kinds of rare treasures. There's even a true mental cultivation method with 200 words!"
"This is indeed a little strange," another true god agreed.
Just as this group of true gods was discussing, two figures suddenly floated out of the snow line in front of them.
These two figures did not rely on any external objects. They were both floating in mid-air!
"Upper true gods!"
The group of true gods who were hurrying through the snowy plains saw the sky and felt their hearts tremble.
For some reason, this group of true gods felt a little uneasy even though the non-offensive area was right in front of them.
"Whoosh!"
The two figures, one black and one white, arrived in front of them in an instant.
One of the men, who was dressed in black, looked down and laughed in a sharp voice. "Welcome, True Gods, to the non-offensive area after traveling thousands of miles!"
Among this group of true gods, the one with the highest cultivation was only the middle true god. The others were all lower true gods.
The middle true god cupped his hands towards the two above, "May I ask if the two of you are from the sword tribe?"
"Sword tribe?" The black clothed man chuckled. "You can say that."
"Little brother Xiao Ye, it's my honor to meet the sword tribe. We've been traveling for two years and have come to participate in the Dao Battle held by the sword tribe …" Xiao Ye said politely.
"The Dao Battle is held for the world. Naturally, everyone is happy to participate. However … if you want to participate this year, I'm afraid you'll have to pay a toll," the black clothed man said straightforwardly. "Hand over all your shenwu coins and all your golden sanskrit. The non-offensive area will naturally be open for you!"
Xiao Ye and the group of lower true gods already had a bad feeling in their hearts. The non-offensive area was open to everyone. Suddenly, two upper true gods appeared out of nowhere. As expected, they guessed correctly.
"Two seniors, as upper true gods, you're also the most outstanding people in the divine domain. Robbing us, isn't it a bit …" Xiao Ye said with a face full of bitterness.
They were only here to participate in the Dao Battle and gain some enlightenment. Encountering this kind of thing was quite unlucky.
"Don't waste words with them. These people don't have much meat. Just kill them," the white clothed man said impatiently.
The black clothed man shrugged and said to Xiao Ye below, "Did you hear that? My little brother doesn't have much patience. If you say another word, I'll kill all of you!"
The group of true gods' hearts sank. Looking at the non-offensive area not far away, they sighed in their hearts. The non-offensive area was only tens of miles away. Once they entered, even saints couldn't do anything. Now that they were stopped by these two people, it was truly a disaster.
Realizing that they couldn't escape this disaster, these true gods dejectedly took out all their shenwu coins.
At this time …
Not far away in the vast snow plains.
Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu each put on a cloak and walked towards the non-offensive area.
The non-offensive area didn't allow teleportation. Aunt Hanjiu would only leave after sending Luo Zheng inside.

Chapter 1996
Those wealthy families would also participate in the Dao Contest.
However, Aunt Hanjiu had mentioned before that the Dao Children of wealthy families didn't need to travel long distances like ordinary True Gods. They only needed to head to the Sword Tribe's floating island and pay a certain amount of shenwu coins to use the Sword Tribe's teleportation channel.
The border of the non-attack zone was very wide, and Aunt Han Jiu had brought Luo Zheng to this place. It could be considered a remote place, and the possibility of encountering the group of rich kids was not high. Moreover, once they entered the non-attack zone, they would be safe.
The two upper True Gods, one in black and one in white, were very familiar with this area. They were fellow disciples of the same sect. The one in black was called Ryan, while the one in white was called Fan Chao.
Because this place was remote, the Sword Tribe rarely patrolled this area. On the contrary, many True Gods who came here because of its reputation would often take this route.
These two upper True Gods knew this. Therefore, every time there was a Dao Contest, the two of them would block the road and rob. Whether it was shenwu coins or golden Sanskrit, they wouldn't let go of anything.
Shenwu coins were hard currency in the Divine Realm. To them, it was naturally good stuff. As for the golden Sanskrit, they could take advantage of the Dao Contest to sell it. Perhaps if they encountered some rare golden Sanskrit, they could sell it for a high price!
Over the years, they had actually gained a lot from their robberies.
"I came from afar to take these Sanskrit words to participate in the Dao Contest. I can give you shenwu coins, but can you leave these Sanskrit words behind?"
One of the Lower True Gods pitifully took out a dozen or so Shenwu Coins. This was all he had.
"Hehe," the black-clothed Ryan sneered and grabbed the Sanskrit words in his hand. "These Sanskrit words are all rubbings and they are all common goods. Even if you give them to me for free, I won't take them!" After saying that, a flame flashed in Ryan's hand and burned the Sanskrit words to nothing in the blink of an eye.
"Ah …"
When the lower True God saw this, he cried out in extreme pain. The muscles on his face twisted …
He naturally knew that these rubbings of Sanskrit words were common goods. However, he had his own understanding of these Sanskrit words!
"A bunch of idiots hoping to get lucky. Letting you participate in the Dao Contest is just a waste of time …" Ryan said disdainfully. At the same time, his eyes inadvertently glanced ahead.
"Eh?"
Rein noticed that there were two Lower True Gods coming over. They were Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu. He was about to call Fan Chao to stop them when he suddenly saw Aunt Hanjiu under the cloak.
Although Aunt Hanjiu was completely shrouded in a thick cloak, but that gentle and beautiful face in this world of ice and snow added a sense of pure and holy beauty.
When Rein looked over, his eyes were immediately glued to Aunt Hanjiu's face, unable to move away. His heart was already restless, guessing what kind of exquisite body was under the cloak.
"Fan Chao, you keep an eye on this group of people. I'll go and stop those two." With a wretched look on his face, Rein flew forward.
Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu had long seen a group of True Gods in the distance, but they didn't know what they were doing.
"An Upper True God is flying over. Is he from the Sword Tribe?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes under the cloak.
Aunt Hanjiu shook her head slightly. "The Sword Tribe has many rules, and their clothes are all the same. It doesn't look like he is from the Sword Tribe. He should be an outstanding person from some small domains around."
"Stop." Rein flew over like the wind. He floated in mid-air and looked down at the two Lower True Gods. As an Upper True God, his sense of superiority appeared on his face without hesitation.
His eyes were fixed on Aunt Hanjiu's face. The more he looked, the more his heart itched. He envied the boy in front of him for his good luck with women. Then, he laughed out loud. "Are the two of you here to participate in the Dao Contest held by the Sword Tribe?"
Who were Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu?
Noticing Rein's unscrupulous gaze, and then looking at the group of people not far away who were paying Shenwu Coins, they already had an answer in their hearts …
"Yes." Luo Zheng smiled and replied.
He looked at Luo Zheng's harmless smile and felt even more proud. It seemed like this guy had not experienced much. This kind of guy was the easiest to deal with!
"Very good. Our rules here are that if you want to safely cross that line, you must first hand over all your Shenwu Coins and Sanskrit." After saying that, Rein pointed at the snow line not far away. Crossing the snow line meant entering a non-attacking area.
After saying that, Rein paid attention to the two's expressions. To his disappointment, their expressions did not change at all.
Luo Zheng looked at Rein and smiled faintly. "What if I don't?"
"You don't?" Rein sneered, "It's fine if you don't want to pay us. The beauty behind you only needs to serve us for 3-5 years. Given your poor look, I'm afraid that you can't afford too many shenwu coins …"
Hearing this, Aunt Hanjiu pulled her cloak lower. Some snowflakes had stopped on her slender eyelashes. She looked lovely and lovely. This appearance made Rein's heart burn even more.
"Huala …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and a large amount of Shenwu Coins appeared in his hand. His face was still as harmless as before. He smiled and said, "Is this Shenwu Coins enough?"
Two years ago, Luo Zheng had saved up a huge amount of Shenwu Coins in the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. Moreover, the forbidden area in his inner world was constantly producing Shenwu Coins. His current net worth might not be comparable to those Wealthy Clans, but it was far beyond those first-tier Clans.
He took out about four to five hundred Shenwu coins with a casual swipe.
"Eh?"
Rein's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
He did not expect Luo Zheng to be so rich. This amount of Shenwu Coins was not something an ordinary Lower True God could take out. Could he be a young master from a second-tier Clan?
This made Rein even more elated. He stared at Luo Zheng and laughed. "I thought that beauty was enough. I didn't expect to meet a fat sheep! Hand over everything you have, and I'll let you die in peace. "
Although Ryan said so, his eyes faintly revealed a wisp of killing intent. He couldn't figure out Luo Zheng's background, but for a little fellow like him who had some background, it was naturally better to silence him to avoid revenge in the future.
"Huu …"
Luo Zheng gently exhaled. With a flip of his hand, all the Shenwu Coins were instantly put into his spatial ring. A helpless smile appeared on his face and the aura between his eyebrows slowly changed.
As for Aunt Hanjiu, she still had a calm expression as if Rein did not exist.
Seeing the strange expressions of these two, Rein faintly had a bad feeling in his heart. However, he did not pay attention to this bad feeling. After all, facing two Lower True Gods, he did not feel any pressure at all!
"I gave you a chance." Luo Zheng curled his lips.
As soon as his voice fell …
Luo Zheng suddenly emitted a faint aura.
Then, he disappeared from Rein's eyes.
Although he was facing an upper True God, Luo Zheng was not polite at all.
Before comprehending the True Meaning of Dao, Luo Zheng might not be a match for a peak upper True God like Dongfang Ning. However, facing an upper True God outside of the aristocratic families, he could at least remain undefeated!
But in the past two years of cultivation, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao had risen to a new level. In addition, his godhead had become more and more stable, and his strength had also increased steadily. Facing these upper True Gods was naturally different.
"He disappeared?"
Rein was slightly surprised and puzzled. He could not figure out what kind of concealment ability Luo Zheng had used to be able to mysteriously disappear in front of his eyes! Even though his perception was not slow, it was difficult for him to detect any clues at this moment.
At this time, Aunt Hanjiu suddenly raised her head. As a gust of wind blew, she faintly smiled and said softly, "He didn't disappear."
"Then, then where …" Rein was somewhat frightened. However, after realizing that the other party was only a lower True God, he barely managed to maintain his calm. The difference in cultivation was too great. That boy should not be a threat.
Aunt Hanjiu looked at the empty space in the sky and a trace of appreciation appeared in her eyes. She faintly said, "In the wind …"
"Huu huu …"

Chapter 1997
Rein didn't understand the meaning of Aunt Hanjiu's words at all.
When the wind blew towards him, he instinctively felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't figure out what was wrong. After all, in this world of ice and snow, the wind was blowing all the time …
When he saw Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng was less than one foot away from him.
Rein, who felt a strong sense of crisis, became timid. He didn't choose to fight back against Luo Zheng at first, but instead, he shot towards the sky!
No matter what, the most important thing was to protect one's life. This was what most of the True Gods in the Divine Realm did.
However, since Luo Zheng was so close to him, how could he let Rein escape so easily?
Rein had only rushed half a body's distance away when Luo Zheng's hand reached out like lightning and grabbed one of Rein's legs.
At the same time, Rein felt a heart-piercing pain from his leg. Closely after that, he felt dizzy and fell downwards.
"Bang!"
He was smashed down by that powerful force. Even though he fell on the thick snow, the violent shock caused by it made his blood and qi surge.
"This guy … is he really just a lower True God?"
Rein, who was lying on the ground, opened his eyes wide and his face was filled with fear.
Not far away, those True Gods who were trembling with fear suddenly heard the noise and turned their heads. When they saw that the lower True God had smashed Rein to the ground, they all opened their eyes wide.
Xiao Ye and the others originally thought that the two lower True Gods would be like them and would be eaten by the two upper True Gods. However, they didn't expect that the black-clothed man wouldn't even have the strength to fight back after just one move from the young man!
"Damn it …"
Fan Chao's face changed several times when he saw that his senior brother was at a disadvantage.
He couldn't figure out the origin of that young man. His malicious eyes fell on Aunt Hanjiu. After making up his mind, he left Xiao Ye and the other True Gods and suddenly turned into a stream of light and rushed towards Aunt Hanjiu.
The moment he rushed over, a steel claw appeared in his hand.
The safest thing to do was to subdue this woman first …
With his speed, this short distance could be covered in the blink of an eye.
But just as he was about to charge at Aunt Hanjiu, the cloaked Aunt Hanjiu frowned.
Other than Dongfang Chunjun, it had been many years since anyone had attacked her. In other words, she had never fought anyone in this Divine Era.
Under the cloak, she raised her slender hand slightly and pointed at the white-robed man.
A formless energy had already begun to quietly condense into a sword within Fan Chao's body!
Like Rein, Fan Chao didn't realize how his opponent attacked him at all. He only felt a heart-piercing pain inside his body.
His internal organs, as well as the world within his body, had been turned into a complete mess by Aunt Jiu's invisible sword …
Boom!
"Pu!"
Fan Chao fell to the ground and spat out a mouthful of blood. His eyes were wide open and his face was filled with fear.
The charming beauty in front of him was like a ferocious monster to him. In his panic, he even used both his hands and feet to retreat.
Aunt Hanjiu's eyes were still expressionless.
To her, killing an ordinary upper true god was like killing an ant. It was simple and meaningless. If it weren't for the fact that this idiot wanted to take a bite out of her, she wouldn't have bothered to attack at all.
On the contrary, she wanted to see how Luo Zheng would deal with two upper true gods …
With a light twist of her finger, the sword that was stirring in Fan Chao's body shot upwards, entering his brain through his neck. His soul was completely crushed, and the top of his head was overturned.
Whoosh …
Bright red blood gushed out and spread across the snowy ground. It was a ghastly sight.
At the same time, Aunt Hanjiu seemed to be afraid of the cold and withdrew her beautiful hand back into her cloak.
Rein was dumbfounded …
When he saw Fan Chao attack, he understood Fan Chao's intentions. Since this man was difficult to deal with, he would use this woman to break through.
But after seeing this strange method of killing, Rein understood that this stunning beauty was countless times more terrifying than this young man!
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the pale Rein and slightly shook his head, saying, "Wouldn't it be better if you obediently kept those shenwu coins?"
Rein was regretful, but at this moment, he only had one thought left in his mind and that was to escape.
He suddenly turned around and soared into the sky, shooting in a certain direction …
However, he'd merely flown for around 1km before he noticed that something was off. He felt weak and powerless throughout his body, and he felt dizzy ….
When he turned his head to look, he was startled.
A long line of blood was left behind him, and the blood on his leg was constantly gushing out!
For an upper true god of humble origin like him, although his cultivation and strength were not bad, there was a huge gap between his experience and that of those rich and powerful disciples. He didn't have the opportunity to cultivate a supernatural ability and naturally didn't realize that he had been hit by Luo Zheng's Bloody Desolate Bite.
The faster he ran, the more blood he would lose.
After witnessing Aunt Hanjiu's strange method of killing, he didn't dare to stop at all. He still shot out at an extremely high speed and at the same time tried to stop the blood from gushing out …
But the small wound on his leg couldn't heal at all. This wound was like a demon, desperately sucking the blood out of his body and then spitting it out!
At this moment, he finally understood what this wound meant to him.
Seeing that he was losing more and more blood, he made up his mind and chopped down!
"Puchi!"
This chop directly chopped off his injured left leg.
This move was effective. If Luo Zheng had bitten his head with the Bloody Desolate Bite, he probably wouldn't have cut it off …
Rein was still flying away with half of his leg.
"Should we chase after him?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Don't waste time," Aunt Hanjiu shook her head and slightly focused her eyes. Strands of purple mist slowly condensed and turned into a monster covered with sharp thorns.
After this monster was formed, it waved its sharp front claws and crazily dug into the snow, quickly diving into the snow.
A slight bulge appeared in the snow, and this bulge spread towards the direction that Rein was escaping at an extremely fast speed!
"Let's go," after Aunt Hanjiu finished arranging this, she took a step forward and left a small and exquisite footprint in the snow.
Luo Zheng didn't even look back as he followed behind …
Xiao Ye and the group of lower true gods stood motionless in the same place. They were already dumbfounded.
Two upper true gods who had experienced hundreds of battles couldn't fight back at all in front of these two people. Especially that cloaked beauty, the monster she created with her purple mist divine path was many times more terrifying than an upper true god …
And she herself was merely a lower True God!
The scene in front of them was completely beyond their scope of understanding.

Chapter 1998
After the two of them left, the respectful expressions on the faces of Xiao Ye and the other True Gods slowly faded away.
The few of them glanced at the corpses of the two True Gods, then looked at each other and rushed over with a "swoosh".
Just now, they had given all their wealth to the two upper True Gods. Now, they naturally had to get it back!
These two upper True Deities were quite wealthy. They were likely going to strike it rich after looting it once.
Very quickly, the black and white upper True God's belongings, as well as their spatial rings, were all stripped clean. Finally, the middle True God Xiao Ye was the leader of this group of people, and he was the leader of this group.
"Where did those two lower True Gods come from? They didn't even care about upper True God's belongings? "One of the lower True Gods said with a strange expression.
"Sigh, how could a guy who could easily kill these two big brothers be interested in trash like this? Didn't you see that the youth was too lazy to do anything and casually took out a few hundred Shenwu coins? "Xiao Ye sighed," Those two big brothers must be blind. I think those two most likely came from a floating island … "
"You mean those rich and powerful people?" Another lower True God asked with wide eyes.
"Even a lower True God from a rich and powerful family wouldn't be able to take care of two upper True Gods so easily, right?" Another slightly older True God shook his head.
To most True Gods in the Divine Domain, the rich and powerful families in the Sea of Time were legendary existences. The True Gods that came from there were the elites of the elites.
It wasn't strange for a lower True God to challenge a middle True God outside of a rich and powerful family. However, to be able to easily kill a middle True God who was two levels higher … That was too unbelievable.
…
At the border of the non-attacking area …
"The non-attacking area is suppressed by the true meaning of the path of that skeleton. The stronger the cultivation, the stronger the suppression. If I go in, the Sword Race will find out," Aunt Hanjiu said softly, "I can only send you here."
The difficulty of suppressing a Sage and suppressing a True God was naturally different.
Luo Zheng smiled, "Aunt Jiu can also participate in the Dao Battle …"
Aunt Hanjiu slightly shook her head, "I still have to assist Gu Bei's two apprentices. Who let me be schemed against by your father again?"
Luo Zheng originally thought that Auntie Hanjiu had no choice but to be dragged into this mess. Now that he thought about it, Luo Zheng entering the floating island was already very dangerous. The only person who could bring Luo Zheng away was Auntie Hanjiu. Her being dragged into this mess might have been part of Luo Zheng's calculations.
Of course, Aunt Hanjiu was willing to do so.
Now that Jing Wu Huan was trying to control the Waterfall Spiral Forest, he was afraid that he would alert those Saints. Aunt Han Jiu would return to the immortal estate and temporarily take Ning Yudie and the others into her Purple Extreme Realm, then continue to assist Jing Wu Huan and Yu Shen Feng in their actions …
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he turned around and stepped into the border of the non-offensive land.
The moment he entered the border, an invisible aura enveloped his body.
After reaching the God Realm, most of the auras that True Gods emitted were ancient and ancient. After all, the lifespan of many True Gods was several God Eras, or even dozens of God Eras. This kind of time span was several orders of magnitude longer than the time that secondary life forms experienced.
However, Luo Zheng truly felt what eternity was from this aura in the non-offensive land.
This aura contained a sense of vicissitudes. It was like an invisible arrow that pointed from the beginning of time all the way to the end of time. It was as if all the destruction of this world was unable to eliminate this aura!
"This is the aura of that skeleton? Truly astonishing … "
Like all the other True Gods who had stepped into this land, they were all very shocked when they first felt this aura.
Seeing Luo Zheng standing in place and feeling that aura, Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly. She gathered her cloak and disappeared from where she was …
The "Ruomu Domain" covered by the non-offensive land was considered a large domain in the God Realm. For True Gods, it was also quite large.
After getting used to that aura, Luo Zheng put on the cloak and continued to move forward.
The path that Aunt Hanjiu had helped him choose was quite remote. There were few people on the way. Occasionally, he would meet some True Gods who were moving forward with their heads lowered. They even faintly revealed a look of alertness and did not have the slightest intention of chatting.
After walking like this for more than half a month, Luo Zheng saw a huge shadow faintly appear in the distant blue sky.
That shadow was like a boundless giant beast, sitting extremely far away …
"Ruo Mu?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
He had heard that Ruo Mu was not tall. It was the only one of the four sacred trees that grew horizontally. Like the banyan tree, it took root when it came into contact with water. It grew wildly in the Ruomu Domain's sea until it completely covered the sea. Only then did it stop expanding.
As he continued to move forward, he got closer and closer to Ruo Mu. The huge shadow also became clearer and clearer.
The number of True Gods he met along the way also increased.
Most of these True Gods were in groups of three to five and were moving together.
Among them, there were even hundreds of people who wore the same uniform and were moving forward in a line. It was obvious that they were well-trained disciples of certain clans …
After walking for more than half a month, Luo Zheng heard the sound of waves.
"Hua la la …"
He saw the thick roots of Ruo Mu in the distance. They were like the feet of a giant beast lying on the surface of the sea. They formed an extremely wide road that stretched to the shore.
On the shore, there was a towering sacred city. From the interior of this sacred city, there was a slender building that soared to the sky, like a huge sword pointing to the sky! Other than this huge sword, the intersecting buildings inside the sacred city were all of the same style.
Hence, from afar, there seemed to be countless swords erected inside the sacred city. It gave people a different feeling.
"As expected of the Sword Clan." Luo Zheng looked at the sacred city and smiled slightly. The culture of the sword had been completely imprinted in this clan.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
At this moment, not far away, a few True Gods carrying longswords suddenly knelt down toward the sacred city. After bowing in the snow, they wiped off the snow on their bodies and continued moving forward …
Not far away, they knelt down again, bowed, and continued moving forward …
To these True Gods who cultivated the sword, the Ruo Mu Region was their pilgrimage path. The reverence on their faces was not directed at Ruo Mu, but toward the Sword Clan.
When they reached the sacred city, Luo Zheng saw a row of guards dressed in black and white robes standing in front of the city gate.
They were lined up in a row, their expressions solemn. Waves of awe-inspiring righteousness emanated from them.
Those with evil natures would feel extremely uneasy in front of this awe-inspiring aura!
Most sacred cities in the Divine Territory required one to pay Shenwu Coins to enter. However, this sacred city did not have such a tradition. All the True Gods who came to participate in the Dao Battle only needed to show a Sanskrit token and they could enter freely.
It wasn't difficult to obtain a Sanskrit Inscription.
"Hey hey hey, young man, do you have Sanskrit? You can't enter without Sanskrit! " By the roadside of the city gate, a lower True God with a face full of stubble waved at Luo Zheng. With a 'whoosh', he took out a stack of white paper. The Sanskrit words on the white paper were naturally copied. There was even a layer of gold powder on the paper that flickered with a golden radiance. "One Shenwu coin per piece …"
Luo Zheng glanced at it and shook his head slightly.
The structure of the Sanskrit was rather simple. The information contained within was not very large. It was obvious that it was common goods.

Chapter 1999
Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered with this person.
He didn't expect this lower True God to pester him and block Luo Zheng's path, not allowing him to leave.
They couldn't fight in a non-offensive area, so no one was afraid of the other.
This lower True God saw this and pestered Luo Zheng at the city gates. Although many True Gods were participating in the Dao Struggle and had prepared some Sanskrit tablets, they were always able to fool some True Gods …
"You can't miss this opportunity! If you can decipher this Sanskrit tablet, you'll be able to shine in this Dao Struggle! " This lower True God observed Luo Zheng's expression as he walked. Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't respond, he took out another stack of papers with his other hand and said, "You don't like those. How about these? These purple-gold Sanskrit tablets are even rarer and cost one Shenwu coin each. It's a losing deal … "
Hearing the purple-gold Sanskrit tablets, Luo Zheng was slightly puzzled. His gaze fell on the stack of papers, and he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
It turned out that the purple-gold Sanskrit tablets were just a rubbing of Sanskrit tablets with a layer of purple-gold powder …
Many True Gods who were about to enter the city burst into laughter when they saw the purple-gold Sanskrit tablets.
This lower True God didn't seem to care at all and continued to pester Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng had no choice but to stop and look at this True God indifferently. He then snatched the golden Sanskrit tablet from his hand and said indifferently, "This Sanskrit tablet's structure is extremely simple. There are only forty-six words in it. The general idea is that it describes a kind of plant in the chaos. The fruit of that plant is very sweet and can quench one's thirst after eating it!"
After saying this, he stuffed the golden Sanskrit tablet back into the lower True God's hand and snatched the purple-gold Sanskrit tablet. "This Sanskrit tablet is even more boring. It's probably a poem from some race … These two Sanskrit tablets are meaningless. Stop pestering me!"
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Lower Real God who was listening was stunned. The other Real Gods were also skeptical of what Luo Zheng had said.
Even simple Sanskrit tablets weren't easy to decipher.
In God's Domain, there were probably thousands of different interpretations of a single Sanskrit character. This was also because the deconstruction of Sanskrit characters differed from one another. There had never been a unified understanding of Sanskrit characters. Many True Gods had their own interpretations.
As for some of the almighty figures in the Divine Realm, their gazes were even sharper and their interpretations were even more accurate. However, those comprehensions and understandings naturally wouldn't be spread among ordinary True Gods.
Luo Zheng explained the meaning of the two Sanskrit tablets so confidently, which of course attracted a lot of attention.
However, most of the True Gods thought that Luo Zheng was talking nonsense …
"Eh?"
At this moment, a white-clothed old man standing on top of the city wall frowned slightly. His sharp, sword-like eyes stared fixedly at Lu Zheng.
"This kid's explanation … is actually exactly the same as Great Master Qing Mu's understanding!" the white-clothed old man said with a face full of surprise.
Beside the white-clothed old man, there was a dignified young man. He nodded and said, "I remember that Great Master Qing Mu deciphered that divine pattern. According to Great Master Qing Mu's speculation, that divine pattern indeed recorded a tree. However, Great Master Qing Mu only said that there was a magical fruit on that tree. He didn't know what the fruit was used for. That kid actually said that the fruit could be used to quench his thirst …"
In the minds of the True Gods, gods of a higher level were creatures beyond their imagination. Why would they need to quench their thirst?
"But the first half of his explanation does match Great Master Qing Mu's," the old man said. "And the second Sanskrit tablet, he actually said that it was a poem. I remember that Great Master Qing Mu said that it was a kind of cultivation method."
The young man laughed. "That's right. Because of Great Master Qing Mu's words, many people desperately tried to comprehend some great magic from it, but in the end, they came up empty-handed. I kind of agree with this guy. Maybe it's just a lousy poem, but everyone treats it like a treasure. Let's find a chance to get in touch with this person."
"Let's wait first." The white-clothed old man shook his head and said, "If we get in touch too early, we won't be able to see the real thing. If he really has something, he'll definitely stand out. It won't be too late to get in touch with him then."
Luo Zheng had forced Luo Nian to decipher a lot of Sanskrit in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion.
For example, the two Sanskrit tablets in the young man's hands were of the most inconspicuous type. However, for the sake of fighting for the Dao, Luo Zheng had almost memorized every single word.
To be honest, Luo Zheng was a little confused.
Luo Nian came from the Vast Thousand Worlds and knew almost nothing about the universe and the Realm of the Gods.
These Sanskrit words were so complex that even a Saint would find it difficult to comprehend their meaning. However, when Luo Nian came into contact with them, it was as simple as eating and drinking. It was a piece of cake …
For a period of time, Luo Zheng wanted to release a wisp of divine sense and drill into Luo Nian's mind to take a look. There seemed to be a secret hidden in his soul that even he didn't know.
However, Luo Nian swore to die and even complained to Ning Yudie that Luo Zheng wanted to invade his privacy. In the end, Luo Zheng could only give up.
Looking at Luo Nian's drooping head and the faint sly look in his eyes, he really felt that Luo Nian was hiding something …
That lower True God seemed to be frightened by Luo Zheng's explanation. Holding the two stacks of Sanskrit rubbed, he stared at Luo Zheng and said in a daze, "You, are you telling the truth?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and walked toward the city gate …
The True Gods at the city gate lined up in an orderly manner and showed their Sanskrit to the guards in order.
After waiting for a while, it was Luo Zheng's turn. He shook his finger lightly, and a piece of emerald green paper appeared in his hand. There was a faint Sanskrit inscribed on the paper, and the Sanskrit inscribed on it emitted a faint aura …
"The original!"
"This boy actually has an original Sanskrit!"
"Where did he get it!?"
The eyes of the guards and the surrounding True Gods brightened when they sensed this Sanskrit.
There were countless Sanskrit words circulating in the Realm of the Gods …
This was because when a Sanskrit word appeared, there would often be millions or even tens of millions of copies. These copies circulated at a very fast speed.
However, there was often only one original copy.
There were even some Sanskrit words that didn't have the original copy and only existed in copies …
The vast majority of True Gods might have never seen real Sanskrit in their entire lives. The real Sanskrit here naturally referred to the original Sanskrit.
Some Sanskrit words were engraved on stone tablets, some were engraved on walls, and some Sanskrit words occasionally floated in the air.
There were also some Sanskrit words, such as the "Supreme Equipment Refining Technique" that Luo Zheng practiced, which was directly engraved on his own body …
Luo Zheng naturally made ample preparations before coming to participate in the Dao Battle. This Sanskrit word wasn't particularly important. He naturally didn't expect that a Sanskrit word that he casually took out would attract such astonished gazes from these people. Both inside and outside the city wall suddenly became quiet. Everyone's eyes were firmly fixed on the green piece of paper in his hand.
The inferior True God who had previously sold Luo Zheng the Sanskrit word was looking at the original copy in Luo Zheng's hand with his mouth agape.
On the city wall, the two True Gods, one old and one young, were also dumbfounded.
"This boy … Where did he come from? How could he have an original copy?" the young man said in a daze.
The expression of the white-clothed old man was also very interesting. Back then, he had begged and begged Great Master Qing Mu to allow him to see an original copy of the Sanskrit word. Moreover, Great Master Qing Mu was very careful and only allowed him to see it once!
No matter who it was, if they had an original copy of the Sanskrit word, they would most likely keep it a secret and carefully store it away like a treasure.
Copies could be modified, and the original Sanskrit word was the most accurate. This was another reason why original copies of the Sanskrit word were precious.

Chapter 2000
The guards stared blankly at the original Sanskrit in Luo Zheng's hand for a while.
The first guard to react looked at Luo Zheng with respect. He pointed at Luo Zheng's green paper and asked cautiously, "Can I, can I make a copy?"
There was no important information recorded on the Sanskrit on the green paper. Luo Zheng didn't mind and nodded in agreement.
The guard didn't expect Luo Zheng to agree. He was overjoyed. He thanked Luo Zheng repeatedly and quickly took out a light yellow stone.
There was a simple divine pattern on the back of the stone, and there was nothing on the front.
If the side of the stone was pointed at someone and the divine pattern was activated, the person's appearance could be copied.
It wasn't just a person's face that could be copied. If it was pointed at a mountain, the mountain's appearance could be copied. If it was pointed at a river, the river could be copied. It was very convenient to use.
Therefore, many True Gods had prepared a few pieces to use to copy some good golden Sanskrit characters.
The guard pointed the front of the stone plate at the green paper in Luo Zheng's hand. After a wave of energy came from his hand, the runes on the back of the stone plate glowed. At the same time, an identical Sanskrit character appeared on the front of the stone plate.
"Hey, what is this? It's very interesting." Luo Zheng looked at the stone with curiosity. He had never seen this kind of thing before.
"This is a Rubbing Stone." The guard smiled. "It's a common thing in our Ruomu Territory. I can give you some."
After saying that, the guard stretched out his hand and a stack of light yellow stone appeared in his hand. It was the Rubbing Stone he spoke of.
The origin of this kind of stone was the sea below Ruomu Territory. True Gods cut the Rubbing Stone from the bottom of the sea and fished it up. They then cut it into thin stone pieces and added divine patterns to it to obtain this strange ability.
However, the Rubbing Stone had a certain time limit. After a Rubbing Stone left the sea of Ruomu Territory for about two years, it would completely lose its effect.
So the Rubbing Stone wasn't widely circulated in the God Territory. Luo Zheng naturally hadn't seen it before.
Luo Zheng smiled and took the stack of stone pieces. After thanking the guard, he prepared to enter the city …
Who knew that before he could take a step, he would see the guards and dozens of True Gods looking at him.
They all looked at Luo Zheng with a pitiful expression. Luo Zheng didn't need them to say anything. They all wanted to copy his original Sanskrit.
Most True Gods had never seen the original Sanskrit in their lives.
They had encountered such a rare opportunity.. Moreover, Luo Zheng was willing to let others copy it. Who would be willing to let go of such an opportunity?
Not to mention them, even the white-robed old man and the young man on the city wall had the impulse to put aside their pride and run down to make Skill Copying!
"You … can copy his Sanskrit," Luo Zheng curled his lips and said. He then lowered his head and walked away.
In such a short period of time, he had already attracted so many people. If he really allowed these people to copy one by one, he probably wouldn't be able to enter the city!
The atmosphere in the Sword Territory's divine city was very peaceful.
Perhaps it was because it wasn't a place to attack, but the True Gods here didn't have much hostility. They wouldn't casually break out into conflicts. Even if there was a conflict, they could only glare at each other. At most, they could only teach each other a lesson.
In this way, if the True Gods of the Wood Territory could spend more time on cultivation and comprehension, they would be more at peace with the rest of the territory.
Because of the Dao War, the streets on both sides of the divine city were filled with True Gods from all over the God Territory.
Sanskrit was a commodity that was widely circulated in the God Territory. People in all the major divine cities interpreted it and even traded it with each other.
Luo Zheng had seen it in the Han Family's ancestral land.
Now, almost all of these people had come to the Wood Territory. Naturally, it was very lively.
Along the way, True Gods placed stacks of golden Sanskrit in different shapes on both sides of the road to trade. Some common goods were placed casually on the ground, while some rare golden Sanskrit was placed on delicate transparent jade pieces. In order to prevent people from casually copying, the surface of the jade pieces had been blurred. At a glance, one could only see a rough shape of the golden Sanskrit. Naturally, this was to prevent people from casually copying.
Seeing the dazzling array of divine patterns, Luo Zheng was instantly interested.
Most of the divine patterns were worthless. After countless years of deciphering, it would only be a waste of time. Thus, many True Gods wouldn't spend much effort to decipher some rare Sanskrit.
But this wasn't a problem for Luo Nian.
Anyway, deciphering a Sanskrit was as easy as eating and drinking for him. People who didn't know him would think that he was a lifeform that surpassed his level. It would be a waste if he didn't use such a heaven-defying ability.
If some Sanskrit contained the true meaning of Dao, or even some unique and precious content, then he would make a killing …
Thus, Luo Zheng's eyes swept across the road like a knife as he thought.
Behind Luo Zheng, the old man in white and the young man had quietly followed Luo Zheng.
"He seems to want to buy some Sanskrit?" The young man had a strange look on his face.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng wasn't an ordinary person. Why would he be interested in these common goods?
The old man in white also shook his head. "I can't see through this person either. Maybe he wants to pick up some rare Sanskrit?"
"Pick up some rare Sanskrit? Old man, are you kidding? You know what good things these guys have. Their rare Sanskrit is almost impossible to decipher. They don't have much value at all! "The young man laughed disdainfully.
The old man in white nodded slightly. Looking at Luo Zheng's back, he said faintly, "For you and me, it's indeed impossible to decipher, but maybe he can …"
Soon, Luo Zheng's actions were predicted by the two.
Luo Zheng's footsteps suddenly stopped in front of a stall.
The stall owner was a middle-aged man with dark hair all over his body. His face was covered in a layer of fine hair.
Apart from humans, there were many other races in the Realm of the Gods. However, after these races became true gods, they were no different from ordinary people unless they deliberately preserved their race's characteristics.
This middle-aged man's head was drooping, and his eyes were half-closed. He looked lifeless, but his narrowed eyes hid a shrewd luster.
In front of Luo Zheng was a row of exquisite brocade boxes. Blurry golden Sanskrit characters appeared on the surface of the brocade boxes. There were as many as seven of them.
These golden Sanskrit characters …
When Luo Zheng noticed the first golden Sanskrit character, his heart skipped a beat.
Luo Zheng had seen this golden Sanskrit character before.
To be precise, he had seen half of this golden Sanskrit character in the Immortal Mansion!
At that time, Luo Nian had told Luo Zheng that this golden Sanskrit character should be a kind of True Meaning mantra …
However, because there was only half of it, Luo Nian's decipherment was only intermittent. Thus, the True Meaning of Dao within was also intermittent. Thus, there was no value in deciphering it.
Now, he had actually seen this complete golden Sanskrit character!
More importantly, the True Meaning of Dao that Luo Zheng cultivated was a set of six Sanskrit characters. And the seven golden Sanskrit characters in front of this middle-aged man also seemed to be a set!
"Could this also be a complete set of True Meaning mantras?" Luo Zheng's heart madly jumped.
Not far away, the old man in white and the young man in white looked at Luo Zheng's uncontrollable excitement. Their faces revealed strange expressions.
"I don't understand this guy …"
"This guy has studied Sanskrit so thoroughly. How come he doesn't even know the Seven Sanskrit characters of Luo Shui!"
The Seven Sanskrit characters of Luo Shui referred to this set of seven Sanskrit characters.