Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.11

Chapter 1001
Qiu Ren's expression froze when he heard the soldier's words.
Qiu Ren was an ambitious and ruthless person. He had done well in the Lower Realm. Even after he ascended, he was still like a fish in water.
In his creed, if someone offended him, there was no way they could live!
He had lost all his face just now. On his way back, he was still planning how to deal with Luo Zheng! Now, this "Elder Chen" was telling him not to touch him. What kind of logic was this?
"Why?!" Qiu Ren asked indignantly.
Soldier Huang smiled coldly. "No reason. I'm just warning you not to touch Luo Zheng. It's fine if you listen to my advice, but if you don't, it's up to you. That's all I have to say!"
Then, the armored soldier with the surname Chen added, "When Luo Zheng ascended, he only took a few breaths to adapt to the pressure of the Primordial Qi."
After saying that, the two soldiers hurriedly left without looking back.
A complicated expression appeared on Qiu Ren's face as he gazed at the departing figures of the two armored soldiers. He could disregard the words of others, but since he was so familiar with these two people, even though their words sounded harsh, it was probably for his own good ….
Luo Zheng only took a few breaths to adapt to the Vitality pressure after leaving the Ascension Well? Qiu Ren's face revealed a trace of surprise.
When Qiu Ren had just ascended, his ability to adapt was extremely strong, but it still took him a full five days. This Luo Zheng had probably caught the eye of the Lingwu Holy Land …
Although most warriors born and raised in the Upper Realm had a prejudice against those who ascended from the Lower Realm, as a tenth-rank Holy Land, their thirst for talents was almost limitless.
Luo Zheng's performance after leaving the Ascension Well had already been reported by the soldiers.
The foundation of ascenders might not be as strong as warriors in the Upper Realm, but there were always some exceptions among them. Some outstanding people. No Holy Land would welcome such people!
Therefore, when Luo Zheng was mining, the Lingwu Holy Land had some soldiers secretly observe Luo Zheng.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was extremely cautious in his actions. Two days ago, he had used the Roaring Command to set up divine patterns that isolated the outside world from prying eyes. Otherwise, there would have been a huge problem …
Now, Luo Zheng was sitting in the wilderness, cultivating with his eyes closed. After his Martial Heart had been sublimated, he felt a sense of urgency. There were still many things he needed to do, such as helping Xun recover her former glory and strength, helping Qinglong and the others, and finding Luo Yan …
And all of this required great strength to back it up.
The ascenders around Luo Zheng were also secretly sizing up Luo Zheng with surprised gazes. They sighed inwardly. This brat actually pretended to be crazy and played a fool with Qiu Ren. They wondered what his fate would be after tomorrow.
Unless he never left the settlement and never went mining, Qiu Ren would hunt him down as soon as he entered the mines.
But the next day, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue continued to mine and returned safe and sound.
On the third day, when they returned from mining, there was still no movement from Qiu Ren …
On the fourth day, Qiu Ren appeared in the settlement. When he saw Luo Zheng, he actually put on a smile and greeted Luo Zheng!
Because of this, the cultivators in the mines immediately understood that Qiu Ren should have admitted defeat. As for the reason, they didn't know. Everyone had all sorts of guesses in their hearts.
Luo Zheng's mining efficiency was very high. Although the bottom layer of the mines was very dangerous, it wasn't a big problem for Luo Zheng. The most important thing was that he ran fast!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had already made plans. If he really couldn't escape, he still had a trump card, and that was to activate the "Gen Token" and escape into the immortal mansion. However, he hadn't used it even once in the past few days to dig out Zhen Yuanyu …
But Luo Zheng also couldn't dig out all of the Zhen Yuanyu. For example, one day, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue found a Zhen Yuanyu plant with at least fifty to sixty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu condensed on it!
But around this Zhen Yuanyu plant, there were three level 12 Vicious Beasts guarding it. Under such circumstances, how could Luo Zheng court death? He could only take Mu Mingxue with him and leave first …
Time passed very quickly in the mineral vein.
Unknowingly, the number of Zhen Yuanyu registered by Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue had increased to eighty pieces. The two of them only needed to pay another twenty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu to leave the mines and join the Lingwu Holy Place.
Mu Mingxue was naturally very happy. After joining the Lingwu Holy Place, she could rely on her uncle.
However, Luo Zheng told Mu Mingxue that he planned to accumulate two hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu.
At this stage, Luo Zheng didn't want to join the Lingwu Holy Place. If he wanted to become an independent warrior, he had to pay two hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a strange expression. The Lingwu Holy Place was a tenth grade Holy Place. He had also ascended to this world. Why did he want to leave here and become an independent warrior?
Luo Zheng didn't explain too much to Mu Mingxue. He and Mu Mingxue were just temporary partners.
On the contrary, Mu Mingxue was curious. But since Luo Zheng didn't want to say, she didn't ask.
However, things often went against one's wishes. Several months later, when Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue finally accumulated one hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, the Lingwu Holy Place sent two people here.
When the other soldiers in the settlement saw the two people, they all looked very respectful. Obviously, the two blue-clothed soldiers were important figures in the Lingwu Holy Place.
"This subordinate respectfully welcomes Hall Master Shen and Hall Master He!"
As early as the day before, the soldiers guarding the mine had tidied up the entire settlement. At this time, the soldiers were standing in a neat row.
The area of the Great World was really too large. Even though the Lingwu Holy Place didn't occupy a lot of area and was ranked last among the three Holy Places of the Spiritual World, it was still unimaginably large …
The Lingwu Holy Place had thirty-six halls, and each hall was in charge of a thousand big cities. In other words, there were a total of thirty-six thousand big cities in the Lingwu Holy Place!
The two people in front of them were the two Hall Masters of the thirty-six halls!
Most of the soldiers in charge of the ascenders were warriors in the Divine Sea Realm. If they couldn't make great progress in their cultivation in this lifetime, their final goal was to fight for the position of City Lord. Most of them wouldn't succeed. After all, in a big city of a tenth-rank Holy Place, there were many fifth-rank and even sixth-rank clans under its jurisdiction. There were even all kinds of "small Holy Places" …
These thirty-six Palace Lords were indeed rare and important figures in the Spirit Martial Holy Lands!
In addition to the leaders and the core figures of the Holy Place, there were many elders and the thirty-six Hall Masters!
How could these armored soldiers not be respectful to such a character who had graced this remote mine with his presence?
The two Hall Masters responded indifferently. The leader of the soldiers asked again, "What orders do the two Hall Masters have for us? As long as it's within this subordinate's power … "
Before the soldier finished speaking, Hall Master Shen said indifferently, "In your mine, there's an ascender called Luo Zheng, right?"
When the armored soldier heard this, he hurriedly nodded his head. "Yes, Luo Zheng is indeed in our mine!"
"Where is he?" Hall Master Shen asked again.
The leader of the soldiers looked around. Naturally, he couldn't keep an eye on Luo Zheng all day long. How could he know where Luo Zheng had run off to?
The other soldier immediately responded, "Hall Master Shen, Luo Zheng has already entered the mine today."
Hall Master Shen nodded indifferently, "Then we'll wait for him here."
The two Hall Masters were actually waiting for Luo Zheng here. The hearts of the soldiers suddenly jumped. They couldn't help but wonder what kind of background Luo Zheng had.
Previously, they had received a secret order from their superiors to secretly observe Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng's performance at the Ascension Well was very outstanding. This wasn't strange. However, just based on this performance, it was enough to attract the attention of the two Hall Masters? The soldiers found it hard to understand. At the same time, they were secretly envious of Luo Zheng. Although these soldiers were very superior in front of ascenders, many ascenders would achieve much more than these soldiers in the future …
The leader of the armored soldiers seemed to have guessed the purpose of the two hall masters' visit. He opened his mouth and said, "Hall Master Shen, Hall Master He, since the two of you are here for Luo Zheng, this subordinate has something to say!"
Hall Master Shen said indifferently, "Speak!"
"Luo Zheng has already dug up a hundred True Elemental Jades. Originally, he could have left the lode, but he still entered the lode. I guess he wants to gather two hundred True Elemental Jades. He wants to gain freedom and become an independent warrior!" The armored soldier said.
Hall Master Shen didn't say anything. Hall Master He chuckled, "Independent martialist? Ha ha, I'm afraid it's not up to him. "

Chapter 1002
The soldiers had volunteered to enter the mine to find Luo Zheng, but they were rejected by the two Temple Masters.
The two Temple Masters were very patient.
This deepened the soldiers' speculations. What was Luo Zheng's background that made the two Temple Masters wait for him in person?
Luo Zheng waited from noon until dusk before he retreated from the mine.
After Mu Mingxue had reached 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, she chose to leave the mine and seek refuge with her uncle. They had only left a Voice-transmitting Token to each other …
However, leaving a Voice-transmitting Token in the Great World was probably a joke.
The Voice-transmitting Token was a means of communication in the Lower Realm. The range of transmission was only sixty to seventy thousand miles at most, but the territory occupied by the Lingwu Holy Place was tens of thousands of times larger than this. In most cases, the Voice-transmitting Token was useless! Unless Luo Zheng was within sixty to seventy thousand miles of Mu Mingxue!
Ever since Luo Zheng jumped out of the spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng had been clear about his goal. Luo Zheng had always had a long-term goal, but he had just entered the Upper Realm and was still unfamiliar with the place. Luo Zheng naturally had to rely on himself to find out.
During this period of exploration, Luo Zheng prioritized waking up Xun. She had been sleeping for too long and showed no signs of waking up until now. Luo Zheng planned to accumulate 200 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu before looking for a treasure to restore Xun's soul.
Today's luck was good. He had encountered the Hydra again and snatched seven pieces of Zhen Yuanyu from it. Luo Zheng had also discovered this secret. If he wanted to find Zhen Yuanyu, he had to follow the Ominous Beasts. These Ominous Beasts were entrenched in the mine all day long to absorb the Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Zhen Yuanyu.
If it weren't for the fact that these Ominous Beasts were too powerful, Luo Zheng really wanted to leave a mark on them to save himself the trouble of looking for them every time …
However, as soon as Luo Zheng returned to the settlement, he found that the atmosphere in the settlement was a bit off.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed as he glanced at the crowd …
"These two people are quite powerful!"
So far, Luo Zheng had seen a lot of unimaginably powerful people!
Needless to say, the master he worshiped in the Immortal Mansion was just an afterimage left behind by his master. He couldn't estimate his strength, but Luo Zheng only knew that he was an existence that surpassed the universe.
Next was the young man who had taken his sister away from the Void Spirit Sect. That guy's strength was also unimaginable. With Luo Zheng's current vision, he still couldn't judge who was stronger between him and his Master.
Then there was the old man from the Demi-Immortal Tribe whom he had met during the dual cultivation ceremony with Ning Yudie. According to Luo Zheng's speculations, the old man was most likely a world overlord.
As for the two people in front of him, Luo Zheng felt that they were very strong, but they should be below the world overlord level …
No matter who they were, Luo Zheng didn't want to provoke them. After he landed, he planned to find the armored soldier to register the Zhen Yuanyu. However, looking at the armored soldiers standing in a row, it seemed that no one was coming to register. Luo Zheng didn't know who to give the Zhen Yuanyu to.
At this moment, Hall Master He walked towards Luo Zheng and smiled faintly, "You're Luo Zheng?"
As soon as he said this, Luo Zheng instantly understood that he was most likely coming for him …
No matter what, he couldn't avoid it. He nodded, "Yes, I'm Luo Zheng."
Hall Master He said directly, "Congratulations, you've completed your service and become a member of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!"
As soon as he said this, the armored soldiers looked at each other. Just now, the leader of the armored soldiers had already warned the two Hall Masters that Luo Zheng intended to become an independent warrior.
Luo Zheng frowned, then smiled faintly and said, "Sir, is there a mistake? I don't intend to join the Spirit Martial Holy Land. "
"That's not up to you. This is an order from the Holy City. We'll take you directly into the Holy City," Hall Master Shen said from the side.
Hearing Hall Master Shen's words, the jaws of the armored soldiers almost fell to the ground!
The Spirit Martial Holy Land's territory was really too big. Generally, warriors who joined the Spirit Martial Holy Land could only do some job or position in the 36 thousand cities!
Just like these armored soldiers, although they were warriors in the Divine Sea Realm, their cultivation was not weak even in the Upper Realm. However, being a city lord in these 36,000 cities was already a very good job.
The truly outstanding warriors had always set their sights on the 36 palaces!
If they were able to join the 36 palaces, for many warriors, it would be like smoke rising from their ancestors' graves.
However, the difficulty of joining the 36 palaces was unimaginable. For the majority of warriors, it was just an unattainable dream.
However, the 36 palaces weren't the core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. The core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land was the Holy City!
The Holy City was the most important place in the entire Spirit Martial Holy Land. It was also the capital that allowed the Spirit Martial Holy Land to compete with the other two Holy Lands of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Those who entered the Holy City didn't care about cultivation, only talent. Because as long as you had talent, if the Holy City wanted to give you the cultivation of the Spirit Sea Realm, it was a very simple matter.
Generally speaking, warriors who were chosen to enter the Holy City were usually below the Spirit Sea Realm. As for warriors above the Spirit Sea Realm, unless they were especially outstanding, the Holy City wouldn't take them in.
There was only one reason, and that was the Life and Death Realm tribulations!
After warriors broke through the Life and Death Realm, they would go through minor tribulations.
Many warriors with average cultivation would only go through five or six minor tribulations to open the Spirit Sea. Although they could enter the Spirit Sea Realm early, it wasn't a good thing. The less tribulations one went through in the Life and Death Realm, the less potential one had in the future!
Just like most of the ascenders, they were eager to enter the Spirit Sea Realm. These Spirit Sea Realm warriors weren't worthless. After all, their strength was there, but it would be difficult for them to achieve much in the future!
Warriors who could enter the Holy City often went through eight minor tribulations, and some even went through nine minor tribulations!
Therefore, there was a saying in the Upper Realm called the Nine Tribulations Realm …
It meant that if one could go through nine minor tribulations, there was a considerable possibility of becoming a Realm Lord!
Luo Zheng didn't know about these things, but he had swallowed the "Calamity Flower" in the Kingdom of God. According to Qinglong, this thing only existed in the Lower Realm. After he accidentally swallowed it, he was bound to go through nine minor tribulations.
At this moment, the armored soldiers were also dumbfounded.
They originally thought that Luo Zheng had caught the eye of the two Palace Lords and was qualified to enter the 36 Palaces. They didn't expect the two Palace Lords to directly bring Luo Zheng to the Holy City …
The soldiers surnamed Chen and Huang also felt a sense of lingering fear.
Fortunately, the two of them reminded Qiu Ren in time to not cause trouble for Luo Zheng. If they hadn't stopped him at that time, if Qiu Ren really did something bad, the two of them wouldn't be able to bear the consequences.
Under this lingering fear, the two of them made up their minds. They couldn't let Qiu Ren do anything rash. Although they had received many benefits from Qiu Ren, if Qiu Ren offended an extraordinary ascender, they would be the ones to suffer in the future!
Under the envious gazes of the armored soldiers, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "Holy City? Where is that? "
These words almost made the armored soldiers fall down. However, after thinking about it, this guy had ascended. It was normal that he didn't know about the Holy City.
Palace Lord He said, "It's the core of our Spiritual Martial Holy Land. If the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Land is a big Holy Land, then the Holy City is the Holy Land of the Holy Lands!"
This metaphor was very vivid. Luo Zheng immediately understood, but he still said, "What if I insist on refusing?"
Hearing that Luo Zheng wanted to refuse, the armored soldiers' hearts were bleeding. If it were them, as long as they could enter the Holy City, they would give up everything except their lives.
The two Palace Lords didn't show any surprise on their faces. After all, they were people who had seen the world. Of course, they knew that there were many tenth rank Holy Lands in this world. Some peerless geniuses might not be interested in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
Palace Lord He just said faintly, "With your current strength, you don't have the qualifications to refuse. Moreover, we were only asked to bring you to the Holy City."
Since these words were said, Luo Zheng naturally had nothing to say. They were all smart people. With his current strength, there was no room for resistance.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1003
Luo Zheng was also very curious. There were so many ascenders, so why did they choose him?
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that he wasn't the only one who was curious. The soldiers, the other ascenders, and the two Temple Masters were also very curious.
Even if this boy was talented and could adapt to the pressure of the World Qi in a very short time, it wasn't a big deal.
The Great World was so big, and there were countless strange people in the Lingwu Holy Land. How could he go to the Holy City with just this? They wouldn't believe it even if they were beaten to death!
Since Luo Zheng no longer refused, the two Temple Masters were relieved. Temple Master He and Temple Master Shen didn't know the depth of this matter, but the person who paid attention to this matter should have a considerable background. They didn't want to offend Luo Zheng.
Generally speaking, when leaving the lode, one would need to go through some handover procedures with the soldiers, but this was naturally unnecessary.
Not only that, the leader of the soldiers stood up at the appropriate time and said very seriously, "Luo Zheng is a special case to leave the lode. Logically speaking, he shouldn't pay these Zhen Yuanyu. These 100 Zhen Yuanyu naturally have to be returned in full!"
In fact, what kind of logic was this? It was just that this soldier was very clever. In front of the two Temple Masters, he naturally wanted to curry favor with Luo Zheng.
These 100 Zhen Yuanyu were still a considerable amount of wealth for Luo Zheng at this stage, so Luo Zheng naturally accepted it with a smile.
The two Temple Masters naturally didn't care about these 100 Zhen Yuanyu. Of course, they also knew that the soldier wanted to curry favor with them, so they just smiled faintly and directly took Luo Zheng away.
After Luo Zheng left, the lode immediately underwent a major reorganization. The ascender named Qiu Ren was the first person to bear the brunt of it. He was very unlucky. All the Zhen Yuanyu he had accumulated over the years was confiscated, and he had to pay 100 Zhen Yuanyu again before he could leave the lode.
As for the other ascenders, when they learned that Luo Zheng was taken away like this, they could only sigh secretly in addition to envy.
Along the way, Temple Master He used a very cordial tone and constantly chatted with Luo Zheng.
The two Temple Masters were very curious about Luo Zheng. They also wanted to know who brought him directly into the Holy City. They also wanted to inquire about the "big shot" behind Luo Zheng.
However, even Luo Zheng himself was a little confused about this kind of thing. How could he answer the two Temple Masters? In this huge Lingwu Holy Land, there was no big shot.....
After following the two Temple Masters into the Space Passage, Luo Zheng didn't know how far they had traveled. Even in the Ascension Passage, they flew for five days and five nights. Finally, they turned into another huge Space Passage and traveled for another three days. Only then did the two Temple Masters bring Luo Zheng out of the Space Passage.
When the light of the spatial tunnel dissipated, Luo Zheng discovered that he was standing on a ten thousand feet tall teleportation platform. When he lifted his head and looked around, what entered his eyes was a vast and boundless city. Luo Zheng was unable to see the borders of this city at a glance. Moreover, there were buildings that were ten thousand feet tall and were comparable to large mountains standing all around him!
He didn't know what material these buildings were made of, but they were all shining with a light blue luster. Therefore, when he looked at it, it felt like the city was carved out of crystal. It was very beautiful.
"Is this the Holy City of the Lingwu Holy Land?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh.
Based on Luo Zheng's understanding of the whole universe, the Lingwu Holy Land was not a particularly powerful force in the whole universe.
Previously, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding that the Human Race controlled a total of 10,000 Great Worlds. This was just one of the 10,000 Great Worlds. Moreover, the Lingwu Holy Land was not the most powerful Holy Land in this Great World. It was only ranked third.
However, the Holy City of the Lingwu Holy Land was actually of such a scale. Luo Zheng naturally sighed. The vastness of this Great World seemed to be far beyond his imagination.
When the two Temple Masters heard Luo Zheng's sigh, there was a faint look of pride on their faces. After all, they were warriors from the Mortal World and had not seen the world. Temple Master He said, "Just the Holy City alone has nearly 100 billion creatures living in it!"
100 billion creatures … How big is the Holy City? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Temple Master He smiled and said, "If we use an image to make an analogy, it is about one-tenth of the area of a Mortal World."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was stunned again.
Just the Holy City alone was one-tenth of the area of a Great Thousand World. This was …
Luo Zheng finally understood why it took 10 days to reach the Holy City through the Teleportation Channel.
Cities like Apocalypse City and Cloud Sea City were already considered large cities in the Central Domain. Even the capital of the Divine Kingdom's continent was probably comparable to Apocalypse City.
The area of Apocalypse City was at most one-thousandth of the area of the Central Domain's continent!
However, in the Mortal World where Luo Zheng lived, 70% to 80% of the area was ocean. The area occupied by the entire Central Domain was only about 3% of the area of the Great Thousand World.
In other words, the area of the city in front of him was already three times larger than the area of the Central Domain.
Some of the mortals living in such a large city would probably be unable to leave it for the rest of their lives.
The facts were indeed as Luo Zheng had guessed.
Not everyone in the Mortal World was a warrior. Most of them were still ordinary humans who were unable to cultivate or had no desire to cultivate. Most of them were unable to leave the city. After all, the Holy City was really too large. Even if a warrior in the Divine Sea Realm didn't use the Teleportation Channel, he would still have to fly for several days to leave the city completely.
"Okay, let's continue our journey!" Temple Master He was very satisfied with the shock on Luo Zheng's face.
After leading Luo Zheng away from the Teleportation Channel, Luo Zheng discovered that there were many straight thin lines in the air. These thin lines were intertwined with each other, but their heights were different. Currently, many warriors were flying along these thin lines at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had noticed these thin lines, Temple Master He continued, "There are too many warriors in the Holy City. If you fly too fast, you will collide with each other. Therefore, we used Divine Glyphs to arrange tens of thousands of thin lines that run through the entire Holy City. You see, the red line is the incoming warrior, and the blue line is the departing warrior. These thin lines are of different heights to prevent people from colliding with each other."
Luo Zheng finally understood the purpose of these thin lines.
Flying in the air could only be done after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm. However, in the Mortal World, although there were many Divine Reflection Realm warriors, it wasn't enough to make the entire sky overcrowded.
In the Holy City, the number of warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm and above was unknown. It was impossible to count. There were too many people flying in the air, so there must be a plan.
Therefore, these thin lines actually had the same function as the roads in the city.
Then, the two Temple Masters brought Luo Zheng to one of the thin lines and continued to move forward.
Just like Temple Master He said, all the warriors flying around this thin line were flying in the same direction. Although everyone's speed was different, the slow ones still gave way to the fast ones. In the end, there was only one line.
If it weren't for these thin lines, the sky above the Holy City would be so crowded that it would be impossible to fly.
However, Luo Zheng had just flown along this thin line for a short while when a group of martial artists came crashing over from the front!
This group of warriors didn't have the slightest intention of following the rules. They were all shouting and chasing each other. Moreover, their flying speed was extremely fast.
These warriors looked to be in their early twenties, but their cultivation wasn't low. Basically, they had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. Only a few of them were Life and Death Realm warriors.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Seeing these guys charging head-on, the cultivators who were in the same direction as Luo Zheng also dodged one after another. A guy with such cultivation at such a young age was mostly from a prestigious family. How could ordinary people afford to offend him?
Seeing this scene, the two Temple Masters slightly wrinkled their brows.
As the Temple Masters of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, their status was extremely high. However, even so, the two of them didn't want to stir up trouble in the Holy City. After all, the Holy City was a place of hidden dragons and crouching tigers. The thirty-six Temple Masters were indeed peak existences in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. However, there were many Elders and other characters above them. The less trouble, the better.

Chapter 1004
These guys were flying in the opposite direction of the thin line, breaking the flying rules of the Holy City. The bystanders were angry, but they didn't dare to say anything.
Luo Zheng had already retreated to the side, trying to avoid these guys.
Since he had just arrived and was unfamiliar with the place, he didn't want to cause any trouble.
What he didn't expect was that these two young warriors would charge straight at him with a trace of coldness on their faces. Obviously, they wanted to collide with him!
Luo Zheng didn't want to cause trouble, but he was never afraid of trouble. Just like those guys in the mineral vein, if they wanted to die, Luo Zheng wouldn't hesitate to make a move.
He had already taken a step back, but the other side still didn't let him go. Luo Zheng's face didn't change at all. He was accumulating power in his body.
Seeing this, the two Palace Masters were also shocked. They were entrusted with bringing Luo Zheng into the Holy City. Now, Luo Zheng hadn't been handed over yet. If something happened to him, how could they explain it?
The two Palace Masters were quite far from Luo Zheng. The young warriors were flying at a high speed, so it was too late for them to move away from Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was hit by these two Divine Sea Realm warriors. Palace Master He and Palace Master Shen only had time to warn Luo Zheng.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng stood in the air without moving an inch. His gaze was indifferent as he looked at the two guys who were about to crash into him.
The moment these two young warriors collided with Luo Zheng, they even laughed. At the same time, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth also curled up.
Seeing the strange smile on Luo Zheng's face, the two young warriors felt a little strange. What was this Life and Death Realm kid laughing about?
In the next moment, the three of them collided with each other.
Under the collision of their bodies, a muffled sound burst out.
"Puff!"
"Not good!"
The two Palace Masters' faces were also very unsightly. How safe was the Spirit Martial Holy Land? They didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so unlucky.
The group of male and female warriors in front of him were obviously the playboys of the Holy City. They didn't put others in their eyes. In their dictionary, bullying others was a matter of course, and they didn't need any reason. How could they have known that they would find Luo Zheng so coincidentally?
However, what happened next left everyone dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng only retreated a distance of several dozen meters before coming to a steady stop. After all, his opponents were two Divine Sea Realm warriors. Luo Zheng was unable to use "Power Transfer", so he could only rely on the body of a Saint Tool to forcefully resist. However, the power that erupted from his body had also neutralized part of the impact. Under the impact, Luo Zheng's Qi and blood were madly tumbling, but they were quickly digested by his tough body. The reason why he retreated so far was only to make his body feel better. If Luo Zheng wanted to show off, he could do it without retreating a single step.
However, the situation of the two young Divine Sea Realm warriors was very bad.
The moment the two young warriors collided with Luo Zheng, they felt as if they had collided with a mountain!
However, with the strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, even if it was a mountain, they would be able to smash it into pieces …
Therefore, in the entire Holy City, this group of playboys ran rampant. A few days ago, when they fought with others, they smashed more than ten thousand meters high buildings. Still, no one dared to say a word!
There was a reason for deliberately colliding with Luo Zheng. The reason was ridiculous. It was nothing more than seeing that Luo Zheng was a Life and Death Realm warrior, and Luo Zheng's appearance was only in his early twenties. To have such a cultivation at this age was not considered slow in the Upper Realm. Therefore, they took the initiative to provoke Luo Zheng, wanting to embarrass Luo Zheng.
They thought that Luo Zheng would inevitably dodge.
Who knew that not only did Luo Zheng not dodge, but he also stood still in the same place.
When they collided with Luo Zheng, they finally understood why he did not move …
Both of them let out a muffled groan from their noses. Under this high-speed collision, coupled with the explosive power of Luo Zheng, their internal organs were displaced. Even the opened Inner Worlds were constantly tumbling, and the True Essence Sea inside was surging with monstrous waves. There was also a tearing feeling in their Dantian.
"Puff puff …"
Blood spurted out from their mouths. Like two kites with broken strings, they fell straight down and finally smashed into the cold ground.
Below them was a mortal market. Today, there were countless mortals coming and going in this market. Suddenly, two Divine Sea Realm warriors fell down, startling those mortals.
However, the mortals living in the Sacred City were in a completely different world from the warriors. They also knew how to protect themselves. Seeing the two warriors falling down, no one dared to watch. Instead, everyone dispersed in a hubbub, fearing that the two warriors would get up from the ground and vent their anger on them.
It was too easy for warriors to kill mortals. Moreover, if they killed mortals, they would die unjustly …
"This …" For a moment, Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen did not know what to say. Although they were glad that Luo Zheng was fine, the result was too different from what they had expected.
As for the other dozen or so young warriors, they also looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. However, the first two warriors to react flew down and carried the two unconscious young men on their backs.
Luo Zheng glanced at Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen indifferently, then said, "Hall Masters, shall we continue on our way?"
The two Hall Masters nodded at the same time, muttering in their hearts, "No wonder this kid was chosen by a big shot. He does have some skills …"
Just as the three of them were about to leave, those young warriors suddenly became unhappy.
This group of people was tyrannical in the Sacred City. It had always been them who made others suffer losses. Since when did others make them suffer losses? The key was that after suffering such a loss today, this guy still wanted to run away? How could it be so easy?
"Stop. You want to run away after bumping into someone?" One of the young warriors said coldly.
Luo Zheng glanced at that warrior indifferently and said, "He bumped into me first."
"Hey, he bumped into you? Don't you know how to dodge? Instead, you stood there and let him bump into you? "Another young warrior continued.
Luo Zheng sneered, "Nonsense. You are a group of trash who have nothing to do. You don't have any skills. You deserve to die like this! You are looking for death, yet you still want to blame others. You should be the trash of trash! "
As soon as these words came out, those young warriors were stunned.
Everyone thought that Luo Zheng would continue to defend himself. Even the two Hall Masters thought that Luo Zheng would continue to reason. After all, along the way, they saw that Luo Zheng had a good temper. They didn't expect that he would suddenly become so arrogant halfway through his defense. For a moment, they couldn't accept it.
After experiencing the spiritual dilemma last time, Luo Zheng had understood that there were some guys in the world who didn't need to be reasoned with. For this group of people in front of him, only strength could make them understand what was reality.
In the Sacred City, few people dared to talk so arrogantly in front of this group of young warriors, even those warriors with strength. After all, this group of guys in the Spirit Sea Realm was extremely difficult to deal with. More importantly, their families were supported by a group of seniors in the Lingwu Holy Place. Therefore, even if some warriors suffered losses, they would just endure it.
Today, Luo Zheng was different from his usual self. He didn't give them any face and scolded them to their faces.
Foppish playboys cared about face the most. In their eyes, they could lose anything but face. Being called trash of trash by Luo Zheng, this group of people's faces turned from red to white. Soon, one of the young warriors said in a cold voice, "Do you know who we are?"
"Whoosh!"
A cyan light flashed in Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring. He held a long sword in his hand and pointed it at that young warrior, "Don't tell me who you are, and don't tell me who your seniors are. This is a common excuse used by trash! Come at me together or one by one. I'll let you choose! "
With this attitude, he didn't put these guys in his eyes at all.

Chapter 1005
In the air, countless cultivators were flying and moving on the thin lines that crisscrossed like spider webs.
These martial artists were not as timid as those mortals. When they saw that there was a dispute here, they also stopped to watch.
Hearing Luo Zheng calling these Divine Sea Realm martial artists trash and even threatening to challenge them, their faces were full of excitement. They knew that there was a good show to watch. They didn't know where this Life and Death Realm martial artist came from to be so arrogant.
However, this kind of arrogance had to be fulfilled. Without strength, this kind of arrogance was no different from courting death.
"Hahaha, you're just relying on your strong body and you dare to be so arrogant. You want us to challenge you alone? You think too highly of yourself. I alone can deal with you! "A long-haired youth walked out from the group of martial artists.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and raised the longsword in his hand, ready to fight.
At this time, the two palace masters couldn't take it anymore. If you want to fight, it's your business. However, the two of them were escorting Luo Zheng. How could they let Luo Zheng challenge these guys?
Palace Master He stood out at this moment and said to those young martial artists, "Sorry, we have important matters to attend to. We can't accept your challenge right now. You juniors should know when to stop!"
"Know when to stop? Who do you think you are? How dare you stop us! "The long-haired youth didn't care about Palace Master He's words and even scolded him.
At this moment, Palace Master He's face turned ugly.
The two of them were the palace masters of the thirty-six palaces. Although there were many experts in the Spirit Martial Holy Land, apart from the leaders of the Holy Land, there were more than a hundred elders and some other important people. The next in line were the palace masters of the thirty-six palaces.
In other words, in the tenth grade Holy Land, their positions were enough to be in the top two hundred!
Moreover, Palace Master He was old and his cultivation base was only second to the Realm Lord. Being scolded by these juniors in their early twenties, his face turned ugly.
Hall Master He sneered, "Brat, no matter who your elders are, you should know your limits!" To be honest, since these guys were so arrogant, they must have a powerful background. Therefore, Hall Master He had to restrain his anger. If it were any other warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm, he would have crushed them into ashes with a wave of his hand.
"Hmph, so what if I don't know my limits?" The long-haired young man clearly knew that these two Palace Masters had high cultivation levels, but he still didn't take it to heart.
"If you don't know your limits, then I'll have to teach you a lesson on behalf of your family's elders." Palace Master He was finally enraged. This group of reckless debauchees had really gone too far.
The long-haired young man smiled faintly. "My grandfather is Elder Crane Heart of the Lingwu Holy Land. Teach me a lesson? I'm afraid you don't have the qualifications! "
When the two Hall Masters heard Elder He Xin's name, their expressions froze. As expected …
In fact, the two Hall Masters had a rough idea from the beginning. Those guys who dared to be so arrogant in the Sacred City must have a powerful background. Otherwise, they would have been taken down long ago.
Probably seeing that the two Hall Masters were discouraged, this group of young warriors became even more arrogant. The long-haired young man sneered, "I wonder if you have the qualifications to teach me a lesson?"
Palace Master He was very embarrassed at this time.
Elder He Xin was an extremely powerful elder in the Lingwu Holy Land. He had a bad temper and was very protective of his own people. He was rude and unreasonable. Many Hall Masters had suffered in the hands of this elder. No matter Hall Master Shen or Palace Master He, they didn't want to provoke this old guy.
"Do I have the qualifications? Tell me!"
"Tell me loudly!"
"Who do you think you are? Just because your cultivation is higher, you pretend to be an elder here!"
This group of young warriors became aggressive when they saw the two Hall Masters softening their stance.
In particular, the long-haired young man took a step forward and sneered, "Tell me, how do you want to teach me a lesson?"
"I … This …" Although Palace Master He had powerful strength, he was forced to take a step back by the long-haired young man.
"Tell me! Looking at you, you should be the Hall Master or Deputy Hall Master of that Hall. You might be a big shot in your little place, but in the Sacred City, hehe! "The long-haired young man continued to press forward as he spoke.
Just as Palace Master He took another step back, a figure suddenly flashed by!
Luo Zheng broke through the air at this moment. At the same time, the Chaotic Energy in his body turned into an extremely powerful Law of Wind. With the help of the Chasing Cloud Movement Technique, Luo Zheng slapped the long-haired young man's face with lightning speed.
Luo Zheng's slap was not easy to bear.
The strength of this slap, even if it landed on a ferocious beast with a strong body, it would not be able to bear it.
As for the long-haired young man, he was like a spinning top as he spun rapidly in the air …
By the time the long-haired young man had resolved the strength of Luo Zheng's slap, half of his face was already red and swollen. The imprint of five fingers had also swelled up, like a relief sculpture inlaid on his face. It was incomparably clear.
Luo Zheng waved the long sword in his hand and sneered, "I said you were trash, but you didn't believe me. In the end, didn't you still have to bring out your family's elders?"
"You!" The long-haired young man was furious. The humiliation in his heart was completely covered by the pain on his face, "I will kill you!"
"Kill this brat …"
"Kill him with a thousand cuts. I want him to die in the dirtiest place in the Sacred City!"
At this time, the young warriors finally decided to swarm forward …
Luo Zheng also prepared to fight. However, although he was extremely arrogant, he did not intend to take the lives of these guys in this battle.
However, the two Hall Masters with profound cultivation would certainly not allow this to happen.
Palace Master Shen stretched out his hand and pointed, "Stop!"
Whoosh …
A power containing the Law of Time spread out and immediately shrouded these young warriors.
Palace Master Shen nodded towards Palace Master He and grabbed Luo Zheng. Palace Master He then used the Great Teleportation Technique, grabbed Luo Zheng and Palace Master Shen, and turned around. The three of them disappeared in a white spiral light, directly leaving this place of trouble.
The Great Teleportation Technique was something that could only be comprehended when one cultivated to a high level of the Law of Space. The principle was actually similar to Luo Zheng's space travel, but Luo Zheng's space travel could only travel a distance of several dozen feet. Even after two years of secluded cultivation and comprehending more of the Law of Space, his space travel limit was only maintained at a distance of 300 to 400 feet.
However, the Great Teleportation Technique could directly travel a distance of several hundred miles. This was also a major life-saving method for warriors who cultivated the Law of Space! After cultivating to a very high level, the Great Teleportation Technique could even travel an unimaginable distance. It could even teleport between great worlds!
After the three of them disappeared, the restriction of the Law of Time slowly disappeared. The young warriors all had ugly expressions. Today, they had suffered a great loss!
"Escape? As long as we're in the Holy City, do you think we can escape?" The long-haired young man sneered as he stuffed a pill into his mouth.
This eighth-grade pill was very expensive. For many cultivators, they would only swallow it when they were on the verge of death. In fact, although Luo Zheng's slap had left him in a sorry state, it was far more than just swallowing this pill. However, for him, the handprint on his face was too shameful. Naturally, he hoped that it would disappear as soon as possible.
The pill's effect was amazing. After swallowing it, the handprint from Luo Zheng's slap began to fade at a visible speed.
However, although the handprint on his face faded, his heart was far from calm!
Whoosh …
Under the Great Teleportation, the three of them instantly appeared in another part of the Holy City.
Palace Master He sighed and said, "Forget it, let's continue on our way!"
Luo Zheng saw the expression on Palace Master He's face and said indifferently, "Palace Master He, why are you afraid of that group of juniors? This kind of person should be taught a harsh lesson!"
Palace Master He didn't speak. Instead, Palace Master Shen said, "Hey, Luo Zheng, you don't know. Our thirty-six palaces may look impressive, but we can't compare to the Holy City. This group of people's background is really not small. I'm afraid they won't let you go.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1006
After all, the Holy Land of Lingwu was a tenth-grade Holy Land, one of the three overlords of a big world.
The core of the Holy Land was in the Holy City.
As the saying went, a higher official could crush people to death. How could Temple Master He and the others dare to provoke those elders?
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He had encountered this kind of thing too many times and was almost numb to it. However, he still smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern, Temple Master Shen. I'll be fine."
"I hope so …" Temple Master Shen nodded.
The three of them continued on their way …
Several hours later, a huge building appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The size of this building was about the same as the area of Tianqi City.
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that this building was not built on the ground, nor was it suspended in the air like the Cloud Hall. Instead, it was built on the back of a giant tortoise!
"This giant tortoise …" The giant tortoise under the building was obviously a living creature. It was just quietly crawling on the ground, motionless. However, the aura emitted from this giant tortoise gave Luo Zheng a vast and ethereal feeling!
"This is not a tortoise. It's called 'Feiyi'. It's actually a giant snake with a shell." Temple Master Shen said.
"Feiyi … It allows humans to build this on top of it?" Luo Zheng looked at this scene with his eyes wide open.
Temple Master Shen laughed and said, "Of course, it's the contract beast of our Holy Land Master. It also protects the safety of the entire Holy City!"
"This guy is pressed under such a huge building. Won't it move?" Luo Zheng asked again. He was really curious.
"It hasn't moved for 3,000 years, right? I remember that 3,000 years ago, it should be here. Later, it moved once … "Temple Master Shen said.
There were indeed too many interesting things in the Upper World. Just the Holy Land of Lingwu was enough to make Luo Zheng curious. He wondered how many miracles existed in other big worlds.
After watching for a while, Luo Zheng flew toward the building with Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He.
As soon as they approached the top of the "Feiyi", a team of armored soldiers rushed out of the building.
These armored soldiers wore brown dragon scale armor, and every single one of them had a cultivation level of the Divine Realm. After charging out like this, they blocked the path of the three people.
"We're waiting for someone to visit the Spiritual Martial Palace!" The leading soldier asked coldly.
Hall Master Shen smiled and took out a nameplate in his hand.
The leader of the armored soldiers glanced over and said, "So it's Hall Master Shen! May I ask what brings you here? "
"I was summoned by the Holy Lord. Please pass on the message," Hall Master Shen said.
Sacred Master? In other words, the leader of the Holy Land?
Did this mean that the ruler of the Lingwu Holy Land had summoned him? Luo Zheng looked even more confused.
He had no idea who the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land was. Why would he be summoned by the Holy Lord?
His mind was in a mess, but he couldn't come up with an answer. However, the answer should be revealed soon, right?
After the armored soldiers passed on the message, the two Temple Masters and Luo Zheng entered the huge Spiritual Martial Palace. The Spiritual Martial Palace had three inner layers and three outer layers. There were a total of six layers of barriers. Luo Zheng casually looked around and judged that these barriers were at least seven layers or even eight layers of barriers. This kind of protection was too tight.
After passing through these barriers, they directly entered the center of the Spiritual Martial Palace. In the center, there was a spacious hall. In this hall, there was a middle-aged man wearing a purple-gold crown. He was sitting alone at a table, and the table was filled with all kinds of strangely shaped fruits. These fruits emitted an alluring fragrance, and the middle-aged man was eating them one by one.
After Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He entered the hall, they stepped forward and bowed to the middle-aged man. "Subordinate greets the Temple Master!"
The middle-aged man faintly nodded and waved his hand. His gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
When this gaze fell on him, Luo Zheng suddenly felt like he was completely seen through. This middle-aged man was the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land?
Then this person's cultivation should be at the Sector Lord level!
Luo Zheng tried to guess this person's cultivation level. However, when the middle-aged man looked at him like this, he felt a little conflicted. The feeling of being seen through with a single glance was not good!
The middle-aged man could feel Luo Zheng's emotions. He only gave a faint "hmm" before continuing, "He's a good seedling, but at this level, he shouldn't be qualified … Why is that?"
These words were a little strange. Not only did Luo Zheng not understand, but Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He also didn't understand.
"Strange, strange." The middle-aged man didn't understand and continued to look at Luo Zheng. "Warriors of this level, our Spirit Martial Holy Land should have quite a few … It shouldn't be!"
These mutterings made Luo Zheng even more puzzled. He couldn't bear it any longer. Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about etiquette and asked, "May I know why the Holy Lord summoned me?"
Seeing Luo Zheng talking so casually to the Holy Lord without any etiquette, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He immediately became nervous. They knew that the Holy Lord was always very strict!
Who knew that the middle-aged man would only faintly smile. "Nothing much. It's just that throwing you into the mines is not very suitable!"
Speaking up to here, Luo Zheng immediately said, "If that's the case, can I leave the Spirit Martial Holy Land?"
"Hehe …" The middle-aged man faintly smiled. "Of course not. Not only can you not leave the Spirit Martial Holy Land, you can't even leave the Holy City!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked, "Are you going to imprison me?"
Temple Master Shen couldn't bear to listen anymore. You're just an Ascendant. What do you have that's worthy of being imprisoned by the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land? Are you kidding me? Temple Master Shen said, "Luo Zheng, the Holy Lord wants you to stay in the Holy City. Naturally, he won't treat you unfairly. You don't have to ask about anything else."
The middle-aged man waved his hand and said, "It's okay. It's not that I want you to stay in the Holy City. Someone is coming here. However, it will take some time. You can wait here for a while."
"Someone? Who is that person? " Luo Zheng stared at the middle-aged man and asked. This mystery was getting bigger and bigger. His curiosity was getting stronger and stronger.
"You'll know when the time comes." The middle-aged man refused to tell him. After thinking for a while, he said, "Shen Gongfan, take him to apply for a nameplate to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. During this time, you can use the cultivation area of the Spirit Martial Holy Land."
"Subordinate obeys!" Temple Master Shen hurriedly nodded.
"Okay, if there's anything, you can find me directly." The middle-aged man glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently.
After saying this, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He directly led Luo Zheng away.
Although Luo Zheng didn't talk much with the middle-aged man, it made Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He even more shocked.
Their Holy Lord was a Sector Lord level existence. He was one of the top experts in the entire Spirit Martial World. Although he didn't seize the authority of a Sector Lord, his strength didn't lose to any Sector Lord.
But today, the Holy Lord was so amiable. He allowed them to take Luo Zheng to apply for a nameplate. He even told Luo Zheng to find him directly if there was anything!
Just who was behind Luo Zheng …
Originally, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He guessed that Luo Zheng might be related to one of the Elders. But now, it seemed that the "big shot" behind him had an even bigger background than the Holy Lord. Otherwise, the Holy Lord wouldn't give Luo Zheng face.
One must know that the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was the core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Only the most outstanding disciples in the Spirit Martial Holy Land had the qualifications to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate.
Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He were originally from the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Even if they weren't the most outstanding existences, they were qualified for the position of Temple Master.
This kind of place would only allow the most talented core disciples to enter. But now, Luo Zheng didn't seem to be a member of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. This kind of "outsider" couldn't be allowed to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. But now that the Holy Lord had spoken, there was no problem.

Chapter 1007
Luo Zheng was only staying in the Lingwu Holy Land for a short while. He wasn't particularly interested in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
However, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse the other party's kindness.
After Luo Zheng left, the Holy Lord of the Lingwu Holy Land gently clapped his hands. From the side of the main hall, two old men stepped on the air and arrived.
"Holy Lord, what's the matter?" The old man asked.
The Holy Lord immediately said, "Inform Yulong to challenge this brat and test his strength."
The two old men revealed strange expressions. One of them asked curiously, "Holy Lord, you want Sima Yulong to challenge this brat?"
"Hehe, I'm afraid this brat isn't qualified?" The other old man said disdainfully.
The Holy Lord nodded, "Yulong has already broken through the ninth tribulation. As for the legendary tenth tribulation, it's hard to say now. Luo Zheng has only broken through the fifth minor tribulation. There's indeed a gap between their cultivation bases. However … there must be a reason why this brat was chosen by the Alliance. If Yulong can defeat this brat, I'll be able to open my mouth and send him to the Alliance."
Hearing the Holy Lord's words, the two old men revealed an incredulous expression. "Holy Lord, you're saying this ascender was chosen by the Alliance?"
The Holy Lord nodded with a puzzled expression, "This ascender is somewhat special, but it's not enough for the Alliance to pay attention to. I can't figure it out either … However, it won't be long before the Alliance takes this brat away. I want Yulong to challenge this brat and then recommend him to the Alliance. If Yulong can join the Alliance, it'll be greatly beneficial for him."
After hearing this, the two old men's eyes suddenly flashed. They said almost simultaneously, "Holy Lord is wise!"
Sima Yulong was the most outstanding genius of the Lingwu Holy Land's younger generation. The entire Lingwu Holy Land had high hopes for him!
Although he hadn't broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, he had already broken through the ninth minor tribulation!
In the whole universe, most of the Life and Death Realm warriors would have broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm by the fifth or sixth minor tribulation. Some outstanding warriors would have to go through seven minor tribulations. As for geniuses, they would have to go through eight minor tribulations. As for those who had to go through nine minor tribulations, they were extremely rare!
The more minor heavenly tribulations one overcame, the greater one's future potential would be.
This Sima Yulong had already broken through the ninth minor heavenly tribulation, but he still hadn't opened up a divine sea. It was very likely that he would attract the legendary tenth minor heavenly tribulation!
Not only that, when Sima Yulong went through the first minor tribulation, his lotus flower had already opened. When he went through the ninth minor tribulation not long ago, his lotus flower had already opened seven leaves!
This was also the reason why the Sacred Lord placed so much importance on this matter.
However, the entire Great Alliance controlled 3,000 Great Worlds. Sima Yulong was naturally the core of the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. However, with so many Great Worlds competing, it would be difficult for the Sacred Master to send Sima Yulong into the Great Alliance.
In contrast, this Luo Zheng was a mere Ascendant. He had just ascended, but he was actually selected by the Great Alliance. This naturally made the Sacred Lord feel somewhat unbalanced.
In front of Luo Zheng, the Sacred Lord naturally wouldn't show any expression on his face. However, he had already made plans in his heart. This was also the reason why the Sacred Lord was willing to make an exception and let Luo Zheng enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall.
The Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was the place that all the warriors in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary yearned to enter.
However, ordinary warriors couldn't join it at all. The number of warriors in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary was probably more than a billion, but only a mere 9,000 people could enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall! For every person who entered, there had to be a person who came out. There couldn't be more or less.
Those sixth and seventh grade aristocratic families would do anything to send their disciples into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. After all, once they entered the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, their future was almost limitless.
However, the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall had made an exception today. There was actually one more person in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, making it 901 people!
Moreover, this extra guy was actually an ascender!
This news spread like wildfire in the Sacred City. It was unknown how many warriors were envious of it.
There was once a seventh grade aristocratic family that was the wealthiest family in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. The entire Spiritual Martial Sanctuary had 4,800 mineral veins, and this aristocratic family controlled more than 2,000 mineral veins. In order to send a genius from their family into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, they directly threw out millions of Zhen Yuanyu!
One could imagine how the other warriors would feel if they made an exception for this Ascendant.
However, although everyone felt extremely unhappy in their hearts, when they heard that it was the Sacred Lord's personal order, no one dared to say anything.
In the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, there were all kinds of cultivation techniques and inheritances. Furthermore, there was a Spirit Gathering Array that the Sacred Lord had personally set up. The purity of the Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu was astonishing. In addition, there were also Spiritual Item Manuals, high-grade Law Stone Tablets, and …
There were all sorts of benefits. Some martial artists stubbornly believed that entering the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate would allow them to advance at a tremendous pace, allowing them to be reborn!
In any case, this was a legendary cultivation holy land.
Therefore, the moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he was destined to attract all kinds of envy and jealousy.
Many aristocratic families were also secretly observing this Ascendant, wondering if they should rope him in. After all, the 9,000 geniuses in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall all had their own affiliations. They either came from aristocratic families or were direct descendants of the Elders of the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. As for Luo Zheng, he was just an Ascendant who had jumped out from some unknown corner.
However, when Luo Zheng stepped into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he did something extremely inconceivable.
The Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in front of him was indeed extraordinary. As a cultivation holy land in the Upper Realm, it was definitely several levels higher than the Central Domain and the Divine Kingdom Continent. The Heaven Earth Yuan Qi that spread out from this holy land was rich and pure, but it did not benefit him much.
From the beginning, Luo Zheng's Body Refining Dao had embarked on an extraordinary path, which was to use his own body as a weapon to cultivate.
After cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique in the Immortal Mansion, he could be considered to have abandoned the True Essence system. The True Essence in his Dantian was completely replaced by Primal Chaos Qi.
Ordinary cultivation methods were almost useless to Luo Zheng.
Previously, he could not refuse the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary's Holy Lord. Since he was told to wait in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he could only wait.
Therefore, after stepping into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, Luo Zheng found a corner, sat down cross-legged, and closed his eyes to meditate.
As for Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen, who had led Luo Zheng into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, they were dumbfounded. Along the way, the two of them had bragged to Luo Zheng for a long time about the various benefits of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Where did this weirdo come from? Was he not interested in these things?
"This … Luo Zheng, the Cultivation Secret Realm in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall is very useful for Life and Death Realm martial artists …" Hall Master He could not help but remind him.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I appreciate Hall Master He's kindness, but Luo Zheng has his own plans on the path of cultivation."
The two Hall Masters knew that they could not persuade Luo Zheng. This time, by sending Luo Zheng to the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, their task was completed. As for other matters, they had nothing to do with them, so they bid farewell and left.
Luo Zheng sat in the corner and cultivated, but the bystanders were not pleased with him.
"This kid is most likely showing off! Entering a treasure mountain and returning empty-handed, hehe, even if you beat me to death, I won't believe it. Most likely, in less than a day, he will eagerly apply for the right to use the Cultivation Secret Realm! "
"Most likely. Our Holy Lord is willing to make an exception for a small ascender. This kindness is greater than the heavens, but he still wants to put on airs …"
"I really want to teach this guy a lesson!"
Luo Zheng did not know that just by sitting here, he had already infuriated countless people.
However, there was no one to disturb his cultivation. There were not many cultivators in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. At most, those who came and went only glanced at Luo Zheng before hurriedly leaving.
Unknowingly, three days passed.

Chapter 1008
Seeing that Luo Zheng really had no intention of entering the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate, those people changed their words.
"Is this guy stupid?"
"He's so conceited. Does he think that our Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall can't give him anything?"
"Since when can an ascender from the lower realms be so arrogant? Bastard!"
This kind of discussion spread in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall and even spread to the Holy City.
Many warriors in the Spirit Martial Hall knew that an awesome ascender had appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. It seemed that he didn't even care about the Holy Land that they yearned for.
Because of this, everyone became even more angry with Luo Zheng. At first, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was pretending. Now, they felt that he had hurt their feelings.
On the sixth day, a group of warriors appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
Luo Zheng had seen this group of warriors before. It was the group of young warriors that had clashed with Luo Zheng when he had just entered the Holy City.
The two warriors in the lead had been violently attacked by Luo Zheng. They had been knocked half-dead by Luo Zheng and had barely recovered after recuperating for a few days.
Most of the warriors in this group were direct disciples of the Holy Land's Elders. Their talents were not bad, but each of them had a flamboyant personality. When they heard that a weirdo had appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall and seemed to look down on this place, how could they let such a thing go?
When the two of them had recovered, the group returned to the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. They were also members of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
According to the rumors, they found a guy sitting in the corner, meditating with his eyes closed. However, when they swept their eyes over Luo Zheng's face, they were all shocked.
"How could it be this guy!"
"Hmph, it's really like searching high and low. I didn't expect this guy to enter the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall!"
"What do we do now? Do we directly capture this kid? "
After the conflict with Luo Zheng that day, these people had investigated Luo Zheng's identity. However, the Holy City was so big that it wasn't easy to find Luo Zheng!
Naturally, they had never imagined that the arrogant ascender of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was actually that kid …
"He's actually an ascender? What a joke!"
"Don't be careless. This brat's strength is really strange. I think we should invite someone to deal with him!"
"I'll go look for him! I think Tie Feiyu is not bad … Hehe! "
Even if they didn't have the previous conflict, they would definitely find trouble with Luo Zheng this time. Since they found out that he was the same person as the previous person, they naturally wanted to settle the old and new grudges together.
However, the strength that Luo Zheng had displayed had indeed made them somewhat fearful. After thinking about it, they could only ask for help.
As for Tie Feiyu, he was ranked in the top 100 among the 9,000 people in the Myriad Spirits Hall. His strength was unquestionable.
Asking Tie Feiyu for help was a little troublesome, and he would probably have to pay a price. But what was a mere price? For this group of playboys, face was the most important thing.
Therefore, they retreated for the time being.
However, their words were transmitted to Luo Zheng's ears without missing a single word.
He closed his eyes tightly, but the corners of his mouth curled up. Luo Zheng had long understood that blindly enduring was useless. Since this group of people was determined to make some noise, if he didn't take action, he was afraid that he would be letting them down.
A day later, the group of warriors returned, but this time, they were followed by a dark-skinned warrior.
This warrior also looked to be in his early twenties. There was a hint of ruthlessness between his eyebrows, and there were three blood-colored scars on his face, giving him a ferocious temperament.
When the group of young warriors stopped, the dark-skinned warrior walked out and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"I heard a few days ago that an Ascender joined the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. When I heard that he looked down on our Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he holed himself up here and cultivated alone?" The warrior said coldly to Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng opened his eyes, but the expression on his face was very indifferent. "It has nothing to do with looking down on us. I'm just waiting for someone in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Naturally, I won't train in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall."
"Waiting for someone? Hehe. "This answer naturally didn't satisfy the dark-skinned warrior. He stared at Luo Zheng and continued," If you're waiting for someone, then so be it. Since that's the case, do you want to spar with me? " Speaking up to here, the warrior's eyes revealed a trace of craftiness. He didn't directly challenge Luo Zheng, but asked Luo Zheng to spar with him. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would refuse. After all, in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he couldn't force people. If Luo Zheng didn't agree, there was nothing he could do.
Luo Zheng glanced at the dark-skinned warrior and said indifferently, "Spar with you?"
"Yes!" The warrior nodded with a smile.
Luo Zheng shook his head.
The warrior's face darkened. "What? You don't dare? "
As for the group of young cultivators behind him, they became even more displeased. They had spent a great deal of money to invite Tie Feiyu. If Luo Zheng refused, they wouldn't spit out the things they had given to Tie Feiyu.
"It's not that I don't dare," Luo Zheng looked up at the dark-skinned youth and said with a smile, "It's that you're not qualified!"
The moment he said this, Tie Feiyu's face, which was originally as dark as charcoal, suddenly turned completely red. It was as if his face was a piece of burning black iron!
Tie Feiyu was a genius ranked in the top 100 of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. When he crossed his tribulation, he had already opened his Lotus Flower and three Lotus Leaves!
More importantly, he had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. Although he had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, with his strength, ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors weren't his match!
Now, a Life and Death Realm kid was telling him that he wasn't qualified? There was no justice in this world … Tie Feiyu almost choked when he heard this.
Although Tie Feiyu was strong, he was a bit of a loner. He couldn't come up with any words to refute Luo Zheng. Just like this, he stared at Luo Zheng as if he wanted to swallow him whole …
As for the young warriors behind Tie Feiyu, they had already started cursing.
"Do you have any shame? Is it something a Life and Death Realm kid like you can say? "
"Do you think this is the lower realm? The geniuses of our Spirit Martial Holy Land aren't existences you can imagine! "
"It's fine if you don't have the guts to accept the challenge, but you actually used this reason to refuse. Your skin is too thick …"
Right now, it wasn't just these playboys who were angry. The other geniuses of the Spirit Martial Holy Land in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall were also angry. Luo Zheng looked down on Tie Feiyu, who was ranked in the top 100 of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. This was equivalent to looking down on all the geniuses of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
Tie Feiyu, who had been holding back for a long time, finally made a move. He suddenly took a few deep breaths, seemingly adjusting his state of mind in a short time. Then, he said to Luo Zheng, "Whether you are qualified or not, you must accept my challenge. Otherwise, don't blame me for making a move here!"
Nothing could be accomplished without rules. Naturally, the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall was not a place where one could casually make a move. However, all the martial artists in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, including the mentors in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, were very unhappy with Luo Zheng. Even if Tie Feiyu broke the rules, no one would punish him.
Tie Feiyu's words might not be sharp enough, but he wasn't stupid. Of course, he could understand these details.
However, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I said you are not qualified. Naturally, you are not qualified. If you make a move against me, you will definitely be humiliated. So, I am doing this for your own good. Are you sure you want to make a move against me?"
These words made Tie Feiyu almost vomit blood again. He felt that he couldn't talk to Luo Zheng anymore, so he decisively circulated his True Essence to force Luo Zheng to make a move.
Who knew that at this moment, a warrior in white floated over and said softly, "Junior Brother Tie, you … are indeed not qualified to challenge Luo Zheng."
"Senior Brother Yulong!"
"Sima Yulong is here!"
"Is he also here for Luo Zheng?"
Sima Yulong was the number one genius in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. He deserved to be number one because the gap between him and the number two was unimaginable.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1009
If the geniuses of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall were divided into several tiers, the first tier would be the first tier.
Then the second rank to the hundredth rank would be the second rank, and the first rank would only have Sima Yulong!
More importantly, Sima Yulong had yet to break through to the Divine Sea Realm! Moreover, he had already gone through nine minor tribulations!
When Luo Zheng swallowed the Calamity Flower, Qinglong told Luo Zheng that the Calamity Flower was a very rare treasure for warriors. Moreover, it only appeared in the lower realms. It was a special benefit for warriors in the lower realms.
After swallowing the Calamity Flower, the warrior would be forced to go through nine rounds of Life and Death Calamity!
Once a warrior entered the Life and Death Realm, it was not better to enter the Divine Sea Realm as soon as possible. On the contrary, the more minor tribulations one experienced, the stronger one's foundation would be!
Sima Yulong's nine minor tribulations was already a rare existence. However, the entire Spiritual Martial Saint Land was looking forward to Sima Yulong's tenth minor tribulation!
It was said that those who could go through ten minor tribulations in the Life and Death Realm had a high chance of becoming a Heavenly Lord!
Sima Yulong was nurtured by the Spiritual Martial Saint Land. If a Heavenly Lord appeared in the Spiritual Martial Saint Land, how glorious would that be?
Right now, the Spiritual Martial Saint Land could only be ranked third in the Spiritual Martial World. Most of the time, they were pushed aside by the other two Saint Lands. If Sima Yulong soared, then all the warriors in the Spiritual Martial Saint Land would benefit from his glory.
Once Sima Yulong spoke, Tie Feiyu had nothing to say.
In the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, Sima Yulong was the real number one. Many times, his words were even more effective than those of the Hall Masters.
Now that he said he was not qualified, then Tie Feiyu was not qualified!
The others were also silent, but a trace of confusion could be seen in their eyes.
Why? Why was Tie Feiyu not qualified?
This Luo Zheng was only a Life and Death Realm warrior, and he could not be compared to Senior Brother Yulong!
Their Senior Brother Yulong was a genius among geniuses. It was because he was waiting for the tenth minor tribulation that he did not reach the Divine Sea Realm. As long as he wanted to, he could reach the Divine Sea Realm at any time.
Who was this Luo Zheng?
He was only at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm. If one were to casually search the Holy City, one would be able to find hundreds of thousands of people like him.
None of them dared to refute Sima Yulong's words. Sima Yulong was a super genius nurtured by the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Place. His words were the golden rule and there was no room for doubt.
Sima Yulong slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. He calmly sized up Luo Zheng and said, "I, Sima Yulong, would like to challenge you."
When everyone saw Sima Yulong come out and agree with Luo Zheng's words, they were all very dissatisfied. But they never thought that Senior Brother Yulong would directly challenge Luo Zheng!
This was even harder for them to accept than Sima Yulong's first words.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng was not qualified to make Sima Yulong take action!
To deal with Luo Zheng, any one of the top 100 warriors in the Martial Arts Hall would be enough. Even if Luo Zheng had some skills, the second ranked genius, Han Tian, would be enough to deal with him. If Sima Yulong were to deal with him personally, it would be a disgrace to the reputation of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
Even if Sima Yulong won, there was nothing to say. Winning against Luo Zheng was a matter of course for Sima Yulong.
Luo Zheng looked at Sima Yulong with a trace of respect in his eyes. Although this guy was only at the Life and Death Realm, Luo Zheng felt that he was not ordinary.
However, he was still unwilling to accept the challenge, "I came here to wait for someone, not to exchange pointers."
"Hehe, you don't dare?"
"Why didn't you say that Senior Brother Yulong is not qualified this time?"
"Arrogance always comes with a price! If you don't dare to accept the challenge, then kneel on the ground and kowtow thirty thousand times, no, three hundred thousand times! "
Although they were extremely unhappy with Sima Yulong personally challenging Luo Zheng, the martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall saw Luo Zheng refuse the challenge and thought that he had made a fool of himself. They all felt a little happy in their hearts.
Sima Yulong said indifferently, "You can't refuse."
"Why?" Luo Zheng was also curious. Luo Zheng didn't feel that this guy in front of him was an unreasonable guy.
Sima Yulong continued, "Because this is the Holy Lord's order. He wants me to challenge you."
Sima Yulong was very calm. He didn't need to lie. Since it was the Holy Lord's order, he had to tell Luo Zheng.
"The Holy Lord wants Sima Yulong to challenge Luo Zheng? What's going on? "
"Why …"
"Who the hell is this Luo Zheng? Even the Holy Lord himself gave the order …"
The surrounding people once again burst into an uproar.
Luo Zheng was also a little confused. The Holy Lord seemed to be a good person. Could it be that he arranged for him to stay in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall temporarily so that this person could challenge him? What was his purpose?
Seeing the expression on Luo Zheng's face, Sima Yulong said indifferently, "I know that the Holy Lord is doing this for my own good. He wants to recommend me to the Alliance, and you have already been appointed by the Alliance. Defeating you is an opportunity for me to prove my strength! This is the Holy Lord's purpose. "
"Alliance …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng understood. Someone in the Alliance had appointed him, and the Holy Lord was actually planning this? With that said, the logic was immediately straightened out by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't have much of an opinion about the Alliance.
As for the other geniuses of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, when they heard this, a storm was set off in their hearts!
Tie Feiyu and those hedonistic young masters who clashed with Luo Zheng immediately understood why Luo Zheng looked down on the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall …
It turned out that this guy had already been appointed by the Alliance!
"This, this … Why?! Why?! "
"Why is he so lucky? What qualifications does an ascender have to enter the Alliance?"
"Sigh, no wonder the Holy Lord gave such an order. Even a genius like Sima Yulong isn't qualified to enter, but this guy has been appointed. I don't want to talk anymore. Don't talk to me!"
Those geniuses felt even more unbalanced in their hearts.
Luo Zheng didn't know what the Alliance was, but they knew it very well.
In fact, the Alliance was just a general name.
This Alliance was a major force of the Human Clan that was established by Heavenly Venerable Shen Yu, the Heavenly Alliance!
The Heavenly Alliance united 3,000 Great Worlds and was one of the top forces in the entire universe.
In fact, the Spiritual Martial Holy Land was also a member of the Heavenly Alliance, and the Spiritual World was one of the 3,000 Great Worlds of the Heavenly Alliance.
As warriors of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, they naturally belonged to the Heavenly Alliance.
However, all the Great Worlds, including the Spiritual World, were only outer Great Worlds of the Heavenly Alliance.
Just like what Sima Yulong said, joining the Alliance was actually joining one of the Thirteen Inner Palaces!
Each of the Thirteen Palaces occupied a Great World, and the Palace Masters were actually Realm Lords. However, the status of these Realm Lords was much higher than the Realm Lords of other Great Worlds!
After all, the Thirteen Palaces were the leaders of the 3,000 Great Worlds!
Being able to join the Thirteen Palaces was considered the best Martial Holy Land in the universe.
Of course, the difficulty of joining them was unimaginable …
The geniuses of the 13 palaces were almost all monstrous existences. They were all famous geniuses in the universe. They were either descendants of Empyreans, descendants of World Lords, or martial artists with special constitutions that were rarely seen in tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of years.
Luo Zheng was actually appointed by the Thirteen Palaces? What the hell is going on?
Those warriors didn't dare to be envious anymore. This was something that couldn't be envied. However, they were filled with hatred for Luo Zheng. The reason for this hatred was simple and direct. It was the nature of living beings.
I don't have what you have, so I hate you …
Why is it that you, an ascender from some unknown lower realm, can be selected to join the Alliance's Thirteen Palaces?

Chapter 1010
Hearing Sima Yulong's words, Luo Zheng suddenly clapped his hands.
There were not many people who could have such a mentality. Luo Zheng naturally appreciated Sima Yulong's mentality.
This was the mentality of a true powerhouse.
Luo Zheng didn't know what this alliance was, but judging from the expressions of the people of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, it should be a good place in the upper world.
But for a martial artist to stand tall in the world, at the very least, he must believe in himself!
Gold would shine wherever it was. If there was a shortcut, it would be good. But if he was completely constrained by external objects and the help of others, he would be putting the cart before the horse.
"You're right, I agree with you," Luo Zheng stood up and smiled.
Sima Yulong said indifferently, "I don't need your approval."
"Indeed, but I accept your challenge!" Luo Zheng smiled.
"Very good, I also admire your courage," Sima Yulong nodded.
He never thought that he would lose. Even though he was only in the Life and Death Realm, he had actually broken through nine minor Heavenly Tribulations. Although he hadn't opened up a Spirit Sea, his strength was far beyond that of an ordinary Spirit Sea Realm martial artist.
If he lost to Luo Zheng, a fifth level Life and Death Realm martial artist, it wouldn't make sense. Even if Luo Zheng was appointed by the Heaven Alliance and had some skills, it wasn't a problem for Sima Yulong.
"He agreed! This kid actually agreed! "
"Hahaha, although it makes me very unhappy to let Senior Brother Yulong challenge this kid, I'm still very happy to see Senior Brother Yulong beat this kid!"
"Hehe, he's still so calm now. It'll be interesting to see when Senior Brother Yulong beats him until he begs for his grandpa and grandma!"
The other martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall suddenly became excited. They naturally knew that another good show was about to take place.
This person who ascended from the lower world didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, but how could these geniuses of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall not know? Not only Sima Yulong was very confident in himself, but they were also very confident in Senior Brother Yulong. This confidence had reached the point of blindness.
"In that case, this way please!" Sima Yulong waved his hand and said.
Luo Zheng then left the corner …
Since he entered the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, this was the first time he had moved his seat …
Luo Zheng followed Sima Yulong as they walked through the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. Behind them, the mighty group had already gathered.
"Closed Door cultivation? Hurry up and come out! Senior Brother Yulong is about to attack! "
"Opponent? Yes, Senior Brother Senior Brother Yulong is is going to teach a lesson! "
"There's a good show? I'll come! "
At this time, the Yue,, the Spirit Sect's Yin Yue's and Yue Yue Zheng Yue ''s and's.
Some of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall disciples who were cultivating in the secret realm also left the secret realm and rushed over.
As for those disciples who were in closed door cultivation, they also hurriedly ended their seclusion and rushed over.
The cultivators staying in the Holy City were the most anxious. The Holy City was simply too large, so they couldn't rush over in a short period of time. They could only look for the nearest Transmission Array and use it to rush over. As they rushed back, they prayed in their hearts that Senior Brother Yulong would go easy on them and that the Ascendant would be slightly stronger and be able to resist for a little longer …
Luo Zheng followed Sima Yulong. The number of people in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's team was also increasing. At the beginning, there were only a hundred people, but it quickly increased to a thousand, then two thousand, three thousand, and even four thousand …
Luo Zheng looked at the huge team behind him. All of them were in the Spirit Sea Realm, and only a few were in the Life and Death Realm. He was speechless. Even a small matter in the Upper World could cause such a big commotion. This was indeed an eye-opener for Luo Zheng.
After entering the depths of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, Sima Yulong brought Luo Zheng to a large hall.
"I'm afraid it's not appropriate for us to exchange pointers in this hall." Although the hall in front of Luo Zheng was spacious, when cultivators of their level exchanged pointers, they often had the power to topple mountains and overturn seas. It wouldn't take more than a few moves to flip the roof.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that his words had caused the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's cultivators behind him to burst into laughter.
"Sure enough, he's a country bumpkin from the Lower World!"
"He doesn't even know about the Illusory Space!"
"Ah, so this guy is ignorant. After all, he came from a small place. What knowledge can he have?"
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng curled his lips and then smiled indifferently.
Sima Yulong didn't make fun of Luo Zheng. Instead, he pointed to the two diamond-shaped jade talismans floating in the hall and said, "This is the Dragon Tiger Palace Hall. It's also the place where our Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's cultivators exchange pointers. In this Dragon Tiger Palace Hall, there's a Illusory Space that can project our reflections. Because it's a pure reflection, all of our weapons, treasures, and Cultivation Methods are completely copied inside. If we exchange pointers like this, we can show our strength, but we won't get injured."
Hearing Sima Yulong's explanation, Luo Zheng suddenly realized, "Is this an Illusory Array?"
Sima Yulong thought for a moment, then nodded and said, "You can understand it that way, but this Illusory Space is different from an Illusory Array."
In fact, an Illusory Array used an Array to create illusions, and the cultivator's own body was inside the Illusory Array. As for the Illusory Space, it actually used the fifth layer of the Space Law's "Refraction" ability to project the cultivator's own reflection inside. It was like looking into a mirror, completely copying the cultivator and entering the Illusory Space to fight. Moreover, the cultivator's own weapons and other things would all be retained.
From this point of view, the Illusory Space was naturally much more complicated than an Illusory Array!
Sima Yulong didn't want to explain too much to Luo Zheng. It was fine to reluctantly describe it as an Illusory Array.
"Then how do we start?" Luo Zheng asked.
Sima Yulong waved his hand, and the two diamond-shaped jade talismans floating in the Dragon Tiger Palace Hall quietly fluttered over. Then, he stretched out his hand and gently pushed the diamond-shaped jade talismans towards Luo Zheng.
"Pour your True Essence into it and you can enter the Illusory Space," Sima Yulong said.
But at this time, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of hesitation. If he entered the Illusory Space, then everything about him would be copied. Wouldn't that expose some of his secrets? Luo Zheng knew that there were some secrets that couldn't be exposed no matter what!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Sima Yulong thought for a moment and actually guessed his thoughts. Then, he said, "This reflection only uses the Space Law. It doesn't copy your body after understanding you, so it won't remember any of your secrets. It's like looking into a mirror …"
A mirror could clearly reflect a person's face, but it couldn't remember the person's face.
This analogy dispelled Luo Zheng's doubts, but it was this hesitation that immediately attracted countless mouthfuls of saliva.
"This ascender is still so cautious, afraid that his secrets will be exposed, hehe."
"I really don't know how much his secrets are worth …"
"The poor often prefer to hide their secrets. You'll get used to it!"
But how could they know that Luo Zheng's concerns were reasonable?
Not to mention the cauldron in his mind and not to mention the Heavenly Dao fragment, if this Roaring Command were to be exposed, it would likely attract endless trouble.
A Roaring Command that could be used without limit, perhaps even an Empyrean powerhouse would go crazy. Luo Zheng naturally had his reasons for being so cautious.
As for these words, Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about them. After feeling relieved, he activated the diamond-shaped jade talisman.
"Hu hu …"
The moment Luo Zheng activated the diamond-shaped jade talisman, he suddenly discovered that he had sunk into another space.
However, this wasn't really him entering another space. In fact, his original body was still standing in the Dragon Tiger Temple. The current him was an identical body created through the reflection!
"This Illusory Space is interesting. I can fight in this space with all my strength. Even if I die, it's just a projection. This way, not only can I avoid casualties, but I can also fight with all my strength!"
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and glanced around. This space was incomparably vast, with no end in sight. Sima Yulong's figure also quietly appeared, quietly standing not far away. His reflection had also entered this Illusory Space.

Chapter 1011
Sima Yulong floated quietly in this space. His expression was still indifferent, but there was a dark red jade sword in his hand.
"Actually, I can also refuse the Holy Lord's proposal," Sima Yulong said, and then gently waved the jade sword in his hand. "I chose to challenge you not only to deal with the Holy Lord's request, but also because I want to prove something to the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance."
"What do you want to prove?" Luo Zheng asked.
Sima Yulong thought for a moment and then said, "Prove that their choice is wrong."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He also took out his Upper Grade Sacred Weapon and held it horizontally in front of his chest. "Then let's prove it!"
When Sima Yulong saw Luo Zheng's Sacred Weapon, a strange expression appeared on his face. "Sacred Weapon?"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's nothing. It's normal that you can't get your own divine weapon since you've just ascended …" Sima Yulong put away the dark red jade sword in his hand and took out a light green jade sword. "I have two swords. The one just now was a Secondary Grade One divine weapon called the Mountain and Stream Sword. If I use this sword to fight you, I won't win honorably. This jade sword is a Secondary Grade Three divine weapon. Although it's a divine weapon, it's only one grade higher than your high-grade divine weapon. This is still somewhat unfair, but I don't have any divine weapons, so I can only apologize."
"Lower Grade Sacred Weapon? Lower Grade Sacred Weapon? "Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of puzzlement.
At this time, many warriors of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in the Dragon Tiger Palace were suddenly overjoyed. Through a letter tablet in the Dragon Tiger Palace, they could see the scene in the Illusory Space. Of course, the sound was transmitted simultaneously.
"I've already said that ascenders are genuine country bumpkins!"
"I guess this guy has never seen a Divine Weapon!"
"It's possible. It's very difficult to find a Weapon Refiner in the Mortal World who can forge a Divine Weapon!"
Of course, Luo Zheng had seen Divine Weapons before, and he had seen many of them.
However, Luo Zheng had never seriously thought about the grades of Divine Weapons. He originally thought that Divine Weapons and Sacred Weapons were divided into three grades, Upper, Middle, and Lower.
In fact, Divine Weapons were not divided in this way!
The grades of Divine Artifacts could be roughly divided into three grades. In other words, High Grade Divine Artifacts were one grade above High Grade Divine Artifacts. In fact, in the four Divine Kingdoms, High Grade Divine Artifacts were considered Demigod Artifacts!
Third Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, First Grade, First Grade, and finally Supreme Divine Weapons!
Sima Yulong's dark red Jiang Shan Sheji Sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon. It was also considered an extremely powerful treasure. However, the truly powerful weapons in the universe were the ones that left their names on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
The top 3,000 of the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele were basically dominated by Supreme Artifacts. As for the 3,000th to 10,000th place, they were all Grade One Divine Artifacts.
........... was was''s's..... Luo Luo Zheng's... was to explain to him to Luo to him.....
.... He had a Supreme Divine Weapon, but it was not very effective against enemies. Moreover, the Black Star Pickaxe was not suitable for him to show. At least, Luo Zheng's current strength was not enough to protect his weapon. Otherwise, it would inevitably attract the attention of some super experts.
"Now that you've said so much, it's time to make a move." Sima Yulong smiled. Then, a majestic wind swirled around him.
"The Wind Elemental Law, Level Four Wind Elemental Law." Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed.
"Yes, I have a very regretful thing, that is, my affinity with the Law of Space is not high," Sima Yulong said. His figure suddenly flashed, and he disappeared in the wind. His voice was transmitted to Ye Xiwen's ears.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Since he could not see Sima Yulong, he released his perception and paid attention to every movement around him. "Everyone has a different affinity with the Power of Elemental Law. Can't you just cultivate the Law that you're good at to perfection?"
"You don't understand. In the Upper Realm, the Space Elemental Law and the Time Elemental Law are the foundation. The other Laws can be ignored, but it is necessary to cultivate these two Laws!"
At the same time, dozens of gusts of wind blew over and messed up Luo Zheng's hair. At this moment, a light green jade sword suddenly pierced out from the gusts of wind.
"Ding!"
The two swords collided. Sima Yulong's figure disappeared with the wind again. He smiled faintly and said, "Good reaction!"
Luo Zheng did not show any expression in response to Sima Yulong's praise. What he cared about was the previous question. "Is it very necessary?"
"Yes, I've gradually comprehended the first level of the Time Elemental Law, but only the second level of the Space Elemental Law. That's why I'm very distressed … The next sword will not be so easy to dodge." After saying that, gusts of wind swept over again. However, this time, the gusts of wind were even fiercer. It would be even more difficult to accurately find Sima Yulong's figure in these gusts of wind.
However, the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand still stabbed out at a crooked angle and blocked Sima Yulong's second sword with incomparable precision.
The two exchanged blows like this and even chatted casually. It was as if they were not fighting, but playing around …
"Huh?"
Only this time, Sima Yulong's face finally revealed a trace of confusion.
His first sword was just to test Luo Zheng, so he only used 30% of his strength. It was normal for Luo Zheng to casually parry his first sword.
However, he had already used the "49 Chaotic Wind Body Technique" for the second sword. Combined with his own hidden sword, this power was enough. According to Sima Yulong's judgment, Luo Zheng should be able to withstand this sword, but he was afraid that he would be somewhat embarrassed.
He was ready to use the third sword to destroy Luo Zheng's reflection in this illusory space.
However …
Luo Zheng was still calm. He even casually parried his second sword. At the same time, he asked, "I still don't understand. Is the Space Elemental Law and the Time Elemental Law something that geniuses in the Upper Realm must master?"
"Yes! They must be mastered. That's why I've been in seclusion during this period of time and have been painstakingly comprehending these two Elemental Laws. "Sima Yulong's voice continued to be transmitted through the fluttering wind.
This information was also very crucial to Luo Zheng.
The saying that time was king and space was supreme was not without reason.
These two Elemental Laws involved things that were too powerful. Let's talk about the Time Elemental Law first. When the other party changed the flow of time at will, they could move a hundred times faster than you. No matter how powerful your Wind Elemental Law was or how fast your body technique was, how could you escape the restrictions of time?
The way to resist the Time Elemental Law was to cultivate the Time Elemental Law yourself.
It was the same for the Space Elemental Law!
When two living beings were fighting, if they cultivated to a high level of the Space Elemental Law, the other party could teleport tens of thousands of miles away. There was no way to fight!
These two Elemental Laws were the foundation of the foundation. They were also compulsory courses for Upper Realm cultivators!
As Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong exchanged blows and conversed, the Dragon Tiger Palace was already in an uproar.
"I didn't expect this guy to block two of Senior Brother Yulong's swords!"
"Don't get excited. Senior Brother Yulong didn't use his full strength at all. Have you forgotten? Senior Brother Yulong uses three swords to defeat even the weakest opponent!"
"But this kid didn't use his full strength either! Look at him, he looks like he's fine. He's even asking questions! "
"Hmph, he's just pretending to be calm. I'm afraid he's scared to death!"
"Everyone, don't talk! Senior Brother Yulong is going to use his third sword … "
Someone in the Dragon Tiger Palace shouted, telling everyone to stop arguing. Sima Yulong had a habit. No matter who he sparred with, he would never use one move to defeat his opponent. The first sword was just a symbolic greeting. The second sword intent was to suppress. As for the third sword, it was when he used his true strength.
Over the years, Sima Yulong had fought countless enemies, but he had never broken this rule. Many cultivators in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall were naturally exceptions who had experienced Sima Yulong's third sword!
Therefore, some cultivators would use this "honor" to brag in front of outsiders, saying, "I'm the one who blocked Sima Yulong's first two swords …"
In the Illusory Space, a fierce aura was suddenly transmitted from the wildly surging gale. Luo Zheng faced the gale directly in front of him, and his expression became serious at the same time.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1012
Sima Yulong could be considered the first genius he fought after ascending to the Upper Realm.
The outcome of this battle had no effect on Luo Zheng, and death in the Dreamscape was not a big deal. However, it was a crucial guide for Luo Zheng's judgment.
Facing Sima Yulong's third sword, Luo Zheng was naturally very serious.
"Huff … huff … huff …"
In this boundless Dreamscape, hundreds of violent gales suddenly appeared and circled around Luo Zheng.
Immediately after, those invisible gales began to compress violently, forming an extremely strong spiral of wind in front of Luo Zheng. And this spiral of wind was plated with a layer of golden brilliance!
"The law of metal …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly, "The perfect fusion of two laws?"
As the spiral of wind continued to merge, Sima Yulong's figure appeared once again. He no longer needed to hide his figure.
Sima Yulong was very surprised when Luo Zheng easily parried his second sword.
However, although this was unexpected, it was still reasonable.
He did not treat Luo Zheng as an ordinary ascender. Although he disdained the judgment of the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance, he believed that the Thirteen Palaces' judgment would not be so bad. This Luo Zheng should have some skills after all.
However, his evaluation of Luo Zheng was limited to "some skills". An opponent of this level was not enough for him to use his full strength. Luo Zheng could not block the third sword.
When the spiral of wind and the golden brilliance fused to the extreme, Sima Yulong stabbed his jade sword into the spiral of wind.
Although this jade sword was a Secondary Grade Three Divine Tool, it was still made of jade and its texture was extremely soft. After being stabbed, it was immediately crushed into powder by the spiral of wind that was compressed to the extreme!
However, after the jade sword was crushed, Sima Yulong held the sword hilt and smiled at Luo Zheng, "I think we should talk outside the Dreamscape …"
When the physical body in the Dreamscape was killed, Luo Zheng's reflection would disappear. In other words, Luo Zheng would definitely "die" under this sword.
"Sou!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng's response, Sima Yulong gently lifted the sword hilt, and the shape of the wind suddenly changed from a ball to the "sword body" of his jade sword. Then, Sima Yulong stretched out two fingers and gently pointed at the "sword body", while his other hand waved vigorously.
"Phew …"
A wind blade flickering with golden light shot straight towards Luo Zheng!
"Golden Wind Blade!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly when he saw this scene.
Luo Zheng had seen this kind of golden wind blade before! In the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there existed a large number of golden wind blades, and these golden wind blades seemed to have "intelligence."
The golden Wind Blades were many times more powerful than the black Wind Blades and the two-colored Wind Blades. Even if Luo Zheng used "Power Transfer", he still didn't dare to approach the golden Wind Blades.
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, the Law of Wind contained within the golden Wind Blade had probably reached an unimaginable level!
"No!"
In a flash, Luo Zheng immediately denied his judgment. The golden Wind Blade was only similar in appearance. The power contained within this sword should be far inferior to the golden Wind Blades in the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
This Sima Yulong was admittedly the number one genius of a tenth-rank Holy Land.
But in the Demi-Immortal Clan, which one of them wasn't a genius?
At that time, several God-Realm warriors of the Demi-Immortal Clan found it very difficult to deal with the black Wind Blade, let alone the two-colored Wind Blade and the golden Wind Blade …
It was impossible for Sima Yulong to have such terrifying strength. This simply didn't conform to common sense.
Thinking of this, the pressure in Luo Zheng's heart suddenly dissipated, and the chaotic energy in his body surged wildly!
In the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had also completed several types of Origin Source Laws. His affinity with all kinds of Laws was basically the highest, so it wasn't difficult for him to comprehend them. Before entering the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had naturally made all the necessary preparations.
As Luo Zheng gently waved the long sword in his hand, a Wind Blade suddenly appeared on the blade and attached itself to the surface of the long sword. The cyan Wind Blade crazily revolved around the long sword. He actually wanted to use the Law of Wind to resist Sima Yulong's sword.
Seeing Luo Zheng display the Law of Wind, a trace of disdain flashed in the depths of Sima Yulong's eyes.
He was a warrior who majored in the Law of Wind, and the Law of Gold was his secondary cultivation. The cultivation method he cultivated just happened to be compatible with the Law of Wind. Seeing Luo Zheng display the Law of Wind, he naturally felt like he was showing off his slight skill in front of an expert.
The key point was that Luo Zheng seemed to be purely displaying the Law of Wind, and it was only at the third level. How could this level of power block his sword?
I overestimated you, Sima Yulong said inwardly.
As for the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall warriors in the Dragon Tiger Hall, they were all amused.
"Showing off your slight skill in front of an expert! You're asking for humiliation! "
"Ha ha ha! This kid is an ascender. It's already good that he can cultivate to the third level of the Law of Wind!"
"Let him resist in despair this time. When he comes out of the Fantasy Space, we'll humiliate him again!"
The martial artists outside the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall also roared with laughter.
As more and more people rushed back from the outside, even the huge Dragon Tiger Hall seemed crowded. There were probably six to seven thousand people in the three inner and three outer layers. The other warriors who hadn't rushed back were either unable to make it back in time or were in a very important seclusion and couldn't come out.
What these warriors didn't know was that even the Spirit Martial Sacred Land's Holy Master and a group of Elders were silently watching everything that was happening in the Fantasy Space.
However, unlike these warriors, the Holy Master and the other Elders also had puzzled looks on their faces.
"Elder Gong, what do you think?" the Holy Master asked as he watched the wind blade condensed by Luo Zheng in the Fantasy Space.
Elder Gong, who was also one of the Founding Elders of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land, said cautiously, "Strange, strange … This kid is indeed using the Law of Wind, and it's only at the third level. It's far inferior to Yulong's! But why do I feel that this wind blade is completely different from ordinary wind blades? "
The Holy Master nodded. "I thought I was the only one who had this misconception. Luo Zheng didn't use any secret technique. He just condensed the power of the Law of Wind purely with his True Essence. He … How did he do it?"
The Holy Master and the Elders had a keen sense of smell. The moment Luo Zheng condensed the wind blade, they had already noticed the abnormality.
It was just that they couldn't see where this abnormality came from!
Putting aside the fact that it was only the third level of the Law of Wind, the level of the Law of Wind was the key. However, the quality of the cultivation technique could also determine the power of the wind blade.
The problem was that they couldn't see what kind of move Luo Zheng had used. At best, they could only see that his swordsmanship was quite exquisite and strange …
However, this was also the mindset of the Holy Master and the Elders, so they couldn't see any clues.
This was because they didn't know that Luo Zheng hadn't used his True Essence at all. They also didn't know that in this universe, there was actually someone who could use Chaos Qi …
Luo Zheng indeed hadn't used any other cultivation technique. This was because the Chaos Qi that was circulating within his body was a cultivation technique, a cultivation technique that they had never heard of before.
Martial artists absorbed Heaven and Earth Origin Qi and transformed it into True Essence for their own use. This was borrowing the good fortune of Heaven and Earth for their own use, and then using the Laws to use True Essence to erupt with the greatest power of True Essence.
As for Chaos Qi, it was something even purer. It was the origin of the entire world. From the grass and trees to the mountains and rivers, everything was transformed from Chaos Qi. The power of the Law that erupted from it was incomparable to True Essence …
The pain that Luo Zheng had suffered in order to cultivate the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique" was unimaginable to ordinary people. However, the rewards that he would receive in the future were also unimaginable.
Sima Yulong's sword was so powerful that it seemed to be able to blow away an entire continent. If he hadn't used it in this illusory space, the entire Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall would've been destroyed by this sword.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's sword was much weaker. When this sword was brandished, a cyan wind blade condensed within the sword light.

Chapter 1013
In the Illusory Space, Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong maintained a certain distance.
Two wind blades, one large and one small, collided at this moment.
Regardless of power or size, these two Wind Blades were completely disproportionate. The one that Sima Yulong used contained the power of gold and iron. It was exceptionally sharp and seemed to be able to grind everything in the world into dust.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's wind blade looked like an ordinary wind blade with only a small amount of Luo Zheng's sword light.
Therefore, in the eyes of the bystanders, it looked like a lion pouncing on a defenseless white rabbit. There was no suspense at all.
However, the moment the two wind blades collided, the entire Illusory Space resounded with a shrill sound that made one's teeth ache.
Over there, it was the sound of wind blades grinding against each other!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the power contained in Luo Zheng's cyan wind blade suddenly erupted.
The cyan wind blade was like a ferocious beast that had hidden its fangs. The moment it collided with the golden wind blade, it revealed its ferocious side.
In just an instant, the golden wind blade was completely defeated and swallowed up by Luo Zheng's golden wind blade. At the same time, its momentum did not decrease and it actually rolled back towards Sima Yulong!
"Crash …"
After seeing this scene, the cultivators of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in the Dragon Tiger Temple fell silent for a moment before an uproar broke out.
"This, this, this is …"
"This doesn't make sense. How can Senior Brother Yulong's fourth level of the Law of Wind be defeated by a mere third level of the Law of Wind?"
"Not only that, but Senior Brother Yulong's cultivation method is also very special. Senior Brother Yulong has also comprehended the fourth level of the Law of Gold. When the two of them collide, the power of the two of them will be multiplied several times!"
In the midst of the uproar, the cultivators all opened their mouths wide. Some cultivators even rubbed their eyes hard as if they were seeing things!
At this moment, the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land suddenly stood up and stared blankly at the scene in the Illusory Space.
As for the other elders, their faces were also filled with silence.
"What's going on with this power of law?" The Holy Master frowned as he stared at the illusory space.
"It's a genuine third level Wind Law, but its power is not what a third level Wind Law should have!"
With the cultivation of the Holy Lord and the Elders, their control over the power of Laws had already reached the fifth level, or even the sixth level. They had already touched upon the threshold of the seventh level, so they knew the power of every level of the Wind Laws like the back of their hands. As for the other cultivation methods and martial skills, they could also calculate the power of Laws very accurately.
Therefore, in comparison, the shock that this scene brought to them was far greater than the shock of the geniuses in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall.
Elder Gong pondered for a long time and finally said with a frown, "Yes, it's the third level of the Law. However, Luo Zheng didn't use any martial skills. Even if he did, he wouldn't be able to exert such a strong power to resist Yulong's Golden Wind Chaotic Cloud Sword. This is simply impossible!"
Elder Gong used the word "impossible" to conclude Luo Zheng's sword. The problem was that this "impossible" scene had happened right under their noses.
However, at this moment, the Holy Lord slammed his palm on the wide purple-gold chair. The armrest of the chair instantly turned into dust. He had always been gentle and refined, but now he lost his composure and cursed, "Damn it, this is a loss!"
The other elders silently looked at the Holy Lord and sighed in their hearts. It was indeed a loss.
At the beginning, the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance had personally selected Luo Zheng and asked them to send this ascender over. At that time, the Holy Lord had also paid special attention to this matter.
This ascender had ascended from the Lingwu Holy Land and was taken over by the Thirteen Palaces. Generally speaking, this kind of thing would be very unpleasant to any Holy Land.
After all, there were also some geniuses among the ascenders who were worthy of being nurtured. Therefore, during the service in the mine, the cost of becoming an independent warrior was greater than the cost of joining the Lingwu Holy Land. Joining the Lingwu Holy Land only required 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. However, if one wanted to be completely independent, it would cost 200 pieces. The extra 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was the price to pay for borrowing the Ascension Well. After all, the Lingwu Holy Land had built the Ascension Passage and dug many Ascension Wells to help the ascenders get used to the pressure of Heaven and Earth's Origin Qi. These were not given for free. There was a price to pay.
Countless Holy Lands in the Upper Realm did this.
After knowing that Luo Zheng had been selected, the Holy Lord had naturally observed this ascender. At that time, he did not see any clues. At most, this kid was born with divine strength. It was not enough for the Lingwu Holy Land to pay attention to him. Since the Thirteen Palaces wanted him, he would just treat it as a favor.
Therefore, the Holy Lord wanted Sima Yulong to challenge Luo Zheng. This was to give him an excuse to recommend Sima Yulong to the Thirteen Palaces.
The problem now was that the Holy Lord felt that he had suffered a great loss.
This Luo Zheng was indeed not an ordinary ascender. There was a reason why the Thirteen Palaces had selected him.
Of course, he could not refuse Luo Zheng being selected by the Thirteen Palaces. However, he could ask for great benefits from the Thirteen Palaces.
Now, the Holy Lord was incomparably conflicted. Now that he had seen Luo Zheng's strength, he could not get anything other than jealousy. After all, it was not very appropriate to ask the Thirteen Palaces for a large sum of money.
Therefore, he was naturally very depressed.
Elder Gong let out a long sigh and said, "However, we can use this opportunity to send Sima Yulong to the Thirteen Palaces."
Of course, the Holy Lord understood Elder Gong's words. In fact, he had thought of this a moment ago. If he sent this ascender to the Thirteen Palaces for free, along with Sima Yulong, the Alliance would definitely accept this favor.
In other words, Sima Yulong would definitely enter the Thirteen Palaces. But so what? The Holy Lord still felt that he had suffered a great loss. He could only make up for it a little. However, this little bit of compensation was like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. It was not worth it.
In the illusory space, after Luo Zheng's wind blade crushed Sima Yulong's Metal Wind Chaotic Cloud Sword, it continued to sweep towards Sima Yulong.
Sima Yulong never thought that he would lose to Luo Zheng. Therefore, when he saw the wind blade sweeping towards him, his always calm face was filled with astonishment. When the wind blade swept towards him, his figure suddenly flashed and he began to frantically retreat.
While retreating, the jade sword in his hand, which had already been crushed, began to condense again. At the same time, he slashed out five or six times in a row, gradually dispersing Luo Zheng's wind blade.
In this exchange, Sima Yulong did not suffer any substantial injuries. However, his heart of martial arts was greatly injured.
Sima Yulong's vision was very farsighted, and he was very broad-minded. However, this did not mean that he was not proud. Although such a proud person treated others kindly, it was because others had not touched the pride in the depths of his heart. In other words, they could not pose any threat to him. He was so proud that he disdained to show his pride.
But now, the pride in Sima Yulong's heart had been crushed by Luo Zheng's sword. His eyes were filled with confusion, and his mind was filled with the word 'why'. Luo Zheng's sword had directly disintegrated the ideas he had accumulated over so many years.
It was really too unreasonable …
However, at this moment, he suddenly stretched out his hand and bit his arm. This bite was extremely forceful, and blood instantly flowed out from the bite mark. The intense pain instantly cleared his mind. At this moment, the contempt he had for Luo Zheng in the depths of his heart had completely disappeared. It was replaced with respect, seriousness, and even a feeling of facing a formidable enemy.
"You are really strong."
"The Thirteen Palaces have good foresight. I was thinking too much before …"
"Among the younger generation of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, only you are worthy of my full strength."
After saying that, Sima Yulong took out the jade sword that he had previously stored in his Sumeru Space.
The Jiangshan Sheji Sword was a lower first-grade divine tool.

Chapter 1014
When he was in the four Divine Kingdoms, Luo Zheng had seen the power of the divine weapons in the hands of the Monarchs.
However, according to the Upper Realm's classification of divine weapons, the jade bracelet on Huo Yuner's body was a Secondary Grade Three divine weapon.
As for the divine weapons in the hands of the Monarchs, they were Secondary Grade Three divine weapons. Compared to Sima Yulong's Secondary Grade One divine weapon, there was a gap of Secondary Grade Two and Secondary Grade Two.
Therefore, the power of the Mountain and Stream Sword was indeed enormous.
When Sima Yulong activated the Mountain and Stream Sword, he seemed to have transformed into a monarch who ruled over everything. He seemed to have become the supreme ruler of the land!
As for Luo Zheng, he was like a subject of the Mountain and Stream Sword. He had no choice but to bow down to this aura!
Looking at Sima Yulong's eyes, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "You want to suppress me?"
"Rumble!"
A sharp soul pressure was suddenly released from Luo Zheng's body!
When a martial artist cultivated, they usually needed to make breakthroughs in three aspects. One was Body Refining, another was Cultivation, and the third was Soul Power!
In terms of Body Refining and Cultivation, Luo Zheng had embarked on a completely different path from others.
However, in terms of Soul Refining, Luo Zheng still followed the rules.
During the last period of his stay in the Central Domain, Qinglong had finally planted a Soul Seed in him and used it to break through to the Blue Soul Realm.
Luo Zheng had stayed in the Battle Soul Realm for a long time, so it took him a lot of time to break through to the Blue Soul Realm. However, at this time, he didn't have much of an advantage over other martial artists.
Just like the Saint Lord of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land, he could also sense the strength of Luo Zheng's soul when he examined Luo Zheng. Although breaking through to the Blue Soul Realm at the fifth stage of the Life and Death Realm was extremely terrifying in the Lower Realm, it could only be considered as outstanding in the Upper Realm.
However, since it was a Soul Seed made by Qinglong, it was extraordinary.
This Soul Seed had been lurking in Luo Zheng's soul all this time, and this sudden burst of power instantly expanded Luo Zheng's soul pressure by more than three times!
Most importantly, Luo Zheng's Soul Willpower had completely merged with the Willpower of the Great Wide World. As he was not in the Great Wide World, he could not use his power to transfer it. However, after the merging of the Willpower, they were inseparable. The Soul Willpower that erupted contained the aura of the Great Wide World.
The Mountain and Stream Sword was a lower first-grade divine weapon forged by a Monarch of a tenth-grade Divine Nation. The Monarch's comprehension of the Mountain and Stream Sword was infused into the longsword, and it could be said to be a painstaking work …
Therefore, the aura and pressure they emitted made all the living beings feel that they were inferior by a head!
However, although the imposing aura of the Mountains and Rivers was powerful, it was ultimately forged based on comprehension. On the other hand, Luo Zheng's spiritual pressure contained the will of the Vast Thousand Realms, which was a genuine imposing aura!
This imposing aura was originally the accumulation of the Vast Thousand Realms over countless years.
In the Lower Realm, Luo Zheng's imposing aura made people feel that he represented everything. Now that he was in the Upper Realm, after releasing this imposing aura, others felt that he represented the entire world!
Just by relying on this spiritual pressure, he forcibly suppressed the imposing aura of the Mountain and Stream Sword.
This time, Sima Yulong's expression became even more solemn. When Luo Zheng stood in front of him, he felt like he was facing an entire world …
He originally wanted to use the Mountain and Stream Sword to suppress Luo Zheng, but he did not expect this guy's soul to be so strange! How many secrets did he have?
Seeing that Sima Yulong did not move, Luo Zheng slightly unfolded the longsword in his hand and said with a smile, "The fourth sword?"
Sima Yulong shook his head. "It's not the fourth sword. It's the seventh sword …"
Just now, in order to resist the remaining power of Luo Zheng's sword, Sima Yulong had consecutively slashed out several times to neutralize it. However, he had counted those slashes.
"What a serious guy …" Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Then it's the seventh sword!"
Sima Yulong nodded. "If I can't defeat you with this sword, I'll admit defeat."
Luo Zheng's sword hilt trembled slightly, and his eyes became incomparably clear. Although Sima Yulong was prideful to the bone, he was very frank. He said, "Then make your move!"
At this time, all the cultivators in the Dragon Tiger Palace understood that Luo Zheng was indeed not someone to be trifled with.
As for Tie Feiyu, he naturally understood that he was indeed not qualified to challenge Luo Zheng … Even Sima Yulong would find it difficult to defeat Luo Zheng. If he was to fight against Luo Zheng, he would not be able to last even one round!
As for those debauchees from the Holy City who were looking for trouble with Luo Zheng, they now deeply understood that they were simply courting death by recklessly provoking Luo Zheng. Fortunately, this guy had a good temper. Otherwise, they would have died countless times already. Even if they were Divine Sea realm cultivators and Luo Zheng was only in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm …
The next move would most likely determine the victor. They all held their breaths and quietly observed the movements of the two people in the Illusory Space.
As for the Sacred Lord and many Elders, they were somewhat dispirited.
Victory or defeat was no longer important.
In fact, with Sima Yulong's cultivation, challenging Luo Zheng was originally unfair.
The Sacred Lord did his best to facilitate this challenge only to help Sima Yulong enter the Thirteenth Palace. Sima Yulong had already undergone the ninth heavenly tribulation. Although he was not a Divine Sea realm cultivator, he was far stronger than ordinary Divine Sea realm cultivators.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was only in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm. There was a huge gap between their cultivation bases.
With Luo Zheng's cultivation base, it should not be difficult for him to obtain the ninth minor heavenly tribulation. At that time, Luo Zheng's strength would most likely far surpass Sima Yulong's.
Therefore, they did not care about the outcome of this battle.
However, at this moment, the Sacred Lord suddenly thought of something important.
"This brat has already undergone five minor heavenly tribulations. Has he opened his lotus flower? How many leaves has he opened? "the Sacred Lord suddenly asked.
At the side, Elder Gong slapped his head and said, "That's right. With such talent, he must have opened his lotus flower. I wonder how many leaves he has …"
The Sacred Lord looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and said softly, "I'm afraid this brat has opened seven leaves."
This time, an expression of disagreement appeared on Elder Gong's face. "Actually, it's very likely that he's at the ninth leaf …"
In truth, the Sacred Lord also wanted to say that Luo Zheng was at the ninth leaf. However, his current state of mind was extremely unbalanced. He was like a bag of gold that had fallen on the ground and was picked up by someone else. Naturally, he hoped that there was less gold in the bag. The less gold there was, the more balanced he would feel.
Unfortunately, Elder Gong was not as self-deceiving as the Sacred Lord. Instead, he voiced his own opinion.
The Sacred Lord could only sigh faintly. "If I knew this would happen, I would've crossed out Luo Zheng's name when the alliance asked us to submit the list of ascenders."
Elder Gong chuckled. "At that time, we didn't know there was such a person among the ascenders of the Spirit Martial Saint Land. If it weren't for the Thirteen Palaces, I'm afraid this brat would still be mining!"
The Sacred Lord glared fiercely at Elder Gong after hearing Elder Gong's words that displeased him. Elder Gong jumped in fright. Then, the Sacred Lord said coldly, "Check all the ascenders in the mines within a month. Evaluate their strength and talent, then report back to me!"
Elder Gong's expression was extremely unsightly. The Sacred Lord was so angry that he went crazy. Naturally, the Spirit Martial Saint Land had a test for ascenders. Was there a need to test them in such a big way? Not everyone was like Luo Zheng …
Unfortunately, the Sacred Lord's order could not be disobeyed. Since the Sacred Lord was willing to do so, then so be it. However, Elder Gong believed this was destined to be a futile effort.
While the Sacred Lord was venting his frustrations, Sima Yulong finally began to prepare his final sword move. It was also the sword move that would determine the victor!
"Sword painting, mountains and rivers, a wisp of golden wind turns into myriad colors …"
The Sword of Mountains and Rivers in Sima Yulong's hand began to fly rapidly!
In front of him, a magnificent pattern began to form rapidly. It was as if the Sword of Mountains and Rivers was a brush in his hand. He was using the sword to paint the entire landscape!
The golden light was the Law of Gold, and the green light was the Law of Wind!
As he continued to paint, he would cut his arm from time to time. Spurts of blood essence flew into the air and dyed the golden landscape red!
(Thank you to Luo Xinya for the 1K coin tip. Thank you to Kong Da for the weird smile. Forget-me-not, Weiwei for the tip ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1015
This Sword Painting Rivers and Mountains consumed an enormous amount of blood essence!
It was not an easy task for any cultivator to replenish their blood essence after they had lost it.
However, he didn't want to lose to Luo Zheng.
Sima Yulong didn't think that he was invincible in the same realm.
In the eyes of many martial artists, the Spiritual Martial Saint Land was a colossus. However, in the Spiritual World, it could only be ranked third.
As for the first two Holy Lands of the Spirit Channeling World, for example, the Spirit Channeling Holy Land had many outstanding geniuses, such as the son of the Spirit Channeling World Lord …
However, Luo Zheng was just an ascender.
In the Lower Realm, whether it was the resources or the environment, it was far from comparable to the Upper Realm. Therefore, the starting point of ascenders was much weaker than the martial artists of the Upper Realm.
This kind of impression was engraved in the bones of the martial artists from the Upper Realm. Even Sima Yulong was no exception.
As his blood essence continued to splatter, the golden mountains and rivers were dyed with a trace of bloody aura!
This country was not a peaceful one with songs and dances. Instead, it was a country where heroes fought for hegemony!
Countless blood-stained soldiers were displayed in this sword painting. The bright red color served as the finishing touch to this enormous painting of mountains and rivers!
At this point, Sima Yulong's sword was ready! Immediately after, he slashed out with his sword.
"Pop …"
The sword light was like a pair of sharp scissors, cutting the Landscape Painting into two!
All the images on the Landscape Painting began to distort and converge towards his sword light. At the same time, they all rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"He's here!"
Facing Sima Yulong's all-out attack, Luo Zheng quickly retreated.
The power contained in this sword strike was extremely special. Although the Mountain River State Painting had been drawn using the Metal and Wind laws, and it had been combined with his Essence Blood …
However, it created an extremely unique concept!
This kind of artistic conception not only brought psychological pressure to Luo Zheng, but also the power it contained could not be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng was no longer the same as he had been in the past. He had several ways to deal with this attack. Among them, the simplest and crudest method was to use the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain in his hand.
Not even a Divine Realm warrior could do anything to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. His sword couldn't even move it a bit.
However, Luo Zheng did not intend to use this move.
After all, he and Sima Yulong were just fighting. Although Sima Yulong had used a Secondary Grade One Divine Tool, Luo Zheng had also used the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to rely on the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Instead, he wanted to break this sword with his own strength. He needed to verify the difference between himself and the geniuses from the Upper Realm …
The perfect sword intent in Luo Zheng's hand spiraled out, and the chaotic energy in his body also slowly rotated!
His Sword Intent hadn't been tempered since it had reached perfection. He only had his own comprehension of sword moves, and as Chaotic Qi poured into it, his Sword Intent was constantly improving!
"I'll use a Divine Tool to break this sword!"
After Luo Zheng rapidly retreated to a certain point, he had already made up his mind. He actually rushed towards Sima Yulong's sword-light head-on.
Seeing this, Sima Yulong's face once again revealed a look of surprise. What was this kid trying to do?
He originally thought that Luo Zheng had some special trump card, or some defensive magic treasure that could block his move, or perhaps he had some practical movement technique to avoid the sharpness of his sword.
However, this guy didn't dodge or evade. He was still alone. Was he going to use a high-grade Divine Tool to meet his attack?
In the Dragon Tiger Palace, the thousands of warriors were also confused. Just now, Luo Zheng had erupted with the power of the Law of Wind. They finally realized how powerful Luo Zheng was. Therefore, although they were full of confidence in Sima Yulong's Sword Painting the Landscape, they were also worried in their hearts.
Who knew what kind of trump card Luo Zheng had?
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have used any trump cards. He was still using Qi to drive his Sword Intent. This meant that Luo Zheng either didn't take Sima Yulong seriously, or he was courting death!
The Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land didn't pay much attention to this battle. The result didn't matter. He simply couldn't keep Luo Zheng in the Holy Land. However, seeing Luo Zheng use this method to meet Yulong's strongest move, a strange look appeared on his face …
"This kid is really unconventional. Every move is unexpected …" Elder Gong murmured, "But he's probably overthinking this move. He's just using the perfect Sword Intent to fight against the Sword Painting. This is a bit of a fool's talk. But then again, there's no danger to his life in the Illusory Space. Perhaps this is also his first attempt … This kid's thoughts are too terrifying."
Elder Gong actually guessed some of Luo Zheng's thoughts, but he didn't guess the next result!
When Luo Zheng was caught in the sword light, countless soldiers suddenly appeared in front of him. Each soldier held a sword and slashed at Luo Zheng!
"This sword light … is really like an army of tens of thousands. It's invincible!"
What was more terrifying was that the illusions of the soldiers seemed to overlap. Every time they attacked, there were tens of thousands of soldiers attacking. These tens of thousands of swords slashed at Luo Zheng. If he relaxed even a little bit, he would be cut into pieces.
Faced with such a scene, Luo Zheng's attack didn't stop at all!
The long sword in his hand slashed out countless times in an instant. In order to increase the speed of his attack, Luo Zheng also operated the Law of Time at this moment!
The sword light in his hand danced out thousands of times in a breath's time!
"Ding … Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!
Ding! Ding! "When the sword light collided, the sound of explosions rang out!
"Strangle!"
The Sword Intent Cyclone spread out and shredded the tens of thousands of illusions into pieces. However, the number of soldiers in the Landscape Painting was almost infinite. Luo Zheng crazily killed them, but the soldiers in the Landscape Painting kept pouring out. It was impossible to kill them all, and the number was increasing.
Sima Yulong's face was calm. The Landscape Painting's Concept was a combination of endless vitality. How could it be destroyed by the long sword in your hand? You're too arrogant to use a single sword to resist my move. The result will only be humiliation …
Just as Sima Yulong thought, Luo Zheng was indeed in trouble!
Although Sima Yulong's sword light was powerful, it wasn't particularly sharp. However, in this endless realm, the illusions of the soldiers surged forward like a tidal wave. There was no end to them, no end to them!
In addition to the ordinary soldiers, there were also some generals wearing red armor! The illusions of those generals were even more powerful, and Luo Zheng found it even more difficult to deal with them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in a dilemma!
"Sima Yulong's move can't be endless …" When Luo Zheng released the Sword Intent, his face revealed a contemplative expression.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed upwards. Sima Yulong's sword light was like a maggot in a tarsal bone, following closely behind Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's figure paused for a moment before the sword light engulfed Luo Zheng again. Then, Luo Zheng was still immersed in the endless illusions.
"Found it!"
This sword-light had absorbed the Landscape Painting. This landscape was a human's landscape, and it had a ruler!
Just now, when Luo Zheng pulled away, he found that a yellow-robed monarch was hidden in the depths of the sword light.
These soldiers, generals, and monarchs should also be a kind of visualization technique, but it was more profound and extensive than the ones in the lower realm …
"It's him!"
After confirming his target, Luo Zheng's figure didn't retreat at all. Instead, he rushed straight towards the monarch!
As long as he killed the monarch, the sword light condensed from the Landscape Painting would naturally disperse!
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, Sima Yulong's mouth revealed a trace of a smile. "You finally found him, but can you really defeat him?"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …

Chapter 1016
The Sovereign King exuded a heavy and majestic aura. Seeing Luo Zheng charging towards him amidst the thousands of soldiers and horses, he suddenly stood up, his face revealing an unquestionable majesty.
Then, with a loud roar, the Sovereign King's Intent Realm suddenly turned into a whole, condensing into a long sword in his hand. Then, he directly slashed down at Luo Zheng!
The power of this sword hid the fiercest killing intent within the sword light!
However, facing this sword, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile!
Facing the endless illusory killing intent, Luo Zheng might have found it difficult to deal with, but now that the entire Empire was in the hands of the Sovereign King, Luo Zheng was unafraid!
"Dragon Scale Power!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng activated the power of three thousand dragon scales. His sword slashed from bottom to top, and the two sword lights intertwined.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact was unexpectedly unable to bear the heavy pressure and broke with a loud bang!
"Bang!"
A crisp sound rang out as the broken sword spun and flew toward Sima Yulong!
Sima Yulong was originally concentrating on Luo Zheng's attack. He never expected that a broken sword would shoot towards him. Unable to dodge in time, the broken sword directly pierced his chest!
Even though he was seriously injured, Sima Yulong didn't move. He was still staring at Luo Zheng, who was in the middle of the sword light. In the illusory space, even if he died, it didn't matter. He just wanted to know if Luo Zheng could withstand this move of his! If he lost, then it would be his victory. Therefore, he didn't have any means to deal with the broken sword that pierced his chest.
Right now, Luo Zheng's sword was broken. What could he use to withstand the sword of the Sovereign King of the Empire?
Nowadays, high-grade sacred artefacts were no longer worthy of Luo Zheng. An ordinary long sword was only two inches wide, with a sharp blade and an extremely thin body.
Just like Luo Zheng's body, it could only withstand the strength of five to six thousand dragon scales. He had just used the strength of three thousand dragon scales, so the Saint artifact sword naturally could not withstand it. Coupled with the heavy pressure from the Sovereign King's sword, it was broken!
It was just that Luo Zheng couldn't get a better sword in the Mortal World. If he could open the weapon-refining workshop in the Immortal Mansion, the situation might be very different. However, Luo Zheng had only walked through two floors of the Path of True Desperation, and it would take a long time for him to completely open it.
Without his sword, Luo Zheng still had his fists!
At this moment, Luo Zheng threw away the other half of the sword and grabbed the Sovereign King's sword with his bare hands!
He had carried the weight of the country with his bare hands!
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng gripped the edge of the sword in his hand. Instantly, blood spurted out, but at the same time, his other fist was already smashing towards this sovereign king!
"Rumble …"
This fist contained the strength of five thousand dragon scales. After bombarding the Sovereign King's body, the Sovereign King was instantly torn apart, turning into specks of golden light … Sima Yulong's sword light was broken by Luo Zheng.
Apart from Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong, no one else could see these illusions. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was surrounded by Sima Yulong's sword light, and Luo Zheng was bitterly holding on with the sword in his hand. In the end, his sword actually broke!
But they saw Luo Zheng brandishing his fist, and for some reason, smashing Sima Yulong's sword light into pieces.
Many warriors of the Dragon Tiger Palace also felt that it was a little inconceivable. They couldn't understand how Luo Zheng did it. It seemed like a divine skill, but Luo Zheng really did it.
"I lost." Sima Yulong's face was deathly pale. The broken sword had already pierced through his heart. However, a warrior's body was exceptionally strong. Even if his heart was pierced, he could survive for a long time, so he had been waiting here.
Luo Zheng shook the blood off his hand and said to Sima Yulong with a smile, "Yes, you lost!"
Sima Yulong forced a smile and said, "It's too painful for us to talk like this. Let's go back to the Dragon Tiger Palace first …"
Although one wouldn't die in the illusory space, the projection still felt pain. Having a broken sword pierced through the chest was not a pleasant feeling.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong in the Dragon Tiger Palace opened their eyes.
After Luo Zheng stood up, he looked around. The genius martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall all had similar thoughts in their hearts. Although they couldn't see how Luo Zheng had broken through Sima Yulong's sword technique, by relying on a single person and a high-grade saint artifact, defeating Sima Yulong was a foregone conclusion!
On the other hand, Sima Yulong was the number one person in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. More importantly, his Jiangshan Sheji Sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact. In comparison, one could imagine how big the gap between Sima Yulong and Luo Zheng was!
Luo Zheng might have some trump card that he hadn't used yet. They didn't want to know. The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was enough for them to look up to.
Sima Yulong moved in front of Luo Zheng and bowed deeply to Luo Zheng. "I used to have some prejudice against those who ascended from the Lower Domain. Now it seems that I was wrong. The Lower Domain … is not as weak as I thought!"
The other warriors in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall couldn't help but nod.
Warriors from the Upper Domain did have an inexplicable sense of superiority in front of warriors from the Lower Domain. Even if some ascenders had become Celestial Venerables, the warriors below Celestial Venerables still seemed to be disdainful when they mentioned it. They thought that ascenders becoming Celestial Venerables was just luck.
They didn't know that any warrior who reached a certain level of achievement relied on luck and strength. Similarly, warriors from the Upper Domain couldn't jump out of this rut.
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't say anything.
He didn't care about other people's contempt. As the saying went, the strong were always strong. If he was swayed by other people's views, what qualifications did he have to stand in this world?
After leaving the Dragon Tiger Palace, Luo Zheng returned to that corner and continued to cultivate with his eyes closed …
The genius warriors of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall came and went. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, their faces revealed reverence. This guy had the right to look down on the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall! He had the strength to be proud! Naturally, there wouldn't be any idiots who would make irresponsible remarks …
In fact, there were still some people in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall who were unconvinced. All the top ranked genius warriors didn't watch the battle at the Dragon Tiger Palace because of various reasons. When they rushed back from outside or came out of seclusion, they wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
However, these people were all stopped by the people of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. If they wanted to challenge Luo Zheng, they had to defeat Sima Yulong first. Otherwise, they would only be humiliating themselves.
As for the Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, he was very unhappy these days, very unhappy …
He wanted to have a talk with Luo Zheng. He wanted to find some leeway in this matter. He wanted to see what price he could pay to keep this kid in his Spirit Martial Holy Land.
If Luo Zheng could stay, his Spiritual Martial Holy Land would have a big advantage in the competition with the other two tenth-rank Holy Lands in the Spiritual World among the younger generation. They could even rely on Luo Zheng to make a comeback and suppress the Spiritual Martial Holy Land!
The competition between the younger generation of warriors might not determine the structure of a big world, but it could determine the ups and downs of these Holy Lands in the future!
However, when he thought about the Thirteen Palaces, he dismissed this idea. Since the Thirteen Palaces had appointed Luo Zheng, they must have a good understanding of Luo Zheng.
Originally, when he saw Luo Zheng's Divine Weapon broken in the Illusory Space, he thought about giving Luo Zheng a second-rank or even a first-rank divine weapon to win him over. However, on second thought, if the Spiritual Martial Holy Land could offer something, how could the Thirteen Palaces not be able to?
Seeing such a little guy slip away from his hands, the Holy Lord's heart was filled with deep unwillingness!
In the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, Luo Zheng meditated quietly and cultivated. As he cultivated, he felt that the sixth minor tribulation was approaching. However, he didn't know if there was a difference between undergoing the tribulation in the Upper Realm and the Upper Realm.
As he waited and cultivated, time passed quietly. However, the "big shot" who had appointed him didn't appear …

Chapter 1017
All along, Luo Zheng had been curious about this' big shot 'and was even wary of him.
After all, he seemed to be spying on him from the shadows.
Where did he find out about his existence? Where did he find out that he was ascending to the Spirit Martial Sacred Land?
Hence, after hearing the elder's words, Luo Zheng stood up abruptly.
Under the elder's lead, he once again headed towards the hall from before.
In this hall, all the elders of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land were already seated. The one sitting at the head wasn't their sacred lord but another woman!
The woman was wearing a nine-colored dress. The nine colors on the dress were woven from the feathers of nine different divine beasts. The light blue feathers were the tail feathers of an ice phoenix. Even a single tail feather exuded a piercingly cold aura. As for the dark red feathers, they were taken from the tail feathers of the fire phoenix. As for the green feathers, they were taken from the softest fur of the Tong Tian Rat's back …
Just the value of this nine colored long dress was immeasurable!
The problem was that even though so many precious materials were used, they were only used for decoration. The person who made this nine-colored dress was extremely extravagant and wasteful.
A pair of small white feet stepped on wooden clogs and swayed on the chair in boredom. Her eyes indifferently swept across the many elders in the large hall. Every time their eyes met with this girl's eyes, their hearts would tremble slightly.
Actually, this woman's cultivation wasn't very terrifying. She was only at the peak of half step sector lord.
And in this hall, their sacred lord was already a quasi-sector lord. Of course, there was only one great realm master in each realm. The Spirit Connecting Realm's realm master was the sacred lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land, not their Spirit Martial Sacred Land's sacred lord. Even Elder Gong was already at the peak of half step sector lord. He was only a step away from quasi-sector lord!
What everyone was afraid of was not her cultivation or strength, but her identity.
She was one of the thirteen palace masters. The most terrifying thing was that her father was an Empyrean. She was an Empyrean descendant! Her position in the alliance went without saying!
At this time, several cultivators suddenly appeared in the hall. One of them exuded an aura that was several times stronger than the Black Tortoise Holy Lord!
After he entered the main hall, he bowed to the lady and said, "I am Tong Ling Zi, the Realm Lord of the Spirit Channeling World. I welcome the Palace Lord of the Vast Cloud Heavenly Palace!"
This martial artist was the true master of a realm, and also the master of the strongest tenth-rank Holy Land in the Spiritual Communication World!
This time, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Palace Lord came to the Psychic World personally. Although he didn't pay a visit to the Psychic Sacred Ground and came straight to the Spiritual Martial Sacred Ground, Tong Ling Zi still had to be there to welcome him personally!
However, a trace of impatience appeared on her face. The Spiritual World was only a remote great world. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, she probably wouldn't have come here in her entire life. As for the title of Realm Master, she wasn't interested in it at all.
However, she was the Realm Lord of a Great World after all. She could only smile and reply. Tong Ling Zi sat on the second seat, above the Holy Master of the Spirit Martial Saint Land.
When Tong Ling Zi heard that the Palace Lord of the Vast Cloud Heavenly Palace had come personally, he was also very surprised!
Although he had received news that an extraordinary ascender had appeared in the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and was chosen by the Thirteen Palaces, there were a lot of ascenders.
It wasn't strange for some powerful geniuses to appear occasionally. Even if they were chosen by the Thirteen Palaces, it wasn't strange either. The world was so big, and there would always be such lucky people.
The question was, what kind of person was worthy of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Palace Lord coming personally?
Wasn't it just an ascender? Did he have such a big face? Although the Psychic Sacred Ground couldn't take this ascender in, he still wanted to take a good look and see what kind of person this ascender was. Was it worth it for the Psychic Sacred Ground to make such a big fuss?
"Is he not here yet?" Yun Luo muttered in a low voice.
Although her voice was soft, how could the people in the main hall not hear her? Tong Ling Zi's face revealed a slight smile. Although the Psychic Sacred Ground and the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground belonged to the alliance, they were still in the same great world. After all, they were competing with each other …
As for the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, his face revealed a trace of awkwardness. He immediately replied, "He should be here soon. Palace Lord, please wait a little longer …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the main hall. He walked directly into the depths of the main hall. When he walked halfway, his eyes were attracted by the nine-colored long dress. When their eyes met, Luo Zheng laughed and said, "So it's you, Yun Luo!"
After being puzzled for so long, the mystery was finally revealed.
However, at this time, many elders in the main hall sucked in a breath of cold air. At the same time, they stared at Luo Zheng with uncertainty.
Even the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and the Realm Lord of the Psychic Sacred Ground stared at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze. This kid directly called the Palace Lord's name. Wasn't it a little too casual?
Naturally, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had encountered Yun Luo's doppelgangers twice. He had always treated Yun Luo as someone of the same generation as him. After a long time, Luo Zheng was used to it. When he saw Yun Luo this time, a trace of surprise appeared on his face. Although he knew that she had a high status, he couldn't make Luo Zheng treat Yun Luo with the respect of an elder.
However, Luo Zheng also noticed that the temperament of the Yun Luo in front of him was completely different from that of the Yun Luo in the Lower Realm.
Of course, this confusion had already been solved by Qinglong.
The Yun Luo in the lower realm was just a clone of hers. The Million Spirit Clones Technique had many drawbacks. The clone's emotions and memories were incomplete. In other words, there were flaws in their personalities. Therefore, whether it was the Yun Luo in the Eastern Region or the Yun Luo in the Sin Tower, their words and actions were very strange.
It wasn't the indifference of those ice beauties, but the flaws in their personalities. They lacked the emotions of joy, anger, sorrow, and joy.
As for the Yun Luo in front of him, she should be a complete person. The temperament she exuded was completely different. It could be said that she looked more like a "person"!
Yun Luo smiled faintly. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I said that I can't decide where you go, but you still ascended to this place! Since you're in my territory, I have no choice but to accept you! I'm afraid that the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan won't find trouble with me! "
Hearing Yun Luo's words, the Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, and the elders' expressions changed again.
This kid had been targeted by the Demi-Immortal Clan?
Although there were few people in the Demi-Immortal Clan, they were all elites. Although their actions and intentions were quite strange, no force dared to look down on them!
The key was that joining the Demi-Immortal Clan was even better than joining the Alliance. Of course, the conditions for joining the Demi-Immortal Clan were more stringent. In the Upper Realm, it was not easy for ordinary people to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Luo Zheng smiled and continued to ask, "How did you find me?"
Yun Luo smiled and rolled her eyes. She looked very mischievous. Then, she smiled and said, "I don't know who shouted so loudly. If I didn't hear it, wouldn't I be deaf?"
When Yun Luo heard Luo Zheng use the Roaring Command and deduced that it was Luo Zheng from the name Luo Yan, she collected a list of all the people who had ascended in the past year in the 3,000 Realms. This list was given to Yun Luo. It only took her 30 minutes to find Luo Zheng among countless names! Moreover, there were two Luo Zheng …
There were many people who had ascended, and there were always times when there were people with the same name. However, after Yun Luo casually ordered to investigate the appearance and other characteristics of the two Luo Zheng, she was sure that Luo Zheng had ascended to the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground!
However, at that time, her Million Spirit Clones Technique was in the final stage, so it was naturally inconvenient for her to go there. She had almost absorbed all her clones and hurried over from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace …
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng immediately understood that she had identified his voice from the Roaring Command. However, if she knew that he had the Roaring Command, he was afraid that she would find out that he had the Roaring Command!
As for the Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, their expressions suddenly became serious. "Why are you shouting so loudly? What do you mean? "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1018
This Sector Lord, Saint Lord, and even those elders were all extremely intelligent people.
There were many things that could be guessed with just a little hint.
Shouting so loudly … and letting Yun Luo know? This wasn't hard to guess!
In the universe, only the Roaring Token could do that!
Thinking about it again, some time ago, there seemed to be a mysterious young man who spent tens of thousands of Roaring Tokens at once. Could it be …
Thinking of this, they all stared at Luo Zheng in shock.
And when they stared at Luo Zheng, they found that the people around them were also staring at Luo Zheng with the same shock. They exchanged glances with each other and strengthened their guess. Hence, they looked at Luo Zheng with even more shock …
This kid had Roaring Tokens? And so many of them!
The atmosphere in the hall became strange.
But after a while, they began to deny their guesses one by one.
This was simply impossible …
How could an ascender get so many Roaring Tokens?
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that ever since he used the Roaring Token to shout in the universe for a night, the entire universe had been discussing and guessing about him for a long time, and it hadn't stopped until now.
Just like the mysterious woman before, everyone still didn't know the identity of the mysterious woman until now. Now, there was this mysterious young man … The only difference was that the mysterious woman's singing had caused a beast tide in the universe, while this mysterious young man didn't cause any damage to the universe.
But this kind of guess was destined to end in failure. The universe was so big. It was impossible to find a person who used the Roaring Token in a hundred thousand worlds as long as the other party didn't admit his identity and didn't report his identity.
The problem was that Yun Luo deliberately said this as if to tell everyone that this kid was the one who used the Roaring Token!
The Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm and the Sacred Lord of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land naturally felt strange and inconceivable. They thought it was impossible because they were almost paranoid that even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't have so many Roaring Tokens. How could this ascender Luo Zheng have so many Roaring Tokens?!
Thinking of this, the Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm smiled embarrassedly. Although he knew that Yun Luo wouldn't tell the truth, he couldn't help but ask, "Palace Lord, I don't know what you mean by 'shouting so loudly' …"
Yun Luo rolled her quick-witted eyes and smiled slightly. "Well, when we were in the lower realm, I gave him a Voice Transmission Talisman. After this kid ascended, he begged me every day to take him away. I guess it's because he dug a miserable mine in the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land...................
. This explanation.......
At the same time, all the elders in the hall, including the Realm Master of the Spiritual Realm and the Saint Lord of the Spiritual Martial Saint Land, rolled their eyes.
....................
..................................... . When Mu Mingxue left the mine, the Voice Transmission Talisman she gave Luo Zheng was the limit of the Voice Transmission Talisman in the lower realm.
As for the skilled craftsmen in the upper realm, the furthest they could send a message was less than 200,000 miles. This 200,000 miles wasn't enough to send a message out of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. How could Luo Zheng use a Voice Transmission Talisman to send a message to the Misty Cloud Palace that was thousands of worlds away? Could it be that Yun Luo grew a clairvoyant?
The problem was that no one dared to jump out and question Yun Luo's nonsense. The Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm just smiled embarrassedly and didn't say anything. He really didn't know what to say.
As for Luo Zheng, he was also cursing Yun Luo in his heart.
.... It's fine if you know that I have a Roaring Command, but why did you hint it in front of so many people? Are you trying to kill me?
But looking at the situation in front of him, it seemed that Yun Luo's status was indeed not ordinary. The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord didn't dare to say a word beside Yun Luo. And the guy who just spoke seemed to be more powerful than the Saint Lord. Could it be the Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm?
It didn't matter who it was. What was important was that this secret couldn't be leaked out. Fortunately, although these guys guessed part of it, they didn't seem to believe that he had so many Roaring Commands...
But it was still inappropriate to arouse their suspicion.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to argue with Yun Luo about this problem. If they had doubts in their hearts, then let them have their doubts. After all, there was no definite speculation.
At this time, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land saw that it was about time and said, "Palace Lord, this Luo Zheng ascended from the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. Now that the Misty Cloud Palace wants him, shouldn't we give some …"
"No!" Before the Saint Lord finished speaking, the corner of Yun Luo's mouth curled up and she rejected him on the spot.
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord almost vomited blood. He originally wanted to ask for compensation, but he didn't expect Yun Luo to reject him directly. Wasn't this too difficult to negotiate with?
But since he already said it, he gritted his teeth and continued, "Actually, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land doesn't have much of a problem with compensation. But I have a disciple in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Can he enter the Thirteen Palaces to cultivate?"
Yun Luo giggled and nodded this time. "You can just say it directly. Why do you need to bargain with compensation and then take advantage of the situation to shove someone in? Sending two or three people into the Thirteen Palaces isn't a problem! "
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord smiled awkwardly. It turned out that Yun Luo had seen through his thoughts. He was afraid that Yun Luo would reject Sima Yulong, so he first asked for compensation and then took a step back in exchange for Sima Yulong entering the Thirteen Palaces. This method was the safest method.
However, he didn't expect Yun Luo to be so difficult to negotiate with. Now that he heard that Sima Yulong would definitely enter the Thirteen Palaces, it seemed that Luo Zheng's arrival at the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was not without benefits!
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord's eyes flashed when he heard this. His eyes lit up when he heard that Yun Luo could give two or three quotas.
In fact, the 3,000 Great Realms would get some quotas every once in a while. His Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was relatively remote and unknown in the Great Realms, so he naturally had fewer quotas. It was good to get one more quota. Thinking of this, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord was about to speak when Yun Luo stretched out three fingers. "That's it. Since Luo Zheng has ascended to your Spiritual Martial Sacred Land, I'll give you three quotas. How you want to distribute them is your business!"
Among the three quotas, Sima Yulong occupied one. This meant that the remaining two quotas depended on how they would distribute them.
Although the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land had obtained one quota, the Sacred Land's Realm Lord thought that this quota was created because of Luo Zheng, so there was nothing wrong with them taking one more quota. However, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord didn't think so. Luo Zheng ascended to the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was just lucky. It was too much for one Sacred Land to monopolize two quotas.
After Yun Luo left with Luo Zheng, a dispute arose between the two Sacred Lands because of the remaining two quotas. Moreover, it also involved another tenth-grade Sacred Land in the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. Therefore, the other tenth-grade Sacred Land thought that with three quotas, each Sacred Land could get one quota. Wouldn't that be perfect?
…
…
A carriage was floating in the sky above the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land.
The carriage's craftsmanship was incomparably exquisite. Its entire body was purple, and there were strings of exotic flowers and plants growing around the carriage.
The most surprising thing was the two horses in front of the carriage. These two horses were a kind of Divine Beast!
Generally speaking, creatures that had reached the level of Divine Beasts were extremely arrogant and prideful. They could sign a contract with a warrior and become a warrior's contracted beast, but they couldn't be enslaved or tamed by a warrior!
This "Heavenly Luan Horse" was one of the few Divine Beasts that could be tamed. However, even if one wanted to tame them, it would take a lot of effort and time. Therefore, this Heavenly Luan Horse was not only an excellent mount, but also a symbol of status!
The others respectfully sent Yun Luo off. She then entered the carriage with Luo Zheng.
From the outside, this carriage looked ordinary. However, after opening the door, it was a completely different world. The inside was as spacious as a palace.
"First, tell me, where did you get so many Roaring Tokens?" Yun Luo asked with a smile.
"This …" Luo Zheng didn't know how to explain.

Chapter 1019
Yun Luo was not an untrustworthy person.
Moreover, she already knew that he seemed to have an unlimited number of Roaring Tokens.
However, it would be quite troublesome to explain the Roaring Tokens to Yun Luo. It also involved the immortal mansion, his master, and many other problems.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only choose not to explain.
In fact, Yun Luo also knew that Luo Zheng would not tell the truth. Since he did not want to explain, Yun Luo did not force him. At least, Luo Zheng did not deny it.
However, Yun Luo immediately asked, "The mysterious woman who sang that day, do you know her identity?"
Luo Zheng subconsciously shook his head.
That mysterious woman's Roaring Token seemed to be the same as his, also endless. It was very likely that her Roaring Token was the same as the one in Luo Zheng's hand, which could be used countless times.
But who knew who she was?
"Oh …" Yun Luo nodded, then continued to look at Luo Zheng.
The current Yun Luo was her complete body. In a sense, this was the first time she and Luo Zheng "met".
Her doppelganger made the decision to let Luo Zheng ascend freely, and the Demi-Immortal Clan made the same decision. They did not forcibly bring Luo Zheng into the Demi-Immortal Clan. Yun Luo was very satisfied with this. However, by coincidence, Luo Zheng still ascended to the Alliance. This was Luo Zheng's fate.
Fateless people did not have a definite path, but no matter what Luo Zheng's future path was, she did not mind giving Luo Zheng a push from behind.
Luo Zheng's endless Roaring Tokens were worth it. The Roaring Tokens were very useful to many races. In the future, she might have to trouble Luo Zheng with many things. For example, she did not have many Roaring Tokens, so she could ask Luo Zheng to help her pass on messages.
When Luo Zheng was looked at by Yun Luo like this, he suddenly felt as if he had been seen through. It was as if he was standing naked in front of Yun Luo, as if there were no more secrets he could hide.
Luo Zheng also knew that even though Yun Luo's cultivation was very strong, she didn't have this ability. It was only because the gap between their cultivations was too big that she felt this uncomfortable …
Luo Zheng felt the same way when the Holy Lord of the Lingwu Holy Land was sizing him up.
It could only be said that Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low. In the lower world, he was already a peak existence, but in the upper world, the Life and Death Realm was just the beginning!
Most importantly, there was still no response to Luo Yan's message. Perhaps it was just as Xun had said. The young man who had appeared in the Void Spirit Sect was the person whom the entire Vast Thousand Domains feared. He was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. Luo Yan was already outside the Heavenly Dao …
Luo Zheng was very unwilling to come to this conclusion, but the possibility was undoubtedly quite high. If he wanted to find Luo Yan, his current strength was far from enough.
After thinking about Xun, Luo Zheng suddenly looked at Yun Luo and asked, "Yun Luo, do you have any way to awaken Xun?"
"Xun?"
Yun Luo was stunned when she heard Luo Zheng's words. The memories of her million doppelgangers were too vast. Her million doppelgangers had seen too many people and things. It was very difficult for her to accurately remember a person, but Luo Zheng was an exception.
However, she still managed to find the existence of "Xun" through Luo Zheng's memories …
"If I remember correctly, only a strand of her soul remains of the Demon Night Clan's King of Massacre," Yun Luo faintly smiled.
The disappearance of the Demon Night Clan's King of Massacre wasn't a secret in the universe. The three kings were their symbols. If Xun completely fell, a new King of Massacre would be born in the Demon Night Clan to replace her.
Luo Zheng nodded and didn't say anything.
Yun Luo continued to stare at Luo Zheng and smiled, "You want to help her take back the Demon Night Clan's throne?"
Luo Zheng nodded again.
Yun Luo continued with a smile, "The Demon Night Clan is an existence that we humans can't ignore. Although the other two kings are only sector lords, they are the kings of the Demon Night Clan. Many times, their words are more effective than Sky Sovereigns. Xun's position is very important. Your current strength is far from enough."
"I will improve my cultivation," Luo Zheng said with a straight face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's serious expression, Yun Luo suddenly chuckled, "I'm not your master, so I can't control your thoughts. You can control your own thoughts. I didn't interfere when you were on the Sea God Continent, so I won't interfere now. Once we reach Misty Cloud Palace, I will help you awaken Xun and repair her shattered soul."
"Repair!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
Strictly speaking, Xun's main soul had already fallen. The strand of soul that accompanied Luo Zheng was only a remnant soul.
Luo Zheng was naturally happy to be able to awaken Xun, but he didn't expect Yun Luo to promise to repair her!
Seeing Luo Zheng's happy expression, Yun Luo smiled faintly and said, "Let's go."
At the same time, the sound of horses neighing came from outside the carriage. Then, the entire carriage trembled and sped forward.
In that instant, the carriage had already charged into the spatial passageway!
"Eh …" There was no spatial tunnel here, but the carriage entered it as soon as it moved. A trace of curiosity appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
"It's the Heavenly Luan Horse's innate ability. It can freely enter spatial tunnels," Yun Luo explained.
Luo Zheng nodded. Ever since he ascended, he was full of curiosity about the Upper World. He was afraid that he would need some time to adapt to it.
To a martial artist, crossing boundaries was an extremely extravagant matter. In fact, 99% of martial artists would never be able to leave their own great world in their entire lives. Thus, the 100,000 great worlds that existed in the universe were nothing more than a concept and a legend to martial artists. Everyone knew of the existence of these great worlds and had heard the roars of many Empyreans and World Masters, but they had never seen them in their entire lives.
Now, Luo Zheng was following Yun Luo. They had to cross thousands of worlds to reach the core world of the Alliance.
After the two Heavenly Luan Horses entered the spatial tunnel, they galloped at an incredible speed. What surprised Luo Zheng was that the Heavenly Luan Horses seemed to be accelerating. This kind of divine beast's initial speed was not particularly fast. Luo Zheng might be able to catch up with it if he used all his strength.
The problem was that the Heavenly Luan Horses seemed to have no limit to their speed! After running for a day, their speed had reached a level that Luo Zheng could not imagine. On the second day, their speed was more than twice as fast as the first day. As for the third day, their speed was doubled again on the basis of the second day …
A few days ago, Luo Zheng was still able to observe the surrounding scenery in this world passage, such as some warriors flying in the same direction and so on.
However, on the fourth day, Luo Zheng could no longer see the scenery outside the window. After reaching such a speed, everything turned into a line. It was impossible to distinguish whether it was a person or something else …
This world passage originally had countless checkpoints that required a fee to pass. If it was an ordinary warrior, the cost of passing through a world would be an astronomical figure. However, from the beginning to the end, no one dared to stop Yun Luo's ride.
Even if they wanted to stop her, it was impossible to do so at this speed …
On the sixth day, Yun Luo told Luo Zheng that they had left the World of Spirits.
"Leaving the World of Spirits just now …" Luo Zheng originally thought that with this speed, they would have already entered another world.
Based on their current speed, it would take them about 20 years to cross more than 1,000 great worlds before they could reach their destination!
However, the Heavenly Luan Horses' speed was still increasing!
After leaving the Spirit Channeling Realm, they entered the trans-realm passageway. This trans-realm passageway was much wider than the ones built by great realm passageways. Luo Zheng couldn't even begin to imagine building these passageways and connecting thousands of great realms together like pearls.

Chapter 1020
It took them about three days to cross the second great world.
As for crossing the third great realm, it only took a day's time.
As time passed, they passed by one great world after another. All of these great worlds were occupied by humans. This was only one of the three great forces of the Human Race. It was easy to imagine how powerful the Human Race was in the whole universe.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng also immersed himself in cultivation.
A month later, Luo Zheng felt the exquisite carriage finally stop. He slowly opened his eyes and looked out the window. He saw an orange crescent moon hanging in the sky.
"We're here." Yun Luo pushed open the door of the carriage and walked out first.
Luo Zheng followed Yun Luo out of the carriage. Suddenly, he thought of something and asked, "Then … if Sima Yulong wants to come here, how long will it take?"
Yun Luo thought for a moment and said, "If the Sacred Lord of the Sacred Land doesn't help him, he will have to find a way to get here. Even if he continuously passes through the passages, it should take him two or three hundred years. It should be enough …"
Two or three hundred years? Even his hair would turn white by this time. Luo Zheng was speechless. Of course, Sima Yulong was the pride of the Lingwu Sacred Land. The Sacred Lord naturally wouldn't let him waste hundreds of years on this journey. Moreover, crossing so many great worlds would cost a lot of money. Sima Yulong probably couldn't afford it.
"Let's go. When you are strong enough, you will understand that the universe is actually not that big." After saying this, Yun Luo still walked in front.
Watching her slowly walk forward, her nine-colored dress constantly swaying. Luo Zheng smiled and followed her.
In fact, this Yun Luo felt very unfamiliar to Luo Zheng. The two Yun Luos he met were very different from her. Although he knew the reason, the feeling of unfamiliarity still existed. Only the swaying of her long dress made Luo Zheng connect them.
After walking for a while, a big city appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The big cities in the Upper Realm were huge for Luo Zheng. Each city was comparable to the Central Domain. Luo Zheng was too lazy to find out how big this city was.
And in this large city, Luo Zheng saw a huge stone pillar. Because it was so huge, even from hundreds of miles away, Luo Zheng could still see it clearly. This stone pillar was tens of thousands of feet tall, and a majestic palace stood at the top of this stone pillar. This palace was like the crown of a tree, and it spread out at the top of this stone pillar. Luo Zheng wondered how the architect built this palace up there …
"This is the Misty Clouds Palace, one of the Thirteen Palaces," Yun Luo said calmly. "Follow me in!"
After saying that, Yun Luo waved her hand and an invisible force enveloped him.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng felt his body flash once in space. In the next moment, he appeared in another place.
Space Shift …
Luo Zheng could travel in a small space, but the Misty Clouds Palace was so far away from him. He was brought in with just a space jump. It could only be Space Shift.
Just like Sima Yulong said, warriors in the Upper Realm must master the two great Laws. They must be the Law of Space and the Law of Time. Yun Luo's control of the Law of Space was quite profound.
After entering the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace, there were thousands of stairs in front of them. Every three steps, there was a warrior standing there. On top of the stairs, there were hundreds of warriors. Every one of them was at the Divine Sea Realm. They all looked solemn and stood straight.
Every time Yun Luo stepped on a new step, those soldiers lowered their heads and saluted her. But Yun Luo acted as if she didn't hear them and continued walking.
Right at this moment, a few streaks of light appeared in the sky. They arrived from the horizon in an instant and landed by Yun Luo's side in the blink of an eye.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over this group of people. The one leading them was a thin middle-aged martial artist. He had a hooked nose and his eyes were slender like willow leaves. His gaze was sharp and piercing. Luo Zheng still couldn't see through this person's cultivation, but the aura he exuded was no different from Yun Luo's!
"He's also a Sector Lord?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
"Palace Lord, you're back. I'm here to welcome you!" The aquiline nose bowed to Yun Luo, but there was no respect in his words.
This made Luo Zheng a little confused. As he now understood, Yun Luo was the Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace of the Thirteen Palaces. Since the person in front of him called himself a subordinate, it seemed that he did not take Yun Luo seriously.
Yun Luo didn't seem to be happy to see the aquiline nose. "No need to welcome me! I still have things to do. You can leave now. "
The hook-nosed man stroked his chin and didn't retreat when he heard Yun Luo's words. Instead, he looked at Luo Zheng with interest and even sniffed his nose. He chuckled and said, "I don't know where Palace Master found this little guy. He smells like an Ascender, right?"
Hearing this, Yun Luo blinked and stared at the aquiline nose, asking, "What do you think?"
The aquiline nose smiled, "Nothing. I don't pick up trash. Palace Lord, do you want to see the two newcomers I brought back this time?"
As soon as his voice fell, two young cultivators behind him looked over, their faces filled with pride. These two cultivators were only in the Life and Death Realm, but like Sima Yulong, they were also cultivators who had undergone nine minor Heavenly Tribulations!
The two of them naturally did not dare to be disrespectful to Yun Luo, but their eyes were full of disdain when they looked at Luo Zheng intentionally or unintentionally.
Yun Luo looked at the two and said indifferently, "Not bad. It seems that my Misty Clouds Palace can cultivate two more geniuses."
The aquiline nose smiled, "Of course. This one is the son of the Realm Lord of the Great Wheel Realm. When he was just born, his father used the power of the Great Wheel Realm to purify his body … The other one has inherited the bloodline of the Heavenly Rat. His lotus flower has already sprouted seven leaves. Hehe, I guess he'll be qualified to join Swallow Cloud Hall after he breaks through the Divine Sea Realm!"
"Oh," Yun Luo replied indifferently. It seemed that she didn't want to argue with the aquiline nose here. She was about to leave with Luo Zheng.
Unexpectedly, the aquiline nose still stopped in front of Yun Luo and continued, "Palace Lord, I wonder what this boy said that made you bring him back in person? He seems to have a strong background. "
"I can see that. I wonder where this ascender came from!"
"Hehe, I can smell the dirt on him from several feet away!"
The two cultivators with extraordinary backgrounds behind the hook-nosed man spoke up.
In fact, they were very respectful to Yun Luo, but this time, they saw that the hawk-nosed man didn't put Yun Luo in his eyes. They also saw that the hawk-nosed man originally wanted to trample on Yun Luo's face. The two of them were quick-witted, so they naturally opened their mouths to target Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo's face showed a trace of anger. She seemed to be a little afraid of the aquiline nose, but it was inconvenient for her to lose her temper. She couldn't think of an appropriate way to deal with it.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled, sniffed, and said, "Why can't I smell it?"
One of them said sarcastically, "How can you smell yourself if you don't smell it after staying in Baosi for a long time?"
"Oh!" Luo Zheng sniffed and said, "So that's how it is. I guess the two of you can't smell yourselves either!"
"What smell do we have?" One of the warriors asked faintly.
"Of course it's the smell of idiots," Luo Zheng said with a smile and covered his nose, "Although it's not smelly, it's smelly enough. We shouldn't stay here for long!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo laughed. Although she knew that Luo Zheng was a guy who wouldn't suffer losses, she didn't expect his words to be so sharp.
"How dare you!" One of them said angrily.
"How dare you!" Luo Zheng said immediately.
"Boy, what are you …"
"Boy, what are you? Do you know who my father is …" Luo Zheng continued to say, and even said the second half of his sentence first.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1021
Luo Zheng's imitation was perfect, and he was even able to say what the other party wanted to say first. This immediately stunned the other party.
The martial artist was stunned, "How did you know that I …"
"How did you know what I wanted to say?" Luo Zheng continued, "Isn't that simple? Because it's easy for an idiot to guess!"
"Pfff …"
Even as the Palace Master of Misty Cloud Palace, Yun Luo couldn't help but laugh.
As for the aquiline-nosed man, his face was extremely ugly. His eyes were cold as he stared at Luo Zheng.
The eyes of the two geniuses from the Great World were like knives, wanting to cut Luo Zheng to death …
Luo Zheng's move was learned from the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan. Every time he spoke, he would speak first. Sometimes, it really made people feel depressed.
He knew how to observe people's expressions. He could see that the aquiline-nosed man and Yun Luo didn't get along. Since they weren't on the same side, Luo Zheng didn't have any scruples. He had always been like this.
The hook-nosed man had originally recruited two good seedlings and wanted to show off in front of Yun Luo. Originally, the results were indeed good. Martial artists who could open the Seven Petal Lotus were rare in the universe. Naturally, he was somewhat proud of himself. However, he did not expect that his good mood would be ruined by this kid.
"Brat, martial artists don't rely on their mouths to eat." The aquiline-nosed man stared coldly at Luo Zheng and said.
"I'll have to trouble you. I have my own master, I don't need you to teach me." Luo Zheng replied with a straight face. Normal martial artists would be very nervous when facing a Sector Master level martial artist, but some arrogant martial artists might be very excited, but Luo Zheng's mentality was very stable!
If he was too nervous, he would lose face for Yun Luo, but if he was too aggressive and didn't control his words well, he would give the other party something they could use against him. Although Luo Zheng had just scolded someone, he hadn't scolded the hook-nosed man, but the two cultivators behind him who were of the same generation as him. Facing the hook-nosed man, he was neither servile nor overbearing, and his performance was flawless.
"Master?" The aquiline-nosed man laughed, "I don't know what cultivation level the master of a martial artist from the lower realm has."
Yun Luo's face also revealed a strange expression. Luo Zheng … had a master? In her memory, all along the way, Luo Zheng relied on himself. He didn't have a master.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I don't know."
"You don't even know your master's cultivation level." The aquiline-nosed man shook his head.
But then, Luo Zheng's master. "A faint smile appear on Luo Zheng's face.............
Hearing this, the hook-nosed man was stunned. Even Yun Luo was shocked. An existence that the entire universe looked up to? .............
. Luo Zheng then added, "Of course, that's in my mind!"
When the hook-nosed man heard these words, he realized that he had lost his composure. His emotions seemed to have been unintentionally stirred up by this little brat, and his train of thought followed this little brat. He was a dignified Sector Lord, and no matter how big the matter was, he would not be affected by it. However, he was stunned by a few words from this little brat. This was indeed embarrassing!
If they weren't in the Misty Clouds Palace, he would have killed this kid ten thousand times already!
But Luo Zheng's words to him were not disrespectful at all. He wanted to reprimand Luo Zheng, but he didn't know where to start. Finally, he could only grit his teeth and said coldly, "Let's go! To the Divine Weapon Hall! "
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
These people didn't seem to want to stay here for a moment. In the blink of an eye, they left quickly.
As for Yun Luo, she was beaming with joy. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I really underestimated you!"
Luo Zheng sighed softly and said, "I can't help it. I've met too many people like this. I'm used to it …"
In this world, there were always some people who were looking for trouble and would unintentionally jump in front of him. If he could fight, of course, Luo Zheng would 'teach' the two boys a lesson. But in the current situation where he couldn't fight, he could only use his mouth.
After this incident, Yun Luo's mood suddenly improved. As she walked, she told Luo Zheng that the aquiline-nosed man was called Xu Can, and he was the Deputy Palace Master of the Misty Clouds Palace!
Xu Can had a strong background. He was also the son of a Celestial Master. After Xu Can entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, he wanted to compete with Yun Luo for the position of Palace Master. He wanted to force Yun Luo down, so the two of them had never gotten along.
This time, Xu Can wanted to take the opportunity to ridicule Yun Luo, but he was driven away by Luo Zheng. Of course, Yun Luo was very happy.
After walking up the stairs, Yun Luo stretched out her hand to Luo Zheng and said, "Give it to me!"
"What?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Don't you want to help Xun recover her soul?" Yun Luo asked.
"Now?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
Yun Luo shook her head and said, "Xun was once a half step sector lord. It's impossible to completely recover her soul in a short period of time. But if you want to wake her up and recover half of her soul, I have a way."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng happily took out the Soul Nurturing Wood. He checked Xun in the Soul Nurturing Wood and felt a warm feeling in his hand. Xun had been asleep for quite some time. Now that she could finally wake up, what would her expression be when she woke up and found herself in a great world?
After passing the Soul Nurturing Wood to Yun Luo, Yun Luo gave Luo Zheng a jade scroll and a small jade pendant. She said, "This jade scroll contains the map of the Misty Clouds Palace. Those who enter the thirteen palaces will have the chance to pick a weapon for free from the God Weapon Hall! It's up to you what weapon you can pick. "
Weapon …
"What's the grade of weapon? Is there a god artifact? "Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "What do you think the thirteen palaces are? You don't even have a god artifact … "Yun Luo shook her head. She naturally knew that Luo Zheng didn't understand the meaning of the thirteen palaces in the alliance!
The top geniuses of the three thousand worlds gathered here. If there were any weapons below god artifact in the God Weapon Hall, wouldn't it be a joke?
Luo Zheng nodded. In the battle with Sima Yulong, his saint artifact was broken. Of course, the illusion space was just a projection. His high grade saint artifact naturally wasn't broken. But it did reveal that Luo Zheng didn't have a suitable weapon.
Since he had the chance to pick a weapon, why would Luo Zheng let it go?
While Yun Luo was helping Xun recover her soul, Luo Zheng was following the map in the jade scroll and traveling through the Misty Clouds Palace.
Previously, in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, there were top geniuses of a tenth grade Holy Land. But in the Misty Clouds Palace, as one of the thirteen palaces of the alliance, there were thousands of geniuses of the Holy Lands gathered here!
Any one of them was enough to become a core member of a tenth grade Holy Land. For example, the Spiritual Martial Holy Land also wanted to put Sima Yulong into the Thirteen Palaces to train him. They hoped that he could get better resources and opportunities.
After traveling through the vast Misty Clouds Palace for a long time, Luo Zheng found the God Weapon Hall!
At the entrance of the God Weapon Hall, there were also two guards. The cultivation of these two guards was much stronger than the guards on the stairs. They were two experts of the Divine Realm.
In front of the armored soldiers, there were quite a number of warriors surrounding them.
These warriors were very young, about the same age as Luo Zheng. The older ones were only in their thirties. They gathered together and pointed at the God Weapon Hall.
"Today, the God Weapon Hall seems to have added a few more first grade god artifacts!"
"So what if there are more? Ordinary people can't get them … "
"I'll try my luck!"
"Hey, it costs 300 Zhen Yuanyu to try. If you don't feel the pinch, go ahead and try it!"
These warriors should be the geniuses sent to the Thirteen Palaces by various big realms. Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Entering the God Weapon Hall to pick a weapon required 300 Zhen Yuanyu?

Chapter 1022
Standing at the entrance of the Divine Weapon Hall, Luo Zheng observed for a while. Then, he saw two people walking over.
They were the two people who had a conflict with Luo Zheng on the steps of the Misty Cloud Palace. They held a small jade pendant in their hands and waved it in front of the two Ultimate Divine Realm armored soldiers. Then, they walked into the Divine Weapon Hall.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
He was stupid. Yun Luo had given him a jade pendant. Of course, there was a use for it.
So, he walked in front of the armored soldiers and waved the jade pendant. Then, he followed the two warriors and entered the Divine Weapon Hall.
As for those martial artists behind, they actually wanted to squeeze in behind Luo Zheng with a hubbub.
The two armored soldiers at the entrance had gloomy faces and blocked them.
"Uncle, we're just going in to take a look. Anyway, without the jade pendant, we can't choose a weapon …"
"It doesn't affect anything. Just make an exception."
Luo Zheng looked back. He was speechless. It was just choosing a weapon. What was there to see? It seemed that there was no lack of lively people everywhere. It was the same in the Upper Realm.
Unexpectedly, their pleading was effective. The armored soldiers only said, "After entering, don't make a noise! If you violate it, you will be expelled immediately! "
After getting the approval of the two armored soldiers, the warriors followed Luo Zheng into the Divine Weapon Hall.
"Hey, hey, hey, newcomer …" One of the warriors at the eighth level of the Life and Death Realm patted Luo Zheng's shoulder from behind.
However, before he could pat Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng lowered his shoulder and twisted his body slightly. He easily avoided the pat. Then, he asked indifferently, "What's the matter?"
The warrior was stunned for a moment. Then, he said, "What grade of weapon do you want to choose?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng replied, "Naturally, the more suitable the weapon, the better."
"Hehe, that's a good answer. Nowadays, these juniors are eyeing those high-grade divine weapons. They don't know that the one that suits them is the best!" An old man with white eyebrows sat at the side of the Divine Weapon Hall.
Luo Zheng nodded at the old man and smiled faintly. The old man said, "If you want to choose a weapon, just give me the jade pendant."
After giving the jade pendant, Luo Zheng looked at the Divine Weapon Hall.
In the center of the Divine Weapon Hall was a wide dome. There were many balls of light floating in the dome..
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and looked over. He saw that the ball of light contained weapons of various shapes and sizes.
"Divine weapons …"
No wonder Yun Luo didn't know whether to laugh or cry when she talked about it. She probably thought that she had underestimated Misty Cloud Palace.
Every weapon in the balls of light was a divine weapon.
Perhaps Luo Zheng's words made the old man with white eyebrows feel comfortable, so he said a few more words for Luo Zheng. "The weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall are all divine weapons. However, the divine weapons below the dome are divided into good and bad grades. The divine weapons at the bottom are the Secondary Grade Three, which is the worst grade."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. The Secondary Grade Three was the Semi-Divine Weapon in the four Divine Kingdoms.
"The higher you go, the higher the grade of the divine weapons. However, it is more difficult to get them. If you want to get a suitable weapon, you have to rely on your own ability!" The old man with white eyebrows said faintly.
At this moment, the two warriors who had a bad relationship with Luo Zheng came from the other side of the Divine Weapon Hall. There was one more person beside them. This person's cultivation was already in the Divine Sea Realm.
On the stairs, Luo Zheng had ridiculed the two warriors in front of the Vice Palace Master. When the two saw Luo Zheng, how could they be happy?
One of them saw Luo Zheng and said to the Divine Sea Realm warrior, "Brother, that's the guy!"
"Oh?" The Divine Sea Realm warrior looked at Luo Zheng faintly and walked over. "A newcomer in the Life and Death Realm, and an ascender. How can you be so arrogant? It's really rare …"
This warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm was not that old, so it was inappropriate to call Luo Zheng "little guy".
The warriors who were watching the show became cautious when they saw the Divine Sea Realm warrior. They were muttering in their hearts, "How did this newcomer offend this guy?"
The Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance was originally a place to cultivate the core talents of the 3,000 Great Worlds. The purpose was to gather the most talented warriors and nurture more powerful warriors.
The Misty Cloud Palace was only one of the palaces. It was interdependent and competitive with the other twelve palaces.
In the Misty Cloud Palace, the status of warriors was divided into two halls.
Warriors who had just entered the Heavenly Palace were members of the Lingyun Hall. Luo Zheng, for example, had not gone through a series of procedures yet. He was purely a newcomer. If he went further, he could join the Swallow Cloud Hall.
The Divine Sea Realm warrior in front of Luo Zheng was called Xie Mang. Although he was also a member of the Lingyun Hall, his ranking was very high. Maybe he could be promoted to the Swallow Cloud Hall in the next batch.
Xie Mang was not only powerful, but also very talented. He was also the son of a Realm Lord. Today, his younger brother Xie Jun was also invited to the Heavenly Palace. Naturally, he came personally and brought his younger brother to pick a weapon.
Along the way, Xie Jun told him that there seemed to be a very arrogant newcomer who dared to talk nonsense in front of the Vice Palace Lord. When he saw Luo Zheng, it was inevitable that he would ridicule him.
Hearing Xie Mang's words, Luo Zheng looked indifferent. Previously, he only spoke to help Yun Luo. Now that the other party was clearly provoking him, Luo Zheng did not even bother to speak. Instead, he asked the old man with white eyebrows, "Is there only one chance to pick a weapon?"
The old man with white eyebrows nodded, "Yes. According to the rules of the Divine Weapon Hall, there is only one chance!"
Luo Zheng smiled and was about to enter the dome to pick a weapon. Unexpectedly, Xie Mang said, "My younger brother came first. Of course, they can pick first."
The old man with white eyebrows seemed to see eye to eye with Luo Zheng. This time, he looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng shrugged and revealed a casual expression. The old man with white eyebrows said, "It doesn't matter who came first. Both of you can enter and pick a weapon."
Xie Mang patted Xie Jun's shoulder and glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng. The people who came to the Thirteen Palaces were all geniuses of various Great Worlds. However, Xie Mang was able to establish himself in the Lingyun Hall. How could he put Luo Zheng in his eyes? In the future, there would be plenty of opportunities to make this kid suffer. There was no need for him to do it personally. He said to his younger brother, "Do your best and strive to get a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon!"
Most of the cultivators here actually had a background. However, not everyone could get a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon.
Sima Yulong's Jiangshan Sheji Sword was given to him by the Sacred Lord. If he left the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, it would return to its original place.
Xie Jun nodded and walked to the center of the dome. After glancing at the sky, he suddenly leaped up!
"Buzz …"
The moment Xie Jun leaped up, the light spots on the dome flew up in an instant!
When Jun Xie reached a height of six meters, his speed began to slow down. It seemed that he was having a hard time doing so ….
Seeing this scene, the surrounding warriors also began to discuss in low voices.
"Xie Mang's strength is valiant, but his younger brother is ordinary …"
"Let alone a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon, I'm afraid he won't even be able to get a Secondary Grade Two Divine Weapon."
"I wasted a spot. I might as well give him a Secondary Grade Two Divine Weapon in exchange for the jade pendant. Let me go up and try …"
Luo Zheng originally didn't understand what was going on with the dome. Now that he saw it, he understood. Xie Jun was a ninth stage Life and Death Realm cultivator, which was similar to Sima Yulong's cultivation. However, it wouldn't be easy for him to get a better weapon.
Xie Jun was struggling more and more. In the end, he was barely able to catch a light spot before falling down from the dome. His face was red from holding his breath.
He had only obtained a single Third Grade Divine Artifact. It was a golden handaxe, and its value was estimated to be around twenty to thirty True Essence Jades. Putting aside the question of whether it was worth anything, the main thing was that he had lost a great deal of face!
"I don't want this!" Xie Jun said stubbornly after getting up. He threw the golden hand axe aside and tried to fly up to the dome again.
However, the white-browed old man stretched out his hand and gently squeezed. An invisible force suddenly pressed down on Xie Jun. Xie Jun, who had just left the ground, felt like he was hit by a hammer and fell to the ground again!
"The weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall are free for the first time. The second time you get them, you have to pay three hundred Zhen Yuanyu," the white-browed old man said indifferently. "If you want to go up again, you have to pay the Zhen Yuanyu first!"

Chapter 1023
Xie Mang couldn't help but feel embarrassed when he saw that his younger brother had only managed to obtain a third-grade divine artifact despite his efforts.
Xie Jun crawled up from the ground with an unwilling expression on his face.
With their status, they didn't even place a Tier 3 Divine Artifact in their eyes. Xie Jun said angrily: "I underestimated the pressure of the dome! Brother, I want to try again! "
The price for another attempt was 300 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, which was equivalent to 3,000,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. It was an astronomical figure for most cultivators.
Of course, it was also a considerable sum for the cultivators of Misty Cloud Palace. Although it was painful, Xie Mang waved his hand and took out 300 pieces of True Origin Stones and threw them on the white-browed elder's table.
The white-browed elder smiled faintly and accepted the 300 pieces of True Origin Stones. Then, Xie Jun jumped up again and headed for the dome.
In fact, with Jun Xie's strength, he could have easily grabbed a secondary grade two divine artifact. However, when he fell down, he only managed to grab a grade three divine artifact. He was extremely unwilling to give up and fell into the heart of a gambler. Since he had wasted a chance, this time he was going to get it back with interest!
His target turned out to be a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon …
He had set his sights on a first-grade divine artifact, but in the end, he was knocked down by the enormous pressure and landed heavily on the ground. He didn't manage to obtain anything.
Xie Mang frowned when he saw this.
As for the other warriors in the Divine Weapon Hall, they also let out a sigh. These three hundred True Origin Jades were equivalent to being thrown into the water.
This time, Xie Jun was too embarrassed to ask him to try again. He could only silently retreat to the side.
At this time, Xie Mang took out another 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu and handed them to the white-browed elder. He then said, "Here are 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Let me try this time!"
"400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He had only asked for 300 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Why did Xie Mang ask for an extra 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu?
However, Luo Zheng's confusion was immediately solved by the cultivators' discussion.
"I'm going to faint. Xie Mang is really ambitious. He's eyeing the first-grade divine artifacts!"
"But Xie Mang is already very strong. Now that he's a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, he might be able to obtain a first-grade divine artifact!"
"Hehe, he wants to earn back what his younger brother lost with interest. However, the pressure in the dome is adjusted according to the cultivation of the cultivator. These first-grade divine artifacts have been here for who knows how many years, but how many have been taken away? I heard from a senior in the Lingyun Hall that the last time a first-grade divine artifact was taken away was probably a hundred years ago. "
First-grade divine artifact?
Luo's eyebrows's's.
When he was in the Lower Realm, whether it was the Central Domain or the Sea God Continent, the weapons he used were all top-grade. However, when he came to the Divine Kingdom Continent, they fell behind.
However, the most important reason was that Luo Zheng relied too much on his own body and not the weapon in his hand. This was because his body was a weapon. However, when he came to the Divine Realm, Luo Zheng also understood the importance of a top-grade divine artifact.
Although the Black Star Pickaxe was a supreme divine artifact, it was not suitable to show it in public. Moreover, it was not suitable to use it in battle.
"Let's observe for a while first," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After the white-haired old man received the 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he still had a faint smile on his face. Then, he stretched out his hand and a picture scroll appeared in his hand. The picture scroll was engraved with illustrations of various divine artifacts.
"The Divine Weapon Pavilion's first-grade divine artifact, the Blood Dripping Spear, has been borrowed by a deacon. Apart from that, there are 16 other first-grade divine artifacts. You can choose any four of them. I will place them on the dome," said the white-haired old man.
"I know the rules." Xie Mang nodded. His gaze swept across the picture scroll.
After that, Xie Mang casually gave some pointers and picked out four weapons from the sixteen first-grade divine artifacts.
From the looks of it, Xie Mang was a sword cultivator. The four weapons he chose were all first-grade divine artifacts. They were the Scarlet Flame Immortal Melody Sword, the Ancient Book Sword, the Shadow Sky Sword, and the Ten Directional Howl Sword.
After Xie Mang made his choice, the old man stretched out his hand and lightly flicked it. Everyone saw four red dots of light enter the dome. The red dots of light were very eye-catching among the white dots of light. However, after floating for a while, the red dots of light floated to the highest point of the dome.
Obviously, these first-grade divine artifacts were priceless items. It would not be easy to obtain them.
Not to mention a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, even a Divine Reaching Realm martial artist or someone of a higher realm would not be able to obtain a first-grade divine artifact so easily.
For example, when the elders and deacons of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace did not have a suitable weapon, they would need to borrow these weapons from the Divine Weapon Hall. When they returned, they would also need to return these weapons.
However, placing these first-grade divine artifacts here was actually just a form of encouragement. Whether it was the Lingyun Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, very few martial artists could obtain them. Those who could obtain first-grade divine artifacts were as rare as phoenix feathers and unicorn horns.
Xie Mang had the intention to challenge him. Moreover, his younger brother had given him a free opportunity. In addition to the three hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu just now, it was not a small expense for him. If he could obtain a first-grade divine artifact, it would be a hundredfold profit!
Moreover, if he obtained a first-grade divine artifact, not only would he obtain treasures, but he would also become famous in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Xie Mang walked to the center of the dome. He did not rush to the top of the dome. Instead, he made some preparations. First, he swallowed an elixir. This elixir could increase the power of the Zhen Yuanyu in his Inner World by at least twenty percent. This elixir was worth thirty to forty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. However, since he had already given away four hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he naturally had to throw in this elixir as well.
After swallowing the elixir, he took a deep breath and then slowly left the ground.
He knew that there would be a delay in the gravity of the dome. Although the delay was very short, less than a blink of an eye, it was very precious to him.
This was because the gravity of the dome would sense the power of the cultivator. When the cultivator increased his power, the gravity of the dome would increase accordingly!
Therefore, Xie Mang only slowly flew up into the sky. Even so, the force was still very powerful. Moreover, as he flew higher and higher, the gravity he felt also became stronger and stronger.
At this moment, there were many white specks of light floating around Xie Mang. Those specks of light contained Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifacts. Weapons of this level were naturally not worthy of his attention. He did not even spare them a glance as he continued to increase his own strength.
Soon, the light spots floating around him were Secondary Grade Two divine artifacts. Then, they were Second Grade Two divine artifacts …
The cultivators in the Divine Weapon Hall began to discuss again.
"He has already reached the area of Second Grade Two divine artifacts. In fact, he won't lose anything by casually grabbing a Second Grade Two divine artifact!"
"Yes, Second Grade Two divine artifacts are not bad. However, since he took out an extra hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, his target must be the First Grade Two divine artifacts …"
"First Grade Two divine artifacts are still very difficult. If he can't grab a First Grade Two divine artifact, I'm afraid his efforts will be in vain."
At this moment, Xie Mang's face was flushed red. Under the pressure of the terrifying gravity, even an inch higher was comparable to ascending to the heavens. However, he still gritted his teeth and slowly increased his altitude. He was too lazy to even look at the white light spots floating around him.
In his eyes, there were only those red light spots. They were the First Grade Two divine artifacts!
As he increased his altitude inch by inch, he swept past the Second Grade Two divine artifacts and arrived at the area of Secondary Grade Two divine artifacts.
At this moment, he was less than ten feet away from those red light spots. Looking at the four red light spots floating in the sky, Xie Mang's eyes flashed with a hint of malevolence.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1024
Xie Mang's original plan was to explode when he was about five feet away from the red dots of light. He wanted to take advantage of the fact that the gravity had not abruptly increased to rush up.
This experience was said to have been left behind by a senior who had once used this method to obtain a first-grade divine artifact.
However, Xie Mang was already nearing his limit. It would be extremely difficult to ascend even an inch. At that moment, he was only relying on his willpower to forcefully hold on.
After a few breaths, he finally managed to ascend a quarter of a foot. He realized that he was already an arrow at the end of its flight. If he did not explode now, he might not have another chance. He clenched his teeth and the True Origin Sea in his body suddenly surged with monstrous waves.
Xie Mang, who had been slowly ascending, suddenly sped up.
However, the moment Xie Mang unleashed his power, the gravity pressing down from the dome increased exponentially!
"I've been tricked!"
Didn't they say that there would be a delay in the increase in gravity? Why did the gravity increase the moment he exploded?
The old man sitting at the table sneered, "Walking the crooked path and not relying on your own strength, you will fail in the end!"
In fact, Xie Mang had not been tricked.
Using this method to obtain the divine artifact on the dome was indeed feasible for a period of time.
The gravity runes on the dome were also constantly detecting the situation of the cultivators. However, there was a certain delay in this detection. Some cultivators discovered a loophole and flew into the dome to suppress their strength. When they were close enough, they would suddenly erupt with all their strength.
Although the delay was very short, not even the blink of an eye, it was enough to allow the cultivators to ascend by quite a bit.
Since it was a loophole, it was naturally not allowed. Although the Divine Armament Hall did not explicitly forbid it, they had secretly repaired the divine patterns on the dome to block the loophole.
Right now, Xie Mang had been tricked by this loophole.
Although he had exploded with the True Origin Sea in his body, the gravity had also multiplied. Although the explosion had increased his height by several feet, there was still some distance between him and the nearest red dot of light.
The most despicable thing was that the red dot of light seemed to be deliberately drifting toward his hand. The distance between the two was only one foot. However, this one foot was like a natural chasm to Xie Mang.
"Let's fight!"
At this moment, Xie Mang's eyes turned red. He bit the tip of his tongue and began burning his essence blood!
It was very difficult to make up for the loss of blood essence. Even if it was possible to make up for it, one would have to pay a considerable price.
The current Xie Mang was like a gambler who had lost everything. The more he lost, the more he had to recoup his losses. As such, he had to invest even more in order to win back all that he had lost in one go.
However, Xie Mang seemed to have forgotten that the Divine Rune of Gravity would increase according to the power Xie Mang unleashed. After he ignited his blood essence, he obtained an upward force, but the gravity became even more terrifying …
One foot, half a foot, one inch …
Despite the immense gravity, Xie Mang was only an inch away from the red dot of light!
If he remembered correctly, the treasured sword in this light spot was the Ten Directional Howl Sword!
He had studied the Ten Directional Whistling Sword in detail before. The heavy sword was not heavy for the wielder, but in reality, it contained the weight of ten thousand mountains. The wielder could control this weight as he wished, so a single slash was equivalent to the power of ten thousand mountains.
Once he obtained it, he would have earned it back!
Xie Mang clenched his teeth. He could feel that his fingertips had already touched the red dot of light. As long as he moved up half an inch, he would be able to grab the dot of light in his hand!
However, at this moment, a scene that caused him to despair occurred. The dot of light nimbly jumped and moved away from Xie Mang …
The dots of light above the dome were not fixed existences. They were like little fairies, flying all over the dome.
Seeing this scene, Xie Mang could no longer hold his breath. His strength weakened and his entire body was directly pressed down by the gravity!
While being pressed down by the gravity, Xie Mang's hands fluttered wildly in an attempt to grab another divine artifact.
"Rumble!"
A loud sound suddenly exploded in the Divine Weapon Hall. Xie Mang's body had already heavily smashed into the floor. As he fell, he did manage to grab a divine artifact. Lying on the floor, Xie Mang picked up the divine artifact and looked at it. He was so angry that he almost vomited blood. It was actually a Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact! Even his younger brother, Xie Jun, could not compare to it.
"He still failed!"
"Actually, it's not bad. This Xie Mang is indeed not an ordinary person. He just lacked a bit of luck!"
"Don't forget that he must have burned his blood essence. Xie Mang must have suffered a great loss!"
After Xie Mang crawled up from the ground, his face was filled with depression. He threw the Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact aside.
Seeing that Xie Mang was angry, the white-browed old man smiled. "Do you want to try again?"
"There's no need!" Xie Mang said coldly. After investing so much, he only obtained a Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact. He felt that it was quite embarrassing. He did not want to stay here any longer and prepared to leave with Xie Jun.
At this time, Luo Zheng handed the jade pendant to the old man and asked, "If I want to take the first-grade divine artifacts, do I have to pay an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu?"
The jade pendant in Luo Zheng's hand was the opportunity to enter the dome and obtain a divine artifact. In fact, it was equivalent to three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Adding an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu meant that Luo Zheng's intention was very obvious. He wanted to obtain the first-grade divine artifact.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xie Mang, who was about to leave, suddenly stopped. A mocking smile appeared on his face. He said indifferently, "Hehe, you've just entered the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace and you want to take the first-grade divine artifact? You're overestimating yourself!"
After saying that, he did not leave. He really wanted to see if Luo Zheng was bragging or if he really had the courage to choose a first-grade divine artifact! It was like some people who fell down in a place and hoped that others would fall down in the same place. This way, they could prove that they were not the only idiot who made a mistake here.
The old man with white eyebrows laughed and said, "That's the theory. However, according to the rules, if someone pays an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu today, he can also take the first-grade divine artifact above!"
In other words, Luo Zheng did not need to pay the extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu and he would not take the four first-grade divine artifacts above the dome.
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently and said, "But I still want to see the drawing!"
It was not that Luo Zheng was greedy, but Luo Zheng knew that it was not easy to choose a weapon that suited him. Therefore, he wanted to take a look at it.
"Sure." The old man with white eyebrows nodded indifferently. He opened the drawing and handed it to Luo Zheng.
On the first page of the drawing, there were a total of sixteen first-grade divine artifacts. Xie Mang had chosen four swords from these sixteen artifacts.
Luo Zheng skimmed through them one by one. The four swords were the only sword-shaped weapons among the sixteen first-grade divine artifacts. The others were sabers, spears, bows, and even a bag of arrows …
With just one look, Luo Zheng knew that he did not need to pay the extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu. However, when he flipped the drawing, he found that there was a second page.
"Huh? The second page? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious expression.
There were only three weapons on the second page!
Xie Mang sneered when he saw Luo Zheng's expression. "You don't need to look at the second page. Those things are not for you to control!"
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Xie Mang and said, "I'll look at it myself. What does that have to do with you?"
Xie Mang was originally still angry. When he heard a junior who had just joined the Misty Cloud Palace speak to him in such a manner, he was immediately filled with killing intent. Beside him, Xie Jun said, "Brother, this kid's mouth is so cheap!"
Sensing Xie Mang's killing intent, Luo Zheng did not move. Instead, he looked indifferently at Xie Jun with a mocking expression and continued to look at the second page of the drawing.
The old man with white eyebrows said, "The rules of the Divine Weapon Hall cannot be broken. If you want to fight, fight outside!"

Chapter 1025
In fact, the second page wasn't a secret in the Divine Weapon Hall.
The Misty Cloud Palace had this tradition for generations.
When the previous Palace Master left his post, he would leave behind one of his treasures and place it in the Divine Weapon Hall.
These three weapons were the weapons of the previous three Palace Masters.
Among the first-grade divine weapons, there were good ones and bad ones!
Naturally, the three divine weapons of the previous Palace Master couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as ordinary first-grade divine weapons!
Therefore, there was this rule. If one wanted to place the first-grade divine weapon on the first page into the dome, one had to pay one hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Then, one could place any four of them.
If one wanted to place the first-grade divine weapon on the second page into the dome, one still had to pay one hundred Zhen Yuanyu. However, one could only place one weapon.
Luo Zheng carefully looked at the three weapons.
Two of the three weapons were sabers. They were the Pure Yang Mystic Yellow Saber and the Flaming Sun Shadow Fire Saber!
Luo Zheng didn't practice saber techniques, so saber-type weapons weren't suitable for him. After a casual glance, he skipped the illustration.
But then, Luo Zheng's eyes stopped on the last weapon.
It was a sword.
"Thunder and Wind Divine Sword!"
The sword was five feet long!
It contained the power of wind and thunder. The sword's momentum was like the wind, and the sword's edge was like thunder …
I held this sword for two hundred thousand years. When I left, I placed this sword in the Divine Weapon Hall.
Those who are fated to take it with their own strength!
It's a pleasure to meet you. I hope this sword can shine more brilliantly!
Luo Zheng carefully read the words below the sword. These words should have been left by the previous Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace.
After reading, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He took out one hundred Zhen Yuanyu from his Sumeru Ring and handed it to the old man with white eyebrows.
The old man with white eyebrows smiled and asked, "Kid, have you made your choice?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"What did you choose? I'll show it to you. "The old man with white eyebrows smiled.
Luo Zheng pointed lightly and said, "That's it, the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword!"
"This sword was left behind by the previous Palace Master," the old man with white eyebrows said faintly.
"Could it be that this Palace Lord has already reached the Five Decays of Heaven and Man?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng was young, but the time scale in the Upper Realm was far from what he could imagine. Since he had left his position, it was very likely that he had entered the Five Decay of Celestial Being.
Actually, Luo Zheng was asking if the Palace Master had fallen by mentioning the Five Decays of Celestial Beings.
The white-browed old man sighed and shook his head. "No, this is the sword left behind by Palace Master Xiao. Not only did he not fall into the Five Decay of the Celestial Being, he is probably trying to break through to the Empyrean Realm!"
"Attack the Celestial Venerable Realm!" Luo Zheng took a deep breath.
The white-browed old man nodded but did not say much. He just flicked his finger lightly, and a blue light spot appeared in the dome.
Now, there were many white light spots floating under the dome, and there were four red light spots at the top. However, the blue light spot was floating at the highest point of the dome!
"Blue, blue light spots … This kid actually chose the divine weapon on the second page of the illustrated handbook!"
"Why are there blue light spots? Red light spots can be seen occasionally. Although I have never seen anyone successfully take a first-grade divine weapon, someone has challenged it. However, this is the first time I've seen a blue light spot!"
"Nonsense, it's impossible to take the weapon on the second page of the illustrated handbook! There's still a slight chance of getting the first-grade divine weapon on the first page, but the second-grade divine weapon on the second page … Hehe, although everyone has a lot of Zhen Yuanyu, who would throw Zhen Yuanyu into the water? "
"This kid is too arrogant. I guess he doesn't want to take the first-grade divine weapon at all. He just wants to spend 100 Zhen Yuanyu to see the good fortune …"
Many cultivators looked at the blue light spot above their heads and began to talk about it.
As for Xie Mang and Xie Jun, the smile on their faces became even wider. Xie Mang said, "I've been in the Misty Cloud Palace for so long, but I've never seen an idiot who actually put the weapon on the second page into the dome. The ignorant are truly fearless!"
Xie Jun smiled and said, "If you have too much Zhen Yuanyu and no place to spend it, you can just give it away. Why waste it?"
Luo Zheng naturally did not have many True Essence Jades to spend. These hundred True Essence Jades were returned to him because the armored soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land were especially merciful. His entire net worth was only a little more than a hundred True Essence Jades. Now that he had placed such a heavy bet, his goal was naturally very simple. He must obtain this Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword!
Luo Zheng merely smiled in response to Xie Jun's words. He did not have the time to waste on this brat as he walked towards the center of the dome.
Xie Jun's strength and talent were not worth mentioning in Luo Zheng's eyes. However, his brother Xie Mang was an opponent that Luo Zheng had to pay attention to. Even if Xie Mang wanted to fly to the top of the dome, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to touch the blue light spot.
After adjusting his mentality, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and gently circulated the chaotic energy in his body. His figure quietly left the ground.
The moment Luo Zheng ascended, a force pressed down on his body.
"What a strong gravity." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed faintly.
This gravity was the same as the one in the space of the mineral tree in the Divine Kingdom's continent. However, it was not as tyrannical as the one in the space. The gravity of the mineral tree could not be resisted at all. As long as a leaf fell, it would be directly pulled down.
The gravity in front of Luo Zheng did not cause any trouble. He did not rush up, but slowly increased his altitude.
One zhang, two zhang …
As Luo Zheng's altitude increased, the gravity exerted on his body became stronger and stronger. It was as if there was a big hand in the dome, firmly grasping Luo Zheng and pulling him down.
However, even so, Luo Zheng still maintained a constant speed and calmly increased his speed. Apart from the fact that his speed was somewhat slow, it was impossible to see that there was such a gravity exerting on Luo Zheng's body.
"His momentum is not bad! This kid … doesn't seem to be pretending! "
"From the looks of it, it shouldn't be difficult for this kid to get a second grade divine tool!"
"Indeed, he's only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. I think he'll be able to challenge the Swallow Cloud Hall soon!"
These cultivators did not know Luo Zheng. Previously, when they saw that Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, they more or less looked down on him. However, now that they saw how Luo Zheng easily increased his altitude, they felt some admiration in their hearts.
Xie Mang coldly said, "Hmph, he's just pretending to be calm. I'm afraid he's already holding on for dear life. I've seen many people like him!"
"Brother is right. This kid can probably get a third grade divine tool at most!" Xie Jun also chimed in.
When the nearby cultivators heard this, some of them whispered, "Even a third grade divine tool is stronger than you guys …"
As for the white-browed old man, he still looked at Luo Zheng with an indifferent and amiable gaze. However, in the depths of his amiable gaze, there was a hint of surprise.
He had guarded the Divine Weapon Hall for so many years, and had seen too many cultivators who came to obtain divine tools. Among them, there were no doubt many brilliant geniuses who had strong confidence in themselves. However, the white-browed old man could feel the fluctuations in their state of mind.
Take Xie Mang for example. Although his speed was also increasing slowly, because he needed to draw out a considerable amount of power to resist the gravity, the speed of his increase was not uniform. Under careful observation, it was sometimes fast and sometimes slow.
This was similar to a person pushing a cart. Generally speaking, power was released in one breath, and it was very rhythmic.
However, there was an exception. If the cart was very light, the person pushing it could easily handle it and maintain a very uniform speed. Of course, if the cart was very heavy, the person pushing it would be incomparably strong, and could maintain a uniform speed.
Luo Zheng was like this. His speed of increase was very uniform, neither fast nor slow, neither slow nor fast. This showed that Luo Zheng's power was more than enough to deal with the gravity in front of him, or it could be said that he had completely suppressed the gravity to achieve this.

Chapter 1026
The interior of the Divine Weapon Hall was rather spacious. However, the dome above Luo Zheng was only about 200 zhang in height.
If it weren't for the strong gravitational pressure, any warrior who wanted to get close to the dome would only need an instant.
When Luo Zheng reached 50 zhang, the gravitational force was already comparable to a huge mountain pressing down on his body.
This level of gravity still didn't pose much of a problem for Luo Zheng. He still maintained a steady speed, but his expression was very calm. His eyes were fixed on the blue light in the depths of the dome. This was the target he wanted to obtain!
When Luo Zheng reached another 20 zhang in height, he was already able to touch some of the white light in the lowest layer.
When Luo Zheng passed by these white specks of light, he glanced at them indifferently. The white specks of light contained secondary grade three god artifacts, and there were all kinds of weapons. After a casual glance, Luo Zheng's target left these specks of light. He could only take one at a time. If he was itchy enough to take a single speck of light, he would probably be immediately pulled down from the sky by the old man.
At a height of 70 zhang, the gravitational force had more than doubled. Luo Zheng faintly felt some pressure.
However, this pressure was still very small. He continued to ascend slowly, neither too fast nor too slow.
At a height of 30 zhang, the pressure on Luo Zheng increased. Secondary grade three divine weapons floated around Luo Zheng.
Continue to ascend …
At a height of 120 zhang, the gravitational force doubled again. The surrounding light spots were secondary grade two divine weapons …
Continue …
At this time, the warriors who were originally clamoring in the Divine Weapon Hall had already quieted down.
Only now did they realize that Luo Zheng's effortless and calm appearance wasn't a pretense!
Even if he wanted to pretend, he had to have the ability to do so!
Xie Mang's face had already turned red at this height. However, Luo Zheng's face still didn't show much of a reaction. He didn't show any signs of weakness!
The surprise hidden in the depths of the white-browed old man's eyes was becoming more and more obvious!
"This kid, even at this height, he's still maintaining a constant speed. The gravity still doesn't have much effect on him?"
When they had just ascended, many martial artists were able to achieve a uniform speed. But now, they had already reached a height of 120 feet. Even at this height, he was still able to easily control himself. If this boy were to erupt with power and rush upwards, just how high could he reach?
In fact, when Luo Zheng took out 100 Zhen Yuanyu, the old man with white eyebrows originally wanted to dissuade him. But looking at Luo Zheng's serious eyes, he also knew that his dissuasion was useless.
What's more, young people had to have some drive. They had to have the ambition even though they knew it was impossible. Even if they failed, they could climb up again. This kid was only in his twenties. In the eyes of the white-browed old man, he was an infant. Some failures would be good for his future growth.
Therefore, the white-browed old man followed Luo Zheng's suggestion and placed the Thundergale Ghost Sword into the dome.
However, he did not even consider the possibility of Luo Zheng obtaining this first-grade divine weapon!
Of course, at this stage, the white-browed old man still did not think that Luo Zheng would be able to obtain it. However, based on Luo Zheng's momentum, it was possible for him to obtain the red dot of light, which was the first-grade divine weapon that Xie Mang had placed in the dome first.
Even so, it was still very good. To be able to obtain a first-grade divine weapon after entering the Divine Weapon Hall was extremely rare even in the other Twelve Heavenly Palaces, let alone the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
"He can still maintain a constant speed at 120 feet. I reckon he won't be able to hold on at 140 feet. After this height increases to 140 feet, the gravity will rapidly increase to a new level …" The white-browed old man was curious to what level this kid could reach.
Just as the white-browed old man was thinking about this, Luo Zheng had already crossed the height of 130 feet at a moderate pace.
When he approached the height of 140 feet, he suddenly felt that the gravity had doubled in an instant!
After several times of doubling, the gravity exerted on Luo Zheng's body had reached a terrifying level. This kind of constant doubling of gravity was extremely terrifying. After a few times of doubling, the gravity had increased by an order of magnitude.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly!
The originally quiet Divine Weapon Hall was suddenly filled with the sound of discussion, but the warriors kept their voices very low.
Although they could not obtain the divine weapon they wanted, they had already formed a sense of expectation for Luo Zheng. They just wanted to see what grade of divine weapon this newcomer could obtain!
Of course, not everyone had such expectations.
For example, the two brothers Xie Mang and Xie Jun, as well as the warrior who had joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace with Xie Jun …
How could they be happy when they saw that Luo Zheng had risen to a height of 140 feet?
Especially Xie Mang. He had entered the Divine Weapon Hall many times. Although his judgment was not as good as the white-browed old man's, Xie Mang already knew that Luo Zheng would obtain a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon. As for a Grade One Divine Weapon, there might still be a slight chance!
Thinking that he had been in the Lingyun Hall for so long, but he was not as good as this newcomer who had just ascended, how could he not feel good?
At this time, Xie Mang even regretted staying here to see this scene. This kind of thing was a huge blow to his confidence. He had worked so hard for such a difficult thing, but it was easily done by a guy who looked much weaker than him. No one would be happy if this happened to him!
Moreover … Xie Mang had taken elixirs before, and later, he even burned his blood essence.
Burning one's blood essence was something that would only be used in a desperate situation. Compared to Luo Zheng, he wished he could find a hole to crawl into.
As for Xie Jun, he naturally had nothing to say. The gap between him and Luo Zheng was unimaginable. His heart was numb, but when he saw his brother's expression, he was a little worried. He only hoped that his brother would not be too sad, but he did not dare to open his mouth to comfort Xie Mang.
When Luo Zheng's body shook, the white-browed old man seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. This kid finally couldn't take it anymore.
If Luo Zheng could really maintain a constant speed all the way up, then he would be an indescribable monster!
Fortunately, there shouldn't be such an exaggerated kid in this world, the white-browed old man thought indifferently.
However, just as he sighed in his heart, his face suddenly stiffened, and the calm expression in his eyes was completely replaced by shock!
"This kid …"
It turned out that after experiencing the tremors, Luo Zheng had actually adapted to the gravity of a height of 140 feet in an instant. This guy was actually maintaining a constant speed and was still slowly rising …
At this time, even the white-browed old man could not sit still. Who recruited this kid into the Heavenly Palace?
Should he inform the Palace Master?
Thinking of this, he did not hesitate at all. He took out a Sound Transmitting Talisman. As the Sound Transmitting Talisman burned, the white-browed old man sent a voice into the talisman.
"Palace Master, there's a kid coming here to take the treasure. He seems to have just joined our Heavenly Palace, but I don't know who recruited him. This kid actually …"
Before the white-browed old man could finish speaking, Yun Luo's indifferent voice had already come back. "I know."
"How do you know?" The white-browed old man was stunned. He did not even finish speaking. Moreover, the Palace Master was not in the Divine Weapon Hall, so how did she know who he was talking about?
"I was the one who brought Luo Zheng to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Whatever he can get, I'll give it to him …" Yun Luo cut off the communication talisman after she finished speaking. Since she had promised Luo Zheng to help Xun recover her soul, she would do it. She was busy at the moment.
As for the white-browed old man's words, Yun Luo did not take it to heart.
At this time, there were definitely more warriors entering the Divine Weapon Hall than Luo Zheng. However, Yun Luo was very sure that there was no one else other than Luo Zheng who could make the old man so surprised to contact her. As for the two guys brought by Xu Can, it was impossible for them to make the old man so surprised.
No matter what, she still had a lot of confidence in Luo Zheng …
After Yun Luo cut off the Sound Transmitting Talisman, the white-browed old man fixed his eyes on Luo Zheng. Only then did he realize that this kid was brought in by the Palace Master himself.
Even if he was brought in personally by the Palace Master, so what? How could he be so monstrous? The old man with white eyebrows was in a daze. The Thirteen Palaces were originally a place to discover geniuses in the Alliance. Every year, many geniuses were found by the palace masters and vice palace masters, but geniuses like Luo Zheng were too rare.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1027
The other cultivators from the Martial Arts Hall couldn't figure out what was going on. They only felt that it was too easy for Luo Zheng to increase his height.
Apart from the white-browed elder, Xie Mang also saw through the mystery.
When Xie Mang was increasing his height, he also deliberately suppressed part of his power. However, he deliberately suppressed his power because he wanted to suddenly erupt after reaching a certain height. His starting point was different from Luo Zheng's.
Moreover, even if he deliberately suppressed his power, he would still be suppressed by the gravity at this height. How could he be as calm and composed as Luo Zheng and maintain a very uniform speed?
Judging from this, this kid's power was far from the limit!
Fifty zhang, sixty zhang …
Around Luo Zheng, those tiny white specks of light were pulsating restlessly. These white specks of light were all grade two divine artifacts.
Some of the dots of light even jumped onto Luo Zheng's face. As long as he stretched out his hand to grab them, they would be within his reach.
However, Luo Zheng still raised his head. The chaotic energy in his body was circulating even more vigorously …
At sixty zhang, there were second-grade divine weapons. At one hundred and eighty zhang, there were first-grade divine weapons.
At one hundred and ninety zhang, there were only four red dots of light. They were first-grade divine weapons that Xie Mang had spent four hundred Zhen Yuanyu to place in the dome.
The only first-grade divine weapon, a blue dot of light, floated at two hundred zhang. The azure blue dot of light stuck close to the dome's ceiling and constantly fluttered …
"Rise …"
At this time, the gravity was also getting stronger and stronger!
Even Luo Zheng felt that it was extremely strenuous. However, he maintained a delicate balance from beginning to end. The chaotic energy in his body circulated faster and faster. At the same time, he used the power of the dragon scales to resist the gravity.
In his mind, the dragon scales were lit up one by one by Luo Zheng.
Five hundred …
One thousand …
Two thousand …
When Luo Zheng activated the power of four thousand dragon scales, he had already reached one hundred and ninety zhang!
If Luo Zheng moved horizontally at this time, he could definitely catch up to the four first-grade divine weapons!
"This guy's target is actually the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword …"
"Actually, as long as he catches a first-grade divine weapon, he'll make a fortune! This kid doesn't seem to be satisfied. "
"Nonsense. If you have the ability to chase after something better, why should you take something worse?"
Those martial artists already understood that Luo Zheng indeed had the strength!
Previously, Xie Mang had also reached a height of 190 feet. He was only a hair's breadth away from a grade one divine artifact. However, Xie Mang hadn't been at that height for long. He simply didn't have the power to chase after those red dots of light.
However, Luo Zheng had already stopped at a height of nineteen zhang, and was only one zhang away from the dome!
At this time, Luo Zheng had already ignored everything else. In his eyes, there was only the dancing blue light!
However, it was still far from enough to reach this height. These light spots were not stationary. They were like tiny fireflies, gently fluttering in the surroundings.
The fluttering speed wasn't fast. With a martial artist's reaction speed, even if these light spots fluttered ten times faster, they could still easily catch them.
However, under this gravity, even if one took a breath, the slightest bit of carelessness would cause one to be directly smashed down by the gravity. One could imagine how difficult it would be to catch those light spots.
After Luo Zheng locked onto those light spots, he let out a slight sigh of relief.
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was indeed difficult to catch. At the last three zhang, the gravity would double for every ten zhang. He had to double the power of the dragon scales to deal with this gravity.
At that height of twenty zhang, if the gravity doubled again, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to withstand it.
This was because the limit of the power of the dragon scales Luo Zheng's body could withstand was six thousand.
He could indeed activate eight thousand dragon scales, but his body couldn't withstand it …
He could only give it a try!
It wasn't easy to reach this height. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't want to return empty-handed. If it was safe, he could indeed choose any of the four first grade divine weapons. However, since Luo Zheng had set a goal for himself, there was no reason not to complete it, even if it seemed a little difficult.
However, he had never been afraid of challenges. A martial artist could only grow through repeated challenges!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly lit up the power of the six thousand dragon scales in his body!
The surging power was like a channel that opened a gate, flowing through Luo Zheng's limbs and bones. At the same time, crackling sounds came from Luo Zheng's body again.
"It seems that some kind of secret technique has been activated!"
"This kid probably doesn't know that under this dome, the stronger he is, the greater the gravity suppressed by the dome!"
"Let's wait and see. Whether he succeeds or not depends on this moment. However, no matter whether he succeeds or not, I admire this kid's courage. He just entered our Misty Cloud Palace, and he dares to attack the weapons left by the previous Palace Masters …"
Just as these warriors had said, after the power in Luo Zheng's body erupted, the corresponding gravitational force also rapidly increased.
However, the increase in gravity wasn't as fast as Luo Zheng's!
Because at this moment, Luo Zheng used the Chaotic Qi in his body to circulate the Law of Wind, and his Vital Essence began to erupt at the same time.
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng could no longer maintain the slow speed of his ascent. Under this eruption, the speed of his ascent increased by several times!
"What a powerful gravity!"
At this height, under the influence of the powerful gravity, the surrounding space began to become incomparably viscous. It was as if Luo Zheng wasn't in the air, but in a quagmire. Every breath of air was like wet mud, firmly pressed down on Luo Zheng's body by the gravity.
However, Luo Zheng was like a nimble fish. At this moment, he didn't desperately rush upwards. Instead, he changed his direction and rushed diagonally. Then, he twisted his body and increased his altitude again!
After twisting a few times, Luo Zheng finally reached the height of the dome's ceiling!
All the warriors in the Divine Weapon Hall were no longer talking. Some of them were even clenching their fists. This scene that happened in front of them was indeed inconceivable. After all, the weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall were notoriously difficult to obtain.
At the same time, they also felt lucky. After all, there were still some martial artists who had taken away first-grade divine weapons. However, taking away the weapons of the previous Palace Masters had never happened even once.
Being able to witness this scene was enough for them to boast to their friends for a year …
Luo Zheng's body stabilized at a height of 200 feet. He knew that if he relaxed even a little bit, all his efforts would be for naught. He would fall directly to the ground like Xie Mang.
Therefore, after flying to this height, he concentrated all his attention on resisting the gravity and didn't rush to chase after the blue light spot.
As for the blue light spot, it continued to float around carelessly. Occasionally, it would get closer to Luo Zheng. However, as soon as it got close to Luo Zheng, it suddenly jumped away.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Luo Zheng's breathing became heavier and heavier.
His body had already reached the limit of what it could bear. Perhaps if he increased his strength even a little bit more, it would be like the straw that broke the camel's back. Either his body would collapse or he would be directly smashed down.
"He's in a daze. He's actually in a daze at a height of 200 feet. This person is really enchanting …"
"He's probably locking onto the blue light spot. A height of 200 feet is too terrifying. Right now, it's like he's walking on a tightrope. He can slow down, but he can't make any mistakes. Otherwise, he'll fall directly!"
"But there has to be a limit to how slow he can be. He's just standing there!"
At this moment, the white-browed elder had already stood up and looked at Luo Zheng …
At this moment, the white-browed elder suddenly had a thought. He didn't want Luo Zheng to obtain the Thundergale Divine Sword so easily. He wanted to see where Luo Zheng's limit was!
These light spots were personally placed by the white-browed elder. As long as he wanted to, he could easily control these light spots.

Chapter 1028
At this height, Luo Zheng had to prepare for ten breaths of time.
During this process, he could clearly see the trajectory of the blue light.
After determining the direction of the blue light spot in the next breath, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and his body suddenly fluttered.
"Whoosh …"
Even though the power in his body was close to the limit, his speed was still not slow!
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, he should have an eighty percent chance of success!
As for the warriors below, they were all very excited.
"It's steady. He can still maintain such a speed. This guy is simply abnormal!"
"The value of any one of these three divine weapons is immeasurable. This guy has just entered the Misty Cloud Palace and he's already rich. He's really …"
Luo Zheng rushed towards the blue light, and the distance between the two was quickly shortened.
The blue light spot was drifting in a disorderly manner, but Luo Zheng was able to estimate its next possible trajectory and waited here in advance.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could be said to have reached his destination first. When the blue light hit him, the distance between the two was quickly shortened!
"It's close!"
At this time, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a smile. He suddenly reached out his hand to grab the light!
When the light was less than a foot away from Luo Zheng's hand, the blue light seemed to have felt the danger in front of it and suddenly stopped in the air.
Luo Zheng's smile froze on his face. He gritted his teeth and his body flashed, taking the initiative to grab it!
However, when Luo Zheng took the initiative to grab it, it was fine. But when he took the initiative to grab it, the blue light actually retreated …
Not only was Luo Zheng a little stunned, but the warriors of the Divine Weapon Hall were also stunned.
"How can it be like this? I've never heard of these light spots being able to escape! "
Just like before, when Xie Mang was trying to grab the red light spot, he was just a little bit away. At this critical moment, the red light spot actually left Xie Mang.
However, everyone knew that these light spots were originally floating randomly. They could only blame Xie Mang's bad luck. If he was just a little bit luckier, he wouldn't have failed.
The problem was that the blue light spot's behavior just now was too outrageous.
The moment it was about to reach Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped. And when Luo Zheng reached out to grab it, it actually ran away …
This was too much …
Luo Zheng didn't think much about it. He couldn't be distracted. He didn't feel discouraged when he didn't grab it. Instead, he tried his best to maintain his height! He had just pounced over, and his body had dropped four feet, but now he was slowly rising again. However, his face was getting uglier and uglier. After all, it was quite difficult for any warrior to maintain their height while resisting such a terrifying gravity.
However, the warriors below were not happy.
Everyone looked at the old man with white eyebrows in unison. Even Xie Mang looked at the old man with white eyebrows with the same expression …
Xie Mang naturally didn't want to ask for an explanation on behalf of Luo Zheng. However, he had almost let a grade one divine artifact slip from his hands. He guessed that the old man might have been behind his grab just now.
However, deep down, Xie Mang roughly understood that he might really have been unlucky. Nevertheless, by putting on such an act, he could at least save some face. Everyone thought that the old man with white eyebrows was behind it, not that he was weak.
Seeing that everyone's eyes were focused on him, the old man with white eyebrows revealed a trace of embarrassment. He knew that things weren't looking good. His control just now seemed a little too fake and had aroused suspicion.
"Cough cough." In order to hide his embarrassment, the old man with white eyebrows said, "There should be a remnant of spiritual intelligence in the former Palace Master's weapon. If we want to catch this sword, I'm afraid it will take a lot of effort …"
"Oh …"
"I see …"
"I understand. So it has spiritual intelligence. That's amazing!"
Although these warriors didn't dare to doubt the old man with white eyebrows, their expressions and the tone of their replies showed that they didn't believe him at all. Even children would find it difficult to deceive such deceitful words.
In fact, whether or not Luo Zheng could obtain the former Palace Master's weapon had nothing to do with these warriors. It was just that Luo Zheng had already reached this step. Everyone was secretly hoping that Luo Zheng would succeed. Otherwise, it would inevitably be a little disappointing.
Moreover, if Luo Zheng succeeded in his challenge, it would be a good example for them. In the future, they might be able to reach 200 feet in the dome and obtain the former Palace Master's weapon.
Naturally, they were dissatisfied with the old man with white eyebrows …
As a result, the old man with white eyebrows looked even more embarrassed. He was an upright person, so it was inevitable that he would lose face by doing such a thing. He was afraid that he would end up with a bad reputation. After all, he had repeatedly said that the weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall belonged to whoever caught them. However, he had actually controlled those light spots to run around. Who could catch them? Wasn't this a scam?
However, he didn't care about the weapons. He was only in charge of managing the Divine Weapon Hall. As for who the weapons fell into, it had nothing to do with him … He really just wanted to test Luo Zheng!
After the first lesson, Luo Zheng was a lot more cautious the second time. In fact, he had also discovered that the blue light spots could intentionally avoid him. As a result, it would be extremely difficult to catch them.
At this time, Luo Zheng was also a little apprehensive. Just flying to this height was already so difficult, but the blue light spots could still run around on their own. Wasn't it obvious that they didn't want to be caught?
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't choose to give up.
Along the way, he had encountered many more difficult encounters. Moreover, there was no danger to his life in the Divine Weapon Hall. He really mustered up his strength and rushed towards the blue light spots again.
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng's speed increased, the speed of the blue light spots also increased. At this time, Luo Zheng was like an eagle chasing an extremely agile hummingbird!
However, due to gravity, Luo Zheng's speed was greatly reduced. In addition, the blue light spots were extremely agile. Both of them circled the dome ceiling a few times. In the end, Luo Zheng had to stop to catch his breath and stare at the blue light spots.
Seeing this scene, the warriors below were even more speechless.
It was already a miracle that Luo Zheng could fly to a height of 200 feet. Now, he was actually still circling at a height of 200 feet. In addition to being surprised, they were even more annoyed with the white-browed old man.
At first, no one dared to say anything. No one was willing to offend the white-browed old man.
However, someone whispered, "This is too unfair. They might as well control all the light spots. In this way, no one can get a single weapon. I'm afraid that the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace will make a lot of money."
"That's right. 300 Zhen Yuanyu for one chance. We can't even get a fart. Let's spread the news and tell everyone not to be cheated by the Divine Weapon Hall!"
"This is too much! This is too much! "
These people's voices became louder and louder. The atmosphere became more and more intense. Among them, a warrior stood out and said to the white-browed old man, "Yue Lao, have you played enough?"
"Yes, give us the weapon or not. Just say it. Why do you have to play with people here?"
"That kid up there, come down. You can't get the weapon. Yue Lao is playing with you!"
As the crowd clamored, the white-browed old man's face turned red. If this was spread out, he was afraid that no one would come to the Divine Weapon Hall to get weapons in the future. This was not the original intention of the Divine Weapon Hall …
He had just discovered that under his control, Luo Zheng could not catch the blue light spot. However, this guy's physical strength was not ordinary. He was stubbornly holding on at a height of 200 Zhang. Although he would occasionally fall, he would rise again.
He had no way of gauging Luo Zheng's limits. Unless he modified the gravitational force of the divine imprint and increased it by a few times, Luo Zheng would most likely not be able to withstand it. However, modifying a divine imprint was a troublesome matter.
Just as he was being ridiculed by the crowd and was slightly dazed, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to flash past!
He had already noticed the movement below and roughly knew what had happened. He seized the opportunity in front of him and rushed towards the blue light spot again. He had almost squeezed out all of his potential. His speed had increased by several times! He grabbed the blue speck of light and quickly descended to the ground. He stood firmly on the ground with an astonishingly sharp sword in his hand.

Chapter 1029
Luo Zheng didn't even have time to examine the first-grade divine weapon in his hand before he heard the martial artists continuously denounce the white-browed old man.
Although the white-browed old man was an extremely senior figure, being besieged by so many young martial artists and being in the wrong himself, he didn't know what to say for a moment …
"What … are you guys talking about?" Luo Zheng walked over with a smile on his face.
The white-browed old man sighed when he realized that he would not be able to get past these juniors if he did not give them an explanation. He turned to Luo Zheng and said, "I was wrong earlier. It's not that I don't want you to obtain the sword. I was just curious about your limits. That's why I controlled the light …"
"You finally admitted it, you really were controlling it!"
"You actually have the face to admit it, the Divine Weapon Hall might as well change its name to the Blackheart Hall!"
"I won't believe it anymore …"
He admitted it, and even admitted his mistake, but these guys were still so aggressive. The white-browed old man was riding a tiger and couldn't get off.
Luo Zheng naturally understood that the blue light spot was controlled by the white-browed old man, but in the end, he still got the sword. Luo Zheng believed the old man's words, so he waved his hand and said, "It's okay, it's just a bit of effort."
In the end, if the white-browed old man had insisted on not letting him take it, Luo Zheng really wouldn't have been able to get the sword …
Since the person involved said so, these martial artists with a "sense of justice" calmed down the anger in their hearts. At this time, everyone looked at the first-grade divine weapon in Luo Zheng's hand with an envious expression.
Even if it was an ordinary first-grade divine weapon, for the majority of martial artists, it was something they could only dream of!
The standard length of an ordinary longsword was three feet and three inches, but this Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword was five feet long, which was nearly half the length of an ordinary sword!
Moreover, the body of the sword was slightly wider than an ordinary sword, somewhat similar to a heavy sword, but the blade was extremely thin!
At a glance, the body of the sword was divided into two layers. The inner core of the sword was light blue, and the outer edge of the sword was pure gold. The sword hilt was engraved with a complicated pattern. Just from its appearance, it was an extremely exquisite work of art!
As for power …
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that by testing here, this group of warriors could be considered to be helping him. Luo Zheng didn't mind letting them admire it for a while. After that, he kept the long sword in his bag and left the Divine Weapon Hall.
Xie Mang's gaze was gloomy and cold as he stared fixedly at Luo Zheng's departing figure. The corners of his mouth curled into a sneer. "The stronger the weapon, the stronger the strength. Although your talent is not bad, your strength is not enough to match that sword. Let's see how long this sword can last in your hands!"
Whether it was in the Lingyun Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, there were countless genius warriors staring at the three weapons left behind by the former Palace Master.
However, this weapon was too difficult to take away. So far, everyone could only look at it …
There were some people from the noble families who wanted to buy it from the Hall of Divine Weapons, but the Misty Cloud Palace didn't lack money at all. Why would they care about Zhen Yuanyu? He wouldn't sell it no matter how high the price was.
Just like that, these three weapons were immersed in the Hall of Divine Weapons. Now that Luo Zheng had taken them away, he was destined to be targeted by many people!
Xie Mang wanted to spread the news without restraint. He estimated that there would be an endless stream of trouble coming to find Luo Zheng until he gave up on the sword.
In fact, this matter didn't need Xie Mang to spread the news …
Two hours later, the news that a newcomer had taken away the Thundergale Ghost Sword spread like wildfire in the Misty Cloud Palace.
At the beginning, the news spread within the Lingyun Hall. After all, the warriors who witnessed Luo Zheng taking away the weapon were all warriors of the Lingyun Hall.
But soon, the news spread to the Swallow Cloud Hall …
"Is there really a newcomer who took away the Thundergale Ghost Sword?"
"Unbelievable. Hehe, I'm lacking a good sword. This Thundergale Ghost Sword should be suitable for me. I wonder if that kid is easy to talk to?"
"I can buy this sword for Zhen Yuanyu, a price that will tempt him!"
Such words appeared countless times in a day. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know about it. After leaving the Hall of Divine Weapons, he went to find Yun Luo.
Compared to the weapon in his hand, Luo Zheng was more concerned about Xun …
After leaving the Hall of Divine Weapons, Luo Zheng wandered around a few times, but he was a little confused. He didn't seem to know where Yun Luo was.
After thinking for a while, he opened the jade slip that Yun Luo gave him. This jade slip recorded a map of the Misty Cloud Palace.
Of course, Luo Zheng had the map. The problem was that the Misty Cloud Palace was so big, but there was no indication of Yun Luo's location …
"Let's go to the center." Luo Zheng pursed his lips and walked towards the center of the palace.
The Misty Cloud Palace was built on a huge pillar, and the area it occupied was definitely not small. He shuttled through the buildings and soon appeared in front of a large hall.
"It should be here." When he arrived in front of the large hall, Luo Zheng walked up the stairs and was about to enter.
However, as soon as he stepped through the door, a strange force bounced him back ….
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of curiosity.
At this moment, a person walked out of the large hall. It was the hawk-nosed man he had seen before, the Deputy Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace, Xu Can.
Xu Can looked at Luo Zheng coldly and then scolded in a cold voice, "The Profound Hall is not a place for you to barge in!"
Luo Zheng looked indifferent and then said, "I'm looking for Yun Luo."
Xu Can was slightly stunned. He was very puzzled. Why did Luo Zheng call Yun Luo by her name?
However, because of the previous encounter on the stairs in the front courtyard, Xu Can didn't like Luo Zheng. He said coldly, "Yun Luo is not here. Leave quickly!"
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently and retreated. At this moment, a figure drifted over from not far away. It was Yun Luo, who had arrived late.
When Luo Zheng saw her, he smiled and asked, "How is it?"
He asked Yun Luo, referring to the problem of Xun.
Yun Luo smiled and nodded. She glanced at Xu Can and asked, "I wonder what weapon you obtained in the Divine Weapon Hall that made Yue Lao come looking for me?"
When Xu Can heard this, he said disdainfully, "A third-rate person using a third-rate weapon. Hmph!" After he finished speaking, he was about to enter the Profound Hall. In his opinion, with Luo Zheng's cultivation, obtaining a third-grade divine weapon was the best he could do. If he was lucky, he might be able to obtain a second-grade divine weapon. He didn't care about this at all.
Luo Zheng smiled and took out the five foot long Thundergale Divine Sword from his spatial ring. He said, "I obtained this."
The Thundergale Divine Sword contained an astonishing power. Even though Xu Can's back was facing Luo Zheng and he was about to enter the Profound Hall, he felt as if a sword was stabbing at him from behind!
He was an existence very close to the World Lord realm. Only an extremely sharp divine weapon could make him feel this way. Ordinary weapons wouldn't be able to make him feel this way.
Therefore, Xu Can, who had already stepped into the Profound Hall, turned his head and stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
Thundergale Divine Sword …
Xu Can was very familiar with this sword. He had even used this sword for a period of time!
However, as the Vice Palace Master of Misty Cloud Palace, he only had the qualifications to use it. He couldn't take it for himself.
He never imagined that Luo Zheng would be able to obtain this sword. Xu Can's face was filled with disbelief!
In fact, it wasn't just Xu Can who was surprised. Yun Luo's beautiful eyes were also filled with shock. When Yue Lao burned the sound transmission talisman for her, she was focused on repairing Xun's soul. Therefore, she didn't communicate much with Yue Lao. She originally thought that Luo Zheng had taken a first-grade divine weapon or an ordinary first-grade divine weapon.
However, Yun Luo never thought that Luo Zheng would take away the previous Palace Master's Thundergale Divine Sword. This …
Yun Luo couldn't help but shake her head. Thinking about it, the Luo Zheng in her memory had always been like this. He had always been full of surprises.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1030
Although Yun Luo was surprised, she had absorbed the memories of two clones. Although she was surprised when Luo Zheng obtained the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword, she wasn't shocked to the point of shock.
Therefore, when Yue Lao gave her the Sound Transmitting Talisman, she was very calm, as if Luo Zheng being able to do this was a matter of course.
However, Luo Zheng had still exceeded her expectations. What he had obtained was not an ordinary first-grade divine artifact.
However, Xu Can, who was at the entrance, was different.
He was already prejudiced against lower realm ascenders, and he didn't get along with Yun Luo. Naturally, he didn't want to see such a thing happen!
However, even if he didn't happen to meet Luo Zheng this time, the news of Luo Zheng obtaining the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword would still reach his ears.
He could only borrow this sword, and not for a long period of time.
But now, it belonged to Luo Zheng …
He was merely a fifth layer Life and Death brat, who had only entered Misty Cloud Palace for less than a day …
One could well imagine the degree of unfairness in Xu Can's heart. If Yun Luo wasn't here, he might have bullied the weak and directly snatched the sword from this brat's hand.
But then again, he was a dignified Vice Palace Lord. If he really tried to snatch Luo Zheng's sword, it would be too shameful!
Therefore, he fiercely glared at Luo Zheng and the sword in his hand. At this moment, he even resented the sword, then turned around and entered the Profound Hall.
"Congratulations," Yun Luo faintly smiled. Seeing Xu Can depressed twice in a day, Yun Luo was quite happy.
Luo Zheng nodded. What he cared about the most was Xun.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could Yun Luo not understand? However, this matter wasn't suitable to be discussed here, so she brought Luo Zheng to another hall.
Then, Yun Luo took out the Soul Nourishing Wood and handed it to Luo Zheng.
After receiving the Soul Nourishing Wood, Luo Zheng inspected it. He felt that Xun's soul was many times stronger than before. Even Luo Zheng's soul was far inferior to Xun's. Moreover, her soul was emitting a faint silver radiance!
"Her soul … this is the Silver Soul Realm!" Luo Zheng exclaimed in surprise.
When one's soul reached a certain level, one would step into the Battle Soul realm. At this realm, one's soul could be considered powerful and could assist the body in battle.
Luo Zheng's soul had already stepped into the Blue Soul realm, which was the Silver Battle Soul Realm was called the Silver Battle Soul realm.
Yun Luo nodded. "Her soul was originally at the Silver Soul Realm, but she was only left with a wisp of her soul, so it couldn't be manifested. I've restored 60% of her soul energy."
"Xun's Xun" Xun's, Xun.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, an innocent expression appeared on Yun Luo's face. Then, she said, "She's … pretending to be asleep. It seems like she doesn't want to come into contact with me."
The relationship between the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.
As the Queen of the Demon Night Clan, Xun was undoubtedly very arrogant.
When Xun met Yun Luo in the Sin Tower, although there wasn't any hostility between them, they weren't friendly either.
Xun had received a lot of help from Yun Luo, but she refused to "wake up" at this time.
Luo Zheng instantly understood. He understood Xun's temper.
Xun's body was destroyed, and her soul was destroyed. Only a trace of her soul was left. It could be said that her life was hanging by a thread. In the end, she had accompanied him for these few years. Perhaps the only person she trusted was himself. Thus, he silently took the Soul Nourishing Wood from Yun Luo.
Over the next two hours, Yun Luo sent people to bring Luo Zheng to a place for Luo Zheng to live temporarily.
The huge Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was divided into several areas. Since Luo Zheng had just joined the Heavenly Palace, he was assigned to live with the cultivators of the Lingyun Hall.
However, this was still the core cultivation holy land of the Alliance. Even a disciple's residence was exquisitely made. It could be considered a small palace, but it had all the necessary facilities. The only thing missing was a few beautiful maidservants …
After working until night time, Luo Zheng finally took out the Soul Nourishing Wood.
The moment Luo Zheng inspected the Soul Nourishing Wood, before he could see what was inside, he felt a soul attack Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh …"
The soul attack was extremely fierce. Even though Luo Zheng had the Blue Soul Mirror, he couldn't withstand it. Luo Zheng's mind went blank.
By the time Luo Zheng reacted, Xun's soul was already standing in front of him, quietly looking at him.
Her soul was fuller, and her temperament was sharper …
"You're … awake." Luo Zheng had just spoken when Xun's soul rushed into Luo Zheng's body.
"Whoosh …"
Then, Luo Zheng felt that she took the initiative to merge with his Sword Spirit again …
In fact, with Xun's current state, she didn't need to exist as a Sword Spirit. She was a Silver Soul Realm cultivator. Just the strength of her soul was enough to fight against many people.
However, Luo Zheng didn't stop Xun from merging with his Sword Spirit. Perhaps Xun had her own reasons for doing so.
After the fusion, Xun appeared outside Luo Zheng's body again. She stretched out her slender arms, got close to Luo Zheng, and hugged him.
Luo Zheng was stunned. He asked in a daze, "Why are you in such a hurry to merge with your Sword Spirit?"
"Because I can only hug you like this …" Xun's tone was always cold, serious, and aloof. However, at this time, there was a hint of playfulness.
Luo Zheng suddenly understood. Although the Sword Spirit's body wasn't made of flesh and blood, it was more tactile than the Soul Body …
After a long time, Xun took two steps back and floated in the air. She said with a smile, "Thank you."
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I should be the one thanking you. Your soul was shattered because of me."
Xun blinked her eyes. After thinking for a while, she said seriously, "You can't say that."
"Why not?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You're very important to me. Even if my soul is completely shattered, you'll avenge me. But if you die, I'm afraid I'll have no hope …" Xun said faintly.
There was nothing wrong with Xun's statement. As Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, even if Luo Zheng died, she could draw out her own soul to continue living. However, she was just a wandering soul. Even if she could continue to live in other people's bodies, it would be impossible for her to take revenge and restore her position as the King.
However, she was very sure that if she followed Luo Zheng, the day of her revenge would come sooner or later!
This was Xun's trust in Luo Zheng. Apart from Luo Zheng, she didn't trust anyone else. Therefore, even if Yun Luo paid a great price to restore 60% of her soul out of kindness, she still didn't want to face Yun Luo.
This kind of trust could be said to be a little paranoid. However, she knew that what she did was definitely not wrong …
She sized up Luo Zheng a few times and revealed a trace of curiosity on her face. "You're only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, but you ascended to the upper realm. You didn't ascend freely?"
Ascending freely through the Ascension Passage was an unchanging rule. Xun had never heard of a warrior who could ascend freely before reaching the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I ascended freely through the Ascension Passage."
"Then …" Xun revealed a curious look.
Luo Zheng smiled. Xun had been asleep for a long time, so he told her about the trip to the Divine Kingdom Continent, as well as what happened after that, from beginning to end …
Meanwhile …
About thirty thousand worlds away from the Cloud Mist Palace, a charming woman in a yellow robe stood in front of a statue. Her eyes were full of hatred.
This charming woman wasn't human. She had a perfect figure that human women couldn't compare with. The biggest difference was her pointy ears.
She was the other King of the Demon Night Clan who had two head-on conflicts with Luo Zheng, the Punishment King!
Inside her palace, there were also three statues of kings.
During this time, she had been paying attention to the Slaughter King, who was Xun's statue.
She knew that Xun was on the verge of death. Although the area had been stable during this time, her statue was still dim and hopeless. It seemed that Xun's soul would fall at any time, and she had been looking forward to this day.

Chapter 1031
She stared at Smoky's King Statue in a daze, an intense sense of crisis rising in her heart. She realized that if she didn't kill Smoky, she would be the one to fall from her throne!
Because of the King Statue, she knew that Smoky still had a remnant soul. As long as the King Statue didn't extinguish, Smoky's soul wouldn't disappear.
However, in her eyes, this remnant soul was like a candle in a storm that could be extinguished at any moment!
Thus, when she discovered Smoky through the King Statue, she didn't take him seriously.
A remnant soul was simply too insignificant. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Virtual Tribulation Realm cultivator. In her eyes, he wasn't much stronger than a mosquito.
Even when she saw Luo Zheng for the second time, she discovered that he had broken through to the Life and Death Realm. This process only took one or two years. Although it was fast, it still didn't pose much of a threat to her. Wasn't the Virtual Tribulation Realm and the Life and Death Realm the same thing?
However, at that time, a trace of vigilance had risen in her heart!
Thus, she had forcefully controlled the people of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land with the intention of destroying Smoky's soul. However, Luo Zheng had discovered her in advance, causing her plan to fail.
But today, Smoky's soul had suddenly become countless times stronger!
She could feel this from the King Statue that was brimming with killing intent!
"That almighty expert helped Smoky repair his soul …" She thought with a complicated expression. "It seems that boy has ascended!"
If it was just repairing his soul, she wouldn't be afraid. However, she discovered that Smoky's soul was like a spark, and now it was burning!
It was this point that made her feel uneasy, and she felt a sense of crisis.
If Smoky could repair his soul today, he might be able to obtain a body in the future. He might even be able to recover his cultivation and fight against her …
Following this train of thought, she couldn't sit still. Smoky's King Statue's eyes seemed to reveal a hint of mockery.
"Are you mocking me?" She clenched her teeth, stretched out a finger, and lightly flicked it. An invisible fluctuation immediately spread out, causing countless cracks to appear on Smoky's King Statue. Then, it collapsed.
Every King Statue in the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land was made of different materials. In her palace, the King Statue was made of the best Developing Luster Corundum, but it couldn't withstand the power of a light flick from her finger.
However, although the body of the king statue had shattered, the eyes of the head were still open, staring at her.
"Bang!"
She flicked her finger again, and Xun's head finally shattered once more.
Even after shattering Xun's king statue, her mood did not improve much. In fact, she became even more irritated as she paced back and forth in the hall.
At this moment …
Two female guards wearing leather armor walked into the hall and knelt on one knee in front of the King of Punishment.
"My king, we've already found traces of Liu Yu. She ascended to the Dark Light World three days ago," the female guard reported.
A cold smile appeared on her face. "Is that so? I thought she would never ascend! Bring her here! "
Liu Yu maintained a neutral stance in the struggle between the King of Punishment and the King of Slaughter. The battle between the two Kings was not something she could participate in.
Of course, Smoky and Luo Zheng did not blame Liu Yu. Besides, as long as she did not disobey the King of Punishment, Liu Yu did her best to help Smoky and Luo Zheng.
However, the King of Punishment was still brooding over this. In her eyes, this was an unforgivable betrayal!
She was the ruler of punishment, and anyone who angered her would receive unimaginable punishment. Although punishing Liu Yu would not have much effect, she needed to quickly calm her emotions, and this Liu Yu was clearly the best person to help her calm down.
The King of Punishment was clearly not the only one who had discovered that Smoky's soul had recovered. Almost everyone in the Demon Night Clan would pay their respects to the King Statue every day!
Apart from the King of Punishment, all the other cultivators in the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land also knew that their King of Slaughter was rapidly recovering his strength … This included some of Smoky's former subordinates!
There was even a Heavenly Venerate among them!
About an hour later, the Heavenly Venerate's voice echoed throughout the universe. It was an old and sorrowful voice.
"Smoky, you're back? You're back in the universe? "
These words echoed in the ears of every living being. Naturally, they also echoed in the ears of the King of Punishment, Luo Zheng, and Smoky.
"Eh?"
Smoky's face lit up with pleasant surprise when she heard this.
"It's the Dream God Arrow! Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate! "she cried out in surprise.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched as he asked, "Who is this Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate?"
Smoky smiled and said, "He's one of my supporters!"
But soon, a gloomy look appeared on her face. "I'm afraid he's the only Empyrean left among my supporters. Moreover, he should be heavily injured and hiding somewhere outside the Fiend Night Clan …"
Every king of the Demon Night Clan had countless supporters behind them.
Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate wasn't the only Heavenly Venerate who supported Smoky. However, due to the conflict between the two kings, the King of Punishment had used all sorts of methods and offered all sorts of benefits. In addition, Smoky had been careless at the time, causing some people to change sides.
Most of the Demon Night Clan's cultivators were female. There were very few male cultivators who had become Heavenly Venerates. However, the Dream God Arrow had supported Smoky from beginning to end!
This was also why Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate had been attacked by several Heavenly Venerates of the Demon Night Clan. He had been seriously injured and had been forced to flee and hide.
However, even though he had gone into hiding, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was still forging a king statue. He had probably noticed that something was wrong with Smoky's king statue and guessed that Smoky had ascended. This was why he had used the Roaring Token to talk to her.
"Unfortunately, I don't have the Roaring Token, so I can't respond to the Dream God Arrow." Smoky's face flickered with depression.
A strange smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard this. Smoky didn't have the Roaring Token, but Luo Zheng had it. Moreover, he had quite a few, almost limitless …
Just as Luo Zheng was about to tell Smoky, another voice rang out.
"Dream God Arrow, you traitor, you still haven't died? Hahahaha, if I remember correctly, you should be about to enter the Heaven's Decay Stage! "
This voice was extremely familiar to Smoky. Of course, it was also familiar to Luo Zheng. It was the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter!
When she heard the King of Slaughter's voice and how he called the Dream God Arrow a traitor, a trace of anger appeared on Smoky's face. However, she coldly raised her head and said, "Yao, one day, I'll definitely crush your throne!"
"So the King of Punishment's name is Yao." Luo Zheng committed this name to memory. He couldn't keep calling her a slut.
Soon, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's voice rang out once more. "Hmph, slut, you don't have the right to call me a traitor! Smoky's soul has mostly recovered, so she must have had the help of an expert. One day, I'll definitely kick you off your throne. I'm indeed about to enter the Heaven's Decay Stage. Hehe, but I'm sure I'll be able to see the day you're exiled! "
When she heard this, Smoky became even more agitated.
No matter what happened in the past, Smoky always had a cold expression. However, she had never been this agitated before.
"The help of an expert? Haha, her soul has only recovered a little. She can't respond to you at all. I'm afraid she doesn't even have a Roaring Token! "
At the same time, several more voices rang out in the universe.
"Divine Arrow, it's already set in stone that you'll have another King of Slaughter. Why are you so stubborn? Can't you see the path ahead of you?"
"It's already impossible for Smoky to return now. Her soul won't be able to last much longer …"
"Dream God Arrow, do you think we're decorations? In this universe, who could oust Yao from the throne? You? Hehe! "
The people who had used the Roaring Tokens were naturally the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Venerates. They were all supporters of the King of Punishment.
When she heard this voice, Smoky bit her lip and said in a daze, "Unfortunately, unfortunately, I don't have a Roaring Token …"
When he saw Smoky's expression, Luo Zheng smiled.
Smoky stared at Luo Zheng and frowned. "What's so funny?"

Chapter 1032
Although Luo Zheng had told her what happened after she fell asleep, Luo Zheng didn't have time to tell her in detail. He only gave her a rough explanation and didn't tell her about the Roaring Token.
However, Luo Zheng trusted Xun completely, so he wouldn't hide anything from her!
Xun was slightly surprised when she heard Luo Zheng say she had a Roaring Token.
In fact, the Roaring Token wasn't that valuable in Xun's eyes.
The Kings of the Night Demon Clan had a high status. Although they weren't very powerful, they were the spiritual symbol of the whole Night Demon Clan. Even Celestial Venerables had to follow the three Kings.
Xun used to have more than 300 Roaring Tokens, which was much more than the Roaring Tokens of many Celestial Venerables.
The problem was that this Roaring Token was not precious to her back then, but to ordinary warriors, to Luo Zheng, it was an extremely precious item ….
Xun thought she knew Luo Zheng's situation very well. It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to earn True Origin Stones, but Luo Zheng had just ascended to the Immortal World. The value of this Roaring Token was equivalent to the expenses of a tenth-grade Holy Land. How could Luo Zheng have a Roaring Token?
"Did Yun Luo give it to you?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "It's mine." After saying that, he handed the Roaring Token to Xun and said, "You can use it. I'm not good at talking …"
"Why?" Xun asked curiously.
Luo Zheng just shook his head and said with a smile, "You'll know in a while."
Xun didn't know that Luo Zheng had used this Roaring Token to scold Celestial Venerables. He was so bored that he even used it to count for fun. Most people should have remembered his voice.
However, there were millions of creatures in the universe, so there were many people with the same voice.
If Luo Zheng used the Roaring Token now, it was likely to arouse the suspicion of "Yao", so he gave it to Xun.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng strangely. After Luo Zheng helped her activate the Roaring Token, she said coldly to the Roaring Token, "Yao, who said I don't have a Roaring Token? Let's see how long a bitch like you can be so arrogant! I, Xun, am the King of Slaughter of the Night Demon Clan, and I'm the eternal King. If you want to kill me, you'll have to destroy the entire Night Demon Clan. otherwise, I'll kick you off the throne! "
Xun's's voice, through the Roaring Token's's's's voice.
Because there was only one Roaring Token, it was her only chance to speak out in the universe, so she tried her best to speak as much as she could …
"Xun, you're really back! ....... where are you? Celestial Celestial?
The voice of Yao, the King of Punishment, rang out almost immediately after the voice of Holy Master Divine Arrow. "Yo, you little b * tch, I didn't expect you to get a Roaring Token. I underestimated you. Humph, since you have come to the Upper World, prepare to die at any time!"
Hearing Yao's words, Xun's expression turned cold. She thought that the roaring order in her hand had been nullified, which meant that she couldn't respond to Yao. Therefore, she didn't plan to respond.
But at this moment, she suddenly realized that the Roaring Token in her hand hadn't shattered.
"What's going on with this Roaring Command?" Xun's expression turned even stranger.
Generally speaking, after the Roaring Token was used, the "law of causality" would be triggered, and the sound would spread to the entire universe. The entire Roaring Token would turn into a pile of dust, but the Roaring Token in her hand was still intact.
Luo Zheng smiled and activated the Roaring Command again, "Continue! You can scold this bitch to your heart's content! "
"Ah …" Amidst her shock, Xun could not help but cry out.
Because Luo Zheng had already activated the Roaring Command, this cry of surprise reverberated through the entire universe.
At this moment, Divine Arrow Heavenly Master, Yao, and the other members of the Fiend Night Clan all had strange expressions on their faces.
What was going on? Xun still had a Roaring Command in her hand?
With Xun's current situation, it didn't seem appropriate for her to waste the Roaring Command like this.
Xun looked at the Roaring Command in her hand and was stunned for a long time before she came back to her senses. "Luo Zheng! Your Roaring Command! "
"It can be used an unlimited number of times," Luo Zheng said with a shrug and a smile.
"Ah …"
Xun screamed out again.
When Qinglong first learned about the Roaring Command, he was also extremely shocked, just like Xun. It was just that his expression wasn't as exaggerated as Xun's.
Xun was indeed shocked by Luo Zheng's words. Xun knew very well what it meant to be able to use the Roaring Command an unlimited number of times!
She had high hopes for Luo Zheng. As long as he was given enough space to grow, he would one day stand at the peak of the universe and look down on it!
However, Xun never expected that Luo Zheng would obtain such an incredible item right after he ascended. She couldn't believe her eyes!
Luo Zheng's lips curved upwards. Xun had always been indifferent in front of him, as if there was nothing in this world that could surprise her. The reason for this was because her previous status was too high. Seeing how shocked she was, Luo Zheng felt slightly pleased.
Xun didn't even bother to reply. Instead, she held the Roaring Command in her hands and carefully examined it. After a long time, she sneered and said, "Very good, I can finally scold this bitch to my heart's content, and in front of all the living beings in the universe!"
"Haha, Xun, you little bitch seems to be seriously ill. Do you only have two Roaring Commands? Or were you having fun with some wild man just now? "Yao said coldly.
A cold look appeared on Xun's face. "Help me activate the Roaring Command!"
Luo Zheng reached out and helped Xun activate the Roaring Command …
"Bitch, I don't only have two Roaring Commands. As for the few Roaring Commands you have, don't spout nonsense. I know that every time you use one, your heart will ache. I have a lot of Roaring Commands, so I like to waste them. What do you think?" Xun said coldly.
Before Yao could reply, she continued, "I want to announce to the entire Yao Ye clan that this bitch is not suitable for the position of King of Punishment. Back then …"
"…"
"…"
Xun's words resounded throughout the universe.
Most of her words were insults directed at Yao. Occasionally, she would reply to Divine Sword Empyrean.
At the start, Yao Yao could use the Roaring Tokens to refute Smog, or even curse Smog back. But, the number of Roaring Tokens in Yao Yao's hands was limited. After using over a hundred Roaring Tokens, Yao Yao looked at the remaining several dozen Roaring Tokens in her spatial ring and suddenly felt powerless.
Where did Xun get these Roaring Commands?!
Two hours, four hours, six hours ….
Xun didn't mind that her mouth was dry. She continued to use the Roaring Commands, bombarding Yao's ears.
In the depths of Misty Cloud Palace, Yun Luo was still bathing. When she heard the voice ringing in her ears, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She couldn't help but shake her head. Luo Zheng was really ruthless …
As for the many Empyreans of the other clans in the universe, they kept their mouths shut.
The two kings of the Yao Ye clan were bickering. Naturally, it had nothing to do with them. In fact, many other clans were happy to see this scene.
Although the Yao Ye clan didn't have many people and didn't occupy many great worlds, they were extremely powerful. The more intense their internal struggle was, the happier the other clans were.
However, the other clans were also puzzled. Wasn't the Yao Ye clan's King of Massacre close to death? Where did they get so many Roaring Commands from? Why did it feel like the Roaring Commands were becoming more and more worthless?
First, it was that mysterious woman. Then, it was that mysterious youth. Now, it was the Yao Ye clan's King of Massacre. How did they do it?!
And now, Yao felt that she was about to go crazy!
She already regretted bickering with Xun. Xun's Roaring Commands seemed to be endless!
In her own palace, Yao covered her ears with her hands, desperately trying to stop the sound from entering her palace. However, the Roaring Commands were impossible to stop. They directly entered her mind. How could she stop them?
"Enough!"
Yao used a Roaring Command and screamed at the top of her lungs.
"That's enough? Beg me then! If you beg me, I won't speak, "said Xun coldly.
"You're just a dying soul. Do you think you're worthy of me begging you? Dream on! "Yao replied resolutely. How could she possibly beg Xun in front of the entire Yao Ye clan?
"Then … let's continue," said Xun.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1033
This war of words was even more outrageous than the last time Luo Zheng used the Roaring Token.
This went on for a full fourteen to fourteen hours ….
Until Xun found that Luo Zheng was staring at her in a daze.
"What …" Xun suddenly felt a little unnatural. Was it inappropriate to curse in front of Luo Zheng?
"It's nothing. If you're unhappy, just curse as much as you can," Luo Zheng said.
Xun suddenly shook her head. She seemed to have lost interest. She didn't have such a strange feeling before, but now she suddenly wanted to pay attention to her image in front of Luo Zheng. She didn't want to act like a shrew …
Thus, Xun's bombardment of voices stopped.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He knew that Xun needed to vent her anger. This method was indeed good. At least it was enough to make the King of Punishment suffer for a while.
After seeing Luo Zheng put away the Roaring Token, Xun asked, "Where did this Roaring Token come from?"
Even though she had used the Roaring Token tens of thousands of times, Xun still felt a little incredulous. There was actually a Roaring Token that could be used infinitely in this world. Who on earth created this Roaring Token?
"Didn't I tell you about the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion?" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Xun nodded, "Yes, I know."
When Luo Zheng mentioned the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, it was relatively simple. Xun didn't take it to heart. Even if it was called the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, how "Holy" could it be?
"This Roaring Token was obtained from the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. In the future, I may enter the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. At that time, you will know," Luo Zheng said.
Xun nodded. This Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion actually had such a divine object. The Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion must be an extraordinary existence.
Just as the two of them were talking, the door of Luo Zheng's small palace was smashed open with a "boom".
"Boy, I've been waiting for you for a day and a night. Why haven't you come out?" The person at the door roared.
Luo Zheng frowned and gave Xun a meaningful look. Xun escaped into Luo Zheng's body. Then he walked to the door of the small palace. After a quick glance, he found that there were actually many warriors at the door.
What was the meaning of this?
It was not the first time Luo Zheng had seen something like this. However, he had just entered the Misty Cloud Palace. He had no family or friends, so naturally, he had no grudges against him. Looking at how aggressive this guy was, Luo Zheng had no idea what he was trying to do.
Luo Zheng walked forward slowly and said lightly, "What's the matter?"
The martial artist at the door was a burly man with a face full of whiskers, making him look ferocious. "Boy, I'm called Bi Yuanjia! He is ranked fourth in the Lingyun Hall! "
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes fell indifferently on Bi Yuanjia's body, and then he said, "And then?"
"I heard that you have a sword, the sword of the previous Palace Lord?" Bi Yuanjia asked with a sinister smile.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He even raised his hand and took the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword in his hand. His finger gently slid along the blade of the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword, and then suddenly sped up. The thin sword suddenly emitted a sword cry. "Yes, this is the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword."
Hearing this guy's words, Luo Zheng understood that this guy came for his sword. However, he was not in a hurry. Instead, he wore a faint smile on his face, waiting to hear what this guy would say.
Many warriors outside the door saw the first-grade divine weapon in Luo Zheng's hand, and their eyes suddenly lit up.
A first-grade divine weapon, and this first-grade divine weapon was much stronger than an ordinary first-grade divine weapon. If it was strengthened a little, it would be able to enter the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Tablet!
Bi Yuanjia stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand, and his eyes shot out rays of light. "I am lacking a good sword. Thank you for helping me take it out of the Divine Weapon Hall. Give it to me obediently! Lest I waste my strength, I will reward you with a full punch! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. The long sword shook slightly, and then he said, "I took this sword myself. If you have the ability, go to the Divine Weapon Hall and spend three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. There will be plenty of opportunities for you."
"It seems that you don't plan to obediently hand it over?" Bi Yuanjia certainly knew that Luo Zheng would not take out the sword so easily.
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a stupefied expression, "It seems that you don't plan to obediently leave?"
The grin on Bi Yuanjia's face deepened. "I told you from the beginning that you don't seem to understand what it means to be the fourth in the Lingyun Hall! Do you have to be taught a lesson to understand? "
Luo Zheng's face turned colder and colder. He knew that he would not be able to communicate with these idiots. He said, "I indeed don't understand, but you don't seem to understand what it means to take this sword. I will give you three breaths of time to scram. Do you have to be taught a lesson to understand?"
When Luo Zheng took the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword, the news spread like the wind throughout the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace.
The degree of jealousy in the hearts of these cultivators could be imagined.
Thinking that Luo Zheng had just entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, and his cultivation base was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, many people started scheming in their hearts.
Some people wanted to spend money to buy it.
Some people thought that Luo Zheng was a newcomer and was unfamiliar with the place, so they wanted to scare him and make him obediently hand it over.
There were even some people who wanted to snatch it.
This Bi Yuanjia was one of them. He first came up to scare people, and now it seemed that he was about to make a move.
Many cultivators sighed inwardly. They had let Bi Yuanjia take the initiative. However, Bi Yuanjia was very overbearing to begin with, so no one dared to fight in front of him. They probably wouldn't have this opportunity.
As for that Luo Zheng, he would probably be beaten up badly by Bi Yuanjia. However, he deserved it. A guy who couldn't understand the situation before him couldn't blame others for courting death.
However, these cultivators didn't expect that Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than Bi Yuanjia. It was as if he didn't put Bi Yuanjia in his eyes at all!
"Three breaths of time, hahahaha … I haven't seen such an arrogant junior in a long time … hahahaha …"
"Rumble!"
Everyone saw Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flash, disappearing from where he stood. The next moment, Bi Yuanjia's entire body was like a huge rubber ball, flying backwards. His originally tall and straight chest was now like a deflated rubber ball, completely deflating. He crashed heavily into a small palace behind everyone, which was the residence of the other cultivators.
Luo Zheng held the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword in one hand, while his other hand was clenched into a fist. His eyes were full of indifference, "Three breaths of time is very fast."
"What a fast speed!"
"This is too fierce. He sent Bi Yuanjia flying with one punch?"
"Bi Yuanjia isn't this weak because he was careless. Even so, this kid's strength is very strong!"
Actually, some of the more rational cultivators were able to figure out that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't just ordinary to be able to obtain the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword.
However, many cultivators had heard that Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. So what if Luo Zheng's strength was outstanding? Could he fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert? This wasn't a comparison of levels!
Luo Zheng's thunder-like punch just now made everyone understand that this seemingly handsome guy was even more difficult to provoke!
"Just now, I should've tested the power of this sword …" Luo Zheng shook his head and muttered, reaching out to close the door.
The power of this sword …
Many cultivators couldn't help but swallow their saliva. That punch had already seriously injured Bi Yuanjia. If he had used his sword just now, Bi Yuanjia might not have wanted to keep his life!
Everyone heard Luo Zheng's words and understood that this was a threat. However, they didn't doubt that with this kid's decisiveness, he might really dare to take someone's life in Misty Cloud Palace.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to close the door, another voice rang out. This time, it was a short cultivator. "Wait!" The short cultivator said with a smile.
"Wait for what?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I can spend money to buy your Thunder Wind Ghost Sword! The price is absolutely fair! "The short cultivator said.
"Not for sale," Luo Zheng shook his head.

Chapter 1034
Zhen Yuanyu was worth ten thousand times more than top-grade True Origin Stones.
Three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu were equivalent to three billion top-grade True Origin Stones. It was an astronomical sum.
Hearing this short martial artist's bid, many of the martial artists present sucked in a breath of cold air!
The Thunder and Wind Divine Sword was indeed a first-grade divine weapon, but the price of three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was still shocking!
"Jia Hao's family controls eighty percent of the mineral veins in dozens of great worlds. His offer is indeed shocking!"
"However, if it were me, I wouldn't sell it for three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu! Zhen Yuanyu can be earned slowly. This first-grade divine weapon … can save a life at a critical moment! "
Jia Hao stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "How about it? I'll buy this sword at a fixed price! "
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. "Sorry, it's not a matter of price. I'm not selling this sword."
Jia Hao was at his wit's end. His strength couldn't compare to Bi Yuanjia's, so he couldn't force him to sell.
Thus, Luo Zheng prepared to close the door again. He didn't want to waste time with these warriors of the Lingyun Hall.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to close the door for the third time, a round piece of Zhen Yuanyu was suddenly thrown over. It hit the ground with a clatter and rolled toward Luo Zheng.
At this time, another voice rang out. "Young Master Jing of the Swallow Cloud Hall said that he'll buy your sword for one Zhen Yuanyu. If you give the sword to him, he'll guarantee your safety. No one in the Misty Cloud Palace will dare to provoke you. If you don't agree, he can't guarantee anything."
"This …"
Luo Zheng was a little annoyed.
What was going on? He wanted to take a sword, but these guys didn't try hard to go to the Divine Weapon Hall. Why did they use all kinds of methods to compete with him? And it wasn't just one or two. It was endless. Wasn't this too much?
Now, he had sent Bi Yuanjia flying with a punch. His purpose was to intimidate these guys, but he didn't expect it to be so ineffective.
Why did the people of the Swallow Cloud Hall appear again?
Luo Zheng knew that the disciples of the Lingyun Hall couldn't compare to the Swallow Cloud Hall, but Luo Zheng didn't take them seriously.
He shook his head and stared at the piece of Zhen Yuanyu. He walked over and gently stepped on it.
"Bang!"
A rich True Essence burst out from the True Essence Jade!
The True Yuan contained in the True Yuan Jade was almost a thousand times more than the True Yuan Stone. The True Yuan contained within the True Yuan Jade had been compressed to a terrifying degree.
"I don't care who you are. Scram …" Luo Zheng closed the door as he spoke.
............................................................
The man's face turned cold. He didn't dare to push the door open since Luo Zheng had already closed the door. But he burned a Sound Transmission Talisman on the spot.
Some of the spectating martial artists wanted to disperse, but most of them stayed because they heard the words' Young Master Jing '.
Compared to the Lingyun Hall, the warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall were a level higher in strength and talent.
Young Master Jing wouldn't let this go. There would be a good show to watch.
Luo Zheng closed the door and looked helpless. The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was a mess. There seemed to be no rules. Everyone was robbing each other.
When he first ascended to the Spirit Martial Holy Land, at least there were some rules. At least, people did not dare to fight in the settlement. But why were the people of Cloud Mist Palace so arrogant? Why was that? Why didn't anyone do anything?
He had to ask Yun Luo when he had the chance.
But..
. Luo Zheng looked at the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword in his hand. His eyes flashed coldly.
He hadn't tested the sword's power yet. Suddenly, the corner of his mouth twitched. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was held horizontally in front of his chest.
He didn't know this Young Master Jing. If he dared to cause trouble, he could use him to test the sword.
Whoosh..
Seeing Luo Zheng close the door, Xun's figure suddenly flew out.
"Why did you come out?" Luo Zheng sat on the ground and placed the sword horizontally on his knees.
Xun also sat next to him and smiled. "Nothing. I just want to see how much your strength has grown."
"They might not come," Luo Zheng said.
"They will definitely come," Xun said with a smile. Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. She hugged her knees and sat to the side. Her two astonishingly long legs were curled up. She tilted her head and put it on her knees, looking at Luo Zheng.
"Why are you so sure?" Being stared at by Xun like this, Luo Zheng felt a little unnatural. However, he was more focused on the outside.
Xun said, "You are an outsider. You took the best thing here. It would be strange if they didn't come looking for you."
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He didn't agree with Xun's words. If the geniuses of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace didn't even have this little bit of tolerance, then they shouldn't be called the place where the three thousand geniuses gathered.
How could the real super geniuses be jealous of others?
Sure enough, as Xun said, in about the time it takes to burn an incense stick, several cultivators flew over.
As soon as the leading cultivator landed, the cultivator who threatened Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Young Master Jing, that kid is in the palace. However, he said that he won't see anyone."
Young Master Jing's skin was delicate, and his hair was meticulously combed behind his back. He looked very feminine. When he smiled, there was even a hint of flirtatious aura. Hearing that person's words, Young Master Jing took two steps forward and said indifferently, "I have passed on my message. I will give you one more chance. One Zhen Yuanyu. Sell your sword to me, and I will guarantee your safety."
Although his words were calm, the overbearingness in them was obvious. One Zhen Yuanyu was forcing a deal. If you are willing to sell, then I will guarantee your safety. If you are unwilling to sell, then you will not be safe.
Luo Zheng's eyes were tightly shut as he continuously poured the Chaotic Energy in his body into the Thundergale Divine Sword.
Luo Zheng was also looking forward to seeing the power of a grade-one divine weapon. He waited for Young Master Jing to finish speaking before he uttered a word nonchalantly.
"Scram!"
Young Master Jing was an extremely arrogant person. As one of the super geniuses in the Swallow Cloud Hall, who would dare to tell him to scram?
Hearing this word, Young Master Jing's face suddenly sank. His eyes were filled with murderous intent. However, that murderous intent disappeared in a flash. He said with a smile, "I, Jing Xuan, am a swordsman. In my life, I like to collect all kinds of famous swords. I treat swords as my friends. With your cultivation, you are not a good match for this sword. I believe that the sword will not be happy. I advise you to sell it to me and give it a good home. "
Luo Zheng almost vomited when he heard this. You like this sword, so I have to give it to you? What kind of logic was this?
Although Luo Zheng had ten thousand reasons to argue, he was too lazy to speak. If he wanted to have a foothold in the Misty Cloud Palace, his only choice was to kill the chicken to scare the dog. It was like this in the Lower Realm, and it was also the same in the Upper Realm.
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not respond for a long time, Young Master Jing shook his head. "You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. If I, Jing Xuan, attack you, I'm afraid you will lose an arm or a leg …"
After saying this, Young Master Jing walked towards Luo Zheng's small palace.
Everyone knew that today's show was bound to happen. With Luo Zheng's character, he would definitely not obediently hand over the sword. Moreover, Young Master Jing was an existence that could not be underestimated in the Swallow Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng was afraid that he would suffer.
As Young Master Jing came closer, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His body did not move. He was still sitting cross-legged, but the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in his hand was pointed forward. His arm was slightly raised.
On the side, Xun looked at Luo Zheng's imposing manner with a faint smile on his face. This guy's eyes were getting sharper.
When Young Master Jing was fifty feet away from Luo Zheng's palace, Luo Zheng's arm shook slightly. The five feet long sword suddenly fluctuated. The power of wind and thunder directly merged with Luo Zheng's sword intent, forming a faint and invisible wave that suddenly pierced out.
Luo Zheng did not use his full strength. After all, he had just entered the Misty Cloud Palace and was not familiar with the rules. However, this guy could teach him a lesson, but he would not kill him!

Chapter 1035
The invisible ripples released by the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword only left a crack on the door!
When the ripples surged out of the door, azure lightning and pitch-black wind blades burst out. The two types of Law Energies intertwined and formed a blurry figure that dashed toward Young Master Jing at an extremely fast speed!
"This is!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused.
"The fourth level of the Law of Wind and the fourth level of the Law of Thunder …"
So far, Luo Zheng had only grasped the third level of the Law Power. In other words, whether it was the Law of Wind, the Law of Thunder, or the Law of Fire, he had only comprehended the third level.
However, when he infused the Chaotic Qi into the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, it directly touched the fourth level of the Law Power!
Xun hugged her knees and looked at Luo Zheng's sword through the crack. She said indifferently, "This sword has the ability to enhance the Law Power. It's not bad among first-grade divine weapons."
"Enhance the Law Power?"
"That's right, this sword can improve your power of laws …" Ye Zichen nodded.
"Doesn't that mean that when I comprehend the fourth level of the Law Power, I can use the fifth level of the Law Power?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Xun shook her head. "It's not that easy. The difference between the fourth level and the fifth level is huge. It's not difficult to control the first few levels of the Power of Law, but the difference between the later levels is like heaven and earth. This sword only increases your Power of Law, it doesn't really give you a level."
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded. Even so, it was already very helpful to Luo Zheng.
Moreover, the mysteries of this first-grade divine weapon didn't seem to be limited to this. For example, the blurry figure!
As a cultivator of the Swallow Cloud Hall, Young Master Jing was very confident in his own strength. The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Lingyun Hall and Swallow Cloud Hall weren't simple newcomers and veterans. Those who could enter the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were considered figures in the upper realm. Many top geniuses of tenth-grade Holy Lands were qualified to join.
Only those who stood out in the Lingyun Hall and joined the Swallow Cloud Hall were considered super geniuses worthy of the Alliance's resources.
That was why Young Master Jing was so arrogant. In his eyes, although this guy who had just joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace obtained the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, he was just a little lucky.
He even thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare to fight him.
But just as he thought so and walked over without any hesitation, an azure bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in front of him. This bolt of lightning was actually revolving around a black wind blade, and behind this wind blade was a faint silhouette …
At this moment, his pupils reflected the radiance of lightning, and all the hair on his body stood up. Before he could finish sucking in a breath of cold air, his entire body was sent flying backwards!
At the same time, a sword. Young Master Jing was Young Master Jing.
Young Master Jing wasn't lying. He loved collecting all kinds of swords. Swords of all shapes and sizes, swords with special functions, broadswords, two-handed swords, serpentine swords, piercing swords, profound artifacts, spirit artifacts, immortal artifacts, saint artifacts … He had all kinds of swords.
This Shieldsword was actually a modified version of a heavy sword. The blade was one and a half feet wide and three feet long. It looked like a shield!
As a lower first-grade divine artifact, the Shieldsword had saved his life many times in critical moments, helping him block several terrifying attacks!
Young Master Jing had never imagined that Luo Zheng's attack would be so swift and fierce. It was precisely because of this swift and fierce aura that he felt the threat of death, so he had used his strongest life-saving technique without any hesitation!
"Earthly Shieldsword, help me destroy this calamity!"
As he kept retreating, he poured a stream of True Yuan into the Shieldsword!
"Pop!"
A yellow light suddenly appeared on the Shieldsword, and a dense aura of the Law of Earth was released, making the Shieldsword seem even thicker and more solid!
At the same time, the violent lightning struck the heavy Shieldsword, leaving a pitch-black pattern on the surface of the Shieldsword. It looked like small snakes were spreading across the surface of the Shieldsword.
"Pull!"
The moment the lightning spread on the Shieldsword, Young Master Jing didn't dare to hold on to it. He pulled his hands apart, and Ling Xu stabilized the Shieldsword in front of him. He kept retreating!
However, Luo Zheng's sword didn't just contain the power of lightning. Very quickly, the black wind blade in the middle sliced the Shieldsword in the center. Under everyone's gazes, the Shieldsword was sliced into two by the wind blade!
Retreat!
Young master Jing's heart ached as he watched the shield sword being destroyed. However, his life was more important. He didn't hesitate at all as he continued to retreat. That was because there was another person besides the lightning and wind blades.
He didn't know what was going on with this figure, and neither did Luo Zheng.
However, he had lost the protection of the Shieldsword. He was bare-handed, and the figure was coming straight for him. Even a fool would run away!
However, the figure was extremely fast. After quickly closing in on Young Master Jing, it threw a punch.
This punch was the simplest punch, but it couldn't be underestimated. Young Master Jing subconsciously raised his arms to block in front of his chest.
"Boom!"
"Crack!"
Young Master Jing's arms suddenly broke, but the power of the punch didn't weaken. It landed directly on his chest, and he was sent flying backwards like a kite with a broken string. Finally, he smashed into the ground.
Luo Zheng sat in the room, and everyone stood outside. It was very quiet inside and outside.
The power of this sword had not only exceeded the expectations of many warriors, but also Luo Zheng. Only Xun looked indifferent.
There weren't many things that could shock Xun. For example, the Roaring Token that Luo Zheng had displayed before was completely beyond the scope of common sense. Naturally, she felt that it was inconceivable. However, this first-grade divine weapon was normal in her eyes.
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the gradually dissipating figure and exclaimed, "How could my sword stab a person out?"
Xun said faintly, "If I'm not wrong, that figure's moves can be modified, and it can do more than one punch …"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Indeed, when Luo Zheng had just stabbed with his sword, he had felt a telepathic connection. He had thought that it was because of the first-grade divine weapon, but now he realized that at that moment, he must have felt a telepathic connection with the figure!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know how to modify the figure's moves. He would have to spend time pondering about this in the future.
Young Master Jing lay on the ground for a long time before a figure flashed out, picked him up, and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng before leaving.
As for the other warriors, they didn't stay any longer, and no one dared to approach Luo Zheng's room.
Even Young Master Jing of the Swallow Cloud Hall was almost crippled by Luo Zheng's sword. How could these warriors of the Soaring Cloud Hall have designs on the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword? Weren't they courting death?
Soon, Luo Zheng's door was empty …
Seeing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up into a smile.
Finally, he could have some peace and quiet.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that taking out a sword would cause such a big reaction. The people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace weren't easy to deal with. However, for the time being, no one would cause trouble for him.
"What do you plan to do next?" Luo Zheng asked Xun cautiously.
At present, Luo Zheng's strength was far from enough in the upper realm. Not to mention Realm Lords, he couldn't even fight against Extreme God experts.
As for the Punishment King, she should also have the cultivation of a Realm Lord. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he didn't even have the qualifications to stand in front of her.
However, Xun smiled faintly and said, "Wait!"
"Wait for what?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Wait for you to grow strong," Xun replied.
This answer was not bad, but Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry …
At present, Luo Zheng's cultivation had already reached the peak of the fifth level of Life and Death realm. He should be preparing to face the sixth minor heavenly tribulation.
However, just as he was preparing, someone came knocking on his door. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that this person was actually the owner of the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, the previous Palace Lord of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1036
In the hall on the top floor of the Misty Cloud Palace.
An old man in a black robe sat at the side, and beside him stood a lady in green.
The lady was very young, and her bone age was only 20 years old. She was two years younger than Luo Zheng.
"I passed by the Feihong Territory this time, so I stopped by to take a look. In addition, I have one more thing to ask of you," the old man in the black robe said slowly.
Yun Luo, who was standing at the side, was very respectful to the old man. She replied with a smile, "Since the Old Palace Master has asked, I have no reason to refuse." As she spoke, she looked at the lady beside the old man and continued, "Could it be that the Old Palace Master wants to let this lady join our Misty Cloud Palace?"
The Old Palace Master that Yun Luo mentioned was the former Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace. He was also the former owner of the Thundergale Divine Sword, Xiao Daolai.
The current Xiao Daolai was no longer the same as before. It was rumored that he was planning to become a Heavenly Master. He was considered a popular figure in the alliance!
Unexpectedly, Xiao Daolai shook his head and smiled, "I have been in charge of the Misty Cloud Palace for 13,000 years. I have educated countless people, but I have never taken in a direct disciple. This lady is my last disciple."
After Xiao Daolai finished speaking, the lady in green beside him stood up straight, and a trace of arrogance appeared on her face.
Seeing the expression on the lady in green's face, Yun Luo smiled faintly. If Xiao Daolai could become a Heavenly Master, then this lady would be considered a Heavenly Master's successor. She was indeed qualified to be proud of being able to obtain the true inheritance of a Heavenly Master at such a young age.
"Then I must congratulate the Old Palace Master for taking in such a disciple. If I am not wrong, this disciple of yours seems to have the destiny of a Great Era Battle?" Yun Luo congratulated.
Xiao Daolai also seemed to be very happy, but after he finished laughing, his face revealed a trace of dullness. After a while, he sighed and said, "The great era has already been unveiled. We are destined to be onlookers when we attack the position of Celestial Lord. It's time to see how the darlings of this era will perform …"
At this moment, the girl in green said, "Master, I definitely won't disappoint you!"
Xiao Daolai nodded. "An Xin naturally won't disappoint me." Xiao Daolai then turned to Yun Luo and said, "If I remember correctly, the alliance is going to open the 'Torch Flame Inheritance' this time. Hence, I want An Xin to follow the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. I will have to trouble you, Yun Luo."
Hearing Xiao Daolai's words, Yun Luo finally understood the purpose of the old Palace Master's visit. It turned out that Xiao Daolai wanted his disciple to participate in the Torch Flame inheritance.
It was not a bad thing for the Cloud Mist Palace, so Yun Luo would not reject it.
The various races in the universe all had their own methods of testing talent. The method used by the Human Race was called the Torch Flame Inheritance. It was similar to the three pagodas of the Demi-Immortal Clan. It was a very authoritative method in the universe. The only difference was that the Torch Flame Inheritance was only for Human Race cultivators, while the three pagodas of the Demi-Immortal Clan were for all geniuses in the universe.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Old palace master, you're being too polite. If this girl can achieve a good result in the Xin Huo inheritance, our Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace will also be proud. Yun Luo can't thank you enough!"
Xiao Daolai chuckled and said, "An Xin has already opened the Nine-leaf lotus. Her result in the Torch Flame inheritance should not be too bad."
Although he said it so calmly, he was still quite proud of the fact that An Xin had opened the Nine-leaf lotus. How many super geniuses had opened the Nine-leaf lotus in the universe? With An Xin's potential, it would be strange if she could not achieve a good result in the Torch Flame inheritance.
The girl called An Xin pursed her lips. Her master had placed such high hopes on her. Her goal this time was not to achieve a good result, but to get first place!
During this conversation, Xiao Daolai seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly said, "If I remember correctly, one of my weapons is in the Divine Weapon Hall. Yun Luo, can you take me there and let An Xin retrieve it?"
Xiao Daolai did not directly ask for his weapon. Instead, he asked An Xin to retrieve it herself!
For so many years, no one had been able to retrieve the Thundergale Divine Sword. He was very confident in An Xin and was sure that she would be able to retrieve it.
These words stunned Yun Luo, and a helpless smile appeared on her face.
"What? Can't I? "Xiao Daolai's face showed a strange expression.
Yun Luo shrugged. "It's not that problem. It's because … that sword was taken away a few days ago."
"Oh?" A smile appeared on Xiao Daolai's face. With his strength and status, a first grade divine weapon was nothing in his eyes. He asked An Xin to retrieve it herself. Firstly, it was because An Xin's cultivation method was suitable for the Thundergale Divine Sword. Secondly, he wanted to prove An Xin's strength in front of Yun Luo.
However, Xiao Daolai never imagined that the sword would be taken away by someone else. As the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, he had personally placed his weapon in the Divine Weapon Hall. He was very familiar with the rules of the Divine Weapon Hall. Wanting to take away his sword was not an easy matter.
"I wonder which genius took it away. What's his cultivation base?" Xiao Daolai's interest was piqued.
"His name is Luo Zheng, an ascender. His cultivation base is at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm." Yun Luo answered truthfully.
"Ascender? Fifth layer of Life and Death realm? " Xiao Daolai's eyes flashed. He was very surprised that someone with such a cultivation base could take away his sword. "I didn't expect such a cultivator to appear in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!"
Hearing her master's words, An Xin's eyes faintly revealed an unconvinced expression. Although her master didn't compare her with Luo Zheng, the sword should have been taken away by her. But now, it was taken away by this guy called Luo Zheng. Naturally, she was somewhat unconvinced.
"I'd like to see this cultivator called Luo Zheng. I wonder if it's convenient?" Xiao Daolai said indifferently.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "There's nothing wrong with that. Luo Zheng is currently cultivating in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. I'll summon him now."
Before long, Yun Luo's Sound Transmission Talisman burned in Luo Zheng's ear. This was to tell Luo Zheng that the owner of the Thundergale Divine Sword wanted to see Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was somewhat baffled. Could it be that the former Palace Master went back on his word and wanted to ask for the sword back?
But on second thought, such a person probably wouldn't ask for a first-grade divine tool. After tidying up his clothes, he rushed over according to Yun Luo's instructions.
Soon, under the guidance of the two deacons, he entered the hall.
When Xiao Daolai saw Luo Zheng, his eyes were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng. His eyes did not leave Luo Zheng at all, and his face was filled with bewilderment. However, he quickly suppressed that expression and smiled, "I heard that you were the one who took away my Lightning Wind Serene Divine Sword?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Xiao Daolai and said, "I was the one who took away the Thundergale Divine Sword."
"Yes, Life and Death Realm cultivation base, and you've only passed five Life and Death Tribulations … It's not an injustice for this sword to fall into your hands," Xiao Daolai said indifferently.
"From what you're saying, could it be that you want to take it back?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Xiao Daolai's disciple, An Xin, was the first to speak, "Why would Master care about a first-grade divine tool? How could he take it back? That sword is naturally yours! "
The woman's words made Luo Zheng wrinkle his brows slightly, "I took this sword with my own strength, and I also used Zhen Yuanyu. How can you say that I'm giving it back?"
In fact, if the old Palace Master said that he was giving it to Luo Zheng, he wouldn't have refuted. But the woman beside the old Palace Master made it sound like she was giving alms, which made Luo Zheng feel a little uncomfortable. He, Luo Zheng, was not a beggar, and he didn't beg for the sword.

Chapter 1037
The true mystery of the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword lay in that human figure.
After Luo Zheng displayed his first sword move, he discovered this mystery and naturally pondered over it for a long time.
Every time Luo Zheng slashed out with the sword, it would incite lightning and wind blades, and at the same time, a human figure would accompany it!
At the same time, it would be accompanied by a feeling of telepathy.
However, Luo Zheng tried many times, but he was unable to control that human figure! In the end, he came to a conclusion. This Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword should have a special cultivation method that matched it. As for this cultivation method, it would be difficult for Luo Zheng to obtain it.
So when he heard the Old Palace Master's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked, "Could it be related to the cultivation method of the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword?"
Xiao Daolai nodded, "It seems you've already tried this sword. I'm afraid you're unable to control the divine figure in the sword …"
"Yes, I've tried many times, but I still can't grasp the trick," Luo Zheng replied.
"This isn't something you can test." Xiao Daolai took out a jade slip and handed it to his disciple An Xin.
An Xin originally wanted to step forward and hand it to Luo Zheng, but after thinking about it, she gently tossed it with her hand. The jade slip flew towards Luo Zheng at an extremely slow speed!
She didn't use true essence to rely on it, nor did she use any other method. Instead, she changed the time in the space between her and Luo Zheng!
"The Law of Time?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly in his heart.
In fact, this was only the first level of the Law of Time. Any cultivator who comprehended the first level of the Law of Time could do it. However, An Xin's use of time was extremely ingenious. She controlled the range of time very precisely, and the distance between her and Luo Zheng was neither too long nor too short, neither too short nor too short.
As for why she did this, there was only one reason, and that was to show off.
Luo Zheng was one step ahead of her and took away her sword. She refused to accept it in her heart. She wanted Luo Zheng to understand the gap between them!
She didn't care about the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword. She knew her destiny. As long as she didn't fall, she would be the darling of this era. As the curtains of the Great Era slowly opened, she would eventually become the main character of this era!
As for this Luo Zheng, what was he?
Luo Zheng could feel a trace of hostility from the green-robed woman, but this trace of hostility made Luo Zheng feel somewhat baffled.
Of course, with his current temperament, he wouldn't bicker with her …
However, as the jade slip flew forward, it began to slow down. Although it was still moving forward, its speed was like that of a crawling insect. If one didn't look carefully, they would think that the jade slip was frozen in the air.
As a result, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, took a step forward, and stepped into the area where she controlled time. He reached out and took the jade slip.
From beginning to end, the Law of Time had no effect on Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng easily dealt with her Law of Time, An Xin gently bit her lips and directly said, "You will participate in this Torch Inheritance, right?"
"Torch Inheritance?" Luo Zheng was stunned, "What's that?"
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't know anything, An Xin whispered, "You don't even know about the Torch Inheritance. As expected of an ascender …"
On the other side, Yun Luo patted her head and said to Luo Zheng, "Sorry, I didn't have time to tell you. Luo Zheng, you must participate in this Torch Inheritance."
Luo Zheng shrugged, "I don't care, but I want to know what this Torch Inheritance is."
Yun Luo told him, "The Torch Inheritance is a way of testing one's potential in the Thirteen Palaces. It is held every once in a while." After thinking for a while, she said, "You can think of it as the tower of the Heavenly Immortal Clan!"
Yun Luo had the complete memory of the Tower of Sin!
She didn't forget that Luo Zheng had obtained the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal.
In the Great Yan Era, only a few people had obtained this title. Yun Luo was naturally looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Inheritance.
As for the Old Palace Master's disciple, of course, she was also good, but it seemed that she was overestimating herself if she wanted to compete with Luo Zheng in the Torch Inheritance!
If the Old Palace Master knew that Luo Zheng had the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, he would probably immediately dispel the idea of "An Xin".
However, Yun Luo certainly wouldn't take the initiative to tell her this. This little girl was young, but because of her extraordinary talent, she was spoiled by Xiao Daolai to be so conceited. As an elder, Yun Luo couldn't stand it. This kind of girl should be defeated by Luo Zheng!
Of course, Yun Luo only subconsciously felt that An Xin was inferior to Luo Zheng, but the real situation was hard to say. The universe was so big, and there were so many strange people. Many things could inadvertently produce unexpected results. It all depended on the performance of the two people in the Torch Inheritance.
"Oh, I understand." Luo Zheng nodded. He turned to the woman in green and said, "I will participate in the Torch Inheritance. Why do you ask?"
An Xin stared at Luo Zheng and said indifferently, "I will leave you far behind!"
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked again, a stubborn smile hanging on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could she continue to answer Luo Zheng's question? She just glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and returned to her master's side.
The smell of gunpowder between the two juniors was nothing in the eyes of Xiao Daolai and Yun Luo. The world of martial artists had always been like this. Only competition could bring out one's limits and potential.
Luo Zheng temporarily put aside the issue of the Torch Inheritance. He held the jade slip in his hand and thanked Xiao Daolai politely. No matter what, this mental cultivation method was quite useful to him. He had taken away this person's sword and received this mental cultivation method for free. Luo Zheng's gratitude was justified.
After leaving Yun Luo's place, Luo Zheng also learned about the contents of the Torch Inheritance.
The Torch Inheritance could indeed be used to test a martial artist's potential and talent, but its function was still biased towards testing …
The Tower of Sin, also known as the Exquisite Pagoda, was a place to hone a martial artist's will to fight. The Talent Stele was an important part of it, but the focus was on fighting and cultivation. Not only could one obtain good rewards from the Torch Inheritance, but there also seemed to be some very important Human Inheritance. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse. He was even faintly looking forward to it. Now, Luo Zheng wouldn't give up any opportunity to enhance his strength.
A few days later, Luo Zheng was in the main hall, holding the five-foot-long Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword.
As Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly, the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword shot out a sword light and shot through the air!
There were no lightning or wind blades in the sword light.
At this time, Luo Zheng had complete control of the first-grade divine tool. He temporarily filtered out the power of the two Laws and only stimulated the figure within.
The mental cultivation method that the old Palace Master passed on to Luo Zheng was called the Ghost Mental Cultivation Method, which allowed him to control the "Ghost Shadow" in the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword.
The first time he had used this sword, the figure had only used a simple punch. After a few days of practice and using the Nether Spirit Mental Cultivation Method, the figure's movements had become much more complicated.
Whoosh!
The figure in the hall sped out. After taking a stride forward, he twisted his body in a snake-like manner. Then, with another roll, he gradually dissipated ….
The sword stabbed out again, and the other figure shot out again. The figure's fist punched out densely. In a short time, it punched out a full set of punches, and then gradually disappeared.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng gently put away the sword, and his face fell into deep thought.
If one sword could stab out a Ghost Shadow, then wouldn't he be able to stab out several Ghost Shadows consecutively?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng extracted a lot of Primal Chaos Qi from his Dantian and poured it into the long sword. His eyes suddenly revealed a murderous aura, and the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword nimbly waved!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In this breath, Luo Zheng stabbed out ten times!
Ten stabs in less than a blink of an eye. For an ordinary swordsman, this wasn't a difficult task.
However, when he stabbed out ten times, ten Ghost Shadows appeared in front of him, and each of them had a different movement technique …

Chapter 1038
As long as it was a divine artifact, it was basically an item with a great origin, let alone a first-grade divine artifact.
Although the Thundergale Ghost Sword couldn't be listed in the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele, it could definitely be called a masterpiece.
Xiao Daolai was the owner of this sword. In the past, he could at most slash out three Serene Spirit Shadows at the same time, and according to the description in the 《Serene Spirit Mental Cultivation Method》, this Thunder Wind Serene Spirit Sword could at most slash out three times …
It wasn't that Xiao Daolai's sword wasn't fast enough. At his level, his understanding of swordsmanship wasn't something Luo Zheng could compare with. It was just that when the fourth Ghost Shadow appeared, the first Ghost Shadow would disappear. In other words, only three Ghost Shadows would appear side by side at any time.
But now, Luo Zheng could make ten Ghost Shadows appear side by side with a casual slash of his sword. In fact, he had broken the rules of the Ghost Mental Cultivation Method.
As for the reason, Luo Zheng couldn't say. He could only attribute the problem to the Chaotic Qi. It seemed that any cultivation method driven by the Chaotic Qi would be much more effective. Even the laws were the same.
However, the Ghost Shadows were really very interesting.
Using the Ghost Shadows, Luo Zheng could derive countless battle tactics. For example, several Ghost Shadows could cooperate with each other at a time, or directly use the human wave tactic to swarm up. There was a lot of room for him to display.
In addition to these Ghost Shadows, Luo Zheng originally had his own sword spirit, Xun. She could even hide among the Ghost Shadows and carry out assassinations.
Now that Xun's Soul Strength had recovered by more than half, she, who possessed a Silver Soul, could even kill some experts if she caught them off guard.
The news of Luo Zheng entering the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace quickly attracted attention because of the matter of him taking the sword.
And the news of Luo Zheng's sword was even more hotly discussed in the Heavenly Palace.
The cultivators of the Lingyun Hall didn't dare to find trouble with Luo Zheng. Although the cultivators of the Swallow Cloud Hall were very concerned about this matter, and some genius cultivators even threatened to challenge Luo Zheng, they didn't do it in the end.
On the other hand, the few talented cultivators of the Swallow Cloud Hall were very indifferent. They didn't seem to have much interest in Luo Zheng.
After all, those super geniuses were quite reserved. Although the Thundergale Ghost Sword was attractive, if they went to find trouble with a Life and Death cultivator who had just entered the Heavenly Palace, they wouldn't be so unsightly.
As for the legendary sword Ghost Shadow, they didn't seem to care about it.
Because the Torch Flame was about to be ignited, no one paid attention to Luo Zheng. All the geniuses were actively preparing. Through the Torch Flame inheritance, not only could they confirm their status, but they could also obtain some extraordinary rewards.
Therefore, Luo Zheng slowly immersed himself in what happened after he came to Misty Clouds Palace.
Luo Zheng himself did not want to stir up trouble. Now that no one was looking for trouble with him, he was naturally happy to be free.
...........
He was even considering if he should get a spear for Xun.
With Xun's current soul strength, she was no longer a good match for Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. However, her fusion with the Sword Spirit was a kind of "attachment" to Luo Zheng. So, Luo Zheng naturally let her be.
But a Saint Tool Spear didn't match Xun's current strength!
At this stage, helping Xun get a Divine Tool Spear was also an urgent matter.
However, to enter the Divine Weapon Hall, he needed to spend three hundred Zhen Yuanyu … Getting so many Zhen Yuanyu was still not an easy thing for Luo Zheng.
In fact, borrowing money from Yun Luo was also possible, but it didn't fit Luo Zheng's character. It was better to wait until the Flame Inheritance was opened!
This peace only lasted for a few days. Soon, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace became noisy again. It wasn't because of Luo Zheng, but because of Luo Zheng's neighbor …
The woman called "Anxin" was called Ai Anxin.
She was brought to Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the old Palace Master. Her goal was to participate in the Flame Inheritance!
But now, with the departure of the old Palace Master, a residence was naturally arranged in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The area Luo Zheng lived in was the area for Cloud Mist Hall warriors. The new warriors were basically settled in this area. Ai Anxin joined Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, so she was naturally a member of Cloud Mist Hall. It wasn't surprising that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin became neighbors.
Luo Zheng didn't have any objections to this. Anyway, under normal circumstances, he didn't step out of his house. He usually stayed in his house to cultivate.
But although Ai Anxin looked like a slender and weak woman, she was really restless!
On the first day, she announced that she wanted to challenge all the warriors in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, whether they were from Cloud Mist Hall or Swallow Cloud Hall …
She used the "Lion's Roar Command" to issue this challenge!
The "Tiger's Roar Command" was similar to the "Roar Command". Of course, the "Tiger's Roar Command" wasn't as precious as the "Roar Command", nor did it have the abnormal ability to transmit sound to the entire universe.
Below the "Roar Command", there were other treasures that could transmit sound, such as the "Dragon's Roar Command", "Lion's Roar Command", and "Tiger's Roar Command". The "Dragon's Roar Command" could transmit sound to the range of ten realms, while the "Lion's Roar Command" could transmit sound to the range of one realm.
As for the "Tiger's Roar Command", it could transmit sound to the range of hundreds of miles. In fact, some Divine Sea Realm warriors could transmit their sound to such a large range without using the "Tiger's Roar Command". Ai Anxin should be able to do it as well. But to use her True Essence to transmit her voice was a bit unreserved.
However, the "Tiger's Roar Command" was the same as the "Roar Command". Both of them could forcibly transmit sound to the mind of others …
The Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace was filled with geniuses from all walks of life who had come here to cultivate. Everyone was busy with their cultivation. Occasionally, they would be disturbed by the thunderous roar. After all, Heavenly Lords would not bother about it.
However, the moment she entered the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace, she used the "Tiger's Roar Command" to make a ruckus. Moreover, she directly challenged the warriors of the Lingyun Hall and the Swallow Cloud Hall. Her words were full of contempt, which was somewhat inappropriate.
Her challenge was like a spark that had been thrown into kerosene. It immediately ignited the anger of the martial artists from the two Halls!
The warriors of the two halls weren't the only ones who were annoyed. Some of the deacons and some of the Deputy Palace Masters were also annoyed. However, when they heard that Ai Anxin was sent here by the Old Palace Master, they didn't say anything. Anyway, the super geniuses of the Lingyun Hall and the Swallow Cloud Hall would naturally find trouble with this girl. She had to pay the price for her arrogance.
Originally, because of the shock of Luo Zheng's sword, the area in front of his door gradually quieted down. When the warriors of the Lingyun Hall passed by his door, they even felt a sense of fear. They knew that the person inside was someone they couldn't afford to offend.
Because of Ai Anxin's ruckus, the area in front of his door suddenly became lively again. After all, he was this girl's neighbor, and his door was right next to hers …
Early in the morning, Luo Zheng cultivated in seclusion for the whole night.
He quietly lit three concentrating incense sticks. The faint fragrance could make people feel refreshed and refreshed.
At this moment, there was already a commotion outside the house.
"I, Lu Zhan Yang of the Swallow Cloud Hall, accept your challenge …"
Then, there was another round of cheering outside the house.
"Come on, Senior Brother Zhan Yang!"
"This girl is too arrogant. She should be taught a lesson!"
"Lu Zhan Yang is ranked seventy-ninth in the Swallow Cloud Hall. This girl shouldn't be a match for him …"
Hearing this noise, Luo Zheng couldn't help but smile bitterly. This was really not going to stop.
In the past few days, four or five warriors had come to challenge Ai Anxin in succession. Furthermore, they were all warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall. From the 400th to the 200th to the 100th …
Right now, this person called Lu Zhan Yang was ranked seventy-ninth.
The previous few warriors had all suffered a crushing defeat in front of Ai Anxin.
The more the warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall lost, the more they wanted to win back.
If the Swallow Cloud Hall didn't win a single battle, the challenges wouldn't end …
Now, Luo Zheng sincerely hoped that Lu Zhan Yang could defeat Ai Anxin. Otherwise, there would really be no end to this.
Xun glanced at the door indifferently and said, "This Lu Zhan Yang is not a match for Ai Anxin."
Her soul perception was much stronger than Luo Zheng's. Even from such a distance, she could determine the strength of the opponent.
Luo Zheng curled his lips helplessly. What happened next would be exactly the same as a few days ago.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1039
If nothing unexpected happened …
Soon, waves of True Yuan erupted outside the house.
Under the violent Qi, the door frame and windows of Luo Zheng's small palace shook unceasingly, as if a violent storm was blowing outside.
After a few breaths of time, a blood-curdling scream came from outside the house. Soon after, Luo Zheng heard a gust of wind. He frowned. In the next moment, his door was smashed by a heavy object!
It was Lu Zhan Yang's body that smashed his door.
After smashing through the door at an extremely fast speed, the momentum of his body did not decrease at all. He directly crushed a messy trench on the floor, then penetrated the wall of the palace. After smashing a large hole, he flew out of Luo Zheng's small palace.
Luo Zheng stood there alone, curling his lips helplessly. This was already the second time.
The cultivators outside the house sighed.
"Sigh, Lu Zhan Yang also lost so easily!"
"Could this Life and Death woman really be able to overturn the entire Swallow Cloud Hall by herself?"
"I'm really not convinced!"
While sighing, they faintly sized up Luo Zheng …
Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng were both newcomers to the Misty Cloud Palace. Moreover, the two had become neighbors.
Both of them were in the Life and Death realm. However, Ai Anxin's cultivation was slightly higher, at the ninth layer of Life and Death realm, while Luo Zheng was in the fifth layer.
Seeing the Swallow Cloud Hall's cultivators being crushed by Ai Anxin one after another, they couldn't help but compare Luo Zheng with Ai Anxin.
These two were both monstrous geniuses. Who was stronger?
Unfortunately, this Luo Zheng seemed to only know how to cultivate and didn't have any intention of challenging Ai Anxin.
When he first came in, he caused a disturbance by taking out his sword. However, it quickly calmed down. Everyone knew that this Luo Zheng wasn't a troublemaker.
"Is there any way for Luo Zheng to challenge Ai Anxin?"
"What can I do? Can't you see that Ai Anxin is doing this on purpose? She deliberately threw Lu Zhanyang into Luo Zheng's palace. This is a blatant provocation. Last time, Luo Zheng tolerated it. This time, he will probably tolerate it again … "
"Our Misty Clouds Palace is filled with geniuses, yet we are suppressed by a woman. How embarrassing …"
Luo Zheng followed the groove on the floor to the door. At this time, Ai Anxin, who was dressed in green, also came forward.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Ai Anxin said, "I'll pay for the damage …"
Luo Zheng frowned. "It's not a matter of compensation. This is the second time. You did it on purpose."
Ai Anxin chuckled but refused to admit it. "How could that be? In this challenge, there will always be a mistake. I'll get someone to fix it for you!"
Before Luo Zheng could speak, the warriors on the other side had already opened their mouths.
"This woman doesn't even blush when she lies!"
"He did it on purpose!"
"Just now, she directly lifted Ai Anxin and threw her here on purpose. I saw it clearly!"
After those warriors finished speaking, Luo Zheng stared coldly at Ai Anxin. "Did you hear that?"
"I didn't hear it." Ai Anxin smiled with a carefree expression.
"Misty Clouds Palace has a dreamy space specially used for challenges. You won't get hurt in the dreamy space, and you can use your full strength. But every time you accept a challenge in front of my door and disturb my cultivation. What do you mean?" Luo Zheng stared at Ai Anxin and said.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was really angry, she curled her lips. "It's very simple. If you are willing to compete with me, I won't bother you!"
"I'm not interested." How could Luo Zheng not know what this woman was thinking? It was just that he really wasn't interested now.
Ai Anxin smiled faintly. "Then I'm afraid I'll continue to trouble you in the future. In this challenge, mistakes are inevitable …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache. Why did he have to get into trouble for no reason?!
Soon, some craftsmen came to help Luo Zheng repair the palace. Then, Ai Anxin's challenges continued. Every time she "made a mistake," she would bring disaster to Luo Zheng's house.
However, after enduring for a few days, Luo Zheng seemed to have finally calmed down.
In the past few days, the people who challenged Ai Anxin in the Swallow Cloud Hall were ranked higher and higher. Ranked 60, 32, 17, 9 …
The last warrior was ranked fourth in the Swallow Cloud Hall. His battle with Ai Anxin lasted for nearly two hours!
Warriors who had reached this realm could split mountains and split the earth with a raise of their hand. Previously, they hadn't caused too much damage because Ai Anxin had an overwhelming advantage. Usually, she would win in one move. However, this warrior ranked fourth in the Swallow Cloud Hall was indeed not weak. One could imagine the damage they had caused in the two hours of battle.
Luo Zheng's small palace had been completely obliterated. Not only his house, but the surrounding dozen or so palaces that were meant for martial artists to live in had all been razed to the ground. Only Ai Anxin's house remained standing. She seemed to have used some sort of secret divine runic technique to strengthen her house …
He sat on the only intact piece of floorboard and felt some regret. If he had known this would happen, he would have accepted this woman's challenge.
The fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall was ultimately defeated by Ai Anxin.
After she clapped her hands, she looked at Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the floorboard with an innocent expression. She smiled faintly and lightly tapped her toes on the ground. Like a little bird, she floated in front of Luo Zheng and said apologetically, "I'm sorry … I'll compensate."
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He was too lazy to speak.
However, Ai Anxin was very efficient. The flattened palaces were quickly repaired in a few hours.
Her current status in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was rapidly rising because of the battle with the fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall!
Everyone understood that Ai Anxin was probably a strong competitor for the Torch Flame Inheritance!
She had already challenged the fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall. This cycle of challenges had come to an end.
The top three warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall were also top geniuses of some Great Worlds. For the Torch Flame Inheritance, they had all gone into seclusion. Naturally, they couldn't come out to challenge Ai Anxin.
Luo Zheng also had a rare moment of peace and quiet. Ai Anxin had finally calmed down …
Unknowingly, another month passed. During this month, all the warriors were focused on cultivating and preparing for the upcoming Torch Flame Inheritance.
During this month, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was very quiet. Except for one day, when the light of six stars shone down from the sky, which attracted many warriors' guesses.
Normally, when a star produced a phenomenon, it was mostly because some martial artist practiced a cultivation method related to the stars. And, cultivation methods related to the stars were all extremely powerful cultivation methods. However, they couldn't guess who this person was …
Luo Zheng's "Starry Battle Body" didn't go to waste. During the last period of time in the Lower World, Luo Zheng still tried to communicate with the stars, hoping to attract more stars. However, attracting stars was a matter of luck. He could only try again and again!
In the Lower Realm, every time Luo Zheng's perception left his body, it would take nearly a night. A round trip would often take a day.
Now that he had ascended to the Upper World, Luo Zheng was much closer to the stars. The time he spent was greatly reduced. Therefore, whenever night fell, Luo Zheng would tirelessly try to communicate with the stars.
As he continued to experiment like this, the number of stars that Luo Zheng had attracted had increased to six.
This was the only transcendent divine might in his possession. Although it was only half of an incomplete transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng would still work hard to cultivate it. The opponents he would face in the future were far too powerful. Not to mention Luo Yan, but the Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment, Yao, was far stronger than Luo Zheng could imagine. Besides painstakingly cultivating, he had no other choice.
One month later …
A voice resounded throughout the entire Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Yun Luo's figure was like a pure white lotus, floating alone in the skies. She lightly said, "The Torch Flame Inheritance has begun!"
After speaking, several more figures floated out. They were Xu Can and several other Vice Palace Masters.

Chapter 1040
Whether it was the Soaring Cloud Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, all of them walked out of their residences and looked at the crimson ring in the sky.
Some of them looked excited, while others looked gloomy.
Only by passing through the Crimson Ring would one be qualified to follow the Palace Master and participate in the Torch Inheritance. However, not everyone could pass through the Crimson Ring.
In fact, the warriors who joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace more or less had a certain degree of understanding of their talents. Everyone knew if they could pass through the Crimson Ring.
Those who were excited were very confident in their talents. Those who looked gloomy thought they could not pass through the Crimson Ring at all.
"I heard that only warriors with at least five leaves are qualified to pass through the Crimson Ring!"
"Not necessarily. There have been Three-leaf warriors who passed through the Crimson Ring before. However, there is some basis to the story of five leaves. Most of the warriors who passed through the Crimson Ring have opened the Five Leaves."
"I only opened the Three Leaves when I went through the Tribulation last year. Does that mean I have no hope?"
Many warriors looked at the Crimson Ring and discussed among themselves.
At this moment, a figure shot up into the sky and flew toward the Crimson Ring.
"It's Zhan Hongtang of the Swallow Cloud Hall. He must be qualified to pass through the Crimson Ring!"
Zhan Hongtang flew up at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the Crimson Ring. Without any hesitation, his body flashed and passed through the Crimson Ring.
Whoosh!
The moment he passed through the Crimson Ring, the entire Crimson Ring bloomed with a dazzling crimson halo.
"What a bright red light. I heard that Zhan Hongtang was a genius who opened the Five Leaves Lotus a few years ago. With such a bright red light, I guess he has opened the Seven Leaves!"
After Zhan Hongtang passed through the Crimson Ring, he stood behind a Vice Palace Master. He was introduced to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the Vice Palace Master, so he could be considered the Vice Palace Master's direct disciple.
The Vice Palace Master smiled slightly, looking a little proud. Zhan Hongtang's face was also arrogant as he looked down at the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After the first person passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, very quickly, the second martial artist also flew up!
When the warrior was about to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring suddenly emitted a black light. Then, a transparent membrane appeared in the middle of the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, blocking the warrior outside.
"Failed?"
"Well, this guy is a martial artist from Lingyun Hall. His talent is not enough to pass the Red Cloud Ring!"
"The passing rate of Lingyun Hall is not high!"
A look of disappointment appeared on the cultivator's face. Although he was not convinced, he did not dare to question the Palace Master. He could only leave unhappily.
Following that, there were martial artists flying towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring in the sky!
But looking at the speed and momentum of their flight, it was actually possible to tell whether or not they would be able to pass through the Scarlet Dawn Ring. Those martial artists who were extremely confident were flying at full speed, almost without slowing down! Such martial artists, eight or nine out of ten, would be able to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. Of course, there were very few who were blindly confident and rushed towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring at an extremely fast speed. As a result, they were directly bounced back by the membrane, making a fool of themselves.
And those who slowed down and hesitated, most of them could not pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. They were well aware of their talent and were just giving it a try. Of course, there were also a small number of martial artists who originally thought that they would not be able to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, but inexplicably passed through it. Their faces were immediately filled with ecstasy!
Luo Zheng looked at the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the corners of his mouth slightly raised. He was not in a hurry to rush in like a swarm of bees. It was better to wait until there were fewer people.
But at this moment, he noticed the gaze of Ai Anxin, who was next to him, and he suddenly frowned.
Luo Zheng felt that this woman was very conceited and very willing to accept challenges and challenges. She had been waiting for an opportunity to compete with him.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was not very interested in this kind of thing.
After experiencing the Spiritual Dilemma, he understood his goal. What he needed to do was to achieve his goal step by step, and not to prove anything to others. Or rather, he had already passed this stage. Clearly, this Ai Anxin had not passed this stage …
"The more lotus leaves you open, the stronger the reaction to the Lotus Flower, and the brighter the Scarlet Afterglow Ring should be." Ai Anxin said with a smile, "I wonder how many leaves you have opened?"
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and replied, "I'm not sure."
"You don't want to say?" Ai Anxin smiled.
Luo Zheng shrugged. He was indeed unwilling to say.
Just as the two of them were talking, another blue figure flew up. It was a martial artist dressed in blue. As he flew up, his body exuded a fierce aura.
"It's Xue Muyang!"
"The number one monster in Swallow Cloud Hall!"
"That Xue Muyang should be a nine-leaf Lotus Flower martial artist. It's certain that he will pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring …"
"I heard that he is also an ascender! He ascended six years ago! "
The moment Xue Muyang passed through the Crimson Afterglow Ring, the entire Crimson Afterglow Ring bloomed with an even more blazing light. Rays of crimson afterglow lingered on the ring and fluctuated, causing the faces of everyone in the Heavenly Palace to turn red!
There were already hundreds of martial artists who had passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, and this Xue Muyang was the one who shone the brightest when passing through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring!
After passing through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, and he flew towards Yun Luo.
Yun Luo smiled faintly, "Not bad!"
"It's far from enough," Xue Muyang said, "I will prove myself to you in the Torch Inheritance!"
The expression on Yun Luo's face was a little unnatural, but she said, "Don't say anymore!"
However, Xue Muyang did not listen at all, "I joined the Misty Cloud Palace for you! I will prove myself to you. I will prove to you that I am the main character of this great world. Just give me twenty years, twenty years, and I will definitely catch up to you! I will be a good match for you! "
Hearing this, many martial artists, including the vice palace masters, had a strange expression on their faces!
In front of so many people, he actually expressed his true feelings to the palace master, this was too ….
The key was that the difference in strength between the two was too great. Xue Muyang was only at the Divine Ocean Realm, while Yun Luo was already a half step sector lord. Although martial artists respected strength, other than the Yao Ye Clan, there were far more male martial artists than female martial artists, and they were usually stronger than female martial artists.
If Xue Muyang was really interested in Yun Luo, he had to consider his own cultivation first!
Yun Luo's face sank when she heard this. She said coldly, "Xue Muyang, what you saw and chased was only a clone created by my cultivation method. It was only an illusion. Please don't have such boring dreams!"
After being scolded by Yun Luo, Xue Muyang gritted his teeth and stood behind Yun Luo. Although his expression was not good, his eyes were still burning with passion.
"Who can tell me what's going on with this Xue Muyang?"
"Haven't you heard? Palace Master Yun Luo cultivates the Million Soul Clones Technique. She severed a million clones and scattered them in many lower realms to cultivate. Xue Muyang was originally a lower realm cultivator, but he fell in love with one of Palace Master Yun Luo's clones! "
"He's also a weirdo. It's said that the upper realm he ascended to is more than 60 great realms away from our great realm! He relied on his perseverance and luck to cross so many great realms and arrive at Misty Cloud Palace! "
"He's not really a weirdo. His talent is high, and he'll be valued in any sacred land. As long as he has a request, there's no reason for them to not send him to Misty Cloud Palace!"
"However, he fell in love with one of the palace master's clones. Now that the palace master has taken back all her clones ….. it's not the same thing!"
Hearing the discussions, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock.
He roughly understood the reason ….
Xue Muyang, as an ascender, encountered Yun Luo's clone in the lower realms, but it was just a clone. He was trying to prove his talent and strength to pursue Yun Luo.

Chapter 1041
When Luo Zheng first came into contact with Yun Luo after he ascended, he had a very strange feeling.
In fact, this strange feeling had not disappeared until now.
In Luo Zheng's view, the Yun Luo in front of him was no different from the two Yun Luos in the mortal world in terms of appearance, but in fact, they were completely different people!
In other words, the Yun Luo Luo Zheng once knew had disappeared and was swallowed up by the Yun Luo in front of him.
Although Palace Master Yun Luo in front of him had inherited the memories of the two Yun Luos, it was only two out of a million memories after all.
The reason why Yun Luo had a deep impression of Luo Zheng was that she had extracted the memories of Luo Zheng from the memories of millions of Yun Luos …
If Yun Luo had not extracted the memories of Xue Muyang, Xue Muyang would have been equivalent to a stranger to Yun Luo.
Even though Xue Muyang had followed Yun Luo to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and his outstanding performance had attracted Yun Luo's attention, and she had also understood Xue Muyang's intentions, this still did not change the fact that he was a stranger to her.
However, looking at Xue Muyang's posture, who seemed to be determined not to give up until he achieved his goal, Luo Zheng could only shake his head slightly. So what if he proved his strength in the future? Feelings were not won by strength. If Yun Luo was an ordinary woman, it would be fine, but she was the son of a Celestial Master, and now she was in a high position, so how could she give herself to anyone casually?
Of course, this matter had nothing to do with Luo Zheng …
The cultivators below still flew towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring in an orderly manner. Those who passed stood behind the Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters, while those who failed left dejectedly. Gradually, the number of cultivators flying up became fewer and fewer.
"Aren't you going?" Ai Anxin asked.
"You can go up first," Luo Zheng suggested.
Ai Anxin said, "Actually, I asked you to go first … but since you asked me to go first, I'll go first!"
After saying that, Ai Anxin tiptoed and circled in the air. Then, she nimbly moved towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. When she turned around, she even turned around and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring with her back to him.
The moment Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, a scarlet radiance burst out from one end of the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, spreading rapidly along the ring!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring began to hum!
At the same time, dazzling rays of light surged like waves on the Scarlet Cloud Ring, refusing to disperse!
It was also because the light was too dazzling that the Scarlet Afterglow Ring no longer looked like a ring-shaped object in the eyes of the crowd. Instead, it looked like a huge fireball, like a sun.
"What a strong reaction, this woman! Her lotus flower has opened up a few leaves! "
"Xue Muyang is already at the Nine-leaf stage. Could it be that this woman has surpassed the Nine-leaf stage?"
"No wonder she's so arrogant and dares to challenge the entire Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Her talent is truly unimaginable …"
The few Vice Palace Masters of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace looked surprised as well. They remembered this woman. Not long ago, she had used the Tiger's Roar Token to challenge all the geniuses in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The Vice Palace Masters had asked around and found out that she was the Old Palace Master's direct disciple.
Since the Old Palace Master had placed her here, they would just let her be.
The Old Palace Master's direct disciple was, naturally, not weak in terms of strength and talent. However, they did not expect Ai Anxin to trigger such a strong reaction from the Scarlet Afterglow Ring.
Yun Luo looked surprised as well. "For the Scarlet Afterglow Ring to react like this, her lotus flower should be at the Nine-leaf stage as well!"
"Mhm." One of the Vice Palace Masters nodded. "That should be the case. If I'm not mistaken, she should be at the peak of the Nine-leaf stage. If she goes through ten minor Heavenly Tribulations, there's a chance she'll grow a Mahayana lotus flower!"
"The Mahayana Lotus Flower …" Another Vice Palace Master sighed. "The Old Palace Master's luck is so good. Not only was he able to become a Celestial Venerable and escape the Five Decay of Heaven, but he also picked up such a treasure!"
Those who possessed the Mahayana Lotus Flower were few and far between even among the various races in the entire universe!
Yun Luo nodded and smiled faintly. "This woman should have a place in the great world …"
However, Yun Luo did not dare to speak with absolute certainty. The great world had just begun, and the Battle of the Great Worlds would last for a long time. Many things were unknown and could not be judged. Even if one had a heaven-defying Luck and was the favorite of this era, one might not necessarily become the main character!
Moreover, in Yun Luo's opinion, this woman was too arrogant. Although Yun Luo did not leave her palace, she had heard some news. In particular, Ai Anxin had repeatedly provoked Luo Zheng. To put it bluntly, Ai Anxin was simply courting death.
If she kept courting death, even heaven-defying Luck would not be able to save her!
Naturally, Yun Luo did not care about this. She did not give Luo Zheng any advice, nor did she give Luo Zheng any special treatment. Since Luo Zheng had Dual Birth Charts, she would let Luo Zheng walk his own path.
"Luo Zheng, why haven't you come up yet?" Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently.
In fact, Luo Zheng and Xue Muyang's identities were very similar. Both of them were ascenders and both of them had encountered Yun Luo's clone in the lower realm. Both of them were very outstanding …
However, when Yun Luo recalled the memories, the shock that Luo Zheng gave her was much stronger than Xue Muyang's! Therefore, Yun Luo's impression of Luo Zheng was much deeper than Xue Muyang's.
Ai Anxin stood in the sky. She was introduced to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the Old Palace Master. Logically speaking, she should stand behind Yun Luo. However, she was floating alone on the side. As for the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, it was still extraordinarily gorgeous. The fiery red glow shone on her face.
She felt everyone's shocked gazes. Her expression was somewhat calm, but she was slightly proud of herself!
Being proud did not mean that she was satisfied.
Her goal was definitely not limited to the small Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. In the future, she would face the top geniuses of the entire universe. She wanted to win a place for herself in the only great battle of the era!
And this Torch Flame Inheritance was just the beginning.
As the glow slowly dimmed, the entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring returned to its calm state.
Behind her, a few more warriors flew up. At this time, she was also staring at Luo Zheng below. "Luo Zheng, it's yours. Don't you plan to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance?"
Luo Zheng had rejected her challenge time and time again. She had no choice but to choose to defeat Luo Zheng in the Torch Flame Inheritance!
Hearing Ai Anxin's words, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Many people also focused their gazes on Luo Zheng.
During this period of time, the two newcomers with the most outstanding performances were Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng. In fact, many warriors in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were also curious. If these two fought, how would they determine the winner?
However, Luo Zheng had only fought twice in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The first time, he defeated a warrior from Lingyun Hall, and the second time, he almost killed Swallow Cloud Hall's Young Master Jing Xuan!
However, Jing Xuan was only ranked around 200 in Swallow Cloud Hall … So it was difficult to determine Luo Zheng's true strength through Jing Xuan.
However, Ai Anxin had defeated more than ten people in a row. Among them, there were those ranked in the top hundreds of Swallow Cloud Hall, and there were also those ranked in the tens. Ai Anxin had also defeated the fourth-ranked warrior in Swallow Cloud Hall!
When Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the light she attracted was several times more than Xue Muyang's. It also made everyone understand that this woman's potential seemed to be far beyond their imagination.
Therefore, although the vast majority of martial artists did not like Ai Anxin, compared to Luo Zheng, their hearts were still biased towards her …
"Come up quickly!" Ai Anxin stretched out her hand toward Luo Zheng. Her five slender white fingers spread open as if she wanted to pull Luo Zheng up from a distance of several hundred feet.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he urged the Chaotic Energy to slowly float up into the air.
"Look at Luo Zheng. He doesn't seem to be confident!"
"It seems that no one knows how many lotuses he has opened. Could it be that he has only opened three? Is he afraid that he can't pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring? "
"That's impossible …"
"There is a slight possibility. After all, he knows how many lotuses he has opened. Look at those hesitant warriors. Most of them can't pass!"
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1042
Hearing those words, a faint smile appeared on Yun Luo's face. She was full of confidence in Luo Zheng.
She didn't know how many lotuses Luo Zheng had opened, and she couldn't get any relevant memories from the memories of her two doppelgangers. Luo Zheng's tribulation was something that happened in the Divine Kingdom Continent. Of her two Yun Luos, one was in the Eastern Territory, and the other was in the Sea God Continent.
In front of Luo Zheng, she didn't ask. Since Luo Zheng was able to obtain a golden heavenly title in the Tower of Sin, it would be a joke if he couldn't even pass the Scarlet Cloud Ring in front of them.
Luo Zheng just maintained a steady speed, slowly flying towards the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
Those who should have passed had already passed, and those who didn't stayed below. Everyone was very curious about whether Luo Zheng could pass the Scarlet Cloud Ring, so everyone's attention was focused on him.
Although Luo Zheng's speed was slow, the Scarlet Cloud Ring was only twenty to thirty feet high. In a short while, Luo Zheng arrived in front of the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
The Scarlet Cloud Ring, which had calmed down, was like a burning iron ring, faintly emitting a dark red light.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng quietly flew towards the Scarlet Cloud Ring …
Everyone saw very clearly that the Scarlet Cloud Ring didn't produce a transparent film to block Luo Zheng outside. The moment he passed through, the Scarlet Cloud Ring seemed to sense something, and a scarlet light began to accumulate on the ring.
"The momentum of that light … is so fierce. It seems like it's going to surpass Ai Anxin's?"
"It can't be. The light that burst out when Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Cloud Ring is probably the limit of the Scarlet Cloud Ring. Since it's the limit, how can it be surpassed?"
"Let's wait and see. There will always be a winner!"
Above the Scarlet Cloud Ring, Ai Anxin also bit her lips and stared at the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
Why did she consider Luo Zheng as her opponent?
It was definitely not because he took away her Master's Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword.
However, that day, her master had secretly told her that Luo Zheng was the same as her. They both had the fate of the Battle of the Ages. Moreover, there seemed to be an additional uncertainty in Luo Zheng's fate. In other words, he was a fateless person.
This Luo Zheng was qualified to be her opponent.
Ai Anxin didn't care about the super geniuses of the Cloud Mist Palace at all. Xue Muyang was not bad, but she still didn't think Xue Muyang was a match for her.
Therefore, ever since she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, she could have been assigned to a very secluded residence, but she chose the small palace in the Lingyun Hall and insisted on being Luo Zheng's neighbor.
After using the Tiger Roar Command to issue a challenge, Ai Anxin hoped that Luo Zheng would challenge him. However, this guy was unmoved and ignored him …
They had provoked him many times and even destroyed his house, but he still ignored them …
In the end, Ai Anxin had no other choice. She couldn't just attack Luo Zheng without saying anything, right?
Although the most important inspection was the inheritance of the Torch Flame, she could see a thing or two from the reaction of the Crimson Cloud Ring.
Seeing the light accumulating on the Crimson Cloud Ring, which should be more intense and more dazzling than hers, Ai Anxin suddenly became nervous. With her proud personality, she believed that there were not many geniuses in the world who could stand shoulder to shoulder with her, and in the Alliance, there should be even fewer people like her!
The light on the Crimson Cloud Ring was constantly accumulating, and it was about to erupt along with the ring.
Yun Luo also watched everything indifferently, and there was a look of disbelief in the depths of her eyes. As for the Vice Palace Master, Xu Can, his face didn't look too good …
However, at this moment, the light accumulating on the Crimson Cloud Ring suddenly disappeared! It wasn't just the glow that had disappeared. Under normal circumstances, the Scarlet Afterglow Ring maintained its dark red appearance. However, at this moment, the dark red color had also disappeared. The entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring had turned into a black iron ring. The ring no longer had any luster.
Everyone was stunned when they saw this scene.
"How could this be?"
"Could it be that the Crimson Cloud Ring is broken …"
"How could it be? The Crimson Cloud Ring is a first-grade divine artifact, and it wasn't attacked. It can't be broken just like that!"
Regardless of whether it was the martial artists above or below, they were all discussing in low voices.
The Crimson Cloud Ring was the screening treasure of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, and this had never happened before!
Luo Zheng had just passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring, and when he saw this scene, he was a little stunned. What was going on?
As for Ai Anxin, she secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Perhaps she didn't think that the Crimson Cloud Ring would be able to prove anything. This was just a small screening before the Torch Flame Inheritance. Even if Luo Zheng could make the Crimson Cloud Ring shine brighter, it didn't mean that Luo Zheng's talent was better than hers.
However, Ai Anxin still didn't want Luo Zheng to surpass her in passing through the Crimson Cloud Ring. But when she saw the Crimson Cloud Ring grow brighter and brighter, she became worried. Now that the Crimson Cloud Ring seemed to have suddenly lost its effect, she was indeed relieved.
Yun Luo gently floated to the Crimson Cloud Ring, and her expression became more and more strange. She glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently, and then reached out to touch the Crimson Cloud Ring. With a gentle touch of her finger, the black Crimson Cloud Ring was activated by her, and it bloomed red again.
"What's going on?" asked Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng, and the corner of her mouth slightly raised. "You want to try again?"
Luo Zheng nodded, and as Yun Luo asked, he bypassed the Crimson Cloud Ring and went up from below.
The result was exactly the same as last time …
The red light on the Crimson Cloud Ring suddenly extinguished after a while, and the whole Crimson Cloud Ring became black and lost its luster.
Seeing this, Yun Luo blinked her eyes, moved her finger slightly, and said, "Okay, you've passed."
Luo Zheng nodded, and no longer wondered why the Crimson Cloud Ring was like this. He flew into the air and stood side by side with the other warriors who had passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring.
But at this time, Xu Can, the Vice Palace Master, said, "Palace Master, isn't this a bit against the rules? According to the previous rules, to participate in the Torch Inheritance, one must pass through the Crimson Cloud Ring's selection. This Luo Zheng didn't … "
Yun Luo said indifferently, "He has passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring."
"But there's a problem with the Crimson Cloud Ring!" Xu Can argued.
"There's a problem, but he still passed," answered Yun Luo.
Xu Can smiled coldly, and quibbled, "According to what Palace Master said, if the Crimson Cloud Ring is not activated, then everyone can pass through and receive the Torch Inheritance, right? Then what's the point of the Crimson Cloud Ring's selection? If this kid passes through like this, won't it be unfair for the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace? "
In fact, as long as one was not blind, one could see clearly that Luo Zheng had passed through first, and then the Crimson Cloud Ring was extinguished!
However, Xu Can's sophistry resonated with the martial artists below.
About less than ten percent of the warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring, and the other ninety percent of the warriors could not participate in the Torch Inheritance. Besides being disappointed, they were naturally unhappy and felt that it was unfair.
Hearing Xu Can's sophistry, one by one, they echoed.
"Yes, if we let him pass like this, then everyone can go, right?"
"No, we must let him pass once, or it will be cheating!"
"…"
Hearing the voices of the warriors below, Yun Luo's eyes became colder and colder.
She had already guessed where the problem was, but she did not want to deliberately say it. Just now, when Luo Zheng passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring for the first time, he extinguished the Crimson Cloud Ring's glow. She knew that Luo Zheng had probably opened the Mahayana Lotus!
The Crimson Cloud Ring could only sense the limit of the Lesser Realization Lotus. Beyond this limit, the Crimson Cloud Ring could not respond normally, so it was extinguished in an instant!
According to Yun Luo's previous judgment, Luo Zheng's lotus had at least opened seven leaves, and it was very likely that he had opened the ninth leaf like Xue Muyang, or the peak of the ninth leaf like Ai Anxin. However, she did not expect Luo Zheng to open the Mahayana Lotus at the fifth level of the Life and Death Realm.
However, her judgment was based on the reaction of the Crimson Cloud Ring. As for how many leaves Luo Zheng's Mahayana Lotus had opened? Was it eleven leaves? Or thirteen leaves? Or even fifteen leaves? She still did not ask Luo Zheng.
Facing Xu Can's doubts, she smiled coldly, stared at Xu Can, and said, "In the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, am I the one who has the final say, or are you the one who has the final say?"

Chapter 1043
With Yun Luo's personality, she didn't like to compete with others.
Although she was the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, she spent most of her time quietly cultivating. She didn't care much about the position of Palace Lord.
As for why Xu Can liked to aggressively find her every time, his purpose was naturally for the position of Palace Lord.
This time, Yun Luo acted out of character and questioned them. Who was the one in charge here?
In the end, Yun Luo was the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!
The other Vice Palace Lords didn't have much of an opinion. In fact, they also knew the reason why the Scarlet Glow Ring failed. It was most likely because it couldn't accurately determine Luo Zheng's level, which led to this situation.
However, Luo Zheng was indeed qualified to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. If Luo Zheng wasn't qualified, he might have been directly blocked when he passed through the Scarlet Glow Ring.
They were just curious how many lotus leaves Luo Zheng had unfolded.
As for Xu Can, he was just looking for trouble.
Now that Yun Luo was strong, Xu Can's eyes revealed a trace of viciousness, but he didn't dare to say anything.
As for the cultivators below who didn't pass the Scarlet Glow Ring, how could they dare to say anything in front of Yun Luo?
"The Scarlet Glow Ring's screening is complete. The 356 cultivators who passed the Scarlet Glow Ring this time, follow me!"
After speaking, Yun Luo flew in a direction without looking back. Xue Muyang's Swallow Cloud Hall cultivators looked at each other and followed closely behind Yun Luo. As for the other Vice Palace Lords, they also led some cultivators to follow.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin followed at the back of the group.
The two of them were considered outliers in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Although they were Lingyun Hall cultivators in name, they actually had strength comparable to Swallow Cloud Hall cultivators! The most important thing was that the two of them were Life and Death Realm cultivators, and Luo Zheng was the most ridiculous of them all. He was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm …
After following Yun Luo all the way, they left Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and turned into a spatial passage.
In the next thirty hours, hundreds of people followed Yun Luo and hurried on their way.
Although everyone's speed wasn't slow, traveling through a Great World would take years. Even if they turned into a Great World's passageway, the distance that many martial artists traveled was still insignificant compared to a Great World.
After following Yun Luo out of the spatial tunnel, a big city appeared in front of them. This was not their destination, it was just a relay station.
Of course, this was just a relay station for warriors, but the function of this relay station was that there were tens of millions of living creatures living in the city.
When they arrived at the relay station, they boarded a large ship. Once again, they entered the great world passageway and continued on their way.
Fortunately, there was no need for them to use their Quintessential Essence to fly on this ship. Luo Zheng also found a place to close his eyes and cultivate. While cultivating, Luo Zheng also tried to use the memories of the Great Thousand Realms to check the situation in the lower realm.
Although he was very far away from the Great Thousand World, with the fusion of his soul and will, he could still continuously retrieve the memories in it at any time. However, he could not use the power transfer ability.
When he checked, he discovered that Liu Yu had already ascended.
When he returned to the Sea God's Continent for the second time, Liu Yu had already successfully passed his tribulation. It was very likely that he had been forced to ascend by the Great Thousand World just like himself.
With Liu Yu's talent, he should be able to develop smoothly in the Yao Ye Clan. Luo Zheng thought to himself.
When he looked at the Central Domain again, it seemed to be in a peaceful state while he was away. Su Lingyun's cultivation was steadily increasing, and Xi Youqin was still missing. As for Ning Yudie's figure, it seemed like she had gained some weight.
Luo Zheng suddenly thought of something. When he retrieved the memories again, he realized that Ning Yudie was pregnant!
This was the memory of the Great Thousand World, from its birth to the present moment, it had recorded almost everything that had happened in the past. Luo Zheng was constantly looking up Ning Yudie's memories during this period of time by tracing back the flow of time.
Only then did Yang Kai realize that Ning Yudie had already discovered that he was pregnant a few days before he had left.
"I'm going to be a father?" Luo Zheng was still in a daze, but his face was soon filled with joy. Unfortunately, he only managed to find out about this after he ascended. He realized that this matter was not under Luo Zheng's control. He had wanted to stay in the lower realm for a while, but the Great Thousand World did not allow him to do so.
Now that Luo Zheng had ascended, it would be impossible for him to return to the lower realm in a short period of time. He could only leave Ning Yudie to suffer. She had to face all of this alone.
A warrior's cultivation was to go against the heavens, and a woman's home was a hero's grave. Although Luo Zheng missed her, he knew that there were some things that he could not change. There were bound to be losses. He could not take all the benefits in this world.
He searched through the memories again, but there was still no trace of Xi Youqin. It seemed that she had really been staying in the Extreme Purple Realm, but he did not know what this girl was up to.
At this moment, in the Extreme Purple Realm …
There were three floors and one tower in the Extreme Purple Realm. The third floor was the Purple Jade Tower, the Soul Sweeping Tower, and the Moon Embracing Tower. The first tower was the Indefinite Tower. Among the three floors and one tower, one tower was the highest.
The Indefinite Tower was naturally related to the Indefinite Old Man. However, the Indefinite Tower was indeed an indefinite tower. It was three thousand feet wide and one million feet tall. Rather than calling it a tower, it was more appropriate to call it a huge and majestic building.
At this moment, Xi Youqin was throwing a tantrum on one of the floors of the Indefinite Tower.
"I … I don't want to cultivate anymore! Wuuu … "Xi Youqin waved her hand, and countless giant swords that were floating in the air smashed down with a loud bang. The other warriors under the giant swords quickly dodged.
"Young master, you can't do that!"
"The Tower Master has ordered you to cultivate for two hours today!"
"Young master, your progress is really fast. You're a thousand times faster than ordinary warriors. Cultivating for a while more will bring you great benefits …"
Many people came to Xi Youqin's side and comforted her.
"I don't want to cultivate anymore!" Xi Youqin felt wronged and cried.
Ever since she was born, she had never been so serious in her cultivation. When she was still in the Void Sky City, her family had always let her throw a tantrum. Because of this, even though she possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, she was still weaker than some Divine Reflection Realm warriors when she was still in the Divine Core realm, and her foundation was weak.
Luo Zheng had ascended to the Immortal Realm. She wanted to meet Luo Zheng in the Immortal Realm and give him a big surprise. That was why she agreed to enter the Indefinite Tower and become his disciple.
In the beginning, Xi Youqin could still bear it, but as time passed, she couldn't bear it anymore …
A warrior's cultivation was all about cultivation. After reincarnation, it was still reincarnation. How could Xi Youqin, who loved to play the zither and admire the flowers, get used to this?
Therefore, she became more and more resistant to the idea, which made all the other disciples in the Indefinite Tower feel depressed.
Xi Youqin had only been in the Indefinite Tower for a short period of time. Compared to the thousands of years she had spent in the Indefinite Tower, these few months were just a blink of an eye. In these few months, Xi Youqin had continuously broken all kinds of records. Her talent was so outstanding that it made all the other disciples jealous.
The key reason was the Extreme Purple Yin Body. The Extreme Purple Yin Body possessed by ordinary warriors couldn't be compared with hers. Almost all the cultivation techniques in the Extreme Purple Realm were related to the Extreme Purple Yin Body.
What made everyone speechless was that Xi Youqin had only endured for a short period of time, but she couldn't bear it anymore. She wanted to waste her great talent!
Of course, Indefinite Old Man wouldn't allow such a waste. Although Indefinite Old Man had gone out for a few days, he had ordered a few elders to take care of Xi Youqin. He was treating Xi Youqin like a treasure. No wonder she attracted so many jealous gazes.
"Youqin, the path of martial dao is about perseverance and perseverance. If you don't have perseverance, how are you going to achieve great things?" One of the elders said.
"What great things do I want? I have my own husband. I'm just a little girl!" Xi Youqin whimpered.
Another Elder shook his head, "I know that your husband is not a fish in a pond. The world of cultivators is also very cruel. Even if they are husband and wife, there is a reason why they are compatible. In the future, if you want to be together with your husband, the effort you put in today is the most important!"
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng is not that kind of person!" Xi Youqin retorted. Anyway, she really couldn't stand this kind of boring cultivation.

Chapter 1044
Upon hearing Xi Youqin's words, another elder sneered and said, "I admit that you're not wrong! However, it's normal for a man to have multiple wives. Since he has ascended to the Upper Realm, it's hard to guarantee that he won't have a new lover. Your strength is too weak, how can you compete with him? "
In fact, this elder was only guessing. She didn't know Luo Zheng, so how could she know what Luo Zheng's character was like? However, she had heard the Pagoda Master mention that Luo Zheng was the little fellow that her old man favored …
However, in order to make Xi Youqin focus on cultivation, she could only say such nonsense. At least, it would make Xi Youqin alert or motivate her to focus on cultivation.
"I don't care …"
It was a pity that this method had been used too many times. No matter how good the effect was, it would be obliterated by the boredom of cultivation!
Xi Youqin sat in a corner and refused to cultivate with her sword.
Seeing Xi Youqin so willful, the elders couldn't do anything about it. They all felt a headache coming on. This little fellow was really difficult to train!
In fact, Xi Youqin's talent was not bad since she was young. At least, it wasn't worse than Xi Xiaojie's. However, she had been stubborn since she was young. Coupled with the fact that she was pampered by everyone, no one dared to force her to cultivate.
Everything had its vanquisher. If there was anyone in this world who could make her listen to him, it would probably be Luo Zheng.
These people weren't nobodies in the Extreme Purple Realm, but they really couldn't do anything to Xi Youqin …
At this moment, a figure quietly appeared not far away.
When Xi Youqin saw the figure, she said with an aggrieved expression, "Master …"
When the others saw that person, they respectfully called out, "Pagoda Master!"
Indefinite Old Man slowly walked back. When he saw Xi Youqin's reaction, he smiled faintly and said, "In a few years, the Illusory Battlefield will open …"
Xi Youqin's face revealed a strange expression. She asked, "Master, what is the Illusory Battlefield?"
Indefinite Old Man smiled and said, "Youqin, you've been to the Illusory Battlefield before, right?"
In the Upper Realm, building the Illusory Battlefield was a very common method. Many Holy Lands had such a battlefield for warriors to compete with each other.
Xi Youqin nodded. Of course, she had been there.
Indefinite Old Man continued, "When the Illusory Battlefield opens, all the younger warriors in the world will enter it to fight and compete with each other! I believe that at that time, Luo Zheng will also enter it! "
Xi Youqin thought for a moment before saying, "Then …"
"If you can enter the Divine Sea Realm, I'll let you enter the Illusory Battlefield. If you can rely on your own strength to fight for a place in the Illusory Battlefield, meeting Luo Zheng will be easy! "Indefinite Old Man said with a smile.
"Ah!" Xi Youqin was stunned for a moment, then a look of surprise appeared on her face.
"However, you'll encounter all the races in the world in the Illusory Battlefield. There are countless geniuses from all kinds of races, and the strength of those super geniuses is not to be underestimated. It won't be easy to meet Luo Zheng …" Indefinite Old Man continued smiling.
"Is that so?" Hearing this, Xi Youqin's expression slowly changed.
In fact, after entering the Indefinite Tower, Xi Youqin understood many things. She naturally understood the advantages of her Extreme Violet Yin Body and the heights she could reach in the future.
However, she was very confident in her talent, but not in her willpower …
As for her lack of willpower, the biggest reason was that she did not know when she would be able to meet Luo Zheng again if she continued to cultivate like this. Ten years? A hundred years? A thousand years?
Just thinking about it made her scalp tingle!
If it was really like what her master said, she would break through to the Divine Sea Realm and wait for the Illusory Battlefield to open. Naturally, she would not give up this opportunity!
"Yes, I can guarantee that if you cultivate diligently, with your talent, the probability of meeting Luo Zheng in the Illusory Battlefield is very high!" Indefinite Old Man said seriously.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips, and a trace of unswerving determination slowly emerged in her eyes. All her perseverance was for Luo Zheng.
"I understand, Master …"
…
…
Luo Zheng's ship entered the trans-boundary passage and began its trans-boundary voyage.
In contrast, Luo Zheng was not as lucky as Xi Youqin. Since she entered the Indefinite Tower, no matter what she wanted, Indefinite Old Man would satisfy her to the best of his ability. Moreover, he had a respected status in the Indefinite Tower and even called her Young Master. As for cultivation, he spent a lot of effort coaxing Xi Youqin to do it …
Now, Luo Zheng had to rely on himself to fight for everything.
It was said that there would be good rewards in the Torch Flame Inheritance. Of course, Luo Zheng would not let it go.
A few days later, the ship finally left the trans-boundary passage, and what appeared in front of everyone was a grotesque and variegated world.
Yun Luo led the people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace away from the ship and continued to fly forward.
Under everyone's feet was an orange sea. This vast and boundless orange sea indeed gave people a strange feeling.
"This world …" Feeling the strange atmosphere of this world, Luo Zheng could not help but reveal a puzzled look on his face.
On the other hand, Ai Anxin looked indifferent and then said, "This is a Broken World."
"A Broken World? Just like the Purple Extreme Realm? "Luo Zheng asked.
Ai Anxin nodded and then said, "That's why the Alliance set the Torch Flame Inheritance here. This Broken World used to be called the Orange Sea Realm because the sea water in this realm is orange!"
In the Orange Sea Realm's sea water, there were extremely small creatures. There were many of these creatures densely distributed in the sea water, dyeing the entire Orange Sea Realm's sea water orange.
Millions of years ago, the Orange Sea Realm was also a complete great realm. But because several human Empyreans were at odds with each other, they fought in the Orange Sea Realm. The entire great realm could not withstand such a huge amount of power. In the end, the great realm collapsed. Now, the Orange Sea Realm was only a tenth of its former size. It could no longer be considered a complete great realm.
This time, their destination was a huge island in the Orange Sea Realm called Changsu Island. Everyone would participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance on Changsu Island.
In fact, Changsu Island was called an island by Ai Anxin, but that was just the view of the Upper World warriors. According to the standards of the Lower World, Changsu Island was ten times the size of the Central Domain and could be called a huge continent.
After listening to Ai Anxin's introduction, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Although Ai Anxin came to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace to stir up trouble, he had done his homework.
However, Luo Zheng came from the Lower Realm, and Yun Luo was the only person he knew in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. He wouldn't ask Yun Luo about everything he didn't know, so he didn't know what the Torch Flame inheritance was for.
Two hours later, the people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace finally entered Changsu Island.
After another hour of walking along Changsu Island, a huge rock appeared in front of everyone's eyes!
The huge rock was more than ten thousand feet high and tens of thousands of feet wide. Someone had carved a poem on the surface of the rock!
The strokes of this poem were as sharp as knives, and it seemed to contain a kind of magical power. With just a glance, many cultivators revealed uncomfortable expressions. It was as if these strokes contained a sword that could cut their hearts at any time.
However, when they saw that the people around them were suppressing this uncomfortable feeling and trying to keep calm, the other warriors also suppressed their discomfort. As warriors, they were not willing to fall behind others. If others could bear it, they could also bear it. Otherwise, they would lose face.
However, at this moment, Ai Anxin smiled and turned to Luo Zheng, asking, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng looked at the big words and said indifferently, "A little uncomfortable."
Ai Anxin curled her lips, "You are honest. Look at those guys in front of us. They are all uncomfortable, but they have to pretend as if nothing happened. They are willing to suffer because of their pride!"
Her voice was not soft, and many warriors in front of her heard it. Naturally, they were enraged. Ai Anxin had hit the nail on the head. The brush strokes on the boulder were indeed a form of torture for many warriors.
"This poem was carved by a Celestial Master with a sword. The Sword Essence contained in it can point directly to one's heart. His Sword Essence can be said to be perfect, without any flaws!" Ai Anxin felt the anger of the warriors in front of her, but did not care at all. She continued to explain to Luo Zheng as if nothing had happened.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1045
Upon hearing Ai Anxin's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "No more flaws?"
Although Luo Zheng had comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent and even created his own Formless Sword Intent, he couldn't guarantee that his Sword Intent was flawless.
However, Formless Sword Intent didn't have any fixed moves. It was very difficult to break through the moves.
Although it was difficult, it didn't mean that others couldn't break it. However, Luo Zheng hadn't met anyone who could break his Formless Sword Intent!
"Of course. How could the Sword Intent of the owner of the Massacre Sword Mountain have any flaws?" Ai Anxin said with a matter-of-fact expression.
"The owner of the Massacre Sword Mountain?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
Ai Anxin curled her lips. This Luo Zheng really came from the Lower Realm and didn't seem to know anything …
At this time, a cold voice floated into Luo Zheng's mind. It was Xun. "It's Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. Among the many Heavenly Venerables in the universe, Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword is an extremely powerful Heavenly Venerable. His sword is inserted at the top of the Massacre Sword Mountain. It's in the highest position! If you have any questions, ask me directly. Don't ask this woman! "
Xun didn't like this woman from the bottom of her heart …
However, Xun didn't know much about the affairs of the Human Race. For example, the broken Orange Sea Realm and the Torch Flame Inheritance. After all, these were internal affairs of the Alliance.
However, how could she not know about Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword and the Massacre Sword Mountain?
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, but his eyes were still fixed on the poem on the huge rock!
Every word on the poem was dozens of feet wide and tall. The closer one got to the words, the more one could feel the sharp Sword Intent in the words!
The warriors in front had already turned their heads away, unwilling to look directly at the words.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more serious!
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the words seemed to come alive, and a Sword Will shot toward Luo Zheng!
The shadow of the Sword Intent was very faint. Luo Zheng stared at it for a long time, but he could only see a shadow.
Luo Zheng didn't try to defend himself. Instead, he allowed the sword intent to shoot towards him. The moment the sword intent shot into his body, he felt very uncomfortable. It was as if someone had really stabbed him with a sword. It was a little uncomfortable.
So that was the reason why everyone felt uncomfortable when they saw these words. It was because of these invisible sword intents.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light!
Could this formless sword intent be used to refine his sword intent?
Although he had this conjecture, Luo Zheng was still uncertain … Even if he was uncertain, Luo Zheng would still test it!
Yun Luo, who was in front of them, was about to lead them around the boulder. At the same time, she turned her head and told everyone, "Our destination is behind this boulder." After saying that, she saw Luo Zheng stop.
Ai Anxin also looked at Luo Zheng curiously and asked, "Hey, what are you doing? Are you stupid? "
Yun Luo also circled over. Although she did not care much about Luo Zheng, the inheritance of the Torch Flame was very important. She did not know what Luo Zheng was doing here.
"What's wrong? Luo Zheng? "Yun Luo followed Luo Zheng's gaze and asked," Is there a problem with these words? "
Luo Zheng said, "I want to try …"
"Try what?" Yun Luo asked curiously.
Ai Anxin was also curious and looked at Luo Zheng strangely.
At this time, Luo Zheng had already taken out the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. Holding the long sword, he pointed at the words and said, "I see some faint Sword Intent. I want to try and see if I can use these Sword Intents to refine my Sword Intent."
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo and Ai Anxin's eyes suddenly widened.
"Impossible! Is the legend true? "Ai Anxin cried out softly.
Yun Luo also looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. To be honest, when she brought Luo Zheng to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, Yun Luo once told herself that anything could happen to this kid and that there was no need to be too surprised! However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng had only been in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace for such a short time. She already found it hard to accept …
Because of their overreaction, Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression. Because his mind was not focused enough, the faint Sword Intent shadows disappeared. It seemed that he could only see these Sword Intents if he concentrated very hard!
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Yun Luo did not answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she continued to ask, "Can you really see those Sword Intents? What do they look like? "
Ai Anxin also stared at Luo Zheng. She did not speak. Yun Luo had already asked the question she wanted to ask.
"They're pale white swords …" Luo Zheng described. "They're about two feet long. They're quite short."
The Thunder Wind Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand was five feet long. It was almost twice the length of those white sword shadows.
Yun Luo nodded and exhaled. "It is indeed the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable's two-foot Bright God Sword. Bright God Sword … two and a half feet long, white. It is said to be the Sword Heavenly Venerable that can play chess with God …"
Ai Anxin curled her lips. She believed Luo Zheng's words more than Yun Luo. Yun Luo had just asked Luo Zheng because she was somewhat suspicious. However, Ai Anxin had just come here. She already knew that Luo Zheng knew nothing about the Orange Sea Realm. He did not even know who the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable was, so it was even more impossible for him to know about that legend.
Naturally, it was impossible for him to make up a story to fool them …
Seeing Yun Luo's stunned expression, Luo Zheng asked, "What's wrong with you two?"
"Although this matter occurred within the Human Race, that legend is still very famous." At this time, Xun told Luo Zheng.
This Heavenly Venerable was named Bright Sword because his sword technique was said to be able to play chess with True Gods!
However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable did not have a successor. His Bright Sword Technique also disappeared with him …
Legend had it that the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable had carved his sword technique into a poem. This poem should be the words on the boulder in front of them.
If he could see his sword intent in this poem, then he would be able to comprehend his Graceful Sword Technique, which could be considered as inheriting his legacy …
This legend had once been very famous.
Countless swordsmen had spent all their savings, and some had even become poor and destitute, just to read this poem and comprehend the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable's lifelong secret skill. That was a sword technique that could play chess with True Gods. It was the master of Slaughter Sword Mountain's lifetime secret skill. It was a sword technique that could play chess with True Gods!
It was enough to drive all swordsmen crazy.
Xun spoke the first half of the poem in Luo Zheng's mind. As for the rest, it was Yun Luo who spoke. Yun Luo pointed at the island below them.
Below this boulder was a desert. "Look at the numerous small pits in the desert."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Yun Luo was pointing at. Only then did he notice that below them was a desert. But, this desert was covered with numerous small pits. Just looking at them would cause one's scalp to tingle. There were probably millions of these small pits …
"What is this?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"Those are the swordsmen that sat in front of this boulder, meditating and comprehending …"
In this world, there was never a lack of martial artists with great perseverance. In order to comprehend an Empyrean's secret skill, what did it matter how hard they worked?
Some Life and Death realm and Divine Sea realm martial artists had spent their entire lives in front of this boulder. For thousands of years, tens of thousands of years, they would meditate, meditate, and comprehend, hoping that one day they would be able to see through the mysteries of this poem.
Thousands of years, tens of thousands of years of sitting here would cause the ground to sink, creating countless small pits.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. He asked with concern, "Did anyone … succeed?"
Yun Luo faintly smiled, shook her head, and replied, "No, not a single one."
"This … if they spent their entire life here and still couldn't succeed, wouldn't it be too much of a loss for them?" Luo Zheng sighed.
Yun Luo faintly smiled, and said, "They are like gamblers. The more they lose, the more persistent they become. In the end, they can't leave, so they spend their entire life on the gambling table. If they succeed, they will cultivate the sword art. If they fail, they will accept it. At least they have paid the price!"
"Worthy of admiration," Luo Zheng sighed.
Ai Anxin curled her lips, "Not everyone will accept it. There are still some who feel it is unfair. I heard that many people cursed Empyrean Empyrean after Empyrean Decay! It is said that he also carved some words, but I don't know where … "

Chapter 1046
Looking in the direction that Yun Luo was pointing, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin saw some densely packed words.
These words were of varying sizes. The larger ones were as tall as a person while the smaller ones were only the size of a palm …
"I burned my lifespan and gave up my bright future. In the end, I gained nothing. I will tell the world that this is nothing but a scam set up by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword!"
"Liar! Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword is a big liar. Unfortunately, he wasted ten thousand years of my lifespan and entered the Five Decay of Heaven! If I can reincarnate in the future and have the fortune to come here again, I will break this stone … "
"Hey, latecomers, don't dream. You should peacefully cultivate your own martial arts. Wanting to comprehend Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's sword intent from these words is nothing more than the ravings of an idiot! Life is short, wasting time here is really sad and lamentable. "
These densely packed words were filled with pessimism and advice for latecomers to give up on their futile observation.
Seeing these words, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. He could understand the feelings of these people. They had thrown away so much of their lifespan here only to gain nothing in the end. When their lifespan was nearing its end, it was inevitable that they would feel resentment. If it were Luo Zheng, he would also find it hard to accept.
"Why is there no one observing now?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
From the potholes on the ground, Luo Zheng could imagine that many martial artists had once come here to observe. But now, not a single one could be seen.
"Ever since this Orange Sea Realm became the Eternal Flame Inheritance of the Alliance, ordinary martial artists have been unable to enter. Moreover, for millions of years, no one has been able to comprehend the mysteries within. Many martial artists have begun to doubt the words on these boulders … but occasionally, there will still be martial artists who come here to comprehend them." As Yun Luo spoke, she looked around and shook her head, "I haven't seen any today."
Ai Anxin stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, are you sure you saw that white sword shadow?"
Although Yun Luo and Ai An both believed that Luo Zheng was not lying, they still could not believe that Luo Zheng could see the white sword shadow …
After all, in the past several million years, it had attracted countless warriors to comprehend it, but no one had been able to comprehend it. Luo Zheng had just arrived here, and he saw the white sword shadow. It was really incredible!
The other vice palace masters of Misty Cloud Palace led the other geniuses to wait on the side of the giant rock, avoiding the sharp light of the words.
"What is the Palace Lord doing?"
"It seems like that brat said that he saw through the mystery of this huge rock!"
"This is simply impossible. Empyrean Bright Sword's poem should have already become a joke in the universe, a complete scam!"
"You seem very excited?"
"Nonsense! One of my uncles originally had a high chance of entering the Ultimate Divine Realm. Back then, he spent all his time here, watching him enter the Five Decays of Heaven and Man, and watch him die … "
When Vice Palace Master Xu Can saw this scene, his face was full of disdain as he smiled and said, "Hmph, this kid is most likely bragging that he has seen something. However, this kind of thing is too common on Changsu Island. He obviously didn't see anything, yet he still wants to deceive others. This kind of person is a scourge. Back then, many people swore that they had seen the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the Snake Shadow, and the 10,000 Swords Formation!"
Xu Can's words weren't without reason. Trying to comprehend the mysteries of this giant rock had almost evolved into a real scam in the end. Some swindlers would fabricate strange and bizarre things and tell other martial artists that they could see them. In this way, they would be able to swindle a lot of martial artists out of their possessions …
In short, there were too many disputes around this huge rock, and it was difficult to describe all of them.
"Let's go! They can't wait any longer. There's no need to wait for the Palace Lord. Let's go first! " Xu Can said coldly. He had brought his people to participate in the Torch Inheritance, not to accompany Yun Luo to observe the huge rock.
The other warriors also left one after another …
In their opinion, Luo Zheng wanted to solve a puzzle that even tens of thousands of people could not solve. It was undoubtedly a fool's dream.
Ai Anxin asked Luo Zheng. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng shook his head cautiously. "I'm not sure …" He did see the faint white sword shadows, and he also saw those sword shadows piercing his body, which produced a kind of "heart-piercing" feeling!
But Luo Zheng could not conclude that this was the mystery left behind by Heavenly Master Bright Sword. In addition, Yun Luo and Ai Anxin had exaggerated it. So many people had not been able to comprehend it, so how could Luo Zheng understand it? Even if Luo Zheng was confident in his own luck, he could not be sure.
Ai Anxin curled her lips, and a trace of disappointment appeared on her face. She had really believed Luo Zheng just now, so she looked at the team on the side of the huge rock and said, "Then let's not waste time here. Let's go first!"
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng suspiciously, not knowing what she was thinking. Then she nodded. "Let's go first. The other warriors of the Twelve Palaces should have already arrived."
"Can I stay here for a while?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo smiled. In fact, she had already guessed that Luo Zheng must have seen something, so she nodded. "After the Torch Inheritance begins, I will inform you." After saying this, she rushed to the back of the huge rock with Ai Anxin.
After they had all left, Luo Zheng's figure quietly descended.
The ground was a hard desert. Luo Zheng could not imagine the amount of time it would take to create so many small pits by meditating. In any case, it was not something that could be done in a few decades.
He casually found a place to sit down and looked at the big words on the huge rock again. Just now, when he was concentrating, he could see the white sword shadows. However, as long as he was distracted, the sword shadows would disappear from his sight.
"Can I see them just by staring?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were fixed on the big words, and his expression became more and more focused.
However, after staring for a long time, Luo Zheng did not see the white sword shadows again. However, he could feel the "piercing" feeling, which meant that the sword shadows were still there. It was just that he could not see them.
Was his mind not focused enough?
Perhaps because he heard Yun Luo and Ai Anxin exaggerate, Luo Zheng's state of mind was slightly impetuous.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng silently chanted the word "calm" in his heart. After dozens of times, his breathing gradually became even, and his whole person was immersed in a quiet state.
After dozens of breaths of time, a very faint thing seemed to come out from the big words!
This was indeed the shadow of a sword …
Although the shadow was faint and inaudible, Luo Zheng was very sure that he had seen the sword shadows again.
Just when Luo Zheng planned to concentrate even more, hoping to see more clearly, an ear-piercing laughter suddenly came from the side. "Haha, another friend has come! These days, young people who are interested in the mysteries of the Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword are really rare! "
Along with the ear-piercing laughter, the white sword shadow that Luo Zheng had been struggling to see suddenly disappeared. He furrowed his brows.
He was so focused on comprehending that he hated being disturbed the most!
The most taboo thing between martial artists was to disturb others when they were cultivating. That was why there was the saying of closed-door cultivation.
After all, when one's cultivation reached a critical juncture, even a light cough could cause one's cultivation to go berserk, causing irreversible consequences …
Luo Zheng looked up with a gloomy face and saw a middle-aged man in ragged clothes. This middle-aged man was slightly fat and his whole body was pitch-black. It was unknown how many years he had not bathed. As for the beard on his face, it was also unknown how many years he had not taken care of it. It was scattered all over his face, making him look quite sloppy.
This middle-aged fat man was very excited when he saw Luo Zheng. He hurriedly called out, "Old Chen, Old Chen, another person has joined us! Come quickly! "
"Whoosh!"
On the other side, another person shot over. That person was thin and weak, but like this middle-aged fat man, his clothes were ragged and he looked like a beggar …
"These two people's cultivations are not low!" Luo Zheng frowned and sized them up. These two should be peak Divine Realm experts.
The martial artist called Old Chen flew over and sized up Luo Zheng with a smile. He then said, "Little brother, you also want to comprehend the mysteries of this huge rock?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He was indeed a little interested, so he temporarily stayed here. However, when Luo Zheng saw the appearance of these two people, he asked, "How long have you been comprehending here?"

Chapter 1047
Luo Zheng had heard from Yun Luo that many people had come here to observe and comprehend for tens of thousands of years.
But when he heard that Old Xu had actually observed for 20,000 years, he couldn't help but sigh.
The scenery on Changsu Island wasn't bad, but to stay in this environment for 20,000 years while facing this barren boulder, one could imagine how boring it was!
Luo Zheng turned to look at Old Chen and asked, "What about you?"
Old Chen chuckled and stretched out a finger. "60,000 years …"
60,000 years …
Luo Zheng took a deep breath.
Luo Zheng had only lived for about 20 years since he was born, but this person had stayed here for 60,000 years just to observe and comprehend the mysteries left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword?
Old Chen seemed to be used to other people's surprised expressions. He chuckled and said, "60,000 years is nothing. There was an old guy who lived for 130,000 years, but … he went back after entering the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. He should have died by now …"
These two people didn't have any bad intentions and were even very enthusiastic about Luo Zheng. After chatting for a while, they realized that Luo Zheng had come to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance.
"Since you were able to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance, you must be a martial artist who is highly valued by the Alliance. You still have a long way to go, so I suggest that you don't try to comprehend it. This stone has a kind of fascinating magic. Once you fall in, it's hard to extricate yourself. I'm afraid that once you're truly captivated, you'll waste your time like us." Old Chen actually warned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Since you know you've wasted your time, why don't you leave?"
As soon as he asked this question, Old Xu revealed a bitter smile. "Hahaha, we've spent so many years here, and now you want us to leave? Wouldn't all our previous efforts be wasted? "
"Actually, we also understand that it's impossible for us to obtain anything in this lifetime, but so what if we leave? We can't take another step forward, so we might as well persevere. If we die, we die here. "Old Chen smiled helplessly.
Previously, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure it out. Since these guys couldn't comprehend it, they could just give up. But now, he somewhat understood the mentality of these martial artists …
On the path of martial arts, "perseverance" was the most important thing. Warriors who could persevere were all people with great perseverance. Their achievements would certainly not be low. For example, these two were Ultimate God Realm warriors. In fact, in any Holy Land in the Upper Realm, they would be like fish in water. In a small place, they would be powerful characters who could call the wind and summon the rain.
The willpower of these two people was definitely not weak.
However, this "perseverance" also required him to find the right direction. If he persevered in the wrong direction, he would be further and further away from his goal …
They already knew that they were wrong, but they had persisted for too long. They had walked too far down this wrong path, and there was no turning back.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile. "I understand. I was just passing by and got curious, so I wanted to give it a try!"
"That's great!" Old Xu nodded. Then, with a flip of his body, he sat down in a large pit. The entire pit had sunk ten feet deep, and the walls of the pit had been rubbed until they were extremely smooth. It was like a mirror, perfectly fitting Old Xu's entire body into it!
This big pit was the result of Old Xu's 20,000 years of "meditation"!
Old Chen's figure flashed, and he sat down in another depression. He stared at the huge rock with his eyes wide open, as if he was fighting with someone else. In an instant, the two of them had entered a meditative state!
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and raised his head to look at the huge rock again …
After dozens of breaths, in Luo Zheng's vision, faint white sword shadows appeared again!
As Luo Zheng became more and more focused, the shapes of these sword shadows became more and more real!
At first, they were just white sword shadows, and the swords were not very clear. But after the time it took to burn three sticks of incense, those sword shadows had become like real swords.
As these sword shadows became more and more real, when they pierced Luo Zheng's body, the feeling of "heart piercing" became more and more clear, and it made Luo Zheng's heart more and more painful!
This was just an illusion. His body was not injured! Luo Zheng warned himself.
But this warning seemed to be of no use. The pain seemed to be real. Later, every time Luo Zheng's body was pierced, his heart would twitch, as if a sword was really piercing him. It was just that he was not injured or bleeding.
"No …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He could not let these white sword shadows bring him pain!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng turned over, and took out his Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword. Facing the white sword shadows flying towards him, Luo Zheng suddenly slashed out!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's sword intent came from the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword!
At this moment, a strange scene appeared. The white sword shadow directly swallowed Luo Zheng's sword intent!
After swallowing Luo Zheng's sword intent, the white sword shadow continued to rush towards Luo Zheng. Unable to dodge, it entered Luo Zheng's body!
"Pu!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body emitted a muffled sound. Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt a sweet taste in his throat, and he spat out a mouthful of blood.
This time, Luo Zheng was really injured!
Although Old Chen and Old Xu had already entered a meditative state, when they saw Luo Zheng's actions, strange expressions flickered on their faces ….
In front of this huge rock, many things had happened that made people not know whether to laugh or cry.
Some people swore that they saw the soul of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, and even pretended to kneel down to acknowledge him as their master, and talked to him while facing the air. Some people said that they were surrounded by a sword array, and as long as they could break this sword array, they would be able to comprehend Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's sword technique …
In any case, all sorts of melodramatic things had happened before.
It could be said that Luo Zheng's crazed actions were the most common, as he constantly brandished his sword towards the words on the huge rock!
Many people used their own sword techniques in front of this huge rock, as if they wanted to use their own sword techniques to break through Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's mysteries. But in the end, this was nothing more than wishful thinking.
However, what Old Chen and Old Xu were curious about was that Luo Zheng had been injured? How had he been injured?
The reflection of the brush strokes on the poem on the boulder was indeed very uncomfortable, but it was only uncomfortable. Those who were not used to it would even feel uneasy when facing those words, but after getting used to it, like Old Xu and Old Chen, they did not feel anything at all.
How could it possibly injure someone?
But Luo Zheng vomiting blood was a matter that was set in stone …
"This boy, what kind of trick is he playing?"
"He might be deliberately injuring himself, but what's the point of playing this trick in front of us?"
The two of them quietly used true essence sound transmissions to converse. What had they not encountered in this place? They could be considered shrewd people amongst shrewd people. With a casual inference, they felt that Luo Zheng was putting on a show for them, and that the blood was deliberately shaken out by Luo Zheng himself.
However, the two of them couldn't figure it out. Luo Zheng had no reason to put on a show in front of them. The two of them had spent their entire lives here, and they had no value to speak of. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't high, he still had the qualifications to participate in the Eternal Flame Inheritance. He was a seed of the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance, and his future prospects were limitless. There was no reason for him to deceive them.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what the two of them were thinking, but his face revealed an unconvinced expression!
He had just released his sword intent, but it had been directly swallowed by the white sword shadow. Moreover, when it struck back, it had actually injured him. This was equal to Luo Zheng injuring himself with his own sword intent!
"Again!"
"Whoosh …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't slash out with his sword intent. Instead, he wrapped his sword intent around the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword. When the white sword shadow approached, he blocked it with his sword!
The two swords collided. The white sword shadow was an illusory object, and there was no sound from the collision. But this time, Luo Zheng's sword directly deflected the white sword shadow to one side. However, the white sword shadow circled around and shot into Luo Zheng's body again!
"I can't block it. It seems useless." Luo Zheng frowned and thought. It seemed that even if he saw the white sword shadow, he couldn't do anything about it!
But this time, Luo Zheng wasn't injured.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1048
So many people, so many years, yet none of them were able to comprehend the mysteries within.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't think that he would be able to comprehend anything in such a short period of time.
The reason he stayed here was purely because he was curious about those white sword shadows …
These sword shadows should have been left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. When he carved this poem, he imbued his comprehension of the Dao of the Sword into these large characters!
Therefore, these large characters, from sunset to sunrise, ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years, a million years, had been constantly releasing those white sword shadows outside …
However, from the looks of it, while others were unable to see these sword shadows, Luo Zheng was able to see them when he concentrated.
Through his own sword intent, Luo Zheng was able to resist these white sword shadows. However, after Luo Zheng blocked the sword, the white sword shadow changed direction and continued to stab towards Luo Zheng!
Couldn't block it?
A trace of stubbornness appeared on Luo Zheng's face!
Again!
He still didn't release his sword intent. If he released his sword intent and it was swallowed by the white sword shadow, it would cause him to be injured!
Facing the white sword shadow flying towards him, Luo Zheng was especially serious this time!
His five foot long sword floated over and lightly blocked the white sword shadow. In the instant it bounced off, the white sword shadow spun a few times in the air and once again shot towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng was already prepared. The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword gently twisted, and with a light push, it once again bounced off the white sword shadow …
Once, twice, thrice, thrice …
The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand danced with a blue sword flower, and the white sword shadow was bounced off time and time again!
In a breath's time, Luo Zheng directly bounced off the sword flower seven times!
After bouncing off seven times in a row, the white sword shadow loudly shattered!
"Shattered?"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
After the white sword shadow shattered, it turned into faint light spots and once again shot towards Luo Zheng's body!
"Is this a sword spirit?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Inside Luo Zheng's body, Xun asked, "What sword spirit? Why can't I see it? "
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not sure either …"
Whether it was the white sword shadow or the white light spot, it seemed that only he could see them. Xun couldn't see them, and neither could the two Ultimate God Realm warriors behind him.
And this white dot of light didn't seem to be a sword spirit …
However, just as Luo Zheng was pondering, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.
The characters on the boulder had been releasing thousands of white sword shadows in all directions, and one of them was aimed at Luo Zheng.
However, when Luo Zheng shattered the first white sword shadow, all the other sword shadows disappeared...
Luo Zheng looked at the several dozen words left behind by Empyrean Bright Sword in a daze. He didn't know why, but he had an ominous feeling in his heart.
This feeling was also felt by Old Xu and Old Chen …
Of course, their feelings were different from Luo Zheng's. Because at this time, the two of them suddenly discovered that the "piercing heart" feeling that had always existed had actually disappeared.
Old Chen had meditated here for 60,000 years, and Old Xu had meditated here for 20,000 years!
In such a long period of time, the world of mortals had probably changed dynasties hundreds of times already …
However, this "piercing heart" feeling had never disappeared. It had lasted for a day, two hours, an incense stick's worth of time, and even a breath's worth of time! As long as one stood here, they could feel the fierceness of those large characters, and their hearts would constantly feel a stabbing pain!
Old Chen and Old Xu looked at each other in dismay.
The two of them had already gotten used to this feeling and didn't feel any discomfort. However, after it suddenly disappeared, they actually felt unaccustomed.
More importantly, this feeling had suddenly disappeared. This was too strange. Could it be that the characters left behind by Empyrean Bright Sword had already lost their imposing manner?
"What's going on! That's impossible … "
"Could it be that brat?"
"Impossible, impossible …"
"But that feeling has really disappeared." The two of them revealed disbelief in their eyes.
This Luo Zheng was pretending to be mysterious and performing sword dances here. In the eyes of the two of them, it was just a little baffling. The two of them had the mentality of watching a play, wanting to see how long Luo Zheng would keep up this act.
However, this kind of situation just had to happen at this time. The two of them couldn't help but associate this situation with Luo Zheng.
And at this time, the two of them saw Luo Zheng suddenly turn around, and then madly run away at an extremely fast speed. The speed at which he flew away caused the two Divine Realm experts to raise their eyebrows …
"What's this guy doing?"
"I don't know …"
Luo Zheng had no choice but to run.
After the large characters on the huge rock stopped for a while, countless white sword shadows suddenly shot out, and all of the white sword shadows shot towards one direction — the direction where Luo Zheng was!
Did he provoke a hornet's nest? Didn't he just shatter one of your white sword shadows? Did he have to go so far?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. He also didn't know what was going on, but every time a white sword shadow pierced his body, he would feel a piercing pain in his heart. With so many white sword shadows shooting towards him at the same time, wouldn't he die of heartache?
Of course, he wouldn't stupidly stand there …
Seeing that the white sword shadows were like a swarm of hornets, Luo Zheng could only turn around and run.
"Swoosh …"
Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, but the white sword shadows were even faster.
He only ran a few hundred feet before his entire body was submerged by the white sword shadows …
Then, Luo Zheng felt a stabbing pain in his heart, and then he felt as if his heart was about to explode. He no longer had the strength to escape, and let the white sword shadows shoot into his body.
Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back, and he directly fainted, falling down from the sky.
But the moment he was about to hit the ground, Xun shot out from Luo Zheng's body, held Luo Zheng in her arms, and stood gracefully on the ground.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, he wouldn't be injured even if he fell from this height, but Xun still took action.
Xun then put Luo Zheng on the ground, stretched out her finger, looked at it, and murmured, "Just now, it seems that this Sword Spirit Body has become more powerful?"
This Sword Spirit belonged to Luo Zheng, and Xun's soul was just attached to it.
However, Luo Zheng gave full control to Xun, so this Sword Spirit Body could be regarded as Xun's temporary shell!
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to his Sword Spirit, but Xun clearly felt that the Sword Spirit Body seemed to have strengthened a lot just now.
With the strength of Xun's soul now, she didn't need to attach herself to the Sword Spirit Body. But since her soul was released, it had been hiding there, so she was used to it.
She was also very curious. How did Luo Zheng strengthen this Sword Spirit? What happened to him when he was wielding his sword in the air just now?
Luo Zheng didn't faint for long. This kind of pain was actually a kind of illusory pain, and it didn't really exist, so it wouldn't bring any harm to Luo Zheng …
"Xun?" He slowly woke up, and saw Xun standing next to him.
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Just now, you seemed to have honed your Sword Spirit again?"
Luo Zheng touched his head, and said with a puzzled face, "I'm not sure." Thinking of the huge amount of white sword shadows, Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear!
"I've become more powerful!" Xun said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
In fact, the Sword Spirit Body had only strengthened a little, and it didn't match Xun's soul at all. Rather than saying that she had become more powerful, it should be Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit that had become more powerful.
"Ah …" Only then did Luo Zheng feel something strange.
He felt that the Sword Spirit's aura seemed to have become sharper. That aura didn't come from Xun's soul, but from the Sword Spirit itself.
"That's true." Luo Zheng was slightly happy. "It seems that I can use those white sword shadows to hone my Sword Spirit!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit had indeed reached perfection, but perfection wasn't the limit. When Luo Zheng entered the Killing Sword Mountain, he just stuck his sword in the mountainside.
It was indeed a good thing to be able to hone his Sword Spirit again. But thinking of that swarm of white sword shadows like hornets, Luo Zheng's mouth was full of bitterness.

Chapter 1049
Luo Zheng didn't believe that he could unravel the mystery that Empyrean Bright Sword had left behind here.
But if he could use these white sword shadows to increase the strength of the Sword Spirit, that was enough.
Those white sword shadows truly caused Luo Zheng great pain. Every time a white sword shadow shuttled back and forth, he would feel as if his heart was being pierced.
And when thousands upon thousands of white sword shadows shuttled back and forth, he felt as if his heart was about to explode!
However, this sort of pain paled in comparison to the pain that Luo Zheng had experienced when he replaced the primal chaos energy … Luo Zheng had forcefully endured the pain of replacing the true essence in his dantian. Of course, he could also endure the pain in front of him!
But when Luo Zheng returned to the front of the boulder, the two Ultimate Divine realm martial artists glared at Luo Zheng!
These two martial artists were originally very kind, but now they revealed ferocious expressions, as if they were wild beasts that had gone berserk!
"You, you … what did you just do!?" Old Chen asked with a trembling voice.
"How did you do it? How did you make those words … that feeling disappear! "Old Xu also asked.
No matter how much they didn't believe it, this matter had happened right in front of their eyes …
They had meditated here for tens of thousands of years and had dreamed countless times that they could have some sort of inconceivable reaction with the words on the boulder. But in the end, the miracle didn't favor them.
This boulder and those words had experienced countless years of wind and rain, sun and dew, but they still persisted here, still emitting a sharp aura, without any change.
Not long after Luo Zheng had arrived here, a strange change had occurred. How could they remain calm?
In truth, because these two martial artists had been meditating for a long time, they had already lost the edge of a martial artist. Their strength was also inferior to an ordinary Ultimate Divine realm martial artist. Their moods were also relatively calm, but at this time, they couldn't control their emotions!
After all, Empyrean Bright Sword was an Empyrean that could play chess with a god! The sword skill he left behind was also a sword skill that could play chess with a god. As long as they could comprehend it, they would be able to earn back everything they had invested in it. Their life's work would be worth it. In this sort of situation, who could control their own emotions?
Seeing them so excited, Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise. "I didn't do anything!"
"Impossible! You better tell us the truth! "
"Do you think we're three years old? Do you think you can fool me so easily? "
Previously, they didn't believe that Luo Zheng could comprehend anything, so they just watched indifferently from the side.
This time, their faces were filled with murderous intent …
In fact, Luo Zheng could understand their feelings. These people had spent their entire lives here. It was as if they were guarding a huge treasure trove, but they couldn't enter it. They had been guarding it for tens of thousands of years.
After coming here, he had indeed caused some sort of phenomenon. Although he might not have solved the mysteries left behind by Heavenly Exalt Bright Sword, he had still let them see a sliver of hope.
It would be strange if they didn't go crazy!
Luo Zheng was not worried. Yun Luo was not far from here. These two people were basically courting death if they attacked him. Moreover, although the two of them were ferocious, they could not control their emotions. Luo Zheng did not feel any killing intent from them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng faintly felt pity for them …
"I really didn't do anything. I just saw some faint sword shadows. After I shattered the sword shadows, it became like this." Luo Zheng shrugged. He had no need to hide it. Moreover, he had told Yun Luo and Ai Anxin before.
It was just that no one believed him.
"Sword shadows!"
"What did the sword shadows look like …"
Luo Zheng casually made a few gestures and explained. At this moment, he felt the "piercing" feeling again. He smiled faintly. "Those sword shadows appeared again."
If Luo Zheng could feel it, so could the two of them. It seemed that the words on the boulder had returned to normal.
"So that feeling all these years was caused by the sword shadows?"
"Why can't I see it? Why can't I see it …"
The two of them murmured with a dazed expression on their faces.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He could not be bothered to pay attention to these two lunatics. Even if they saw the sword shadows, it was not a big deal. There were many ways to sharpen the sword intent. Why would these two be bothered by this?
As the two of them murmured, their eyes widened, as if they also wanted to see the sword shadows.
Luo Zheng raised the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword again. Seeing a white sword shadow flying towards him, his sword intent once again circled around the sword and he slashed seven times in a row!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After seven slashes, the white sword shadow shattered without any suspense!
Therefore, all the white sword shadows once again rushed towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to retreat. In any case, he could not outrun these white sword shadows. Since he wanted to sharpen himself, he would do it thoroughly!
He held the long sword straight in front of him and pressed two fingers on the sword with his other hand. His eyes were full of seriousness!
The white sword shadows were like a tide, rushing towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again attacked with his sword.
This was not a battle, but a tempering of the sword intent. Luo Zheng did not display the power of law within the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. He just crazily urged the sword intent and waved the sword in his hand. His feet were firmly planted on the ground, not moving a single step.
If a mortal saw Luo Zheng, that mortal would not be able to see Luo Zheng's right hand or the sword in Luo Zheng's hand. They would only see the flickering sleeves and the blue sword flowers …
The speed at which he waved his sword had already exceeded the limits of the eye.
"Whoosh —"
As he brandished the sword at high speed, gusts of wind swept out from his sleeves, and the white sword shadows that were rushing towards Luo Zheng were continuously blocked by the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword that was wrapped in sword intent. The white sword shadows that were blocked circled around before flying back towards Luo Zheng.
After repeating this seven times, they shattered with a loud bang …
Therefore, this time, the white sword shadows shattered one after another, and the white specks of light quickly rushed into Luo Zheng's body and fused with Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
There were too many white sword shadows, and the speed at which Luo Zheng waved his sword had already reached a limit.
At present, Luo Zheng was like a giant standing in a valley, resisting the torrent by himself. At first, he was able to block the torrent formed by the white sword shadows, but after a few breaths, he was unable to block the torrent. The torrent once again submerged Luo Zheng.
"My heart … is going to explode!"
Very helpless, Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back and he fainted again. This was what he thought before he fainted.
After Luo Zheng fainted, Xun once again left Luo Zheng's body and coldly stared at the two people in front of her. While Luo Zheng fainted, she silently protected Luo Zheng.
With Xun's current strength of the Silver Soul Stage, even if she was only left with her soul, she could still fight against these two warriors of the Divine Realm. However, if these two did not harm Luo Zheng, she would not take the initiative to attack.
Old Chen and Old Xu stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who had fainted.
No matter what, they were certain that Luo Zheng must have discovered some mysteries, but they could not see these mysteries.
Although these two were on the verge of losing their minds, they still knew the identity of the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces.
Ever since Changsu Island was designated as the territory of the Thirteen Palaces for the Torch Flame Inheritance, it was not easy to enter and observe the huge rock. Even the two of them had to spend a lot of effort to not be chased away after bribing everyone …
Now that the people of the Thirteen Palaces had come to Changsu Island, if they really dared to touch Luo Zheng, they would be courting death.
The two of them also had some other ideas. Perhaps, when Luo Zheng comprehended the mysteries of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, they could also get a share of the profits?
Therefore, although they were excited, they forcibly suppressed some of the impulses in their hearts, such as kidnapping Luo Zheng and forcing him to reveal the truth …
After a while, Luo Zheng woke up again.
At this time, he was becoming more and more courageous. At least, after resisting just now, the Sword Spirit had become stronger, and he found that it was not impossible for him to block these white sword shadows!
"Again!"
As Luo Zheng slashed out seven times in the air, he once again triggered the torrent of sword shadows and was drowned again …
This time, Luo Zheng lasted a little longer, at least six or seven breaths of time. Then, he once again experienced the feeling of his heart exploding before he fainted.
In this way, he was drowned by the hundred sword shadows again and again, and woke up again and again.
Xun's Sword Spirit Body began to become stronger at a visible speed. At the same time, Luo Zheng also felt that his Sword Essence was changing again.

Chapter 1050
Originally, Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Essence was already close to perfection.
The cyclones of Sword Essence seemed to be extremely full. Luo Zheng had seen many Perfect Sword Essences during his travels. His Perfect Sword Essence was close to perfection, and there seemed to be no possibility for it to be improved.
But now, Luo Zheng found that his Perfect Sword Essence began to become extremely unstable!
Previously, Luo Zheng could easily release the Sword Essence with a single thought. However, the faint Sword Essence lingering on Luo Zheng's long sword was becoming fiercer and fiercer, but Luo Zheng found that it was very difficult for him to control it!
The cyclones formed by the Sword Essence were no longer full. Instead, they were like snakes, constantly jumping on Luo Zheng's long sword!
In other words, the Sword Essence didn't seem to be getting stronger. Instead, it became extreme!
"Why did the Sword Essence's characteristics become like this?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Using the white sword shadows to temper the Sword Essence did make the Sword Spirit stronger than ever, but it was difficult for Luo Zheng to control the Sword Essence.
For a moment, Luo Zheng hesitated whether he should continue or not …
Looking at the white sword shadows scattering around, Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of persistence again.
There were some things that one either didn't do, but once it was done, one must do one's best. Giving up halfway was not a habit for Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how far his Sword Essence would go if it continued to develop like this!
At the present stage, although Luo Zheng's Sword Essence was extremely unstable, he could still forcibly suppress it.
Moreover, as the Sword Essence became fiercer and fiercer, the speed of shattering the white sword shadows also increased a lot.
At the beginning, Luo Zheng needed seven strokes to shatter the white sword shadows. Now, Luo Zheng only needed four strokes.
Of course, when facing the torrent of white sword shadows, each stroke of his sword could sweep away hundreds of white sword shadows. Therefore, after four consecutive strokes, he was able to shatter hundreds of white sword shadows!
Unknowingly, he had already stayed in front of this huge rock for four hours.
Just as he was trying his best to kill the white sword shadows, Yun Luo's voice rang out.
"Luo Zheng, are you still trying to decipher the words on the boulder? The Torch Flame Inheritance is about to begin … "Yun Luo said faintly.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "Can we wait?"
"I can, but after the Torch Flame inheritance begins, there will be a first round of assessment. You should hurry …"
The disciples of the Thirteen Palaces had to go through another assessment. If Luo Zheng was delayed, he might be ranked last. Moreover, after the assessment, the Origin Source Law stone inscriptions would be distributed. Luo Zheng being the last to pick would definitely have some influence.
Luo Zheng couldn't care less about that now!
The Lightning Wind Dark Divine Sword in his hand danced faster and faster, and the sword intent also became sharper and sharper.
"Sou!"
In a moment of carelessness, the sword intent lingering on the sword suddenly shot out. After shattering dozens of white sword shadows, it directly entered the desert nearby, leaving a small crack!
After losing the sword intent, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't resist the white sword shadows. Before he could condense a new sword intent, the white sword shadows once again drowned Luo Zheng …
After a short period of fainting, Luo Zheng turned over and stood up. This time, he became braver and braver as he continued …
After two hours, Luo Zheng only needed three strokes to shatter the white sword shadows!
After another two hours, Luo Zheng only needed two strokes to shatter the white sword shadows!
After six hours, Luo Zheng didn't faint again. No matter how many white sword shadows there were, they couldn't break through the sword flowers he formed. No matter how many came, Luo Zheng could shatter them all!
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was completely unable to control his sword intent. Although he tried his best to control the sword intent on the sword, every time he condensed a new sword intent, it wouldn't take more than three breaths of time for the sword intent to explode!
However, at this time, the white sword shadows were no longer able to devour his sword intent. If the white sword shadows were still able to devour his sword shadows, then Luo Zheng would have been seriously injured, if not dead.
However, he couldn't control his own sword intent. This was something that gave Luo Zheng a headache. In three breaths of time, he could slash out hundreds of times, but after three breaths of time, he had to quickly condense a new sword intent. Under this repeated process, the Primal Chaos Qi in his body was consumed at an extremely fast rate!
If his dantian was still filled with True Essence, then he might have already replenished it with over a thousand top-grade True Essence Stones. Fortunately, it was Primal Chaos Qi. He only needed to take out a little bit each time and it was just enough!
To the side, Old Chen and Old Xu were already staring blankly at Luo Zheng's sword practice. They remained motionless for several hours.
Although they couldn't understand what was happening in front of them, they could faintly feel that something was about to happen ….
No matter what it was, they didn't want to miss anything. If this boy were to reveal the secret of Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword, then they could act according to the circumstances!
About an hour after Luo Zheng continued to shatter the white sword shadows, Luo Zheng stood still. The sword intent in his hand suddenly shot out, but he didn't condense a new sword intent. This was because the large characters on the boulder no longer shot out sword shadows ….
"What's going on? Are there no more?" Luo Zheng curiously stared at the large characters. "Could it be that there aren't enough? I don't even know how many white sword shadows I've shattered! "
In these several hours, one sword shadow after another had been shattered in front of Luo Zheng. The number was naturally difficult to calculate.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that in these several hours, Luo Zheng had already shattered 9.96 million white sword shadows.
In the past, Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had used a sword to carve these characters, leaving behind a sharp sword intent that could pierce the heart. And what pierced the heart of a martial artist were these white sword shadows!
Originally, there were nine million nine hundred and ninety thousand white sword phantoms, but in the past several million years, countless cultivators had come here to meditate. Although they weren't able to see the white sword phantoms like Luo Zheng, there were still some people who had accidentally broken them!
Thus, there were some people who had inadvertently shattered a white sword shadow, causing the other white sword shadows to attack them, causing them to faint! It was just that there were too few of them. Even if there were people who noticed, they would only think that they couldn't withstand the 'piercing' pain. Instead, they would be ridiculed by others …
Now, Luo Zheng had shattered all of the white sword shadows, and Luo Zheng's sword intent had already reached the pinnacle! This was a sword intent that he couldn't control, but the power contained within this sword intent was also extremely sharp!
"It seems that Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword made such an arrangement in order to temper his sword intent. The question is, what is the purpose of tempering such a strange sword intent?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
And at this time, Xun also left Luo Zheng's body and stood beside him.
Xun was also sizing up her own body …
Besides her sword intent becoming so sharp that she couldn't control it, her sword spirit body had also undergone earth-shaking changes.
Originally, a sword spirit was an illusion. Although Xun looked exactly the same as an ordinary person, if one looked carefully, they would be able to see some differences. Like a reflection in water, it still had a somewhat fleeting feeling. If there was a strong light, it could even penetrate Xun's body and shine through.
But now, if Xun didn't tell the other party that she was a sword spirit body, one wouldn't be able to see the difference at all. The body that the sword spirit had transformed into was exactly the same as a real body!
Elegant black hair, snow-white skin, everything was vivid and lifelike. It was no different from an ordinary body, appearing incomparably solid.
Xun slightly raised her wrist, her slender fingers lightly brushing against her arm. She tilted her head and smiled faintly, "The feeling of this sword spirit body seems to have become real! When I control this Sword Spirit Body, my strength will also increase greatly. "
Before she found a new body, she still liked to rely on Luo Zheng's body. Or it could be said that her motivation to find a new body wasn't that strong!
In the depths of Xun's heart, perhaps she thought that accompanying Luo Zheng's side was also a kind of good home!
Luo Zheng indifferently sized up Xun. Under the contrast of her pitch-black hair and snow-white face, his heart palpitated. However, he once again turned his face to the huge rock.
It seemed that there was no way to solve the mystery left behind by the Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword.
After spending a few hours, being able to strengthen the sword spirit to this extent could be considered a good harvest. As for solving the mystery of the Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, it was something that could only be encountered and not sought. He wouldn't be obsessed with it.
Since the Torch Flame Inheritance had already begun, Luo Zheng didn't delay any longer. He directly flew to the side of the huge rock.
Not long after Luo Zheng left, the two Divine Realm warriors, Old Chen and Old Xu, were still staring blankly at the big words on the rock. At this moment, a slight cracking sound suddenly came from one of the big words. A crack appeared on that big word!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1051
The two of them had mixed feelings about this.
They found that the sharp sword intent on the words had completely disappeared.
The root of the problem must be Luo Zheng …
However, they didn't dare to stop Luo Zheng and force him to tell the truth. Besides, Luo Zheng probably didn't know what the truth was.
Therefore, they could only watch as Luo Zheng left, while they continued to stare at the words on the boulder in a daze ….
After losing the sharp sword intent, although these words were exactly the same as before, they had already lost their charm. Even the strokes that were carved were no longer sharp.
If someone had said that this poem was carved by a Heavenly Venerate, everyone would have nodded! Only a Heavenly Venerate could carve such sharp words.
If others saw it now, they would probably think that it was carved by an ordinary craftsman.
"That kid took away the spirituality of these words … What's going on?" Old Chen said with a stupefied face.
Old Xu shook his head, his face full of disinterest.
Under such circumstances, a crack suddenly appeared on one of the words. How could the two of them not be surprised?
This boulder had been here for countless years and had never been damaged by anyone. Now that a crack had appeared, wasn't this a huge anomaly?
The two of them looked at each other, their faces full of excitement …
Compared to the past million years, they were the last of the countless martial artists that had persisted until the end. Perhaps what was happening in front of them was a turning point in their destiny!
…
Luo Zheng didn't know that cracks had appeared on the words after he left.
When Luo Zheng arrived at his destination, he saw a magnificent ancient building. These ancient buildings had stood there for countless years …
Yun Luo and dozens of others were waiting here.
"Yun Luo, there is still one person in the Misty Cloud Palace who hasn't returned. It has been several hours. If he still doesn't come, I will seal the Clear Growth Pond!" An old man in linen robes said impatiently.
The inheritance of the Torch Flame was a great fortune for any warrior in the Thirteen Palaces. However, someone still hadn't come. He didn't know what they were waiting for, so the old man in linen robes was naturally angry.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Wait a little longer."
After she finished speaking, a tall woman dressed in green sneered and said, "Hehe, Yun Luo is really influential. If it were any other palace master, I'm afraid the Clear Growth Pool would have been closed long ago!"
The Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance had rushed over from the Thirteen Great Worlds to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. The green-clothed woman was the Palace Master of the "Sorrow Heavenly Palace".
The green-clothed woman was actually right. The old man in linen clothes was not a patient person, and he hated people who were late the most. Normally, not to mention being late by so many hours, even if it was only 30 minutes, the old man in linen clothes would not show any mercy and would directly close the Clear Growth Pool. How could he give this latecomer a chance to participate in the Torch Flame inheritance?
However, Yun Luo was the daughter of a Celestial Venerable and had a high status, so she patiently left a back door for the late guy …
At this time, another cultivator also said to Yun Luo, "Actually, it doesn't matter if one person is missing. Why do you doubt this cultivator, Yun Luo? Could it be that he really has something special? "
In one Heavenly Palace, there were hundreds of people participating in the Torch Flame inheritance. When these Palace Masters saw that Yun Luo insisted on waiting for Luo Zheng, they were very interested in Luo Zheng's identity. They wanted to see what this little guy who could make so many half-step Realm Lords wait for him looked like!
Yun Luo curled her lips. From the bottom of her heart, she had high hopes for Luo Zheng. However, since she knew that Luo Zheng was a fateless person, she would not interfere with Luo Zheng's thoughts and let him do as he pleased. She just did not know if he had any results from comprehending the words of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword.
"That's right, Yun Luo. Why is that little guy so late? Shouldn't he come with you? " Another person asked, "You want us to wait for a little guy? Isn't that unreasonable?"
According to the rules, everyone who entered the Torch Flame inheritance land would be sealed off. Now that Luo Zheng had not come, it could not be sealed off. How could the Palace Masters of Tang Tang Heavenly Palace not be annoyed when they were delayed by a little guy?
"Hehe, that little guy should be comprehending the poem of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword! He might even need to comprehend it for a few thousand years! "said Xu Can, the Vice Palace Master of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Hearing Xu Can's words, many of the Palace Masters had strange expressions on their faces as they all stared at Yun Luo.
These Palace Masters were very clear about the mystery of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. Whether it was a scam or not, they would not express their opinions for the time being. However, any cultivator who was slightly smarter would not waste their entire life on it!
"Haha, I didn't expect Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace to have such a stupid little guy. He actually believed in Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's mystery? "laughed a Palace Master.
One of the Palace Masters sneered and said to Yun Luo, "You won't really make us wait for a thousand years, right?"
This was, of course, a sarcastic remark that was very harsh to Yun Luo's ears. Facing the urging of many Palace Masters, Yun Luo could only send a sound transmission to Luo Zheng again. However, before she could speak, a figure rushed over from the horizon. It was none other than Luo Zheng.
After seeing Luo Zheng arrive, Yun Luo let out a sigh of relief and said, "He's already here."
"Whoosh!"
After Luo Zheng landed, he cupped his hands towards Yun Luo and said, "Sorry for making you wait for so long!"
Yun Luo nodded slightly, but before she could say anything, the old man in plain clothes said, "Long wait? Humph, you're not qualified to make us wait for so long! "
His tone was very unfriendly. However, Luo Zheng was indeed late, so he didn't say anything. Speaking of which, the old man's words weren't wrong. He was just a little guy in Life and Death realm, so he wasn't qualified to make these big shots wait for so long.
The other Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters also frowned as they stared at Luo Zheng. They didn't expect that after waiting for so long, a little guy in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm would come. Was there really no one else in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace that could make up the numbers with this little guy? Or was it because this little guy had some kind of background?
"Since you're here, quickly enter the Clear Growth Pool," Yun Luo said in a low voice, "The others have already entered the inheritance ground for several hours. You're already behind …"
Luo Zheng nodded, then looked in the direction Yun Luo was pointing and saw a round pool.
This pool was filled with clear water, so clear that one could see the bottom. The aura emitted from this pool reminded Luo Zheng of the Ascension Well he had stayed in before …
Everyone was urging him. Luo Zheng didn't want to make things difficult for Yun Luo, so he didn't ask any more questions. His figure suddenly flashed, and he jumped into the Clear Growth Pool! However, the moment Luo Zheng jumped in, he found that the water in the pool wasn't as simple as it looked. The resistance of the water was much greater than Luo Zheng had imagined.
After jumping in, his whole body floated on the surface of the Clear Growth Pool, and he couldn't sink at all.
Seeing this, Yun Luo said, "You can sink. This Clear Growth Pool can clear your soul for a short time, and double your comprehension!"
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces had a round of competition after passing through the Clear Growth Pool!
The buoyancy of the Clear Growth Pool was great. The Clear Growth Pool in front of him was only twenty feet wide and twenty feet deep. If the Clear Growth Pool was expanded countless times, even a mountain range wouldn't be able to sink!
Many martial artists of the Heavenly Palaces took pride in sinking to the bottom in order to show their strength!
However, it was not easy to sink to the bottom of the Clear Growth Pool. Most of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces couldn't sink to the bottom, and most of them only stopped in the middle …
Of course, the Thirteen Palaces never lacked powerful martial artists. For example, Ai Anxin, Xue Muyang, and other martial artists naturally sank to the bottom. In addition, more than ten martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces also sank to the bottom.
In fact, it didn't matter whether they sank to the bottom or not. This was just a way for the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces to compete with each other.
"Little guy, you can try and see how deep you can sink," a Palace Master said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Luo Zheng glanced at Yun Luo. Was it important to know how deep he could sink?
Seeing that Yun Luo didn't speak, Luo Zheng didn't bother to pay attention to her. He just turned his body and dived into the Clear Growth Pool. However, he just soaked himself in it and didn't dive to the bottom of the pool.

Chapter 1052
The Clear Sage Pool was a small measure to measure the strength of the Thirteen Palaces.
In the past few hours, thousands of cultivators had jumped into the Clear Sage Pool one after another, each displaying their Divine Abilities.
Entering the Clear Sage Pond was originally a highlight of every Torch Flame inheritance. Many Palace Masters had told their martial artists to try their best to perform better.
Among the Thirteen Palaces, Ai Anxin from the Cloud Mist Palace was the fastest and easiest to reach the bottom of the pool.
In just a breath's time, she had silently sunk to the bottom of the pool. The resistance of the pool water didn't seem to be an obstacle to her.
Luo Zheng was also from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, and he had arrived late. Yet, his performance was already so bad …
Ignoring the fact that Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength, just by floating at this depth, he could only be ranked low among the Thirteen Palaces. Don't wait!
"I thought he was some kind of super genius. I've waited for nothing!"
"I believe in the secrets left behind by the Glorious Sword Empyrean. How smart can this guy be?"
"Alright, we can seal the Torch Flame Inheritance path!"
"I still want to see how much the little guys in my palace have comprehended!"
Some palace masters were very dissatisfied.
Those voices passed through the Clear Sage Pool to Luo Zheng's ears. His face was calm. At this moment, he noticed Yun Luo staring at him and smiled at her.
Therefore, the two laughed at the same time, although they didn't know what the other was laughing at …
After soaking in the Clear Sage Pool, Luo Zheng felt refreshed. His thoughts were much faster.
After Luo Zheng left the Clear Sage Pool, the old man clapped his hands and a huge "Seal" word appeared in the sky!
When the word "seal" appeared, it isolated the Orange Sea Realm. It was as if it had become an independent space within the range of the word!
"What a powerful move." Luo Zheng was slightly shocked when he saw the old man make a move.
The old man should be a half step Sector Lord or even a Sector Lord. Luo Zheng was naturally amazed by the great ability displayed by such a cultivation level.
After sealing off the Torch Flame Inheritance Path, Luo Zheng followed the crowd into a square. In this square, there were a few lonely square stones placed there!
These stones were about two feet long and were engraved with densely packed words the size of mosquitoes.
At the end of the plaza, there were thousands of warriors sitting at one side. They were all holding square stone engravings in their hands. They were lowering their heads to comprehend the contents of the stone engravings.
"You, choose a stone engraving yourself! Sit there and comprehend it! "The old man said coldly....
Luo Zheng had left an extremely bad impression on the linen-clothed old man, so the old man naturally didn't have a good tone.
At this time, Yun Luo glanced at the lonely stone inscriptions on the square and said to Luo Zheng, "The easy stone inscriptions should have been taken away. I'm afraid that the remaining stone inscriptions will be very difficult …"
There were thousands of stone engravings in the plaza. The stone engravings were all different in difficulty. The remaining stone engravings were naturally the leftovers of others.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked into the plaza. His gaze swept across the stone engravings …
His gaze flashed. "Isn't the power of law recorded on these stone engravings?"
Luo Zheng walked towards one of the stone engravings and looked at it carefully.
"This is the fourth level of the metal law …" Luo Zheng had comprehended three levels of the other eight laws, but he hadn't comprehended the fourth level.
However, it wasn't that Luo Zheng couldn't find the fourth level of the laws to comprehend. It was just that he didn't have enough time.
After reaching the fourth level, even though Luo Zheng had been baptized by the laws, it still took him a lot of time and effort to comprehend it.
"No, it's not pure metal law!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This square stone carving had a total of six sides, and the center of each side contained the power of a Law. Naturally, the six sides recorded the power of six Laws!
The place where the six types of law intersected was where the two types of law merged …
"Comprehend six types of law at once?" Luo Zheng was very curious. What was the test of this Torch Inheritance?
No matter what, Luo Zheng held the stone engraving in his hand and walked to one side of the plaza, preparing to sit down in a corner.
Unexpectedly, when he walked over, Ai Anxin suddenly waved at Luo Zheng and said loudly, "Luo Zheng, over here!"
Her voice was suddenly bright and pleasant, but the thousands of warriors on one side of the plaza were silent. They were all focused on comprehending the stone engraving in their hands. Wouldn't such a loud voice disturb them?
Ai Anxin's character was like this. When she first entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, she directly used the Tiger Roar Token. How could she have considered the feelings of the many warriors in the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace?
However, her performance in the Clear Growth Pool had attracted the attention of all the young cultivators in the Thirteen Palaces. This woman's performance in the Clear Growth Pool was the most outstanding. She could be said to be the biggest competitor in the Torch Flame inheritance.
In private, many warriors had already inquired about Ai Anxin's identity and heard some of her origins. Coupled with her unparalleled beauty, some male warriors were even more attentive …
Therefore, her loud voice didn't arouse public anger.
Many of the cultivators who had noticed Ai Anxin earlier had noticed that she had left a space beside her, but they didn't know who it was for. Now, everyone understood what was going on.
Therefore, a row of eyes uniformly stared at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's cultivation in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm, they looked at him with disdain, disdain, strangeness, and so on. Anyway, there were all kinds of expressions, but none of them could be called friendly.
There were quite a few Life and Death Realm warriors here, but most of them were at the 9th layer of Life and Death Realm. They all had the chance to break through to the 10th layer of Life and Death Realm. This legendary special realm was not any weaker than those Divine Sea Realm warriors.
As for the fifth layer of Life and Death realm, this kind of cultivation base was ordinary and unremarkable. Why would Ai Anxin leave a space for him?
Luo Zheng felt those unfriendly gazes and felt somewhat innocent. He thought resentfully, 'It's not like I'm the one making a scene. It's as if they're blaming me.'
Therefore, he ignored Ai Anxin and sat down on the spot.
What he didn't expect was that Ai Anxin was also a stubborn person. Seeing Luo Zheng ignore her and sit in a corner, she shouted even louder, "Luo Zheng, come here! I still have some things to ask you! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was even more speechless. He lowered his head and began to comprehend the law on the stone inscription. Previously, he couldn't stay calm because of this woman, so he really didn't have the mood to pay attention to her.
Ai Anxin saw Luo Zheng acting as if he didn't hear her. She actually stood up with her stone inscription in her arms. She bypassed those warriors and crossed more than half of the square, all the way to Luo Zheng's side. Then, she gently lifted her skirt and knelt on the ground, placing the stone inscription next to her. "I'm talking to you. Can't you hear me?"
Luo Zheng said indifferently while comprehending the law on the stone inscription, "I hear you."
"Why don't you answer me?" Ai Anxin didn't let him off easily.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Nothing, I don't want to answer."
"I didn't make you angry!" Ai Anxin saw that Luo Zheng was so perfunctory, but she still didn't let him off easily.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache. He just hoped that this woman wouldn't make a fuss next to him. However, Luo Zheng was never too cold to women. After letting out a sigh, he looked up at Ai Anxin and asked, "Okay, what do you want to ask?"
Ai Anxin rolled her eyes and asked with a smile, "What did you comprehend from the words left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and replied, "Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword hasn't been able to comprehend it for millions of years. What kind of profound mystery can I comprehend?"
"If you didn't comprehend anything, why did you waste so much time?" Ai Anxin continued.
There was no end to it …
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes, "Can you not talk? I still want to comprehend the stone inscription! "
He had already wasted a few hours. Now that Ai Anxin was still asking him questions, Luo Zheng really couldn't stand it anymore!
"Oh …" Ai Anxin said resentfully, "Actually, if you want to comprehend the six laws on the stone inscription, this amount of time isn't enough. However, the law storm is originally the fusion of many laws, so the more you comprehend, the further you can go …"
"Law storm?" Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his head and asked.

Chapter 1053
Ai Anxin's words finally aroused Luo Zheng's curiosity. Instead, a triumphant smile appeared on her face.
She lifted the corners of her mouth and smiled, "Aren't you not going to talk? Do you want to concentrate on comprehending the stone inscriptions? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng glared fiercely at Ai Anxin!
Ai Anxin didn't keep him in suspense. She continued, "The most important part of the Torch Flame inheritance is to move forward in the storm of Laws. And this storm of Laws is the gentle fusion of various Laws in the universe, forming a storm!"
"There are all sorts of Laws?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Ai Anxin nodded, "More or less. But these Laws are extremely fragmented. They are the remnants of the storm of Laws left behind after a battle between two Empyreans in the past. In the end, they were imprisoned in the One Thought Barrier Tower!"
The One Thought Barrier Tower was an enchantment left behind by an Empyrean. It looked like a tower, but in fact, it was an enchantment laid down by an Empyrean.
In the past, several Empyreans took action and caused the entire Orange Sea Realm to fall apart. Because the turbulent flow of Laws couldn't be restrained, the Orange Sea Realm was still a dangerous place. If one wasn't careful, they would be sucked into the turbulent flow of Laws and die without a burial site.
It wasn't until a human Empyrean took action and gathered all the turbulent flow of Laws together and created the One Thought Barrier Tower that the shattered Orange Sea Realm gradually calmed down.
The turbulent flow of Laws slowly evolved in the One Thought Barrier Tower. As it continued to weaken, it formed a storm. The storm's power had weakened by a great deal. In the past several hundred years, it had evolved into a method used to assess the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces.
Hearing Ai Anxin's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood. No wonder the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were asked to comprehend these stone inscriptions. There were six Laws on the six sides of these stone inscriptions, and the storm of Laws was originally a composite of many Source Laws. If one wanted to resist the storm of Laws, they had to comprehend a sufficient number of different Laws.
"So, this is cramming at the last minute! Not to mention forty hours, even if you give me twenty days, it won't be of any use! " Ai Anxin pouted, her face full of pride, "If one wants to go further in the storm of Laws, they have to rely on their own background and accumulation!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently. This woman was both proud and confident in herself …
"Even if it's a last-minute effort, I still have to do it," Luo Zheng said.
"It's useless! You see, I don't need to comprehend this stone inscription. This time, I must get first place and break the record here! "Ai Anxin laughed again." Let's chat! "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "I'm not as confident as you." After saying that, he didn't raise his head, but concentrated on observing the stone inscription in his hand.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was ignoring her again, Ai Anxin's face once again revealed a resentful expression. However, after thinking for a while, she smiled again. She was very confident in herself. She was indeed thinking about how Luo Zheng would react if she still left him behind despite his serious comprehension. What kind of expression would Luo Zheng have at that time?
Luo Zheng didn't know what Ai An was thinking. He stared at the stone inscription and fell into deep thought.
What would happen if the power of six Laws were completely fused together at the same time?
Before this, Luo Zheng had seen the perfect fusion of two Laws. For example, King Yan of the four Divine Kingdoms and Sima Yulong's sword painting technique had perfectly fused the Laws of Metal and the Laws of Wind.
However …
It was very difficult to completely fuse Origin Source Laws with each other.
Some Origin Source Laws were existences that reinforced and restrained each other. For example, the Laws of Fire and the Laws of Water and the Laws of Five Elements were even more powerful …
However, was there really no one in this world who could fuse all the Laws together?
The six Laws on the stone inscription were only fused in pairs, and the fusion wasn't complete!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know how powerful the storm of Laws would be. He couldn't imagine the scene of multiple Laws fusing together, but he could obtain the method of fusing two Laws from the stone inscription.
Soon, Luo Zheng fell into a state of immersion.
Most of the thousands of warriors in the Thirteen Palaces were immersed in the world of Laws like Luo Zheng.
Ai Anxin was bored to death. She even stretched her body. Looking at Luo Zheng's serious expression, she curled her lips and finally picked up the stone inscription in her hand.
The time provided for the various martial artists to comprehend was also only 40 hours.
Luo Zheng was delayed for a few hours in front of the huge stone. Therefore, after more than twenty hours of comprehension, Luo Zheng …
A voice sounded in everyone's ears at the same time.
"Okay, time's up! Everyone can put down the stone inscription in their hands and enter the One Thought Boundary Tower! "The voice belonged to the old man in linen clothes.
The warriors on one side of the square put down the stone inscriptions and quickly got up.
Naturally, everyone was well prepared to participate in this Torch Inheritance. However, some were very confident, while others looked hesitant. There were also some warriors who asked, "What is the reward this time?"
The old man in linen clothes continued indifferently, "The reward this time is a Calamity Annihilation Pill for anyone who crosses a thousand miles!"
"Calamity Annihilation Pill?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
Fortunately, Ai An was talkative and immediately explained, "Calamity Annihilation Pill is a pill that can extinguish the punishment of the Heavenly Dao!"
"Extinguish the Heavenly Tribulation directly?" Luo Zheng asked curiously, "The warriors here shouldn't need the Calamity Annihilation Pill, right?"
For ordinary warriors, the Calamity Annihilation Pill might be incomparably important. For some warriors, it was a true tribulation. If they weren't careful, they could die!
When Luo Zheng crossed the minor Heavenly Tribulation for the first time, he was almost annihilated by the black light.
However, crossing the Heavenly Tribulation was also greatly beneficial to the warrior. The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces were all geniuses of tenth grade Holy Lands. Crossing the Heavenly Tribulation wasn't a bad thing, but a good thing. For example, Ai An, a ninth level Life and Death Realm warrior, was looking forward to the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation!
If the Calamity Annihilation Pill wasn't a good thing for them, it would be a great loss instead.
Ai An smiled faintly and said, "Of course, the Calamity Annihilation Pill can't completely neutralize the Heavenly Tribulation! If so, I don't want it! This Calamity Annihilation Pill can only delay the arrival of the Heavenly Tribulation! In case a warrior is in danger or is seriously injured and can't cross the Heavenly Tribulation, the Calamity Annihilation Pill will naturally come in handy! "
Luo Zheng nodded. This was also true. Back in the Sea God Continent, the Twin Demon Holy Land launched a surprise attack while Liu Yu was out crossing the Heavenly Tribulation. Although Liu Yu succeeded in crossing the Heavenly Tribulation, it was still extremely dangerous.
This Calamity Annihilation Pill could indeed come in handy at a critical moment.
"One Calamity Annihilation Pill for a thousand miles …"
"The reward for this Torch Inheritance seems to be too stingy!"
"And then? Hurry up and say it … "
These warriors participated in the Torch Inheritance for the sake of the rewards. Naturally, they would pay attention to the following rewards.
The old man continued, "Those who can cross three thousand miles will be rewarded with a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact!"
Luo Zheng was somewhat interested in the Calamity Annihilation Pill, but Luo Zheng was somewhat uninterested in the Minor First Grade Divine Artifact …
As for the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces, they were somewhat dissatisfied.
"I heard that there was a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact as a reward for crossing three thousand miles in the Torch Inheritance. This time, it's actually downgraded to a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact …"
"Indeed, the reward this time seems to have been downgraded."
The old man ignored everyone's dissatisfaction and continued, "As for the reward for crossing ten thousand miles, hehe, I'll announce it when someone can cross this boundary!"
Clearly, this guy was keeping them in suspense.
Naturally, everyone was dissatisfied …
The difficulty of advancing through the storm of laws was definitely not low. Not many people could cross a thousand miles!
As for the difficulty of crossing three thousand miles, perhaps only a few dozen people could complete it.
As for the difficulty of crossing ten thousand miles, it was even more unimaginable. The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces doubted whether anyone could complete it. There was no point in announcing the unfairness …
However, although everyone was dissatisfied, no one chose to give up. They knew that the benefits of the Torch Flame inheritance were not limited to this. If they could achieve a good result, they would be valued in the Heavenly Palace, and the resources they would receive would be several times more than now.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1054
Under the linen-robed old man's arrangement, everyone moved forward and entered the One Thought Barrier Tower.
This year, although the Boundary Tower was called a tower, it was actually a huge space that firmly imprisoned the Law Storm within.
The Law Storm continued to wreak havoc, making it seem as if this space was boundless, but in fact, it had a boundary. However, in the deepest part of the One Thought Barrier Tower, there were remnants of the battle between several Heavenly Venerables. The only consequence of being sucked in was dying without a complete corpse.
Of course, that was the depth of a hundred thousand li. It was impossible for the younger generation of the thirteen palaces to reach such a depth.
Several thousand cultivators entered the One Thought Barrier Tower in a single file …
Just as they entered the One Thought Barrier Tower, everyone immediately felt an intense power of law rushing towards them!
"This power of law contains many different kinds of laws!"
Luo Zheng raised his head and gazed ahead. The Law Power before his eyes formed a violent storm that covered almost every corner of the One Thought Barrier Tower.
Even though they had just entered the tower, everyone could feel a powerful pressure. Many of them operated their Protective Zhen Yuan to protect themselves.
Only a few people didn't activate their Protective Zhen Yuan, such as Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Xue Muyang and Ai Anxin, as well as the other super geniuses of the twelve Heavenly Palaces.
As for Luo Zheng … he didn't activate his Protective Zhen Yuan either. It wasn't that he didn't want to, but that he didn't have Zhen Yuan. Although the Primal Chaos Qi had similar characteristics to Zhen Yuan and could be regarded as a strengthened version of Zhen Yuan to a certain extent, it wasn't evenly spread out like Zhen Yuan.
In other words, Luo Zheng hadn't grasped this method.
The martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were recruited from many Great Worlds. They were core existences in any Rank Ten Holy Land. Naturally, they had the intention to compete with Ye Xiwen.
Seeing Xue Muyang, Ai Anxin, and the other cultivators easily adapt to the Law Storm without activating their Protective Zhen Yuan, everyone was naturally convinced.
However, seeing that Luo Zheng, a fifth level Life and Death expert, didn't activate his Protective Zhen Yuan, disdain appeared in everyone's eyes.
"Hold on for now. If you can't hold on for a hundred li, then you'll lose face!"
"Hehe, there's no shortage of people who puff themselves up at their own cost …"
This year, the Spirit Barrier Tower wasn't a competition of speed. After everyone entered the tower, they began to approach the depths of the tower.
In the beginning, the people were still very concentrated, but gradually, the thousands of people formed a long line, and the whole group became scattered.
The storm of laws continued to roar. Occasionally, a few strands of the Law of Fire would condense together and form a fist-sized flame, which would suddenly hit Luo Zheng's body and give him a burning sensation.
Or when several strands of the Laws of Wind collided with each other and formed a few tiny wind blades that swept over.
Luo Zheng's speed was not fast. His gaze was indifferent, but he was quietly sizing up this world filled with all kinds of laws.
The power of these Laws didn't fuse with each other. They only intertwined with each other after being shattered!
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed from the side that several Time Laws had condensed together and turned into a small ball that flew towards him.
He stretched out his hand and gently poked the small ball. The moment his finger drilled into the small ball, its speed suddenly slowed down. However, after Luo Zheng silently operated the Law of Time, he offset the time limit of the Law of Time, and the small ball burst like a soap bubble.
"These Laws are intertwined. There's a very familiar feeling." After Luo Zheng entered the Spirit Barrier Tower, he was somewhat absent-minded. This feeling originated from this familiarity.
But after thinking for a long time, he still couldn't figure out where this sense of familiarity came from …
Ai Anxin had already rushed to the front of the group, and Luo Zheng was now at the tail of the group. There were still some cultivators behind him who sped up and overtook Luo Zheng.
When they passed by Luo Zheng, these cultivators' faces showed surprise.
"This guy didn't use True Essence to protect his body. It's very difficult for him to move forward in this storm of laws. What is he trying to do?" Many people thought so in their hearts.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about the gazes of others. He still maintained his speed and moved forward at a constant speed.
At this cultivation level, the flying speed of cultivators was already extremely fast. If there were no Law Storms, this distance of thousands of miles would probably only take them three hours.
But the further they went, the more terrifying the Law Storms were. Naturally, their speed would be greatly reduced.
Outside the One Thought Spirit Barrier Tower, on the rooftop of an ancient building, many Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters of the Heavenly Palaces were sitting around a large round table, and the linen-clothed old man was sitting in the center of the round table. They were indifferently watching every movement in the tower.
"There are a few little guys who have begun to speed up, hehe." The linen-clothed old man smiled faintly.
A Palace Master smiled faintly and said, "The one rushing at the front seems to be Fang Xiaobing of our Cambrian Heavenly Palace! Hehe, it seems that Fang Xiaobing will be the first in the competition of a thousand miles! "
"What first? It's not a competition of speed. The one who can last the longest will have the last laugh!" Another Palace Master retorted.
The linen-clothed old man smiled faintly and said, "In this time's Torch Flame Inheritance, I think the most highly of that girl!"
After saying that, he pointed into the distance, and the gazes of the Palace Masters fell on Ai Anxin …
"Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace?"
"This girl seems to be called Ai Anxin, right?"
"She does have potential, but it's a little too early to draw this conclusion …"
Ai Anxin was indeed very outstanding, but there were also some super geniuses in the other twelve Heavenly Palaces. They wouldn't be defeated so easily.
The linen-clothed old man shook his head firmly. "You all know that this old man has always been very good at judging people! This Ai Anxin is too outstanding. The degree of her excellence far exceeds that of a genius in the ordinary sense! "
Hearing this, the faces of the other Palace Masters turned a little ugly. After all, the thirteen Heavenly Palaces had always been on par with each other. In each competition of the Torch Flame Inheritance, there might be winners and losers, but the gap between them was not that big.
"This Ai Anxin is Xiao Dao's disciple, and she has the fate of a Battle of the Worlds. It's not surprising that she's so outstanding. In fact, strictly speaking, she's not a cultivator of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace! It must be Xiao Dao's idea to let her participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance! "A Palace Master said faintly.
"I see …"
"The fate of a Battle of the Worlds is monstrous. It's indeed difficult for ordinary geniuses to compete …"
When the other Palace Masters heard this, they heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. After hearing this, they felt a little better in their hearts.
Yun Luo also nodded faintly. "Yes, Ai Anxin is not a cultivator of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
She didn't pin her hopes on Ai Anxin, so her answer was very calm.
At this moment, the linen-clothed old man pointed again and said with a smile, "This kid is actually the last one again!"
Everyone's eyes swept over and found Luo Zheng at the tail.
At present, thousands of cultivators formed a long line, advancing in the storm of Laws. Only Luo Zheng was at the back, and he was the last one to finish. Naturally, he attracted attention.
Several Palace Masters also smiled. This kid was the last cultivator to arrive late, and now he was also the last person in the One Thought Seal Tower. It was indeed strange.
Some of the Palace Masters even glanced at Yun Luo with a hint of mockery in their eyes.
"This kid doesn't use True Essence to protect his body?"
"It's really interesting, but I don't know why he's advancing so slowly!"
Yun Luo's eyes were still indifferent. She believed in Luo Zheng's strength, but she was a little curious. What was Luo Zheng thinking about?
Luo Zheng was still orderly, maintaining his speed. These Law Fragments were extremely messy, and he couldn't comprehend them at all. Of course, he wouldn't comprehend the Origin Source Law here.
And at this moment …
The dozens of cultivators at the front had already advanced a distance of eight hundred miles, and they were beginning to sprint to a thousand miles!
The first to reach the top would not be rewarded, but the linen-clothed old man would announce the names of the top ten cultivators who had rushed over a thousand miles, which was also to win glory for his Heavenly Palace.
Ai Anxin naturally wouldn't fight for any glory for Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, but she was proud, so how could she fall behind others?

Chapter 1055
The long dragon formed by more than four thousand people could be divided into three echelons.
The first echelon only had more than twenty people. At this time, they had already entered the eight hundred kilometer area.
Although the Law Storm in this area was much stronger, it did not pose too much pressure to these super geniuses.
Therefore, they were now scrambling to compete in speed. It was also because of this that after these people entered the One Thought Sealed Tower, they rushed all the way to the one thousand kilometer area …
Right now, the one in first place was a cultivator surnamed Li from Twilight Heavenly Palace. This cultivator surnamed Li was surrounded by a dark Domain. Any Law Fragment that approached him was directly swallowed by the dark Domain. He used this method to rapidly advance. The Law Fragments in the Space Storm could not obstruct him at all. Instead, they became his driving force after being swallowed.
Xue Muyang was ranked second. He was indeed considered a peak existence among the ascenders. He didn't use any tricks to advance in the storm of laws. Instead, he relied on his own strength to advance while staring at the storm of laws. His speed was extremely fast.
"It's already nine hundred kilometers …" She muttered to herself. "One hundred more kilometers." At this point, a smile suddenly appeared on her face. Her figure, which had been rapidly advancing, suddenly stopped in place.
The twenty or so cultivators in the first echelon were not far apart from each other. There was only a one or two kilometer gap between them. Everyone was also pushing their speed to the limit!
Therefore, when Ai Anxin suddenly stopped, the cultivators in the first echelon overtook her in an instant!
In the blink of an eye, Ai Anxin fell from third place to the end of the first echelon.
The cultivators who overtook Ai Anxin also had strange expressions on their faces. They did not know why this woman suddenly stopped.
However, Ai Anxin only paused for a few dozen breaths of time. With a light wave of her wrist, rays of green light blossomed from her back. Under the constant refraction of these rays of light, they finally formed a pair of wings that emitted a green radiance!
Then, with a light flap of her wings, she shot forward agilely.
Sou …
At this speed, Ai Anxin's body and wings left a long trail behind her!
The cultivator surnamed Li's face was filled with excitement. He had already traveled 950 kilometers, and only 50 kilometers was left before he could break through the 1000 kilometer mark.
He did not care about the reward of the Thousand Mile Competition. It was just a Calamity Annihilation Pill. This reward could be obtained by anyone. However, the Dimmed Heavenly Palace that he belonged to had privately promised that if he could obtain the first place in the Thousand Mile Competition, he would be rewarded with an additional first-grade divine artifact!
He wanted to help Sorrow Heavenly Palace reap this glory!
And this glory was right in front of him. It seemed to have come a little too easily …
However, just as he was rushing forward, he suddenly heard a whooshing sound beside his ear. A shadow flashed past his eyes, and his eyes were suddenly dazzled.
"Eh? What was that just now … "
This martial artist surnamed Li hadn't been able to clearly see Ai Anxin's figure. After all, under the devastation of this storm of Laws, everyone's field of vision had been compressed to an extremely small range. He thought that the movement just now had been caused by a storm.
After a few breaths, the crowd heard the old man's voice.
"The first cultivator to break through the 1000 kilometer mark is Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace's Ai Anxin!"
Hearing this, the cultivator surnamed Li froze, his face filled with disbelief. "This, this … what's going on?"
Outside the Sealed Tower, the old man and the many Palace Masters stared at the wings on Ai Anxin's back. Their eyes were also filled with shock.
"That's the Nimble Azure Wind Wings!"
"This girl can control this pair of wings in the Life and Death realm …"
"Nimble Azure Wind Wings … Doesn't she need to cultivate the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo in her Dantian? She's only in the Life and Death realm and hasn't opened her Divine Sea. How can she cultivate it in her body? "
The Nimble Azure Wind Wings were not something that humans could possess. It was the ability of a special creature in the storm, the Azure Wind Spirit!
Those who possessed these wings could Ao Xiang a thousand kilometers in the blink of an eye …
However, the Azure Wind Spirit was not an ordinary creature. Cultivators could not inherit or obtain their bloodline!
However, in order to become stronger and faster, every cultivator would rack their brains. In the end, someone came up with a method, which was to capture the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo and find a way to place it in her Dantian. Through Zhen Yuan cultivation, hatching, and gradually controlling it …
This method was extremely dangerous, and the cost was also extremely high. Moreover, if there was even the slightest mistake, the Dantian would be implicated by the Dark Embryo, turning the cultivator into a cripple!
In the universe, there were very few cultivators who could not capture the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo, and those who could successfully cultivate it were even fewer. Even if they succeeded, they would at least be Extreme God experts, or even higher.
They just could not figure out how Ai Anxin could obtain the Nimble Azure Wind Wings at the ninth level of Life and Death realm.
After Ai Anxin rushed over a thousand miles, she stopped and turned around to look. She had already left everyone far behind, and her face revealed a faint look of indifference.
"There's no challenge at all. I wonder what's Luo Zheng's rank now? That guy definitely won't fight for first place … "Even if she obtained first place in the 1000 kilometer mark, Ai Anxin did not let down her guard. Her premonition was always easy to verify. The competition between her and Luo Zheng was still to come!
Four hundred kilometers away, Luo Zheng was still flying forward at a neither fast nor slow pace. When he heard the old man's voice, a smile appeared on his face.
The first echelon had already crossed the 1000 kilometer mark. The second echelon's cultivators were concentrated between seven and eight hundred kilometers, while the third echelon's cultivators were between five hundred and six hundred kilometers.
Luo Zheng could not even catch up with the third echelon's tail.
"If I can't figure it out, then I won't think about it …" Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head, emptying his mind of thoughts, and increased his speed.
The intensity of the storm of laws in the first 1000 kilometer mark did not fluctuate too much.
After the time it took for two incense sticks to burn, Luo Zheng finally crossed the 1000 kilometer mark.
At this time, all the cultivators in the third echelon had also crossed this mark. He was still the last one.
When Luo Zheng broke through the 1000 kilometer mark, he felt that the storm of laws seemed to have become stronger …
"This storm of laws should also be circular, and now we should be approaching the center." This reminded Luo Zheng of the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea.
However, the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea was purely a storm formed by the law of wind, not the chaotic power of laws in front of him. However, although this storm of laws was a little stronger, it still did not put too much pressure on Luo Zheng!
Outside the Sealed Tower, the plain-clothed old man said indifferently, "Three thousand miles is a threshold. At this distance, many little fellows should be eliminated!"
A Palace Master next to him nodded. "After crossing the 1000 kilometer mark, some of the power of laws will condense. The strength of the Law Spirit formed will not be weak. Let's see how these little guys deal with it."
"What about the last little guy? Is he still the last one? "A Palace Master laughed.
"Yes, this little guy is really a little strange. He's already crossed the 1000 kilometer mark but he still hasn't used his true essence to protect his body. Does he plan on not using his true essence to protect his body?" Another Palace Master smiled.
In fact, these Palace Masters also discovered that Luo Zheng was a little special.
Of course, this wasn't a compliment. Rather, they felt that Luo Zheng was a little strange …
Their thoughts were still focused on the martial artists in their own palaces. The first place in the 1000 kilometer mark had already been taken away by Ai Anxin. Now, it was time to compete in endurance. Who would be able to travel the furthest in this storm of laws?
In the vast and boundless storm of laws, many genius martial artists were struggling to move forward. Besides the martial artists in the first echelon, many of the martial artists in the second echelon had slowed down by a great deal.
From time to time, an extremely powerful Fire Spirit would drill out from the storm and try to swallow a martial artist.
It might also shoot out a black wind blade …

Chapter 1056
Everyone's speed slowed down, but Luo Zheng maintained a steady speed. He slowly caught up with the main group.
Not long after, he finally overtook a martial artist, followed by a second, a third, and a fourth …
The martial artists at the back were probably not strong enough, so their speed could not keep up. Some of them even had the intention of giving up when faced with the fierce storm of laws.
After all, everyone had different goals. Some martial artists knew that their strength was limited, so they were satisfied with just one Calamity Annihilation Pill.
However, there were also some martial artists who gritted their teeth and persevered even though they were not strong enough. They knew that they could not surpass the threshold of 3,000 li, but they wanted to challenge themselves and not others! The mentality of these martial artists was rare and commendable!
Amidst the storm of Laws, a strange space suddenly formed. A cultivator inadvertently entered this space but was bound by this space. It was too late for that cultivator to escape. But at this time, a sharp black wind blade appeared in front of him and shot straight towards him, cutting off his arm from his shoulder …
A martial artist inadvertently triggered a fluctuation of laws and was surrounded by scarlet flames. At the same time, beams of fierce golden light shrouded him, and a few holes appeared on his body …
After crossing 1,000 li, this situation kept happening. Martial artists kept getting injured and could only give up midway.
The speed of the martial artists in the third and second echelon also dropped sharply. Every martial artist advanced cautiously.
However, the speed of the martial artists in the first echelon was still not to be underestimated!
The martial artists in the first echelon were the elites of the Thirteen Palaces. They were also the elites of the younger generation in the 3,000 Great Realms.
Moreover, they were basically martial artists who had unleashed the Nine-leaf Lotus Flower!
Whether it was their mentality, perseverance, talent, or luck, they were far from what ordinary martial artists could compare to!
Therefore, the distance between the martial artists in the first echelon and the second echelon was widening …
When the martial artists in the second echelon reached 1,700 li, Ai Anxin, who was the leader of the first echelon, had already broken through 2,000 li.
As for the third echelon, they had just reached 1,500 li.
Currently, Luo Zheng was already in the middle of the third echelon as he continued to overtake them.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Spears of ice suddenly appeared in the storm of Laws, shrouding down on Luo Zheng not too far away!
And in front of Luo Zheng, there was a warrior, who happened to be in the middle. That warrior's face revealed a trace of fear. Just as he wanted to escape, he found that his speed had become extremely slow! He was shrouded in a cage formed by the Laws of Time! Although his speed was not slow, under the hundred times time law, his speed was reduced to 1% of his original speed. It was impossible for him to dodge the ice spears above his head!
If one was pierced by these ice spears, the result was obvious. Even if one didn't die on the spot, they would be seriously injured!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and he traversed a distance of several tens of meters and arrived by the side of the cultivator!
The laws of time …
With a thought, Luo Zheng operated the Law of Time.
The Laws of Time and Space were rather special. When comprehended together, they could cancel each other out.
After breaking the cage of the Laws of Time, Luo Zheng pulled that warrior away, and those sharp ice spears nailed to the ground …
That warrior was scared out of his wits by the scene just now, but after being rescued by Luo Zheng, his face naturally revealed a look of gratitude. "Thank you for saving me!"
Luo Zheng nodded faintly. Without stopping, he maintained his speed and continued to move forward.
The number of people eliminated by the storm of Laws continued to increase …
Especially the warriors in the third echelon. Just like that warrior, if it weren't for Luo Zheng, he would have been eliminated.
There were about three thousand warriors in the third echelon. After crossing a thousand miles, more than a thousand of them had been eliminated.
As for the second echelon, there were more than a thousand warriors, and more than three hundred of them had been eliminated!
As for the super geniuses in the first echelon, none of them had been eliminated!
"This year's performance is not bad. The elimination rate is much lower. In the past, there were only seven or eight warriors in the first echelon. This time, there are more than twenty people, more than three times!" The old man in linen clothes smiled with satisfaction.
"Since the Great Era is about to begin, these young geniuses will naturally appear at the same time. It's not just our Thirteen Palaces. The other forces in the alliance, the human race, and the other races should be the same!" Another Palace Master replied. "That's right.
The white-robed old man nodded. "If that's the case, the Torch Flame Inheritance should be breaking the previous record?"
In this One Thought Seal Tower, the best record of the younger generation of genius warriors was 18,000 miles!
A Palace Master shook his head and said with a smile, "I'm afraid you're dreaming if you want to break the 18,000-mile record of Celestial Venerable Huan Hai. However, other than the first place record, there's a high chance that the second place record can be broken this time!"
Celestial Venerable Huan Hai was the warrior who used four hours to adapt to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in the upper realm!
In the past, he had also participated in this Torch Flame Inheritance. When he entered the One Thought Seal Tower, he had created a jaw-dropping record of 18,000 miles.
At that time, Celestial Venerable Huan Hai's cultivation base was only at the ninth level of the Life and Death Realm.
Why was 18,000 miles so jaw-dropping?
Because before that, the best result of the younger generation of martial artists was only twelve thousand miles!
With the appearance of Celestial Venerable Huan Hai, he had increased it by 6,000 miles. This result was too terrifying. Since then, no one had broken this record!
Afterwards, there were also some extremely monstrous martial artists that broke through 12,000 miles and reached 14,000 miles. This result was also the second place result of the Sealed Tower!
"Right, I also think that Ai Anxin might be able to break through 14,000 miles!" Another Palace Master said.
Yun Luo was a little absent-minded about everyone's discussion …
Her eyes were still focused on Luo Zheng. Although he was still in the third echelon, he had slowly come to the front of the third echelon. It would not be long before he entered the second echelon.
Many Palace Masters were only concerned about the genius warriors in the first echelon. They naturally did not notice that the little guy who had fallen on the tail was advancing at a steady speed and had already surpassed many people.
Not long after, the first echelon warriors finally broke through the 3,000 mile stage, and the white-robed old man once again announced the top ten names.
Ai Anxin was still in first place. She was worthy of being the focus of this Torch Flame Inheritance. In addition, Ai Anxin's identity was quite special. Although she participated in the Torch Flame Inheritance in the name of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, the Palace Masters did not treat her as a warrior of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Therefore, many Palace Masters were full of praise for Ai Anxin.
"This woman is definitely going to be the tide of this great era …."
"I think so too. Sigh, Xiao Daolai has a discerning eye!"
"…"
However, Ai Anxin's face was still dull. After crossing the 3,000 mile stage, she took a break. It was impossible to compete in speed between the 3,000 mile stage and the 10,000 mile stage, so she was not in a hurry. However, she curled the corners of her mouth and looked behind her. Luo Zheng had not come up yet!
The warrior in second place was not the warrior surnamed Li from Mourning Heavenly Palace, but Xue Muyang!
This ascender who admired Yun Luo held his breath and surpassed the warrior surnamed Li with his great perseverance, becoming the second warrior to cross the 3,000 mile stage!
After he crossed, he looked at the vast and boundless storm of Nomological Laws and shouted in his heart, "Yun Luo, do you see this? I will definitely grow to the point where I can match you!"
Third place …
Fourth place …
The entire first echelon of warriors, after crossing the 3,000 mile stage, slowed down one after another!
There was still a long way to go. The 10,000 mile stage was a huge hurdle, and it was not easy to cross this hurdle!
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally left the third echelon and entered the second echelon. When he entered the second echelon, the second echelon had also crossed the 3,000 mile range. However, the original 1,000 people in the second echelon were now reduced to a mere 300 people. 70% of the warriors had been eliminated.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1057
In the One Thought Seal Tower, three thousand miles was a big hurdle.
None of the warriors in the first echelon were eliminated, while 70% of the warriors in the second echelon were eliminated.
As for the warriors in the third echelon, it was even more tragic. 90% of them were eliminated. Out of more than three thousand warriors, only three hundred passed this hurdle.
However, the warriors who were able to pass three thousand miles were already proud enough. They could be nurtured as seeds of the entire alliance. The reward of a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact seemed somewhat insignificant.
After three thousand miles, the warriors in the first echelon slowed down, and so did the warriors in the second and third echelon.
As for Luo Zheng, he still maintained his speed.
If someone was paying attention to Luo Zheng, they would find that Luo Zheng's speed had not changed at all from the beginning until now.
Moreover, he still did not use True Essence to protect his body. He only relied on his physical body to face the Law Storm all the way here.
However, from the beginning to the end, only Yun Luo had poured Luo Zheng into her body.
Not long after, someone finally found Luo Zheng.
After the linen-clothed old man glanced at the warriors in the first echelon, he looked all the way back and found that there was something wrong with the warriors in the front of the second echelon.
"Huh?" The linen-clothed old man's eyes flashed. "This little guy didn't activate his True Essence Protection!"
When he looked over, he was stunned. "Isn't this the guy who was late? Hasn't he been hanging on the tail all this time? How did he climb to the second echelon unknowingly? And he even passed three thousand miles? "
Three thousand miles was not a big deal in the eyes of the linen-clothed old man.
However, Luo Zheng's previous performance was so bad that he almost forgot about this little guy. If Luo Zheng had not used his True Essence Protection, he was afraid that he still would not have noticed Luo Zheng.
However, this guy had been hanging on the tail all this time. Now, he suddenly appeared here strangely as if he had teleported. The linen-clothed old man was naturally surprised.
"Is this the little guy who fell on the tail and refused to use his True Essence Protection?" A Palace Master also remembered.
"That's him! How interesting! Unknowingly, this little fellow is already at the front of the second tier! "
"It's a bit strange. At this stage of 3000 miles, he still hasn't opened his protective true essence. He is very confident in his own strength!"
"Hehe, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace has a few interesting guys this time. Let's not talk about Ai Anxin, the guy who is ranked second is also from Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!"
Many Palace Masters also focused their gazes on Luo Zheng. Every one of them was filled with interest!
"I'd like to see if this fellow plans on not using his protective Zhen Yuan all the time."
In truth, protective true essence was only a method that a martial artist used to protect themselves. This method might be useful within 3000 miles, but outside of 3000 miles, protective true essence wasn't very effective. This was unless a martial artist cultivated a special cultivation method, such as an Earth Laws martial artist …
"Look at his speed. He's much faster than the other martial artists. It won't be long before he enters the first echelon!"
"This kid has hidden himself quite well …"
Since the linen-clothed old man mentioned it, these Palace Masters began to comment. Although everyone was surprised, they still weren't optimistic about Luo Zheng's achievements.
In the later stages of the Sealed Tower, in addition to strength, one also had to rely on one's perception and ability to respond …
The martial artists who were able to safely cross three thousand miles all had their own magical abilities. But even so, the speed of elimination was still accelerating.
After 4000 miles, no one in the first echelon had been eliminated. Half of the second echelon had been eliminated, and two-thirds of the third echelon had been eliminated …
5000 miles …
6000 miles …
7000 miles …
Luo Zheng had already crossed the second echelon and caught up with the last person in the first echelon!
At this time, the Law Storm had risen another level!
Ice spears, wind blades, earth spikes, time cages, and so on that would occasionally appear before were now everywhere. If one wasn't careful, they would appear from a certain angle.
Every martial artist was fully prepared to deal with these troubles, and Luo Zheng was no exception!
"Sou sou sou –"
All of a sudden, countless spikes grew out of the ground! Although these spikes were condensed from rocks, their surface was golden, and their sharpness was comparable to that of a Sacred Tool!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a barracuda, constantly swimming among the spikes. The moment Luo Zheng avoided these spikes, countless ice spikes burst out from the spikes, completely sealing off Luo Zheng's escape route.
After a breath, the surrounding ground suddenly trembled, and all the ice spikes were shattered by a huge force in an instant. Luo Zheng's slightly thin figure appeared again, and he continued to move forward at a moderate speed!
"This brat really has some skills!"
"His strength and body seem to be quite tyrannical …"
"His strength is qualified to enter the first echelon!"
Now that Luo Zheng had caught up with the first echelon, he naturally attracted the attention of some Palace Masters. As for Yun Luo, her expression was still indifferent. In her opinion, Luo Zheng's achievements were simply insignificant. Now was not the time to pay attention to him.
At 8000 miles, a martial artist in the first echelon was finally eliminated. This was also the first martial artist in the first echelon to be eliminated.
At this time, there were less than ten martial artists left in the second echelon! As for the third echelon, they had been completely annihilated, and not a single person had reached 8000 miles!
Now, the more than 4000 martial artists that had entered The Seal Pagoda had returned to the square, watching the situation in the pagoda. After being eliminated, they could only be reduced to temporary spectators!
Ai Anxin could be said to be far ahead. Of the remaining 30 or so martial artists, most of them had just broken through 8000 miles. Ai Anxin had already reached the distance of 9500 miles. With another 500 miles, she would cross 10,000 miles!
When she reached the distance of 9800 miles, she turned her head and looked at the endless storm of Laws. She faintly said, "You can't be eliminated, right? If you were eliminated, you wouldn't be qualified to be my opponent … "
After saying that, she turned her head again. The green wings on her back flapped gently, and she quickly flew through the storm of Laws …
"The first martial artist to cross 10,000 miles, Ai Anxin of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!" When she crossed 10,000 miles, the old man's voice rang out again.
The warriors in the square were also discussing among themselves.
"10,000 miles, Ai Anxin has crossed the distance of 10,000 miles!"
"Didn't they say that the reward for crossing 10,000 miles would be announced? Why haven't they announced it yet? "
"She's too strong. How could a woman crush so many men like us?"
The old man continued to announce, "The martial artist who crosses 10,000 miles will receive a Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
As soon as the old man's voice fell, the eliminated martial artists in the square suddenly became excited.
"Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
"How could there be such a good thing!"
"Oh my god, if I had known, I would have risked my life to persevere!"
This Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could trigger the Heavenly Tribulation! It was similar to the Calamity Flower that Luo Zheng swallowed in the four Divine Kingdoms!
However, the Calamity Flower increased the number of Life and Death Tribulations to nine!
Many martial artists in the Upper Realm didn't need to swallow the Calamity Flower. With their talent, they were not accepted by the Heavens and Earth, so it was natural for them to face many tribulations. The nine Heavenly Tribulations were also a standard that the super geniuses of the Upper Realm had to face!
If a genius entered the Divine Sea Realm at the eighth level of the Life and Death Realm, he wouldn't be qualified to be called a genius.
However, the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was different. Although it was also a pill, the two couldn't be mentioned in the same breath …
The Calamity Avoid Pill was only a seventh grade pill, while the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was a ninth grade pill!
Most importantly, this pill could help a martial artist trigger the tenth Heavenly Tribulation. The tenth Heavenly Tribulation was also known as the perfect Heavenly Tribulation, because it was said that after the tenth Heavenly Tribulation, a martial artist's foundation would be in a perfect state. The impact of such a foundation on a martial artist's future was almost immeasurable!
Ai Anxin faintly curled her lips and continued forward …

Chapter 1058
Not only was Xue Muyang injured, but all the cultivators in the first echelon, except for Ai Anxin, were injured to varying degrees.
Although all the martial artists who entered the One Thought Sealed Tower were equipped with many healing panaceas, the tower was filled with space storms everywhere. There was nowhere to hide, and there was no chance for one to stay in a certain place to heal their wounds.
Therefore, at this time, everyone was holding their breath. Now was the time to test their endurance.
After Xue Muyang rushed past ten thousand miles, the other cultivators in the first echelon also rushed past ten thousand miles one after another!
In the previous Torch Flame Inheritance, there were usually only two or three cultivators who could rush past ten thousand miles. Sometimes, there was even only one person. This time, the results were obviously better than in the past.
When Luo Zheng rushed past ten thousand miles, he was already in the thirteenth place.
Except for occasionally dodging some powerful power of law in the storm, he could still maintain a constant speed!
His speed was not considered fast. After all, some warriors had already begun to use special methods in order to strive for a good result. When they were at the last moment, they would make a dash for it.
However, compared to the other cultivators, Luo Zheng was calmer. At least, there was not a single wound on his body …
And now, among the people in the One Thought Sealed Tower, only Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng were not injured at all!
"I found a problem! This little guy called Luo Zheng seems to have maintained his speed from the beginning to the end! "
"Yes, he is not fast nor slow. In this level of law storm, he is actually unscathed. It is really incredible!"
Hearing this, Yun Luo's eyes flashed faintly. These guys, only now did they realize …
The current Luo Zheng was already in the limelight.
Although he still did not rush into the top ten, his calm appearance made people feel that he was more and more unfathomable.
After Luo Zheng maintained the thirteenth place for half an hour, two super geniuses in front of him were injured and eliminated from the One Thought Sealed Tower.
With their elimination, Luo Zheng's ranking also rose by two places, reaching the eleventh place!
As for the cultivator in the tenth place, he was not far away from Luo Zheng. It seemed that he was also ravaged by the law storm. Now, it was difficult for him to move forward. Surpassing that person and entering the top ten was also right in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
However, just as Luo Zheng approached the cultivator's back and wanted to surpass him, the cultivator turned his head and glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. After a cold snort, he bit the tip of his tongue and directly burned his blood essence. Then, a wild aura was released from the cultivator's body!
"Whoosh —"
The cultivator's speed suddenly increased by more than three times, leaving Luo Zheng far behind!
Obviously, he did not want Luo Zheng to surpass him!
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng.
This cultivator should possess the bloodline inheritance of some ancient species. His blood essence was also very precious. Burning his blood essence just to keep his position in the top ten was a bit wasteful …
What's more, at the stage of ten thousand miles, speed was no longer important. What was more important was the competition of endurance.
The cultivator quickly flew away in the vast law storm. His figure soon became blurry and gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
Luo Zheng still maintained his speed, flying in the air unhurriedly!
After another incense stick's worth of time …
As Luo Zheng continued to move forward, he saw a huge black hole appear not far away. This black hole firmly sealed the cultivator in the tenth place.
The power of law at this stage was already very terrifying. Moreover, some very rare laws were born in the law storm. Although these laws were also derived from the Origin Laws, they had become another law system.
Just like this huge black hole, it was the legendary Law of Darkness. It was said that when the Law of Darkness was cultivated to the extreme, it could swallow everything, including the entire universe …
Although the black hole in front of him could not achieve this effect, it would not be easy to get out after swallowing this cultivator. At the very least, Luo Zheng himself would not be able to escape!
When he passed by the black hole, Luo Zheng also felt the powerful suction force produced by the black hole. At the same time, he saw the cultivator in the black hole shouting at him.
Luo Zheng could not hear any sound. This black hole could suck everything in. Even the sound made by the black hole could not escape the suction force.
Relying on the shape of his lips, Luo Zheng was able to read his words. "Help him!"
Luo Zheng shook his head faintly.
It was not that Luo Zheng wanted to watch this cultivator be eliminated. Even if he released him, it would not be a big deal for Luo Zheng.
It was just that Luo Zheng himself was not familiar with the Law of Darkness. If he was sucked in, it would be bad luck. If he was trapped, he believed that the Palace Masters would get this guy out. However, at that time, this cultivator would face elimination. Or rather, he was already eliminated.
Replacing this martial artist's position, Luo Zheng was now finally ranked tenth.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered the tenth place, a figure in front of him rapidly flew back. In this vast law storm, Luo Zheng could not see very clearly. He only felt that the faint shadow seemed to be a big bird.
But when the "big bird" approached, Luo Zheng discovered that it was Ai Anxin, but she had a pair of wings on her back!
After Ai Anxin flew closer, Luo Zheng asked with a strange expression, "Why did you turn back?"
Ai Anxin glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "I thought you were already eliminated!"
"How could it be that easy?" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Too slow!" Ai Anxin said again.
"It's not a competition of speed." Luo Zheng would not increase his speed to catch up with someone, nor would he deliberately slow down for someone.
"But it's fine as long as you're still here. I'll wait for you in front!"
After speaking, Ai Anxin spread her wings and flew out directly. But at this time, a "blizzard" suddenly appeared in front of her. Giant fireballs condensed from the Law of Fire and ice spears dozens of feet long directly smashed down.
But Ai Anxin's flying speed was extremely fast. In a flash, she drilled through this "blizzard". Occasionally, there would be fireballs blocking her way, but she would wrap her body with her wings and directly rush through them.
"She turned back just to say a few words …"
"This Ai Anxin, isn't he too confident in himself?"
"Within a range of 12,000 miles, she can still move around with ease. This woman … may be qualified to challenge Celestial Master Huan Hai's previous record!"
At this moment, there were not many cultivators left in the Sealed Tower. Every cultivator was paid attention to, and Ai Anxin, who was previously ranked first, was naturally the last to receive attention.
When she resolutely turned back with the purpose of saying a few words to Luo Zheng, these Palace Masters were quite speechless.
Other cultivators were struggling, but this woman did not seem to know what difficulty was. In such a fierce storm of Law, she was still able to move around with ease. They could not help but have a whole new level of respect for her!
Luo Zheng's ranking was still rising in an orderly manner!
Ninth place, eighth place, seventh place …
Under continuous overtaking, he quickly entered the top five, then the top four …
At 13,000 miles, he was already in the top three.
Because among the top ten martial artists, seven of them had already been eliminated!
Strangely, the top three cultivators were all from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!
The first place was still Ai Anxin, the second was Xue Muyang, and the third was naturally Luo Zheng …
At this time, the Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters of the other Twelve Palaces looked a little embarrassed.

Chapter 1059
The Dimmed Heavenly Palace's Palace Master sighed. "Looks like we'll have to watch Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace perform this year."
The other Palace Masters were speechless as well. They had no idea where the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had found these geniuses. Judging by their momentum, these three young men could even break the record of the second place, which was a distance of 14,000 miles!
Yun Luo's expression was still indifferent.
Putting Xue Muyang aside, in Yun Luo's opinion, Luo Zheng's potential was definitely more than that. The best part should come later.
At this time, the linen-clothed old man said, "If I'm not wrong, this Luo Zheng and Xue Muyang should both be ascenders, right?"
Yun Luo nodded. "Yes, both of them are ascenders."
The linen-clothed old man chuckled and said, "Looks like we'll have to perform another ascender miracle …"
The so-called Ascender Miracle was only a very broad concept that was circulated in the Upper Realm.
Because over the years, there were many ascenders, but most of them were very ordinary in strength and talent. There were few highlights.
This result was normal. After all, the cultivation techniques, inheritances, and foundations of the Upper Realm were incomparable to those of the Lower Realm.
However, ascenders were usually quiet, but once they did, they would amaze everyone!
For example, Celestial Lord Huan Hai's talent was so high that it shook the entire Alliance. After he became a Celestial Lord, he was also one of the best among Celestial Lords!
"Ascender miracle … It can't be, right?" A Palace Master shook his head.
"You mean, they can break Celestial Lord Huan Hai's record?" Another Palace Master asked.
18,000 miles, this record was like a mountain erected in front of the many super geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces. This mountain was so tall that it was suffocating. It was almost insurmountable!
In the previous Torch Flame inheritances, there was no warrior who dared to charge at this mountain!
The linen-clothed old man only chuckled and didn't speak.
In One Thought Barrier Tower …
Ai Anxin didn't stop at all. She was like a happy lark, wandering freely in the nomological storm!
Now that she was sure that Luo Zheng was following behind, she didn't need to wait anymore. She wanted to leave Luo Zheng far behind, as far as possible.
Therefore, Ai Anxin's speed directly increased by two times. No matter how the nomological storm raged, it couldn't trap her nimble figure.
Xue Muyang felt very tired now!
Before participating in the Torch Flame inheritance, Xue Muyang had been in seclusion.
He was different from Luo Zheng. Not long after Luo Zheng ascended, Yun Luo brought him to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After Xue Muyang ascended, he went through a lot of hardships and finally found Yun Luo through his outstanding talent. After all, he successfully entered the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Here, he learned of Empyrean Illusory Sea's deeds!
He understood that ascenders were also able to obtain supreme achievements. They could become Celestial Venerables and become existences that all living beings in the universe looked up to!
When they were in the lower realm, Xue Muyang and Yun Luo had met in a crisis. Yun Luo had helped him a lot, and she was also the foundation for him to roam the Great Wide World!
When he achieved his goal and wanted to find Yun Luo, he realized that she was just a clone that was destined to return to the Upper Realm …
After knowing Yun Luo's identity, he had followed her all the way. He had never given up on this belief, and he still hadn't given up even now, even though he knew that Yun Luo didn't like him.
Now, he wanted to prove that he could become someone like Empyrean Illusory Sea!
But now, the storm of laws was getting stronger and stronger, and the injuries on his body were getting worse and worse. His legs and arms were riddled with wounds that were so deep that his bones could be seen.
To be able to hold on until now, he had relied on his incomparably strong willpower and belief …
As for Luo Zheng, he was still ranked third. His speed still didn't increase or decrease!
The deeper he went into the storm of laws, the more he sighed with emotion at the magnificent wonders of the storm.
For example, along the way, he saw purple ice crystals that formed strange patterns on the ground in a regular pattern. These patterns were naturally formed, but they contained a very unique power of laws.
Another example was a terraced pool with purple liquid flowing in it. But if one looked carefully, the liquid was actually a lightning pool formed by lightning.
Of course, these magnificent wonders also contained layers of murderous intent. If one wasn't careful, these power of laws would pounce on Luo Zheng …
Just as Luo Zheng continued to move forward, a violent roar suddenly came from the front!
"Ah ah ah …"
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and saw a person.
Xue Muyang?
Luo Zheng wasn't familiar with this person, but he knew that he was the number one cultivator in Swallow Cloud Hall. Moreover, when Yun Luo used the Scarlet Afterglow Ring to select cultivators, he seemed to have said something strange.
This person seemed to be Yun Luo's pursuer.
As Luo Zheng walked closer, he found that Xue Muyang was entangled by golden vines. He was frantically struggling as if he wanted to break free from the golden vines. His aura was waning, and his body was covered in wounds. He looked very miserable.
Seeing his injuries, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air …
These golden vines weren't living creatures, but vines formed naturally by the law of wood. No matter how hard Xue Muyang struggled, he couldn't break free from these vines.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and floated in the air. He asked, "Do you need help?"
Xue Muyang struggled for a long time but still couldn't break free from the golden vines. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, he fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. "No need!"
"But you can't break free from these golden vines yourself." Luo Zheng lowered his head and asked. He knew that some cultivators had strange tempers, so he didn't attack right away. The more talented a cultivator was, the more strange tempers they had …
At this time, Xue Muyang suddenly raised his head and stared at Luo Zheng. There was a hint of madness in his eyes. "I want to prove my strength. How can I rely on others?"
Hearing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. "Because of Yun Luo?"
"You … called her by her name!" Xue Muyang said coldly. There was a trace of coldness in his eyes.
In the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, Yun Luo's status was revered. Generally, these young genius cultivators would respectfully call Yun Luo "Palace Master". How many people dared to call Yun Luo by her name?
Xue Muyang was an exception. He knew Yun Luo in the lower realm. Because of this, he always felt that he was a special existence in Yun Luo's eyes. Moreover, Yun Luo herself didn't care about this kind of address!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Is it strange? You're not the only one who knows Yun Luo in the Great Thousand World … "
"You're also an ascender, and you're also …" For the sake of the Torch Flame Inheritance, Xue Muyang had been in seclusion. Naturally, he didn't know Luo Zheng's origin.
Before Xue Muyang could finish his words, Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, Yun Luo has so many clones. Of course, you're not the only one who has seen her."
Hearing this, Xue Muyang fell silent. The ruthlessness on his face lessened a little.
Luo Zheng continued to say to Xue Muyang, "I know you want to prove yourself to Yun Luo, but you seem to be mistaken about one thing."
"What is it?" Xue Muyang said coldly.
"The Yun Luo you like is not the same person as the current Yun Luo …"
"After all, a clone is not the main body. When she was swallowed by Yun Luo, that clone disappeared from this world …"
"So you don't need to prove anything to the current Yun Luo."
Luo Zheng was not an emotional expert. It was just that Xue Muyang was also an ascender, so he said a few words to persuade him.
However, these words made the atmosphere outside the One Thought Sealed Tower a little awkward.
Even Yun Luo, who had always been indifferent, showed an unnatural expression on her face. The other Palace Masters were secretly looking at Yun Luo with a playful expression.
As for the linen-clothed old man, he chuckled and said, "Little guys nowadays are getting weirder and weirder. They can talk about this kind of thing in this storm of laws. Haha!"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xue Muyang remained silent. On the other hand, Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't wish to enlighten Xue Muyang. He only wanted to tell Xue Muyang his feelings. To Yun Luo, her clones were nothing more than insignificant memories. How could Yun Luo's true self succumb to her memories?
After saying that, Luo Zheng did not stay any longer and continued to move forward. As for whether this guy could figure it out or not, it would depend on his own brain …
This was just a small interlude. After everyone's eyes stopped here for a short while, they quickly gathered on Ai Anxin because at this time, Ai Anxin had already broken through 16,000 miles.
She was only 2,000 miles away from the record set by Celestial Master Huan Hai, but these 2,000 miles were even more difficult to cross.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1060
"Sixteen thousand miles. This Ai Anxin is really …"
"I'm afraid this woman will be accepted into the Spring Fragrance Pavilion after the Torch Flame Inheritance!"
"She's really impressive. When I was in the One Thought Sealed Tower back then, I only walked thirteen thousand miles. That was already my limit!"
Ai Anxin's current achievements shocked many of the Palace Lords.
Even though this woman's previous performance was not bad, they never thought that she would actually reach such a distance!
However, the next scene was even more shocking!
After Ai Anxin crossed sixteen thousand miles, her speed increased again. At this time, her entire body was enveloped in a layer of green light. A crack appeared between her eyebrows, and a small green stone appeared in the crack.
It was a stone the size of a fingertip and looked very ordinary.
However, when the Palace Lords saw this stone, their expressions changed drastically. The linen-clothed old man even stood up abruptly!
"Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"She actually has the Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"That old man Xiao Daolai really hid it well …"
Some people were surprised, while others sighed.
As for the warriors on the side of the square, they were somewhat confused. They did not know what the Jade Gate Immortal Combat was.
The linen-clothed old man sat back in his chair and muttered, "That's not right. If Ai Anxin had the Jade Gate Immortal Combat, Spring Fragrance Pavilion would definitely know about it. Xiao Daolai would not have sent her to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance …"
"From the looks of it, the old Palace Lord probably does not know that Ai Anxin has the Jade Gate Immortal Combat." Yun Luo nodded. At this time, she was also looking at Ai Anxin in a new light.
In fact, Yun Luo had always thought that Luo Zheng would surpass Ai Anxin sooner or later. It seemed to be a matter of course. That judgment was inferred based on the memories of her two clones.
However, when she saw the Jade Gate Immortal Combat, she began to doubt her judgment.
The Jade Gate Immortal Combat was an extremely special talent. It was also an extremely powerful talent.
In the Upper Realm, there were all kinds of special physiques and special talents. For example, the Ancient Giant Demon's Indestructible Physique. After cultivating to a certain level, the body was almost indestructible. Even if it was reduced to powder, it could still be restored …
Another example was the Extreme Purple Yin Body, the bloodline of the True Phoenix and True Dragon, and the bloodline of various divine beasts. There were always warriors who possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon World. Almost all of them possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon Race. It might be extremely precious in the Lower World, but it was very common in the Great World.
But the Jade Gate Immortal Battle was different.
Up until now, martial artists who possessed the Jade Gate Immortal Battle were extremely rare in the entire universe, and they were also extremely mysterious!
It was said that each Jade Door Celestial Combat Scroll had different abilities, but it definitely recorded a Karmic Law! What was even more frightening was that this Karma Law would grow along with the growth of the martial artist.
A weapon that possessed the Karma Law was a supreme divine artifact. But, supreme divine artifacts only numbered around 3000 in the entire universe. A normal martial artist would only see the names of these weapons on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele; they would never see one in their entire life!
And once a supreme divine artifact was forged, the Karma Law within could not be changed, and it was even more impossible for it to grow …
Thus, it was understandable why the Palace Masters were so shocked when the cyan stone appeared on Ai Anxin's forehead.
After Ai Anxin activated the Jade Gate Immortal Battle Scroll, her speed continued to increase explosively!
17,000 miles …
18,000 miles …
19,000 miles …
20,000 miles …
In less than half an hour, Ai Anxin easily broke the record set by Celestial Venerable Illusory Sea.
In half an hour, Ai Anxin easily broke through 20,000 miles.
Ai Anxin was creating records with every step she took …
As for the Palace Masters outside, their expressions were also very excited. They were also very curious. How far would Ai Anxin go before she stopped?
Yun Luo pursed her lips and shifted her gaze back to Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng's current results were also very shocking. His speed was not slow, but he had already entered the 16,000 mile mark.
If not for Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng's achievements would also be the focus of attention.
Unfortunately …
Ai Anxin was already so outstanding that it was terrifying. Luo Zheng had only broken through the 16,000 mile mark, but Ai Anxin had already entered the 20,000 mile mark!
In comparison, Luo Zheng's results were somewhat overshadowed.
"Ai Anxin's speed is still increasing!" a Palace Master could not help but shout.
At this time, who would pay attention to Luo Zheng?
Every Palace Master was staring at Ai Anxin. As she continued to move forward, the storm of laws behind her became more and more terrifying. However, not only did her speed not slow down, but it also became faster and faster. This strange scene was not only inconceivable, but also deeply admirable.
21,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
23,000 miles …
Every time Ai Anxin broke through 1,000 miles, it attracted a round of exclamations from the Palace Masters.
As for the genius martial artists on the side of the square, they were also amazed. They were not qualified to be envious of such a woman. In the future, Ai Anxin would become an existence that they could only look up to.
However, at this time, the linen-clothed old man said faintly, "Luo Zheng has also broken through 18,000 miles …"
The Palace Masters, who were staring at Ai Anxin, turned their gazes back.
"Luo Zheng also broke the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai?"
"It's really a miracle … If not for Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng's results would also be very terrifying …"
"What a pity. Hehe, Luo Zheng is also unlucky. He should have created a new record, but in the end, Ai Anxin directly created an even more terrifying record and blocked his path!"
The martial artists on the square also began to discuss.
"Not necessarily. Although Luo Zheng's speed is not fast, he is still moving forward. Maybe he can catch up with Ai Anxin!"
"Impossible. Ai Anxin is almost at the 24,000 mile mark. The gap is almost 5,000 miles, and the further she goes, the more difficult it will be. How can it be so easy to catch up with her?"
"Of course not. Everyone, look, Luo Zheng has stopped!"
At this time, the crowd saw that Luo Zheng had suddenly stopped.
Previously, Luo Zheng had been moving forward at a constant speed, neither slow nor fast. However, he had been moving forward neither too fast nor too slow. From the last place, he had finally reached the second place!
Now that Luo Zheng had stopped, it meant that he was in trouble …
"I'm afraid he can't hold on any longer, right?"
"It's very likely that the storm of laws at this time is already at a level that he can no longer resist …"
"Ai Anxin has broken through 24,000 miles!"
Ai Anxin's continuous creation of records was already a little troublesome for the crowd. No one knew how far this woman could go.
However, they believed that it must be an unprecedented record that would never be broken in the future. It was a record that was countless times more terrifying than the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai.
Just as they believed, after Ai Anxin broke through the 24,000 mile mark, her speed was still astonishing, and there was no stagnation.
As for Luo Zheng, he had been staying at the 18,000 mile mark, motionless, as if he was comprehending something.
Yun Luo pursed her lips and stared at Luo Zheng, but there was a faint sense of anxiety in her heart. She had been optimistic about Luo Zheng from the beginning and hoped that he could surpass Ai Anxin, but now Luo Zheng had stopped in the storm of laws. Who knew what he was comprehending?
"Twenty-five thousand!"
"26,000!"
"27,000 … I'm going crazy. This woman is definitely a monster!"
It was not until 28,000 miles that Ai Anxin's speed gradually slowed down.
"She finally slowed down …"
"She has already surpassed the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai by 10,000 miles. This result, tsk tsk …"
"Nonsense, if you go any further, the storm of laws will be in a completely out of control state. That place is already in the inner layer of the storm of laws. It's impossible to observe!"
Ai Anxin's speed rapidly decreased. After reaching 28,000 miles, she had advanced 200 miles and finally stopped at this position!
Not long after, Ai Anxin's figure appeared at the entrance of One Thought Sealed Tower with a faint smile on her lips.
She was very proud, but her nature was still relatively amiable. However, when the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces looked at Ai Anxin, they faintly looked at her as if they were looking at a superior …

Chapter 1061
Within the One Thought Sealed Tower, Ai Anxin wanted to observe where Luo Zheng was.
But facing the boundless storm of laws, she naturally didn't know where Luo Zheng was, and didn't know if Luo Zheng was eliminated!
"Luo Zheng is 18,000 miles?"
Ai Anxin smiled. Although she had taken the initiative to leave the One Thought Sealed Pagoda, she knew what this result meant. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to reach this distance. In the end, he had been left far behind by her!
In reality, 28,200 miles was Ai Anxin's limit.
By the time Ai Anxin had reached 28,000 miles, she could already feel the immense pressure.
The storm of laws there couldn't be described as terrifying. All sorts of lightning and fire powers intersected within. The wind blades that were compressed to the extreme, the frost that sealed everything ….
If Ai Anxin unleashed all of her potential, she might be able to advance another 1000 miles.
But to her, it wasn't worth it. And this result was indeed enough!
It was enough for her to stand at a height that normal fighters, or even genius fighters, couldn't reach. She could look down on them, look down on Luo Zheng!
From the gazes of the fighters in the 13 palaces, it was enough to prove it.
She was very satisfied with their gazes filled with respect ….
"Ai Anxin, please come up." At this time, Yun Luo's voice rang out.
Ai Anxin nodded. Her golden embroidered shoes lightly stepped on the ground. Her light voice floated over as she stood in front of the palace masters.
Before this, the palace masters had also sized Ai Anxin up.
However, these palace lords were either close to the sector lord level or half step sector lord level. Ai Anxin was in front of them.
Actually, she could barely be counted as a junior. She could be said to be a junior's junior ….
But it was this junior's performance that made the expressions of these palace masters become very polite.
Facing these big figures, Ai Anxin wasn't afraid. Instead, she looked towards the cloth clothed old man, "There's a reward for breaking through 10,000 miles. I broke through 20,000 miles, shouldn't there be a reward too?"
These words made the old man's face stiffen.
How could he have thought that there would be a fighter breaking through 20,000 miles?
Naturally, the plain-clothed old man did not prepare any rewards.
At this time, a Palace Lord said with a smile, "Indeed, there should be a reward. Twenty-eight thousand miles, hehe, it's not right to not give a reward!"
"That's right. Just based on the birth of a new record, this reward should be given!" A palace master chimed in.
The old man hesitated for a moment. How should he give out the reward? For a moment, he had no idea what to do …
However, at this moment, a faint voice sounded, "Let me give you the reward!"
When the voice appeared, the many palace masters were slightly stunned. Someone had penetrated the seal set up by the linen-clothed old man and slowly descended.
"Sunset Realmlord!"
"The Sunset Realm Lord has personally arrived …"
When the Palace Masters saw who it was, they stood up one after another. The linen-clothed old man was also very respectful.
The Palace Lords of the Thirteen Palaces were definitely important figures in the great worlds at the edge of the Alliance. For example, Yun Luo wasn't a Realm Lord, but she went to Tong Tong.
When the Spirit World took Luo Zheng away, the Spirit Summoning World's World Lord was also very respectful to her.
However, the status of the Realm Lords was also different.
The Sunset Realm Lord had an extremely high status in the Alliance. Among the many Realm Lords, he was also a core figure. He alone controlled the Thirteen Great Worlds of the Thirteen Heavenly Palaces. Together with a few other powerful Realm Lords, his status was second only to the Heavenly Venerables.
Although the other figures were respectful to the Sunset Realm Lord, Ai Anxin didn't change. She only stared at the reward.
Hearing this person say that the reward would be given by him, Ai Anxin asked, "You'll give me the reward?"
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded and looked at Ai Anxin with a kind gaze, "Yes, little girl."
"I'm not a little girl. I'm Ai Anxin!" Ai Anxin corrected him.
"Good, good." The Sunset Realm Lord didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He then said, "I came in a hurry and didn't prepare any rewards. However, I have three treasures here. They're quite extraordinary. You can choose from them."
After speaking, the Sunset Realm Lord gently waved his hand and three rays of light flashed in front of him.
The three rays of light wrapped around three treasures …
Two of the treasures were First Grade Divine Artifacts. They were a snow-white sword and a pale yellow saber.
The last item was a feather robe. Although the feather robe was only a Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifact, defensive treasures were extremely rare. The value of this Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifact wasn't any lower than the value of the other two Secondary Grade One Sacred Artifacts.
"The first two Divine Artifacts are famous on the Universal Spirit Stele. Although they're ranked very low, they're still much stronger than ordinary First Grade Divine Artifacts. As for this Rainbow Feather Robe, I obtained it by accident. It's also a very special defensive treasure."
Ai Anxin didn't hesitate and chose the Rainbow Feather Robe.
"Are you sure you want to choose this Rainbow Feather Robe?" The Sunset Realm Lord asked.
"Of course!" Ai Anxin smiled and said, "This looks better!"
When these words came out, many of the Palace Lords revealed speechless expressions. Treasures that could be on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele were indeed very precious existences, but this little girl only chose based on appearance. Wasn't she taking it too lightly?
The rainbow-colored feather robe was naturally very beautiful. Although the feather robe looked extremely thin, the rainbow-colored patterns on the surface of the feather robe gave off a dreamy feeling. However, when a cultivator chose a treasure, they would consider it from a practical point of view. How could they judge it based on its appearance?
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded. With a flick of her hand, the ray of light drifted towards Ai Anxin. Ai Anxin reached out and grabbed the rainbow-colored feather dress from the ball of light. With a flip of her hand, the feather dress draped over her body.
She even tiptoed and spun in a circle. A slightly proud expression appeared on her face. She never knew how to hide her pride.
The Sunset Realm Lord continued, "To be able to reach such a distance, it won't be long before Spring Fragrance Pavilion comes to ask for her. I wonder what Xiao Daolai's intentions are?"
Yun Luo looked at the lively little girl and said, "Since Xiao Daolai is willing to send her here to take the test of the Torch Flame Inheritance, he naturally has plans. I think he won't reject Spring Fragrance Pavilion."
"That's good." The Sunset Realm Master nodded. Her gaze turned towards the One Thought Boundary Tower, and a curious expression appeared on her face. "There seems to be another person in this One Thought Boundary Tower?"
Yun Luo nodded, "Yes, that's a cultivator from my Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
"Oh?" When the Sunset Realm Lord looked over, he was slightly surprised. "He's actually at 18,000 miles. This result is not bad."
18,000 miles. How could it be just not bad? This was already the same as Huan Hai Celestial's record. Luo Zheng's 18,000 miles was equivalent to surpassing Huan Hai Celestial's record.
If it was in the past, how could they use the word "not bad" to describe it?
Unfortunately, Ai Anxin had just broken the 28,000 miles record and was 10,000 miles ahead of Luo Zheng. Therefore, Luo Zheng's terrifying record could only be described as "not bad".
Yun Luo curled her lips and said, "Luo Zheng, he seems to be still in the process of comprehending. Maybe he will try to break through …"
Yun Luo was not confident now. Previously, she felt that Luo Zheng could break Huan Hai Celestial's record. This premonition was correct!
However, Yun Luo could not say how far Luo Zheng could go. She could only say that he would try again.
Ai Anxin also looked at the One Thought Seal Tower and said with a smile, "Yes! Luo Zheng's result is already very good! He should be able to break through 20,000 miles! "
Yun Luo glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently. She didn't like this woman being so proud. From her words, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to break her record?
She hoped that Luo Zheng could work harder. However, breaking Ai Anxin's record was still too difficult. For some reason, Yun Luo was slightly depressed.
The Sunset Realm Lord said, "Then let's see if this kid can work hard. If he can break through 20,000 miles, my reward will naturally be great. However, I don't know how long this kid will be comprehending? It's difficult to comprehend in the storm of laws. "
Everyone looked at the last person in the One Thought Seal Tower. From the beginning until now, Luo Zheng had not moved at all. Who knew how long he would be comprehending?

Chapter 1062
Actually, there wasn't much suspense about the results of the One Thought Sealed Pagoda this time.
If the 18,000-kilometer record left behind by Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai was an insurmountable mountain, then it was now an insurmountable mountain.
Now, Ai Anxin had successfully flipped over it and even stepped on it firmly.
The record that Ai Anxin had created was like a layer of heaven. A layer of heaven that couldn't be surpassed!
Unless you had the ability to overturn the heavens, it was impossible to overturn this layer of heaven …
Luo Zheng had indeed climbed over the mountain set by Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai, but no one believed that Luo Zheng could surpass Ai Anxin's terrifying record!
18,000-kilometer was already an insurmountable record, let alone 28,000-kilometer?
However, Luo Zheng was the last person in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda, so everyone's attention was naturally focused on him.
Time continued to pass …
Luo Zheng remained motionless in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda like an old monk meditating, as if he was comprehending something.
Ai Anxin pursed her lips as her eyes sparkled.
18,000-kilometer was also a threshold in the One Thought Sealed Pagoda. After 18,000-kilometer, the nomological laws would be compressed to the extreme!
All the nomological law fragments would be condensed together, forming a black nomological law storm.
Back then, Heavenly Venerate Yun Hai had stopped here probably because of this black nomological law storm …
However, Ai Anxin didn't stop here at all. After she opened the jade door, she didn't think much and just focused on charging forward.
Although the black nomological law storm was fierce, it couldn't do much to her.
However, she didn't know what Luo Zheng was trying to do by comprehending it like this.
Time passed by, one breath after another …
In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …
Half an hour had passed …
Two hours of time …
Four hours of time ….
The Palace Masters and the Sunset Realmlord were still fine.
They were all martialists who had experienced countless years. This bit of time was really like a white steed flashing across a crevice. It was just an instant.
However, the martialists in the square seemed a little anxious.
It wasn't that they didn't have the patience.
To be able to cultivate to this realm, all of the martial artists had gone through numerous crises and boring cultivation.
Sometimes, a single seclusion could last for years. What did a few hours count for?
However, the Xin Huo inheritance didn't only contain the One Thought Sealed Tower. They were all looking forward to the next trial. Under such anticipation, time passed slowly.
"What is this Luo Zheng doing? Aren't you wasting everyone's time by dilly-dallying? "
"There's no other way. If Luo Zheng isn't dealt with in One Thought Sealed Tower, the Torch Flame inheritance won't be opened …"
"Hey, hurry up if you want to continue! In any case, he has already broken Empyrean Illusory Sea's record. That should be enough. Could it be that he still wants to break Ai Anxin's record?! "
With thousands of people complaining, it was a hubbub of voices …
Yun Luo's slightly white eyes were filled with curiosity.
What was Luo Zheng thinking?
"Huff huff huff …"
The violent storm of laws continued to sweep in front of Luo Zheng.
These Law Storms were divided into different levels.
At a thousand miles, the fragments of laws were more scattered and difficult to condense together. Even if they did condense, they would only form some small fragments of laws, such as short wind blades, small fireballs, and so on.
However, after three thousand miles, the fragments in the storm of laws condensed together on a large scale.
The further one went, the higher the degree of condensation. After ten thousand miles, the laws formed on a large scale and the attacks produced were even more terrifying and powerful.
From ten thousand miles to eighteen thousand miles, the power of the storm of laws only continued to increase, but there was no fundamental change.
However, the storm of laws in front of Luo Zheng had already condensed to the extreme. The colorful laws gathered together and looked like a gray fog.
At first glance, the speed of the storm of laws was much slower and didn't seem as fierce as before. However, due to the compression of the various laws, it was more difficult to advance in it.
However, Luo Zheng stopped here not because he couldn't pass through the storm of laws, but because he found that the highly condensed storm of laws was very similar to the chaotic aura in his body …
"When all the source Laws are condensed to the extreme, it seems to become the elementary form of chaotic aura. It's very similar, it's very similar …"
Staring at the space storm in front of him, Luo Zheng was lost in thought.
The source Laws of this space storm were the result of several Empyreans fighting. They had transformed heaven and earth origin energy into the power of Laws, intertwining and compressing it, ultimately turning it into this.
All things were originally evolved from chaos, and the source Laws were the foundation of all things in the universe …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Heaven and earth origin energy could be seized by martial artists who cultivated the true essence system …
According to this logic, the highly condensed power of Laws already had the nature of chaotic aura. And now, he was the first person to cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Arts!
Could he control this storm of laws?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He began to recite the formula of the Primal Chaos Secret Arts and tried to stir up the concentrated storm of Laws.
The chaotic aura within Luo Zheng's dantian was something that his master had planted and then slowly refined.
But now, Luo Zheng wasn't stimulating the chaotic aura within his dantian, but was using the Primal Chaos Secret Arts to operate in reverse. Like a true essence system martial artist, he was using the storm of Laws as heaven and earth origin energy to control it!
This situation was something that even Luo Zheng's master hadn't expected. After all, in the universe, there was almost no chaotic aura.
But Luo Zheng wasn't someone who stuck to formalities. One of the greatest pleasures of stepping onto the road of martial artists was exploration. Moreover, his master didn't cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Arts. Since he had chosen this road, he could only comprehend it himself, ponder it himself, create it himself …
After a breath of time, an invisible fluctuation spread out from his body.
Although Luo Zheng closed his eyes, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. The storm of laws in front of him seemed to be affected by an invisible force, rolling to both sides.
This gray storm of laws was originally rolling constantly, but its rolling speed was relatively slow. Although it was affected by Luo Zheng's Primal Chaos Secret Arts, the Sunset Realm Master, Yun Luo, and many other Palace Masters outside the One Thought Sealed Tower didn't notice anything wrong.
Soon, someone shouted, "This guy finally stood up!"
"Is he planning to leave the One Thought Sealed Tower? Or … continue to move forward? "
"He's starting to move forward …"
"He's actually walking with his legs …"
"He's finally flying …"
"His speed is still very slow …"
"He's speeding up, he's so fast!"
"This … he still hasn't used his protective true essence! He doesn't seem to be using any secret techniques, so why is he moving forward so fast? "
"Oh my god …"
The warriors on the side of the square, who had been complaining before, were now in an uproar again. Of course, this time, they weren't complaining about Luo Zheng's delay, but marveling at Luo Zheng's speed.
His current speed was even faster than Ai Anxin's!
The Palace Masters' expressions were also very interesting, especially the Sunset Realm Master, who looked at Luo Zheng with a thoughtful expression.
He could find a reasonable explanation for Ai Anxin's speed to reach 28,000 miles, and that was because of the Jade Gate Immortal Battle.
But now, Luo Zheng was forcefully charging forward. Even though the Sunset Realm Master was very knowledgeable, he couldn't guess the reason …
"Luo Zheng's momentum seems to be even fiercer than Ai Anxin's!" A Palace Master opened his mouth wide in astonishment.
"Fierce indeed, but he hasn't entered the 20,000 mile range, so he shouldn't be able to surpass Ai Anxin." Another Palace Master's expression was very calm.
As for Yun Luo, her expression was still indifferent, but a faint smile appeared at the corner of her mouth.
Ai Anxin, who was standing on the top of the building, had a look of surprise in her eyes, but after gently pursing her lips, she said indifferently in her heart, I know you won't stop at 18,000 miles, or you wouldn't be qualified to be my competitor. But it's impossible to surpass 28,000 miles!
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1063
Luo Zheng didn't really absorb these nomological storms into his body.
Perhaps because it was highly condensed, these nomological storms already had the embryonic form of chaotic aura. It seemed to have undergone some kind of "restoration" in this One Thought Seal Tower.
After all, these things weren't chaotic aura. Absorbing them into Luo Zheng's dantian would only do him harm.
But to be able to trigger these gray nomological storms was already enough for Luo Zheng …
After all, under his control, these nomological storms couldn't pose any obstruction to Luo Zheng! It was as if he was flying in the outside world. It was extremely easy!
As Luo Zheng continued to increase his speed, his forward speed also became faster and faster!
And the surprise on the faces of the Palace Masters also became more and more intense …
In an instant, Luo Zheng had already broken through 19,000 miles!
Next was 20,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
Just like Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all, nor was there any obstruction. He flew forward and drove straight in!
"This speed … it's the same as flying in the outside world!"
"What kind of secret technique is this guy using? He must be cheating! "
Xue Muyang was still healing in a corner of the square. After seeing Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's performance, a bitter smile appeared on his face.
Prove himself?
Want to get first place in the Torch Flame Inheritance?
With the existence of these two monsters, Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, he was simply dreaming! The gap between him and these two was too big.
And at this time, Ai Anxin finally couldn't remain calm.
Her heart was pounding, and her hands were clenched into fists. Because she used too much strength, the blood flow at her fingertips was obstructed, and they turned white!
"Twenty-three thousand miles … Will it continue?" Ai Anxin said nervously. She really wanted to shout for Luo Zheng to stop. Don't go forward. Don't go forward anymore!
But Luo Zheng's speed was still the same …
23,000 miles …
24,000 miles …
25,000 miles …
"He has already broken through 25,000 miles." The Sunset Realm Lord clapped his hands and laughed. "Wonderful, truly wonderful. I missed it before, but I didn't expect the last little guy in the tower to be able to reach such a level. It's commendable!"
Yun Luo smiled faintly. "It seems like the Sunset Sector Lord is going to bleed again?"
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded and said, "I have always been generous to the younger generation. How could I go back on my words?"
At this time, Yun Luo suddenly thought of something, and a sly look appeared on her face. She asked, "There's a reward for reaching 20,000 miles. I wonder if there's a reward for reaching 30,000 miles?"
Hearing this, the Sunset Realm Lord was slightly taken aback, and the other Palace Lords revealed strange expressions.
"Thirty thousand miles? That's impossible …" One of the Palace Masters shook his head.
The Sunset Realm Lord laughed out loud. "Yun Luo, you should know why Ai Anxin gave up at 28,000 miles away."
Yun Luo nodded. "28,000 miles is the inner circle of the nomological storm. The nomological power within has not been completely shattered. For a warrior at Luo Zheng's level, it is a forbidden area."
"In that case, you still have the confidence to think that Luo Zheng can break through 30,000 miles?" One of the Palace Lords mocked.
Luo Zheng was still advancing, and his performance could be described as stunning. But to think that Luo Zheng could break through 30,000 miles, wasn't that a little too foolish?
"Where does your confidence come from?" Another Palace Lord asked.
Yun Luo smiled faintly, ignoring the doubts of these Palace Lords …
Of course, Yun Luo didn't have the confidence to break through 30,000 miles. But according to her memory, Luo Zheng had always been able to exceed expectations. This was the only source of her confidence!
Thus, Yun Luo directly said to the Sunset Realm Lord, "I indeed don't have the confidence, but what if?"
"There's no 'what if'. It's impossible," another Palace Lord said firmly.
Yun Luo resentfully glared at that Palace Lord. "You don't have to say so much!"
Seeing Yun Luo's playful expression, the Sunset Realm Lord laughed and said, "Since Yun Luo has spoken, if this kid can really break through 30,000 miles, this old man will naturally reward him. And it will be a great reward!"
After hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's promise, Yun Luo smiled.
On the side, Ai Anxin naturally heard their conversation. Although there was no expression on her face, she was very unwilling in her heart.
30,000 miles?
Now, Luo Zheng hadn't even broken the 28,000 miles record she had set, but he was aiming for 30,000 miles? He spoke as if Luo Zheng would definitely surpass her!
Although this was what she thought, the worry in her heart grew stronger and stronger!
Luo Zheng's momentum was definitely not inferior to hers. It was even fiercer and faster than hers …
"How can this be …"
"I even opened the Jade Gate Immortal Battle …"
"This Luo Zheng didn't even use his vital essence to protect his body. He just relied on his physical body to go more than 20,000 miles. How can this be?"
Ai Anxin's heart was very unbalanced.
She was originally a proud daughter of the heavens. Since she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, who had she ever thought highly of?
No one in the Thirteen Palaces could compare to her!
On the first day she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, she faintly felt that Luo Zheng was a threat to her. Although she tried her best to ignore this feeling, it grew stronger and stronger.
Now it seemed that this feeling was very accurate. As for the noise from the side of the square, she was already somewhat numb to it.
"He broke through 26,000 miles!"
"This Luo Zheng will definitely surpass Ai Anxin!"
"It shouldn't be much of a problem to surpass Ai Anxin …"
"27,000 …"
"28,000! He's only 200 miles away from surpassing Ai Anxin! "
At this time, Ai Anxin's originally pink and tender face was now pale. Her neatly trimmed fingernails had sunk into her flesh.
200 miles …
With Luo Zheng's speed, it would only take a few breaths of time.
There was no doubt that he would surpass her …
If she had known, if she had known, she would have tried harder. Even if she had to suffer some injuries, she would have been able to extend the distance.
A trace of regret appeared in Ai Anxin's heart.
Because she was very confident that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to catch up to this distance, she safely left the One Thought Sealed Tower. Now Ai Anxin realized that she was still too naive.
Just as she was regretting in her heart, Luo Zheng had already crossed 28,200 miles and broken her own record.
Originally, many martial artists believed that Ai Anxin's record would be an unprecedented record that would never be broken in this era. Her record might not be able to be broken in this era.
But the result made many people's jaws drop.
The record that Ai Anxin had created was so terrifying that it made people feel suffocated. It was like a heavenly record, but Luo Zheng had easily broken it.
This record only lasted for a few hours before it was broken …
"Will Luo Zheng continue to advance?"
"Will he be able to break through 29,000 miles?"
"28,000 miles is already considered the inner circle of the nomological storm. The difficulty is incomparable to the outer circle. So after Ai Anxin broke through, she only advanced 200 miles before giving up … Luo Zheng should also give up after surpassing Ai Anxin!"
In their view, Luo Zheng was already the last person in the One Thought Sealed Tower. There was no one else who could compete with him. Since he had obtained first place, he could take the initiative to leave the One Thought Sealed Tower. There was not much meaning in continuing to advance.
However, they were wrong.
Because from the beginning, Luo Zheng had never thought of surpassing someone. He was only advancing at his own pace.
The one he wanted to challenge was not others, but himself!
So he still didn't stop and continued to advance …
"In the inner circle, we can no longer use our eyes to observe his movements." A Palace Master stared at the dark grey nomological storm.
"However, I can still sense his distance. He has already reached a distance of twenty-nine thousand miles …" The Sunset Realm Lord smiled helplessly. This fellow had really rushed to a distance of thirty thousand miles!

Chapter 1064
After entering the inner circle of the nomological storm, no one could see Luo Zheng's situation. However, they could still sense Luo Zheng's location and estimate his distance.
These Palace Masters were also very familiar with the One Thought Sealed Tower.
When the Palace Master mentioned the Fire Pool, everyone understood what he meant.
This fire pool was located 29,800 miles away. It was the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame left behind by Heavenly Venerate Xuanhuo!
During the chaotic battle between several Heavenly Venerates, the nomological power used almost tore the entire Orange Ocean Realm apart. The remnant power reverberated throughout the entire realm, turning the Orange Ocean Realm into a dead realm.
In the end, the alliance took a fancy to the Orange Ocean Realm and used the remnant power to create a training ground. It was renamed the Torch Flame Inheritance and made the best use of it.
The remnant power slowly evolved and disintegrated into all sorts of nomological fragments. Finally, they intertwined together and formed a huge nomological storm!
However, not all the remnant power left behind by Heavenly Venerates was disintegrated.
Some Heavenly Venerates had methods that could transcend time and space.
For example, the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame …
Even after countless years and being swept by the storm of laws, the Undying Mysterious Flame still maintained its exuberant state and burned fiercely in the One Thought Seal Tower!
It wasn't that the Inextinguishable Mystic Flame didn't disintegrate. The Inextinguishable Mystic Flame also disintegrated a considerable amount of fire nomological fragments. These fire nomological fragments were also integrated into the nomological storm.
However, even after so many years, when some Palace Masters entered to investigate, they discovered that the fire pool still had a certain amount of remnant power.
The remnant power of the fire pool might not be worth mentioning to those Palace Masters, but it was a fire seed left behind by a Heavenly Venerate. For Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors, it was a hellish existence.
Those Palace Masters, Yun Luo, and the Sunset Realm Lord were all aware of this.
Therefore, some Palace Masters had resolutely told Yun Luo that there was no such thing as a 'what if' when Luo Zheng crossed 30,000 miles.
This was equivalent to asking a newborn child to walk in a circle in a blazing brazier. Yet, some people were saying that there was a 'what if' when the child could cross? This was a very laughable assumption!
Twenty-nine thousand and six hundred miles …
Twenty-nine thousand and seven hundred kilometers …
Twenty-nine thousand and eight hundred kilometers …
The crowd couldn't see Luo Zheng's figure, but they could feel that he had stopped at a distance of 29,800 li!
"Like I said, Luo Zheng can't get through. Even if this Immortal Flame is less than one-hundred-thousandth of its original power, Luo Zheng still can't get through!"
"I'm guessing that this brat is worrying beside the fire pool!"
"Actually, it's enough. 29,800 miles. I can guarantee that no one in the Xin Huo inheritance will be able to reach this height, not a single one!"
These Palace Masters were not targeting Luo Zheng. They just relied on their own common sense to make a correct estimation and evaluation of Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo did not speak. It was meaningless to argue. The key was that she was not confident and was even a little worried.
Yun Luo had been to the fire pool formed by the Immortal Flame before. Naturally, it was nothing to her. However, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still there. No matter how hard he tried, it would be difficult for him to cross.
She was afraid that this guy was too stubborn and insisted on entering the fire pool despite knowing that he was not strong enough. It would be bad if he was seriously injured or even died in the fire pool!
Luo Zheng was a fateless person, but it didn't mean that this person's fate was very powerful or that he would not die. It was just that no one could predict his fate …
As for the warriors on the side of the square, although they could not see Luo Zheng's movements, the discussion became even more intense now!
"Luo Zheng must break through 30,000!"
"He's already at 29,800 miles. If he can't break through, it'll be a pity!"
"What do you know? There's a fire pool here. Have you heard of it? Someone investigated the residual power left behind by Celestial Venerable Xuanhuo a few years ago. It's said that even if a Divine Realm warrior touched it, he would be burned to ashes. What do you think Luo Zheng was made of? Do you intend to let him swim through this fire pool? "
Their debate was so intense that it was as if the warrior in the One Thought Sealed Tower was not Luo Zheng, but themselves!
After all, at this stage, it was difficult for them to even look up to Luo Zheng. They would not compare themselves with Luo Zheng. Therefore, during the discussion, some points of view were more objective …
Ai Anxin sat in a corner and pouted like a little girl who had been wronged. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this time, Luo Zheng was indeed standing in front of a huge fire pool.
Although it was called a "pool," the fire pool was actually 200 miles in diameter. It was already comparable to some of the large lakes in the Vast Thousand Domains.
In this fire pool, purple flames soared into the sky, directly cutting through the surrounding nomological storms and entering the dome of the One Thought Sealed Tower, blocking Luo Zheng's path forward.
"I can't understand the nomological power in this flame at all. It's at least a fire nomological law of the fifth level or higher," Luo Zheng murmured.
Luo Zheng understood that this fire nomological law of the fifth level or higher. After all, these nomological storms were the residual power left behind by a Celestial Venerable. The level of nomological laws that a Celestial Venerable could comprehend was not something that Luo Zheng could imagine.
"Moreover, this flame contains the power of the Law of Endless Vitality, and it seems to have fused with the Law of Life …" The Law of Fire represented destruction, and it was contrary to the Law of Life. It was easy to imagine how difficult it was to fuse these two Laws together to create such a flame.
Luo Zheng could control the nomological storms that had been compressed to the extreme to a certain extent, but he could not control the flames in this fire pool!
However, he already had a plan in his heart. The warriors outside the One Thought Sealed Tower were right. Luo Zheng planned to swim over!
In the Vast Thousand Domains, after Luo Zheng's body had been forged into a sacred artifact body, he had not found a suitable flame to calcine it. For Luo Zheng, this fire pool in front of him was not a crisis. Instead, it was an opportunity!
Perhaps he could use this fire pool to improve his physical body again and achieve a divine artifact body!
If his physical body became stronger, the power of the dragon scales that he could bear would increase by another level. This would also be of obvious benefit to the growth of his strength.
However, as he stopped in front of this fire pool, Luo Zheng was a little hesitant.
After all, this fire pool was something left behind by a Celestial Venerable. Perhaps its residual power had weakened countless times over the years, but this purple flame still made Luo Zheng feel afraid.
Could his sacred artifact body withstand the calcination of this purple flame?
Previously, Luo Zheng also understood that his sacred artifact body did not seem to be afraid of any flames. However, this time, the flames he encountered were completely different.
If he did not succeed and was directly burned down, that would be a tragedy …
As he thought of this, Luo Zheng slowly walked to the edge of the fire pool. The closer he got, the more he could feel the blazing heat assaulting his face!
When he was about 30 meters away, Luo Zheng's clothes had already turned into flames. They turned into a pile of white ash and drifted away from his body.
"This flame is the most powerful flame I've ever come into contact with …"
In addition to vigilance, Luo Zheng's eyes also had a trace of expectation. He knew that he was taking a risk, but some dangers had to be taken.

Chapter 1065
Luo Zheng only stretched out one hand, just to be on the safe side.
If this flame could really burn his body to ashes, he could retreat in time. Losing an arm was better than having his entire body burned to ashes.
However, Luo Zheng's idea was somewhat naive.
The moment he touched the purple flame, the flame spread along Luo Zheng's arm to his entire body. The speed at which it spread was far beyond his imagination. There was simply no room for him to react.
The scorching aura of the flame poured directly into Luo Zheng's body, spreading to every part of Luo Zheng's bones and organs.
"Oh, no …" Luo Zheng's face darkened. He didn't expect the purple flame to be so strange.
At this time, Luo Zheng could only clench his teeth and bear the scorching heat of the purple flame. As for whether he could succeed or not, he could only resign himself to fate.
Compared to the previous time when he was burned by the flame, Luo Zheng's body's reaction this time was many times more intense, and the speed was also many times faster!
Under the scorching heat of the flame, Luo Zheng's body turned red again, like a sculpture that had just been poured out of molten steel!
At the same time, golden whirlpools began to rapidly appear on the surface of his body, and they began to rotate rapidly.
Only when those golden whirlpools began to absorb the purple flame did Luo Zheng's heart finally relax.
His previous worry wasn't because Luo Zheng wasn't confident. It was just that the flame left behind by this Heavenly Venerable was too powerful. Even if his body was as strong as a Sacred Tool, Luo Zheng was afraid that if he casually took out a Sacred Tool and threw it into this pool of flame, it would be instantly melted into molten iron …
Luo Zheng himself didn't expect that the flame would be so fierce, but the reaction speed of his body was also extremely fast!
Since he had already drawn the purple flame to his body, Luo Zheng didn't rush to cross the pool of flame. He wanted to wait for his body to absorb the purple flame first.
At this time, the densely packed golden vortexes were also madly absorbing the purple flames. But soon, Luo Zheng discovered a problem.
The speed at which the golden vortexes absorbed the flames was quite fast. It was not an exaggeration to describe it as' swallowing '. Every time the golden vortexes were activated, they would be able to completely absorb the flames within a short period of time. They were like ferocious beasts that had been starving for a thousand years, and were quite greedy for the flames.
But this time, his physical body had been absorbing for a long time, and not only did the purple flames on his body not disappear, they burned even more fiercely.
From a distance, Luo Zheng looked like a burning pillar of fire. The long tongue of fire rose from Luo Zheng's head and rushed to the top of the One Thought Sealed Tower!
"These purple flames seem to be endless. I can't even absorb them!"
Luo Zheng put his hands in front of his chest and looked at the purple flames that were constantly circling around him. His expression was very serious.
Unexpectedly, Xun's voice rang out faintly. "How could Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo's Indestructible Mysterious Flame be extinguished so easily?"
"Indestructible Mysterious Flame?" Luo Zheng asked in reply.
"Yes, this Indestructible Mysterious Flame is also an item of great origin. Moreover, it was not created by Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo himself. It was taken from the Divine Fire World!" Xun continued.
"Divine Fire World?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had never heard of this big world. However, he had not ascended for long, so he did not know much about it. It was normal that he did not know much about it.
The Divine Fire World was also an independent big world in the universe.
However, the special thing about this big world was that the whole big world was burning with raging flames. Moreover, there were all kinds of flames in this big world!
This kind of environment was not suitable for living creatures to live in. Only very few creatures that could withstand fire or creatures with special forms could survive here. It could also be said that flames were the original inhabitants of the Divine Fire World!
In fact, whether it was flames or thunderbolts, they would gradually condense into spirits and slowly give birth to intelligence.
Just like the golden wind blades in the storm that Luo Zheng encountered in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, they also had their own intelligence.
The Indestructible Mysterious Flame was very rare in the huge Divine Fire World.
In order to obtain this flame, Celestial Venerate Xuanhuo had personally entered the Divine Fire World and spent almost ten years to capture a wisp of this flame. After that, he had carefully cultivated it to its current scale!
The biggest characteristic of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame was that it could not be extinguished.
Of course, this was relatively speaking. For example, most of the remnant power left behind by the Celestial Venerates in the nomological storm gradually disintegrated into nomological fragments. However, the Indestructible Mysterious Flame was still burning fiercely. Although its power was many times weaker than before, it still could not be extinguished.
Hearing that the Mysterious Flame could not be extinguished, Luo Zheng immediately became anxious.
"This … the Indestructible Mysterious Flame cannot be extinguished. Doesn't that mean it will always burn on my body? How long can it burn for? "Luo Zheng asked.
"This Indestructible Mysterious Flame can burn on your body for at least tens of thousands of years. Hee hee, running around with this flame for tens of thousands of years is also very cool!" Xun laughed.
Looking at the current situation, Luo Zheng's Sacred Artifact body could withstand the burning of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame. After absorbing this Indestructible Mysterious Flame, Luo Zheng's physical body was very likely to take another step forward and complete a new round of transformation.
The problem was that if the flame could not be extinguished, Luo Zheng could not walk around with the flame all over his body, right? He could not even wear clothes.
Moreover, Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Pouch, Sumeru Ring, and other belongings were still placed not far away …
If he could not extinguish the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, he could not take those things away. The Sumeru Ring that Ning Yudie gave him was not of a high grade. If it was burned by the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, it would probably melt in an instant.
Now, Luo Zheng was completely at a loss.
However, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. He found that Xun's tone was very relaxed …
Xun now supported Luo Zheng almost unconditionally. Since she already knew the characteristics of the Indestructible Mysterious Flame, she should have stopped him when he tried to use the Indestructible Mysterious Flame to refine his body.
However, not only did Xun not stop him, but her tone was also very relaxed. It seemed that Xun had a way to break it?
"Well … Don't tease Luo Zheng anymore. Luo Zheng, you forgot about the Ancestral Dragon. Although it is now in its infancy and has no fighting power, it still has some abilities that can be used." Qinglong's voice sounded faintly.
Ancestral Dragon? Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The Ancestral Dragon that had just been born was still in Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Pouch. However, since he ascended, this guy had been sleeping for a long time. When he was in the Cloud Mist Palace, Luo Zheng let the Ancestral Dragon out for a few rounds occasionally. However, this little guy did not seem to like him very much. Every time he let it out, it seemed to be looking for Xi Youqin's figure.
In fact, the Ancestral Dragon had no interest in eating Xi Youqin's dishes. It only liked the delicious food made by Xi Youqin.
When Qinglong mentioned the Ancestral Dragon, he quickly reacted. This Ancestral Dragon seemed to be able to ignore all the Power of Law!
When Luo Zheng was in the Tian Chen Secret Territory, he was unable to take out the Ancestral Dragon's egg. He had relied on this ability of the Ancestral Dragon to easily break through the restrictions of the spatial refraction. However, Luo Zheng and many Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan were unable to enter the spatial refraction.
"The Ancestral Dragon …"
Looking at the Spirit Beast Pouch, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with light.
However, he did not reach out to take the Spirit Beast Pouch. Instead, he gently flicked the Spirit Beast Pouch from a distance. With a "Gu Gu" sound, a figure dashed towards Luo Zheng and directly jumped into Luo Zheng's arms.
This little guy had been kept in the Spirit Beast Pouch by Luo Zheng most of the time. Although the space inside the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small, it would still feel suffocated. Therefore, it ran out to get some fresh air.
This time, it jumped up, just like how it ignored the spatial refraction. It did not put Luo Zheng's Indestructible Flame in its eyes. Moreover, this Indestructible Flame did not cause any harm to the Ancestral Dragon!
This guy was immune to all the Power of Law …
At this time, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand in front of the Ancestral Dragon. The raging purple flames on his hands were still burning, showing no signs of weakening.
When the Ancestral Dragon saw this, it understood tacitly. It directly opened its small dragon mouth and swallowed the flames on Luo Zheng's hands …
Not long after, Luo Zheng began to fly across the fire pool. When he flew across the fire pool, he would still be contaminated by the Indestructible Flame. He did not let the Ancestral Dragon clean up the Indestructible Flame on his body. If he wanted to clean up the Indestructible Flame, he would have to cross the two hundred miles first.
At this time, the warriors outside the One Thought Sealed Tower found that Luo Zheng was moving forward again!
(Thank you Jia Shao for the 5K reward. Thank you Xu Guo for the 1K reward. Thank you Tao Lexing for the reward ^ _ ^ Thank you everyone for your monthly votes! It's a bit late, sorry!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1066
"This kid … actually dares to force his way into the fire pool!"
"Even if he touches the Undying Mysterious Flame, it will never be extinguished. Even if his body is burned to ashes, it won't be extinguished! Isn't this kid afraid of dying? "
Luo Zheng had stopped in front of the fire pool for quite some time. Many palace lords didn't think that he would dare to step into the fire pool. In the end, he would still give up!
Facing the Undying Mysterious Flame, giving up was a wise choice. Choosing to continue forward was blind confidence …
These palace lords were all near the sector lord level. How broad was their vision? It was reasonable for him to make such a judgment.
One palace lord said, "Sunset sector lord, shouldn't we forcefully bring that kid back?"
The Sunset sector lord's face revealed a pondering expression. If such a monstrous kid died in the One Thought Sealed Tower, that would be a real pity …
Ai An Xin would definitely be taken into the Spring Fragrance Pavilion.
And this Luo Zheng would very likely be taken in by the Lingyan Pavilion!
Thinking about this, the Sunset sector lord felt that he couldn't sit here and watch the show. He suddenly stood up and prepared to step into the One Thought Sealed Tower.
To a sector lord level existence, one step could cross tens of thousands of miles. It was just a blink of an eye.
But at this time, Yun Luo's voice floated over, "Sunset sector lord, please wait …"
"How is it?" The Sunset sector lord's face revealed a strange expression.
"For now, there's no need to bring Luo Zheng out. He … won't die." Yun Luo's expression was calm as she said.
Just now, Yun Luo was indeed a bit worried about Luo Zheng. The judgement of these palace lords was reasonable. Yun Luo himself could also predict the situation when Luo Zheng stepped into the fire pool.
But after thinking about it, Yun Luo's confidence gradually rose. Luo Zheng wasn't a blind person. Since he chose to continue forward, he naturally had his own reasons and confidence.
The judgement of these palace lords was reasonable, but Luo Zheng wasn't a reasonable person to begin with!
After Yun Luo spoke, the Sunset sector lord stopped his steps. He actually also wanted to see if Luo Zheng could cross the fire pool …
However, the Palace Masters were no longer worried.
This was because they discovered that Luo Zheng was still maintaining a fast speed in the pool of fire.
The entire Fire Pool only covered an area of two hundred miles.
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow, so it wouldn't take him too much time to pass through it.
After about half an hour, one of the Palace Masters said in a daze, "He went over …"
"He's already broken the great limit of thirty thousand miles. This kid's speed is increasing again!"
"30,500 li!"
Then, the Palace Masters fell silent. The other genius warriors on the other side of the square also fell silent.
Ai Anxin was speechless …
Master said that she would be the main character of this great era, the darling of this era.
But now, compared to Luo Zheng, she already paled in comparison …
She lowered her head and took off a blue butterfly hair ornament from her head. She kept rubbing it in her palm.
The butterfly hair ornament was lifelike. It was a second-grade auxiliary divine tool. This blue butterfly was also an item with a great origin. Ai Anxin always hung it on her hair above her right ear.
When she was nervous, Ai Anxin liked to clench her fists. When she was depressed or frustrated, she liked to rub some of the small ornaments on her body.
This second-grade divine tool, under Ai Anxin's pair of jade-like hands, cracks began to appear on it.
As she continued to rub it, she heard a small cracking sound. The miniature divine patterns on the butterfly's wings began to shatter one by one. The entire butterfly hair ornament started to break into two pieces from the middle. Then, under her fingers, it turned into countless pieces.
The price of a second-grade divine tool wasn't cheap. It wasn't easy to destroy it. She obviously used her true energy to destroy this butterfly hair ornament.
When the pieces in Ai Anxin's hand turned into powder, she suddenly raised her head. Her beautiful eyes were filled with a strong aura!
"I, Ai Anxin, have indeed lost for a while. But in the next segment, I won't lose to you, Luo Zheng!" She whispered.
The Torch Flame Inheritance wasn't only the segment of One Thought Sealed Tower. This time, Ai Anxin had lost to Luo Zheng. But after adjusting her state of mind, Ai Anxin wasn't discouraged in the slightest!
It was just that the price she paid to adjust her state of mind was a bit high. She had destroyed a second-grade divine tool and crushed the butterfly hair ornament into dust. But thinking about those geniuses who were unable to recover from the setback, Ai Anxin's heart of martial arts was already extremely valiant!
While everyone was silent, Luo Zheng continued to break through.
31,000 li ….
32,000 li ….
33,000 li ….
….
Now, everyone no longer set an upper limit to the distance Luo Zheng could reach. No one could predict when he would stop.
Only when Luo Zheng sprinted to 36,000 li did Luo Zheng stop!
Because here, Luo Zheng saw a waterfall formed by thunder and lightning!
This thunder and lightning was wrapped in the power of the Law of Water. This thunder and lightning was like a huge waterfall flowing down from above.
As it flowed down, the violent power of thunder and lightning intertwined and collided with each other, blossoming with dazzling light. The power it emitted was even more intense than the fire pool from before. This should be the "masterpiece" of an Empyrean.
After reaching this point, Luo Zheng finally stopped.
Maybe Luo Zheng still had a chance to pass through this waterfall of thunder and lightning, but Luo Zheng didn't need to take this risk.
Challenging one's limits might be important, but if one didn't know what was right or wrong and rushed forward without any assurance, such a martial artist was doomed to not live for long.
Previously, he dared to pass through the fire pool because he had absolute confidence in the characteristics of his body. He could easily resist the attack of the Law of Fire. With this assurance, Luo Zheng only needed to grit his teeth and rush forward.
But Luo Zheng didn't have much resistance to the power of thunder and lightning.
Therefore, Luo Zheng summoned the Ancestral Dragon and began to let it completely devour the Law of Fire on his body!
After passing through the fire pool, Luo Zheng didn't put the Ancestral Dragon into the Spirit Beast Pouch. Instead, he let it accompany him as he flew.
In any case, this little guy seemed to completely ignore the Law of Fire and could freely soar in this storm.
This time, he borrowed the Inextinguishable Profound Flame to burn his body. Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to extinguish the Inextinguishable Profound Flame. Since those golden whirlpools were constantly absorbing the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, then he would absorb it to his heart's content.
At present, those golden whirlpools gradually began to close. Luo Zheng would naturally get rid of the Inextinguishable Profound Flame. Otherwise, as Xun said, if he really walked out with the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, it would indeed look very cool, but it would be too shocking.
After the Ancestral Dragon completely devoured the Inextinguishable Profound Flame, this guy seemed to be full. He rolled in the air, even burped, and protruded a ball of flame …
Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand toward the Ancestral Dragon.
Accompanied by a "gu gu" sound, Luo Zheng stuffed it back into the Spirit Beast Pouch. The Ancestral Dragon seemed to be very dissatisfied. It even bumped around in the Spirit Beast Pouch for a while before it calmed down.
As the Inextinguishable Profound Flame gradually extinguished, Luo Zheng's originally red body, which looked like it was made of molten steel, began to gradually cool down.
After this round of calcining, Luo Zheng's entire body increased by another level. Luo Zheng looked at his chest. It seemed that no divine patterns had appeared. He couldn't determine what level his body was at, or what grade of divine tool it was. He could only slowly verify it in the future.
However, the strength of Luo Zheng's body had indeed increased by a large margin!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly began to condense the power of the dragon scales!
The surging power of the dragon scales rapidly poured into his body.
One thousand …
Three thousand …
Five thousand …
Ten thousand …
Fifteen thousand …
Luo Zheng lit up all the power of the dragon scales. However, Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange in his body. The only feeling he had was that his body was filled with surging power!
He clenched his fist. Under the slight vibration of the enormous power, the surrounding space was distorted!

Chapter 1067
Collecting the Sky Evolution Essence was not a particularly difficult task for Luo Zheng now.
Previously, he had been restricted by his body as a Divine Artifact. Now, he no longer had this concern.
His body had already become a Divine Artifact. Although he did not know what grade of Divine Artifact it was, it could definitely hold more than 10,000 dragon scales.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly patted his head.
If his body continued to strengthen, would it step into the ranks of Divine Artifacts?
It was said that the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele was very special. Although the Karma Law it contained was not helpful in battle, it could sniff out all the divine weapons in the universe.
If his fleshly body was strengthened to that extent, would his name appear on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele?
For Luo Zheng, this was not a small problem. He did not want to expose his special constitution in front of others.
Thus, Luo Zhengcai voiced out his worries …
As a result, Xun and Qinglong made the same judgment at the same time. This was very likely!
Although Luo Zheng's body looked like a body of flesh and blood, its essence had been changed by the Divine Fire Cauldron. To put it bluntly, in many aspects, it was a body of a Magic Treasure.
It could be said that he was half human and half Magic Treasure.
However, this situation had never happened in the universe. Xun and Qinglong only thought it was possible, but they could not be sure whether his name would appear on the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele.
…
Luo Zheng stopped in front of the Lightning Waterfall. The Palace Masters, including the Sunset Realm Lord and Yun Luo, almost thought that he was going to walk through the Lightning Waterfall.
At this time, even Yun Luo began to feel nervous. If Luo Zheng was really going to do this, she might go in personally to bring Luo Zheng out.
However, after pausing for a while at the 36,000-mile mark, Luo Zheng voluntarily gave up. After choosing to give up, he appeared at the entrance of the One Thought Sealed Tower.
At this time, Luo Zheng had experienced the burning of the Mysterious Fire, and his whole body had improved to another level. Because his clothes were burned, he took out a spare set of clothes. It was a set of white clothes, and he looked very energetic.
Many martial artists returned from One Thought Sealed Pagoda. If they were not injured, they were covered in dirt. This Luo Zheng had entered 36,000 miles, which was twice as deep as Empyrean Mirage Sea and 8000 miles further than Ai Anxin. The dangers within were not hard to imagine for the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces.
But this guy looked perfectly fine, as if he had just returned from a vacation.
Many martial artists were speechless, and even more martial artists were indignant. The disparity between martial artists was too great. Could this Luo Zheng have used some method to cheat in the One Thought Sealed Tower?
But with so many Palace Masters and even Sector Lords watching, the possibility of cheating was too small. They could only think about it and at least comfort their hearts.
"Luo Zheng, come up." Yun Luo's clear voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng nodded. With a kick of his legs, he flew up to the top of the building. His eyes met with Ai Anxin's first.
If Luo Zheng had come out a little earlier, Ai Anxin would not have adjusted her state of mind and would have fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. But after adjusting herself, she smiled naturally and said, "Congratulations!"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and turned his face to Yun Luo. Ai Anxin still stared at Luo Zheng and said in her heart, "Congratulations are congratulations, but it's not like there's no chance to win back …"
On the other side, Yun Luo smiled faintly at Luo Zheng and said, "I believe that no one will be able to achieve this result in the future. You did not disappoint me. Congratulations!"
"Thank you." Luo Zheng smiled and said.
At this time, Yun Luo looked at the Sunset Sector Lord and introduced him to Luo Zheng, "This is the Sunset Sector Lord. He promised that there would be different rewards for reaching 20,000 miles and 30,000 miles!"
"There's a reward?" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
Previously, he only heard that there were rewards for reaching 1,000 miles, 3,000 miles, and 10,000 miles. Naturally, he did not know about the latter. Moreover, Luo Zheng did his best to reach 36,000 miles, not for any reward.
But if there was a reward, and it was the Great Sector Lord's reward, Luo Zheng would certainly not refuse …
Since the Sunset Sector Lord had made this promise, he naturally would not go back on his words. The Great Sector Lord looked up and down at Luo Zheng and smiled slightly. "Young man, I did promise these two rewards, but the 30,000 miles reward was forced out by Yun Luo. But I have already thought about it. First, let's talk about the 20,000 miles reward. What do you want?"
"What do I want?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He already had an answer in his heart.
"A spear. I want a spear!" Luo Zheng said.
"A spear?" Ai Anxin could not help but ask, "What do you want a spear for? Don't you use a sword? Do you still know how to use a spear? "
Luo Zheng wanted a spear naturally because of Xun. Now that her Sword Spirit Body had strengthened, Xun's soul had recovered by more than half, but she did not have a suitable weapon right now.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to enter the Divine Weapon Hall to help Xun choose a spear, but he was restricted by the fact that he did not have enough Zhen Yuanyu …
Yun Luo naturally understood. The Yao Ye Clan's King of Massacre's weapon was a spear. Luo Zheng's weapon was to help Xun. He had found the right person this time!
"Haha." The Sunset Great Realm Lord laughed out loud.
Luo Zheng looked at the Sunset Sector Lord with a strange expression.
The Sunset Sector Lord said, "What a coincidence. I also use a spear as a weapon!"
After saying this, several rays of light shot out from behind the Sunset Sector Lord like dragons emerging from the sea. They floated in front of Luo Zheng.
"You can choose from these four spears." The Sunset Sector Lord said indifferently with a proud expression.
Since he was a cultivator who used a spear, he naturally had many good spears. These four spears were of different colors and lengths, but each spear emitted a different aura. They were definitely not ordinary.
When Yun Luo saw the four spears, she smiled and said, "I'm afraid the Sunset Sector Lord has more than these few good spears."
"Hehe." The Sunset Sector Lord smiled faintly, "Indeed, these four spears can all be listed in the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele. However, I still have two grade one divine weapons. They can also be ranked in the top 4000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele, second only to the supreme divine weapons. But if Luo Zheng chooses that spear, I'm afraid I won't be able to give you the thirty thousand mile reward …"
A grade one divine weapon that could be listed in the top 4000 was a high divine weapon. The top 3000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele were all supreme divine weapons.
Yun Luo asked Luo Zheng, "If you choose that spear, the Sunset Sector Lord will have to use two rewards to exchange for it!"
Luo Zheng had to make the decision himself.
However, at this time, Xun said indifferently, "Luo Zheng, you don't need to use two rewards to exchange for it."
Luo Zheng was still a little hesitant. Xun was now a powerful fighting force to Luo Zheng. If he could give her a better spear, Luo Zheng wouldn't hesitate. As for one or two rewards, he didn't care.
However, Xun said, "No need, I just want the black spear on the far right."
Since Xun didn't want to use it, Luo Zheng couldn't force her. He nodded and said to the Sunset Sector Lord, "No need, I just want this spear!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng pointed at the white spear on the far right.
"Oh?" The Sunset Sector Lord's face flashed with a trace of surprise, "You seem to have studied spears? Or did someone else teach you? "After speaking, he looked at Yun Luo.
These four spears were all ranked in the top 9000 on the Universe Thousand Spirit Stele. However, there was a slight difference between the top and bottom. The Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear was ranked the highest. It was now ranked 9036.
However, the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele would be refreshed every month. The words on the stele would change, and the ranking would also constantly change. The lower the ranking of the treasures, the greater the fluctuations in the ranking. However, the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear was much more outstanding than the other three spears.
Luo Zheng saw this spear and thought that Yun Luo was teaching Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1068
This was the truth. Although others couldn't hear Zhen Yuan transmissions, they could feel it.
How sensitive was the Sunset Realm Lord to Zhen Yuan?
Just now, Yun Luo didn't sense any Zhen Yuan fluctuations.
The Sunset Realm Lord nodded, revealing a look of admiration. Many times, a martial artist's insight was very important.
He reached out his hand and lightly flicked the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear. The white spear spun and shot toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng grabbed the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear and sized it up. He discovered that there were faint plum blossom patterns on the spear shaft.
A strand of primal chaos Qi burst out from his palm and quietly entered the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear!
In the next moment, the plum blossoms on the spear shaft gradually revealed themselves, turning into blood-colored plum blossoms. Under the blossoming of the blood-colored light, the spear was bright and glistening. At the same time, it revealed a boundless and ancient aura. This Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear had the words' Ancient Blood 'on it.
"Eh? Your Zhen Yuan … why is it so condensed? The color of the activated plum blossoms is so gorgeous! "The Sunset Realm Lord's face flickered with a strange expression.
As a Realm Lord, the Zhen Yuan he condensed was many times more condensed than the Zhen Yuan of a Life and Death Realm kid. However, he still couldn't activate the Ancient Blood to this extent. How did Luo Zheng do it?
Unless Luo Zheng had a strand of Ancient Blood in his body and could interact with the Ancient Blood in the spear, it would be impossible.
However, the Sunset Realm Lord couldn't sense any Ancient Blood from Luo Zheng's body. This made the Sunset Realm Lord very puzzled …
However, every genius more or less had their own secrets. For example, Luo Zheng was able to fly thirty-six thousand miles with his physical body. It was already difficult to guess what kind of ability he used to travel such a long distance, so he wouldn't ask about it.
The other Palace Lords looked at the spear in Luo Zheng's hand with a faint trace of envy.
The main weapons in the hands of these Palace Masters were about the same grade as Luo Zheng's spear. However, Luo Zheng was able to obtain such a powerful weapon at his cultivation level. How could they not be envious?
"Sunset Sector Lord, what's the reward for traversing thirty thousand miles?" Yun Luo seized the opportunity to interject.
The Sunset Realm Lord chuckled and said, "After the Torch Flame Inheritance is over, I will naturally tell Luo Zheng!"
Unlike the Exquisite Pagoda of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the Torch Flame Inheritance was a pure trial. This trial was divided into two parts. The first part was naturally the One Thought Seal Tower, and the second part was the Dream Challenge.
After Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin descended from the roof, they joined the group of warriors.
Luo Zheng found a corner and sat down. Ai Anxin also sat beside Luo Zheng.
Many warriors of the Thirteen Palaces suddenly remembered why Ai Anxin only allowed Luo Zheng to sit beside her when they were comprehending the Law Stone Inscriptions.
After understanding this, they sighed in their hearts. Indeed, there were not many people in the younger generation who were qualified to sit beside Ai Anxin. Luo Zheng must be one of them …
At this time, the linen-clothed old man floated in the air, and an old voice leisurely sounded.
"Warriors of the Thirteen Palaces will enter the Dream Space next! Soon, the Dream Battlefield will open. This trial in the Dream Space will be a preview of the Dream Battlefield. Everyone, work hard! "
After saying this, the linen-clothed old man walked in front to lead the way, and the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces got up and followed behind him.
Ai Anxin's face was as calm as water, but there was an uncontrollable excitement in her heart!
She had already lost the One Thought Seal Tower.
However, she must win the next trial in the Dream Space!
It was an extremely difficult thing for Ai Xin to compromise and admit defeat wholeheartedly. After confirming her fate, the effort she put in was ten times that of other martial artists!
In this great battle, she was not willing to only be a supporting role. Perhaps, Luo Zheng was an obstacle arranged by God for her. Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence that Luo Zheng appeared, and he was even more monstrous than her!
I will definitely surpass you!
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Ai Anxin's eyes flashed. Her strong determination made her unconsciously exude a decisive aura, causing the other warriors to look at her.
Only Luo Zheng did not look back. He walked in front of Ai Anxin with his head held high, but the corners of his mouth were slightly curved.
The Dream Space on Changsu Island was built in an ancient palace, and it was not far from the One Thought Seal Tower. Everyone quickly arrived at their destination.
"Two hundred people will form a group! Enter the Dream Space to accept the trial. "After the plain-clothed old man finished speaking, he took out a list of names. With a light stroke of his finger, the names of two hundred warriors appeared on the list.
Then, one by one, golden names appeared above everyone's head.
The warriors who saw their names stepped out one after another. With a flash of their bodies, they entered the ancient palace.
Then, they sat down cross-legged …
Luo Zheng had only entered the Dream Space once, so he knew that after they sat down, they placed a complete mirror image of themselves into the Dream Space.
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at Ai Anxin beside him.
Ai Anxin took the initiative to ask, "What do you want to ask? Have you never entered the Dream Space before? "
She already knew that Luo Zheng was an Ascender, and he had only ascended for a short time. The possibility of him not entering the Dream Space was relatively high.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I've been there once. What I want to ask is, what is the Dream Realization Battlefield?"
Ai Anxin smiled gently, "The Dream Realization Battlefield will open in a few years!"
"Then what will happen after it opens?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's very simple. The Dream Realization Battlefield will be filled with all the geniuses in the universe. The successors of various Realm Lords, Heavenly Venerables, and some hidden peerless geniuses will all participate." Ai Anxin smiled and said, "Actually, I haven't seen it either. Or rather, not a single living being in this Evolution Era has seen it!"
"Not even a single living being in this Evolution Era has seen it?" Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
An Evolution Era was 3.6 billion years. It was said that the end of an Evolution Era was often accompanied by a great extinction.
Countless living beings in the universe would be annihilated and reshuffled. After the next Evolution Era, they would slowly blossom with vitality …
This universe was an Evolution Era, and the cycle of an Evolution Era was endless. No one knew how many Evolution Eras it had gone through.
When an Evolution Era ended, even the Heavenly Dao would collapse. For example, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Dao fragment was a fragment of the Heavenly Dao from the previous Evolution Era.
Only an extremely small number of peerless powerhouses could survive from the previous Evolution Era to the next Evolution Era, breaking through the great extinction limit.
"What's so strange about it? It is said that the Dream Realization Battlefield was originally opened with the Battle of the Great Eras. Or perhaps, the Dream Realization Battlefield is the prelude to the Battle of the Great Eras!" Ai Anxin felt that all of this was common knowledge, but he still needed to explain it to Luo Zheng.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Now, everyone's attention was on the trial in the ancient palace.
Under the arrangement of the linen-clothed old man, there were people who hung up rows of letter tablets, allowing others to investigate the situation in the ancient palace.
200 people entered the Dream Realization Space at the same time. It was definitely not for everyone to compete.
When the letter tablets were hung up, Luo Zheng could clearly see that after these martial artists entered the Dream Realization Space, they were constantly accepting challenge after challenge!
Soon, some martial artists were eliminated. Their projections died in the Dream Realization Space, and their true bodies opened their eyes, dejectedly walking out of the ancient palace.
As time went on, the difficulty of the challenge would increase, and more and more people would leave.
The last person persisted for 11 rounds of challenges before his projection died in the Dream Realization Space. When he opened his eyes, he discovered that he was the only one left in the ancient palace, and his face naturally revealed a proud expression.
After all 200 people left the ancient palace, the linen-clothed old man shook his head. "The best result in this round was only 11 rounds of challenges. Too bad, too bad …"
Obviously, the linen-clothed old man's evaluation of these 200 people was not high. He did not even mention the name of the first place.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1069
"The second batch!"
The old man stretched out his hand and drew on the list again, circling two hundred names.
As the names floated out, the martial artists who saw their own names entered the ancient palace one after another.
The vast majority of martial artists could survive the first six rounds of the challenge in the illusory space.
After the sixth round, the difficulty would increase, and martial artists would constantly die and be eliminated from the illusory space.
Seventh round, eighth round, ninth round, tenth round …
As the difficulty increased, more and more martial artists were eliminated.
However, among the second batch of martial artists, there were a few who were more eye-catching.
For example, the martial artist surnamed Li persisted until the nineteenth round before being eliminated!
This time, the old man was somewhat satisfied and said, "Among this batch of martial artists, Li You Ran persisted until the nineteenth round. Not bad!"
A faint smile appeared on Li You Ran's face, but his gaze indifferently swept over Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin. Geniuses who could enter the thirteen palaces were all very conceited after all.
Before participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Li You Ran had been very confident in his own strength. However, in the One Thought Seal Tower, this Li cultivator had been defeated by Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin!
Even though he knew that it would be very difficult for him to obtain the first place, he never imagined that the gap between him and the two would be so large …
The trial in the dreamland wasn't a competition of endurance. Instead, it was a competition of strength. He wondered how strong Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were.
Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm, while Ai Anxin was a woman … His mind was filled with distracting thoughts, and he naturally did not want them to surpass him.
"The third batch!"
Luo Zheng looked at the names in the air one after another, but still could not find his name.
Ai Anxin also did not see her name. She took off her heart-shaped earring and gently kneaded it in her palm. This time, she did not use too much strength and crushed the earring.
However, in the third batch of martial artists, there was Xue Muyang from the thirteen palaces.
Xue Muyang had suffered a lot of injuries in the One Thought Seal Tower, but after the treatment just now, he had recovered a lot.
Two hundred people entered the ancient palace, and the martial artists quickly took their positions and projected themselves into the illusory space …
Endless slaughter, endless elimination …
Among this group of martial artists, the one with the best performance was still Xue Muyang. If they were ranked according to the results of the One Thought Sealed Tower, Xue Muyang would be ranked in the top three.
Although his radiance was completely overshadowed by Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, there were still many martial artists who thought highly of him.
But the result was shocking. In the end, he only lasted until the seventeenth round.
As the number one warrior of the Misty Cloud Palace, he had only lasted until the seventeenth round. This result was a little bad.
When he left the ancient palace, Xue Muyang appeared somewhat dejected. Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head when he saw Xue Muyang's appearance. Although Xue Muyang was stubborn, he had placed his stubbornness on others and relied on others to strengthen his own beliefs. In the end, it was not reliable, and his foundation could be easily shaken.
As for Yun Luo, her expression was indifferent and she had no reaction to this.
The fourth batch …
The fifth batch …
The sixth batch …
Just like this, one batch after another, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's names were still not circled.
Luo Zheng was a little confused. It seemed that the linen-clothed old man had done this deliberately. He most likely wanted to arrange for him to be in the last batch, and Ai Anxin should be in the same batch as him.
There were more than four thousand martial artists. Although two hundred people entered the ancient palace in one go, it would probably be more than twenty batches later when it was their turn.
Ai Anxin could roughly see it, so she no longer raised her head to look for her name.
As more and more martial artists entered the Illusory Space, there were also some very amazing results.
Previously, some martial artists might have only walked seven to eight thousand miles in the One Thought Sealed Tower, or even four to five thousand miles, but in the end, they obtained good results.
After all, the One Thought Sealed Tower tested a martial artist's patience and comprehension of the laws.
Combat strength was linked to these things, but some martial artists' strength could not be displayed in the storm of laws.
Because of this, there was a relatively big change in the rankings. Several martial artists of the Heavenly Palaces obtained excellent results, such as the Guanghan Heavenly Palace, Flourishing Golden Heavenly Palace, and other Heavenly Palaces, who obtained good results in twenty rounds.
The Palace Masters of these Heavenly Palaces naturally felt proud and elated.
It was only when they inadvertently glanced at Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin that they felt a little unhappy. These two monstrous little guys had not appeared yet, so the final result was really hard to say.
After several hours, it was finally the last batch's turn!
The last batch of martial artists could not be gathered. There were two hundred and sixty-three people in total.
The remaining martial artists knew that it was their turn even without the linen-clothed old man calling their names.
However, when the linen-clothed old man drew those names, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin still did not find their names.
What was going on? Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
Ai Anxin also tilted her head, her face full of confusion.
The linen-clothed old man in midair seemed to have noticed their expressions, so he said, "You two are at the end!"
"Is this necessary …" Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. As for the linen-clothed old man, he had a very willful expression and insisted that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin be at the end.
The other 161 people entered the ancient palace one after another to undergo the trial.
At this time, on the other side of Changsu Island, in front of that huge rock …
After Luo Zheng left, a crack appeared on those large characters on the boulder.
The cracking speed was very, very slow.
Four hours after Luo Zheng left, two cracks also appeared on the other two big characters …
The cracking speed was constantly increasing. In these two days, countless cracks had already appeared on those big characters carved by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian in the past!
The two Extreme God Realm martial artists, in these two days and two nights, also stared at what was happening in front of them without blinking.
They had endured tens of thousands of years, so what was two days and two nights?
However, these two days and two nights were as long as a thousand or ten thousand years to Old Chen and Old Xu.
They didn't know what Luo Zheng had done, but at least he had triggered the big characters left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian. This meant that the mystery left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian was very likely to be unraveled.
It was very likely that this mystery didn't exist. This result would be a fatal blow to the two of them, and they might even die on the spot!
However, if this mystery was unraveled, they would only need to comprehend 10% or 20% of it to benefit immensely!
The two of them weren't very talented. Even if they worked hard, they would only be able to get the position of Deputy City Lord in a tenth-rank Holy Land of a Great Realm.
Martial artists who were willing to comprehend here were generally divided into two types. One type was extremely talented and believed that they could comprehend the mystery left behind by Heavenly Venerable Yi Jian. The other type was like Old Chen and Old Xu, who had ordinary talent but weren't willing to be mediocre for the rest of their lives.
Therefore, these two days were the most important days of their lives for them.
More and more cracks appeared, and the characters began to slowly peel off. They slid down the stone wall and fell to the ground, smashing into pieces.
Every time a fragment fell, Old Chen would be the first to rush up and collect the stone fragments like they were precious treasures. As he collected them like this, the fragments piled up into a small mountain.
He had also investigated these fragments. They were just ordinary stones without anything special about them. However, they had stared at these things for tens of thousands of years. Even stones were considered treasures …
When the last fragment fell off, all the words on the huge stone wall were peeled off, leaving only a few rows of irregular words on the edge.
There was no reaction, nor was there any mystery …
Old Xu's face revealed a bitter smile. "From now on, we can be free."

Chapter 1070
After spending so much time and effort, all they got in the end was nothing. How big of a blow was this?
The two of them had a crazed look on their faces. They were almost unable to control themselves …
But at this moment, a bit of white mist suddenly appeared on the stone wall. A thin layer of mist spread out along the stone wall.
In the beginning, this layer of white mist was very light. If one didn't look carefully, they wouldn't be able to see it clearly. The two of them sat on the ground, venting their uncontrollable emotions, but they didn't see it.
As the white mist became thicker and thicker, it gradually became more conspicuous.
Old Chen lay on the ground, looking at the sky and laughing miserably. Old Xu, on the other hand, was looking at the stone wall. His crazed smile froze on his face, and his eyes were filled with astonishment.
Old Chen felt that something was wrong with Old Xu and asked, "What's wrong …"
Old Xu stared blankly at the stone wall. He pointed at the white mist and said, "What, what is that?"
Old Chen quivered when he heard this. He suddenly flipped over and stared intently at the stone wall. Soon after, his eyes suddenly revealed a bright glow. A wild joy immediately surfaced on his face.
"This, this is … the sword cloud left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword! This, this … this is … "Old Chen was so excited that he couldn't even speak clearly.
Old Xu's face was also filled with excitement. His mouth was slightly open, and his whole body was frozen in place …
The white mist in front of them seemed to be slowly drifting out from the boulder. The mist contained moisture, which caused the boulder to become wet.
However, the speed at which the mist condensed was very slow. It took a while for a thin layer to appear. Although Old Chen deduced that this was a sword cloud, he couldn't see its shape for the time being. He could only wait for the mist to condense a little more …
At this moment, Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what was going on outside the Torch Flame Inheritance.
Now, all the cultivators had finished the test — except for Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
Since the linen-clothed old man had arranged it this way, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin didn't have any objections. After the old man circled the last two names, the two of them stepped into the ancient palace.
After a short moment, Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space …
This Illusory Space seemed to be filled with mist. It was like a paradise on earth, giving people an illusory feeling.
Amidst the mist, there were several circular stone platforms. There were a total of two hundred stone platforms, so each time, they could accommodate two hundred people to undergo the trial at the same time.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of one of the stone platforms. He glanced around and looked at a stone platform not far from his right. Although there was a thick layer of clouds, he could still see a blurry silhouette on the stone platform.
......................
...............................
When the clouds dissipated, Ai Anxin smiled and faced Luo Zheng with a pale green sword in his hand.
......................
. Ai Anxin liked to collect all kinds of hair ornaments. Therefore, she often wore all kinds of beautiful hair ornaments on her head.
But now, she had taken off all of her hair accessories, and her perfectly straight black hair fluttered in the wind, reaching a length of ten feet …
She slowly raised the azure sword. Facing Luo Zheng, she suddenly said loudly, "This time, I will be more serious!"
It wasn't that Ai Anxin wasn't serious in the One Thought Sealed Tower. She didn't use all of her strength. She thought that twenty-eight thousand li was enough. Except for her, no one else could reach this distance.
But the result proved that her idea was laughable. Luo Zheng not only broke through twenty-eight thousand li, but he also left Ai Anxin behind!
This time, she wouldn't give Luo Zheng another chance.
The linen-clothed old man deliberately arranged this. Maybe he saw that Ai Anxin didn't use all of her strength, or maybe it was the Sunset Realm Lord's suggestion, so he made this arrangement.
There were only the two of them in the Illusory Space. They were very close to each other. She could observe Luo Zheng's progress at any time. This time, she wouldn't give Luo Zheng another chance!
"You can begin!" The linen-clothed old man's voice came from outside the Illusory Space. "Step on the round plate under your feet. You can start the trial."
At this time, the Sunset Realm Lord, all the Palace Masters, Vice Palace Masters, and the warriors who finished the trial were staring at the two people on the letter tablets.
Luo Zheng looked at his feet and saw that there were many round plates in the center of the stone platform. Each of the round plates had different numbers written on them. The first round plate under Luo Zheng's feet had the number "One" written on it. Clearly, stepping on this round plate would start the first round of the trial.
Without hesitation, Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped on the plate.
When Ai Anxin saw this scene, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She turned her head and her astonishingly long black hair fluttered in the air. It was as if someone had used a brush to draw a line in the air. She also used the tip of her foot to lightly touch the first plate.
The first round of the Illusory Space had begun.
Around the stone platform, a circle of heavily armored soldiers with heavy helmets appeared.
Seeing these soldiers, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with indifference. He took the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in his hand. He didn't use the sword's ability. Facing these soldiers who surrounded him, Luo Zheng's longsword slashed horizontally. Under the sword's light, the soldiers were cut into pieces in an instant.
After cutting up a batch, another circle of soldiers appeared. However, just as Luo Zheng appeared, his figure flashed slightly and those soldiers were cut into pieces again.
After three consecutive waves, the first round of the Illusory Space trial was passed.
This speed wasn't slow. From the beginning of the first round to the end, it only took ten breaths of time. However, when Luo Zheng passed the first round, he looked to the right and saw Ai Anxin's long hair dragging on the ground. She tilted her head and looked at him. It seemed that her speed was faster.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and stepped on the "two" word to start the second round.
The first few rounds of the Illusory Space trial were relatively simple. The weakest warriors of the Thirteen Palaces could pass the sixth round. Very few people would be eliminated in the seventh round.
Now, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. After the second round began, his speed increased. The longsword in his hand quickly cut up the white-robed warriors who surrounded him.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Compared to the first round of soldiers, these white-robed warriors were slightly stronger. However, they still couldn't cause any trouble for Luo Zheng.
After ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng passed the second round.
However, when Luo Zheng passed the second round, he found that Ai Anxin was still standing in the same place. Her long hair was spread on the ground, and she was staring at him with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise. He originally thought that passing the second round in ten breaths of time was already very fast. He didn't expect Ai Anxin to be faster than him.
Ai Anxin said from a distance, "You're so slow."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and turned around to step on the third round plate.
This time, a circle of Brass Armored Warriors appeared around the platform.
However, this time, he didn't rush to deal with these Brass Armored Warriors. Instead, he continued to lock his eyes on Ai Anxin. He wanted to see how Ai Anxin was able to achieve this speed.
Ai Anxin also started the third round of the Illusory Space trial. The moment the Brass Armored Warriors appeared, Ai Anxin gently lifted her sword. After noticing Luo Zheng's gaze, she smiled sweetly. The pale cyan longsword vibrated, and all the Brass Armored Warriors trembled violently. Then, the Brass Armored Warriors directly exploded, and all the Brass Armored Warriors disappeared from the Illusory Space in an instant.
"This attack method …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He didn't know how Ai Anxin did it. However, with this method, it was no wonder that she could pass the trial so quickly.

Chapter 1071
For Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, the first few rounds of the trial weren't difficult at all.
However, the spectators outside were gauging their strength based on the speed at which they killed …
"Luo Zheng is still slightly weaker. Although his speed is naturally extremely fast compared to other warriors, he can't catch up to Ai Anxin at all."
"Does the speed of this matter have any meaning? I believe that Luo Zheng can do it too, but there's no need for that … "
"It's still somewhat meaningful. Speed and strength are directly proportional. Some martial artists will slow down after passing the fifth round, and it will be difficult for them to endure the sixth round. Those who barely pass the seventh round will eventually stop at the ninth round …"
As for those Palace Masters, there was no evaluation for the time being.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Under the swift and fierce sword light, Luo Zheng quickly cut those Brass Armored Warriors into pieces.
In fact, Ai Anxin passed the third round of the trial. She could have stepped on the fourth disc herself, but she insisted on waiting for Luo Zheng. She waited until Luo Zheng passed the third round before stepping on the fourth disc together with Luo Zheng.
This was also a kind of provocation. Every time she started the trial with Luo Zheng, she would always be able to pass before Luo Zheng.
The fourth disc was opened …
This time, a kind of strange-looking white ferocious beast appeared in the surroundings.
Perhaps because he felt Ai Anxin's provocation, Luo Zheng intentionally increased his speed!
He injected a trace of Primal Chaos Qi into the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, and then the longsword in his hand rapidly stabbed out. In the blink of an eye, the dozen or so swords stabbed out in an instant!
"Crackle …"
In an instant, more than a dozen sword lights wrapped in wind and thunder shot out!
The white ferocious beasts around the stone platform were all killed by Luo Zheng in an instant. The fourth round, passed …
These white ferocious beasts were thicker than the warriors from before. Although Ai Anxin gently shook her sword, the first shake only caused the white ferocious beasts to spit out blood, and the second shake caused the white ferocious beasts to fall to the ground dead!
In the fourth round, Luo Zheng's speed was faster than Ai Anxin's. After Ai Anxin finished dealing with these white ferocious beasts, she planned to wait for Luo Zheng to finish the fourth round before she started the fifth round. She didn't expect that this time, Luo Zheng would be standing in the middle of the platform with a faint smile on his face.
"This guy …"
Ai Anxin's mouth twitched, and she directly started the fifth round.
Since the two wanted to compete in speed, the later rounds were much faster!
According to the previous practice, the further one progressed, the slower one's speed would be. This was because the difficulty of each trial would increase.
Previously, there were some powerful warriors who pursued the first rounds, but in the end, they still slowed down …
However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's speed not only didn't decrease, but increased instead!
In the fifth round, Ai Anxin only spent four breaths of time, while Luo Zheng spent four and a half breaths of time. Luo Zheng was slightly slower.
In the sixth round, Luo Zheng spent three breaths of time, while Ai Anxin spent three and a half breaths of time. This time, Luo Zheng was faster.
In the seventh round, both of them spent three breaths of time, and their speeds were about the same.
In the eighth round … two breaths of time.
In the ninth round …
The Palace Masters were still okay. Although Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin's speed was getting faster and faster, it was also because their strength was getting stronger and stronger.
As for the more than four thousand warriors, each and every one of them was dumbfounded.
Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's previous results made them stand out among the crowd. However, many warriors were not convinced.
The first way to measure a warrior's strength was always the strength of their combat strength.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin might have grasped some method that allowed them to walk further in the storm of laws, but this didn't prove their strength.
However, in the Illusory Space, one couldn't take advantage of any shortcuts. Only by relying on one's fist, palm, saber, and sword strength could one walk further …
As for Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, one was at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm and the other was at the ninth layer of Life and Death realm. They might not be able to walk further!
However, after these nine rounds of trials, the strength displayed by the two was somewhat difficult for these geniuses to accept.
The first six rounds didn't pose too much pressure to the warriors. However, after the sixth round, they had to treat it seriously. However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were like cutting melons and vegetables. They didn't put them in their eyes at all. Their speed was also frighteningly fast!
When they passed the tenth round, the two actually spent less than two breaths of time …
"Too monstrous. I'm afraid I'm not Ai Anxin's opponent." A warrior shook his head and said.
"Nonsense! I've asked around. This Ai Anxin just entered Misty Cloud Palace and beat all the geniuses in Heavenly Palace by herself. Don't look at her Life and Death realm. Her strength is immeasurable! "
"That Luo Zheng is even more monstrous. His cultivation is only at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm. The gap between their cultivations is even greater!"
The time taken for the first ten rounds added together was less than an incense stick's worth of time. As for the previous batches of warriors, if they wanted to pass the first ten rounds, the fastest would need six or seven incense sticks' worth of time, while the slowest would need half an hour to pass!
However, after the eleventh round, the two's speed slowed down!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to continue speeding up after the eleventh round. Since Ai Anxin wanted to compete with him in speed, he wouldn't lose to her.
However, the opponents that appeared in the eleventh round were very different from the previous ones!
The opponents in the first ten rounds were basically opponents created by the Illusory Array. They couldn't be considered as real life.
As for the group of martial artists that appeared in the eleventh round, each of them had a different expression. Some of them had a cold smile on their faces, while others had calm gazes.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had observed them through Xin Gui before, but he didn't see them so carefully. He asked, "You … are also warriors who entered the Illusory Space?"
"Yes." One of the warriors smiled and replied, "We are on the other side of Changsu Island. For us, this is a different kind of trial!"
Not every warrior had the opportunity to enter the Thirteen Palaces. In fact, how many warriors in the Alliance wanted to enter the Heavenly Palace? Every martial artist who could enter the Heavenly Palace was a genius among geniuses, the luckiest of the luckiest.
Some warriors couldn't seize the opportunity to enter the Heavenly Palace, so they could only settle for the next best thing.
They couldn't participate in the trial of the Torch Flame Inheritance, but they were qualified to be "training partners." They were arranged on the other side of Changsu Island. When the warriors of the Torch Flame Inheritance opened the Illusory Space and passed the first ten rounds, they would enter and act as the opponents of the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces!
Warriors who performed well in the Thirteen Palaces could go through about fifteen or sixteen rounds. In each round, more than ten warriors would be arranged to enter the Illusory Space, and every time, two hundred warriors would accept the trial.
Therefore, on the other side of Changsu Island, there were more than thirty thousand warriors on standby. Every time a warrior opened the eleventh round, they would enter the Illusory Space and attack the warriors in it!
Not all warriors had the opportunity to enter the Illusory Space. Even if they were training partners, they had to rely on their own strength to fight for it. Therefore, every warrior training partner worked extra hard. In addition, if they died in the Illusory Space, they would only die in projection. Therefore, they were basically fighting with their lives on the line!
What's more, these warriors were also some of the geniuses of the Holy Lands. It was just that their talent wasn't enough to enter the Thirteen Palaces. In their hearts, they yearned for the Thirteen Palaces, but at the same time, they were full of jealousy towards the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces!
Since they had the opportunity to fight against the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces, even if they weren't their opponents, even if they were killed, they would bite off a piece of meat from their opponents' hands …
Because of this, they were especially fierce!
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. If it was this kind of arrangement, it might be a little troublesome, but for Luo Zheng, it wasn't too big of a problem!
"Fifth level Life and Death Realm kid, brothers, this is a chance. If we finish him in the eleventh round, we can get a good reward!"
The dozen warriors were like a pack of hungry wolves who found a lamb strolling on the grassland. They swarmed up and attacked Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1072
On the other side of Changsu Island, several tens of thousands of martial artists were gathered in a huge plaza.
Entering the Orange Ocean Realm as a sparring partner not only gave them the opportunity to exchange pointers with the geniuses of the thirteen palaces, but also different rewards for 'killing' or 'wounding' them.
For these martial artists, those rewards were already very good rewards.
However, this round of the Torch Inheritance had already reached its end. If they wanted to participate in the sparring, they could only wait for the next Torch Inheritance.
"There were 161 opponents in the last round … Shouldn't it have ended?"
"Yeah, it shouldn't be a whole number. It should be a mantissa. But now, there are two martial artists!"
"If my guess is correct, these two should be extremely special, or extremely outstanding! That's why they are participating in the trial alone … "
"Outstanding? Just two Life and Death realm martial artists. That fifth level Life and Death realm brat might not even be able to pass the first round of sparring! "The martial artists in this huge plaza could also observe Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin through their letter tablets.
The first round of sparring he spoke of was the eleventh round of sparring Luo Zheng's trial. Because these martial artists only entered the Illusory Space after the eleventh round, the martial artists who were eliminated in the first ten rounds simply didn't have the opportunity to meet these martial artists.
"No matter what, let's see the performance of our brothers in this round first …"
The strength of these several tens of thousands of martial artists was also strictly divided. Therefore, in each of the following rounds, Luo Zheng would send out even more powerful martial artists.
In the Illusory Space, these martial artists had already charged towards Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
Naturally, it was impossible for him to kill all these cultivators with a wave of his hand like before. After all, they were all living opponents. Everyone had different judgments. They could either run away, feign an attack, forcefully attack, or risk their lives …
However, these martial artists' cultivations were still limited in the end. Their cultivations were basically between the seventh and eighth level of Life and Death realm.
Although their cultivations were two or three levels higher than Luo Zheng's, following Luo Zheng's advancement, these martial artists could no longer pose any real threat to Luo Zheng!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Several sword lights shot out from the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword!
"Ah …"
Those sword lights instantly killed four people, but the other thirteen used their movement skills to dodge Luo Zheng's sharp sword lights.
Although the projections in the Illusory Space wouldn't die, everything about the martial artists was preserved in the Illusory Space. Even their pain was preserved …
"Kill him!"
"Moon Break Slash!"
"Green Destiny Sword Art!"
All kinds of weapons greeted Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly moved like a ghost and stood behind the thirteen people. Then, he raised the Thundergale Ghost God Sword above his head and slightly swung it!
"Spirit … Shadow!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh … "
Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of of Luo Zheng's of Life of of Luo Zheng 'Luo of Luo Zheng of Luo
Luo Zheng of Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo of Luo o to Luo!
Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng Luo Zheng!!!!!!!!
In an instant, the thirteen Spirit Shadows tore these martial artists into pieces and kicked them out of the Illusory Space …
The four thousand martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were still fine. Quite a few of them had gone through the eleventh trial. Although these martial artists were a bit troublesome to deal with, the difficulty wasn't too high. However, Luo Zheng of Luo Luo Luo Luo's Spirit Shadows killed these martial artists with extreme speed, which made them inwardly apprehensive.
As for the several tens of thousands of martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island, they were all dumbstruck.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin had participated in the Illusory Space's trial alone. They all understood that these two were definitely special.
However, Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm. How special could he be?
A single sword strike killed thirteen martial artists who were two or three levels higher than him … The several tens of thousands of martial artists in the huge plaza were extremely quiet at this moment. They were all silent.
"I finally understand the strength of the top geniuses of the Alliance …"
"Moreover, the Thirteen Palaces are only the reserves of the younger generation. They still need to grow before they can become true super geniuses. However, I don't know that the super geniuses of Spring Fragrance Pavilion and Lingyan Pavilion are even more terrifying …"
"Humph! We'll definitely take down this kid!"
Everyone had their own pride. Moreover, these martial artists were only inferior to the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces. They were also the core existences of their respective Holy Lands. How could they tolerate being killed so easily by Luo Zheng?
This kid had passed the eleventh trial. There was still the twelfth trial. This time, they were going to select the strongest martial artist of the second group to take down Luo Zheng!
These martial artists saw Luo Zheng's battle strength. However, the Palace Lords, including the Sunset Realm Lord, didn't see the same thing. They saw the Spirit Shadows …
"How did this Luo Zheng do it?" A Palace Lord asked with a puzzled expression.
In the past, Xiao Daolai's Thunder and Wind Spirit Sword was quite famous. The Sunset Realm Lord also said with a puzzled expression, "Isn't this Spirit Shadow only able to form three at a time?"
"This guy can form thirteen Spirit Shadows at once. Is there a problem with the sword or with the person?" Another Palace Lord was also puzzled.
Yun Luo giggled. "Of course there's a problem with the person. The Spirit Heart Sutra was personally taught to Luo Zheng by Xiao Daolai. In the past, Xiao Daolai could only form three Spirit Shadows at once. Who knows how this kid managed to form so many Spirit Shadows …"
The Palace Lords' expressions were messy. For a moment, they didn't know how to evaluate Luo Zheng.
As for Ai Anxin …
When the martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island entered the Illusory Space and saw that their opponent was actually a woman, a woman as beautiful as a flower, they were all a little stunned.
However, most of the martial artists' performance was normal. However, there were some who began to talk dirty.
The genius woman of the Thirteen Palaces was a lofty existence to them. In any case, if they died in the Illusory Space, they would just be kicked out. It wasn't a bad idea to take advantage of them with their words.
However, they didn't know that although they wouldn't die in the Illusory Space, Ai Anxin could make them wish they were dead!
Ai Anxin raised the azure longsword slightly and began to vibrate at a different frequency … …
Just as Ai Anxin raised the sword and started to vibrate, an invisible ripple spread out along the longsword! Ai Anxin had always used this method to deal with the first ten rounds. However, this time, the longsword vibrated at a higher frequency and the method was more special.
Under this vibration, the dozen or so martial artists also rushed toward Ai Anxin. Some of them had evil intentions and didn't even plan to fight properly. Instead, they wanted to take advantage of Ai Anxin …
However, they weren't able to get close to Ai Anxin. The fastest martial artist was still two feet away from Ai Anxin.
Next, they felt their hearts beating at a strange frequency. Then, their breathing became disordered and they couldn't control their bodies.
Then, an intense pain was transmitted from their dantian!
Generally speaking, when the pain exceeded the limits of the body, they would faint. The body had a self-protection mechanism. However, under the vibration of Ai Anxin's longsword, they were able to maintain their consciousness!
It was the same as continuously torturing a prisoner and continuously pouring cold water on them to wake them up!
At this time, they really wanted to "die" quickly. If they died, they could leave the Illusory Space. If they died, they wouldn't have to suffer anymore …
Ai Anxin seemed to be a heartless person. However, martial artists who offended her didn't have a good ending.
Now, she didn't compete in speed with Luo Zheng. Instead, she used a very subtle state to control the pain of these martial artists. She let them clearly taste this kind of punishment that was worse than death.
Ten breaths, twenty breaths, thirty breaths …
Although it was merely thirty breaths, to these dozen or so martial artists, it was like hundreds of years had passed.
At this time, the voice of the linen-clothed old man leisurely came from outside the ancient palace, "Ai Anxin, stop …"
The linen-clothed old man had no choice but to dissuade her. After all, these guys were invited by the Thirteen Palaces to be sparring partners. It wasn't good to torture them like this.
"Hmph!"
The tip of Ai Anxin's sword lightly drew a circle. Her long black hair flowed down her chest, waist, and legs. The ends of her long hair spread out in a spiral shape. Then, she forcefully inserted the sword into the platform. Her other finger lightly flicked the blade of the sword. The blade of the sword hummed softly.
"Pop …"

Chapter 1073
Luo Zheng had already completed the eleventh round and was watching Ai Anxin's battle from his own platform.
Seeing this scene, he couldn't help but shake his head.
This Ai Anxin should be using some kind of extremely profound "Sword Cry Art". However, torturing these living martial artists was indeed a bit cruel. No wonder the linen-clothed old man had stepped forward to stop her.
After the clouds of blood mist exploded, these martial artists had a quick death and were kicked out of the Illusory Space one after another.
However, even if they left the Illusory Space, those painful memories wouldn't disappear. This kind of pain would have a strong negative effect on their mental state.
Therefore, the faces of the martial artists who left the Illusory Space were deathly pale. Some of them even fainted the moment they left the Illusory Space!
When the martial artists on the other side of Changsu Island saw this scene, their lungs immediately exploded with anger.
Even if you're an outstanding genius of the Thirteen Palaces, you shouldn't bully people like this. Everyone came here to be sparring partners, but you actually tortured people like this in the Illusory Space!
"Motherf * cker, that little girl is too much!"
"We must stop her in the second round …"
"For the second round, we can only send the second group's martial artists. With that girl's strength, I'm afraid the second group's martial artists won't be able to stop her."
"Even if we can't stop her, we have to disgust her to death!"
The entire plaza was a boiling cauldron of voices. It was extremely chaotic.
The several tens of thousands of people in the plaza were divided into more than a dozen groups. Each group was divided according to their strength and cultivation base.
The second group's martial artists were to face the twelfth round of the Illusory Space's trial. The second group's martial artists were only slightly stronger than the first group's martial artists.
Right at this moment, a white-clothed youngster walked out from the crowd and said in a clear voice, "Everyone, quiet down!"
Hearing this youngster's words, everyone quieted down.
This white-clothed youngster's strength wasn't strong. He was only at the seventh level of Life and Death realm. He was assigned to the first group because Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were the last two contestants. There were many people in the first group, and his strength wasn't outstanding. Naturally, he didn't have the opportunity to fight.
Therefore, relatively speaking, the trial that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin encountered was slightly more difficult than that of the previous warriors.
This white-clothed youth's surname was Rao and his name was An. Although his strength wasn't great, he was resourceful and resourceful. Previously, when they were splitting into groups, he had given a lot of advice. Moreover, with the cooperation of those cultivators, they had played a miraculous role and successfully attacked several of Thirteen Palaces' cultivators!
"Rao An, what do you want to say?" A cultivator asked.
Rao An then said, "It's impossible to take down these two martial artists in the twelfth round. However, I hope that everyone can follow my arrangements and allocate the candidates!"
"Hmph, both of them are extremely strong. Isn't it the same whether they listen to you or not?" A cultivator said disdainfully.
Hearing this, Rao An smiled faintly, shook his head, and said, "No!"
"Since these two are the most outstanding existences in Thirteen Palaces, they definitely won't stop at the twelfth round, or even the thirteenth or fourteenth round … We still won't be able to stop them. The background of such a cultivator is far from what you and I can imagine. The Cultivation Methods they practice and the trump cards they have are also not something that we can match! Therefore, with their current cultivation, they can face cultivators several levels higher than them without being defeated, and even easily kill them! "
"So what?" A cultivator said coldly.
"I can try my best to force them to use their trump cards," Rao An smiled faintly, "In this way, our brothers in the next few rounds can counter their Cultivation Methods!"
Hearing Rao An's suggestion, everyone was silent for a moment. Then, someone said, "Force them to use their trump cards? We can't even tell what Cultivation Method that woman is using. How can we force them to use their trump cards? "
"That woman is only using the Sword Chime Technique. Maybe the inheritance she got is better. Together with her special talent, she can perform the Sword Chime Technique to the extreme." Rao An showed a scheming expression on his face, "I have a way to break the Sword Chime Technique!"
Although some cultivators were talented, their cultivation and strength were unable to increase. However, when it came to the world's Cultivation Methods, legends, treasures, and structures, they were able to analyze them with great precision. This kind of cultivator was a think-tank type of cultivator, and Rao An was one of them.
Rao An's words managed to convince everyone.
There was no better choice at the moment, but this group of cultivators was still unconvinced. If the conditions allowed, who would be willing to compromise with their talent? They were all geniuses of the younger generation. Who would be willing to be stepped on?
After getting everyone's approval, Rao An said, "I heard that the Sword Chime Technique only uses the frequency of vibration to produce special sound waves …"
There were some powerful cultivators in this huge square. They were all at the Divine Sea Realm, and some were even at the advanced stage of the Divine Sea Realm …
These people belonged to the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth group.
Some of the powerful cultivators in the Thirteen Palaces were defeated by them in the twentieth round.
These powerful cultivators didn't say anything.
Frankly speaking, Rao An's suggestion was very useful to them. If they could force out the hidden cards of these two cultivators through cooperation, it would be much easier for them to make a move in the nineteenth or twentieth round.
Before this, Rao An had observed the characteristics of Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin for a long time. He had analyzed them several times in his mind.
"That cultivator called Luo Zheng relied on the sharpness of the long sword in his hand. However, he only revealed his weapon. His strength is still unknown." Rao An said, "In the second group, those who are confident in their Body Movements can sign up …"
Rao An didn't know the figure released from Luo Zheng's sword, but he could see the sharpness of the Serene Spirit Shadow clearly.
In the absence of a better method, Rao An had to use his Body Movements to create obstacles for Luo Zheng. This was the next step of Rao An's strategy …
After assigning the strategy to deal with the two, he sat in a corner with a short wooden stick in his mouth. He squinted his eyes and stared at the image on the jade tablet. In the image, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin both stepped on another round plate.
On this round plate were the numbers "Twelve".
The twelfth round …
Luo Zheng didn't know how many rounds of trials there were in this illusory space. However, at this stage, Luo Zheng planned to use the Serene Spirit Shadow to crush his opponents.
It had to be said that the Serene Spirit Shadow was very effective in dealing with many people. Every Serene Spirit Shadow was under the control of Luo Zheng. They could perform different moves. Controlling so many Serene Spirit Shadows at the same time consumed a lot of soul power. However, Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the Blue Soul Realm, so it wasn't a big problem for him.
However, after the twelfth round began, Luo Zheng discovered some abnormalities.
In the eleventh round, the martial artists he encountered all had different characteristics. However, the martial artists in the twelfth round all seemed to be proficient in Body Movements!
In the instant that Luo Zheng released the Serene Spirit Shadow, these martial artists relied on the power of various Laws to constantly dodge the Serene Spirit Shadow's attacks …
Using the Law of Space to use the "Dreamlike Illusion", using the Law of Earth to display the Earth Escape Secret Technique, using the Law of Wind to display the Wind Escape Technique …
Unexpectedly, not a single martial artist was willing to fight with him!
Was this an obstacle deliberately set up by the linen-clothed old man? Or was someone plotting against him?
Luo Zheng slightly guessed in his heart. However, his face quickly revealed a faint smile. No matter what the goal was, he only needed to follow his own plan!
Since these people's Body Movements were so powerful, Luo Zheng couldn't stay in place …
However, just as Luo Zheng's figure flashed, he suddenly discovered that a brown vine had appeared under his feet, firmly binding him to the ground.
You want to bind me with a vine?
Luo Zheng didn't even look at it. He took a step forward, and along with the eruption of his power, he wanted to tear the vine apart. However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the vine was extremely tenacious. Not only did it not break, but it also extended as he moved.
Whoosh!
With a backhand slash, the vine broke. However, immediately after, two more vines appeared from the ground, once again binding Luo Zheng. At the same time, the martial artists who had been dodging his attacks earlier surrounded him from all directions.
This scene made the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces puzzled. When they passed the twelfth round, they didn't think that these guys could cooperate so well!

Chapter 1074
Under the suppression of absolute strength, petty tricks were of little use. At most, they could only create some obstacles for the opponent. Most people had this view.
Luo Zheng had easily passed the eleventh round of the trial. The twelfth round shouldn't be too much of a problem for Luo Zheng.
Even though he was surrounded by more than ten cultivators and Luo Zheng's movements were restricted by a vine, Luo Zheng's face didn't show any signs of panic!
Seeing that the cultivators had already surrounded him, a crackling sound suddenly came from the Thundergale Dark God Sword!
The difference between these cultivators and the Thirteen Palaces wasn't just the difference in talent and strength, but also the difference in the weapons in their hands. For example, in the Divine Weapon Hall, as long as a cultivator had some talent, it wouldn't be difficult to obtain a third-grade or second-grade divine weapon.
And Luo Zheng's Thundergale Dark God Sword was the best of the first-grade divine weapons.
Coupled with the power of law that erupted from the Primal Chaos Energy, it wasn't something these people could resist. Moreover, there was also the indefensible Dark God Shadow.
The power of lightning suddenly surrounded Luo Zheng and spread out. The bright blue lightning was only as thick as a pinky finger, but it formed a circular lightning net and spread out with Luo Zheng as the center! This was equivalent to using a layer of lightning net to sift through the entire platform. There was no space to dodge at all ….
Those cultivators looked as if they were struck by lightning. Their bodies were pitch-black from head to toe. They hovered in the air for a breath's time before crashing onto the platform.
Then, a burnt smell entered Luo Zheng's nose.
"Swoosh swoosh …."
After the lightning net spread out, another figure appeared in the air!
This cultivator's main cultivation technique was the Law of Space. Only he could escape this calamity by shrinking into a crack in space.
However …. just as this cultivator escaped this calamity and planned to assassinate Luo Zheng, seven figures appeared in front of him. Those were the seven Dark God Shadows that Luo Zheng displayed. In the blink of an eye, these Dark God Shadows tore him to pieces.
Twelfth round, passed ….
Compared to the eleventh round, the twelfth round was slightly more strenuous for Luo Zheng, but it was also relatively more challenging.
What he didn't know was that on the other side of Changsu Island, tens of thousands of cultivators were dejected. They had meticulously planned to force out Luo Zheng's trump card. However, in the twelfth round, he still relied on the Thundergale Dark God Sword's ability!
Could it be that this guy only relied on this sword?
As for the cultivator named Rao An, he held the wooden stick in his mouth, his eyes still indifferent. Luo Zheng's temperament was more stable than he had imagined. Because he couldn't guess what Luo Zheng was good at, he arranged for the cultivators with swift and fierce movement skills to besiege Luo Zheng. In fact, it was a blatant provocation.
How could such a genius only rely on his own weapon to reach this point? However, Luo Zheng directly ignored this kind of provocation. After spending a lot of effort, he still used this sword to pass the twelfth round of the trial.
.....................................
Thinking of this, Rao An's gaze fell on the highest point of this huge square …
The tens of thousands of cultivators in the square were arranged in a fan-shaped formation. The number of low-level cultivators at the front was the most, and the number of high-level cultivators at the back was very few. Everywhere, there were more low-level cultivators and fewer high-level cultivators. This place was no exception.
Most of the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces would be around the eleventh or twelfth round. Only a few people were qualified to challenge stronger cultivators. There were very few cultivators who could enter the eighteenth, nineteenth, or twentieth round. Therefore, there was no need to arrange more strong cultivators in the Torch Inheritance.
However, the design of this illusory space took into account the existence of some monstrous geniuses.
At the highest point of the square, there were a few cages. Within the cages, there were a few burly warriors in ragged clothes.
They were prisoners, prisoners on death row who were banished to the "Wicked Realm". They were also the ultimate challenge of this illusory space.
But so far, no one needed these prisoners to fight ….
The reason why Rao An jumped out at this time was precisely because of these prisoners!
Ai Anxin's battle was not over yet.
Just as Luo Zheng thought, before the twentieth round, Ai Anxin intended to use the "Sword Chime Technique" to crush her opponents.
If Rao An did not appear, Ai Anxin's move should be enough to deal with the first nineteen rounds. It was not easy to break her "Sword Chime Technique". At the very least, it was impossible with the strength of a cultivator from the eleventh to the nineteenth round.
But Ai Anxin soon discovered that her "Sword Chime Technique" was ineffective at the twelfth round ….
The cultivators Luo Zheng encountered in the twelfth round were all proficient in various escape techniques. They did not fight him head-on at all.
But the cultivators that Ai Anxin encountered were all cultivators of the Water Law!
When the challenge began, these cultivators spread out water curtains on the platform. There were even cultivators who visualized monstrous waves that washed over the platform.
All liquids were viscous. Although her "Sword Chime Technique" was very powerful, it could not "chime" in the water. In other words, its effect would be greatly reduced. It could not cause any substantial harm to the cultivators.
At the beginning, she was caught off guard and forgot to use her True Essence to protect her body. Her entire body was wet from head to toe! Her clothes were wet and stuck to her body ….
How could Ai Anxin not know? Someone must have deliberately designed a countermeasure to her "Sword Chime Technique".
Those cultivators didn't answer Ai Anxin's question. They didn't approach Ai Anxin, nor did they try to hide. Instead, each of them performed their own roles. Some of them continued to unleash huge waves, crashing down on Ai Anxin. Some of them condensed water spears, shooting them at Ai Anxin …
Ai Anxin did not care about this level of attack. She gently waved the cyan longsword in her hand and easily resolved the oncoming attacks.
Soon, the corners of her mouth revealed a trace of a smile. "You all think that I only know the" Sword Chime Technique "…."
After speaking, the cyan longsword was raised above her head again. Her body trembled slightly, and the cyan longsword dragged out sword shadows. She was still unwilling to kill them one by one. It seemed that she used some kind of powerful sword technique, wanting to kill all the cultivators on the platform in one move.
Hearing this, Rao An on the other side of Changsu Island said indifferently, "Of course I don't think so. I just want to see how many trump cards you have …."
Ai Anxin's actions were exactly what he wanted.
The sword shadows that Ai Anxin pulled out spun faster and faster. The dense sword shadows directly covered Ai Anxin's entire body.
At this moment, the power of the Law of Space emerged from Ai Anxin's body!
She gently waved her other hand in the air, and the space around the sword shadow collapsed. She had actually erased the space around it!
"Hehe, Xiao Daolai's Empty Hand …. This Ai Anxin has mastered his True Essence." The Sunset Realm Lord seemed to be very familiar with this move and commented.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Empty Hand is not used like this. She is wasting it."
Empty Hand ….
This was one of Xiao Daolai's famous consummate skills. It required a deep understanding of the Law of Space to use. With a stretch of hand, one could directly touch a space.
The space that Xiao Daolai wiped out was naturally quite large, but Ai Anxin only wiped out a circle of space around her sword shadows. It was a circular space that was about a hundred feet wide ….
Those cultivators were all distributed on the edge of the platform, but the moment this space was wiped out, their bodies involuntarily moved!
This was also a characteristic of space. Ordinary cultivators of the Law of Space might not be able to use the Empty Hand, but they understood the principle behind it.
If the center of a section of space was missing, the two sections of space would instantly fit together!
Those cultivators were in the outer space of the platform, and Ai Anxin wiped out the circle of space in the middle. So at this moment, all the cultivators were involuntarily "pulled" to the center of the space!
In the center of the platform, sword shadows were still spinning rapidly. Almost in the blink of an eye, the cultivators who were pulled in were cut into pieces.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1075
Under Ai Anxin's sword shadows, these cultivators had almost no room to fight back.
They were quickly cut into pieces and then kicked out of the Illusory Space.
With the gentle rotation of her true essence, white mist evaporated from her body. The water in her wet clothes dissipated in an instant. She put her hands behind her head and gently brushed her astonishingly long hair. A mist escaped from the roots of her hair and extended all the way to the ends of her hair.
Even so, Ai Anxin's expression was not very good. She had just noticed that Luo Zheng had already passed the twelfth round of the trial. He was standing opposite her with his long sword in his hand!
She turned her head to look at Luo Zheng, but only glared at him fiercely. Then she said, "In the next round, I will be faster than you!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His face revealed a noncommittal expression. Then, he started the thirteenth round of the trial.
Rao An had already arranged three groups of people, which corresponded to the thirteenth round of the trial.
At this time, he crossed the crowd in the huge square and walked towards the big cages at the top of the square.
There were a total of seven big cages on the high platform. If someone challenged the last level, these cages would be opened and the condemned prisoners would be released. This was the ultimate trial of the Torch Inheritance.
The six cultivators in these big cages were all standing, but in the cage in the middle, there was a burly man sitting in the same place.
From beginning to end, this burly man had never opened his eyes.
These condemned prisoners were extremely strong. From their bodies, an extremely violent aura was emitted. Almost all the cultivators participating in the trial were unwilling to approach this high platform.
After Rao An got on the high platform, he walked towards the big cage in the middle.
"Who are you?" The burly man still had his eyes closed. When he sensed someone approaching, he opened his mouth and asked.
"My name is Rao An," Rao An smiled.
"What's the matter?" the burly man asked.
Rao An put his head next to the pillar of the cage and whispered, "I'm here for the secret treasure of the Gathering Yin World …"
When Rao An said these words, the burly man's eyes suddenly opened!
The moment he opened his eyes, an extremely sharp Soul Pressure suddenly shot out. Rao An's body shook, and his face became incomparably pale. He spat out a mouthful of blood.
"You are just a nobody. Why would you know about the secret treasures of the Gathering Yin World?" The burly man said coldly.
Although Rao An vomited blood, a faint smile still hung on his pale face. After he used his sleeve to wipe off the blood at the corner of his mouth, he opened his mouth and said, "I, Rao An, am indeed a small fry. However, you don't seem to be a big shot either …"
Hearing this evaluation, the burly man snorted coldly, "Indeed, I am only a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. Among the creatures in the universe, I am just a drop in the ocean. I am nothing, but you are not qualified to judge me."
"Of course," Rao An smiled slightly, "The pride of the past, the most outstanding genius of the Star Han World, someone who is qualified to enter the Lingyan Pavilion. I, Rao An, of course cannot be compared to you … However, you are now only a death row prisoner. A death row prisoner who can only live for eight hundred years …"
Execution in eight hundred years … For mortals, eight hundred years was more than a dozen lifetimes. However, for a warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, eight hundred years was still too short.
"What do you want to do? Just say it," the burly man said coldly.
Rao An still did not answer the burly man's question directly. Instead, he continued, "You are all death row prisoners carefully selected from the Wicked World. If you successfully ambush the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, you can pardon your crimes."
"Nonsense," the burly man said coldly.
For ordinary warriors, the rewards might be various. However, if these death row prisoners successfully ambushed the geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, they would also be rewarded. The reward was freedom.
It was also because this reward could stimulate the most powerful combat strength of these death row prisoners, so the Torch Inheritance made such an arrangement.
However, these death row prisoners rarely had the chance to go on stage. Moreover, once they went on stage, they would face very strong geniuses. Therefore, these death row prisoners did not have many opportunities to obtain freedom.
"I can help you go on stage," Rao An continued.
"And then?" the burly man asked.
"I will teach you how to defeat that opponent and obtain freedom," Rao An said again.
At this point, the burly man suddenly laughed. His laughter was filled with contempt for Rao An. "Who do you think you are? I need you to teach me … "
Whether it was cultivation, strength, or talent, this burly man was much, much stronger than Rao An. If he was Rao An's opponent, even if there were a hundred Rao Ans, they would all be annihilated in an instant by him!
Being despised like this, Rao An was not annoyed. He smiled calmly and said, "You may not know, but there are only two people left in the Torch Inheritance. These two people are the most powerful people in this Torch Inheritance. And I can decide who will go on stage."
Rao An said these words to the burly man with a True Essence sound transmission. The death row prisoners beside him naturally could not hear it.
Hearing this, the burly man finally frowned, "So … this is why you dare to look for me."
"Yes." Rao An's smile brightened. He even calmly took out a pill and stuffed it into his mouth. Just now, the burly man's soul pressure had caused some damage to his soul.
"What do you want?" the burly man asked again.
Rao An stretched out three fingers, "30%. After you find the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure, give me 30%!"
"30%?" The burly man grinned, "Do you know what the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure means?"
"I know, so I only want 30%," Rao An said again.
Rao An was a person who understood people's hearts and knew how to act appropriately. Therefore, he did not ask for 50% or even 70% or 30% …
The burly man closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh. A tiger that had fallen to the plains would be bullied by a dog. In the past, he had been a glorious figure, but now that he had been exiled to the Evil Men World, his fate was actually being controlled by such a nobody.
Rao An guessed the burly man's thoughts and lightly said, "Everyone is useful. In the world of martial artists, strength is respected, but this is also very important. Don't look down on me. With me here, it will be much easier to obtain the Sifting Yin World's secret treasure."
When he said these words, his face revealed an incomparable confidence. Perhaps many people thought that he, Rao An, was a person who only knew how to play petty tricks. However, he wanted to tell the world that petty tricks could often bring about fatal threats and could even reverse many situations.
The burly man opened his eyes once more and stared at Rao An with a complex expression. Then, he faintly said, "Good, I agree …"
Rao An returned to the giant square with satisfaction. In the square, many martial artists were watching the scene unfold in the dreamland space. There was a constant clamor as some people greeted him.
"Rao An, we can't hold on any longer. How do we break that woman's move!?"
"The people in the third group can't hold on for long. Rao An, think of a way!"
A faint smile appeared on Rao An's face as he seriously analyzed, "It's okay. The next group should be …"
In fact, he had no interest in sniping Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng. However, in order to deal with this group of hot-blooded fellows, he naturally had to pay a price. After a series of logical and logical analysis, it attracted a wave of cheers. The cultivators in the fourth group were selected by Rao An to enter the Illusory Space.
Fourteenth round …
Fifteenth round …
Sixteenth round …
On the side of Gu Palace, the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces could clearly see that the strength of these martial artists was far beyond their imagination when they worked together.
They knew that those martial artists who had passed the eighteenth or nineteenth round would not even be able to pass the sixteenth round if they were here!
However, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were not ordinary martial artists. Although they found it tricky, under the suppression of absolute strength, they still passed through the trials in an orderly manner.
However, there was still a slight gap between the two …
Luo Zheng was still relying on the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword.
On the other hand, Ai Anxin had already used several trump cards. Every time she used a trump card, her opponent would always be able to think of a way to restrain it. In the next round, he would be able to tie her hands and feet, making her unable to use her full strength.

Chapter 1076
Of course, Ai Anxin could deal with these damn guys. However, being targeted by these bastards, she couldn't help but feel irritable.
Under such a fierce battle, she and Luo Zheng entered the twentieth round not long after.
The twentieth round was the best result achieved by some martial artists.
No one had been able to cross the threshold of the twentieth round because the opponents in the twentieth round were all at the middle stage of the Spirit Sea realm, who had experienced at least four major heavenly tribulations.
For these geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces, challenging those with higher realms wasn't difficult. However, facing several Spirit Sea realm martial artists at the same time was still quite difficult.
After this round, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin finally felt the pressure.
The Spirit Sea realm was a qualitative leap from the Life and Death realm. The most troublesome part was their Domains. Under the suppression of each person's Domains, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were greatly troubled.
"Finally, there's some trouble. However, these two shouldn't stop at the twentieth round, right?" A Palace Lord said.
Sunset Realm Lord nodded indifferently, "It's hard to say. After all, this is a one-versus-many trial. It's completely different from One Thought Sealed Tower. The opponents they will face are also different."
"This Luo Zheng is only at the fifth stage of Life and Death realm, but he can already face the siege of several Spirit Sea realm martial artists. I wonder what will happen after he breaks through to the Spirit Sea realm." Because of the results achieved in One Thought Sealed Tower, they were more concerned about Luo Zheng.
Another Palace Lord wasn't thinking about this issue. He looked at Yun Luo and said, "I seem to have overlooked a problem. I want to know, how many leaves has Luo Zheng opened?"
Hearing the Palace Master's question, everyone looked at Yun Luo curiously.
Before coming to the Torch Flame Inheritance, they would all screen the martial artists in the Heavenly Palace. The Scarlet Afterglow Ring could sense this and make a rough estimate.
Yun Luo shook her head, "I don't know."
"You don't know? Could it be that this Luo Zheng didn't pass the test? "A Palace Lord asked.
"No," Yun Luo continued, "When Luo Zheng passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the Scarlet Afterglow Ring's sensing power seemed to shut down due to saturation. Therefore, we can't measure how many leaves has Luo Zheng opened."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, many of the Palace Masters were stunned.
Sunset Realm Lord's eyes also flashed, "So, this Luo Zheng is likely to open a Mahayana Lotus?"
In the universe, there was a threshold between Lesser Lotus Flower and Mahayana Lotus Flower. Martial artists who had opened the Nine-leaf Lotus Flower were already top existences. However, there were too few martial artists who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. Even among the trillions of living beings, it was difficult to find many martial artists who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower.
..................... ".............................................................................
"This … isn't a good idea?" Yun Luo looked hesitant.
. "What's wrong with that? After the Torch Flame Inheritance, isn't it a tradition to attract tribulations? "Another Palace Lord said.
Many martial artists couldn't wait to swallow the Ten Direction Tribulation Pill in order to improve their cultivation as soon as possible. After experiencing such a high-intensity trial in the Torch Flame Inheritance, they often gained a lot of insights.
Therefore, every time after the Torch Flame Inheritance, about a hundred people would choose to undergo tribulations!
Hearing this suggestion, Yun Luo finally nodded, "Let's see what Luo Zheng wants to do."
At this time, the thousands of martial artists outside the ancient palace stared at the battle in the letter tablet and burst into exclamations again.
Although everyone knew that no one would die in the illusory space, the battle inside was no different from the outside world. Seeing the thrilling scenes, they were naturally amazed.
After the 20th round of trials, Luo Zheng felt that it was more troublesome to deal with...
. Although the number of his opponents had been reduced to six, these six Divine Sea Realm martial artists were in a pincer formation. It was very difficult to break through such a temporary formation.
As for these six people, they were all Divine Sea Realm martial artists. In front of them, Luo Zheng's cultivation could only be regarded as a junior.
To be honest, the fact that Luo Zheng was able to remain undefeated under the pincer attack of six people was already a very humiliating thing for them. Six Divine Sea Realm warriors besieging a Life and Death Realm warrior. If this news spread out, it would be a very unpleasant thing to hear!
However, as Luo Zheng and the six people attacked each other back and forth, they had already forgotten this concern in their hearts.
Because the six of them found that as time passed, Luo Zheng seemed to be getting more and more powerful … They were faintly being suppressed by Luo Zheng, a Life and Death Realm little guy!
Thinking of this, the six people became more and more anxious.
However, before the battle, Rao An told them that the most important thing to do when facing Luo Zheng was to maintain their mentality. No matter what, they had to force Luo Zheng to use all of his strength to win the battle.
In the end, they did it … They witnessed Luo Zheng's strength.
As martial artists from the upper realm, these Divine Sea Realm martial artists had seen a lot of things. However, when Luo Zheng's strength was revealed, they were still frightened.
In order to resist Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, one of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists launched a "Xu Earth Realm"!
This was the Xu Earth Realm comprehended from the Law of Earth. It was the most solid realm. That Divine Sea Realm martial artist directly blocked in front of the other five people.
However, such a realm was still easily shattered by Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng, a Life and Death Realm martial artist, rushed into a group of Divine Sea Realm martial artists like a tiger in a flock of sheep. This scene was quite shocking …
Most of the geniuses from the Thirteen Palaces could easily win against these Divine Sea Realm martial artists. However, not many people could do what Luo Zheng did. Apart from Luo Zheng, perhaps only Ai Anxin could do it.
After Luo Zheng's battle ended, Ai Anxin's battle also ended at the same time. Ai Anxin seemed to have used some kind of powerful trump card. The cyan stone between her eyebrows had already appeared. She had used the Jade Gate Immortal Combat Technique.
Twenty rounds passed …
The two obtained the best results in the Illusory Space Trial at the same time. However, it was not over yet.
Twenty-one rounds quickly continued …
Twenty-two rounds …
Twenty-three rounds …
Twenty-four rounds …
Because of the previous example, no one was willing to guess where their limits were.
Just like in the One Thought Seal Tower, at first, everyone guessed Ai Anxin's limit. In the end, she rushed to twenty-eight thousand li. Later, they predicted that Luo Zheng would not be able to pass thirty thousand li, but he rushed to thirty-six thousand li.
Now, everyone had learned to be smart. Otherwise, after Luo Zheng or Ai Anxin broke through their estimated range, they would be slapped in the face with actual actions …
However, the Illusory Space was different from the One Thought Seal Tower. These rounds of tests were arranged by people.
Since they were arranged by people, there must be an upper limit.
On the other side of Changsu Island, there were only fifteen groups of martial artists, from the lowest to the highest, corresponding to the eleventh to twenty-fifth rounds of the Illusory Space.
The martial artists in the fifteenth group were the three cages on the high platform!
Therefore, the twenty-fifth round was the ultimate trial …
From the beginning to the end, Rao An had been giving out orders. Although he did not succeed in sniping Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
However, everyone also saw the effect of Rao An's suggestion. Naturally, they were willing to let Rao An give out orders. Now, Rao An once again walked onto the high platform of the huge square.
"It seems that to fight against that woman, we can only use the death row prisoners …"
"I heard that these death row prisoners were brought here from the World of Villains by some extraordinary people!"
"If they can defeat those two people in the ultimate trial and obtain their freedom, they will surely fight with their lives on the line, right?"
Under everyone's gazes, Rao An walked towards the tall and sturdy man and asked, "Two people have entered the ultimate trial, a man and a woman. Who will you choose?"
The tall and sturdy man's face revealed an arrogant expression, "How can I choose a woman?"
"I suggest you choose a woman. That man's strength is very strong, unfathomable. At least, I can't see his limit," Rao An said in a low voice. After passing through round after round of tests, Rao An actually did not reach his goal. Especially Luo Zheng, he simply could not see where Luo Zheng's limit was.
"What's his cultivation base?" The tall and sturdy man asked.
"Fifth level of Life and Death realm," Rao An reported truthfully.
The tall and sturdy man coldly glanced at Rao An, "You're insulting my strength!"
In the tall and sturdy man's opinion, fifth level Life and Death realm could be considered a top grade genius of the Thirteen Palaces. However, no matter how talented he was, he was still only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm!

Chapter 1077
This tall and sturdy man didn't expect that his opponent was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm.
He naturally knew that the martial artists of the thirteen Heavenly Palaces had innate talent and strength that couldn't be measured with ordinary eyes.
And to be able to challenge the twenty-fifth round, the martial artist worthy of him taking action must be one of the top existences in the thirteen Heavenly Palaces.
However, he didn't expect that this guy was only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm.
Rao An shook his head, "Don't look down on that guy. I've carefully observed the first twenty-five rounds. According to my estimation, he's only used thirty percent of his strength."
"Thirty percent of his strength is enough to resist the encirclement of several Divine Sea realm martial artists?" Hearing these words, a trace of surprise appeared on the tall and sturdy man's face.
"I suggest you pick that woman." Rao An's suggestion was very pertinent.
In fact, after twenty-four rounds of battles, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were both unimpeded. Perhaps because of Rao An's strategy, the two were troubled to varying degrees, but it still couldn't stop them from advancing.
Similarly, Luo Zheng was constantly advancing. From beginning to end, Luo Zheng only used the longsword in his hand to face the enemy, while Ai Anxin used all kinds of martial skills and cultivation methods. The variety of martial skills and cultivation methods left people dumbfounded.
However, because of this, Luo Zheng's performance was even more unfathomable. Therefore, Rao An didn't have much confidence in Luo Zheng. As for Ai Anxin, although he was powerful, he still had a way to deal with him. Therefore, Rao An had a higher chance of defeating him.
His point of view was very similar to the views of the Palace Masters outside the ancient palace. The Palace Masters of the thirteen Heavenly Palaces, Sunset Realm Lord, and the others also thought the same.
However, the strength of these Palace Masters and Realm Lords was much higher than Rao An's. Moreover, Rao An only relied on his keen sense of smell to make such a judgment. This was already very commendable!
However, the tall and sturdy man didn't take Rao An's advice.
"I choose that man, hehe … a Life and Death realm junior. With such strength, I'm interested." The tall and sturdy man sneered.
Hearing the burly man's judgment, Rao An instinctively frowned. His goal was the secret treasures of the Sifting Yin World. He had no interest in fighting with these geniuses. He would defeat Ai Anxin and free the burly man. Then, he would excavate the secret treasures of the Sifting Yin World and complete his goal step by step.
The most important part was that the burly man had to defeat his opponent. Rao An didn't want to create more problems and provoke the unfathomable Luo Zheng.
Rao An originally wanted to persuade him, but the burly man's expression sunk. "I will naturally honor my promise to you. As for my opponent, I will naturally choose! Back then, even my Lingyan Pavilion almost entered. Could it be that even a junior from the Thirteen Palaces has to cower in fear? Wouldn't that be a joke? "
Hearing this, Rao An sighed in his heart. This fellow was still too arrogant. If he hadn't been too cocky back then, he wouldn't have been imprisoned in the Wicked World and become a prisoner on death row …
But after all, the other party was a key figure in his plan. Rao An couldn't influence this guy's thinking. In the end, he could only follow his wishes and let this tall and sturdy man challenge Luo Zheng.
As for Ai Anxin's opponent …
Rao An looked at the several cages next to him, and a faint smile appeared on his face again.
For these prisoners on death row, this was an opportunity to leave the Wicked World. However, the power to distribute this opportunity was in Rao An's hands. He naturally wouldn't waste this power. If they wanted to challenge Ai Anxin, these prisoners on death row would have to show some sincerity. This "sincerity" might not be as attractive as the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures, but Rao An understood the principle of many little drops make a mickle.
"The ultimate trial … how many opponents will appear?"
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the platform, had a calm light in his eyes. The trial in the dreamland had reached its final stage.
Not far away, Ai Anxin was also quietly waiting for the final round of opponents.
The trial in the Fantasy Space made Ai Anxin a little unhappy. Although she had left the martialists of the Thirteen Palaces in the dust, Luo Zheng was still stubbornly following behind her and entering the final round of the trial with her.
Moreover, after the twentieth round, Luo Zheng's speed of passing the trial became faster and faster. Sometimes, he was even twice as fast as her, and it became more and more difficult for her to deal with him. Naturally, she was unhappy.
What's more, now that everyone had entered the final round at the same time, even if they both passed, it would only be a draw …
She hoped that the opponent in the final round would be stronger. Ai Anxin had this kind of expectation in her heart.
After a short while …
As a faint light condensed on the platform, a person appeared opposite Ai Anxin.
This person's clothes were ragged, and there was a shocking scar on his forehead. Layers of gloomy and cold aura were emitted from his body. When this person stared at him, it was as if he was being stared at by an evil spirit.
"A guy who cultivates the Ghost Dao?" Even if Ai Anxin was extremely confident, when she noticed the aura emitted by this person, her beautiful face changed slightly. This kind of cultivator who cultivates the Ghost Dao was strange, and their attacks were very insidious.
"Jie Jie, good luck, my opponent is a little girl," the cultivator grinded his teeth and grinned.
This time, a total of seven death row prisoners were escorted from the Evil World, but there were only two chances. The burly man chose Luo Zheng, so the cultivator could only choose Ai Anxin. In order to get this opportunity, he had paid a great price. If he obtained his freedom, he would repay Rao An heavily.
Ai Anxin's expression quickly returned to normal. This was the final round of the trial. Her opponent was strong, so Luo Zheng's opponent would certainly not be weak. This was what she wanted.
This Ghost Cultivator was indeed powerful, but it was not impossible for her to defeat him.
What about Luo Zheng's side? Thinking of this, she slightly tilted her head …
At this moment, she saw a burly man come out of the light. The moment she saw the burly man, her eyes suddenly opened wide!
"Brother!" Ai Anxin suddenly cried out in alarm.
The burly man stepped onto the platform. He was originally sizing up his opponent. Rao An was right, it was indeed a little guy at the fifth stage of the Life and Death realm.
The burly man did not underestimate him. To be able to pass the trial round after round and fight until the twenty-fifth round, the strength of their opponents could not be measured by cultivation base. However, the burly man was once a top genius in the Alliance. At that time, he was almost able to ascend to the Lingyan Pavilion. In the past, he had always been the one to challenge people across realms. It was very rare for him to encounter an opponent weaker than him who challenged him!
Even if he was in the Evil World, a great world that was lacking in resources, and his cultivation base had stagnated, he would never fear a Life and Death realm cultivator!
He was sizing up Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was naturally sizing him up …
The first impression that the burly man gave Luo Zheng was that his foundation was very stable. Moreover, there was a faint arrogance that stood proudly in the world. Generally, people who were full of arrogance had the strength to be proud! 'This guy is very strong,' Luo Zheng faintly gave this evaluation in his heart.
Unexpectedly, at this time, Ai Anxin, who was on the platform next door, suddenly screamed, "Brother!"
Luo Zheng was stunned, and so was the burly man. As for everyone outside the ancient palace, their expressions were different …
The burly man looked at Ai Anxin, and a trace of doubt flashed in his eyes. He indeed had a little sister, but when he was imprisoned in the Evil World more than ten years ago, his little sister was only seven or eight years old. For a moment, he was unable to recognize his little sister.
"Brother, I am Anxin!" Ai Anxin anxiously called out.
The doubt on the burly man's face gradually disappeared. His originally calm eyes gradually blossomed with a light that had not been seen for a long time.
He did not expect that the woman that Rao An had mentioned before was actually his little sister …
He also did not expect that his little sister would grow into a peak existence in the Thirteen Palaces. For a moment, he found it hard to accept.
Outside the ancient palace, the Sunset Realm Lord's face also revealed a trace of doubt. He did not expect such a coincidental thing to happen in this ultimate trial.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1078
"This person, who is he?" The Sunset Realm Lord asked.
Hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's question, Yun Luo blinked but didn't speak.
At this time, a Palace Lord said, "I remember. This is the little guy who had a conflict with Empyrean Feng Nu's son during the Dao Fruit Conference!"
That matter hadn't happened for long, only a dozen years. Once this Palace Lord mentioned it, the other Palace Lords also remembered.
"This guy's name should be 'Ai Hu', that peerless genius of the Great Cultivation World. Back then, the Lingyan Pavilion made an exception to accept him, but because of his conflict with Empyrean Feng Nu, he was sent to the Wicked World!" Another Palace Lord also remembered this matter.
"Ai Anxin, Ai Hu … are they really brother and sister?"
Compared to these Palace Lords, the reaction of the Thirteen Palaces martial artists outside the ancient palace seemed to be more intense.
To these palace lords and world overlords, Ai Hu might only be a genius of the younger generation. They didn't have a strong impression of him. It was only a small matter in the past. For characters like the Sunset World Overlord, it was normal that they didn't recognize Ai Hu.
However, this Ai Hu was quite famous among the younger generation. Therefore, the moment this burly man appeared, some martial artists had already recognized him!
"It's Ai Hu! He was actually released from the Wicked World! "
"It's actually Ai Hu who is Luo Zheng's opponent! If he wasn't suppressed by Empyrean Feng Nu back then, Ai Hu might have already reached the Divine Realm! "
"A mere Divine Realm martial artist actually has the nerve to talk about him? At that time, he was only at the Life and Death Realm. Even if he was accepted by the Lingyan Pavilion, his future would be limitless … what a pity! "
In the eyes of many martial artists, Ai Hu was bullied by Empyrean Feng Nu. Therefore, it was easy for him to gain the recognition of lower level martial artists. All kinds of legends about Ai Hu were widely spread. There were rumors that in order to save one of his brothers, he had entered hell and fought with all kinds of evil spirits …
All kinds of legends might be unfamiliar to the core figures of the alliance, but to the lower level martial artists, they were all amazing stories!
"I also didn't expect Ai Anxin to be Ai Hu's sister!"
"These two siblings are indeed monsters. Back then, Ai Hu was so fierce. During the Dao Fruit Conference, he sparred with the arrogant Empyrean's son and humiliated him to the point that he wished he could find a hole to hide in. His sister's talent is no weaker than her brother's …"
"…"
In the dreamland …
Ai Anxin had never thought that she would be able to see her brother here!
She knew that her brother had offended a powerful person and was banished to the Evil World. Moreover, he only had 800 years of life left …
However, eight hundred years was enough for her. She would grow up in this period of time and rescue her brother from the Evil World.
This was a secret in her heart that she had never shared with anyone since she stepped onto the path of martial arts.
Looking at her brother's ragged clothes, Ai Anxin recalled the tall and mighty image of him in her mind when she was young. Tears welled up in her eyes …
"Anxin, you really are Anxin!" . "The smile on Ai Hu's face grew wider and wider. He could already vaguely recognize Ai Anxin's appearance when she was young. To be able to see his sister here, Ai Hu was naturally happy!
Back then, when he was banished to the Evil World, he suffered all kinds of pain and humiliation. There were no rules in the Evil World, and the resources were extremely poor. Surviving there was not an easy task. This time, because of Rao An, he had a chance to obtain freedom. Now, he had met his sister, and Ai Anxin had already grown to such an extent …
Ai Anxin's eyes filled with tears as she nodded. For a moment, she was so excited that she didn't know what to say …
Ai Hu smiled and said, "Good, very good. I didn't expect that the day we siblings reunite would be the day I, Ai Hu, obtain my freedom. Once I defeat this boy, I'll be able to obtain my freedom …"
Hearing her brother's words, Ai Anxin's expression suddenly changed. "You can obtain freedom by defeating Luo Zheng?" She didn't know that there would be such a reward.
Ai Hu nodded and said, "All the death row prisoners participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance have this reward."
Ai Anxin's eyes lit up. She turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, can you admit defeat?"
… …
This sudden scene also made Luo Zheng somewhat confused. How could an opponent appear out of nowhere and be Ai Anxin's brother? And this woman, who wanted to challenge him in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, wanted him to directly admit defeat. This …
"Don't worry, I'll also admit defeat!" Ai Anxin said seriously, "I can give up the ultimate test. This way, our results will still be the same!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. All along, he had never regarded Ai Anxin as his opponent. Participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance was just a test for him.
However, Luo Zheng also had a sister. Ai Anxin could reunite with her brother here, but so far, there was still no news about her sister …
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't want to fulfill her wish.
"I beg you." Ai Anxin was so proud before, but now she urgently hoped that Luo Zheng would give her a positive response. "I'll try my best to satisfy any request you have! Any request is fine! I beg you, Luo Zheng! "
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to agree, Ai Hu laughed boldly and said, "Anxin, how can you beg me?"
"But …" Ai Anxin was about to say something.
However, Ai Hu interrupted her again and said proudly, "I, Ai Hu, have always relied on myself. How can I let my little sister ask for my freedom?! What's more, Anxin, don't you have confidence in your brother? Do you think I'm not a match for this guy? "
Ai Hu and Ai Anxin weren't from any aristocratic families. The Ai Clan they belonged to was only a fourth-grade aristocratic family in a large border world. Compared to the seventh-grade, eighth-grade, ninth-grade, and tenth-grade aristocratic families in the universe, it was really too ordinary.
It was under such a foundation that Ai Hu was able to swiftly become famous and even be chosen by the Lingyan Pavilion. He had always relied on himself. As for the charity of others, he had always been disdainful of it. How could he tolerate his own sister pleading for him?
Luo Zheng really intended to directly admit defeat …
However, since Ai Hu had said so, he couldn't say anything. The brother and sister seemed to have the same temperament and were as proud as anything. He couldn't help but shake his head. Encountering such a dramatic scene, he also felt somewhat helpless.
After Ai Hu finished speaking, he turned to Luo Zheng and smiled faintly. "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"With the cultivation of fifth level Life and Death realm, you were able to reach this round and become my opponent. You're indeed not bad. So, don't listen to my sister's words. Bring out your full strength!" Ai Hu said sternly. "If I can't defeat an opponent whose cultivation is far below mine, then I'll give up my freedom!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes in his heart. He couldn't help but mutter to himself about the brother and sister's characters.
Opposite him, Ai Anxin felt very conflicted. She also knew her brother's character. The possibility of persuading her brother in this kind of situation was too small. Therefore, this battle was very worrying for her.
"Make your move." Ai Hu's expression also became more and more serious. Although Luo Zheng was only at fifth level Life and Death realm, he still couldn't defeat Ai Hu.
Since his opponent had said so, Luo Zheng lightly held his Thunder Wind Divine Sword horizontally and made a "please" gesture.
Soon after, a sword light burst out from the tip of the sword. The lightning and wind blades wrapped around a figure and rushed towards Ai Hu.
Outside the ancient palace, the discussions of many cultivators about Ai Hu didn't stop. Instead, it became even more intense …
"Why didn't Luo Zheng admit defeat?!"
"I saw that Luo Zheng had the intention to admit defeat, but Ai Hu didn't want to!"
"Hmph! What kind of person is Ai Hu? Does he need Luo Zheng to admit defeat? What a joke! "

Chapter 1079
The discussions in the outside world couldn't reach the Illusory Space.
Ai Anxin originally planned to watch the battle between her brother and Luo Zheng. However, her opponent didn't give her the time to do so …
"Little girl, don't watch anymore. Hehe …" While the cultivator was laughing maliciously, streams of gloomy ghost energy suddenly surged out from his body. The ghost energy transformed into fist-sized skulls and shot toward Ai Anxin.
This battle concerned her brother's freedom. How could Ai Anxin be in the mood to fight with her opponent?
However, she didn't take the attack head-on. Her body fluttered and her long hair swirled in the air. Her beautiful eyes were still fixed on Luo Zheng …
Facing Luo Zheng's sword move, Ai Hu laughed boldly. His body flickered with golden light as he grabbed the wind blade with his bare hands!
"Cough …"
The sharp wind blade was instantly torn apart by Ai Hu. As for the lightning that struck Ai Hu, it didn't affect him in the slightest. Then, facing Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Shadow, Ai Hu smashed it with a punch.
After receiving Luo Zheng's first move, Ai Hu took a step forward and dashed toward Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. No matter what happened before, once Luo Zheng entered battle mode, he would focus on the battle in front of him. He wouldn't think too much about other things.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, more than ten Serene Spirit Shadows shot out from Luo Zheng's hands!
Seeing the surging Serene Spirit Shadows, Ai Hu roared. The golden light on his body became even brighter. His entire person was like a golden man. The light was dazzling!
Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Shadows were fierce, but as soon as they got close to Ai Hu, they were instantly shattered. They couldn't hurt him at all …
"Ai Hu's mastery of the Law of Metal has already reached a decent level. I'm afraid it will be very troublesome for Luo Zheng …" a Palace Master commented.
But another Palace Lord shook his head and said, "Not necessarily. Since this Luo Zheng was able to cross the fire pool, he must have some unknown secrets. In the first 24 rounds of the trial, he only relied on the Thunderstorm Divine Sword. Ai Hu might be able to force him to use his trump card, but the result is hard to say."
The evaluations of these Palace Masters were naturally much more pertinent compared to the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces.
As for the warriors from the Thirteen Palaces, they kept flattering Ai Hu …
After tearing apart Luo Zheng's Nether God Shadows one by one, Ai Hu strode forward, rapidly closing in on Luo Zheng. At the same time, the Law of Time suddenly erupted from Ai Hu's body. In the blink of an eye, time on the entire platform slowed down!
However, Luo Zheng only needed a thought to undo the bindings of Ai Hu's Law of Time.
The Law of Time was the opposite of the Law of Time. It was only that they were not affected by each other. Ai Hu's move was just a test, but it was almost inevitable that a warrior who could stand in this position would cultivate the Law of Time.
"Nether God Shadows …"
After undoing the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's figure retreated once again. The Nether God Shadows continued to entangle him. Each of the Nether God Shadows used a different fist technique and surrounded him from different directions.
"It's useless," Ai Hu said with a faint smile. This time, he did not even put up any defense. His body was like a raging bull, directly crashing into the Nether God Shadows. The Nether God Shadows that came close to him were directly smashed by him …
With the force of his impact, even a mountain range would be easily destroyed by him. "I know your strength is definitely more than this. If you want to defeat me, then let's see what your trump card is like!"
Facing Ai Hu, who was getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng's legs were like the wind, constantly moving horizontally along the platform, releasing the Nether God Shadows again!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still the same as before, Ai Hu shook his head. "I already told you that this move is useless. Since you insist on using the sword in your hand to defeat me, then I'll … remove your weapon!"
After saying that, Ai Hu's hands suddenly crossed together, and a round golden ring suddenly appeared in front of him!
The moment the golden ring appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strong suction force coming from his Thunder and Wind Nether God Sword, almost making it fly out of his hand!
How strong was Luo Zheng's strength? That golden ring almost made him unable to wield his sword. This suction force also made Luo Zheng's heart jump.
Ai Hu's face showed a trace of surprise when he found that his golden ring did not pull Luo Zheng's sword over. However, he shouted again, and the golden ring suddenly expanded three times in size, and the suction force became several times stronger!
This time, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless. The suction force was indeed strong, but was it purely a competition of strength? Who could be his opponent?
With the influx of the power of the dragon scale, the longsword in his hand became even more stable. Not to mention the sword hilt in Luo Zheng's hand, even the sword itself did not sway in the slightest!
"Huh?"
Ai Hu's face showed a stunned expression …
He mainly cultivated the Metal Elemental Law, and using the Metal Elemental Law to display the "Everlasting Golden Ring" could almost disarm some magical weapons. Under such a suction force, Luo Zheng's sword was not pulled away, which made him very surprised! This guy's strength seemed to be extraordinary?
Was strength his trump card?
Thinking of this, Ai Hu crossed his hands again, and the golden ring expanded again. When the Metal Elemental Law was cultivated to an extremely high level, it was also an extremely domineering existence!
In fact, every Origin Law, as long as it was used properly, had the power to destroy heaven and earth. Therefore, there was a saying in the Upper Realm: there was no strongest Law, only the strongest martial artist.
Who was strong and who was weak depended on the person who used these Laws and these Cultivation Methods!
Feeling the inexplicable suction force, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and the power of the dragon scale quickly flowed out. How could he allow his sword to be taken away by his opponent?
The two of them confronted each other like this for a while, and they were almost evenly matched. While Ai Hu was puzzled, he grabbed the golden ring in his hand, and with a light turn, rays of golden light shot toward Luo Zheng. This battle was also in a stalemate …
As for Ai Anxin's side, she had already activated her movement technique to the extreme. While dodging her opponent's attacks, she was also paying attention to her brother's battle.
"Little girl, be more serious. Otherwise, you might lose if you're not careful," the ghost cultivator laughed cruelly.
Ai Anxin's expression was cold. She was no longer in the mood to continue fighting. So what if she won against her opponent? Now, she only wanted her brother to win!
However, this ghost cultivator attached great importance to this battle. After all, this was related to his freedom. Taking advantage of Ai Anxin's distraction, he pressed her step by step.
Luo Zheng was constantly dodging the golden light. At the same time, he also had to maintain a certain amount of strength to prevent his Thundergale Ghost Sword from being sucked away by Ai Hu. For a moment, he was somewhat passive.
The Ghost Shadow was probably ineffective against Ai Hu. Although Ai Hu's Metal Attribute Cultivation Method was overbearing, it didn't mean that Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to Ai Hu. He could use the Ghost Shadow to send Xun, who was hidden in the Ghost Shadow. With Xun's current strength, she could display the power of the Sword Spirit Body. Combined with the Cold Plum Ancient Blood Spear, she only needed one spear to kill Ai Hu.
However, Xun's identity was sensitive. In this place, other than Yun Luo, he didn't trust anyone else. Moreover, he really didn't need Xun's help in this kind of battle.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng put away the Thundergale Ghost Sword. His figure flashed, and he actually charged toward Ai Hu!
This Ai Hu was forcing Luo Zheng to fight him in close combat. Seeing this scene, a faint smile appeared on his face. What he was most proud of was his body!
Nourished by the Metal Attribute Law, he cultivated the Metal Spirit Body, which was comparable to a Divine Artifact. Coupled with the explosive power of his Body Refining Technique, who could be his opponent in close combat?
"Finally not wasting any more time?" Ai Hu smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. He didn't speak, but the strength in his body had been accumulating for a long time. He faced Ai Hu, who was shining with golden light!
"Boom!"
Ai Hu, who was originally extremely confident in his physical body, didn't retreat at all. He also returned a punch. There was no technique or fanciness. At this moment, the two of them were competing with the strength of their physical bodies. They were both using the strength they were proud of!

Chapter 1080
If an ordinary Divine Sea Realm expert was so close to Ai Hu, they would definitely be smashed to pieces by this punch.
In the World of Villains, Ai Hu had killed countless warriors with a single punch. It was only by relying on his "Gold Spirit Body" that Ai Hu was able to survive until now.
However, the moment Ai Hu came into contact with Luo Zheng, the power he felt was as vast as the sea. It was simply immeasurable!
The golden light on his physical body showed signs of spreading. His feet stepped on the platform, and he kept retreating, and retreating again and again …
Ai Hu's body only stopped when he reached the edge of the platform!
For this brat to be able to display such power, his physical body must be even stronger than mine! " Ai Hu's face revealed a look of surprise and uncertainty.
Every cultivation method and law had their own characteristics. He couldn't tell what law Luo Zheng mainly cultivated, but it definitely wasn't the Gold Elemental Law. The greatest pride of warriors who cultivated the Gold Elemental Law was their Invincible Vajra Body!
How did Luo Zheng cultivate his body to such a tyrannical level?
What he didn't know was that Luo Zheng was also secretly amazed.
He had already used the strength of 8,000 dragon scales in that punch.
An average warrior in the Spirit Sea Realm would not be able to withstand the power of two or three thousand dragon scales. Even Battle Emperor Yu the Great of the four Divine Kingdoms was forced to retreat by one punch. If he were to be hit by the power of eight thousand dragon scales, he would be killed with one punch!
But now, he only forced Ai Hu to retreat. Ai Hu's strength was indeed more powerful than he had imagined!
Outside the ancient temple, the warriors were constantly sighing as they watched the battle. This kind of hand-to-hand combat was indeed very bloody. At this time, they didn't care about the outcome of the battle. Instead, they hoped that the battle would be more exciting.
"This is what you rely on." Ai Hu nodded. "A body comparable to a Divine Artifact and an extremely terrifying power. Very good …" After Ai Hu finished speaking, the smile on his face became wider and wider. His eyes became more serious and cautious. "However, I'm afraid you can't beat me with just this!"
After he finished speaking, a crack bloomed on his forehead. A small green stone appeared on his forehead.
When Luo Zheng noticed the green stone, a trace of caution appeared on his face.
At the same time, Xun's voice transmitted in his mind. "Luo Zheng, be careful. That's the Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"Jade Gate Immortal Combat? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
Xun didn't have much time to explain. "It's something with a great origin. After the Jade Gate Immortal Combat starts, his strength will soar … It's strange that the Human Clan's Torch Inheritance would arrange such a difficult trial …"
At the same time, the Sunset Realmlord's gaze also froze on Ai Hu's forehead. "The siblings actually both possess the rare Jade Gate Celestial Duel.
Another Palace Lord asked, "Since Ai Anxin has the Life Providence of the Battle of the Worlds, what about his brother?"
Yun Luo shook her head. "I'm afraid we'll have to ask someone to divine it …"
Luo Zheng knew that the Jade Gate Immortal Combat was an extraordinary item. Naturally, he became even more vigilant. Just as the next round of close combat was about to begin, he suddenly heard a delicate shout!
"Scram, I'm not in the mood to fight with you. If you continue to pester me, die!"
This voice came from Ai Anxin. Ever since she saw her brother, she no longer had the heart to continue fighting. However, her opponent kept pestering her.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Ai Hu stopped fighting at the same time. Their gazes also focused on the other side …
That ghost cultivator transformed into countless ghost heads. Accompanied by gusts of cold wind, they surrounded Ai Anxin and forced her into a dead end!
"Little girl, since it's a trial, I can't just sit back and do nothing. You can just admit defeat!"
At this moment, Ai Anxin finally exploded!
She casually threw away the cyan longsword in her hand. Her whole body flipped in the air, dragging her black hair. The crack on her forehead grew bigger and bigger, and the cyan stone bloomed with a strange power!
Cyan halos lingered around her. Then, a small light spot burst out from between her eyebrows.
The moment he looked at this light spot, Luo Zheng felt an extremely dangerous feeling in his heart. This meant that this light spot could definitely threaten Luo Zheng's life!
In the next moment, that light spot suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. It turned into a ball of light. Then, it expanded again and turned into a ball of light. That ball of light was as tall as a person. It directly enveloped Ai Anxin …
At this moment, this ball of light began to rapidly spread.
In the blink of an eye, it enveloped the entire platform.
That ghost cultivator had no space to dodge at all. Naturally, he was swallowed by that ball of light!
The cyan ball of light blossomed with a dazzling light. It was almost impossible to open one's eyes. When that huge ball of light slowly dissipated, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but gasp!
"Hiss …"
The round platform in this illusory space was built on top of stone pillars. Because it was an illusory space, the things inside weren't real objects. Instead, they were created using divine rune illusionary arrays. Therefore, when it was built, the strength of the cultivator was naturally taken into consideration!
Under normal circumstances, these platforms couldn't be damaged. Previously, they had withstood so many cultivators' battles, but there weren't any traces left on these platforms. From this, one could see how sturdy these platforms were!
However, when the light dissipated, that ghost cultivator had already disappeared. His entire body was probably annihilated!
Along with the Ghost cultivator, the entire platform had disappeared. Now, only a bare stone pillar was left on the platform. The top of the stone pillar had been eroded by the light, forming a curved concave surface. At this moment, Ai Anxin was kneeling in the center, her fine black hair flowing down the stone pillar.
After using this move, she looked over with a pale face. Obviously, that move just now had used a lot of her strength. It was even possible that she had burned her blood essence.
"Brother, do your best …" However, in the illusory space, it was only a projection. Even if she burned her blood essence, it didn't matter.
In this way, Ai Anxin could be considered to have passed the ultimate trial. However, the plain-clothed old man probably considered this situation and didn't let Ai Anxin leave the illusory space. Instead, he let her stay inside to watch the battle.
On the other side of Changsu Island, Rao An saw this scene and frowned slightly …
He suddenly had a bad premonition.
He didn't care what the relationship between Ai Hu and Ai Anxin was. The key was that Ai Hu had to defeat Luo Zheng!
Previously, he already felt that Ai Anxin was inferior to Luo Zheng. However, the strength that Ai Anxin had erupted with now shocked Rao An. At the same time, he was even more worried about Ai Hu. If he lost, he would be very helpless.
"However, in everything, effort is 70%, and 30% is predestined." Rao An shook his head. His state of mind was very stable. He was actually very open-minded about these things.
Ai Hu smiled slightly. He was also very happy that his sister could grow to this extent. After activating the Jade Gate Immortal Battle, the golden light on Ai Hu's body became even brighter. He clenched his fist tightly and then smiled proudly at Luo Zheng. "Come!"
Luo Zheng nodded. In fact, he also understood that the outcome of this battle was no longer important. Ai Hu's temperament was as proud as Ai Anxin's, but he couldn't be considered very annoying.
It wasn't easy to meet such an opponent, so Luo Zheng was also very excited. Therefore, his gaze became slightly focused. At the same time, in the sky above the ancient palace, above the boundless starry sky of the Orange Sea Realm, a few rays of starlight suddenly appeared!
These stars had always been hanging above the universe, illuminating countless large realms …
However, due to the distance, they usually didn't attract attention and didn't bloom with such dazzling brilliance!
However, at this moment, those rays of starlight pierced through the distance and shot towards the ancient palace!
Almost as soon as those stars shined, the Sunset World Master's eyebrows relaxed. His expression became increasingly strange. "Don't tell me that Luo Zheng cultivates the Stellar War Body!"
Another Palace Master also said, "It's the transcendent divine might left behind by Empyrean Stellar! Where did this Luo Zheng learn it from? "
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1081
In the higher realms, a transcendent divine might was an extremely rare existence.
Only an Empyrean could create a transcendent divine might!
In this world, the compilation of cultivation methods all relied on the Laws of the universe to create …
For instance, visualization techniques were created by visualizing all things in the world. Or, one could rely on one's deep comprehension of the Laws to create a new cultivation method.
But, normal martial arts only involved the lower Laws of the Laws. As for transcendent divine mights, they involved the higher Laws, in other words, the Laws of Cause and Effect.
Once something involved the Laws of Cause and Effect, it was inevitably an extraordinary treasure. For instance, the Blackstar Pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hands only had a Law of Cause and Effect that wasn't suited for combat. Even so, it was still enough to be ranked in the top 3000 of the Universal Myriad Spirit Tablet …
But magic tools and weapons were only external objects. As for transcendent divine mights, they allowed one to control the Laws of Cause and Effect. The disparity between them was far too great.
After all, a life's wisdom was infinite. Grasping a transcendent divine might was the same as opening a gate to the highest Laws of the universe, allowing one to grow without limit. But, once a supreme divine tool was formed, it could no longer be changed …
Because of a lucky chance, the Sunset World Lord had once grasped a transcendent divine might. It was also because of this that he had leapt from an ordinary World Lord to a Great World Lord. Of the 13 Heavenly Palaces' Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters, only Yun Luo possessed a transcendent divine might. And the reason Yun Luo possessed a transcendent divine might was because of her background. As an Empyrean descendant, she naturally had the qualifications to cultivate a transcendent divine might!
The difficulty of cultivating a transcendent divine might was extremely high. Every transcendent divine might had different difficulties. The reason Yun Luo cultivated the Million Soul Fusing Art was to pave the way for her own transcendent divine might …
As for Luo Zheng, after obtaining the Stellar War Body, he had spent a great deal of time cultivating it. But, he was still too young and had only managed to cultivate the Stellar War Body to the third level. Moreover, his Stellar War Body was still incomplete …
Even so, when Luo Zheng displayed the Starry Battle Body and attracted several stars, many Palace Masters were still stunned.
"The Stellar Celestial Sovereign spent his entire life trying to comprehend the constellations. Back then, he used the power of the constellations in the sky to transform into a broken star sword to slay the First Demon Heavenly Sovereign of the Devil Race. However, he suffered a backlash from the First Demon Heavenly Sovereign's fate curse, exchanging a life for a life. It's truly a pity that he died just like that. I remember that the Stellar Celestial Sovereign didn't have a successor. I wonder where this brat inherited the Stellar Battle Body from?" A palace lord asked.
The Sunset Realm Lord looked up at the stars in the sky and said, "In the end, he has his own destiny. This kid has so many secrets that even I can't see through them. If my second son doesn't die, there will be a place for him in the universe …"
Yun Luo did not participate in this discussion.
She was the one who understood Luo Zheng the most and was most interested in him.
Don't talk about the fate of the Fateless. This was a common saying among those who deduced fate. Because Luo Zheng had two fate horoscopes, his future path was even more complicated and confusing. This great world might become more interesting because of Luo Zheng's appearance.
In the Illusory Space, starlight superimposed on Luo Zheng's body, and the power of the stars condensed on his body became denser.
The Stellar Battle Body was very different from other cultivation methods. As more stars were connected to this cultivation method, its power would become stronger and stronger!
Seeing this, Ai Hu's expression became more and more serious …
Back at the Dao Fruit Convention, he had clashed with the son of the Heavenly Sovereign Feng Nu. As a commoner, he had trampled the Heavenly Sovereign, who was two levels higher than him, under his feet. How confident had he been in his own strength?
Ai Hu had never thought that he would be locked in a fight with someone who was one level lower than him!
Now he understood that there were too many monsters in this world!
Without thinking too much, the golden light on Ai Hu's body once again enveloped his body, and the blue stone on his forehead constantly flickered with a faint blue light!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
On this platform, the two figures once again rushed towards each other.
At this moment, Ai Anxin's hands clenched into fists, and her eyes were a little dazed …
Big brother is still too stubborn. All kinds of distracting thoughts appeared in Ai Anxin's mind.
Big brother, you can definitely defeat Luo Zheng!
Even if you lose, it doesn't matter. I will definitely find a way to save you from the Demon Realm …
Her thoughts swayed left and right. On one hand, she still had a strong confidence in her brother, but on the other hand, she was afraid of Luo Zheng's unfathomable strength. Whether she, Ai Anxin, was willing to admit it or not, Luo Zheng's hidden strength was more amazing than she imagined!
"Boom!"
Under this collision, the golden light suddenly collapsed, and the power of the stars was constantly shaking.
Apart from the dazzling light, Ai Anxin, who was far away, could not see anything clearly …
"Did I win?" Ai Anxin suddenly stood up and stood on the lonely stone pillar, waiting for the light on the platform to dissipate!
At this moment, a few muffled sounds came from the light, and Ai Anxin saw a figure fly out from it.
Ai Anxin's eyes focused, and a happy expression appeared on her face. She saw that the warrior who flew out was Luo Zheng!
After his body flew out of the platform, he fell into the surging clouds in the illusory space. This way, Luo Zheng was eliminated!
Ai Hu stood in the center of the platform, and cracks appeared on his body. Under his sword-like eyebrows, his eyes revealed a contemplative expression.
"Big brother! You won! "
All of her previous worries were completely resolved at this moment!
In the challenge of the illusory space, Luo Zheng did not pass the ultimate trial. She defeated Luo Zheng! And her brother, who defeated Luo Zheng, obtained his freedom!
This kind of double joy rushed into Ai Anxin's heart, and she was also very excited!
Ai Hu smiled faintly when he heard Ai Anxin's words. However, his smile was a little forced. Being able to regain his freedom was indeed a joyous occasion for him. Moreover, being reunited with his sister made him feel like his life had undergone a huge reversal!
However, in Ai Hu's heart, it was as clear as a mirror that Luo Zheng should have held back when they exchanged blows!
Because the power that Luo Zheng had just burst out was not even half of his previous power. With Ai Hu's keen insight, if Luo Zheng had used his full strength, the limit of his power would have been far greater than that.
I was actually pitied by a little guy. I will still find you to settle accounts, Ai Hu said indifferently in his heart.
In the ancient palace, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened, and a trace of helplessness hung on his face. He then slowly walked out of the ancient palace.
Luo Zheng was not a good person, but whether or not he could pass the ultimate trial did not mean much to him. After all, the ultimate trial was just a challenge.
Seeing the miserable expression on Ai Anxin's face, which was no different from Luo Yan's, Luo Zheng's heart faintly moved …
Outside the ancient palace, the linen-clothed old man floating in the air had a strange expression on his face. The Palace Masters, Yun Luo, and the Sunset Realm Lord all had strange smiles on their faces.
They all came to the same conclusion. Luo Zheng had definitely held back just now!
The only reason Luo Zheng was waterproof could only be to help Ai Hu obtain his freedom.
Relatively speaking, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were in an absolute competition, not to mention that Ai Anxin had repeatedly provoked Luo Zheng …
"I didn't expect Luo Zheng to be such a good person." A Palace Master shook his head and said, "In this world of martial arts where natural selection prevails, kindness is not an advantage."
However, the Sunset Realm Lord laughed mischievously and said meaningfully, "For the weak, kindness is a fatal danger, but for the strong, kindness is just a kind of charity …"
In this universe, every race and every living being was in danger. It was full of uncertainty and turbulence, forming a world where the strong preyed on the weak. When a person's strength was not enough, kindness would often suffer the backlash of evil intentions. However, when this person's strength was strong enough, it did not matter even if he took a step back, because his foundation was not enough to be easily shaken by others!

Chapter 1082
Soon after, Ai Anxin also exited the Illusory Space.
At this time, Ai Anxin's face was beaming with happiness!
Before her brother left the Illusory Space, he told Ai Anxin that he should be released soon, and then he would come to Misty Cloud Palace to find her! In other words, it would not be long before the two of them were reunited.
Just as she walked out of the ancient palace, she looked at Luo Zheng, and a smile appeared on her face almost involuntarily, with some pride in her eyes.
Now she was the only cultivator who had passed the ultimate test of the Illusory Space!
However, Ai Anxin also admitted that her opponent's strength was far inferior to her brother's.
Her brother assigned Luo Zheng as his opponent could only mean that Luo Zheng's luck was not good. This did not mean that she was stronger than Luo Zheng, it only meant that her luck was better than Luo Zheng's! A cultivator's luck was originally a part of their strength!
Luo Zheng just nodded indifferently to Ai Anxin, his face unperturbed and very calm.
Ai Anxin saw Luo Zheng's expression and was slightly disappointed. He was defeated by her brother, causing him to lose to her in this trial. Shouldn't this guy be a little disappointed? Why couldn't she find any disappointment on Luo Zheng's face?
In this way, Ai Anxin was a little depressed, but when she thought that her brother would soon be reunited with her, this little depression was quickly forgotten!
After Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin left the Illusory Space, the linen-clothed old man announced the rankings of this time's Torch Inheritance, and then gave out the rewards for this time's Torch Inheritance.
Calamity Annihilation Pill, divine tool, Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill …
The vast majority of Heavenly Palace cultivators would receive a Calamity Annihilation Pill as a reward, which was a benefit of participating in the Torch Inheritance.
And the cultivators who broke through three thousand miles in One Thought Sealed Tower would receive a Secondary First Grade divine tool as a reward above the Calamity Annihilation Pill.
For warriors of their level, a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact was already a pretty good reward. However, the number of warriors who were qualified to receive a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact was also greatly reduced. After all, a lot of people had been eliminated at the three thousand mile mark.
Next, the linen-clothed old man read out the names of several people …
These names were the cultivators who broke through ten thousand miles, and they were qualified to receive the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!
The value of this elixir was much more valuable than that of a first-grade divine artifact.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin were both on the list. The cultivators whose names were called were summoned to the side of the linen-clothed old man. The linen-clothed old man took out a small jade flask, from which wisps of icy cold air were emitted.
"The Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill's medicinal properties are special. Once it leaves the Ice Heart Jade Pot, its medicinal power will evaporate for a short period of time. Once it's evaporated, the pill will be like a rock. After you obtain this Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, you must quickly consume it," the old man said.
Swallow it? now?
Luo Zheng was..
. The Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could attract heavenly tribulation, but its most important function was to help 9th tribulation cultivators attract the legendary tenth heavenly tribulation!
After triggering the tenth heavenly tribulation, one would be able to obtain a flawless Spirit Sea. This was also the reason why all the major races valued 9th layer Life and Death Realm martial artists. Martial artists who could reach the 9th layer of Life and Death Realm had a much deeper foundation than ordinary martial artists, but the most important thing was the flawless Spirit Sea that was opened in their Dantian!
The cultivators beside Luo Zheng were either Divine Sea Realm cultivators or 9th Life and Death Realm cultivators. In contrast, Luo Zheng was the only 5th Life and Death Realm cultivator.
This made Luo Zheng a little depressed.
Ai Anxin was in a good mood. Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, she smiled and said, "Luo Zheng, why don't you give me the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill? I want to see if taking two Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pills in a row can attract the eleventh heavenly tribulation!"
The linen-clothed old man glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently and shook his head slightly.
A cultivator beside him said, "The tenth Life and Death Realm heavenly tribulation should be the limit, right? After breaking through the tenth heavenly tribulation, the Spirit Sea opened would be flawless. I've never heard of anyone going through the eleventh heavenly tribulation. "
Right at this moment, the linen-clothed old man said indifferently, "The tenth heavenly tribulation is already a perfect existence, but … there might be someone in this world who has attracted the eleventh heavenly tribulation …."
"Really?" A cultivator asked in astonishment.
The linen-clothed old man nodded, "But that's already a legend among legends. It has nothing to do with you. You guys, take the pills!"
After saying this, the linen-clothed old man lightly patted the Ice Heart Jade Pot. Brown pills shot out from the jade pot and landed in the hands of the cultivators.
This brown pill wasn't round or square, but had ten cross-sections. When it landed in the hands of the cultivators, they immediately felt a touch of coldness. Luo Zheng held the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill in his hand, and a trace of a bitter smile appeared on his face.
He was about to break through to the sixth level of Life and Death realm. It seemed that this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was really a bit of a waste for him.
It would've been fine if he could store it, but he had to swallow it once he left the Ice Heart Jade Pot.
"I'll use a first grade divine tool to exchange for this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. It won't be a waste. How about this?" Ai Anxin walked to Luo Zheng's side and asked. She believed that this was a transaction, and Luo Zheng had no reason to refuse.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng indifferently shook his head and faintly smiled, "No need. I can still afford to waste this Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
Although Luo Zheng didn't have any Zhen Yuanyu, if he exchanged some good things, they would be priceless treasures. A first grade divine tool might not be enough to catch Luo Zheng's attention.
"Alright!" Ai Anxin didn't insist.
Then, these martial artists swallowed the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. Luo Zheng also stuffed the ice-cold pill in his hand into his mouth.
The World Yuan Qi in the Orange Ocean Realm was dense, and with these Palace Masters guarding it, it was indeed a good place to undergo tribulation.
The most outstanding martial artists were arranged in an open area. After a certain distance, they sat down cross-legged and began to dissolve the medicinal efficacy in their bodies.
The Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could attract heavenly tribulation, but it wasn't a sure thing. There was a certain probability of failure. Therefore, not every martial artist could attract heavenly tribulation. Moreover, each martial artist attracted heavenly tribulation at a different time.
The first one to attract heavenly tribulation was Xue Muyang. After an incense stick's worth of time, Xue Muyang's tenth heavenly tribulation arrived.
After surviving the tenth heavenly tribulation, Xue Muyang would be able to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. When the Divine Sea Realm opened, his strength would also increase by a lot. Only those in the Divine Sea Realm were qualified to be independent in the Upper Realm. This was the beginning of the Upper Realm martial artists.
"I didn't expect Xue Muyang to be the first to attract the tenth heavenly tribulation. Looking at the power of his heavenly tribulation, it doesn't seem weak!"
"This Xue Muyang isn't bad. Who told you he's weak? He was ranked third in the Law Storm. If it weren't for the existence of the two monstrous geniuses, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, he would be first! "
"Lotus Flower, the Lotus Flower is coming out. The Nine Leaf Lotus Flower!"
In the midst of the discussion, a faint shadow of a lotus flower quietly floated above Xue Muyang's head.
All the lotus leaves of this lotus flower had already unfolded and slowly rotated above Xue Muyang's head …
Just like the evaluation of those martial artists, whether it was talent or strength, Xue Muyang was definitely at the top of the younger generation in the entire Alliance. He should have shone brightly, but compared to the two rising stars, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin, who came out of nowhere, he seemed to be overshadowed.
Whether it was the Palace Masters or the Sunset Realm Master, they didn't pay much attention to this person …
"Boom …"
"Beehive Divine Thunder!"
"Evil Fire Poison …"
"Wind Shadow …"
"This tenth minor heavenly tribulation is really no small matter!"
As Xue Muyang began to undergo the tribulation, the minor heavenly tribulation that descended became more and more intense.
Many Palace Masters' faces were calm. At their level, the power of this heavenly tribulation wasn't enough to make them feel too much.

Chapter 1083
Many Palace Masters didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple. Whether it was minor or major tribulation, each tribulation was stronger than the last.
Luo Zheng was at the fifth level of Life and Death realm. If he were to undergo tribulation now, he would be facing the sixth minor tribulation, which naturally couldn't compare to the tenth minor tribulation.
Therefore, everyone's attention was naturally focused on Ai Anxin.
As Xue Muyang initiated his tenth minor tribulation, the martial artist surnamed Li's tenth minor tribulation also arrived. In addition, several other martial artists' minor tribulations were continuously descending!
For a moment, the sky was densely filled with all kinds of tribulation power, which was vast and powerful ….
After a full two hours …
Xue Muyang's minor tribulation finally ended. After the lotus flower gently rotated, the lotus flower's illusory image also gradually dissipated.
He had opened up a Flawless Spirit Sea inside his body. This kind of Divine Sea Realm warrior was the most perfect Divine Sea Realm warrior. As his cultivation increased, the Flawless Spirit Sea would bring him more and more benefits. There were even some cultivation methods that required a Flawless Spirit Sea in order to use them!
At this moment, Xue Muyang closed his eyes, consolidating his cultivation ….
However, until now, Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng's minor tribulation still hadn't arrived.
The Ten Direction Trial Pellet also had a certain probability of failure. After such a long time, the minor tribulation still hadn't arrived. Ai Anxin was slightly impatient in her heart. It didn't matter whether Luo Zheng's sixth tribulation came or not. After all, as his cultivation increased, it would come sooner or later.
However, her tenth minor tribulation was the most important one. She naturally didn't want to miss this opportunity.
Three hours later, the martial artists who had taken the Ten Direction Trial Pellet had passed through their tenth minor tribulation one after another. Martial artists who could reach the ninth level of Life and Death realm were all extremely outstanding. Although the heavenly tribulations they triggered were powerful, with their thorough preparations, they weren't in danger of dying.
However, there were still two people who immediately fainted after passing through their tenth minor tribulation. They had underestimated the power of the heavenly tribulation. In their haste to prepare, they had overdrawn their strength ….
"It's not here yet …." Ai Anxin's face became more and more unsightly.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng looked calm. After all, he was about to face his sixth minor tribulation, so he wasn't as anxious as Ai Anxin.
However, at this moment …
Ai Anxin suddenly realized that a faint shadow had appeared above her head. The shadow became more and more solid, and her Lotus Flower had appeared!
"They're here!" Ai Anxin was pleasantly surprised.
At the same time, a faint black dot began to appear in the sky. The black dot grew larger and larger, forming a black hole that was several feet wide. Purple lightning circled around the black hole, and mysterious divine runes faintly floated around the lightning. These divine runes weren't drawn by humans, and they seemed to be naturally formed!
"Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation!" A Palace Master's eyes suddenly shot out a beam of light.
"Heh heh, this girl … is no longer surprising. With such a cultivation base matching her strength, the heavens won't be blind!"
The heavens wouldn't be blind, and it wasn't a curse on Ai Anxin. After all, a cultivator's cultivation was originally against the heavens. The stronger the cultivator's strength, the more powerful the Heavenly Tribulation would be. The heavens naturally wouldn't mismatch the Heavenly Tribulation!
As for the other cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces, when they saw the Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation descending, they were all frightened. Some of them couldn't help but worry for Ai Anxin. If she was caught in such a powerful Heavenly Tribulation, wouldn't there be nothing left of her?
"Rumble …"
Although the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation was powerful, Ai Anxin's strength was also extraordinary!
This woman's methods seemed to be limitless. From sealing the tower with a single thought to entering the dreamlike space, there was almost no repetition in the methods she used. Moreover, every method she used would be a trump card for any other martial artist!
After Ai Anxin passed the Heavenly Firmament Holy Lightning Tribulation, what came next was the "Invisible Fire", and then the "Cleansing Nightmare" …
These minor Heavenly Tribulations were all peak existences of the minor Heavenly Tribulations. Even the Palace Masters who were accustomed to the might of Heavenly Tribulations felt their hearts palpitate when they saw these Heavenly Tribulations.
In a minor heavenly tribulation, there would be several kinds of tribulations. The difficulty and power of these tribulations would also increase gradually. For example, the heavenly tribulations that Ai Anxin experienced would be the strongest wave of heavenly tribulations if placed on any other martial artist. But, she had to face them one by one, each one more terrifying than the last!
At this time, Ai Anxin had already erupted with all her strength. Her entire body danced in the sky as she resisted the unceasing Heavenly Tribulations with all her strength!
After a long time, the Heavenly Tribulations finally dissipated.
Ai Anxin's face was also filled with exhaustion. She slowly returned to the ground and sat down cross-legged. Although she was exhausted, her face still revealed a smile. After all, she had successfully passed the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation. This was also the strongest Heavenly Tribulation she had ever faced.
At this time, everyone saw the lotus flower above her head begin to slowly rotate!
Generally speaking, after passing a Heavenly Tribulation, the lotus flower phantom would become fainter and fainter. Eventually, the entire lotus flower would completely disappear …
However, not only did the lotus flower above Ai Anxin's head not disappear, but it was also becoming more and more solid!
Seeing this, even the Sunset Realm Lord's expression became very serious. "This is …"
Yun Luo glanced indifferently and said, "She might be opening the Mahayana Lotus Flower."
"Very likely! Ai Anxin actually opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower when breaking through to the Divine Ocean Realm! This … "A Palace Lord said with an incredulous expression.
Even the experienced and knowledgeable Palace Masters found it difficult to remain calm in the face of such a scene.
People who could open the Mahayana Lotus Flower were already extremely rare. Moreover, Ai Anxin had just broken through to the Divine Ocean Realm, but she had already opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. The significance of this was self-evident. When such a person matured, she would probably be an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. How could they not be shocked?
The cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces had yet to recover from their shock …
To be able to participate in the Torch Inheritance, they were undoubtedly the elites of the Thirteen Palaces. The Thirteen Palaces gathered the elites of countless holy lands in the entire Alliance. Every one of them was not lacking in talent! At the very least, they were all cultivators who had opened the Five Leaf Lotus Flower.
However, the Mahayana Lotus Flower was at a level that they did not dare to imagine! However, the monstrous Ai Anxin was about to open the Mahayana Lotus Flower in front of everyone …
As the Mahayana Lotus Flower spun continuously, an even larger lotus flower appeared above it. This lotus flower was even larger than the one below it, and it had more lotus leaves.
There were nine leaves in the Hinayana Lotus Flower, and 29 leaves in the Mahayana Lotus Flower!
When the Mahayana Lotus Flower appeared, the first lotus leaf began to unfurl, followed by the second, third, fourth, and fifth leaves …
Ai Anxin raised her head and looked at the lotus leaves that kept opening. A faint smile appeared on her tired face.
With five leaves and the nine leaves of the Hinayana Lotus Flower, she had opened a total of fourteen leaves!
In the end, the Mahayana Lotus Flower stopped at five leaves. Not long after, it disappeared faintly.
The Palace Masters looked at Ai Anxin with complicated expressions. Although the Xin Huo inheritance was to inspect the juniors of the thirteen palaces, the things that Ai Anxin displayed were something that even the Palace Masters were envious of!
After her Mahayana Lotus Flower disappeared, Ai Anxin glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled faintly.
In the One Thought Sealed Tower, because Ai Anxin came out early, she was left far behind by Luo Zheng.
In the Illusory Space's trial, Luo Zheng lost to her brother. Although she won a city and had one more trial than Luo Zheng, her brother was too strong. Strictly speaking, she did not leave Luo Zheng too far behind!
This time, how could Luo Zheng compete with her?
Luo Zheng was not a fool. He easily understood the smile in Ai Anxin's eyes. However, his expression was still very calm, and his eyes were full of calmness.
He was concerned about his sixth minor heavenly tribulation. Why was it not here yet?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1084
The Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill couldn't have lost its effect, right?
He hadn't attracted the tenth minor tribulation, but the sixth. In fact, even if he hadn't taken the Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, with his current cultivation level, the tribulation should have come naturally.
Why hadn't the minor tribulation come yet?
Yun Luo glanced at Ai Anxin's expression and frowned slightly. She was also looking forward to Luo Zheng's tribulation. Although it wasn't the tenth minor tribulation, she could observe how many lotus leaves Luo Zheng had opened through the tribulation.
However, she didn't like the look in Ai Anxin's eyes. This woman didn't seem to know that Luo Zheng had purposely held back and lost to her brother … Why didn't Luo Zheng explain it to her?
Now, only Luo Zheng hadn't undergone the tribulation.
The other warriors couldn't possibly wait forever for Luo Zheng. Not to mention, after taking the Ten Direction Calamity Bringer Pill, the Heavenly Tribulation would usually be triggered within two hours. Except for Ai Anxin, who was a special case, the Heavenly Tribulation would most likely not descend for the warriors who took longer than this time.
Someone suggested that the old man in linen clothes should remove the seal, which meant that the Torch Inheritance had come to an end.
The old man in linen clothes admired Luo Zheng very much. However, since the minor tribulation didn't come, it probably wouldn't come. He was very confident about this, so he nodded and said, "Okay!"
After saying that, he waved his hand and was about to remove the seal completely …
However, at this moment, dots of golden light suddenly appeared in the sky!
After the golden lights condensed, they entangled with each other and grew crazily like little golden snakes!
"Eh?" When the old man in linen clothes saw the little golden snakes, his face revealed a surprised expression. "What's that?"
Many palace masters, Yun Luo, the Sunset Realmlord, and the others all looked at the top of Luo Zheng's head in unison. Their faces were filled with strange expressions. Clearly, the thing that had appeared in front of them was very unfamiliar even to them, who had seen a lot of things!
When these little golden snakes appeared, a faint lotus shadow also appeared above Luo Zheng's head!
"It's here, Luo Zheng's sixth minor tribulation!"
"What's there to be excited about? Isn't it just the sixth minor tribulation? Which one of us hasn't experienced it? "
Luo Zheng's fifth level Life and Death realm cultivation was indeed very dazzling here. Among the Thirteen Palaces' martial artists, no one's cultivation was lower than his …
Everyone's experience, so this sixth minor tribulation wasn't anything to be surprised about.
As for Ai Anxin's Ten minor tribulation, she had to wait, her tenth minor tribulation, which was excusable. Even if it was a heavenly tribulation's, it still needed a long time to's's Heavenly Tribulation '. The stronger the tribulation's tribulation's Tribulation Bringer, Heavenly Tribulation's time, the time,'s't's.
Luo Zheng's' sixth minor tribulation's' brewing time was actually longer than hers. This was indeed a very strange thing!
"Speaking of which, I wonder how many leaves this fellow's lotus flower has sprouted …" With this thought in mind, Ai Anxin calmly observed Luo Zheng's lotus flower silhouette. The silhouette was becoming more and more solid.
However, as the lotus gradually solidified, Ai Anxin's brows furrowed more and more, and her pupils grew bigger and bigger!
Ai Anxin wasn't the only one!
At this moment, the Sunset Realm Master, many Palace Masters, and all the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces, as well as the linen-clothed old man, were all staring at Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's lotus flower was the shadow of a Mahayana Lotus Flower …
What was even more frightening was that this Mahayana lotus didn't just have nine leaves at the bottom, it also had twenty-six leaves at the top, for a total of thirty-five leaves!
Ai Anxin's fourteen-leaf sprouts earlier was already shocking enough. This woman was many times more monstrous than they had imagined. They did not expect much from Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was only a sixth-stage Heavenly Tribulation cultivator. There was still a huge gap between him and a tenth-stage minor Heavenly Tribulation cultivator!
However, a thirty-five leaf lotus guy suddenly appeared in front of them. This gave them an extremely unreal feeling!
"It can't be fake, right …?"
Many warriors had the same thought in their minds. Seeing the phantom of the Mahayana Lotus Flower was indeed hard for them to accept.
"How can it be fake? How can it be fake?" Someone said.
"But … this guy's Mahayana lotus has already bloomed to such a degree. Why is he still only at the fifth level of Life and Death realm?" Someone else asked.
"You're asking me? Who should I ask?"
A faint smile hung on Yun Luo's face. When she tested Luo Zheng with the Scarlet Dawn Ring, she had already deduced that Luo Zheng had a Mahayana lotus.
However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng not only had the Mahayana Lotus Flower, but he had already sprouted twenty-six of the twenty-seven leaves on the Mahayana Lotus Flower. He only needed one more leaf to reach perfection!
Even though she had a premonition, this still greatly surprised Yun Luo.
Yun Luo had carefully analyzed her clone's memories and understood that Luo Zheng couldn't be looked at with ordinary eyes.
"Yun Luo, did you already know about this?" Sunset Realm Lord asked.
"Know about what?" Yun Luo feigned ignorance.
"About Luo Zheng having a Mahayana lotus?" Sunset Realm Lord asked.
Yun Luo faintly smiled, "I guessed a little. However, I didn't expect his Mahayana lotus to have already bloomed to such a degree …"
Sunset Realm Lord's gaze was complicated to the extreme. He only said indifferently, "I'm afraid that this guy's future isn't something our human race can control."
Hearing this, Yun Luo didn't say anything. However, in her heart, she thought, 'This guy's fate is too difficult to control. Moreover, strictly speaking, Luo Zheng has already joined the Heavenly Immortal Clan.'
Yun Luo couldn't directly tell Sunset Realm Lord these words. As for Luo Zheng's future path, Yun Luo still maintained her usual attitude and let him walk on his own.
Ai Anxin stared blankly at the lotus in the sky. The expression in her eyes grew more and more complicated. A sense of defeat surged in her heart.
The little bit of pride she had accumulated dissipated at this moment. The scene in front of her made her feel the gap between her and Luo Zheng even more clearly. This gap was almost insurmountable.
Strictly speaking, her Mahayana lotus had only bloomed five leaves.
Moreover, Ai Anxin had experienced the tenth minor heavenly tribulation, while Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. In other words, he had only experienced the fifth minor heavenly tribulation, but his Mahayana lotus had already bloomed twenty-six leaves …
What Ai Anxin didn't know was that Luo Zheng hadn't bloomed twenty-six leaves during the fifth minor heavenly tribulation. He had only broken through the Life and Death Realm for the first time. During the first minor heavenly tribulation, his lotus had already bloomed to such a degree! If she knew, Ai Anxin might vomit blood …
Even now, Ai Anxin still suffered a heavy blow!
Although this lotus was an illusory existence, it was precisely because of this that it could determine the possibility of a martial artist surpassing the heavenly dao in the future!
Moreover, this lotus couldn't be changed. How much it bloomed and when it bloomed was completely unknown. However, this was the direct difference. No matter how Ai Anxin thought about it, this was an unchangeable fact.
"This is too much …" Ai Anxin inexplicably muttered such a sentence in a low voice.
She felt that Luo Zheng had gone too far, but she had forgotten that from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had never intended to compete with her. Even when he participated in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Luo Zheng's initial goal was to obtain the Torch Flame Inheritance's reward!
On the contrary, Ai Anxin had been targeting Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end. She had even provoked Luo Zheng for no reason. But now, when Ai Anxin felt disappointed and wronged, she subconsciously believed that Luo Zheng's actions had been targeted at her from the beginning to the end!
As soon as the Mahayana Lotus Flower appeared, the small golden snakes in the sky began to elongate. From a few feet in length, they grew to several tens of feet in length, then to several tens of feet in length. As they circled in the air, they shot toward Luo Zheng.

Chapter 1085
The various Palace Lords looked at the Sunset Realm Lord in confusion. One of them asked, "What's not good about it?"
The Sunset Realm Lord's eyes were fixed on the golden snake as he spat out four words. "The Bamboo Snake of Annihilation!"
"Bamboo Snake? How could such a thing appear? "
"Now that you mention it, it does seem somewhat similar to the legends!"
"The Bamboo Snake of Annihilation … How could a Life and Death realm martial artist encounter such a legendary tribulation …"
These Palace Lords didn't recognize the origins of the Bamboo Snake, but after hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's words, they instantly understood.
The Hundred Thousand Great Realms had a clearer understanding of providence than the Lower Realms.
When martial artists cultivated in defiance of the heavens and ascended to the Divine Path, there was the saying of defying the heavens and changing one's fate.
Defying the heavens was naturally cultivating in defiance of the heavens. Starting from the Life and Death Realm, every step forward was defying the heavens, leaving a footprint and welcoming a heavenly tribulation!
Changing one's fate was changing one's own destiny! Although there was a predestined fate, every martial artist exhausted all means to jump out of this predestined fate!
In fact, everyone was constantly trying to escape from the predestined fate …
Mortals might face a bucket of water they couldn't lift, an unbreakable city, or a cup of poisoned wine bestowed by a monarch that they couldn't refuse.
On the other hand, martial artists might face a mountain they couldn't push down, an opponent they couldn't defeat, a heavenly tribulation that they couldn't resist even if they exhausted all their strength …
This was also the reason why the martial artists in the Upper Realm were so interested in the shadow of the lotus flower. It was because all the lives in the universe were included in the Heavenly Axiom, from the stars in the sky to the insects and ants. The number of lotus flowers represented the possibility of jumping out of the Heavenly Axiom!
Jumping out of the Heavenly Dao meant that the fate set by the Heavenly Dao was the end. Only then could one be considered true freedom. If one couldn't jump out of the Heavenly Dao, then one would be continuously reincarnated in one evolution cycle after another. After the next evolution cycle, one might be a speck of dust or a Celestial Venerate, but in the end, one wouldn't be able to jump out of the rut.
Therefore, the more lotuses one bloomed, the stronger one's luck would be. This was also a publicly recognized deduction in the Upper Realm. It was not a symbol of talent, but in many cases, it was more important than talent!
The Sunset Realm Lord looked at Luo Zheng, the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake, and the thirty-five leaf Mahayana Lotus above Luo Zheng's head. In the end, he murmured, "What kind of fate does Luo Zheng possess for the heavens to send down the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake?"
Upon hearing the Sunset Realm Lord's puzzlement, Yun Luo took the initiative to say, "Luo Zheng has two Life Providences. Strictly speaking, his War of the Era Life Providence is actually a fake Life Providence. His fate is not controlled by others …"
The Sunset Realm Master was slightly startled, and a strange look appeared in his eyes. "It seems that I have to inform the people from the Lingyan Pavilion now!"
Yun Luo pursed her lips and smiled. "Let's wait until he transcends his tribulation!" The Lingyan Pavilion was indeed a good place for Luo Zheng to go, but Luo Zheng had inherited too many important things.
"But can Luo Zheng really transcend this Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake tribulation?" The Sunset Realm Lord had a worried look on his face.
The Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake was different from ordinary Heavenly Tribulations. These snakes could devour providence, and besides talent, the most important thing for a martialist was providence!
Those with strong Karmic Luck were able to make the best of the situation amidst boundless danger, and they were even able to transform danger into fortune. Everywhere they went, they would be able to move smoothly. On the other hand, those with weak Karmic Luck would face killing intent with every step they took, and it could be said that every step they took was difficult to take!
If Luo Zheng's providence was devoured by the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snake, it would probably be troublesome for Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng looked at the slowly crawling golden snakes in the sky and a bad premonition arose in his heart.
These golden snakes did not have much power and were far inferior to the various lightning tribulations, fire tribulations, and nightmare tribulations. However, after seeing these golden snakes, Luo Zheng felt a sense of danger rise in his heart. It was as if these golden snakes could snatch away the most important thing to him!
When these golden snakes crawled slowly in the air to a certain point, they actually opened their mouths and seemed to be devouring something in the air?
What were they eating?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of confusion.
"It's providence." Xun's voice transmitted over. "These are Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes. They can directly devour a martialist's providence. These Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes are a very special kind of creature that can feed on providence!"
"Devour my providence?" Luo Zheng was shocked. The most important thing for Luo Zheng to be able to walk step by step to where he was now was not his cultivation method or treasures. It was his willpower, talent, and providence. These three were the most important and could not be missing! Not only for Luo Zheng, but any martialist who wanted to climb to the peak had to be like this!
Ever since he left the Eastern Territory, Luo Zheng's providence had always been very strong. His providence could not only affect himself, but also the people around him. Therefore, anyone who was close to Luo Zheng had always had good providence. For example, once Xi Youqin entered the Extreme Purple Realm, she became a disciple of the Indefinite Tower. This was also influenced by providence!
After that, Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, and even Hua Tianming and the others all had their own fortuitous encounters. They were more or less influenced by Luo Zheng's powerful providence!
It was not easy to change a person's providence.
Luo Zheng had once participated in the test of the Wheel of Providence in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb. He had been cursed by the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom, and his providence had been affected. When a martialist who had been cursed shook the die, he would get the worst result no matter what. It looked as if the curse had really changed Luo Zheng's providence.
In fact, Daoist Heaven Mist had changed the Wheel of Providence, not Luo Zheng. According to the rules set by Daoist Heaven Mist, as long as one was cursed, no matter how strong one's providence was, it would be impossible to get a good result from shaking the die …
Right now, these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes were devouring Luo Zheng's providence bite by bite. Every time a strand of providence was devoured, it could not be recovered!
"Why would such a strange Heavenly Tribulation descend? That providence can't be seen or touched. It's actually being devoured by these golden snakes! "
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He suddenly jumped up and went straight for the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes.
No matter who it was, once they discovered that something was devouring their providence, they would not sit idly by!
"Whoosh!"
Unexpectedly, after Luo Zheng rushed up, he directly passed through the golden snakes. These golden snakes were illusory existences!
The other martialists, including Ai Anxin, did not understand the scene before them. From their point of view, these golden snakes that descended from the sky were not very powerful. They were naturally far inferior to the Heavenly Tribulation that Ai Anxin had encountered!
The Sunset Realmlord and the others had worried expressions on their faces.
When a martialist underwent a Heavenly Tribulation, they could not rely on the help of others. They could only rely on their own strength to deal with it.
Originally, the Sunset Realm Lord thought that Luo Zheng had a way to deal with it. However, when he saw this scene, he understood that Luo Zheng did not seem to have any way to deal with these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes …
The Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes did not pay any attention to Luo Zheng. However, after Luo Zheng moved, these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes kept twisting in the air. They seemed to have changed directions and continued to devour Luo Zheng's providence.
"These Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes are not living creatures. In other words, they have already surpassed the limits of living creatures …" The Sunset Realm Lord stared at Luo Zheng's every move and said, "If I remember correctly, I once saw an exception in the ancient records that transcended epochs. Countless epochs ago, there were martialists who encountered these Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes. Those who were qualified to attract the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes' tribulation were naturally people with extremely strong providence. However, after the Fate-Destroying Yellow Snakes' tribulation descended, they could only watch these snakes devour their providence without any means to resist!"
A Palace Lord could not help but shake his head. "In other words, Luo Zheng is making a pointless struggle?"
"What a pity. I really look forward to seeing what kind of extraordinary splendor this little fellow will blossom in the future!" Another Palace Lord sighed. Although Luo Zheng did not come from the Heavenly Palace that he belonged to, everyone cherished talents. Seeing such a person's providence end, he could not help but sigh in his heart.

Chapter 1086
These Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were still circling in the air, constantly opening their mouths and gnawing in the void. There were even soft sounds coming from them.
They did not cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng's expression grew darker and darker …
"Crunch, crunch …"
The soft gnawing sounds were like silkworms gnawing on mulberry leaves, constantly wearing down Luo Zheng's luck.
The importance of luck to him was self-evident, but these Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were completely illusory existences.
It was as if they did not exist in this world, and Luo Zheng could do nothing about them now!
Even Qinglong, who was in Luo Zheng's mind, faintly sighed. Today's Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes tribulation was because Luo Zheng's luck was too strong that it attracted such a tribulation.
And from ancient times until now, there was no way to resolve this tribulation in any of the ancient records.
Qinglong could not think of a solution, and neither could Xun. This was a heavenly tribulation that could not be resisted …
Luo Zheng's expression was originally very gloomy, and he was even somewhat at a loss. But as time passed, Luo Zheng's state of mind suddenly calmed down, and his previously slightly anxious state of mind slowly calmed down.
He flipped over, crossed his knees in the air, and fell down like a thousand pounds. He sat back down in midair, and his expression returned to indifference …
It was not that Luo Zheng had chosen to give up. Since he had embarked on this path, Luo Zheng had never thought of giving up!
No matter how powerful the heavenly tribulation, no matter how strong the opponent, Luo Zheng had never yielded.
The heavenly tribulation was not a death tribulation, otherwise, all the warriors in the universe would have died long ago. Since the Heavenly Dao had given such a difficult tribulation, there must be a deeper meaning. Rather than being anxious in vain, it was better to maintain his state of mind and wait for changes.
No matter how bad his luck was, it would not tell him to go and die, right? He comforted himself in his heart.
"Crunch, crunch …"
Those Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were still gnawing slowly in the air, slowly twisting their bodies, as if they were eating Luo Zheng's luck as exquisite food, swallowing it bite by bite …
"This Luo Zheng is actually able to remain calm and collected. That's really commendable," one of the Palace Masters commented.
"Perhaps, he already has a way to break it?" Another Palace Master asked.
"Haha … Let's not talk about Luo Zheng. Even the Celestial Sovereigns of the various Great Realms would not be able to think of a way to break it. I'm afraid this thing shouldn't exist in the universe! "The Palace Master continued.
Luo Zheng's state of mind was like an ancient well. There were no ups and downs, only calmness!
This Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity of the Calamity to him.
So what if he lost the protection of providence?
In many cases, luck could indeed create many miracles. However, Luo Zheng did not rely solely on luck to get to where he was today.
Without luck, his future path might be even more difficult. This meant that he would encounter even more difficult challenges, but so what?
"So what!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng opened his eyes again. There was a deep look in his eyes. In the face of this irresistible calamity, Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts sublimated once again.
This was a contest between gains and losses. This was also the realization of knowing that it was impossible to do something!
Ai Anxin stood directly across from Luo Zheng. When she met Luo Zheng's eyes and saw Luo Zheng's eyes, her heart suddenly contracted and began to beat wildly!
She did not understand the look in Luo Zheng's eyes, but in those deep eyes, there was an extremely complicated emotion!
What was going on with Luo Zheng?
A huge mystery appeared in Ai Anxin's heart. She did not know what Luo Zheng had experienced in this short period of time.
It wasn't just Ai Anxin. When the martialists of the 13 Palaces inadvertently met Luo Zheng's eyes, their hearts began to beat wildly …
Clap, clap, clap … At this moment, the Sunset Realmlord actually clapped his hands. "This kid is amazing. He clearly knows that he can't fight against the Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snake, yet he actually used it to train his state of mind. This kid's heart of martial arts has probably improved greatly!"
Few martialists could remain calm under such circumstances. Not only that, but they could also use this upheaval to train themselves. The Sunset Realmlord also applauded Luo Zheng's actions …
Every martialist had a different personality and state of mind. For example, the Sunset Realmlord's nature was straightforward. When he met someone he admired, he would be full of praise. Yun Luo's personality was more introverted. When he saw Luo Zheng's performance, he only smiled slightly. However, no matter who it was, he still admired Luo Zheng's performance very much.
Even though Luo Zheng's state of mind had undergone another metamorphosis, the Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snakes continued to gnaw in the air. To these Fate-Destroying Bamboo Snakes, this feast was far from over. It was just that Luo Zheng did not care.
However, after a few incense sticks' worth of time, there was a sudden change!
Whoosh …
A gentle breeze suddenly swept up!
The wind was generated around Luo Zheng and swept out in all directions …
When this cool breeze swept through Ai Anxin's hair, a puzzled look appeared on her face.
"The wind is blowing. But where is the wind coming from?" She thought to herself.
Everyone's faces were also puzzled. This place had been completely sealed by the plain-clothed old man. The wind from the outside world could not blow in. Right now, every martialist was quietly standing there. No one was circulating their cultivation techniques. Naturally, they could not disturb the airflow.
Even Luo Zheng himself did not move in the slightest. Instead, he sat calmly on the spot like a rock.
In comparison, this group of Palace Masters, including the Sunset Realmlord, were much, much stronger than the martialists of the Thirteen Palaces. Naturally, they were also many times more sensitive!
The Sunset Realmlord stared at Luo Zheng and said, "This wind is coming from behind Luo Zheng. There's something behind him."
"I don't feel anything. Luo Zheng's back is empty. There's nothing behind him." Another Palace Master sized him up. He was very confident in his own judgment.
The other Palace Masters also nodded. "Indeed, there's nothing strange behind Luo Zheng …"
However, this wind was real. It was not the power of Laws that had been transformed into true essence. It was as if there was something extremely powerful that was about to be born, causing the airflow to become chaotic.
This breeze became more and more fierce. The strength of the wind became stronger and stronger. Gradually, it turned from a breeze into a strong gale!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
This gust of strong wind circled around everyone, making a whistling sound.
In fact, the martialists present could use their own comprehension of the Power of Laws to create a hurricane that was ten thousand times stronger than this gale!
However, no one knew where this wind came from or how it was created. This was very strange!
Just as everyone was puzzled, a martialist suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng's back and said, "Look! What is that! "
Luo Zheng's back was still empty. There was nothing behind him. However, it was precisely because of this that it appeared even more strange.
This strong gale that constantly whistled and blew at every corner. It was inevitable that it would bring up traces of dust. Everyone's vision was slightly blurred. However, this blurriness did not affect the vision of many martialists.
However, when the strong gale blew at Luo Zheng's back, everyone discovered something strange.
This gale seemed to be unable to pass through Luo Zheng's back. This was because under the sweeping of the wind, which carried traces of dust, a faint shadow was outlined on Luo Zheng's back. It was the shadow of a giant!
To be exact, it could not be said to be a shadow. It was just that the wind was unable to pass through this colossus. It was a vague outline of nothingness!
Coincidentally, the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were gnawing along this "outline". It looked as if the Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes were gnawing on a non-existent "giant"!
Hearing everyone's voices, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. However, when he looked back, a ray of light shot out from his eyes.
The outline of a giant? What was this?
The Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes … Since they were gnawing on his providence, then this giant's outline was his providence?
Why was his providence like this?
Although Luo Zheng could maintain a calm heart, it was inevitable that doubts would arise when he saw this strange scene.
More importantly, when did this thing follow behind him?
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1087
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The wind was still howling.
The crowd stared at this strange scene. No one knew what it meant.
'Is this my luck?'
'It's said that luck is innate. Does this mean that this giant's silhouette has been with me since I was born?'
'It accompanied me through the Eastern Territory, the Central Territory, the Sea God Continent, the Kingdom of God, and ascended …'
'Why does my luck have such a shape?'
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with doubts. Meanwhile, those Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were still conscientiously gnawing on the giant's body in the 'air', or rather, surrounding it!
Even the Sunset Realm Lord had a puzzled look on his face.
In the Upper Realm, the research on fate was quite thorough. Although this thing could not be seen or touched, everyone truly understood that fate was something that truly existed. If one were to use a certain method, it could also affect one's own fate to a certain extent …
However, luck was just a description. How could it have a shape?
That being said, the Luck Destroying Yellow Serpent was a legendary existence. It sounded ridiculous to say that it could devour luck.
Since this happened to Luo Zheng, everything that was happening now was not surprising.
Just as everyone was feeling strange, they saw the giant's silhouette start to move …
The wind could not blow through this area, so it could only outline the giant's silhouette. In everyone's eyes, it was not really a giant that started to move. They only saw a silhouette changing shape and changing the path of the wind, causing everyone to have the illusion that the giant was moving.
They saw the giant's silhouette suddenly raise a hand and pat itself lightly!
A golden Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed into pieces!
"This …"
The Sunset Realmlord was speechless when he saw this scene.
The other Palace Lords had the same expression. To them, this scene was beyond the scope of understanding. They could not understand what was happening.
After the first Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed, the giant's silhouette was still "waving" its hand. Its other hand patted itself again. On the second day, the Late-luck Bamboo Snake was crushed into pieces again, turning into golden powder …
Then, the third, the fourth, the fifth …
The Palace Lords watched with their eyes wide open. They held their breaths and no one spoke.
No one expected this to happen. Everyone should wait until they finished watching before speaking …
Just like that, the Luck Destroyer Bamboo Snakes were smashed to pieces with a single slap.
There were not many Late-luck Bamboo Snakes in the first place. There were only eight of them. After a few slaps, seven of them had been crushed. As for the last one, based on its silhouette, it seemed to have burrowed into the body of the 'giant'. The giant reached out his hand and plucked the Late-luck Bamboo Snake out of its body. The giant's hand lightly and crushed the Late-luck Bamboo Snake!
"…"
Luo Zheng's face was also filled with astonishment.
In comparison, as the person, he was more than anyone else …
Moreover, the giant's, the giant's silhouette, the giant's silhouette, Luo Zheng's, Luo, Luo
He seemed to have seen this giant's figure before! But as for who it was, Luo Zheng could not remember.
After the eight Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were crushed, they turned into golden powder and scattered down. Finally, they surrounded Luo Zheng and disappeared …
The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were also things that could not be touched. The giant's silhouette was an existence that did not exist.
After the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were destroyed, the wind gradually began to stop. As the wind began to fade, the giant's silhouette could no longer be seen. It gradually disappeared before everyone's eyes.
Even after it disappeared, the scene was still very quiet.
No one knew what had happened. They only confirmed one thing. Luo Zheng seemed to have survived the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes.
No one knew why Luo Zheng was able to survive. Luo Zheng himself could not give a reasonable explanation …
"After those Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were crushed, they seemed to have been absorbed by Luo Zheng. I wonder if there were any benefits?" someone asked.
The more powerful something was, the more good things it had on it. This was common knowledge in the world of martial artists.
The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were such a strange existence. Would absorbing them strengthen one's luck?
In fact, no one could answer the Palace Master's question. The Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were originally legendary creatures. Most of the people present had never heard of them. How would they know what the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes were used for?
"This … Does this count as surviving the first Heavenly Tribulation?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and his expression became calmer.
However, what happened next left everyone speechless ….
"Crackle …"
After the Late-luck Bamboo Snakes disappeared, Luo Zheng immediately faced a Heavenly Tribulation.
This Heavenly Tribulation was the most common type of Heavenly Tribulation. However, the Heavenly Tribulation Luo Zheng faced was not an existence that ordinary Heavenly Tribulation could compare to.
As soon as the purple-black Heavenly Tribulation Lightning appeared, it directly struck down from the sky!
"Boom!"
This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, which extended a great distance, turned into a huge dragon and rushed down towards Luo Zheng.
In the end, it landed right in front of Luo Zheng, smashing a huge hole in the ground in front of him.
In other words, this Heavenly Tribulation Lightning missed …
Seeing this scene, everyone's face revealed a strange expression.
This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning could miss? They didn't seem to have heard of this before.
"Boom …"
Suddenly, another purple-black Heavenly Tribulation Lightning came down from the sky. This Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was not far from Luo Zheng's right side, but it still did not hit Luo Zheng.
"Boom, boom …"
Bolts of lightning came down from the sky. The power contained in each bolt of lightning could probably destroy an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior.
However, it did not cause the slightest harm to Luo Zheng. The reason was very simple. These bolts of lightning did not hit Luo Zheng. Those bolts of lightning all fell outside the range of Luo Zheng's body.
Not long after, a huge circular hole formed in front of Luo Zheng. Those bolts of lightning still fell down relentlessly, but they still did not hit Luo Zheng.
"Fate! Luo Zheng's fate should have been strengthened! "
"It should be because of that Bamboo Snake of Exterminating Fate. But I don't know if this heaven-defying fate is permanent or will it last for a period of time …"
"How can this kind of providence be permanent? If it can last forever, then it's too terrifying! "
The Palace Masters continued to discuss among themselves …
In their view, the Heavenly Tribulation was the most accurate thing in the entire universe. How could the Heavenly Dao tolerate its own mistakes?
However, Luo Zheng's current fate was so powerful that it made people's hair stand on end. Even the Heavenly Tribulation formed by those bolts of lightning could not hit Luo Zheng. This was just too strange!
At this time, Luo Zheng's face was also filled with surprise. He also did not know what had happened to him. It seemed that his luck had suddenly become extremely good?
Thinking of this, Yun Luo suddenly floated gently, closing the distance between her and Luo Zheng by several feet. Then, she stretched out her hand toward Luo Zheng, who was in the middle of the Heavenly Tribulation. An invisible wave of energy went straight toward Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo used one-thousandth of her strength in this palm. If Luo Zheng sat where he was, he would not be able to avoid it!
But at this time, a strange scene occurred. Before the palm floated in front of Luo Zheng, a complicated wave of energy suddenly appeared in the air. An extremely powerful spatial storm suddenly broke out, directly annihilating Yun Luo's palm.
When the other Palace Masters saw this, their expressions became more and more strange …
That spatial storm was definitely not released by Luo Zheng, nor was it released by anyone else. It was a naturally formed spatial storm!
Although the Orange Sea Realm was a broken realm, after so many years of operation by the Alliance, it was very stable. The possibility of a spatial storm appearing in such a stable space was very small!

Chapter 1088
The spatial storm 'coincidentally' appeared in the path of Yun Luo's palm strike at Luo Zheng at this moment, and coincidentally cancelled out Yun Luo's palm strike … …
This coincidence was so coincidental that it made one's hair stand on end!
The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces didn't see this scene in front of them. They were still puzzled. Why couldn't the Heavenly Tribulation blast Luo Zheng? Why did the Palace Lord of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace strike towards Luo Zheng? Why would a spatial storm appear out of nowhere in this stable space?
They couldn't understand it at all …
Ai Anxin, on the other hand, seemed to have understood something …
She lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot, and cracks appeared on the ground beneath her feet. She lightly raised her finger, and a small stone was pulled up from the ground by her.
Then she grabbed the stone and threw it towards Luo Zheng.
The stone wasn't big, but it flew at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, it was in front of Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
At the same time, a bolt of lightning 'coincidentally' struck beside Luo Zheng, and directly shattered the stone into pieces …
Yun Luo smiled and said, "Luo Zheng's luck seems to be a bit heaven-defying. It's probably wishful thinking to want to cause any harm to Luo Zheng now!"
Seeing this incomprehensible coincidence, the Sunset Realm Lord smiled helplessly. Luo Zheng's absorption of the Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes did seem to have increased his luck …
In the Upper Realm, there were some great methods that could temporarily change one's luck, but the degree of increase was very small. For example, the 'Luck Prayer' of the Esoteric Sect, and some divine weapons that could increase one's luck, and so on. However, in the eyes of the Sunset Realm Lord and Yun Luo, these things didn't increase one's luck so much as they gave one a psychological hint. The real effect was still to be discussed.
But the scene in front of them was different …
After Luo Zheng absorbed the Luck Destroying Yellow Snakes, the change in his luck was a fact that was set in stone!
In this state, no matter what Luo Zheng did, it would be as if God was helping him.
Take the space storm that resisted Yun Luo's palm strike as an example, the probability of it "suddenly" appearing on Changsu Island was very low, perhaps only one in a trillion. However, it happened to appear in front of Luo Zheng and when Luo Zheng launched his palm strike. The probability was so small that it was hard to calculate. It was not a problem that could be ignored …
But it just so happened that it appeared "coincidentally"!
"It's a bit of a waste." The Sunset Realm Master shook his head. Unfortunately, he couldn't touch those Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes and didn't know how to store them. If Luo Zheng could keep one or two Luck Destroying Bamboo Snakes, he could probably do a lot of things with them!
Luo Zheng naturally understood what had happened, but he was still transcending the tribulation …
Bolts of lightning struck down, and all of them were crooked. What kind of tribulation was this?
Depressed, Luo Zheng did not move too much. It was better to wait and see. But was his luck really that strong now?
Luo Zheng's Tribulation Transcendence lasted for an entire hour …
An hour later, the sixth minor heavenly tribulation finally dissipated. The Mahayana Lotus Flower spun a few times, and the shadow slowly faded away.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the Mahayana Lotus Flower did not seem to open its last leaf.
Just now, he was thinking that since his luck was so strong now, would he be able to make the Mahayana Lotus Flower bloom perfectly? Now, Luo Zheng realized that he was thinking too much. Perhaps his luck was not enough to affect the Mahayana Lotus Flower at all.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to get up, the Mahayana Lotus Flower that had disappeared appeared again above Luo Zheng's head, still spinning slowly.
Everyone, including Luo Zheng, was stunned. What was going on now?
As the Heavenly Might in the sky became denser and denser, everyone immediately understood that Luo Zheng's tribulation was not over. The seventh minor tribulation had arrived …
"Luo Zheng is transcending tribulations consecutively?"
"Actually, there's nothing strange about it. When one's cultivation reaches a certain level, the Heavenly Dao will sense it, and there will be no shortage of tribulations!"
"I've seen a guy transcending tribulations consecutively before. That guy deliberately suppressed his cultivation for too long. Therefore, as soon as he reached the Life and Death realm, he was hit by two minor tribulations consecutively. However, that guy wasn't prepared enough and was struck by lightning, dying from serious injuries …"
"This Luo Zheng won't die, right?"
After Luo Zheng transcended the sixth minor tribulation, the linen-clothed old man was ready to remove the seal. He never expected that Luo Zheng would continue to transcend the tribulation.
It was just a matter of a few more hours, but for them, it was like a mortal's breath. Everyone was very patient.
In the seventh minor tribulation, the Luck Destroying Luo Snake tribulation didn't appear …
However, all kinds of powerful tribulations weren't rare. The might of the seventh minor tribulation was already comparable to many people's ninth or even tenth minor tribulation.
However, the key point was that because Luo Zheng's heaven-defying luck was temporarily on his body, those tribulations seemed to have lost their aim and didn't cause too much trouble for Luo Zheng!
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was somewhat unhappy. Heavenly tribulation was a calamity for martial artists, but at the same time, it was also a test. Martial artists accepted the punishment of heavenly tribulation, and at the same time, underwent the baptism of heavenly tribulation. Only in this way could one complete layer after layer of transformation in the Life and Death realm.
The problem was that those tribulations had lost their aim and smashed around Luo Zheng. What kind of situation was this? Could this still be called a heavenly tribulation?
Just as Luo Zheng's thoughts were slightly stirred …
"Rumble …"
Terrifying purple lightning, like long whips from hell, ruthlessly lashed at Luo Zheng's body …
Under this terrifying luck, Luo Zheng seemed to be able to command the heavens and earth. This was something that Luo Zheng had never imagined. Therefore, he was caught off guard and directly struck down by these lightning bolts.
Luo Zheng flipped over from the ground and immediately jumped up. Since these heavenly tribulations appeared one after another, he would naturally endure them. Moreover, with his luck, he could completely control the effects of these heavenly tribulations on himself.
Even if it wasn't because of the sudden increase in his luck, Luo Zheng was very confident that he could pass through the minor tribulation.
After all, with his divine tool body, resisting the heavenly tribulation wasn't difficult at all.
As Luo Zheng continued to receive the baptism of heavenly tribulations, the seventh minor tribulation finally passed after an hour. However, the Mahayana Lotus Flower still hadn't fully bloomed, faintly disappearing from everyone's sight.
"It can't be … there's more, right?" Luo Zheng thought in his heart.
Perhaps it was because the eighth minor heavenly tribulation would definitely appear, or perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng's extraordinary luck that he could get whatever he wanted.
As the lotus flower's phantom emerged, the eighth minor tribulation descended …
Luo Zheng sighed, revealing a bitter smile on his face. Today was really strange. He couldn't tell whether his luck was super good or super bad.
"Three consecutive heavenly tribulations …"
"From the fifth layer of Life and Death realm to the eighth layer of Life and Death realm in less than two hours. This guy …"
Many warriors were speechless at this time.
Although it was rare for a warrior to cross two heavenly tribulations in a row, it wasn't that rare. However, a warrior crossing three heavenly tribulations in a row was extremely rare.
However, after an hour …
"Four consecutive minor heavenly tribulations …"
"After passing through them, his cultivation base will rise to the ninth layer of Life and Death realm!"
"He can't be planning to break through to the Divine Sea realm like this, right?"
"Don't forget, this Luo Zheng swallowed the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill. Could it be that these heavenly tribulations were attracted by the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill?"
"There's no end to this!"
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry when he saw the power of the Heavenly Tribulation gathering in the sky again. There was really no end to it. Although he was eager to improve his cultivation level and even wanted to see how his Chaotic Qi would look like after he opened his Deity Sea, he did not know whether to laugh or cry.
But it shouldn't be this fast, right?

Chapter 1089
Consecutive tribulations were rare to begin with.
Even Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would trigger five minor heavenly tribulations in a row this time.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body had advanced once more. Adding to the fact that his luck had reached an unimaginable level, the tribulations weren't that difficult to deal with.
Under the baptism of the heavenly tribulations, Luo Zheng's cultivation base rapidly rose.
Luo Zheng could now be considered a tenth layer Life and Death realm martial artist.
Strictly speaking, Life and Death realm didn't have such a level, because starting from the sixth layer of Life and Death realm, True Yuan would continuously liquefy. And the later the liquefy, the more perfect the Deity Sea would be.
After reaching the tenth layer of Life and Death realm, True Yuan would rapidly liquefy and form a flawless Deity Sea, making one a Deity Sea martial artist.
However, Luo Zheng's current situation was somewhat special.
For example, Ai Anxin, Xue Muyang, and the others' Dantians were naturally evolving into Deity Seas.
After reaching the tenth layer of Life and Death realm, Luo Zheng also tried to investigate his Dantian. He wanted to see if the Primal Chaos Qi had successfully evolved into Deity Sea.
In the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, his master had deduced that the Primal Chaos Qi was the essence of the universe. Logically speaking, it could also evolve into a Deity Sea. Moreover, unlike the True Essence Sea, the Deity Sea created by the Primal Chaos Qi would be a real world!
Deity Sea martial artists could open Deity Seas, and when they reached the Extreme God Realm, they could gradually nurture a world within their body. From there, they could nurture all kinds of creatures, and even give birth to countries, societies, and brand new cultures.
However, this world and the real world had an iron-clad rule. Any creature nurtured in the inner world couldn't leave that world. The moment it left, it would be suppressed by the rules of the universe and disintegrate into True Yuan!
This iron-clad rule was also the strongest law of causality in the universe! So far, no one had been able to break this rule.
There were many legends and stories circulating in the great world. One of them was about an Empyrean who fell in love with a woman nurtured in his inner world!
In the end, the Empyrean racked his brains to find a way to take that woman out of his inner world. For this reason, he spent tens of thousands of years traveling the universe in search of a solution. Finally, the Empyrean seemed to have found a way!
The Empyrean paid an enormous price to allow the woman to live outside for a day, just a single day!
After a day, the woman's that day, under the influence of the law................ com.............
For the time being, this could be considered a beautiful and tragic story. In the upper realms, it was widely spread, especially amongst the human race. Many martial artists understood that even an Empyrean couldn't defy these rules, so it was naturally impossible for ordinary martial artists to defy them!
However, in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, according to his master's deduction, the world cultivated with the Primal Chaos Aura was no different from the living beings and materials in this universe!
In other words, if Luo Zheng successfully opened the Divine Sea and cultivated all sorts of living beings and materials, he could bring them out of his inner world …
The reason was very simple. All the living beings and matter in the entire universe were formed from Chaos, and the living beings that Luo Zheng had formed within the Chaotic Ocean were naturally no different from the living beings in the universe. So, they wouldn't be affected by the supreme Karma Law.
However, this was only his master's inference in the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. After all, up until now, no one had cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. Although his master was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao, it was inevitable that there would be a large error in his inference.
After passing through the tenth heavenly tribulation, Luo Zheng began to use his inner vision to observe the movements in his inner world. Under this observation, he discovered that the chaos energy was becoming increasingly viscous, but there were no signs of it liquefying.
When Luo Zheng first stepped into the Life and Death boundary, his true essence had already begun to liquefy. He didn't expect that even after he stepped into the Divine Sea boundary, the chaos energy still showed no signs of liquefying.
Unfortunately, in this universe, Luo Zheng was the only one who cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. No one could answer the question he encountered. Even his master, who created the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, couldn't give him a precise answer. He could only take one step at a time.
After Luo Zheng passed the tribulation, the Torch Flame inheritance came to an end.
The linen-clothed old man waved his hand and removed the seal that enveloped the area.
However, the moment the old man removed the seal, everyone suddenly discovered that the surrounding scenery seemed a little strange.
Ai Anxin raised his head and indifferently looked at the sky. He said, "So many … clouds."
Above everyone's heads, there were white clouds shrouding them.
"What's going on?"
"There's no rain in the Orange Ocean Realm all year round. How can there be clouds and mist?"
"There's something wrong with these clouds and mist …"
Soon, someone discovered something strange. Within the clouds and mist, there were faint sword shadows constantly evolving.
The Sunset Realm Lord stared at the clouds and his gaze suddenly focused. He took a step forward and disappeared on the spot.
Aside from the Sunset Realm Lord, the other Palace Masters seemed to have thought of something and instantly disappeared.
In the next instant, the Sunset Realm Lord arrived in front of the huge rock at the front of Changsu Island.
In front of the huge rock, the two ragged Divine Realm warriors were staring blankly at the clouds and mist in the sky. Their eyes flickered with an indescribable joy. They were actually constantly comprehending something from the clouds and mist.
This huge cloud and mist enveloped the entire Changsu Island.
However, as it continued to float, numerous faint figures appeared within the clouds. All of the figures only had one action, and that was a simple stab.
However, it was this sword that contained boundless power, giving people an unfathomable feeling.
"The Bright God's Sword … This is the sword that the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign spent his entire life comprehending. Although it's only one sword, only such a sword has the qualifications to hurt a True God …"
"It's a pity that I'm not a sword cultivator …"
"However, such a rare opportunity naturally can't be missed. I can't comprehend the sword intent within, but I can transform the concept into my own and integrate it into my spear …"
The Sunset Realm Lord murmured. When he thought of this, he sat down cross-legged like the other two Ultimate Divine Stage warriors and floated in the air. He raised his head and looked at the thick layer of clouds, trying to comprehend the meaning within!
The Sunset Realm Lord wouldn't let go of this opportunity, and the others were naturally the same.
The Palace Masters, including Yun Luo herself and the cloth-clothed old man, all began to comprehend the ideas within the clouds.
As for Luo Zheng and the others, they couldn't compare to the Palace Masters. The Realm Lords usually teleported here, but their speed wasn't slow either. After rushing over and seeing this scene, how could they not understand what was happening?
Someone must have touched upon the profound mysteries left behind by the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign!
At this moment, no one cared about who exactly it was and how exactly it was that had touched this mystery. In the face of such a great opportunity, no matter who it was, no one was willing to let it go. They all raised their heads and began to comprehend the Sword Intent contained within the figures. As for how much Sword Intent they could comprehend, it would depend on their luck.
When Luo Zheng saw those figures, his mouth opened wide and his eyes were slightly dazed.
This sword was very similar to the "Formless" that Luo Zheng had comprehended. It could be said that it was very similar …
However, in terms of essence, there was still a huge difference!
It was the same sword, and it also walked the path of "the Great Dao is the simplest". However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword was even sharper than Luo Zheng's Formless.
Luo Zheng's Formless was unbreakable because it didn't have a fixed pattern. However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword was unbreakable because it had a fixed pattern …
It was the same path, but a completely different method. The results were as different as heaven and earth!
It had to be said that the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign was superior. This Heavenly Sovereign with the title of "Sword", in terms of comprehension of sword moves, he was an ancestor level figure!
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng's comprehension was useless. On the contrary, because Luo Zheng had comprehended Formless, he could easily understand the wonders of the Bright Sword Heavenly Sovereign's sword …
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1090
On Changsu Island, all the martial artists were seizing every moment to comprehend the sword intent in the clouds.
At this time, sword cultivators had a natural advantage. This was because they had been accompanied by swords their entire lives. Naturally, their comprehension speed was much faster than other martial artists'.
However, Intent Realm was originally a path that led to the same destination. Other saber and spear cultivators certainly wouldn't let go of this opportunity. They concentrated on comprehending every sword in the sword cloud.
Luo Zheng stood in place, looking up at the sky. After being stunned for a while, a faint smile suddenly appeared on his face.
"I understand why it's so difficult to control my sword intent after it's been tempered …"
"Because this sword … is a sword that can break a cauldron and sink a ship. This sword is a sure-kill sword. When I use this sword, I don't need to care about anything, including my own life!"
"Only such an extreme sword move requires such an extreme sword intent …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt enlightened!
Normally, when a martial artist comprehended sword intent or cultivated a cultivation technique, the first stage was to control it. Only by controlling one's own strength could they release this strength. Therefore, martial artists cultivated step by step. They constantly controlled their own cultivation technique step by step. The more proficient they were at controlling it, the stronger the strength they could release.
However, Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had directly skipped the first step. Therefore, when this sword intent was displayed, there was no need to control it. This was because this sword had already abandoned everything …
"This Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword is known as a Heavenly Venerate who can fight with a True God. In other words, if one wants to injure a True God, they can only do so by abandoning everything?" Luo Zheng muttered.
If Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword stood beside Luo Zhen and heard Luo Zheng say such words, he might feel gratified. A young man who had just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm was able to infer this idea by relying on this move. This was enough to make Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword have a whole new level of respect for him.
Luo Zheng had already been baptized by Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword's sword intent. Facing this thick sword cloud, his comprehension speed was much faster than other martial artists.
Changsu Island was in complete silence …
During this period of time when the sword cloud was floating, no one was willing to waste even a breath of time.
Two hours …
Twenty hours …
Two days …
Three days passed, and the sword clouds gradually thinned, revealing a light purple sky. This was the magnificent color of the Orange Sea Realm's blue sky reflected by the sea water.
It wasn't until the sword cloud had completely dissipated that some of the cultivators revealed an expression of longing for more.
Any martial artist who carefully comprehended under this sword cloud would gain a lot!
"Sigh, it's a pity that I'm not a sword cultivator. Just by sensing this Sword Intent, I feel like I've gained a lot. You sword cultivators are really lucky this time!" A warrior sighed.
As for the other warrior, he still stood there quietly with a longsword in his hand. His mind was still unable to calm down. Just as that warrior had said, his own comprehension was indeed quite deep!
"Ten percent. I have only comprehended ten percent of the Yi Shen Sword. However, even if it is only ten percent, it will be of great benefit to my swordsmanship!" The warrior said with a smile.
The amount of comprehension depended on one's perception, as well as the depth of one's understanding of swordsmanship and Sword Intent. The deeper one's understanding, the more one would naturally comprehend!
The Palace Masters all revealed faint smiles. Their cultivation was far stronger than the 13 Palaces' martial artists, so they had naturally gained a lot from encountering this sword cloud by chance.
"However, who was the one who created this sword cloud? Why were the words on the stone wall all destroyed? "a Palace Master asked in bewilderment.
One had to know that the words of Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had been left here for countless years. Countless sword cultivators had prostrated themselves here to comprehend the mysteries within. However, for millions of years, no one had been able to decipher the mysteries within. Why did the mysteries naturally reveal themselves during the Torch Flame Inheritance?
While many Palace Masters were puzzled, Yun Luo's gaze quietly fell on Luo Zheng. Before participating in the Torch Flame Inheritance, Luo Zheng had said that he seemed to have seen some white sword shadows. Then, he had been delayed for several hours before entering the Torch Flame Inheritance. Was this sword cloud because of Luo Zheng?
At this moment, the linen-clothed old man's gaze also fell on Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, before the Torch Flame Inheritance, were you meditating here?"
Originally, these Palace Masters had forgotten this small detail. After the Torch Flame Inheritance opened, many martial artists had passed through the Clear Growth Pool and begun meditating on the Law Stone Inscriptions. However, Luo Zheng had been late by several hours?
When the linen-clothed old man said this, Ai Anxin also remembered …
Seeing everyone looking at him suspiciously, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless expression. Although he had absorbed those white sword shadows, this sword cloud really had nothing to do with him!
While everyone was puzzled, the two ragged Divine Reaching Realm martial artists not too far away suddenly emitted two extremely powerful auras. Two swords appeared in their hands!
Although these two martial artists were at the Divine Reaching Realm, their talent was still considered average. They couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces. Therefore, the weapons in their hands were very ordinary. They were two third-grade swords. The weapons of the vast majority of martial artists in the Thirteen Palaces were far superior to these two.
They had stayed here for tens of thousands of years, especially the martial artist surnamed Chen. The long sword in his hand had experienced tens of thousands of years, and its blade was already covered in cracks.
Those who practiced the sword often cherished their swords …
After tens of thousands of years, even a Divine Artifact would inevitably show signs of rust. This martial artist surnamed Chen would polish his sword every once in a while, but as he did so, cracks began to appear on it. This was a broken sword that had already decayed!
But such a broken sword attracted everyone's attention. They could feel that this martial artist surnamed Chen's sword was emitting an extremely powerful aura!
Then, the martial artist surnamed Chen thrust his sword towards the boulder …
"Bright God's Single Sword!"
Everyone had been comprehending for a long time. This action and aura were incomparably familiar to them. Someone immediately shouted out.
"This old man … he comprehended at least 30% of Bright God's Single Sword!" A Palace Master shouted.
These Palace Masters relied on their own cultivation and talent to comprehend a lot, but most of them only comprehended 10% to 20%.
How could this Ultimate God Realm warrior comprehend thirty percent of it?
Some Palace Masters were unconvinced. This Divine Reaching Realm martial artist was far inferior to them in terms of talent and cultivation. How could he comprehend more spiritual objects than them?
They didn't consider that this old man surnamed Chen had been meditating here for sixty thousand years. He had thrown away sixty thousand years of his lifespan here. He had used his entire life to comprehend the hidden concepts within Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword's words!
After spending so many years comprehending, the martial artist surnamed Chen and the martial artist surnamed Xu had comprehended far more than those Palace Masters and even the Sunset Realm Master!
Sou –
A sharp sound burst out from the tip of the martial artist surnamed Chen's sword!
Although this sword only had 30% of the charm of Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword's sword, compared to the might of a Divine Reaching Realm martial artist, it was already formidable to a terrifying degree.
The boulder was directly pierced through by this sword, leaving behind only a finger-thin crack …
After a while, this boulder that was even larger than a mountain range suddenly collapsed. The entire boulder turned into palm-sized rubble that began to tumble and collapse around the boulder.
Seeing this, the martial artist surnamed Chen's eyes became moist. Tears flowed down his face …
In fact, after staying here for several thousand years, he already knew that there was no hope for him in this lifetime.
However, like the vast majority of martial artists who stayed behind to comprehend, even though they knew they were in despair, they could only despair to the end. This was because there was no turning back!
The vast majority of people didn't persist. A very small number of people were driven away because the Orange Sea Realm was requisitioned. In the end, only the martial artists surnamed Chen and Xu were left. The two of them begged to stay here.

Chapter 1091
When they first saw those sword clouds, they didn't believe that a miracle could really happen.
It wasn't that they didn't believe in miracles. In fact, they believed in miracles more than anyone else, which was why they had stayed here for tens of thousands of years. It could also be said that they were stupider than most people … but time had eroded their determination, making them unable to believe that a miracle was happening in front of them!
Even if they had comprehended 30% of the Graceful Soul Sword, it would be difficult for these two martial artists surnamed Chen and Xu to achieve much in the future.
After all, they had stayed here for too many years and wasted too much time. They had forgotten to cultivate their inner worlds, didn't consolidate their cultivation, and gave up too many things.
However, by relying on their own comprehension, these two were enough to become powerful characters in some tenth grade Holy Lands …
In fact, several years later, the slightly younger martial artist surnamed Xu would become an Elder of some large Sect, and the martial artist surnamed Chen would become a Sword Grandmaster. In the Holy Lands of several Great Worlds, he would preach and teach the younger generation of martial artists about his own comprehension of the Graceful Soul Sword.
Ai Anxin curled her lips. She tilted her head slightly and looked at Luo Zheng, asking, "How much have you comprehended?"
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng shook his head, "I haven't comprehended much …"
Ai Anxin said, "I should have comprehended about 15%. This Graceful Soul Sword is at odds with my state of mind, so comprehending it is a bit difficult for me …"
Her words sounded modest, but in fact, she was more or less proud. After all, besides a few Palace Masters, most people had only comprehended 10%, or even 5%. Ai Anxin was able to comprehend 15%. Amongst the younger generation of martial artists, she was likely the one who had comprehended the most.
Of course, this was on the premise that Luo Zheng was eliminated.
Luo Zheng had almost completely comprehended this sword!
Before this, Luo Zheng had swallowed those white sword shadows and tempered his own Sword Intent. This Graceful Soul Sword was almost tailor-made for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng might not be able to completely comprehend this Graceful Soul Sword. The most important thing was that several years ago, when Luo Zheng was still a Xiantian life form, he had already comprehended the Great Dao to its simplest form! The Graceful Soul Sword in front of them was extremely compatible with the Sword Intent that Luo Zheng had comprehended!
It was because of all these reasons added together that Luo Zheng was so proud of comprehending this sword. Only by combining it with the uncontrollable Sword Intent could he truly display this sword!
Although Luo Zheng had comprehended the Graceful Soul Sword, Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng't's power.
After all, a figure like Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had probably cultivated the Bright God Sword for millions of years. Furthermore, the gap between Luo Zheng's current cultivation and strength was simply indescribable. Although he could use this sword, it did not mean that he could use it perfectly.
Even so, Luo Zheng was satisfied. While traveling in the Upper Realm, the more trump cards Luo Zheng kept, the better …
.'t t......
...........................
After passing the Torch Flame Inheritance, the warriors began to choose to go out and train, or return to their families to deal with some important matters.
Ai Anxin still lived across from Luo Zheng, waiting for her brother to come back.
Her brother had defeated Luo Zheng and regained his freedom, but he couldn't go back to the Misty Cloud Palace with her. It would take some time for Ai Hu to cross worlds and find her in the Misty Cloud Palace.
During this time, she was naturally immersed in joy. It wouldn't be long before she could reunite with her brother.
As for Luo Zheng ….
The Torch Flame Inheritance had indeed brought Ai Anxin a strong sense of frustration.
But this guy had lost to her brother in the end. This was the only thing that Ai Anxin could comfort herself with.
During these days in Cloud Mist Palace, Luo Zheng had been constantly observing the movements in his Inner World. The flow of the Chaotic Qi was originally very slow, but now it was getting slower and slower. However, it still hadn't completely liquefied. He observed it several times every day, but couldn't see any signs of the Chaotic Qi turning into a sea.
In addition, Luo Zheng recalled the Sword of Graceful God in the sword cloud ….
To be honest, Luo Zheng really wanted to use it once. It was said that the warriors who came back from the Torch Flame Inheritance had experienced an astonishing increase in strength because they had comprehended the concept of the Sword of Graceful God!
The revelation of the Heavenly Venerate Graceful Sword's secret was rapidly spreading in the various Great Realms of the Alliance.
Some warriors who had persisted in front of the boulder for a long time later gave up and left the Orange Sea Realm. Some of these warriors left on their own accord, while others were driven away.
Now that they heard about this, they all cried bitterly. There were many warriors who persisted in front of the boulder, but only two of them really persevered until the end.
After learning this sword, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel an itch in his heart because he had nowhere to use it ….
On this day, after inquiring about the whereabouts of Cloud Mist Palace, he came to a large hall in the depths of Cloud Mist Palace.
There was also a dreamlike space here. This dreamlike space wasn't a place for warriors to fight, but a place for training.
Because it was late at night, there weren't any warriors using this dreamlike space ….
Luo Zheng quietly entered and saw a plaque hanging on the side of the hall. On the plaque were the words "Sword Testing Hall".
Although it was called the Sword Testing Hall, this place wasn't just used to test swords. It was also used to test sabers, spears, and fists.
With his previous experience, Luo Zheng quickly opened this dreamlike space. In the blink of an eye, the surrounding scenery changed. He stood in a boundless space, and in front of him, a massive mountain range appeared!
This was a mountain range whose peak couldn't be seen, whose bottom couldn't be seen ….
The entire mountain range flashed with a gold and silver light. It was unknown how large it was.
Luo Zheng had never seen such a massive mountain range before. This unimaginable existence could only exist in dreamlike spaces. After all, the things in this space were all created by divine runes. They weren't real existences.
And on this massive mountain range, there were all sorts of marks.
Sword marks, saber marks, arrow marks, spear marks, fist marks ….
It was hard to tell how many of them there were.
Generations of warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had come here to test their swords. These marks were accumulated over countless years.
"Looks like I came to the right place!"
Luo Zheng revealed a smile. He was originally itching to test his swords, but in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, he couldn't just randomly pick out a target to test his swords.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng pulled out the Thunder Wind Divine Sword. With a light flick of the sword, he pointed the tip of the sword at the massive mountain range!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura suddenly changed. His eyes bloomed with a sharp light, as if he could cut through mountains and chisel stones with just his gaze.
"Sword of the Bright Divine Sword, unable to accumulate power …."
"Raising the hand is the sword. Once the sword is unleashed, there is no turning back …."
"Without accumulating power, without hesitation …. Just like the Taishang Unruffled, this mentality is faintly tainted with a trace of divinity …."
Legend had it that only by unruffled could one become a True God. When the Bright Sword Heavenly Master unleashed this sword, he had also unruffled, but only for a moment.
Luo Zheng felt that he had grasped something wonderful, but this thing was like a slippery fish, quietly slipping away from his thoughts.
Luo Zheng, who was in front of him, only wanted to test his swords, so he didn't care too much. Many of the epiphanies of warriors were completed in an instant, but some epiphanies often bore fruit before they bloomed. Every warrior would experience this situation many times in their life. Even if the thought of slipping away was very important to them, they might still have a chance to appear again in the future.
Without any foreshadowing, without any hesitation, the Sword Essence, which had just flashed a faint light, burst out along with Luo Zheng's long sword ….
The constantly swallowing Sword Essence was still not under Luo Zheng's control, but Luo Zheng didn't need to control this Sword Essence anymore. He just followed his own comprehension and thrust his sword toward the boundless mountain range.

Chapter 1092
That day, Old Chen had comprehended 30% of the Yi Shen Sword. The power that erupted from it even shocked many Palace Masters.
The palace lords who were close to the sector lord level wouldn't be afraid of Old Chen's sword. However, Old Chen was an extreme god realm with no talent, yet he was able to explode with such power. The palace lords couldn't help but feel jealous.
Luo Zheng's sword was almost the complete version of God Yi's sword.
In terms of sword techniques, Luo Zheng didn't dare to call himself a master. After all, it was a sword technique created by an Empyrean level character. He didn't have the qualifications to comment too much.
However, based on his understanding of the Yi Shen Sword Empyrean, he was able to unleash 90% of the sword technique …
Of course, it wasn't 90% of the power. If it was 90% of the power, not to mention the Misty Cloud Palace, even the great world would be cut in two!
That faint sword intent shot out at an extremely fast speed. At first, it didn't seem that shocking. However, after this sword intent entered the boundless gold and silver mountain, it disappeared.
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, had a calm gaze. However, there was a hint of confusion in his eyes.
This sword, just from its power, didn't seem to be very powerful?
Or could it be that he hadn't completely comprehended the Yi Shen Sword?
He didn't expect this sword to be able to shake the heavens and earth. However, if it just entered the mountain and disappeared, it would be letting down Luo Zheng's expectations. After all, it was a legendary sword technique that could injure a true god …
His understanding of the Yi Shen Sword wasn't deep enough? Or could it be that this Yi Shen Sword needed to be emotionless to be unleashed?
Thinking about it, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure out the crux of the matter …
Perhaps, his state of mind hadn't reached that level yet!
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the state of Emotionless, it was only a technique of the state of mind.
As for the state of Emotionless, it required another state of mind. However, Luo Zheng hadn't found such a mental cultivation method …
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that he had underestimated the state of mind.
The Realm of Unruffled Emotions wasn't something that Luo Zheng could grasp at his current stage. Even if he reached the Sector Lord level, he would probably only be able to touch the threshold.
Why did Yun Luo sever her own soul and create a million clones?
Clones created through this method would have incomplete emotions. They would reincarnate into the mortal world with incomplete emotions, experience life and death, and see life. Then, these clones would be recalled to comprehend the memories within.
In this way, she could achieve the goal of "severing her emotions". This was related to the cultivation method that Yun Luo was going to cultivate in the future. In the eyes of others, Yun Luo might be a beautiful girl who had the backing of a Celestial Master. However, with the comprehension of severing her emotions, she would embark on a different path.
But how could it be so easy for Luo Zheng to comprehend the Realm of Indifference so easily?
However, Luo Zheng wasn't too disappointed. The power of Yi God's Sword was lower than what he had expected, but it didn't mean that it was useless. The most important thing was that this sword didn't need to be stored up, so it was quite powerful when used against enemies.
After exiting the Illusory Space, Luo Zheng faintly glanced at the three words "Sword Trial Hall" and quietly left.
However, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that the moment he left, the entire Illusory Space suddenly reverberated with a loud rumbling sound!
This gold and silver giant mountain was transformed from an eighth-grade divine rune. Then, it was fixed by 60,000 auxiliary divine runes. It was an imitation of the legendary Gold and Silver Demon Spring Mountain. Whether it was the height or width of this giant mountain, it was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
If Luo Zheng was placed at the foot of the mountain and allowed to climb up at his fastest speed, it would probably take him a year and a half to climb it. If he was placed at the foot of the mountain, he would probably be able to fill several large worlds …
It was also because the Illusory Space was boundless that it could use divine runes to create such an exaggerated giant mountain. Therefore, when Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space, he couldn't see the peak or the bottom of the mountain. It was also because it was unimaginably large.
The loud rumbling sound lasted for a few hours.
Luo Zheng entered the Illusory Space in the middle of the night, and the loud rumbling sound continued until the sun rose and the sky was just beginning to brighten.
The warriors of Misty Cloud Palace were quite diligent.
For any warrior, entering the Heavenly Palace was enough to be proud of among the younger generation.
However, after entering the Heavenly Palace, the warriors who gathered the geniuses of various large worlds found that their former pride was simply a fart.
Early in the morning, the warrior named Gao Han carried his maple leaf spear and entered the Sword Trial Hall. He used to be the absolute pride of his family. Ever since he stepped onto the path of martial arts, he was surrounded by envious gazes.
He had smoothly joined an eighth-rank holy land, but because of an unexpected competition, he had been chosen by another tenth-rank holy land. He had been 'kidnapped' to that tenth-rank holy land and had become the disciple of the holy land's lord. After that, his master had spent a lot of effort to send him to the Misty Cloud Palace.
Gao Han thought that with his talent, he was destined to call the wind and summon the rain in Misty Cloud Palace.
After arriving, he felt like he was directly kicked off a cliff. He used to be proud that he had a lotus flower and a lotus leaf, which was a symbol of transcending the Heavenly Dao. However, in the Misty Cloud Palace, there were many who had a lotus flower, and he was simply an insignificant existence. He didn't even meet the minimum requirements of the Torch Flame Inheritance …
However, geniuses weren't just arrogant. After adjusting his mentality, Gao Han forced himself to face the difficulties. He believed that one day, he would be able to reclaim the glory that originally belonged to him here.
After a long period of seclusion, Gao Han rushed to the Sword Trial Hall. He wanted to test his newly comprehended thirteenth move of the "Tyrant Blood Spear", "Tyrant Blood of the Heavens". The power of this move was extremely fierce and domineering, so the effect should be good …
But when Gao Han entered the Illusory Space, he heard a continuous rumbling sound in his ears.
"Thunder?" Gao Han was stunned. How could there be thunder in the Illusory Space?
This made Gao Han very puzzled …
But while he was puzzled, Gao Han suddenly found that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain, which was so huge that he couldn't see the top and bottom of it, seemed to be a little strange.
In the middle of the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain, there was a slender crack, and this crack extended from top to bottom, all the way to the limit of Gao Han's vision!
Seeing this scene, Gao Han's face revealed a look of surprise.
What was going on?
Was there someone testing the sword before? Since the rumbling sound was still echoing, the person who tested the sword should not have gone far. But when he came in, it was empty, and he didn't meet any other cultivators along the way …
Gao Han naturally didn't know that there was someone who tested the sword before, but the person who tested the sword had been gone for several hours.
Out of curiosity, he flew all the way down the crack, but after flying down for a long time, he still couldn't find the end of the crack. In the end, he could only choose to fly up. This time, it took twice as long to fly down, but he still couldn't see the end.
During this process, Gao Han's heart became more and more shocked. Who in the world caused this injury?
At their cultivation level, it wasn't difficult for them to destroy a mountain range with a wave of their hand. Gao Han could do it himself.
The problem was that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain in the dreamland wasn't an ordinary mountain. If Gao Han used his full strength, he could leave a mark of a hundred miles on the mountain. If he used his full strength, he could leave a mark of two or three hundred miles on the mountain.
In the Misty Cloud Palace, where geniuses came in large numbers, this wasn't even worth mentioning.
A year ago, he happened to meet Xue Muyang, the number one of the Swallow Cloud Hall. Although Xue Muyang was only at the ninth level of the Life and Death Realm, he left a mark of a thousand miles on the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain with a casual swing of his sword.
But today, he didn't know how many miles the mark was. What was going on?
Thinking of this, Gao Han left the Illusory Space and walked to a corner of the Sword Trial Hall. There was a tall curtain hanging in the corner of the Sword Trial Hall.
This screen recorded the attack that the Gold Silver Demonic Spring Mountain bore.
Gao Han didn't know the exact calculation method. It should be based on a martial artist who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm as a basis to measure the strength of other martial artists. Perhaps this method wasn't very accurate, but it could be used as a reference.
For example, a martial artist like Gao Han could achieve three times the result with a single attack. In other words, one attack of his was three times the strength of the basic martial artist who was used as a reference.
However, this kind of result couldn't make the list. He just wanted to see how many times the strength of the person who left that terrifying mark was.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1093
On the screen, there was a simple record of the rankings in the Sword Trial Hall.
If he remembered correctly, the previous record was set by Xue Muyang, thirty-two times!
Just from this point alone, Xue Muyang's strength should be more than ten times that of Gao Han. However, there were many variables in a cultivator's battle. Some cultivation methods were extremely powerful, but they might not be able to erupt with particularly powerful power.
Therefore, it was not certain that Xue Muyang was ten times stronger than Gao Han, but it was certain that Xue Muyang was much stronger than Gao Han.
When Gao Han's gaze landed on the screen, she was instantly stunned …
"Three hundred and seventy-nine … times, this …"
Gao Han was stunned for a long time, unable to speak.
Purely in terms of power, this person was more than a hundred times stronger than him. Even compared to Xue Muyang, the number one in the Swallow Cloud Hall, the difference was more than ten times!
This was impossible …
Someone who could explode with such power could not be a Divine Sea Realm warrior. He should be at least a Divine Realm warrior!
In an instant, Xue Muyang came to this conclusion.
However, the upper limit of the Thirteen Palaces' warriors was the Divine Sea Realm. The entire Misty Cloud Palace would not take in a Divine Realm warrior …
It should be the Deacon of the Misty Cloud Palace, right? Or maybe it was a higher-up, or even a Palace Master or Vice Palace Master?
The possibility was not high. The Sword Trial Hall was only a secret realm for sword testing. No one had ever seen a warrior from the Misty Cloud Palace make a move.
After all, if they made a move, the record on the screen would not be just a few hundred times, but tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of times. It could even be said that the dreamy space would not be able to withstand their damage.
As the sky grew brighter, more and more warriors came to the Sword Trial Hall. Many warriors would habitually check the rankings on the screen after entering the Sword Trial Hall.
For the warriors of the Misty Cloud Palace, this was also a kind of glory.
"Three hundred and seventy-nine times … Who made this result?"
"This multiplier, isn't it unbelievable?"
"Could it be Luo Zheng?"
Most of the warriors here were not qualified to enter the Torch Flame Inheritance, but some people still guessed that it was Luo Zheng.
After all, what happened in the Torch Flame Inheritance had spread throughout the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Even those who were not qualified to enter the Torch Flame Inheritance had heard about the story of Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin.
This time, the two of them stood out in the Thirteen Palaces. The other Twelve Palaces simply did not have anyone who could match them.
Hearing this inference, a warrior shook his head, "It's absolutely impossible. A warrior who can display such power can't be below the Extreme Divine Realm. I admit that Luo Zheng's strength in the Xin Huo inheritance is almost monstrous, but he can't do it either!"
That day, the news about the first place of the Sword Trial Hall had already spread throughout Misty Cloud Palace.
These martial artists were also speculating who had left behind such a terrifying result …
The most popular candidates were Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin. They were the most likely candidates in the Misty Cloud Palace.
However, on the second day, Ai Anxin entered the Sword Trial Hall under everyone's watchful eyes. After taking a look at the first place, she entered the Dream Space.
Ai Anxin had also comprehended the Sword of Yi God, but she had only comprehended 15% of it. However, with only 15% of comprehension, Ai Anxin's strength had improved considerably.
Compared to the other warriors in Misty Cloud Palace, Ai Anxin did not know how terrifying 379 times was. Regardless of the fact that this record had spread like wildfire, she was more than happy to break this record, regardless of whether it was Luo Zheng who had created this record.
After half an hour, Ai Anxin left the Dream Space. When she saw the result on the screen, her confident face suddenly turned ugly.
The ranking on the screen had changed again. However, the 379 times result was still firmly in the first place. However, the 32 times result created by the second place was moved down one row and replaced by Ai Anxin's result.
Just now, she had used all her strength to achieve a result of 82 times.
If it weren't for the fact that the result on the screen was firmly above her head, her result would have locked her in the first place for a long time.
"Looks like it's not Ai Anxin …"
"Then it can only be Luo Zheng?"
"I still can't believe it. Maybe it's someone else!"
Hearing the discussions, Ai Anxin pouted slightly. Her face showed that she was not convinced. She turned around and entered the Dream Space again.
Not long after, another result that was ranked second appeared on the screen. Eighty-four times. This result pushed Ai Anxin's previous result to third place. As for Xue Muyang's previous result, it was ranked fourth.
Ai Anxin entered the Dream Space again. This time, it was only 81 times.
86 times …
85 times …
80 times …
Seeing Ai Anxin's actions, many warriors were speechless at this time.
This way of flooding the rankings was simply too much!
Previously, Xue Muyang's result had been at the top of the list for a long time. All the results after that were brushed off under the screen.
Now, Ai Anxin was constantly brushing off the list. She had directly pushed all the results out. Except for the first place result, all the other results were left by Ai Anxin!
A result of more than 80 times was unattainable for most warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. In the future, it would be almost impossible for other warriors to be on the list.
Many warriors were already extremely dissatisfied. However, thinking of Ai Anxin's monstrous strength, they could only grit their teeth and bear with it.
Ai Anxin brushed off the list again and again. When she exited the Dream Space for the last time, her face was pale. It seemed that she had used a secret method that exhausted her mind. This time, her result was only 96 times.
In the end, Ai Anxin could only choose to give up …
The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was abuzz with the news. However, Luo Zheng himself seemed to be uninvolved. He still maintained a very regular life.
Cultivating and observing the movement of the chaotic aura in his dantian.
The entire universe was as lively as ever. Occasionally, there would be creatures using the Roar Command to spread their voices throughout the universe.
In the past two days, there seemed to be a few more Celestial Masters fighting a war of words. In addition to the Celestial Masters of the Human Clan, there were also two or three Celestial Masters of the Demon Clan.
Luo Zheng naturally would not participate in the war of words between these Celestial Masters. However, after listening, Luo Zheng understood the reason for the war of words. It seemed to be because of a lost treasure. They were wrangling with each other …
After a period of time, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace once again welcomed two groups of guests. As a result, new topics spread throughout the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
"The Spring Fragrance Pavilion and the Lingyan Pavilion came together …"
"It seems that they are going to take Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin in!"
"Sigh, these two people's lives are extraordinarily good!"
Envy was envy. If they could achieve the same results as Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng, they would naturally be valued by the two pavilions.
After joining the Lingyan Pavilion, they would be given a Lingyan Token. With this token, they could travel freely in the big worlds of the Alliance. No one could stop them. Moreover, as long as they were in the territory of the Alliance, they could get a lot of help by showing the Lingyan Token.
It was not easy for many warriors to travel through the big worlds of the Upper World. Traveling across several big worlds often meant expensive expenses. The passage between big worlds and the cross-realm passage could almost consume the life savings of an ordinary warrior. Luo Zheng still had many things to do. Since this token could solve so many problems, Luo Zheng naturally would not refuse.
After a period of time, Ai Hu, who had fought with Luo Zheng in the Torch Inheritance, finally arrived at the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After he regained his freedom, he did not stop and went straight to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
It was also because the distance between the Great Worlds was unimaginably long that it took him almost two months to cross the Great Worlds to come here.
After reuniting with Ai Anxin and his sister, Ai Hu asked his sister if Luo Zheng was still in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Ai Anxin was curious why her brother was so concerned about Luo Zheng's whereabouts.
In her opinion, Luo Zheng was just her brother's defeated opponent.
However, Ai Hu only told her that she was only able to regain her freedom because Luo Zheng had shown mercy.
After hearing this, Ai Anxin was stunned. At this time, she recalled Luo Zheng's faint smile and understood a little. In her heart, she was completely convinced by Luo Zheng. Whether it was talent or strength, that guy really surpassed her in all aspects.

Chapter 1094
Ai Hu's visit surprised Luo Zheng.
The reason why he lost was because he felt that Ai Anxin's experience was similar to his.
However, the problem Luo Zheng was facing was even more troublesome. So far, he hadn't even seen Luo Yan's shadow. Even if he used the Roar Command, it didn't have any effect in the entire universe.
Ai Hu was also a forthright person. After visiting, his burly body bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
Perhaps for Luo Zheng, it was an insignificant matter. However, for Ai Hu, the meaning of gaining freedom was extraordinary.
Back then, he offended the son of the Heavenly Sovereign and was sent to the Evil World. It was equivalent to cutting off his future. A lifespan of eight hundred years was too short for a cultivator. Now that he could gain freedom, it was an extremely fortunate thing for him.
Ai Anxin sat quietly to the side. Her mood was naturally very complicated.
From the moment she stepped into the Misty Cloud Palace, she regarded Luo Zheng as her opponent. She had provoked Luo Zheng time and time again, but this man didn't care. Instead, he helped her brother gain freedom.
"I came this time to reunite with Anxin. I also have an important matter to invite you!" Ai Hu said with cupped hands.
"Important matter?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise. He originally thought that Ai Hu came to visit just to express his gratitude.
Ai Hu's eyes slightly flashed, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face. He stretched out his hand and took out a light yellow divine inscription. After pouring his True Yuan into it, an invisible barrier spread out and enveloped the three of them.
Seeing Ai Hu so cautious, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of curiosity. What was so important that he needed to be so cautious?
Then Ai Hu cupped his hands and said, "If this matter was in the past, even if Ai Hu lost his life, he wouldn't easily reveal it. However, my benefactor is an exception."
"Please speak." Hearing this, Luo Zheng's curiosity grew even stronger.
Then he listened to Ai Hu's tireless explanation …
After Ai Hu was sent to the Evil World, he was in a very dangerous situation.
The Evil World was originally a very prosperous Great World, and it was one of the more established Great Worlds in the universe.
However, after hundreds of millions of years of development, the resources in the Wicked World were in a barren state. Some of the sects in the Wicked World had also moved away from this place. In the end, the entire Great World became a land of exile. Some of the martial artists who had committed crimes were banished to the Wicked World.
The entire Evil World was in extreme chaos. After all, most of the cultivators who were banished there were evil. There were no rules there. It was common for cultivators to kill each other in order to survive.
When he had just entered the Evil World, Ai Hu himself had also suffered a lot and had even almost lost his life inside.
It had to be said that Ai Hu's luck was not bad. While being chased again, he accidentally stumbled into a cave mansion and found clues to the secret treasures of the Yin Sifting World.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious look. "A secret treasure of the Gathering Yin World?"
"Yes!" Ai Hu's eyes revealed a glimmer of light. "So I want to invite my benefactor to explore it together!"
Faced with Ai Hu's invitation, Luo Zheng showed a hesitant look on his face. He didn't know what this artifact was, but seeing Ai Hu so nervous, it was clear this artifact was no trivial matter, so he couldn't make up his mind for a while.
At this moment, Xun's voice sounded. "Luo Zheng, agree to him."
"En? Why … "
"Agree to him first."
Since Xun said so, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. Xun rarely gave him advice, but since she had spoken, she must have her reasons.
There were not many people who could obtain Luo Zheng's complete trust, and Xun was naturally one of them.
Ai Hu naturally did not know what Luo Zheng was thinking. In Ai Hu's understanding, the secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World was of great importance. If it was revealed to anyone, even the Realm Lord would not have a reason to refuse.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not know much about the Upper Realm. When he heard about the secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World, he did not seem to be moved. Instead, because of Xun's words, he agreed to this matter.
Then, Ai Hu handed a map that he had drawn in advance to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he told Luo Zheng, "After half a year, we will meet in the Yin Sifting World at the location marked on the map."
Luo Zheng took the map and looked at it for a while before asking, "But where is this Yin Sifting World?"
Hearing this question that involved common sense, Ai Hu was slightly stunned. How could there be a warrior who did not know where the Yin Sifting World was? This was a little …
Ai Anxin, who was beside him, laughed out loud. "Brother, Luo Zheng is an ascender, and he ascended not long ago …"
However, after learning the location of the Yin Sifting World, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He did not expect that the Yin Sifting World was actually adjacent to the World of Spirits, which was the great realm that Luo Zheng ascended from.
The World of Spirits was originally the border of the Three Thousand Great Realms of the Alliance, and the other side of the Yin Sifting World was no longer the territory of the Alliance.
With such a long distance, even if they continuously traveled across realms, it would probably take several months. Only now did Luo Zheng understand why Ai Hu suggested that they meet in the Yin Sifting World after half a year.
Since he had already agreed to it, Luo Zheng would not change his mind.
After Ai Hu and Ai Anxin left, Luo Zheng asked Xun, "Xun, what is this secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World? Why did you ask me to agree? "
At this time, the Sword Spirit gradually condensed in front of Luo Zheng. She smiled and replied, "This secret treasure of the Yin Sifting World … is an old story that has been covered in dust for hundreds of thousands of years. However, as the person involved, I happen to know some of its secrets, and some of them are quite important to you."
"I don't know if this cultivator called Ai Hu really knows how to open the secret treasure, but it's completely worth a try."
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng nodded silently.
He could not always stay in the Misty Cloud Palace to cultivate, not to mention that he promised Xun that he would help her return to the throne …
Half a year was too short for cultivators of the Upper Realms. Traveling through great realms basically took months. After some simple preparations, Luo Zheng bid farewell to Yun Luo. Yun Luo was not surprised by Luo Zheng's departure. Even the cultivators of the Thirteen Palaces would seek opportunities to go out and gain experience, not to mention that she had promised Luo Zheng that she would not restrict him too much.
Therefore, not long after, Luo Zheng quietly left the Misty Cloud Palace and entered the great realm passage.

Chapter 1095
Luo Zheng left on a Heavenly Luan Horse.
This Mythological Beast was a rare item even in the Upper Realm. Naturally, it was given to Luo Zheng by Yun Luo.
After Luo Zheng left, Yun Luo turned around and returned to the depths of her hall.
There was an obscure and complicated divine pattern engraved on a flight of stairs in the depths of the hall. After Yun Luo walked up the stairs and activated the divine pattern, a black figure gradually emerged.
"Father," Yun Luo called out faintly.
Yun Luo's father was one of the three Celestial Venerables in charge of the Alliance, Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox!
A Celestial Venerate was a supreme existence in the universe. Even Yun Luo would not disturb her father unless she had something important to do.
Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox looked indifferent. Even though he was talking to his daughter, there was no emotion in his voice. "That boy … left?"
Yun Luo nodded.
"I will do my best to help you with this earth-shattering plan of yours. However, there are no secrets under heaven. If you can think of it, so can they," Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox said.
However, Yun Luo smiled sweetly. "Of course, I know about this. Although not many people know about the Fateless, there are still quite a few. But even if they can think of it, so what? The fate of the Fateless cannot be predicted or figured out. This is a path that no one can predict. I'm just giving Luo Zheng a little push behind his back … Who can say for sure what will happen in the future? "
"That's right. This is the most difficult thing for schemers in the past to jump out of. Yun Luo, you're not very scheming, but you've done well this time," Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox said faintly.
"Thank you for your praise, Father." Yun Luo smiled sweetly.
"However, you must pay attention to this. Luo Zheng's heaven defying Karmic Luck is extremely rare, but the things he carries on his back are no small matter. For example, it's extremely difficult for him to help the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter reclaim his throne. It would be a pity if he were to perish just like that …."
"Yes, I understand!"
Father had always been a man of few words. Empyrean powerhouses were at the stage of severing their emotions, vainly attempting to comprehend a trace of divinity beneath the Heavenly Dao!
It was also because Yun Luo had severed his emotions that her father had not shown any emotion since she was born. Today, her father was still as cold as ever, but to be able to say so much to her and even show a trace of concern, Yun Luo was very happy.
Ever since he reported the news about Luo Zheng to his father, he had attracted the attention of Celestial Venerable Cloud Fox. His father was also very interested in Luo Zheng. This was the first time she had received her father's praise since she embarked on the path of martial arts …
Riding on a divine beast and traveling through the great realm passageways was quite eye-catching.
Countless warriors were hurrying along in the spacious world passageway. Every time they saw Luo Zheng's Heavenly Luan Horse, their faces would reveal a trace of envy. At the same time, they would silently speculate about Luo Zheng's identity.
A martial artist who was qualified to ride a Heavenly Luan Horse was not an ordinary person.
Along the way, Luo Zheng had a preliminary plan for his next step.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, helping Xun regain the throne was not something he could do alone.
Fortunately, Xun was not an isolated existence in the Upper World. Celestial Venerable Divine Arrow, for example, had stood firmly behind her. In addition to Celestial Venerable Divine Arrow, there were also some old subordinates who were hiding, waiting for their king to return.
In addition, Xun had hidden a large number of resources. Her current goal was to use these resources to help Luo Zheng rapidly improve his strength!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation would improve very slowly, and the resources he would consume would be a hundred times, or even a thousand times more than before!
This was not a matter of talent.
In the world of warriors, below the Divine Sea Realm, one could only cultivate one's foundation, which was not suitable to be accelerated by various kinds of elixirs and resources. Otherwise, the foundation would be unstable.
Therefore, whether it was Luo Zheng or other super geniuses, they all relied on their own talent to make breakthroughs in their cultivation, instead of accumulating resources.
However, after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the improvement of a martial artist's cultivation was related to the Inner World!
From opening the Spirit Sea, expanding the Inner World, guiding the Divine Thunder into the body, cultivating a small world in the Spirit Sea …
This was not a problem that could be solved by talent.
In fact, this point began to manifest at the end of the Life and Death Realm. For example, if an ordinary martial artist did not have the Ten Direction Calamity Inducing Elixir, it was almost impossible to attract the tenth minor tribulation. Therefore, elixirs of that level were very precious in many Holy Lands. Even the martial artists of the 13 Heavenly Palaces could only rely on their own strength to fight for them in the inheritance of the Eternal Flame.
A world that competed with resources was even crueler for martial artists. This was also one of the reasons why it was difficult for ascenders to succeed. Although talent was important here, resources were also more and more important. Therefore, when Celestial Venerable Fantasy Sea ascended to the Celestial Venerable position, it was considered a miracle for ascenders!
Xun also knew some of the secrets of the Gathering Yin World's secret treasures. It could even be said that the origin of the Yin World's secret treasures was closely related to Xun. Therefore, when Luo Zheng was hesitant and vigilant, Xun immediately made Luo Zheng agree. This secret treasure was the first batch of resources she gave to Luo Zheng …
If Luo Zheng simply flew at his own speed, it would probably take him dozens of years or even longer to cross the realms.
However, this Luan Horse was originally a rare creature in the world. At such a high speed, it had already arrived at the edge of the realm occupied by the Alliance in a month …
"Zi Yi Realm …"
"Vast Realm …"
"Star Rain Realm …"
"Psychic Realm."
After crossing the Psychic Realm, it was the Gathering Yin World.
He did not expect that after traveling through so many realms in the Upper Realm, he would circle back to the Psychic Realm.
In the universe, many martial artists, even Divine Sea Realm martial artists, were not qualified to travel through a realm in their lifetime. However, Luo Zheng had traveled through more than a thousand realms and then circled back …
However, he still had to thank Yun Luo for this.
For a martial artist, the greatest difficulty in crossing realms lay in time and money. Crossing a great boundary could exhaust a martial artist's life savings, and the time it would take was calculated in decades. For an ordinary martial artist, this kind of consumption was simply unbearable.
However, Luo Zheng had the Lingyan Jade Token and the Luan Horse, so naturally, he was unimpeded.
As for Ai Hu, he promised to meet in the Gathering Yin World in half a year and to rush to the Gathering Yin World within half a year. He was also a very resourceful person.
Luo Zheng did not intend to stay in the Psychic Realm. This was just a place for him to ascend.
However, when he was flying in the cross-realm passageway, a voice suddenly sounded in his ears. "Luo Zheng, where are you? Can you help me …"
Hearing that voice, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. It was actually Mu Mingxue's voice …
Before leaving the lode, Mu Mingxue and Luo Zheng had exchanged voice-transmitting talismans.
Thinking about it later, it was indeed a very funny thing …
The universe was too big. It was just a realm, but its vastness was far beyond their imagination. The voice-transmitting talismans used in the Lower Realm could reach up to twenty to thirty thousand miles. The quality of the voice-transmitting talisman that Mu Mingxue exchanged with Luo Zheng was even higher, reaching up to sixty thousand miles.
In the Great Thousand World, sixty thousand miles was enough to cover a continent, and it could even transmit sound between two continents.
However, in the Upper Realm, this distance could only be regarded as a joke. When Luo Zheng was in the One Thought Seal Tower of the Torch Flame Inheritance, he had rushed over thirty thousand miles against the storm of laws …
Since the voice-transmitting talisman rang in his ear, it meant that the distance between him and Mu Mingxue was within sixty thousand miles. In the Upper Realm, this distance was almost equivalent to the distance between his home and the market.
He was not familiar with Mu Mingxue. In order to leave the lode, the two of them had a relationship of using each other. She was able to leave the lode one day earlier because of Luo Zheng. What happened later proved that even if Luo Zheng did not mine, someone would naturally take him away.
Mu Mingxue had burned a voice-transmitting talisman. It seemed that there was trouble?
He did not know when she had burned the talisman. Perhaps it had been several months, and the talisman had been echoing here.
At that time, she had said that one of her uncles was the City Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Presumably, her fate should be better than that of ordinary ascenders.
There was a slight hesitation on Luo Zheng's face, but he still gently patted the neck of the Heavenly Phoenix Horse. According to Professor Yun Luo's method, the Heavenly Phoenix Horse stopped, turned around, and left the Upper Realm passageway.
(There are still two updates today, and it will return to normal tomorrow. There are many things to do these two days, plus the plot transition, so I have to think about many problems. Thank you for your support! It's wrong to slack off. As a newcomer, you can't slack off!)
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1096
Riding the Heavenly Luan Horse greatly increased Luo Zheng's speed.
The agreement with Ai Hu was half a year later, and Luo Zheng had only spent a month, so Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
Mu Mingxue was his acquaintance, and she had helped him a lot when he collected Zhen Yuanyu from the mine.
He wondered what kind of trouble she had encountered.
As they were leaving the cross-realm passageway, the soldiers guarding the passageway glanced at Luo Zheng's horse with a respectful look on their faces.
Using the cross-realm passage required a lot of True Origin Stones. Luo Zheng had planned to take out the Lingyan Jade Token, but he didn't expect that the guards would let him go without saying anything.
These guards were not stupid. A person who could ride a divine beast was not someone they could afford to offend. If the guy on the Heavenly Luan Horse had a bad temper, it would be a big problem for them. Therefore, no one dared to stop Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng left the Great Realm Passageway and entered the ordinary Teleportation Passageway, the armored soldiers looked at Luo Zheng's back and discussed in low voices.
"A Heavenly Luan Horse. Wow, it's very rare in our Border Great World."
"Hehe, even our Spirit Martial Holy Land's Saint Lord doesn't have the ability to get such a horse. I wonder who this person is?"
"Could he be the son of a Realm Lord? Most likely! But this person doesn't seem to have any evil aura, and he looks very amiable. "
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng had ascended from here half a year ago. At that time, he was still an ascender from the lower dimensions, and he was even imprisoned in a mine by the Spirit Martial Holy Land. He had to dig out over a hundred True Origin Stones before he could regain his freedom …
After leaving the passage, Luo Zheng returned to the Spirit Martial Holy Land's territory.
Although the Spirit Martial Holy Land only occupied ten to twenty percent of the Spiritual World, it was still very large.
Outside the Transfer Passage was a large city. After he leaped down from the Heavenly Luan Horse, he sized up the surrounding environment. Trying to find a person in a city in the Higher Realm was undoubtedly like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Fortunately, he had exchanged voice transmission talismans with Mu Mingxue. However, the voice transmission talisman he gave to Mu Mingxue was only 20,000 miles away.
Without hesitation, he ignited the voice transmission talisman. "I've received your message. Mu Mingxue, where are you?"
There was no response from the other side …
"Is the distance not enough?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again mounted the Heavenly Luan Horse. He patted the horse's neck and once again soared into the sky. This time, he was above the Lingwu Holy Land, where Ao Xiang was.
He tried to circle within a range of hundreds of thousands of kilometers, constantly changing his position and burning his voice transmission talisman several times …
On the sixth burn, Luo Zheng finally got a response!
Mu Mingxue's voice once again sounded in Luo Zheng's ears.
"Luo Zheng! You left the mine? "Mu Mingxue's voice carried a hint of surprise.
In fact, Mu Mingxue sent a voice transmission talisman to Luo Zheng out of helplessness. At that time, when Luo Zheng had accumulated 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he did not choose to leave. Instead, he continued to stay in the mine to mine. Mu Mingxue wanted to seek refuge with her biological uncle. Naturally, she had no intention of staying in the mine to accumulate Zhen Yuanyu.
However, the mine was more than 60,000 miles away from Mu Mingxue. She did not expect Luo Zheng to receive her message!
She did not know that Luo Zheng had crossed more than 1,000 big worlds … It was a distance that she could not imagine. Many warriors in the Spirit Sea Realm would not be able to cross such a long distance in their lifetime!
Coincidentally, Luo Zheng's destination this time was the Yin Luo World. He traveled along the big world passage and unexpectedly received the message from her voice transmission talisman.
Since Luo Zheng had received Mu Mingxue's response, he could conclude that Mu Mingxue was less than 20,000 miles away from him. Within this 20,000 miles, there was only one big city called "Huatian City". Luo Zheng turned his horse around and went straight to Huatian City.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, it was a big city, but that was only relative to the big cities in the Central Domain.
In fact, there were 36,000 cities like Huatian City in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Hall Master Shen and Hall Master He, who had taken Luo Zheng away from the mine, were in charge of thousands of cities like this …
After arriving at Huatian City, Luo Zheng rode the Heavenly Luan Horse and slowly descended. There was a no-fly restriction in Huatian City, so it was not suitable for him to ride the Heavenly Luan Horse directly into the city.
After landing on the ground, Luo Zheng took out his Spirit Beast Pouch and wanted to put the Heavenly Luan Horse into it …
The space in the Spirit Beast Pouch was not small, but what Luo Zheng did not expect was that the Heavenly Luan Horse seemed to be very resistant to the Spirit Beast Pouch. It raised its hooves and kept retreating. It was very resistant to being put into the Spirit Beast Pouch by Luo Zheng.
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. The Heavenly Luan Horse had been very docile and obedient along the way. Why would it resist the Spirit Beast Pouch?
"Is it because of the Ancestor Dragon?" Xun's voice floated over.
After all, the Ancestor Dragon was a very special existence. Although it was very close to Luo Zheng, one could not ignore this little guy's momentum. Even though the Heavenly Luan Horse was also a divine beast, it was still instinctively afraid of the Ancestor Dragon. Understanding this, Luo Zheng could only choose to give up. He could not force this guy into the Spirit Beast Pouch, so he could only lead the Heavenly Luan Horse into the city.
Along the way, Mu Mingxue's voice was still constantly transmitted.
Although Mu Mingxue told Luo Zheng that she had encountered some trouble, she was very hesitant and did not want to explain clearly.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only follow the direction that Mu Mingxue pointed out. Not long after, he saw a residence with a good environment. However, there were four Divine Sea Realm warriors guarding around this residence. Luo Zheng could feel that there were even several divine runes arranged around this residence. There was a faint power coming from that residence.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng understood almost instantly. Mu Mingxue was locked up here?
"What are you doing?" One of the warriors saw Luo Zheng approaching and scolded loudly.
These warriors' eyesight was not as good as that of the armored warriors in the passageway. Although they could feel that the Heavenly Luan Horse behind Luo Zheng was not an ordinary horse, the armored warriors guarding the passageway had a clear understanding of the vehicles used by the warriors coming and going every day. Therefore, they recognized the origin of the Heavenly Luan Horse.
These cultivators were guarding this place under the orders of the City Lord. With the City Lord's orders here, no matter who approached, they would naturally be reprimanded.
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng slightly frowned and said, "I'm looking for Mu Mingxue."
The warriors looked at each other. Mu Mingxue was just an ascender from the Mortal World. Moreover, it had not been long since she ascended. How did this guy know her?
"There is no such person here. Leave quickly," the warrior said impatiently.
Luo Zheng pointed to the residence and said, "She is inside. She just sent me a True Essence Sound Transmission."
After their lies were exposed by Luo Zheng, the faces of the warriors became increasingly gloomy and cold. "Boy, there are some things that you should not meddle in. Otherwise, you will inevitably get yourself into trouble!"
Hearing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth gently raised, revealing a smile. "I wonder how I can get myself into trouble?"
"The woman inside is a woman chosen by the City Lord of Hua Tian City. She is to be offered to the big shots of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. However, this woman seems to be somewhat disobedient, so she has been imprisoned here! Boy, did you hear that? Is the City Lord someone you can afford to offend? "Another warrior slanted his eyes and said arrogantly.
It was probably because Luo Zheng was leading the Heavenly Luan Horse. In addition, although Luo Zheng had just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm, his aura was extraordinary. Although the warriors could not recognize the Heavenly Luan Horse, they were not completely blind. Therefore, they gave Luo Zheng such an explanation.
If not for this, if it were another martial artist, the four of them would have already made a move!
"I see..."
Luo Zheng gently nodded. No wonder this Mu Mingxue asked for his help, but from the beginning to the end, she was so secretive. It seemed that it was not easy to ask.
Wasn't the City Lord of Hua Tian City Mu Mingxue's uncle? Why did his own niece have to be offered to someone else after she ascended?
"Boy, it's good that you know. Leave quickly. If you are late, I'm afraid you won't be able to leave!" Seeing Luo Zheng's thoughtful expression, the warrior thought that his words had worked, and a trace of pride appeared on his face.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue's figure appeared in the residence. After ascending, Mu Mingxue's cultivation did not seem to have made any progress. Instead, there was a trace of fatigue on her face.
"Luo Zheng... you've already broken through to the Divine Sea Realm?" After Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng, her eyes flashed a trace of a bitter smile.
In fact, Mu Mingxue did not have any expectations for Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng's performance in the mine was extraordinary, his strength was nothing in the Upper Realm.
However, after crossing countless distances and ascending to the Upper Realm to seek refuge with her uncle, she was finally offered by her uncle and became a cultivation vessel for a big shot. She had finally ascended to the Upper Realm. How could she be willing to become someone's cultivation vessel?
However, with her cultivation at the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, she did not have the strength to go against her uncle!
In the end, she was imprisoned here, unable to go out...
What was more abominable was that the divine patterns in this residence even isolated the Yuan Qi of the world from the outside world. She could not even cultivate!
Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue's heart was filled with regret. If she had known, she would have continued to mine with Luo Zheng in the mine. After accumulating 200 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, she would have been able to exchange them for the identity of an independent warrior. Although she did not have her uncle to rely on, at least she would be able to fly freely in this big world. She would not be imprisoned here and become a cultivation vessel for a big shot...
Therefore, when she saw Luo Zheng, her heart was filled with misery.
She never thought that the two of them would be in such a different situation.
She used the Sound Transmitting Talisman to ask for help from Luo Zheng because she had no other choice. In fact, she also knew that with Luo Zheng's strength, it was impossible for him to take her away.
Her uncle was the City Lord of Huatian City and his cultivation was at the late stage of the Divine Realm. Moreover, they were in the Lingwu Holy Place. Luo Zheng was just an insignificant ascender.
After seeing Mu Mingxue, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "No wonder you wanted to ask me for help. I didn't expect that you would be imprisoned by your own uncle..."
"Don't talk about it. I used the Sound Transmitting Talisman because I had no other choice. You should leave." Mu Mingxue shook her head again. After seeing Luo Zheng, she calmed down and accepted her fate. This path was her own choice. Luo Zheng was not her relative. In the mine, the two of them were simply cooperating.
Moreover, even if Luo Zheng really wanted to save her, she was afraid that he would not have the strength to do so...
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out to Mu Mingxue and said, "Come with me. It's okay."

Chapter 1097
No one dared to cause trouble here.
Hua Tian City was just an insignificant city in the Upper World, but it was backed by the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
Therefore, not to mention Luo Zheng, who was only at the Divine Sea Realm, even Ultimate God Realm warriors, or those who were even stronger than Ultimate God Realm warriors, didn't dare to cause trouble here!
Because offending Hua Tian City meant offending the 36 Palaces, and offending the 36 Palaces meant offending the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, whose Holy Lord was as strong as a Realm Lord.
These warriors showed some mercy to Luo Zheng. Firstly, Luo Zheng's bearing was extraordinary. Secondly, the horse behind him was extraordinary. Presumably, this person in front of them had some background.
But now, Luo Zheng ignored their warning and dared to take Mu Mingxue away. This was wishful thinking.
"What do I mean? Don't you understand? "Luo Zheng replied with a smile. Then, he said to Mu Mingxue again," Come with me. "
Mu Mingxue was also stunned. She was already very touched that Luo Zheng was willing to come and see her.
Although Luo Zheng's cultivation had broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, there was no way he could take her away. This was Hua Tian City!
"Luo Zheng, go. I, I can't leave …" Mu Mingxue shook her head. She regretted burning that Sound Transmitting Charm to Luo Zheng. She didn't have any hope in the first place, but Luo Zheng was the only person she knew after she ascended. She had no choice but to burn that Sound Transmitting Charm. In her heart, she knew very well that it was better than nothing.
It was very likely that Luo Zheng couldn't receive her burning Voice-transmitting Talisman. However, coincidentally, Luo Zheng received her request for help when he left the lode … But what was the use of that?
The four warriors had already moved and surrounded Luo Zheng from four directions. Their faces were very unfriendly. A cold light flashed in the hands of the warrior in the lead. It was a bright silver short sword, and on the short sword, there were rays of black light. "I gave you a chance just now. Now that you want to leave, I'm afraid it won't be so easy!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the warrior in the lead suddenly attacked Luo Zheng.
These warriors weren't easy to deal with. They had already overestimated Luo Zheng by being able to endure for so long. They thought that Luo Zheng didn't know what was good for him. Under such circumstances, he still wanted to take away Mu Mingxue. There was no other explanation other than seeking death!
They were, after all, four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm. Once they attacked, they were as fast as lightning. The warrior in the lead was very close to Luo Zheng. The short sword shot out from such a distance, carrying rays of black light, towards Luo Zheng. There was almost no room for him to dodge!
Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place. In their eyes, Luo Zheng's figure just swayed slightly and then returned to the same place. That short sword directly pierced through Luo Zheng's body, but didn't cause any harm to him.
He still had a smile on his face, but a faint killing intent had spread out in his eyes.
The four warriors instantly understood that this guy who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm couldn't be underestimated!
"Kill him!"
The four of them surrounded Luo Zheng from all directions, leaving no room for him to maneuver.
Seeing this, Mu Mingxue's face was full of despair. However, it was useless for her to regret now. With Mu Mingxue's insight, she naturally knew how excellent Luo Zheng was. When he was in the Life and Death Realm, his strength was comparable to a warrior who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm like her. In the future, he would definitely achieve something.
At the very least, he would be qualified to become a Castellan of the Lingwu Holy Place in the future. However, she burned a Transmitting Sound Amulet and got Luo Zheng into trouble …
However, she only saw Luo Zheng slightly raise his hand and a long sword appeared in his hand. That long sword only swayed slightly. Suddenly, several gray figures appeared around Luo Zheng!
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
As soon as those crisp sounds entered Mu Mingxue's ears, the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm flew out in four different directions. One of them even smashed into Mu Mingxue's residence!
The scene in front of her eyes happened in a flash. After a moment, the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were lying on the ground. It was unknown whether they were dead or alive.
Mu Mingxue's pupils suddenly widened. She stared at Luo Zheng who was not far away in a daze. That astonishment was frozen on her face.
Defeating four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm with one move?
Among the many ascenders, Mu Mingxue's strength could be considered above average. However, she didn't have the ability to fight against warriors from the Upper World. She didn't have the confidence to win against any of the four warriors of the Divine Sea Realm in front of her, not to mention that Luo Zheng fought against all four of them in an instant!
Luo Zheng's strength improved so much after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm?
She couldn't believe the scene in front of her eyes …
However, when she came back to her senses, her face became even uglier. "Luo Zheng, you're in big trouble. Hurry up and leave. This Huatian City is the territory of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. No matter how strong you are, you can't be their opponent …"
However, not only did Luo Zheng not listen to Mu Mingxue's words, the long sword in his hand flashed out a few rays of sword light. Then, the restrictions in front of the residence suddenly exploded, emitting black smoke.
These restrictions were enough to restrain warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, but they couldn't stop Luo Zheng at all. He didn't even want to waste time to break the divine patterns behind the restrictions. He completely relied on brute force to destroy these restrictions …
After breaking these restrictions, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Okay, let's leave this place together!
Mu Mingxue looked at Luo Zheng and then looked at the extraordinary horse behind Luo Zheng. Suddenly, a sense of trust rose in Luo Zheng …
The worst result for her to escape with Luo Zheng was that she would still be caught and become someone's cultivation vessel. However, if she escaped with Luo Zheng, she would have a chance to escape from the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Although this chance was very slim, it was still a chance in the end!
She had already fallen into despair. In her heart, the Huatian City was a colossus. It wasn't something that a small ascender like her could fight against. Not to mention, behind the Huatian City was the Spirit Martial Holy Land. An ascender like her was just like an ant in there!
But now, Mu Mingxue's desperate state of mind was like a drop of sweet dew. A trace of confidence quietly recovered. She no longer had any hesitation or worry.
Then, Luo Zheng pulled her onto the Heavenly Luan Horse. As Luo Zheng gently patted the horse's neck, the Heavenly Luan Horse's hooves gently stepped on the ground. As if riding on the clouds, the Heavenly Luan Horse shot directly into the sky!
The Heavenly Luan Horse's speed wasn't particularly fast at first, but it only took two or three breaths of time to rush into the sky. When it reached a height of three thousand feet, a huge net suddenly appeared in the sky, blocking in front of Luo Zheng!
That net was like a heavenly net, covering the entire sky of the Huatian City.
"It's the Forbidden Sky Restriction …" Mu Mingxue reminded.
Facing this Forbidden Sky Restriction, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He waved the long sword in his hand again. The sword light was like a rippling wave.
"Dang, dang, dang …"
When Luo Zheng's sword light hit the net, it exploded with a crisp sound. This slash actually didn't destroy the Forbidden Sky Restriction, which made Luo Zheng's face reveal a trace of surprise.
Due to this slight delay, a vigorous and powerful laughter was transmitted from afar.
"Hahaha, this is really unprecedented. Someone actually dares to cause trouble in my Huatian City!" Not far away, more than ten rays of light flew over. The person in the lead was wrapped in a blood-red ray of light. That person was wearing a blood-red robe, and his eyes were emitting a fiendish aura. It seemed that he had cultivated some kind of extremely powerful evil technique!
Seeing that person fly over, Mu Mingxue, who was behind Luo Zheng, suddenly changed her expression. "Uncle, uncle …"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's voice, Luo Zheng sized up the warrior in the lead. His expression was very calm. "Divine Realm expert … He's your uncle?"
Mu Mingxue nodded. "Yes, he's also the City Lord of Huatian City …"

Chapter 1098
The scarlet-robed martial artist was a knowledgeable person.
At first glance, he was a little confused. However, after he sensed the Divine Beast bloodline in the Heavenly Luan Horse, he was certain that the young man was riding was an extremely precious Heavenly Luan Horse!
When a martial artist traveled through the Great World, it was far from enough to rely on his physical body to travel through the air.
Even for a Divine Realm martial artist, it would take a long time to travel through a Great World using the Space Tunnel.
If one wanted to move from one great world to another, one had to have an extremely high level of comprehension and be able to comprehend the Space Diversion Technique. Otherwise, one would have to borrow some top-grade treasures to fly. Other than that, some divine beast mounts were also quite effective.
For example, the Blue Smoke Bird and the Heavenly Luan Horse in front of him!
However, capturing a Divine Beast was already an extremely difficult task. If one wanted to suppress and tame a Divine Beast, the difficulty would be even more exaggerated!
The young man in front of him was riding a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse …
The scarlet-robed martial artist knew very well what a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse meant. It was something that even the Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Saint Land would be interested in.
If he took the Heavenly Luan Horse, the scarlet-robed martial artist would not take it for himself. It was not something that a person of his level could possess. However, if he offered the Heavenly Luan Horse, he would obtain unimaginable benefits.
At this thought, the scarlet-robed martial artist's greed grew uncontrollably in his heart like black vines.
However, the scarlet-robed martial artist was not a fool. The Heavenly Luan Horse could not have been captured from the wild. Even if an ordinary martial artist had the ability to capture it, it would be impossible for him to tame it.
Since the young man in front of him had a tamed Heavenly Luan Horse, his background was probably not ordinary.
Because of this, the scarlet-robed martial artist did not choose to attack directly. Instead, his expression became polite. "Mingxue, as your uncle, I have treated you well. Why do you want to escape?"
Since she had chosen to escape with Luo Zheng, Mu Mingxue knew that there was no turning back. Her expression turned cold. "Uncle, after I ascended, I traveled thousands of miles to seek refuge with you. However, you want to use me as a Human Cauldron. How can Mu Mingxue be willing to be someone else's Human Cauldron?"
The blood-robed cultivator tried his best to show an amiable smile. "Mingxue, why do you say that? Uncle has been working hard in the Upper Realm. The Upper Realm is much crueler than you can imagine. Being a furnace may not be a bad thing … I wonder who this young hero behind you is? "
The crimson-robed martial artist was not interested in Mu Mingxue's thoughts. His main purpose of saying these words was to find out the identity of the young man behind Mu Mingxue.
Luo Zheng's mind was as clear as a mirror. How could he not know what this scarlet-robed martial artist was thinking?
He smiled faintly and said, "Mu Mingxue and I ascended at the same time, and it was fate that brought us together. Your uncle is too vicious, he won't even spare his own niece."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the blood robed martial artist's heart skipped a beat!
He was actually an ascender?
The crimson-robed martial artist was also an ascender. Over the years, he had relied on his own hard work to become a City Lord of one of the thirty-six thousand cities in the Lingwu Holy Place. He was also considered a person with real power.
However, in the entire Lingwu Holy Place, he was not considered a big shot, but this did not diminish his ambition!
Since he was an ascender, this matter would be easy to handle …
Originally, he was only afraid of the power behind Luo Zheng. Now that he no longer had any scruples, the smile on his face gradually disappeared.
"Hehe, boy, naturally, I, as her biological uncle, will handle my niece's matters. As an ascender, I also want to warn you, don't meddle in other people's business in the Upper Realm, because meddling in other people's business will often lead to a considerable price!"
"What price?" Luo Zheng pretended not to know and asked.
"Pay with your life." The crimson-robed martial artist shook his head and sighed softly. However, he turned his back and waved gently at his several followers.
This crimson-robed martial artist had the cultivation of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. In his eyes, Luo Zheng, a little guy who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, was not worthy of his attack. However, the six followers of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm who followed him rushed forward!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Just as the crimson-robed martial artist turned his back, he heard several muffled sounds coming from behind him. When he turned his head, he saw that his six followers were like kites with broken strings, smashing directly into Huatian City.
Luo Zheng still had a slightly ignorant smile on his face. He continued to ask the crimson-robed martial artist, "What price?"
Seeing this scene, the crimson-robed martial artist's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. With the cultivation of the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, he killed six warriors of the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm in an instant? The original faint smile suddenly froze on his face. The strength of the boy in front of him had completely exceeded his estimation.
With the cultivation of the early stage of the Divine Sea Realm, he had such strength?
At this time, his gaze once again fell on the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
After feeling the power of the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword, his eyes suddenly twitched! It was at least a Secondary First Grade Divine Weapon. No, it was very likely a First Grade Divine Weapon!
The crimson-robed martial artist had faintly sensed that Luo Zheng's identity was not ordinary. He had a Heavenly Luan Horse as his mount and a First Grade Divine Weapon in his hand! Even the core geniuses of the Lingwu Holy Place would not receive such treatment.
Was this guy really just an Ascender?
Mu Mingxue had just ascended not long ago. It was impossible for her to know any big shots. The possibility of this guy being an Ascender was very high. Moreover, he had just admitted it very frankly.
The question was, how could an ordinary Ascender have such strength? How could he have a First Grade Divine Weapon?
If the crimson-robed martial artist had calmed down and thought carefully, he might have stopped. The consequences of provoking someone he could not afford to provoke were obvious. He had lived for so many years. There was no reason for him not to understand this logic.
However, the sword in Luo Zheng's hand and the Heavenly Luan Horse behind him were constantly emitting a huge temptation.
Although the crimson-robed martial artist was the City Lord of Huatian City, any random treasure in Luo Zheng's hand was something that he could not obtain in his lifetime!
Killing people and seizing treasures were normal things in the world of martial artists. At this time, greed had already dominated his thoughts.
Sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse, Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed with a strange light. From the first day she met this guy, he seemed to be constantly giving her surprises! She could not see through this guy's strength at all! However, when she thought of her uncle's ultimate Divine Realm cultivation, the light in her eyes dimmed a little. No matter how powerful Luo Zheng was, he would not be able to defeat her uncle.
The crimson-robed martial artist sized up Luo Zheng a few times and only lightly praised, "Interesting … but it's still not enough …"
Then, from the crimson-robed martial artist's body, a violent Evil Qi spread out like a tide. In the entire Huatian City, the weak martial artists and countless mortals were all trembling under this pressure. Most of them did not even dare to raise their heads.
The Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm martial artists in Huatian City were quietly watching the battle in the sky from a corner.
"The City Lord of Huatian City actually personally took action …"
"His opponent seems to be a little guy who has just entered the Divine Sea Realm?"
"Don't underestimate that young man. He defeated six late-stage Divine Sea Realm martial artists in an instant. This guy can't be a core genius cultivated by some big Holy Land, right?"
A ball of fluctuating Blood Qi appeared in the crimson-robed martial artist's hand. The Blood Qi constantly curled up and gradually formed a blood-red spear!
The blood-red spear waved and pointed at Luo Zheng from afar. "You will soon know the price you will have to pay!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression also became serious. He did not speak again. This was the first time he faced an ultimate Divine Realm expert. The Thunder and Wind Divine Sword lightly flicked, and a bolt of lightning and a wind blade intertwined. At the same time, numerous Divine Shadows also surrounded the crimson-robed martial artist from different directions.
"Come on!"
The scarlet-robed martial artist roared, and the blood-red spear thrust out several times in an instant. Almost every spear thrust hit Luo Zheng's Serene Spirit Phantoms, shattering them in an instant!
Not only that, after breaking Luo Zheng's Divine Shadows, the crimson-robed martial artist's spear was like a dragon exploring the sea, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝

Chapter 1099
In the eyes of the scarlet-robed martial artist, Luo Zheng dared to attack him because he was overestimating himself. He was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot.
However, for Luo Zheng, this was a test of his own strength.
The strength of a Divine Realm expert had once again crossed a realm. In the lower realm, the strength of the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan was something that Luo Zheng could only look up to. However, the scarlet-robed martial artist in front of him was just a City Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. His strength should be on par with the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Seeing that his Nether God Shadow was instantly shattered, Luo Zheng's figure quickly retreated along the path of the Forbidden Sky Restriction.
"The strength of a Divine Realm expert is indeed more powerful than I imagined. This person is just a City Lord, so his talent shouldn't be that outstanding. However, the power of the blood spear is still beyond my expectations."
Luo Zheng kept thinking in his mind. Facing the sudden thrust of the blood red spear, Luo Zheng's long sword gently blocked. Numerous wind blades and lightning once again swept towards the scarlet-robed martial artist! However, the blood red spear was also very strange. In an instant, it transformed into numerous blood flowers, which blended with the Power of Law, and directly dissolved the wind blades and lightning.
"It's useless, kid. Among the Divine Sea Realm experts, your strength is indeed shocking. However, your understanding of the Power of Law is still very shallow … Hehe." After saying this, the scarlet-robed martial artist once again raised the blood red spear. In an instant, the Forbidden Sky Restriction of the entire Hua Tian City seemed to be linked with him in an instant!
The originally large black net, which was filled with Blood Qi, began to turn into a large dark red net. Under this large net, numerous hair-thin blood threads stretched out and constantly intertwined, forming a huge blood net cage, which trapped Luo Zheng and the scarlet-robed martial artist inside.
Mu Mingxue, who was sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse, was also very nervous. Just now, Luo Zheng was forced to retreat again and again. Now that Luo Zheng was bound, there was no way out!
"It's over … Since you ascended at the same time as Mu Mingxue, I don't know how you obtained the first-grade divine artifact and the Heavenly Luan Horse in just one year. But that's not important anymore because everything you have will be mine!"
In this cage, the greed on the scarlet-robed cultivator's face gradually became more intense, and he no longer concealed it.
Luo Zheng just glanced at the scarlet-robed martial artist and didn't say anything. Instead, he put the long sword in front of him. After his pupils shrank slightly, his temperament suddenly changed dramatically.
That little change was completed in an instant …
The whole process took less than a breath's time. Almost before the scarlet-robed cultivator could react, Luo Zheng's sword had already stabbed out.
At this moment, the scarlet-robed cultivator waved his long spear gently. Endless blood flowers bloomed on his body and piled up on Luo Zheng. In his view, the Power of Law that Luo Zheng had stimulated was not worth mentioning at all. As long as he kept melting it, he could easily dissolve it, and then he could take this boy's life with a single strike!
But what he never expected was that Luo Zheng's seemingly casual sword strike was very different from before!
He felt a power that he could not understand!
It was just a very ordinary sword strike!
Even the Power of Law was not stimulated, only a narrow and sharp sword intent.
But it was this seemingly ordinary sword strike that contained a sword momentum that made him feel confused.
At this moment, he felt as if Luo Zheng wasn't a living being, but a piece of stone, a piece of stone without any life force.
But how could a stone wield a sword?
How could he stab out such a terrifying sword strike?
The most important thing was that this guy did not have any accumulation of power at all. This sudden stab seemed like a casual stab, but it made the scarlet-robed cultivator feel an unstoppable power.
Yi Shen's Sword …
The legendary sword strike that could injure a True God. Although Luo Zheng's performance was not perfect, the sword momentum contained within was already terrifying enough.
The terrifying part of the Yi Shen's Sword was not only its invincible power, but more importantly, compared to other killer moves, this sword strike did not require any accumulation of power at all. As long as it was completely comprehended, it could be used at will. Under the stimulation of the sword intent, it could destroy the world with a raise of one's hand.
The scarlet-robed cultivator was not anxious from the beginning to the end. In his view, Luo Zheng had shown great strength, but under this prohibition, coupled with his Dark Blood Skill, this Luo Zheng could only be a plaything.
But this reversal only happened in an instant!
Just as he was about to torture Luo Zheng bit by bit and let this kid understand the price he had to pay, this guy suddenly stabbed out with his sword.
When the confusion in his heart disappeared, he found that he had been completely penetrated by Luo Zheng's sword. Then, his entire body turned into pieces and began to rapidly dissipate.
The first to dissipate was his torso, and the last to dissipate was his head …
Even before his head was completely shattered, Luo Zheng's eyes were still indifferent as he asked, "Tell me, what price do I have to pay?"
The scarlet-robed cultivator's head unwillingly glared at Luo Zheng, and then began to break into pieces, slowly dissipating between heaven and earth …
"How could there be such a monstrous existence … One sword strike, and my main body was destroyed! Ah ah ah! "
At the same time, in the depths of the City Lord's Mansion of Huatian City, in a secret room filled with the smell of blood, a ball of blood essence floated in the air and transformed into a human figure, roaring towards the sky! This scarlet-robed cultivator cultivated the "Dark Blood Art", which could create the Blood Soul Body!
In the future, he could use this Blood Soul Body to condense a second body that was exactly the same as his own.
However, his main body had already fallen before he could complete his Blood Soul Body. This was a huge blow to him!
The blood man formed by the blood essence roared crazily. Suddenly, he seemed to have discovered something, and a surprised expression appeared on his bloody face. "Palace Lord! The Palace Lord seems to be flying towards my Huatian City. I will inform him of this news. After all, there is still a chance! "
His main body was accidentally killed. For the City Lord of Huatian City, it was a huge loss. However, if the Palace Lord was willing to protect him, this loss could be easily made up for!
A Palace Lord controlled a thousand cities. In the eyes of the City Lord of Huatian City, the Palace Lord was a high and mighty existence. He was also an extremely important figure in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. After the blood man had completely absorbed the blood in the blood pool, he rushed out of the secret room.
The power that erupted from Luo Zheng's sword was too strong. It easily pierced through the body of the scarlet-robed cultivator and easily destroyed the Forbidden Sky Seal. The sword intent extended to an extremely far distance, spanning a distance of tens of thousands of miles. In the end, it was gradually dissipated by the sword force condensed by Luo Zheng.
Even after it dissipated, the power of the sword force was still felt by many experts.
All the experts within a radius of several hundred thousand kilometers all sensed the presence that erupted from the sword at the same time. The city lords of over a hundred cities all left their manors and raised their heads to look at the sword that had pierced through from the west. They all became extremely stern.
Under normal circumstances, there would not be any major disputes in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. After all, ordinary warriors would not dare to fight within the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. However, who was the one fighting just now? Only when a Divine Realm expert went all out would they be able to erupt with such power.
Many City Lords felt the remaining power of the sword and rushed towards Huatian City. The fastest and the first to arrive was a Palace Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
This Palace Lord's surname was Shen. He was an old acquaintance of Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng left the mine, it was Palace Lord Shen and another Palace Lord He who led Luo Zheng all the way to the Holy City.

Chapter 1100
Just now, Luo Zheng's sword attack had indeed alarmed Hall Master Shen.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng's sword attack was very powerful in Hall Master Shen's eyes. In fact, because they were too far away, Hall Master Shen didn't see Luo Zheng's sword attack.
He sensed an extremely unique concept from that might!
Therefore, after feeling that power, he hurriedly searched for it and came all the way to Hua Tian City.
Just as he arrived at Hua Tian City, he saw a bloody man rushing towards him.
Hall Master Shen's eyes faintly glanced at him and frowned slightly. "Mu Jinglun? Why do you look like this? "
Hall Master Shen was in charge of thousands of cities, but only thirty or so of them were controlled by ascenders. Mu Jinglun was one of the city lords he was more familiar with.
"Hall, Hall Master … My physical body was destroyed by a brat!" Hua Tian City Lord said sadly, but then his eyes flashed with a ray of hope. "But Hall Master, that brat has precious treasures on him. He shouldn't have escaped from my Hua Tian City yet!"
"Oh?" Hall Master Shen's face revealed a trace of confusion. How could someone with precious treasures dare to cause trouble in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land?
"Hall Master, I'll take you there now!" Hua Tian City Lord was leading the way. Now that his physical body was destroyed, it was impossible for him to covet Luo Zheng's Heavenly Luan Horse and the first-grade divine weapon. However, if he gave these treasures to Hall Master Shen first, he believed that Hall Master Shen would help him.
Luo Zheng's sword attack had killed Hua Tian City Lord and then broken the entire Hua Tian City's restriction on flying. Mu Mingxue, who was sitting on the Heavenly Luan Horse to the side, was stunned speechless.
What had Luo Zheng experienced in this one year?
Could it be that the resources in the Upper Realm were so abundant? He had only wandered in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land for less than a year, but he was able to raise his strength to such a level?
This was absolutely impossible. The moment this thought arose in Mu Mingxue's mind, she immediately dismissed it …
Because she had sought refuge in Huatian City, Mu Mingxue indeed did not have the opportunity to properly understand the Upper Realm. However, her uncle's talent was not bad. At least, he was now a City Lord. However, after staying in the Upper Realm for so many years, he was still killed by Luo Zheng in one move. Just from this point alone, Mu Mingxue's guess was denied.
But how did Luo Zheng improve his strength so quickly? Mu Mingxue couldn't figure it out.
She couldn't imagine that Luo Zheng had already traversed more than a thousand Great Worlds and circled around before returning to this place …
Luo Zheng was not very satisfied with the sword that his opponent had just slashed out. There was even a somewhat dispirited expression on his face. Although this Sword of God Yi did not require any accumulation of power, he still needed to adjust his state of mind. The moment he slashed out that sword, Luo Zheng tried to completely seal off his seven emotions and six sensory pleasures.
It was easier said than done. No matter how hard he tried, the moment he slashed out that sword, his state of mind was still somewhat shaken.
Luo Zheng himself also speculated that if he used a stone to perform this sword, he might be able to achieve the perfect effect. Unfortunately, he was not a stone, nor was he a true god-like existence. After all, he was a living person!
"Let's go." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and prepared to leave with Mu Mingxue.
Mu Mingxue nodded slightly, but her gaze towards Luo Zheng clearly carried a trace of reverence.
When she had just ascended, Mu Mingxue's heart was still quite superior. After all, compared to other ascenders who had no one to rely on, she still had an uncle in the Lingwu Holy Land. It could be considered that she had someone to rely on.
Now that she thought about it, she shouldn't have rushed to seek refuge with her uncle. In comparison, Luo Zheng was actually more reliable.
However, now that Mu Mingxue understood, she already had this kind of reverence towards Luo Zheng. When facing Luo Zheng, she couldn't be so casual …
However, at this moment, another two streaks of light flew over from the horizon.
Seeing the people who were flying over, Mu Mingxue's slightly relaxed heart suddenly tensed up again!
This was because she saw that the bloody figure in front of her was actually her uncle. As for the cultivator following behind him, she couldn't see through his cultivation at all. As long as one wasn't a fool, they would know what was going on in this situation!
"What should I do …" Subconsciously, Mu Mingxue had already regarded Luo Zheng as her pillar of support.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over lightly, but there was a faint smile on his face. Probably because he felt Mu Mingxue's nervousness, he said, "It's okay, I seem to have met an acquaintance."
Hall Master Shen followed the Essence Blood body of Huatian City's City Lord and quickly rushed to the west side of Huatian City. He was originally very confused, but when he arrived at his destination, his eyebrows suddenly raised and he looked up and down at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's appearance didn't change at all, but after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation realm had advanced by leaps and bounds. His temperament had also improved, which made Hall Master Shen a little confused.
Moreover, Luo Zheng should have been taken away by the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Why did he return to the Lingwu Holy Land alone? So for a moment, Hall Master Shen was a little uncertain!
"Hall Master, it's this brat. He has a First Grade Divine Artifact and a Heavenly Luan Horse as his mount," Huatian City's City Lord said in a low voice, "And the woman beside him is the Heavenly Origin Body that I have arranged for you. She is an excellent cultivation vessel for a cultivator …"
Hearing her uncle's words, Mu Mingxue was also anxious and angry. Her uncle had asked her to become a cultivation vessel for some important person. It seemed that the important person her uncle was talking about was this person in front of her. Mu Mingxue felt extremely sad in her heart!
And this person's cultivation was far stronger than her uncle's. She didn't know if Luo Zheng could still deal with him … Although Luo Zheng's performance just now was shocking, but no matter how monstrous a cultivator was, there was still a limit. Crossing a major realm to defeat her uncle was already shocking enough. Luo Zheng couldn't cross two realms to defeat this person in front of her, right?
What Mu Mingxue never expected was that after that person sized up Luo Zheng a few times, his face was filled with smiles. He cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, long time no see."
Seeing Hall Master Shen, Luo Zheng only nodded slightly, "Hall Master Shen, long time no see."
Under the two's intimate greeting, Mu Mingxue and Mu Jinglun were both stunned. But after the shock, Mu Mingxue revealed a smile with a relaxed expression on her face.
But Mu Jinglun's expression at this time was as ugly as it could be!
What kind of person was Hall Master Shen? When had he ever shown them, City Lords, any respect?
But he was so polite to this young man in front of them. Even if one used their buttocks to think, the current situation was very unfavorable to them …
Hall Master Shen sized up Luo Zheng, his face still somewhat doubtful. He asked, "Young hero Luo Zheng, I heard from the Holy Lord that you were brought to the Thirteen Palaces, right? Why did you return to the Spirit Martial Sacred Land in such a short time? "
This Luo Zheng was someone that even the Holy Lord thought highly of, so Hall Master Shen was naturally very polite.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I just happened to pass by this place. I didn't expect that a friend who ascended with me back then would be imprisoned by my uncle. He said that he was going to treat her as some important person's cultivation vessel!"
Cultivation vessel …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Hall Master Shen suddenly felt cold sweat break out on his back!
Hall Master Shen didn't know that Luo Zheng had already joined the Lingyan Pavilion, nor did he know what happened to Luo Zheng in the Thirteen Palaces. After all, with Hall Master Shen's status, he didn't have the qualifications to join the Thirteen Palaces.
But Luo Zheng's status and background was something that Hall Master Shen couldn't afford to offend. Even the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land would treat the Palace Lord of the Misty Cloud Palace with the highest level of respect. Even the Great Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land had to personally greet him!
And he was just one of the thirty-six Hall Masters of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land.
A single word from the Holy Lord could consign him to eternal damnation.
And when Hall Master Shen saw that Luo Zheng was familiar with Mu Mingxue, although he wasn't sure of the relationship between Luo Zheng and that girl, it still made Hall Master Shen's heart tremble!
Give her to me as a cultivation vessel? Isn't that the same as killing me?
This Luo Zheng was personally taken away by Yun Luo. Although he hadn't seen Yun Luo in person and didn't have the qualifications to do so, the daughter of the Heavenly Venerables of the Alliance, the Palace Lord of the Misty Cloud Palace, only needed a glance to kill him a hundred times if she wanted his life!
Hall Master Shen smiled and nodded at Luo Zheng. "Young hero Luo Zheng, please don't mention the matter of the cultivation vessel again. It was my fault for disciplining my subordinates, so I'll apologize to you first." After speaking, he glanced indifferently at Mu Jinglun and said, "This person is extremely sinister and doesn't even recognize his own family. How can such a person be qualified for the position of Spirit Martial Sacred Land's City Lord?"
At this time, Mu Jinglun's face was filled with terror. That extremely bad premonition of his had now become reality!
Thinking of this, Mu Jinglun actually turned around and fled. He originally had a body of essence blood, so relying on it to escape was extremely fast.