Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.22

Chapter 2101
They followed the gangue layer for about a thousand feet.
Suddenly, a "bang" sound came from below. Something was blocking Yu Taibai's path.
"We've reached the flint layer. Should we continue digging?" Yu Taibai asked.
The flint layer was a kind of translucent stone crystal. This flint layer was a hundred times stronger than the gangue layer!
Of course, no matter how strong this flint layer was, it couldn't stop Yu Taibai.
"Wait a minute, the direction seems wrong," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
Last time, when he went underground, his inner world immediately reacted.
That brown lump of mud, which was the spirit crow, had a strong attraction to Luo Zheng.
But this time, after going so deep, Luo Zheng's inner world still didn't react. This meant that they had deviated from the right direction!
Speaking of which, Luo Zheng had clearly dug in front of the Tie Family's house and escaped from the top of the cave. In the end, it led to the pond in the Tie Family's backyard.
At that time, Luo Zheng had concluded that the underground cave could be moved freely.
But his mother had told him to go to the Liuren Domain to find her, so there shouldn't be a problem here.
"Go in that direction," Luo Zheng could only rely on his intuition now.
Yu Taibai nodded. He didn't take Luo Zheng to the flint layer. Instead, he moved horizontally through the gangue layer.
But after moving horizontally for a considerable distance, Luo Zheng's inner world still didn't react. In the end, they had no choice but to stop …
"Did Master's wife leave this place?" Yu Taibai said with a frown.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "Mother said she would wait for me here. She wouldn't leave like this."
"But don't forget, the Master's wife you saw in the Dao Struggle wasn't the real Master's wife," Yu Taibai reminded.
The Li Luoshui in the Dao Struggle was only a Fear Incarnation, a copy.
In other words, the real Li Luoshui didn't know that Luo Zheng was coming to find her. Moreover, she didn't have any memories of the Dao Struggle.
If Li Luoshui chose to leave this place before that, how could Luo Zheng find her?
"Right …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows jumped.
In other words, the possibility of him finding Li Luoshui here was not high.
"That's not right." Luo Zheng smiled. "Even if the mother in the Battle of Dao is the embodiment of fear, she still has complete memories. Since she gave me this suggestion, it means that she has sufficient reason to believe that her original body will not leave this place!"
"That makes sense." Yu Taibai shrugged. "Then let's … continue down!"
After saying that, Yu Taibai took two steps back. A desolate power like a mountain erupted from his body. He clenched his fists and punched towards the Flint Layer below.
"Boom!"
Cracking noises immediately came from the solid layer of flint under his feet, as if beans were being fried.
After a short while, Luo Zheng saw the layer of flint under his feet turning into semi-transparent ashes and rapidly collapsing downwards like quicksand...
"What a powerful force!"
Luo Zheng was also secretly shocked.
Even if he relied on the source of power, Luo Zheng's power was not on the same level as Yu Taibai's.
"Follow me." Yu Taibai nodded towards Luo Zheng and jumped into the tunnel he had created.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng followed suit and jumped in as well.
The thickness of the flint layer was much thicker than the gangue layer. After falling for five thousand feet, the two of them finally stopped in a narrow space.
As soon as the two of them stopped, they heard muffled noises coming from the wall made of flint on one side of the space, as if something was trying to crawl out of it!
"What's that?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
They had been drilling underground for so long without encountering anything. Now that they could finally hear something, Luo Zheng was naturally looking forward to it.
Yu Taibai stretched out a finger and gently drilled it into the side of the cave. He suddenly knocked with one hand!
"Bang!"
The cave wall suddenly collapsed.
At the same time, Luo Zheng and Yu Taibai heard a roar.
From behind the cave wall, a huge snake head suddenly appeared!
This snake head opened its bloody maw and bit towards Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng, wanting to swallow them whole.
"Hmph." Yu Taibai's expression didn't change in the slightest as he looked at the snake head. Multicolored light flowed out of the veins in his right arm. That was the color of the source of his strength.
"Boom!"
Yu Taibai's casual punch seemed to have the power to shatter everything.
Before the huge snake head could close its mouth, it was turned into powder by the impact of the punch.
And this punch was extremely far away. Luo Zheng could not clearly see the situation in the distance. Presumably, the entire snake had been turned to dust by the power of this punch.
"An Earth Dragon actually dares to sneak attack. But this Earth Dragon is skilled in digging underground. We can follow the hole it made and search for it," Yu Taibai said.
This Earth Dragon's body was two zhang in diameter. The hole in this layer of flint was naturally also two zhang wide.
Luo Zheng and Yu Taibai entered the tunnel created by the Earth Dragon and continued to move forward, but they still didn't find any clues …
They continued to follow the Black Sovereign Dragon's hole. They did not know how far they had traveled.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the ground under his feet had suddenly become soft...
"We've reached the Muscle Layer." Yu Taibai stepped on the ground.
Below the Rock Layer was the Flint Layer. Below the Flint Layer was the Muscle Layer.
This Muscle Layer was not as hard as Flint Layer, but it was extremely flexible. Brute force alone could not break it.
Even Yu Taibai could not casually tear apart the Muscle Layer!
Because there were so many obstacles, the depths of the Divine Realm were not so easy to explore. This was also why Li Luoshui had chosen to hide underground.
"We should have reached a very deep place?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Naturally." Yu Taibai said. "If we break through the Muscle Layer and continue down, we will encounter the Black Flame Torrent. That green lava can kill Saints."
"It's that powerful?" Luo Zheng asked in astonishment.
Yu Taibai nodded. "That is the purest energy in the Divine Realm. It is also the foundation that keeps the Divine Realm from collapsing. This is not strange. We can't continue down. Let's find another place to search."
Luo Zheng's face showed reluctance. The underground world was so large. Finding that hole was like finding a needle in a haystack. But he still listened to Yu Taibai's arrangements.
But just as Luo Zheng was about to leave with Yu Taibai, he suddenly felt a trace of movement in his inner world!
Luo Zheng suddenly stopped in his tracks and looked around.

Chapter 2102
"What's wrong?" Yu Taibai asked.
"Over there!"
Luo Zheng pointed. In front of him was an ash-gray rock. After saying this, Luo Zheng went straight for the rock.
When Luo Zheng got close, his inner world suddenly transmitted waves of intense hunger, as if the most delicious food was hidden behind the rock.
"It's here. I can feel it. The 'mud' is behind it." Luo Zheng was very certain.
Yu Taibai nodded.
Even if he wanted to break through the rock, it would not be easy.
The muscles all over his body began to swell. His shoulders had doubled in size in the time it took to breathe. His two thick arms were disproportionate to his entire body.
These rock could not be broken through with brute force.
"Crack!"
His ten fingers abruptly pierced into the stone. Then, he spread his arms to both sides and actually tore open a crack in the stone!
After tearing open the rock, Luo Zheng immediately saw a wide space through the crack!
With the help of the dim light, Luo Zheng could even see the round stone plate!
"It's that cave! This cave can really move underground! "
Luo Zheng's face revealed an excited expression. He was about to step in, but Yu Taibai stopped Luo Zheng.
"I'll go in first." Yu Taibai said indifferently.
Going deep underground, there might be some strange things. Yu Taibai naturally had to consider the issue of safety.
After saying this, Yu Taibai climbed into the crack, and Luo Zheng followed closely behind.
After Luo Zheng entered the cave, he saw a brown thing running not far away. It seemed like it was about to enter the crack next to the cave.
"Don't let that thing escape!" Luo Zheng anxiously said.
That brown thing was the "mud" Luo Zheng needed. It was also the "spirit crow" that his mother spoke of.
"It won't!"
Yu Taibai replied indifferently. His large hand made a grabbing motion in the air.
The crazily running "spirit crow" stopped in its tracks. The "spirit crow" continuously let out "zhi zhi zhi" sounds, but it was caught by an invisible force. No matter how it struggled, it could not escape this invisible force.
Yu Taibai suddenly pulled the spirit crow into his bosom. The spirit crow flew back and fell in front of Luo Zheng and Yu Taibai.
At the same time …
On the walls of the cave, strange figures with long arms and legs appeared once again!
"This cave is a trap." After seeing these figures, Yu Taibai's face became vigilant.
Last time, Luo Zheng also encountered this scene, but he ran away before these strange figures came out of the rock …
Yu Taibai's words made a lot of sense. This cave was probably a trap set up by his mother. If someone came in, they would definitely fall into this cave. They would either have to escape or stay behind to fight against the strange figures in the rock!
This time, Luo Zheng was prepared. Adding on the fact that Yu Taibai was beside him, he naturally did not panic.
He reached out and grabbed the "spirit crow". His fingers followed the "mud" on the spirit crow. Very quickly, Luo Zheng felt a pearl and pulled it out!
Then Luo Zheng said to the pearl: "Mother, it's me. I'm Luo Zheng!"
These spirit crows were all under Li Luoshui's control. These pearls were the core of the spirit crows. Last time, Luo Zheng was able to see his mother through these pearls!
"We need to hurry." Yu Taibai's gaze focused on the walls of the cave.
The figures on the walls were becoming clearer and clearer. The aura they emitted was especially strong. Moreover, they emitted a strong hostility …
In another space.
Li Luoshui's head suddenly opened her eyes.
When she saw Luo Zheng again, her crimson eyes flashed. "It's him. He's back!"
Last time, she had seen her son through the spirit crow, but before she could finish her sentence, the pearl had exploded …
Li Luoshui did not think that Luo Zheng would return to this cave!
Just as Li Luoshui was about to respond, she felt a very familiar thing between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. It was a memory she had left behind!
"When did I leave a memory between his eyebrows?" Li Luoshui was puzzled. But as the crimson light flashed in her eyes, the silver light between Luo Zheng's eyebrows instantly entered the spirit crow's eyeball and entered Li Luoshui's mind.
She obtained the memory of her fear incarnation.
After she fused with the memory, she suddenly realized, "So it was me who told him to come. Moreover, he has already obtained the inheritance of the Land of Dao Struggle!"
"Hualala …"
Li Luoshui's head slowly floated up from the cauldron. The spirit crows quickly transformed into her body.
"All of you stop!"
After she gave the order, the huge figures in the cave immediately stopped moving forward and solidified in the rock.
"Success. Mother, I already know." Luo Zheng stared at the eyeball and said.
Although he did not see Li Luoshui, the memory Li Luoshui planted in his mind had already been absorbed.
Yu Taibai nodded, "That's good!"
Actually, Yu Taibai was still worried about the Takeshi Xuan forest.
Although he believed in Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng's ability, it was easy for accidents to happen in the forbidden area. He hoped that he could quickly send Luo Zheng to his master's wife and return to the Takeshi Xuan forest.
The two of them waited in the cave for an incense stick's time.
"Kaka …"
Suddenly, an explosion came from the left side of the cave.
There was a crack on the left side of the rock, like a monster with its mouth wide open.
"Hua!"
Immediately after, a figure with long hair flashed by and stood firmly in front of Luo Zheng.
It was Luo Zheng's mother, Li Luoshui, who he saw in the Dao Battle.
However, he only saw his mother's incarnation in the Dao Battle. The one in front of him was his mother's real body.
"Master's wife!"
Yu Taibai respectfully bowed.
Li Luoshui glanced at Yu Taibai, "You've worked hard to personally send Zheng 'er here!"
"It's my duty," Yu Taibai replied.
Li Luoshui nodded and looked at Luo Zheng.
She had absorbed all the memories of her incarnation, but for Li Luoshui herself, this was the first time she had truly met her son.
Li Luoshui tiptoed and reached out to touch Luo Zheng's face. An enchanting smile appeared on her face, "Zheng 'er, please come with me!"
"Yes, mother!" Luo Zheng nodded.
Before leaving with Li Luoshui, Luo Zheng naturally would not forget to activate the Gen Writ.

Chapter 2103
Luo Zheng walked quietly behind Li Luoshui, his eyes looking up and down the cave.
The cave was filled with a faint smell of blood, and there were brown "mud" running around in all directions.
In addition, Luo Zheng also saw huge heads embedded in the rocks.
These heads had their eyes closed as if they were sleeping.
"Mother, what are these creatures? How can they pass through the rocks? "Luo Zheng curiously asked.
After meeting Li Luoshui in the Battle of the Dao, Luo Zheng no longer felt estranged. Luo Zheng felt a sense of closeness and stability beside his mother.
"These Rock Spirits were planted by mother one by one. They are mother's guards," Li Luoshui replied with a smile.
"Planted?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
"Yes, they are the favor of the Ancient Gods and possess extremely powerful strength. Even Yu Taibai might not necessarily be able to deal with them," Li Luoshui said.
"No wonder," Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. These Rock Spirits had always given Luo Zheng a lot of pressure. As his mother said, they had the ability to contend against Yu Taibai. That was an existence comparable to a Saint.
The underground caves were connected to one another. Every time Li Luoshui led Luo Zheng to the end of a cave, a new cave would appear. This underground world was far more complex than Luo Zheng had imagined.
On the way, Luo Zheng didn't know how many Spirit Crows he had seen. His inner world was like a restless monster, urging him to devour those Spirit Crows. However, Luo Zheng restrained himself.
Not long after, Luo Zheng passed through another cave and saw a large pot not far away.
Through the eyes of the Spirit Crows, Luo Zheng had seen this pot. At that time, only his mother's head was immersed in this pot.
Below this pot, there was a light green flame slowly wriggling.
"Sit down," Li Luoshui gently pointed.
Luo Zheng nodded and sat cross-legged on the ground beside the pot.
Li Luoshui immediately sat in front of Luo Zheng and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently with a look of joy on her face.
She had directly fused with the memories planted by her Fear Incarnation, but for her main body, this was the first time she had seen Luo Zheng. Naturally, she had a different feeling in her heart.
After a while, Li Luoshui said, "Your father is indeed brave and resourceful. He dared to gamble, and he gambled correctly. If you had followed my suggestion back then, I'm afraid you wouldn't have been able to open the Thousand Fan Domain."
Looking at Luo Zheng's puzzled expression, Li Luoshui continued, "At that time, Mother didn't want to hand you and your sister over to Husband. You two have extremely pure bloodlines and are destined to be extraordinary. However, in the divine territory, the meaning of being extraordinary only stops at the level of a Saint. But now, you want to surpass this limit."
Li Luoshui's words made Luo Zheng a little confused. This time, he wanted to break through his cultivation and seek his mother's help. However, after so long, Luo Zheng still didn't understand. He asked, "But it's precisely because I cultivate the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that I've been stuck at the realm of a lower-level True God. Not to mention a Saint, I'm far inferior to a Perfected True God …"
Li Luoshui smiled and shook her head. She interrupted Luo Zheng and said, "Vassals are ultimately vassals. The path of relying on others will eventually come to an end. Only by opening up your own path can you go further and have infinite possibilities!"
"Vassals? Mother, are you saying that the Saints are vassals? "Luo Zheng asked.
Li Luoshui smiled faintly. "Yes. Not only the Saints, but all the living beings in the divine territory who cultivate vital essence are vassals. The living beings in the Saints' Inner Worlds are the vassals of the vassals. Even if they pass the Saint Mountain and become a Saint, they still need to attach the universe to the divine territory."
Luo Zheng nodded. Even if the Saints were very powerful, they couldn't leave the divine territory.
"But my Inner World is still unable to expand. My cultivation has been stagnant." Luo Zheng voiced his worries.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Li Luoshui gently waved her hand. Suddenly, there was a clattering sound from the surroundings. A large number of Spirit Crows immediately crawled over.
"What you lack are these Spirit Crows, right?" Li Luoshui asked.
Luo Zheng looked at the large number of Spirit Crows. From the instincts transmitted from his Inner World, he couldn't help but swallow his saliva. Luo Zheng nodded.
"Haha." Li Luoshui smiled helplessly. "The Primal Chaos Secret Technique that your father gave you isn't complete. This incomplete cultivation method naturally can't tell you how to obtain Spirit Crows. In fact, you already have them in your Inner World!"
"They're in my Inner World?" Luo Zheng was a little dumbfounded.
Li Luoshui's slender fingers spread open. In her palm, there was a dark brown Shenwu coin!
"Shenwu coin?" Luo Zheng stared at his mother in bewilderment.
He only saw his mother lightly toss the Shenwu coin. The Spirit Crows immediately pounced on it like a pack of wolves and began to fight for the Shenwu coin.
The fighting was very intense. Soon, a Spirit Crow stood out and swallowed the Shenwu coin into its body!
"These Spirit Crows are fed with Shenwu coins?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Li Luoshui shook her head. "No, it should be said that these Spirit Crows were transformed from Shenwu coins!"
At the beginning of the Divine Realm, the Li Clan, which was also the Sacred Clan, occupied the entire Divine Realm. At that time, Shenwu coins had two uses. One was to cultivate Spirit Crows for cultivation. The other was to write down the rules of the Divine Realm.
These were the generous conditions that Chi You created for his people.
However, those who cultivated with Spirit Crows were naturally not people of the Divine Realm. They were "beings of a higher level" who had established the Sanskrit Domain. Li Luoshui was one of them.
Later on, the people were almost completely wiped out. The True Gods of the Divine Realm were unable to enter the realm of "beings of a higher level". The Shenwu coins could only be used to change the rules on the Governance Slate.
Hearing his mother's explanation, Luo Zheng revealed a bitter smile. He had been painstakingly searching for a way to break through in the end. He didn't expect that it was because the Primal Chaos Secret Technique was incomplete.
Simply put, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique only recorded the method to establish a small Divine Realm. It didn't record how to expand it or how to cultivate it. It was completely dependent on Luo Zheng's luck to get to where he was now.
However, at the stage of condensing Godhood, Luo Zheng was unable to take another step forward. That was until he found this mud …
"You've established the Qianfan Domain for a long time. Now, Mother can help you break through your bottleneck. However, you also need to master the method to cultivate Spirit Crows." Li Luoshui said. "Zheng 'er, prepare yourself!"
Luo Zheng nodded.

Chapter 2104
Luo Zheng had been looking forward to this for a long time, especially the world inside his body, which emitted a strong desire, teasing Luo Zheng all the time.
He didn't resist at all, and a gentle light emitted from his dantian, completely accepting all the spirit crows.
And Li Luo Shui didn't seem to consider Luo Zheng's ability to bear it, or rather, she didn't need to consider it at all!
"Can I enter your inner world to take a look?" Li Luo Shui asked.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, then nodded.
Soon, in Luo Zheng's inner world, the figure formed by Li Luo Shui's consciousness was already floating inside.
And Luo Zheng's inner incarnation stood side by side with her.
"Hu, hu, hu …"
Those spirit crows continuously fell from the sky, simultaneously emitting "zhi zhi" sounds.
The spirit crows' intelligence was very low, and they were completely under Li Luo Shui's control. Although they clearly knew that they would be devoured, they still charged into Luo Zheng's inner world without hesitation!
"Nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier … this power source is actually so abundant." Li Luo Shui glanced indifferently at the sky, and a hint of surprise appeared on her face. "This should be the nine stars that some saint helped you forge, right?"
"En, it's the power source bestowed by Saint Jiu," Luo Zheng answered.
Li Luo Shui revealed a smile. "The three of them are really whimsical, actually directly stuffing the power source to you …"
In Li Luo Shui's eyes, to forge Luo Zheng's inner world into such a state was practically reckless!
She was only halfway through her words when she looked into the distance, and saw several dozen rays of light blossoming in midair …
"Those are … divine dao accumulations?" Li Luo Shui's gaze focused, and then shot towards those rays of light.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything, only following behind his mother.
When Li Luo Shui arrived above Luo Zheng's condensed godhood, she saw over three hundred rays of light emitted from Luo Zheng's godhood.
These rays of light each contained different divine dao accumulations, distributed in various parts of Luo Zheng's inner world.
"This is a multi-layered godhood?" Li Luo Shui's eyes revealed a strange look. "At least three hundred layers of godhood, how is this possible? Right … Boundless Ruler! I know what they are trying to do! "
In Luo Zheng's eyes, his mother was a "leapfrog creature", so she must understand things at a higher level than him.
Why did she start to panic after seeing all these …
"Mother, what's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng's godhead, and her face was still full of doubt, "How can you absorb so much Divine Dao? This … is simply impossible! "
The so-called Three Thousand Divine Daos in the Divine Realm were the Three Thousand Divine Abilities that Chi You grasped.
These 3,000 Divine Daos were not prepared for the True Gods and Saints of the Divine Realm, but for the common people.
It wasn't particularly difficult for some True Gods to cultivate one or two types of Divine Daos. However, some extremely talented True Gods could cultivate three to five types of Divine Daos. It was even possible for them to fuse two or three types of Divine Daos together and create something new. That would be their own Dao.
Li Luoshui had never heard of someone like Luo Zheng who had absorbed hundreds of Divine Daos.
"Father gave me a ruler. It's called the Infinite Ruler," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"Infinite Ruler!"
When Li Luoshui heard Luo Zheng's words, her body suddenly trembled. She stared fixedly at Luo Zheng, "How can you have the Infinite Ruler? How can the Infinite Ruler appear here? It's impossible for that ruler to appear in the Divine Realm! "
Li Luoshui's eyes were full of disbelief.
"But before I ascended to the Divine Realm, father did give me the Infinite Ruler," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Li Luoshui stared at the godhead and murmured, "So that's how it is. No wonder husband is so confident, so confident … Although he doesn't understand many things, he understands the simplest point. He obtained the Infinite Ruler and let you absorb three thousand godheads to obtain the general outline of the Three Thousand Divine Daos. This way, your inner world will be highly compatible with the Divine Realm. He is helping you seek the right to control the Divine Realm! This is his ambition! "
The Divine Realm did not have a ruler, because the ruler was Chi You himself.
The rulers of large and small Forbidden Zones only had a certain degree of authority. Their abilities might be formidable in a certain aspect, but it was not enough to control the entire Divine Realm.
If someone obtained the general outline of the Three Thousand Divine Daos, the inner world they created would be highly compatible with the Divine Realm. This way, they would be able to seize control of the Divine Realm.
But cultivating Chi You's Three Thousand Divine Daos was easier said than done.
No matter how high one's talent was, it was simply impossible to accomplish …
So Li Luoshui had never thought in this direction.
But Li Luoshui never imagined that the Infinite Ruler would fall into Luo Xiao's hands. Where did he obtain it?
"Seeking to control the Divine Realm!" Luo Zheng was also shocked. He never thought that his father would be planning this. The problem was that even his mother didn't know about the Infinite Ruler, so where did Luo Xiao obtain it?
It wasn't difficult to use the Infinite Ruler to contain the Three Thousand Divine Daos. As long as Luo Zheng was given enough time, he would sooner or later be able to integrate the Three Thousand Divine Daos into it.
Now, he already had one-tenth of it. If he continued to comprehend those Dao tablets under the guidance of some almighty person, it wouldn't be long before he could achieve this …
If he really controlled the entire Divine Realm, then Luo Zheng would be an omniscient and omnipotent existence on this ship. Not to mention those Sages, even those Xuan Yuan Guards, what qualifications did they have to resist him?
"Humph, my husband must have some secrets that I don't know about." A trace of annoyance appeared on Li Luoshui's face.
When she was with Luo Xiao, she had told him everything she knew. She didn't think that her husband would still hide things from her. Naturally, Li Luoshui felt a trace of displeasure in her heart.
"Perhaps Father only obtained the Immeasurable Ruler after that?" Luo Zheng spoke up for Luo Xiao.
Li Luoshui smiled faintly. She was undoubtedly angry, but she was still happy that her husband and Zheng 'er could reach this step. So she smiled faintly and said, "The truth will come out one day! Since Zheng 'er has already expanded the inner world to this step, then quickly absorb these spirit crows! "
Under Li Luoshui's guidance, Luo Zheng didn't absorb all of the spirit crows.
More than ninety percent of the spirit crows fell into the sea of chaos, causing the sea to begin to boil.
As for the remaining spirit crows, Luo Zheng let them fall to the ground.
These spirit crows were like rats, rapidly digging holes and burrowing into the ground to hide.
If he wanted to cultivate more spirit crows, he only needed to use shenwu coins to feed them. As long as he gave enough shenwu coins, the number of spirit crows in his inner world would increase.
The forbidden area in Luo Zheng's inner world was also endlessly producing shenwu coins.
However, previously, Luo Zheng didn't understand the use of shenwu coins. Now, with the help of these spirit crows constantly splitting and multiplying, he could easily obtain an almost unlimited number of spirit crows.

Chapter 2105
Previously, Luo Zheng had spent a lot of effort to get a complete spirit crow.
Now, looking at the surging clouds and mist, he was quite shocked …
"Sword cloud, condense!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and a faint sword shadow suddenly appeared in the surging clouds and mist.
The sword shadow split into two, two into four, four into eight …
As it rapidly spread, it suddenly transformed into countless sword shadows. The sword shadows constantly collided with each other, releasing crisp sounds of metal clashing as they constantly collided in Luo Zheng's inner world.
"Zheng 'er's main cultivation is the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
Li Luoshui seemed to have thought of something, and a strange luster appeared in her eyes. "I understand … Saint Jiu must have unearthed father's inheritance in the Saint Mountain. The Immeasurable Ruler really came from the Saint Mountain!"
Saint Jiu hadn't been a Saint for a long time, so Li Luoshui didn't know what happened after that.
However, after seeing Luo Zheng cultivate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao and use the Immeasurable Ruler to absorb the 3,000 Divine Daos, she was almost certain that it must have come from her father's inheritance.
And the only possibility for them to obtain this inheritance was the Saint Mountain.
The General Outline of the 3,000 Divine Daos was one of her father's most powerful divine abilities, but it couldn't be used after comprehending the 3,000 Divine Daos. It had to be driven by the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
Therefore, the other 2,999 divine abilities were all auxiliary, and the most crucial one was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Luo Zheng now had the Immeasurable Ruler and majored in the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. This couldn't be a coincidence. It was very likely that when they obtained the Immeasurable Ruler, they also received guidance …
Li Luoshui sorted out this series of conjectures and felt that her reasoning was very correct!
In the inner world, thousands of creatures raised their heads to look at the dense sword cloud.
The Evil Deities were the same, and so were the various geniuses on the continent …
Although they didn't know how these sword clouds were formed, they knew that this abnormality would certainly bring about great changes to this world.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
All the brown sword clouds gathered in the center of the inner world, surrounding Luo Zheng's godhood, and gradually formed a huge vortex.
This vortex spiraled at high speed and quickly converged in the godhood.
Luo Zheng's godhead expanded at a visible speed, and then expanded again …
The surface of the crystal shard shone with dazzling light.
It wasn't just the main crystal of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao that was expanding. The other colors of godhoods that were attached to the main crystal also began to expand proportionally!
At the same time, Luo Zheng also felt dizzy. In an instant, he seemed to have comprehended hundreds of Divine Abilities!
As it turned out, the Immeasurable Ruler was able to completely absorb the Divine Dao's Dao Essence.
For example, Luo Zheng used the Infinite Ruler to absorb Aunty Jiu's Purple Cloud Divine Dao. However, he was unable to use the complete Purple Cloud Divine Dao. He could only use the most basic Split Thought Control Technique.
The reason was because of the limitation of cultivation.
The first three stages of the divine dao didn't have any restrictions on godhood, but the next three stages of divine arts had requirements on godhood.
Although Luo Zheng had absorbed the supernatural powers, he was only a lower True Divinity so he wasn't able to use the last three levels of supernatural powers. But now that his cultivation had broken through, he had broken through this shackle and instantly comprehended several hundred supernatural powers. Within the Realm of the Gods, he was likely a unique existence!
"I broke through," Luo Zheng's eyes shone.
After the expansion of the godhood, Luo Zheng's instantaneous comprehension gave him a new level of understanding of the divine dao. This feeling was wonderful and pleasant.
At the same time that Luo Zheng advanced to the middle True God …
His entire inner world began to shake.
"Rumble …"
The one thousand and eighty golden Sanskrit characters that surrounded Luo Zheng's inner world once again emitted tens of thousands of golden lights.
"My inner world has begun to expand again!" Luo Zheng stared blankly.
He suddenly felt a tearing sensation coming from his dantian in his abdomen …
Although he was currently in the state of an incarnation, he could still clearly feel any subtle sensation coming from his main body.
The continents in Luo Zheng's inner world floated up once again. Huge waves surged in the sea of chaos, constantly surging in all directions.
Those golden Sanskrit characters continued to push towards the edge of his inner world …
Ten li …
Thousand li …
Ten thousand li …
One million li …
In a short time, Luo Zheng's inner world expanded by more than ten times!
There were originally seven continents in Luo Zheng's inner world. Now, compared to the sea of chaos in his inner world, these seven continents were as small as seven islands, and the distance between them was also increasing.
As his inner world trembled, a new piece of land rose up from the sea of chaos, forming a new continent.
The size of this new continent was about three times larger than the total size of the previous seven continents combined!
The Chaotic Sea was a place that gave birth to living beings, but these continents were where living beings relied on to survive and prosper. Soon, an even more glorious kingdom would be born on these continents, and there would be even more geniuses and experts …
After absorbing so many spirit crows, Luo Zheng broke through to the middle level of True God, but he did not plan to stop.
The consciousness of his inner world still desired those spirit crows, so naturally, Luo Zheng would not refuse to absorb them!
After all, Luo Zheng had been stuck at the lower level of True God for too long. If not for the lack of spirit crows, he would have broken through long ago …
"Mother, how many spirit crows are there?" Luo Zheng asked.
Li Luoshui smiled slightly. "Zheng 'er, just absorb them all!"
Although the number of spirit crows consumed by Qian Fan Yu was far more than the others, Luo Zheng was only trying to break through to the middle and upper level of True God. This bit of consumption was nothing to Li Luoshui.
Hearing his mother's words, Luo Zheng was relieved.
In the cave, the spirit crows continued to gather from all directions, continuously rushing into Luo Zheng's inner world and falling into the sea of chaos.
The waters of the Sea of Chaos began to boil, and even more brown clouds began to spread across the sky.
Luo Zheng used these clouds to begin his breakthrough to the upper level of True God!
…
…
On the floating island, in the Dongfang Palace.
Dongfang Chunjun stood at the head, and below him were Leng Yao, Mu Haiji, Tang Lun …
The Saints of the Dongfang Family's faction, which was the Grand Family Alliance, were all gathered together.
Dongfang Chunjun never knew what "patience" was. The word "patience" was only used on the weak.
The Sword Clan had offended the Dongfang Family, so he would definitely retaliate without hesitation …
"I said ten Divine Epochs ago that this day would come sooner or later. I believe everyone is prepared?" Dongfang Chunjun asked calmly.
"I will listen to Big Brother Chunjun. Whatever Big Brother Chunjun decides to do, I will not hesitate to die a hundred times!" The one who spoke was the Saint of the Liu Family.
Their Liu Family was weak among the Grand Families, so they were naturally willing to rely on the Dongfang Family.
"My Tang Family naturally has no problems, but Brother Chunjun, can you really guarantee that nothing will go wrong?" Tang Lun asked.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled slightly and was about to speak.

Chapter 2106
Under the gazes of these Saints, Dongfang Chunjun disappeared in front of everyone in the blink of an eye.
The Saints present looked at each other, not knowing what had happened.
Dongfang Chunjun gathered these Saints together to discuss an extremely important matter.
Now that Dongfang Chunjun suddenly left, why did he leave?
There was a Silverwing City thirty thousand miles east of the Time Sea.
This Silverwing City originally belonged to a second-tier family in the God Territory. However, it was forcefully requisitioned by the Dongfang family a few God Eras ago.
How would a second-tier family dare to go against a wealthy family like the Dongfang family? They only dared to be angry but did not dare to voice it.
However, the Dongfang family did not care about a mere city. Although Silverwing City belonged to the Dongfang family, the income of Silverwing City still belonged to the second-tier family.
Dongfang Chunjun's figure appeared in Silverwing City.
However, no one in the entire city knew of his existence. Even Silverwing's restriction was not triggered.
With a flash, he entered one of the buildings in the Silverwing Divine City.
There was a skinny old man in this building.
The old man had a hunched back and was sorting out some materials.
"Old thing, be quick!" A middle-rank True God beside him berated.
This place was a famous alchemy workshop in Silverwing City. This old man had worked hard in this alchemy workshop for many God Eras.
Because he was too honest, he was often ordered around by others.
However, the old man was quick and knowledgeable. Moreover, he did not need to be paid. Therefore, he had been staying in this alchemy workshop.
Everyone thought that he was a dispensable existence. In reality, he was already an indispensable existence.
"Phew …"
Dongfang Chunjun appeared in the alchemy workshop.
The few True Gods in the alchemy workshop were stunned when they saw that there was an additional person.
A True God berated, "Who are you?! How dare you come to my Qian family's important place! "
This alchemy workshop belonged to the Qian family, and the Qian family was the second-tier family in Silverwing City.
Although Silverwing City belonged to the Dongfang family in name, it still belonged to the Qian family in reality.
Dongfang Chunjun hid his cultivation. These True Gods naturally did not know who he was. How could they be polite when he suddenly came here?
Dongfang Chunjun completely ignored these people. He took a few steps toward the old man who was sorting the herbs. A respectful expression appeared on his face. He cupped his hands and said, "Old Hu, why did you call me here?"
If anyone saw Dongfang Chunjun speaking to others with such an expression, they would definitely be shocked.
He, Dongfang Chunjun, was the leader of the Saints....... Since when did he need to treat others like that?
The old man who was sorting out the medicinal herbs did not raise his head. His bony fingers moved nimbly through the pile of medicinal herbs, picking out some of the medicinal herbs that were of slightly lower quality. He said faintly, "I can sense the existence of Luo Shui. I know where she is."
"What!"
Dongfang Chunjun's voice trembled slightly as excitement appeared on his face.
.... are....... Who exactly are you? How dare you … "A middle True God felt as if he had been completely ignored. This stranger had actually bypassed him to chat with that old man.
.....
Dongfang Chunjun's face sank, and he waved his hand gently.
A formless energy enveloped the middle true god, and the middle true god was only able to finish half of his sentence before he stopped.
Then, layers of cracks appeared on the surface of his body. Like a weathered statue, he quickly disintegrated into dust and disappeared into the air...
. The other True Gods in the alchemy workshop were dumbfounded. No one dared to move.
Just now, Dongfang Chunjun's power was extremely strong, but such a strong power did not release any power. Even the people outside the alchemy workshop were not alarmed. How strong was this guy to be able to control his power to such an extent?
The True Gods present immediately came to an answer. No matter what realm he was at, taking their lives would definitely be as easy as crushing an ant.
Old Hu raised his head and glanced at him. He pointed his finger in the air.
Specks of dust appeared again. They gathered and combined to form a pair of legs, clothes, and hair.
The True God that was killed by Dongfang Chunjun appeared in front of everyone in one piece. The True God looked at himself. He did not understand what had happened.
"You're still the same. Too hot-tempered," Old Hu said calmly.
Dongfang Chunjun did not care. He asked anxiously, "Where is Luo Shui?"
"Luoshui has always been hiding underground. Furthermore, she used the 'Dark Earth' to open up a separate space. That's why I couldn't sense her presence. The space she's in isn't connected to the Divine Realm at all." Elder Hu said unhurriedly, "However, I just sensed that she exposed her location."
"Where?" Dongfang Chunjun continued to ask.
He did not want to know how Luo Shui had hidden herself. That was not important.
"Han Family's ancestral land. A hundred thousand miles north of Liuren Divine City."
"Thank you, Old Hu!" Dongfang Chunjun cupped his hands and turned to leave.
Old Hu looked at him calmly and said, "Remember your promise. Don't go back on it."
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed. He smiled and said, "Of course I won't forget!" Then, he left.
Old Hu held an ingredient in his hand and smiled faintly, "I hope you won't forget …"
Dongfang Chunjun had chosen to side with the Xuanyuan Wei because of Luo Shui. If Dongfang Chunjun succeeded, he might betray the Xuanyuan Wei again. Old Hu knew Dongfang Chunjun's personality very well.
Only now did Old Hu realize that all the true gods in the pill refining room were looking at him with fear.
These true gods did not think that the old man who had always been submissive would be so respected by such an expert!
And this old man had such a remarkable ability. True gods that had been reduced to ashes could be easily restored with a point of his finger. What kind of ability was that?
"Stop looking and do your own thing," Old Hu said calmly.
His voice contained a powerful divine consciousness fluctuation. This divine consciousness invaded the minds of the True Gods in an instant, accurately erasing a part of their memories.
The bodies of these Real Gods trembled slightly, and their eyes revealed a tinge of confusion.
However, this confusion only lasted for a moment before they regained their clarity. They had completely forgotten what had just happened.

Chapter 2107
Dongfang Chunjun used Spatial Shift again and returned to the East Palace in a single step.
Saints could come and go as they pleased in the divine territory. Aside from a few places, they could reach almost everything in an instant.
The Saints in the East Palace waited for a while, guessing where Dongfang Chunjun had gone. To their surprise, Dongfang Chunjun returned in less than half an hour.
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes shone with unconcealable joy. It was a rare expression on his face.
"Brother Chunjun, what made you so happy?" Leng Yao asked.
The Saints all looked at Dongfang Chunjun.
"Everyone, please follow me!" Dongfang Chunjun said.
"Where are we going?" Tang Lun was confused.
"Liuren Domain," Dongfang Chunjun replied.
"Liuren Domain?"
"Isn't that Han Clan's ancestral land?"
"We'll probably alert Han Clan if we go there, won't we?"
Although Saints could move freely in the divine territory, Liuren Domain belonged to Han Clan. Normally, they would have to inform Han Clan of such a situation.
"Emperor Hanqing?" Dongfang Chunjun looked disdainful. "Just come with me. Don't worry about him!"
In Dongfang Chunjun's eyes, Emperor Hanqing was a clown.
He didn't even need to worry about the Sword Clan and the Xuanyue Clan, let alone Han Clan and Emperor Hanqing.
Hum …
As soon as he said that, the space around Dongfang Chunjun rippled, and he disappeared into the ripples.
Since Dongfang Chunjun had said so, the other Saints had nothing else to say. They all disappeared from the East Palace one by one.
Liuren Domain, above Liuren Divine City.
Dongfang Chunjun appeared in the air with a ripple of space.
As Han Clan's ancestral land, Liuren Divine City was much more well-protected than Silverwing City.
The moment Dongfang Chunjun appeared, the restriction above Liuren Divine City was triggered. The Thousand Commandments Slate in Liuren Divine City transformed into blue lightning snakes that shot into the sky!
"Someone has trespassed into Liuren Divine City!"
"Guards!"
"He can fly. He's at least an upper true god!"
The true gods in Liuren Divine City looked up cautiously. They only saw a middle-aged man who was neither fat nor thin.
This person's aura was not strong, but they were unable to see through this person's cultivation!
"Even I can't see through his cultivation. Could this person be a Great Perfection Paragon?"
"It's hard to say. Maybe he's practicing some Cultivation Arts that can conceal his cultivation, or he's carrying such magical equipment?"
"The Thousand Commandments Slate will take care of intruders!"
Just as one of the True Gods finished speaking, an ear-piercing voice entered their ears.
"Crackle …"
A thick lightning snake emerged from the Thousand Commandments Slate and shot toward Dongfang Chunjun. In the blink of an eye, it wrapped around Dongfang Chunjun in midair.
"The Thousand Commandments Slate's Divine Lightning of Punishment is extremely powerful. Even a Great Perfection deity cannot be underestimated!"
"Even if this person doesn't die, he will suffer a great loss!"
"I wonder if he has nothing better to do? He actually dares to barge into our Six Ren Divine City! You're courting death! "
The True Gods in Six Ren Divine City all had looks of pity in their eyes. In their eyes, if that fellow in the sky hadn't fled, he would have been refined to death by the punishment lightning!
"Crackle …"
Under the gaze of countless True Gods in the city, the lightning snake's azure luster quickly dimmed.
Meanwhile, the figure in midair was completely unharmed!
Countless True Gods in Six Ren Divine City witnessed this scene, and they were all stunned.
"How can this be?"
"Who is that person?"
"Even the Thousand Commandments Slate can't punish him?"
"No, the Thousand Commandments Slate can unleash even more powerful punishments …"
"Crackle!"
In the center of Six Ren Divine City, several thicker lightning snakes shot out from the Thousand Commandments Slate and continued to coil around Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun looked impatient and snorted.
He reached out and grabbed at the air …
Following a rumble, a building in the center of Six Ren Divine City collapsed, and a slate flew toward Dongfang Chunjun.
It was the Thousand Commandments Slate that guarded Six Ren Divine City!
Seeing the slate fly out, the True Gods in Six Ren Divine City's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
That was especially true of the true gods of the Han family. They all looked as if they were in disbelief.
When the Thousand Commandments Slate flew in front of Dongfang Chunjun, Dongfang Chunjun suddenly attacked and punched the slate …
"Dong!"
The Thousand Commandments Slate could not be damaged by external forces.
After being hit by Dongfang Chunjun's attack, it was directly sent flying and became a tiny black dot in everyone's eyes. It flew for an unknown distance before finally disappearing into the horizon.
Six Ren Divine City was completely silent.
None of the True Gods dared to even breathe loudly.
Such a perverted guy could probably destroy the entire Six Ren Divine City with just a wave of his hand. Fighting against such a guy was undoubtedly suicidal.
After Dongfang Chunjun sent the slate flying …
More Sages descended around Dongfang Chunjun.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
At that moment, more than ten figures appeared in the sky above Six Ren Divine City.
The Sages that came with Dongfang Chunjun did not conceal their auras like Dongfang Chunjun.
The auras of these Sages intertwined and covered the entire Six Ren Divine City as if they had substance.
"These people are … Paragons?"
"No, Paragons' auras can't be so terrifying. These are all Sages, Sages!"
"Heavens, so many Sages!"
Many True Gods had never seen a single Sage in their entire lives.
Now that they could see so many Sages, some True Gods thought that they were seeing things. However, when they noticed that the others had the same dumbfounded expression as them, they were sure that more than ten Sages had indeed descended!
"Big Brother Chunjun, what's in this Six Ren Domain?" a Sage asked.
Dongfang Chunjun stared into the distance. "Directly north, fifty thousand kilometers!"
After saying that …
Dongfang Chunjun took a step forward and disappeared in front of the Sages again.
The other Sages did not know what Dongfang Chunjun was up to, so they could only follow him …
In the blink of an eye, all the Sages disappeared completely, leaving behind the countless True Gods in Six Ren Divine City.
Dongfang Chunjun teleported again and appeared in the sky above the Tie family. He looked around and saw a formation flag!
"This formation flag was set up by at least a Paragons not long ago." Leng Yao looked around. "What's underground that requires such a formation flag to protect it?"
Dongfang Chunjun smiled. "Naturally, it's something extremely important!"
After saying that, he dived into the formation flag again!
The moment he drilled into the formation flag, Li Luoshui, who was deep underground and within the layer of muscle and stone, suddenly opened her eyes wide.

Chapter 2108
"How could this be …"
The moment Dongfang Chunjun rushed underground, Li Luoshui sensed it.
Now that Luo Zheng was breaking through the bottleneck of upper true god, she did not expect to expose herself at this time!
She was too careless!
All these years, the space she opened up with 'Dark Earth' existed independently and was not connected to the outside world.
Even the last time Luo Zheng went underground, he only connected to one layer of space.
But this time, when Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng visited, she did not separate the space …
The Divine Realm was just a 'boat', but it was actually quite large.
In Li Luoshui's opinion, it was impossible for the other party to constantly monitor the entire Divine Realm!
But Li Luoshui was wrong, and because of this carelessness, she exposed her position!
Luo Zheng did not notice his mother's abnormality.
In the world within his body, Luo Zheng was still focused on transforming those spirit crows and condensing his own godhood …
The clone formed by Li Luoshui's thoughts just stared silently at Luo Zheng. On the surface, she tried her best to remain calm, but in reality, her heart was in a mess!
'I, I must stop them outside …' Li Luoshui thought to herself.
In the cave, Li Luoshui had already begun to move.
She clapped her hands lightly, and a wave of power spread out.
Cracks spread out from under her body …
These cracks spread rapidly along the cave, and the stones around the cave began to shatter. The huge creatures sealed in the stones were also released one by one.
After these rock spirits crawled out of the stones, they slowly walked toward another cave.
The power they contained was very strong, not much weaker than that of a Saint.
But that was only a comparison of power …
And a Saint's trump card basically did not rely on pure power.
Therefore, the strength of these rock spirits was inferior to that of a Saint, or even a quasi-Saint, and those peak Paragons.
It was impossible to rely on the rock spirits to stop the Saints!
Dongfang Chunjun quickly dived down the tunnel dug by Yu Taibai, a jet-black fireball spinning in his hand.
Whether it was ordinary soil, gangue, or flint, in front of the jet-black fireball, they quickly melted like snow …
Therefore, Dongfang Chunjun dived down and opened up a wide path all the way up.
The other Saints behind him followed very easily.
"It seems like someone has been here before?"
"I wonder what Brother Chunjun is looking for underground …"
"Normally, there isn't anything good in the depths of a God's Domain."
Everyone in God's Domain had long since come to a consensus that there was nothing particularly special in the depths of God's Domain.
There were very few creatures that could survive in the gangue layer, and even fewer in the flint layer. As for the tendon layer … there were no creatures that could adapt at all.
Therefore, the rich and powerful families, as well as the True Gods, would rarely explore the underground.
"We're almost past the Flint layer. If we go any further, we'll reach the Tendon layer. Brother Chun Jun, don't tell me you're thinking of continuing down?" a Saint asked worriedly.
The tendon layer was a very thin layer underground.
If the Tendon Stone Layer was broken, the Black Fire Torrent would be below. Even a Saint would die if they were sucked in.
No one was willing to follow Dongfang Chunjun into the fire.
Boom!
After a while, Dongfang Chunjun stood on the Muscle Stone Layer.
He stood in place and hesitated for a moment. Then, he raised his right hand. Traces of spatial fluctuations circled around his finger.
He gently pointed his finger in front of him …
The spatial fluctuations were like scattered gusts of wind, spreading in all directions.
Even something as tough as the Tendon Stone Layer was easily torn apart by the spatial fluctuations. It collapsed and cracks appeared.
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flickered. Finally, they stopped in one direction and a smile appeared on his face.
Behind one of the cracks, a cave appeared.
He did not hesitate at all. He walked toward the cave.
"There's actually a cave here?"
The Saints were also stunned. Dongfang Chunjun must have come for these caves.
When Dongfang Chunjun entered the cave, the other Saints followed.
However, as soon as they entered the cave, several tall Rock Spirits rushed out.
These Rock Spirits' arms were almost as long as their bodies. Although their movements were slow, the power contained within was not to be underestimated.
When Dongfang Chunjun saw these Rock Spirits, he did not look surprised.
"Get rid of them," he said calmly.
"I didn't expect there to be such strange things underground. Haha." Tang Lun was a little excited. He took a step forward, and his entire body was enveloped in flames.
As for the other Saints, they each used their divine abilities …
None of the Saints used weapons. Fighting against creatures of this level was not enough to make these Saints take it seriously.
"Boom …"
"Crack …"
"Crash …"
All kinds of energy burst out in the cave.
Those originally powerful Rock Spirits could not withstand a single blow from the Saints.
Dongfang Chunjun did not make a move. His figure flashed through the cave. He completely ignored the attacks of the Rock Spirits and shuttled through.
When he reached the end of the cave, he carefully observed the marks left on the cave wall.
"Here!"
Dongfang Chunjun stretched out his hand and gently pushed. An invisible spatial fluctuation tore open the cave wall and revealed another cave. Of course, this cave was also filled with Rock Spirits …
Previously, when Li Luoshui brought Luo Zheng through this series of caves, they also left cracks in these caves. Although these cracks had recovered, there were still traces to follow.
Following these traces, Dongfang Chunjun quickly moved forward in this complicated cave. The Saints behind him killed the Rock Spirits.
"They're too fast …"
At the bottom of the cave, Li Luoshui's expression became more and more unpleasant.
With so many Saints, she could not stop them at all …
Although she still had a backup plan in the Divine Territory, it was not something she could use now.
Luo Zheng still closed his eyes and quietly absorbed those Spirit Crows. He did not know that his mother was now anxious to the point of despair, nor did he know that danger was rapidly approaching.
When Li Luoshui's anxiety reached a certain level, her eyes were filled with despair.
In desperation, Li Luoshui could only think of one way.
"Zheng 'er, I'm sorry …"
She stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated and pitiful expression. Under such circumstances, it seemed that she could only take a gamble.
She gently flicked her finger, and a small Zi Qing Jade Plate appeared in her hand. From the Zi Qing Jade Plate, a purple halo of light shot out and enveloped Luo Zheng.
Li Luoshui's movements were extremely gentle. Luo Zheng, who was focused on cultivation, focused all his attention on his Inner World and his incarnation. He did not notice at all.
This purple halo of light emitted a strong spatial fluctuation. After it enveloped Luo Zheng, it suddenly circled, and Luo Zheng disappeared in front of her!

Chapter 2109
These black flames were enough to burn everything, but the black cauldron floating on top of them was unharmed.
Li Luoshui leaped up and stood on top of the cauldron. She stood straight and stared outside the cave.
Although the divine territory was huge, it was still too small for the Saints. They could easily chase to the ends of the earth.
Once her location was exposed, there was nowhere to run. Li Luoshui knew that very well.
Although Li Luoshui still had some backup plans in the Divine Realm, distant water could not quench a present thirst. She had no choice but to send Luo Zheng out …
"Whoosh …"
A figure flew over. It was Dongfang Chunjun.
When Dongfang Chunjun saw Li Luoshui standing on top of the cauldron, joy appeared on his face. "Luoshui!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Then, more than ten figures appeared behind Dongfang Chunjun.
When the Saints saw Li Luoshui, they were slightly stunned. Only then did they understand Dongfang Chunjun's purpose.
It was for this woman …
The Sages muttered to themselves in their hearts.
After becoming a Saint, they controlled the universe. Creating things in the universe was only a matter of thought.
In their eyes, women were just bones and skin. Dongfang Chunjun's obsession with a woman was so deep that they were speechless.
However, this woman's status was special. If they could capture her, many problems would be solved easily!
No matter what, it was a good thing for the League of Wealthy Clans!
Li Luoshui glanced at Dongfang Chunjun indifferently. The corner of her mouth lifted slightly, and a cold smile appeared on her face. "Have you been looking for a long time?"
Dongfang Chunjun nodded.
All these years, he had indeed been looking for Li Luoshui all the time, but to no avail.
Therefore, when Elder Hu told him the news, he rushed here immediately.
"Your talent is still a little weak. Even with someone guiding you, you still haven't crossed the Sea of True Meaning …" Li Luoshui said indifferently.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled. "Just one more step. Just one more step, and I can cultivate to the Nirvana Realm!"
Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, and the other Saints were slightly shocked when they heard Dongfang Chunjun's words.
Although they were all loyal to Dongfang Chunjun, they still had their own selfish motives. Who didn't want to become stronger?
They more or less had some remnant pieces of the True Meaning of Dao in their hands …
However, it was utterly impossible to obtain the complete True Intent of the Dao through these incomplete pieces, let alone traversing the ocean of True Intent!
Become a Nirvana Realm expert?
Since ancient times, no one had ever succeeded. This was an extravagant hope even for Saints!
But now, Dongfang Chunjun said that he was only one step away!
Although Dongfang Chunjun was powerful now, he was still on equal footing with the saints present. If he really stepped into the Nirvana Realm, they could only look up to him in the future.
"Then congratulations," Li Luoshui sneered.
Hearing her sarcastic words, Dongfang Chunjun's expression did not change at all. Instead, he said, "You can go back with me. When I reach the Nirvana Realm, I'll bring you back to the mother world!"
"You … will bring me back to the Mother World?" Li Luoshui smiled faintly. "And then join the Xuanyuan Guard?"
Dongfang Chunjun's expression froze.
Dongfang Chunjun knew about the conflict between Li Min and the Xuanyuan Guard.
Strictly speaking, Dongfang Chunjun was able to advance by leaps and bounds with the support of the Xuanyuan Guard …
"What kind of person do you think you are? In fact, you're just a chess piece of the Xuanyuan Guard," Li Luoshui said calmly. Her long hair that was coiled behind her head danced in the wind.
Dongfang Chunjun's gaze narrowed slightly as he persuaded, "The Li Clan's influence in the mother world has already been lost. The hope in this divine realm has long been destroyed. You don't have to be so stubborn!"
Crack crack crack …
More and more cracks appeared in the cave as more and more Black Flame Torrents gushed out from within ….
The Saints were secretly shocked when they saw the black flames.
Although they would not truly perish because of the existence of the universe, if they really died once, they would have to pay a huge price to recover.
No one was willing to be involved in the black flames!
"No one in the nine tribes of the Li Clan is willing to live in this world. This might be the last war of the Li Clan. The final victor is still unknown. Perhaps I, Luoshui, won't be able to see that day, but I believe that day will come! Chaos Ancient God, protect our clan! "
Li Luoshui's voice was cold, and a flirtatious and charming smile appeared on her incomparably beautiful face.
With a wave of her hand, a strong spatial fluctuation rippled out with her as the center.
The Saints all sensed that something was wrong, and their expressions immediately changed.
"The space … has been locked by her?"
"It can't be shifted?"
"What is this woman trying to do?"
Li Luoshui glanced at the Saints and said indifferently, "All of you will follow me and die here …"
Rumble …
The surroundings of the cave quickly collapsed.
The Black Flame Torrent poured in like seawater, surging in all directions.
Seeing this scene, the Saints' expressions immediately became extremely ugly.
"This woman wants to drag us down with her!"
"Retreat!"
"Behind … there are also many black flames behind us!"
Li Luoshui had shifted the cave to the lowest level and was prepared for the worst.
Now that she had locked the space and lured in a huge amount of black flames, her goal was to perish together with them.
Perhaps she couldn't truly kill these Saints, but they still needed a long time to be reborn. She could buy more time for Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, Yu Taibai, and the others.
Li Luoshui didn't hesitate at all. The tip of her foot lightly tapped on the cauldron, and she leaped into the black flames!
However, the moment she jumped into the black flames, Dongfang Chunjun rushed over without a care for his own safety.
"Hmph!" Li Luoshui snorted coldly, and her hair shot toward Dongfang Chunjun like arrows.
Dongfang Chunjun swiped his hand in the air, and an invisible energy formed a shield in front of him.
Tuk tuk tuk …
The fine hair couldn't penetrate the shield!
Taking advantage of this gap, Dongfang Chunjun grabbed Li Luoshui's arm.
At this moment, a playful smile appeared on Li Luoshui's face …
From her head down, her torso instantly turned into brown mud, which wrapped around Dongfang Chunjun like an octopus.
"If it wasn't for you back then, perhaps my husband would have succeeded …" Li Luoshui, who only had her head left, stared at Dongfang Chunjun with hatred. "Today, I will completely destroy you!"
The mud kept wriggling around Dongfang Chunjun, gathering toward his dantian …
In the eyes of the True Gods in the Divine Realm, Saints were indeed immortal and indestructible, unless their universe was destroyed.
However, that didn't mean Li Luoshui didn't have a way to kill Saints.
For example, cutting off the connection between Saints and their universe …
"You!"

Chapter 2110
Luo Zheng did not know what was happening in the cave.
He sat cross-legged in that stable space and continued to focus on breaking through to the upper true god realm.
In his inner world …
Sword clouds surged and swarmed toward his godhood.
Although there were no more spirit crows entering his inner world, the number of brown clouds formed by the spirit crows was enough!
"It seems that Zheng 'er should be able to smoothly advance to upper true god," Li Luoshui said calmly.
Li Luoshui's divine clone naturally knew what was happening in the cave. However, in order not to disturb Luo Zheng, she did not reveal anything.
Luo Zheng focused all his attention on that godhood!
However, breaking through to upper true god took a long time.
Two hours later …
As the inner world rumbled once again, the entire world once again expanded outward.
"It's done!" Luo Zheng was pleasantly surprised.
When the inner world expanded again, he felt that his understanding of the various Divine Daos had deepened by a lot!
"Mother!"
Luo Zheng's incarnation floated in front of Li Luoshui.
"Congratulations, Zheng 'er." Li Luoshui had a smile on her face, but the expression in her eyes became unusually complicated.
Luo Zheng sensed his mother's strange mood and asked curiously, "Mother … what's wrong?"
The smile on Li Luoshui's face gradually faded. Then, she said calmly, "Mother will tell you, but don't panic. After all … this is not a dead end for you."
Luo Zheng nodded. He still did not understand.
"I sent you to the chaos outside the divine territory," Li Luoshui said straightforwardly.
"What!"
Luo Zheng was startled, and his eyes snapped open in shock.
He realized that he was no longer in the cave. Instead, he was enveloped by a purple circle of light!
He was full of doubts. He closed his eyes again and focused his consciousness on his incarnation. He stared at Li Luoshui in his inner world and asked, "What happened?"
"When you were breaking through to upper true god, those Saints found me," Li Luoshui said bitterly.
Li Luoshui was afraid of affecting Luo Zheng, so she did not say anything.
But now, in order to let Luo Zheng understand her situation, she had to explain as much as possible …
"What!" Luo Zheng was shocked. "Which Saints?"
"Dongfang Chunjun and the others," Li Luoshui replied.
This was probably the name Luo Zheng didn't want to hear …
Li Luoshui continued, "I have no choice but to send you out of the Divine Domain. In the Primal Chaos, you will continue to fall. You might encounter the Extraterrestrial Demons, but you will still have a chance of survival. If you fall into their hands, you will undoubtedly die."
Her choice was very decisive.
"How could this be, Mother … What about you?" Luo Zheng's face was full of anxiety.
Li Luoshui didn't answer the question. She just said faintly, "Mother is counting on Zheng 'er to avenge me!"
Luo Zheng kept shaking his head. He couldn't believe what Li Luoshui said. Did mother mean that she was going to die?
His face was filled with panic. "Impossible! We haven't been able to find it after so many years. Why did it have to be this time? Impossible! "
If it was because he found Li Luoshui and caused Li Luoshui to expose her position, how could he forgive himself?
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess. He couldn't maintain his usual calmness!
Li Luoshui's avatar floated slightly. She held Luo Zheng's cheeks with both hands and stared at Luo Zheng with her beautiful eyes. "Zheng 'er, you are our last hope! Don't let Mother down! "
She and Luo Zheng had only been together for less than a day. It was too ironic that they were going to be separated by life and death.
Luo Zheng looked at Li Luoshui motionlessly. He only heard her talking non-stop. She was talking about the method to cultivate the spirit crow, telling him about the origin of the Extraterrestrial Demons …
His mother kept talking, but he didn't listen.
After a long time, Li Luoshui's avatar gradually became thinner and finally dissipated in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
Luo Zheng maintained the same posture and stared blankly ahead.
After maintaining this posture for half an hour, he suddenly shuddered and dispersed the incarnation in his body. He quickly opened his eyes and took out the "Gen" token!
Regardless of whether Luo Zheng was in the universe or in the divine realm, as long as he activated the "Gen" token, he could return to the immortal abode …
He wanted to find Yu Taibai. Maybe he had a way. He wanted to go underground and save his mother again!
But this time, the "Gen" token was ineffective.
Luo Zheng kept trying to activate this token, but it was like an ordinary iron token now. There was no reaction.
After trying countless times, Luo Zheng was filled with anger. He threw the "Gen" token out.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
This sturdy token was knocked around in the narrow space.
The "Gen" token was used for the entire divine realm, including the universe. With Gu Bei's ability, he could take care of everything.
"Could it be that I'm really in the primal chaos?" Luo Zheng thought blankly.
In this space, Luo Zheng couldn't see the scenery outside. He couldn't even feel that he was falling. He could only sit cross-legged and stare blankly.
Although he'd become an upper true god and the size of his internal world had greatly increased, he wasn't in the mood to investigate …
He sat like this for ten days, but the space binding him still didn't change.
But at this moment, he discovered that a crack had appeared in the layer of space binding him!
"Whoosh!"
The moment this crack appeared, a thick brown fog surged in.
"Primal chaos aura?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Ordinary true gods and even perfected true gods would view primal chaos aura as highly toxic, but it wasn't a threat to Luo Zheng. After all, his internal world was made up of primal chaos aura.
His mother hadn't lied to him. She really had sent him out of the divine realm …
Thinking about it carefully, his mother hadn't made the wrong choice at the last moment. With the means of the Saints, Dongfang Chunjun would be able to track him down no matter where she sent him to in the divine realm.
Back when he left the Sea of Time and was taken away by Aunt Hanjiu, Dongfang Chunjun couldn't track him down because of Little Qiao's forbidden magic.
Even so, Aunt Hanjiu had taken Luo Zheng countless times in a short period of time to prevent the possibility of him catching up …
So his mother could only send him out of the divine realm. This was almost the only choice!
"Mother might not have died …" Luo Zheng's eyes shone. "Maybe everything can still turn around, but the prerequisite is that I have enough strength!"
After being depressed for ten days, Luo Zheng finally adjusted his mood.
The crack in the space binding Luo Zheng grew bigger and bigger. Luo Zheng could also observe the situation outside through this crack.
Through this gap, Luo Zheng could see a huge oval-shaped gem floating in the air.
He recognized it at a glance. It was the main body of the divine realm. Luo Zheng could even see the red band of light binding the gem!

Chapter 2111
Rapidly descending through the void, the beast bones at the bottom of the primal chaos grew larger and larger in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Cracks continuously appeared in the purple halo that enveloped Luo Zheng, before finally disappearing completely. Luo Zheng seemed to be sitting on a lidless box as he fell.
"At this speed, I'm afraid I'll need a long time to reach the bottom …"
The divine realm was already very close to the bottom of the primal chaos, but using the divine realm as a scale, Luo Zheng was still very far away.
One month later.
Luo Zheng's height was finally level with the beast bones.
But these massive beast bones were also incomparably tall!
Another ten days passed …
When he was about thirty thousand feet from the ground, Luo Zheng leapt out. Flying through the air, he began to slowly descend.
In this vast and enormous world, Luo Zheng was like a speck of dust that had silently descended. He didn't attract any attention.
"This is the bottom of the primal chaos world!"
The ground beneath Luo Zheng's feet was like a vast expanse of snow. As far as the eye could see, it was a vast expanse of pure white.
But this expanse of white was not snow, but bones. This was a wasteland of bones!
There were all sorts of white bones. There were arm bones, rib bones, plate bones, and all sorts of strangely shaped bones.
Some of the bones were only the size of a palm, while others were tens of thousands or even tens of thousands of feet long.
Of course, no matter how large they were, they couldn't compare to those massive beast bones. Those beast bones were comparable to the length of the divine realm. They were like unclimbable mountains in the distance.
"These bones should have come from creatures above their level." Luo Zheng bent down and picked up a bone fragment.
If a True God's body had entered the primal chaos, it would have been completely corroded by the primal chaos energy. It would be impossible for these bones to remain …
These bones had fallen at the bottom of the primal chaos. They had probably been there for countless years, but they were still completely undamaged despite being covered by the primal chaos energy. Perhaps only creatures above their level could do this.
But how could there be so many creatures above their level that had died here?
Luo Zheng's gaze once again fell on the massive beast bones soaring into the sky. From this angle, he could still see the red beam of light.
Yu Taibai said that the red beam of light belonged to the "Otherworldly Demons", but he didn't know what kind of race they were.
While thinking, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a rustling sound around him.
He turned his head and saw seven or eight half-clothed humanoid creatures nimbly shuttling through the skeletons.
"Human?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
From their appearance, they did look like humans, but they were actually crawling on the ground with their hands and feet. Their hollow eyes revealed a greedy and ferocious glint. Occasionally, they would open their mouths and reveal a mouthful of sharp white teeth.
"Sou!"
"Huff huff …"
One of them, with the help of a large piece of bone, leaped up like a nimble monkey and pounced towards Luo Zheng!
Facing this sneak attack, Luo Zheng's expression froze. His five fingers instantly clasped onto this person's head and gently twisted …
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
Luo Zheng twisted him like a fried dough twist.
"It's not a human, just a beast that looks like a human …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he threw the twisted corpse to the ground. If it was a human with intelligence, they wouldn't dare to recklessly pounce on him. At the very least, they would consider the difference in strength between them in advance.
When the others saw this scene, the ferocious glint in their eyes disappeared without a trace. They used their hands and feet to flee in all directions.
Luo Zheng didn't chase after them. Slaughtering these unintelligent creatures was meaningless.
"The red beam of light at the top of that beast bone twines around the entire Divine Realm. Since I've fallen to the bottom of the Primal Chaos, I can go and investigate!" After making this decision, Luo Zheng flew forward.
Just as Luo Zheng had imagined, the bottom of the Primal Chaos was indeed incomparably desolate.
For three days in a row, Luo Zheng would occasionally encounter unintelligent humans. These humans couldn't fly and lived in the Skeleton Wasteland like wild beasts.
Seeing Luo Zheng flying in the air, they would occasionally raise their heads and roar, as if they were venting their dissatisfaction …
On the fourth day, Luo Zheng saw more than a hundred unclothed people using their hands and feet to run in a direction.
"Eh!"
His gaze focused slightly.
In front of these humans, there was a person running wildly.
This person was probably a true "human". It was a youth. He was draped in a pale yellow beast skin. His face was filled with fear as he ran in a random direction …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng, who was flying in a straight line, suddenly circled in the air in a spiral trajectory and flew towards the youth.
The youth was on the brink of despair.
This time, his luck was extremely good. He had actually found three desolate bones! For three pieces of desolate bones, the risk was worth it.
However, on the way back, his good luck was used up. He was chased by more than a hundred sneaky people …
The youth only knew that he would die here today. He never expected that a person would suddenly fall from the sky.
Although he was extremely surprised in his heart, he only wanted to live right now. His feet did not stop at all, and he continued to run forward madly …
However, before he could run a few steps, he heard a series of dull sounds coming from behind him. A formless wave was stirred up in the air.
"Peng Peng Peng Peng …"
The youth turned his head and saw seven or eight sneaky people lying on the ground. Their bodies were twisted and they were deader than dead.
The remaining sneaky people were intimidated by this scene. They did not chase after him and dispersed in an uproar.
These sneaky people were not completely unintelligent. It was just that their intelligence was low. However, seeing how Luo Zheng could easily kill their own kind, they knew that he was an existence they could not afford to offend.
Seeing the sneaky people disperse, the youth heaved a sigh of relief. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
When he saw Luo Zheng walk over, he took out a desolate bone from his waist and knelt on the ground. He raised the desolate bone above his head and said loudly, "This is the result of my scavenging. Great Immortal, please accept it!"
The youth's actions left Luo Zheng baffled.
However, when he heard the youth speak the same language as him, he calmed down.
No matter what, there were humans at the bottom of the Chaos …
However, the language of the Divine Realm was inherited from the Mother World. Therefore, the living beings at the bottom of the Chaos must be inextricably linked to the Mother World.
Luo Zheng stared at the "desolate bone". From its appearance, this desolate bone was no different from an ordinary bone. However, he could sense an extraordinary power from this bone.
"What bone is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the youth revealed a strange expression. It was as if it was inconceivable that Luo Zheng did not know the origin of this bone.

Chapter 2112
Luo Zheng said as he took the desolate bone from the youth and examined it.
There were all kinds of bones in this wasteland formed by bones. These bones were not afraid of the corrosion of the chaotic aura, but there was nothing special about them.
The only thing that piqued Luo Zheng's curiosity was the unique energy contained within the desolate bones.
But then again …
Regardless of whether it was the youth in front of him or the humans who had not gained intelligence, they did not have a high cultivation level, but they were still not afraid of the chaotic aura.
Could it be that they were also considered "creatures of a higher level"? Were they considered otherworldly demons?
But now was not the time to consider this. Just as he kept the desolate bone, the youth cleverly climbed up from the ground and said, "Great Immortal can fly, but can you bring me out of here?"
Luo Zheng also needed to understand this strange place, so he agreed without hesitation. He grabbed the youth and flew forward.
"Do you often come here to pick up these desolate bones?" Luo Zheng asked.
The youth nodded, "Yes!"
"This place is still too dangerous for you," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The humans crawling on the ground were like ants to Luo Zheng, but they could easily kill the youth.
It was not worth risking his life for these desolate bones.
The youth smiled faintly, "This time I was careless and went too deep into the Eternal Wasteland! In the past, I was always at the edge of the Eternal Wasteland! But now, there are more and more people picking up desolate bones, so I can only go deeper to try my luck! "
So this place was called the Eternal Wasteland, Luo Zheng thought to himself. Then he asked, "Are there many people like you who pick up desolate bones?"
"Of course! We do this for a living! "The youth replied without hesitation.
Luo Zheng followed the topic and got a rough understanding of the situation.
So there was a tribe at the edge of the Eternal Wasteland, and this youth was a member of that tribe.
To become stronger here, one had to absorb the power of the desolate bones.
The youth's goal was the same.
However, although the Eternal Wasteland was huge, the desolate bones at the edge were hard to find after countless years of development.
The youth was taking a huge risk to go deep into the Eternal Wasteland.
Of course, with the youth's leg strength, the so-called "deep" wasn't that deep in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Under the young man's guidance, Luo Zheng flew along the Eternal Wasteland.
Not long after, the bones on the ground became fewer and fewer, exposing large patches of black soil. This should be the edge.
Just like the youth had said, the further one went outside the Eternal Wasteland, the fewer of those "shady people" there were.
Other than that, Luo Zheng also saw some humans digging in between the bones. From the looks of it, they were also searching for the desolate bones …
After flying for a while and leaving the range of the Eternal Wasteland, he finally saw a medium-sized tribe.
"We're here!" The young man pointed at the tribe and said with a cunning look in his eyes. "Great Immortal, let's come down first!"
Luo Zheng accepted the boy's proposal.
The people here didn't seem to know how to fly, so it would be too eye-catching for him to fly into the tribe with this young man.
In this strange environment, Luo Zheng had to be careful.
After all, the Extraterrestrial Demons at the bottom of the Primal Chaos could bind an entire tribe. The true experts at the bottom of the Primal Chaos were probably even stronger than Sages.
"Great Immortal, since you're here, please come to my tribe as a guest," the young man said sincerely.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, then followed the young man to the tribe.
Unexpectedly, just as the two of them crossed the mountain and approached the entrance of the tribe, a large group of tall and sturdy men suddenly rushed out from the tribe!
These people were holding wooden clubs, iron pitchforks, and stones. They aggressively rushed towards Luo Zheng and the young man.
"Jinx! You still dare to come back! "
"I already said that if you, jinx, dare to come back to our tribe!"
"Don't say anything else, get lost!"
Their target wasn't Luo Zheng, but the young man beside Luo Zheng.
These people were cursing angrily as they rushed forward …
Some of them waved their clubs and iron pitchforks, while others threw large stones at them.
The young man let out a strange cry and immediately hid behind Luo Zheng, his body still trembling. "Great Immortal, Great Immortal, save me, these people are plotting to kill me!"
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at the young man. His expression, voice, and movements were all very frightened, but there wasn't the slightest trace of fear in his eyes …
It was very difficult to fake a person's eyes. This little guy wanted to use him.
The young man let him land in advance so that these people wouldn't see that he could fly, so these people in the tribe dared to rush up unscrupulously.
Luo Zheng's brows were already furrowed.
Even so, facing this group of people rushing over, he gently raised his hand, and wisps of invisible energy condensed.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The stones flying in the air suddenly turned into a pile of powder.
As for those people waving their clubs and iron pitchforks, they only felt that their hands were empty, and their weapons had also turned into a pile of powder.
"Great Immortal is so powerful! Great Immortal, help me teach them a lesson. These smelly guys bully me every day, let them have a taste of their own medicine! " The faked fear on the young man's face had completely disappeared, and his eyes were full of excitement.
The faces of this group of men suddenly became very unsightly.
When they saw the young man bring back a stranger, they didn't take it seriously. They didn't expect this person to be so powerful, and even help the young man.
"You, who are you?"
"Why are you helping this jinx?"
The leader of the group, a man with a crew cut, stared at Luo Zheng and questioned.
Luo Zheng said calmly: "I don't intend to help him, but if there's anything, you can talk it out. There's no need to treat a child like this."
This matter originally had nothing to do with him, and besides, Luo Zheng didn't like the feeling of being used.
"A child?" The man with a crew cut laughed coldly, "Since this guy came to our tribe, there have been disasters every year. This is not a child, but a living disaster, and will only bring misfortune!"
"Strange friend, this is our tribe's own matter," another person said.
"I'm not a disaster!" The young man defended himself with a stiff neck, looking very sad, "Sister Xiao Yun can prove it!"
"Hmph! If Xiao Yun hadn't been kind enough to take you in, our tribe wouldn't have fallen to this point … Today, no matter what, you can forget about returning to the tribe! "The man with a crew cut said firmly.

Chapter 2113
The woman was wearing a coarse blouse and a coarse skirt.
Although her clothes were simple and crude, they could not hide her astonishing beauty. It seemed that in such a simple and crude tribe, there should not be such a stunning woman who had appeared.
Luo Zheng's gaze landed on the woman and immediately, he was puzzled.
Similarly, he could not tell what cultivation level she had, but her body exuded a different and powerful aura.
It was as though she was a body-tempering cultivator, but not completely!
Luo Zheng knew that she was not his match, but her strength should be far stronger than ordinary people …
What made Luo Zheng even more curious was that the aura she exuded was very similar to the desolate bone in Luo Zheng's hand!
"Sister Xiao Yun!"
Upon seeing the woman, the youth revealed a look of joy.
When the others heard Xiao Yun's words, their expressions immediately turned ugly.
Xiao Yun's status in the tribe was very high. More importantly, whenever a calamity befell, only Xiao Yun could withstand it …
If Xiao Yun really left, the calamity would befall again, and the people in the tribe would probably die!
Furthermore, their tribe had quite a number of conflicts with another tribe. Conflicts would often erupt, and Xiao Yun had to step in every time to keep the other tribe at bay.
"Xiao Yun, if you leave, what will happen if more sinister people come out?"
"That's right … Furthermore, the Yufei tribe is also restless!"
Upon hearing this, Xiao Yun said indifferently, "Didn't you say that these calamities were brought by Fu Chu? If I were to leave with Fu Chu, wouldn't the calamities leave with him? What are you worried about? "
"This …" The man with the crew cut did not know how to retort.
Ever since Xiao Yun brought Fu Chu back to the tribe, sinister people would often come out of the Eternal Desolate Plains to attack the tribe.
However, before Fu Chu was brought back, it was not as though such things had never happened before …
Seeing that the man with the crew cut was speechless, Xiao Yun sneered and walked in front of Fu Chu, saying, "Follow me home!"
The youth named "Fu Chu" obediently followed behind Xiao Yun.
At this moment, Xiao Yun turned her head again and stared at Luo Zheng, saying, "Were you the one who saved Fu Chu?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Xiao Yun's calm face finally revealed a faint smile, "Thank you. My humble abode doesn't have anything to entertain you with, but please come to my house …"
…
…
The simplicity of this tribe was even more exaggerated than Luo Zheng had imagined.
In the middle of an empty hut, there was a fire, and strips of dried meat were hanging in the corner.
After Xiao Yun boiled a pot of water, she sat on one side of the fire and glanced at Luo Zheng. She then said, "You … are a True God who has opened up his Inner World?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes," Luo Zheng admitted. "How did you know?"
In order to see through the other party's cultivation, one's own cultivation had to reach a certain level.
If Xiao Yun was a lower True God, this would not be strange. However, Luo Zheng clearly could not sense any cultivation from her. This was the strange part.
Xiao Yun's face revealed a strange expression. She stared at Luo Zheng for a while and smiled slightly. "Where did you come from? You don't seem to know anything …"
Fu Chu chuckled and said, "Sister, I also find it strange. This big brother asked a lot of things along the way, but he doesn't even seem to know about the Eternal Wasteland!"
Fu Chu looked innocent, but he was actually quite scheming. He had already suspected Luo Zheng's origins along the way.
"Forgive me for not being able to answer," said Luo Zheng as he shook his head.
When Luo Zheng first entered the divine realm, Xingwei had at least told him a lot of general knowledge about the divine realm.
This time, Luo Zheng was directly pushed out of the divine realm by his mother and fell into this place. He knew nothing about the world at the bottom of the Chaos!
"Everyone has their own secrets." Xiao Yun did not continue to ask Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was also Fu Chu's benefactor. She then said, "The reason why I can see through your cultivation is that I'm an Aragami."
"Aragami?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had never heard of this before. At least, he had never seen an Aragami in the divine realm.
Xiao Yun nodded. "In our place, there are very few True Gods who are pure cultivators. So, I suspect that you're the young master of some big force. You've never left the house, so you don't know anything …"
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng should be able to see through Xiao Yun's cultivation at a glance. She was a lower Aragami.
However, Luo Zheng had never seen an "Aragami" before. He could only feel a unique aura from Xiao Yun. Naturally, he could not see through Xiao Yun's cultivation.
"The Aragami that you mentioned, is it related to these desolate bones?" Luo Zheng finally thought of the desolate bones. After all, the aura that Xiao Yun was emitting was exactly the same as the energy of the desolate bones. As he said that, Luo Zheng took out the desolate bones from his hand.
After Xiao Yun saw the desolate bones, her eyes lit up. She nodded and said, "Yes, the power of us Aragami comes from these desolate bones!"
The Aragami had a completely different cultivation system.
At the bottom of the Chaos, all resources were scarce.
Ordinary living beings did not have the resources to cultivate their Life Force. It was even more impossible for them to open up a "small divine realm" like Luo Zheng.
However, this world was fair. At the bottom of the Chaos, there were a huge number of bones …
These bones were like the vast sea. There were so many of them that it was impossible to count them. It could only be described as an infinite number.
Moreover, many of the bones were once left behind by extremely powerful beings …
After countless years of precipitation, these bones were not weathered or corroded. Finally, they became desolate bones.
These living beings at the bottom of the Chaos absorbed the energy within the desolate bones and used it to cultivate themselves. Similarly, their strength would increase by leaps and bounds, eventually becoming a Aragami!
However, although the number of desolate bones was not small, it was ultimately limited.
Just like Xiao Yun's tribe, they relied on collecting desolate bones for a living. Every once in a while, there would be experts coming to purchase them in exchange for necessary resources.
Of course, a portion of the desolate bones would be left for Xiao Yun to cultivate.
In the past half a year, the number of desolate bones that the tribe had excavated had decreased. Today, the entire tribe had accumulated less than twenty pieces.
If these desolate bones were sold, Xiao Yun would not have any desolate bones to cultivate with.
Fu Chu knew that his sister needed extra desolate bones to break through the bottleneck. Therefore, he gritted his teeth and took the risk to enter the Eternal Wasteland. The more dangerous the place, the higher the chances of excavating desolate bones.
He never expected that he would be chased by a group of sneaky people after excavating three desolate bones by luck. Finally, he was saved by Luo Zheng.
"I see …"
Luo Zheng was enlightened and sighed in his heart.

Chapter 2114
"Reaching the Aragami level means that you are a different kind of Body Refiner. However, your body doesn't seem to be as strong as it looks …"
Since the other party already knew that he knew nothing, Luo Zheng might as well ask more clearly.
Body Refiners usually had a strong body.
Just like Luo Zheng, who had cultivated his body to a terrifying level, he was also considered a different kind of Body Refiner.
Even though Little Yun was emanating a powerful aura, her physical body was definitely not strong ….
Xiao Yun's gentle eyes glanced at Luo Zheng. She probably felt that Luo Zheng had asked another stupid question.
Fu Chu, who was at the side, smiled helplessly. This young man really didn't know what kind of person he had brought back. It was as if he didn't belong to this world and didn't have any common sense.
Fortunately, Xiao Yun was very patient. She immediately said, "Friend, if you don't know anything about the Aragami level, you can follow me."
After saying that, she walked out of the thatched hut with light steps.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and followed closely behind.
When they arrived at the field outside the thatched hut, Xiao Yun turned her waist and smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. She reached out her hands and started to take off her clothes.
"You …" Luo Zheng was shocked. He didn't know what she was trying to do.
Who knew that after she took off her coarse clothes, a set of brown night clothes was revealed.
The night clothes were tightly attached to her body, outlining her exquisite figure. There were also strange patterns on the surface of the night clothes.
She blinked her eyes slightly, and a strong aura was emitted from her body!
"Huff … Huff … Huff …"
This aura was emitting a faint yellow light. It was actually visible to the naked eye.
Luo Zheng was still looking at Xiao Yun with a puzzled expression. He didn't know why she was doing this …
In Luo Zheng's eyes, he could feel an extremely primitive energy surging evenly in Xiao Yun's body. It almost covered every part of her body.
Head, neck, chest, waist, and even fingers …
In the Divine Domain, there were very few people who could use their strength like this. Regardless of whether it was Quintessential Origin Energy, they would use it on the blade.
For example, when Luo Zheng used his Origin Energy, he would definitely not spread the energy evenly throughout his body. However, Xiao Yun was actually doing the opposite.
Then, he heard Xiao Yun spit out a word, "Grow!"
Then, Xiao Yun's body began to expand rapidly!
Xiao Yun, who was originally only four feet tall, quickly grew taller than Luo Zheng!
Eight feet …
Ten feet …
Fifteen meters …
Ten zhang.
This seemingly weak and simple woman instantly turned into a small mountain, looking down at Luo Zheng.
The energy in Little Yun's body became extremely violent, and her temperament changed in an instant. She seemed to have turned into a female beast from the depths of the wilderness, and she revealed a strange and powerful beauty!
"This!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
Luo Zheng had seen spells that could turn a small object into a large one, and some magic weapons could do the same.
Apart from that, there were also some special abilities and living beings with special bloodlines that could allow them to grow significantly in size for a short period of time.
Even Luo Zheng could expand his body when he infused his body with the source of power.
However, the process of turning a small object into a large object was completely different from what Xiao Yun was doing!
As Xiao Yun's figure grew, every part of her body grew larger. The aura she contained also became extremely powerful. It was as if this size was her original form!
As for why Xiao Yun took off her clothes in the beginning …
It was probably because after she grew bigger, her clothes would also expand and tear.
As for the night clothes she was wearing, they could expand along with her body, and they were still sticking to her body.
Xiao Yun looked down at Luo Zheng and said, "This is the power of the Rage God."
Now, Xiao Yun's fist was even bigger than Luo Zheng's.
However, after her entire body, including her hair and eyebrows, grew larger, she looked very harmonious and beautiful as usual.
Fu Chu was used to such scenes.
After all, every time there was a problem in their tribe, Xiao Yun would appear.
Xiao Yun was the Goddess of War who protected this tribe. Without Xiao Yun, this tribe would have long ceased to exist.
Because of this, every time the people in the tribe wanted to chase Fu Chu away, they would be stopped by Xiao Yun …
"Sister, you can spar with him!" Fu Chu said with a smile.
Hearing this, Xiao Yun's eyes flashed slightly.
With Xiao Yun's eyesight, she knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not bad. After all, he had the cultivation of a True God.
However, this was a world where the cultivation of the Rage God was the main focus. Cultivating a True God had become an auxiliary method.
"I can try." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"Get ready. I'm coming. Be careful. My strength … is very strong," Xiao Yun reminded him.
After saying that, her tall figure suddenly twisted. Gusts of wind blew, and the straw on the thatched huts in the tribe began to sway wildly.
"Whoosh!"
Xiao Yun's "Embroidered Fist" smashed toward Luo Zheng. This fist alone was three meters wide.
Seeing the huge fist coming down, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
After transforming into a giant, Xiao Yun's strength had indeed increased by many times!
Luo Zheng stood in place and bent his arms in front of him to block. At the same time, the power source in his body suddenly erupted.
"Bang!"
In the blink of an eye, he collided with Xiao Yun's fist that was three meters wide.
In Xiao Yun's eyes, those who focused on cultivating a True God were very weak. Therefore, she deliberately suppressed her Rage God power and only used less than forty percent of her strength.
Although this young man did not know anything and seemed to have a strange background, he still saved her brother's life. It would not be good if she smashed him into meat paste with her fist.
However, at the moment of collision, Xiao Yun felt an extremely strong power from this young man's body!
This power was so strong that it was almost impossible for her to resist!
After blocking, Luo Zheng suddenly pushed back with his hand. The strong power pushed back along her arm, and Xiao Yun's huge body began to retreat.
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
Every time she took a step back, there would be a muffled sound and the ground would shake.
However, although her body was dozens of times bigger, she was still very agile. After taking seven to eight steps back, she actually flipped over and stabilized herself. She stared at Luo Zheng with a strange light in her eyes. She could not help but exclaim, "You have such strong strength! Again! "
This time, Xiao Yun stopped underestimating him. She exploded with ninety percent of her strength and smashed toward Luo Zheng's head again!
"Bang!"
The two of them collided again.
Luo Zheng stood in place. The muscles on his raised arm bulged as he blocked Xiao Yun's fist with one hand.
When Fu Chu saw this scene, he took a deep breath.

Chapter 2115
The siblings had never seen such a thing before.
Especially Little Yun, she was very clear about how powerful she was.
She had been growing by relying on the desolate bones all these years. Her talent allowed her to utilize the power of the desolate bones to its fullest potential.
Among the Aragami of the same level, there were very few who could surpass her in terms of power.
This young man only used one hand to block her attack that was almost at full strength.
He had yet to train as an Aragami … How terrifying would he be if he really did?
Xiao Yun retracted her fist.
The pale yellow light on the surface of her body flickered slightly. Her body began to shrink and shrink …
Finally, she returned to her original form.
She picked up her clothes and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. She looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of respect and suspicion.
It was impossible for such a person to be a nobody. However, he knew nothing about the Aragami and this world. This guy was too strange.
"You … Where did you come from?" Xiao Yun could not help but ask. Her curiosity had been piqued.
"Can I not tell you?" Luo Zheng replied.
Xiao Yun pouted. She probably knew that Luo Zheng would not reveal that easily. Instead, she asked, "Then what's your purpose for coming here?"
"Purpose …" Luo Zheng pondered for a moment.
He was thrown down by his mother …
Now, Luo Zheng had gradually understood his background and what he had to face.
If he were to talk about his purpose, his eyes shone with a hint of urgency. "My purpose is to become stronger!"
Fu Chu suddenly interrupted. "Great immortal, it seems that your enemy is very powerful, right?"
"Why do you say that?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You're already so powerful. If you want to become stronger, that's the only reason." Fu Chu shrugged and said.
Luo Zheng did not refute. After his mother told him everything, he did realize that his opponents were unprecedentedly powerful. Just Mu Haiji and Dongfang Chunjun alone were insurmountable mountains. Moreover, they were not the only ones who were hiding in the Divine Dominion!
He wanted to become stronger, and he was very eager!
"If that's the case, you can cultivate the Desolate God. I can teach you the cultivation method." Little Yun had already changed back into her coarse clothes as she spoke in an indifferent tone.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. Indeed, he had the idea of training the Aragami.
When he saw those unimaginably huge skeletons at the bottom of the Chaos in the God's Domain, Luo Zheng was deeply shocked.
Moreover, Luo Yan had also summoned a gigantic "Shadow of Nuwa" in the Battle of Dao. Luo Zheng had a vague guess in his heart. It seemed that the creatures in the Chaos or the Mother World could all become gigantic.
Xiao Yun's means deepened Luo Zheng's conjecture.
If the world at the bottom of the Chaos was really focused on the cultivation of the Aragami, Luo Zheng was confident that he could get his hands on the cultivation method of the Aragami.
However, he was unfamiliar with this place, and this world was far more complicated than he had imagined.
Xiao Yun from a remote tribe already had such strength. If he was careless and exposed something, or provoked something, he would be in danger of dying.
In the universe, he was protected by his father. In the God's Domain, he had Yu Taibai and his mother. However, he had nothing here.
"Sure," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"But there's a condition." Xiao Yun's face revealed a sly smile.
"What condition?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Teach Fu Chu the cultivation method of Vital Energy." Xiao Yun said.
"Sister …" Fu Chu was stunned.
Fu Chu had been plagued by bad luck since he was young. Moreover, his eight extraordinary meridians were sealed, so he could not cultivate the Aragami.
Therefore, his talent could only be used on various wicked ideas.
For example, it was not his first time entering the Eternal Wasteland. Moreover, he had gained something every time. However, because it was too dangerous, Xiao Yun did not allow him to enter at all.
"Sure, but I'll only teach you the method. I won't accept any disciples." Luo Zheng said indifferently.
In exchange, this was very fair.
…
…
Body refiners had never been mainstream in the God's Domain.
After all, the three thousand Divine Daos were all Mystical Powers left behind by Chi You to the Sacred Race. Apart from the Strength Divine Dao, the other Divine Daos were very difficult to be compatible with body refiners.
Among them, the mainstream body refinement method was eight layers of Dao Pedestal and nine stars of Spiritual Pedestal.
However, the body refinement method of cultivating the Aragami opened up another path and constructed another system!
"The power of the Aragami contained in these desolate bones is actually a kind of inheritance," Xiao Yun said.
"Inheritance?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
"En!" Xiao Yun replied nonchalantly. "These desolate bones were left behind by an ancient expert. After hundreds of millions of years of sedimentation, not only did the energy within not disappear, it even solidified within the bones, turning them into desolate bones! Therefore, our power is all inherited from those ancient elites! "
Hearing this explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood.
There were countless corpses gathered at the bottom of the chaos. There were also many powerful people among these corpses, which was why such a unique cultivation method was developed.
"The desolate bone in your hand contains the power of the Aragami. You can absorb it," Xiao Yun said. "Until the power of the Aragami permeates your body and every part of your bones!"
Permeate every part …
Luo Zheng thought of the time when he had just started cultivating martial arts.
His goal was to completely cleanse the impurities in his body and remove them.
However, using these desolate bones to cultivate was the opposite of that, completely permeating the body with the power of the desolate bones!
"This is only the lowest level desolate bone, so you won't feel any rejection. Some powerful desolate bones won't be so easy to absorb," Xiao Yun added.
"There are even more powerful desolate bones?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xiao Yun looked as if it was only natural and smiled slightly. "Of course, there are many kinds of desolate bones in the Eternal Wasteland. Some of the desolate bones' owners were extremely powerful when they were alive! Even after billions of years, or even trillions of years after their death, the power imprints in their bones would not disappear! This kind of desolate bone's power is truly powerful. However, these desolate bones' power will only be passed down to their descendants, so they need to possess their bloodline! "
"Fusing desolate bones requires a bloodline?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Xiao Yun nodded. "A few years ago, two desolate bones that contained Chiyou's bloodline were dug out from the Eternal Wasteland! These desolate bones are not something I can absorb, so I can only sell them or exchange them for ordinary desolate bones … "
Upon saying this, Xiao Yun's face revealed a trace of resentment. The power contained in the desolate bones was different, so the effects were different. However, bloodlines were destined at birth.

Chapter 2116
"Desolate bones of the Chiyou bloodline …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows pricked up slightly.
Luo Zheng had learned from his mother that the Li Min clan was a large clan in the Mother World. There were many people with the Chiyou bloodline flowing in their veins.
Those desolate bones were likely left behind by the mighty figures of the Li Min clan …
However, Luo Zheng did not know what had happened in the Chaos to cause so many bones to be scattered.
"Since only people with the Chiyou bloodline can absorb the energy in the desolate bones, what's the point of those people taking them away?" Luo Zheng asked, "Could it be that there are people here with the Chiyou bloodline?"
Little Yun nodded, "It's said that there are … Among the mighty figures on the bone pagodas, some of them have powerful bloodlines!"
"There are actually people here with the Chiyou bloodline." Luo Zheng's heart stirred slightly.
Only the Li Min clan could inherit the Chiyou bloodline.
Could there be Li Min among the Other Realm Demons? Or could it be that they had used other means to obtain the Chiyou bloodline?
If there were really Li Min, they could be a powerful aid …
This was just a thought in Luo Zheng's mind. Before he could figure out the crux of the problem, he could not act rashly.
"Let's not talk about this problem. Don't you have a desolate bone in your hands? I will now teach you the refining method! You must remember it! "Little Yun smiled slightly.
The methods of refining desolate bones were similar, but not everyone could withstand it.
Just like Little Yun's Wrought Steel Tribe, she was the only one who could withstand the power of the Rage God. No one else could absorb the energy in the desolate bones.
"This desolate bone's energy is already ownerless, so it's not difficult to extract it. The most difficult part is how to utilize it." Sitting across from Luo Zheng, Xiao Yun said seriously to Luo Zheng while sitting cross-legged. She was also holding a desolate bone in her hands.
Fu Chu had dug out three desolate bones from the Eternal Wastelands. One of them was given to Luo Zheng as a 'gift', while the other two were naturally given to his Sister Little Yun.
"The technique I'm using is called the Dripping Spring Technique. It was imparted to me by an extraordinary person when I was young." As Little Yun spoke, her hands left the desolate bone, causing it to float in front of her.
Her hands moved around the desolate bone as if she was caressing a baby.
"The crux of the Dripping Spring technique lies in the control of one's psyche. It can be slow or fast, from the inside to the outside, to guide the energy from the desolate bones out bit by bit … The psyche is like a gushing spring, never decreasing, never decreasing …"
The moment Xiao Yun's voice faded, Luo Zheng felt the desolate bone change.
The power of the Rage God that was locked tightly within the desolate bones began to loosen. Finally, it began to slowly gush out like a fountain!
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
After the power of the Rage God surged out, it slowly wriggled in front of Little Yun. Little Yun gently flicked her finger, causing the mist to enter Little Yun's body.
"You have to pay attention when absorbing the power of the Rage God. The moment it enters your body, you have to absorb it evenly as quickly as possible …" Little Yun was already very familiar with this. As she absorbed the power of the Rage God, she reminded Luo Zheng of the essentials.
After about ten breaths, Little Yun finally absorbed the power of the Rage God.
However, when she finished absorbing it, Luo Zheng realized that the power of the Rage God was constantly escaping from her body …
"This power of the Rage God … Why is it escaping from your body?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Little Yun gave a matter-of-fact look and said helplessly, "This is the problem of the utilization rate that I mentioned. Now, I can only absorb 30% of the power of the Rage God. 70% of it cannot be locked in my body, so it will all be wasted."
The problem that she encountered was something that everyone who practiced the Rage God would encounter.
"Only 30%?" Luo Zheng did not expect that the power of the Rage God in the desolate bone would be wasted so much. "I'll give it a try too!"
"I'm afraid you will waste this desolate bone on your first try," Fu Chu said as he curled his lips.
Desolate bones were too rare for them. Luo Zheng had only seen Little Yun's demonstration once, and he wanted to absorb the power of the Rage God in a hurry.
Little Yun said, "It's fine. I nearly wasted all the power of the Rage God on my first try. Everyone has to experience it personally before they can succeed."
Luo Zheng smiled and gently threw the desolate bone in his hand.
The desolate bone slowly rotated in front of him. At the same time, he used the Dripping Spring technique that Little Yun taught him to draw out the power from within.
This kind of method was really too easy for Luo Zheng.
With a gentle flick of his finger, wisps of power of the Rage God were drawn out from the desolate bone like silk being peeled from a cocoon!
"Eh! Luo Zheng, you … are so fast? "Little Yun took a deep breath as her eyes quickly widened.
With Little Yun's skillful technique, the power of the Rage God that was drawn out was like gushing spring water.
With the Dripping Spring technique, Luo Zheng was able to make the power of the Rage God shoot out. In the blink of an eye, the power of the desolate bone was completely extracted!
Regardless of whether it was the Dripping Spring technique or other techniques, it was just using one's consciousness to draw out the power of the desolate bone …
Luo Zheng's soul was so strong that it was comparable to a Perfect True God. Using his consciousness to draw out the power of the Rage God was too easy.
After drawing out the power of the Rage God, Luo Zheng guided it into his body …
According to Little Yun's instructions, he tried his best to distribute the power of the Rage God evenly in his body.
Little Yun and Fu Chu stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng sat on the spot, motionless …
The three of them continued like this for a while before Little Yun said with an incomprehensible expression, "Then, what about the power of the Rage God?"
"I've absorbed it," Luo Zheng said.
"Why didn't you release any of the power of the Rage God!?" Little Yun was really dumbfounded.
Even after cultivating for so long, Little Yun could only use 30% of the power of the Rage God. This was already considered quite good.
It was said that some geniuses from large factions could use 60% or even 70% of the power of the Rage God …
However, this was Luo Zheng's first time absorbing the power of the Rage God. He actually absorbed all of it without leaving out a single bit!
With Little Yun's experience, she couldn't understand it at all!
As for Luo Zheng, he was only slightly confused. However, he understood in the blink of an eye.
Most of the living beings' bodies weren't perfect. There would always be some undetectable loopholes. The absorbed True Origin would be able to escape through these loopholes. The power of the Rage God was the same.
Luo Zheng's body had been refined many times. Back when he was in the universe, he had already cultivated the Leakless Real Body.

Chapter 2117
Luo Zheng slowly stood up while Xiao Yun and Fu Chu stared at him as if they were looking at a monster.
The power of the Rage God was not like the source of strength, Qi, or even Chaos Qi that could be used at will.
It had completely fused with his body …
When Luo Zheng thought about it, the power of the Rage God seemed to be ignited by Luo Zheng.
He felt his body tremble. Be it his muscles, bones, or even his veins, they all felt like they were expanding! Moreover, during this process of expansion, he sensed that his body contained an indescribable force!
Luo Zheng's first time absorbing the power of the Rage God, he had only absorbed a small piece of the lowest grade desolate bone. Naturally, he could not be like Xiao Yun, who instantly turned into a two hundred foot tall giant.
His body only stretched slightly, and in a short period of time, he "grew" by an inch.
Even so, it was enough to make Luo Zheng very excited.
"The power of the Rage God is indeed very unique …" Luo Zheng muttered. Only then did he notice Xiao Yun's surprised expression. He asked, "What's wrong?"
"You, you haven't answered my question!" Xiao Yun said excitedly.
Luo Zheng could absorb all the power of the Rage God. This efficiency was three times higher than Xiao Yun's.
In other words, Luo Zheng's refining of one desolate bone was equivalent to Xiao Yun's refining of three desolate bones. The difference was too great!
How could Luo Zheng explain such a question? If he really had to explain, it would be a long story …
He could only shrug his shoulders and pretend to be confused. "I'm not sure either …"
Xiao Yun stared at Luo Zheng's face suspiciously. From Luo Zheng's previous performance, he was indeed clueless. But once he began cultivating, it had completely exceeded her common sense.
If she had not seen it with her own eyes, she would have found it hard to believe.
Finally, Xiao Yun said faintly, "Maybe you are really suitable to cultivate the Rage God."
When she encountered an unexplainable problem, she could only attribute it to talent.
Xiao Yun did not want to compare herself with such a talented person, but she could not help but feel a sense of defeat.
…
…
In order to become an Aragami, absorbing a piece of desolate bone was far from enough.
The unsatisfied Luo Zheng quickly set his sights on the Eternal Wasteland.
Over the past few days, people from the tribe had been going in and out. They were picking up desolate bones in the periphery of the Eternal Desolate Plains.
Even at the periphery of the Eternal Desolate Plains, they would still be attacked by those "sneaky people". It was actually very dangerous for them. Furthermore, a tribe had hundreds or thousands of people. If they were lucky, they would only be able to pick up two or three desolate bones in a month. It was very inefficient.
Just as Fu Chu had said, the deeper one went into the Eternal Wastelands, the higher the chances of picking up desolate bones.
After all, not many people dared to venture too deep. Back then, Fu Chu wasn't Luo Zheng, but he had almost lost his life.
These problems were not a problem for Luo Zheng.
When he suggested entering the Eternal Wasteland to search for desolate bones, Fu Chu did not miss the opportunity to recommend himself. He smiled slyly and said, "The Eternal Wasteland is so big. If you are not careful, you will get lost. I can be your guide!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Fu Chu indifferently. Bringing this guy along would only be a burden. He waved his hand and a scroll appeared in his hand. "There is no need for a guide. This is a cultivation technique for cultivating Quintessential Essence. You can study it first. If there is anything you do not understand, you can ask me."
According to their previous agreement, Luo Zheng had to impart the cultivation technique for Quintessential Essence to Fu Chu.
Fu Chu was immediately unhappy. However, Xiao Yun had strictly forbidden Fu Chu from entering the Eternal Wasteland. She would not allow him to enter with Luo Zheng.
Not long after, Luo Zheng entered the Eternal Wasteland once again.
In the past few days, he had a rough understanding of the world at the bottom of the Chaos …
The true 'extraterritorial devils' resided in those huge beast skeletons. Little Yun and Fu Chu called those beast skeletons that were as huge as the divine domain 'bone pagodas'. Every bone pagoda was a massive faction.
And in those large factions, some Desolate Gods could transform into giants that were hundreds of meters tall or even thousands of meters tall!
In comparison, Xiao Yun was considered weaker among the Desolate Gods.
"To enter the Bone Pagodas, one has to cultivate to the Desolate God level … Xiao Yun is also a Desolate God. She also wishes to become stronger. Why doesn't she enter the Bone Pagodas?"
As Luo Zheng flew through the Eternal Wasteland, he was guessing in his mind. He always felt that the siblings, Xiao Yun and Fu Chu, had some unspeakable secrets.
However, these did not have much to do with him. After all, Luo Zheng could not even protect himself now. He wished to become stronger so that he could kill his way back to the Divine Domain one day!
"Huff … Huff … Huff …"
He flew along the Eternal Wasteland and quickly went deep into it.
When Luo Zheng first fell from the Divine Domain, he did not know of the existence of desolate bones. He only faintly felt that there was a mysterious aura exuding from the Skeleton Wasteland.
Only now did he understand that this aura came from the power of the Desolate Gods.
After flying for about an hour, Luo Zheng descended from the sky.
Beneath his feet were densely packed skeletons.
But with the naked eye, there was no way to differentiate between the skeletons and the desolate bones.
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes slightly. The Divine Perception in his mind immediately spread out. His Divine Perception covered a radius of tens of miles.
"Using Divine Perception to find the desolate bones is much easier." Luo Zheng revealed a smile on his face.
He had already sensed that there were about seven or eight pieces of desolate bones in this area!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng chose a direction and flew over. With a push of his hand, an invisible energy wave swept up the layers of skeletons.
"Hualala …"
These skeletons were like a white wave that surged out. The skeletons that were hidden at the bottom layer were all swept up.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. His hand shot out like lightning and a piece of desolate bone landed in his hand.
After obtaining that piece of desolate bone, Luo Zheng flew to the next direction. Using the same method, he obtained seven or eight pieces of desolate bones in the radius of tens of miles!
With Luo Zheng's method, the efficiency of searching for desolate bones was much faster than ordinary people.
After obtaining the desolate bones, Luo Zheng once again soared into the sky and continued flying deeper. At the same time, he used his Divine Perception to cover a radius of tens of miles.
After repeating this several times, he had about thirty pieces of desolate bones in his hand. During this time, Luo Zheng had alarmed a few sinister people.
Luo Zheng killed a few sinister people. The rest of the sinister people dispersed, and no one dared to sneak up on him again.
After half a day, Luo Zheng had already traveled thousands of miles into the Eternal Wasteland.
Just as Luo Zheng was excitedly collecting the desolate bones, he suddenly heard a shocking wail!
This wail contained an extremely powerful force. As the sound spread, it lifted up countless skeletons on the ground, forming a wave of bones that pushed forward like a tsunami.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the wail and saw a gigantic bone shadow tens of thousands of miles away!
He was immediately alarmed.

Chapter 2118
Not long after the giant skeleton let out a wail, another giant appeared next to it.
"It's a humanized giant!" Even from tens of thousands of miles away, Luo Zheng could see it clearly. "This giant suddenly appeared … Could it be that it used the power of the Rage God to suddenly become so huge?"
Little Yun had also told Luo Zheng that although she had cultivated to the level of Rage God, she belonged to the lowest level of Rage God and could only transform to a height of 200 feet.
In this world, the truly powerful Rage Gods could transform to a height of hundreds of miles, or even thousands of miles …
One Li was about two thousand feet high …
A giant that was thousands of miles tall, how huge was it? How much power did such a huge giant possess?
Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine.
Just like how Luo Zheng was standing in front of a giant that was thousands of miles tall, he was simply smaller than a speck of dust!
He never thought that after entering the Eternal Wasteland, he would actually see such an existence.
After the giant appeared, it began to fight with the skeleton …
Every time such a huge monster collided, a huge explosion would erupt. The shockwaves from the huge collision formed a huge storm that spread in all directions.
Skeletons of all sizes were also blown all over the Eternal Wasteland.
"Huff huff huff …"
Waves of cold wind blew over, those skeletons tumbled and swarmed towards Luo Zheng.
If an ordinary human was hit by these skeletons, even if they didn't die, they would most likely lose half their life.
Luo Zheng stood in place, allowing those skeletons to smash on his body. His eyes were still firmly fixed on the distance, observing the battle between the two huge monsters.
"Rumble … Rumble …"
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw that the giant skeleton was actually cut in half by the giant, and then it fell to the ground with a loud bang. The giant had finally obtained victory.
Immediately after, the giant disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
"It should have become smaller again," Luo Zheng muttered as he stood in the pile of skeletons. He was almost buried by the skeletons that were blown over.
His body twisted and he drilled out of the pile of skeletons, his face full of yearning.
Now, he had already introduced the Spirit Crow into his inner world. According to the method his mother had taught him, he would be able to increase his cultivation by constantly nurturing it.
It was only a matter of time before he became a Paragon.
However, he was only at the Great Perfection level. He might not be able to fight against those Saints.
Other than the Saints, he was even facing Nirvana Realm powerhouses.
If he could cultivate the power of the Rage God to the extreme, Luo Zheng's strength would increase exponentially … This was the power he was desperately searching for!
Luo Zheng did not stop and continued searching for desolate bones.
After the storm stirred up the Eternal Desolate Plains, it seemed like the desolate bones deep underground had been dug up. Luo Zheng suddenly realized that searching for desolate bones had become much easier.
"There are three desolate bones up ahead …"
"There are actually six desolate bones at a depth of twenty feet!"
"There's only one piece …"
Luo Zheng was like a diligent little bee, shuttling back and forth among these skeletons, searching.
In the process of searching for desolate bones, he would occasionally bump into other people passing by …
These people's auras were very similar to Xiao Yun's, but they were much stronger than Xiao Yun. They should also be Rage Gods.
However, they only glanced at Luo Zheng with a surprised expression. They ignored Luo Zheng and immediately left …
In half a day's time, he had accumulated more than eighty desolate bones! Furthermore, nearly half of the desolate bones were the bigger ones.
"Sou!"
He once again flew dozens of miles away and continued to use his soul power to cover the area with his Divine Sense.
Everything that was covered by his Divine Sense turned into grayish-white images that were projected into his mind.
"Eh!"
This time, Luo Zheng discovered that seven miles in front of him, there was a triangular bone that was about the height of a person. And this triangular bone was emitting a rich power of the Rage God!
"Such a big desolate bone?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
He was still not in the core of the Eternal Wasteland. Only the Heavens knew how big the Eternal Wasteland was.
For safety's sake, Luo Zheng did not plan on going too deep. If he were to encounter a gigantic skeleton that was thousands of miles tall, even with Luo Zheng's current strength, it would be difficult for him to survive.
And this region had been searched countless years ago by countless people. Hence, there were only small pieces of desolate bones left. Luo Zheng had searched for so long, but this was the first time he had found such a huge desolate bone!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly appeared as he stared at the ground.
"It's a thousand feet below me …"
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng looked down and suddenly jumped down, drilling into the layers of bones.
After drilling to the bottom, Luo Zheng's hands suddenly clasped together, grabbing onto a desolate bone that was about the height of a person. However, he did not manage to lift it up. The weight of the desolate bone had far exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations!
"It's so heavy!"
The nine stars in Luo Zheng's body rotated slightly. The strength in his arms burst out as he dragged the desolate bone out.
After reaching the surface, Luo Zheng saw the true appearance of the desolate bone.
"It's actually a blood-red desolate bone …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
This triangular desolate bone should be a scapula. However, it was different from the white jade-like bones. This desolate bone emitted a blood-red glow, and the power of the Rage God was extremely rich.
"I wonder how much of a normal desolate bone this desolate bone is worth …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of joy. He was about to use his spatial ring to store the desolate bone.
At this moment, he suddenly heard the sound of wind whistling in his ears. When he turned his head to look, he saw four figures rushing over in the air.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows frowned slightly as he knew something was wrong.
The spatial ring on his hand flashed slightly, and the desolate bone that was about the height of a person disappeared into it.
"Sou Sou Sou …"
The four figures shot through the air, and in a blink of an eye, they stood in front of Luo Zheng.
The leader was a skinny young man with a pale face. Behind the young man was a young girl in a bright red robe. The other two people were dressed as guards.
"Little Senior Brother, I clearly saw a huge piece of blood-red desolate bone just now, but it disappeared in a blink of an eye!" The red-robed girl said.
The youth's gaze immediately landed on the spatial ring on Luo Zheng's hand. "What's there to say? This guy must have hidden it!"
After the youth said that, he sized up Luo Zheng. His eyes revealed a look of disdain as he said, "No matter who you are, the desolate bones dug up in this area belong to our Canglan Sect. Hand them over!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. He could meet such a person anywhere, even in the depths of the Chaos …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and replied with a calm expression, "The bones in the Eternal Desolate Plains are ownerless. Naturally, they belong to whoever finds them. Why should I hand them over?"

Chapter 2119
The girl in the bright red robe blinked her eyes and said, "Hey, you better hand over the Blood Desolate Bone obediently. My little senior brother is kind-hearted and will spare your life!"
The young man and the young man could tell that Luo Zheng was a True God and not a Desolate God.
In this world, True Gods were not the mainstream. Some Desolate Gods would open up their inner world to cultivate in order to obtain certain divine powers. However, their main goal was still to cultivate as a Desolate God. All other means were just supplementary.
It was extremely rare to see someone like Luo Zheng who cultivated as a True God.
Luo Zheng's cultivation level and strength was naturally not something they placed in their eyes.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He was still maintaining his self-control.
In this unfamiliar environment, he tried his best not to cause any trouble.
Following that, he smiled slightly. Suddenly, he exerted strength in his legs and his body suddenly shot backwards!
"Whew!"
With such a rapid retreat, Luo Zheng was like a nimble bird. He flew at high speed in the Eternal Wasteland.
The girl and the young man clearly did not expect Luo Zheng to dare to escape. The four of them were stunned. The young man's face immediately revealed a tinge of hostility, "A nameless nobody dares to escape in front of me. What a joke …"
"Hu hu …"
The young man's body emitted a bright yellow glow. His body suddenly expanded!
A hundred feet …
A hundred feet …
In a blink of an eye, he had transformed into a five hundred feet tall giant. He charged straight at Luo Zheng.
Although the young man had become so huge, he was still very agile. His speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's!
The girl looked in the direction that Luo Zheng had fled in and sighed helplessly, "This guy is really stupid. If he had obediently handed over the Desolate Bone, he could still have kept his life. Now that he has angered little senior brother, how can he still live?"
Following that, the girl also flew up. The two guards behind her also followed …
With one chasing and the other rushing, the two of them were extremely fast. In a blink of an eye, they had traversed over a hundred miles.
The young man behind him emitted a powerful aura. When the Yin people crawling on the ground felt this aura, their faces all revealed a look of fear. Almost instinctively, they fled in all directions.
"Even with such a huge body, its speed is still so fast …" Luo Zheng frowned. To his surprise, he didn't get rid of this guy.
Not only that, the distance between the two of them was getting closer and closer.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was still able to shake off the young man by more than ten miles. But now, the young man had quietly arrived behind Luo Zheng.
"If you run, you'll die anyway. What's the point?"
The young man's cold voice sounded. He flipped his palm and slapped down on Luo Zheng's head.
This young man was several hundred feet tall. Compared to him, Luo Zheng was as small as a mosquito. How could Luo Zheng escape from this slap?
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. His eyes finally flashed with a strong killing intent.
His forbearance was only to avoid trouble, but it did not mean that he was afraid of the other party!
His body flipped in the air and the Shadow Bearing Sword was unsheathed!
"Whoosh!"
Accompanied by the crisp sound of the sword, a slender sword was slashed.
A slender sword-light shot out. This sword-light was suffused with a faint cyan light, elongating into a crescent moon shape.
The young man didn't take this sword light seriously at all …
In this Desolate God's world, the only way to survive was to have a strong physical body. In his eyes, the attack of a True God was laughable. Even though he sensed that the sword light was somewhat extraordinary, he wasn't vigilant enough.
A single slap was enough to shatter the sword light. If that wasn't enough, then two slaps would be enough.
But this time, the young man realized that he was wrong.
When his palm came into contact with the sword light, he suddenly felt a shocking pain.
His huge hand was like tofu under the sword light. A huge crack appeared in the middle of his palm. Half of his hand was directly chopped off and heavily fell to the ground!
"This is …" The young man almost couldn't believe his eyes.
This guy, who was as small as a mosquito in front of him, could actually slash out with such a terrifying sword?
Taking advantage of the young man's momentary daze, Luo Zheng charged into the sky.
Previously, Luo Zheng didn't want to start a fight, which was why he had fled. Now that he had made a move, he naturally wouldn't let this person go.
Even if Luo Zheng wanted to let him go, the other party would think that he was afraid of the enemy and pursue him relentlessly!
Luo Zheng flew up along the young man's three hundred meter long arm. In the blink of an eye, he had already climbed to a height of four hundred meters.
The emotions in his eyes disappeared without a trace. The Shadow Bearing Sword in his hand emitted a faint green light. An indescribable might crazily condensed.
"Dao Fusion Sword! Die! "
His body turned, and the Dao Fusion energy that had been brewing in his internal world for a long time exploded.
Luo Zheng's cultivation had greatly increased. He was now an Upper True God. Now that he had the Shadow Bearing Sword, he was much stronger than when he was in the Land of the Dao Battle.
The green crescent-shaped sword light shot out. This attack was more than a hundred times stronger than Luo Zheng's first attack. Its speed was so fast that it was impossible for anyone to react …
While the young man was still in a daze, the crescent-shaped sword light had already silently slashed across his neck.
The young man stared blankly at Luo Zheng. His huge body stood motionless in place …
Soon, his head, which was comparable to a mountain, slid to the side and rolled off his neck.
"Boom!"
It fiercely smashed into the ground, creating a large crater.
The huge body swayed back and forth for a moment before it fell to the ground as well.
Luo Zheng hovered in the air, his chest rising and falling as he panted.
Killing this guy was easier than he had imagined …
Desolate Gods seemed to be easier to kill than True Gods because all of their vitality came from their physical bodies.
If a True God had their neck severed, it wouldn't be a fatal injury.
To a True God, the truly fatal injury would be the destruction of their soul and the shattering of their dantian. Desolate Gods relied heavily on their physical bodies, so they would die after their necks were severed!
"Ah!"
At this moment, a scream came from the distance. This scream came from the red-robed girl.
The girl and the two guards had overestimated the young man's strength, so they only followed behind him slowly. In their opinion, the young man could kill Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. Luo Zheng couldn't have escaped far.
They never expected that the young man's body would suddenly tremble and his head would be separated from his body.
They didn't even see how the young man's neck was severed …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Dense Desolate God power escaped from the young man's huge body. At the same time, the young man's corpse began to shrink. In a few breaths of time, it returned to the size of a normal person.
"You, you, you …" The girl stared at Luo Zheng in fear, her face filled with disbelief.

Chapter 2120
Luo Zheng's expression was surprisingly calm. He lightly swung the Chengying Sword and said indifferently, "Who he is, what does it have to do with me? I only know that he's courting death! "
"You …"
The red-robed girl clenched her teeth. She didn't expect to meet a guy who wasn't afraid of anything.
"I think you're the one courting death!"
One of the two guards who followed closely behind shouted sternly.
When they saw the young man killed, their expressions were extremely unsightly.
The Eternal Wasteland was boundless, and the Canglan Sect was the overlord of this region.
The young man killed by Luo Zheng was the most talented disciple of the Canglan Sect in the last hundred years. Not long ago, he had been accepted as a personal disciple by the Sect Master. Now, he had actually died on a trip outside …
Thinking of the Sect Master's cruel and tyrannical personality, how could the two guards report back?
"Huhuhu …"
The two guards' bodies flickered with a faint yellow light, and their bodies began to expand.
These two guards were slightly stronger than the young man, and their bodies were about five hundred feet tall.
In the blink of an eye, two men as tall as mountains appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"Don't kill him. He killed Little Senior Brother. When we return to the Sect, we'll definitely be punished. If we capture him, we can share Master's anger," the red-robed girl said coldly.
She was also a personal disciple of the Canglan Sect's Sect Master, so she was qualified to call the young man Little Senior Brother. Her talent was also very high, but her cultivation was much weaker than the young man's.
When the two guards heard this, they also felt that the red-robed girl's words were reasonable. One of the guards stared at Luo Zheng and shouted coldly, "Boy, I advise you to obediently surrender. Don't make any unnecessary resistance, or else you'll be tortured!"
In their opinion, Luo Zheng's sword technique was indeed strange, and its power was simply unreasonable.
However, the young man just died under Luo Zheng's sword because he underestimated the enemy. Now that the two of them were going all out, Luo Zheng had no chance of winning.
"Surrender without resistance?" The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth rose slightly, and he gently raised the Chengying Sword in his hand. "Do you think that's possible?"
"Don't waste words with him. Cripple him," one of the guards said.
The two giants no longer hesitated. One on the left and the other on the right, they were like two huge mountains that surrounded Luo Zheng.
The red-robed girl stared at Luo Zheng. From the beginning to the end, she didn't find the slightest bit of panic on Luo Zheng's face. He was very calm. Naturally, she didn't know where his confidence came from. Or did he have something special to rely on?
When the two huge guards rushed towards Luo Zheng, the surface of the Chengying Sword in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly flickered with two alternating lusters.
One was green while the other was grey. This was the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought!
Although Luo Zheng hadn't completely grasped A Thought of Good and Evil, Luo Zheng had fused with the sword soul of the Shadow Bearing Sword. The two had become one, and Luo Zheng naturally comprehended the divine ability within.
"Good and Evil Frenzy!"
This was a soul attack formed by the Shadow Bearing Sword.
"Buzz buzz …"
The two guards immediately felt as if their brains had been struck by a heavy hammer. The good and evil thoughts in their souls were stimulated at the same time. At this moment, their thoughts were incomparably chaotic. Their eyes were filled with confusion and bewilderment.
In a confrontation of this level, a moment of distraction was enough to determine the outcome!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a swallow flying through the air. The green light on the longsword in his hand suddenly increased. Two crescent-like sword lights shot out from both sides.
"Pu, pu!"
Two muffled sounds were heard.
A thin mark appeared on the necks of the two guards at the same time. Their huge heads immediately fell from their necks.
Even after their deaths, the two pairs of huge eyes still had blank expressions. Their souls were still in a state of chaos.
"Hua hua hua …"
Then the power of the Rage God in their bodies began to wildly dissipate. Their bodies quickly shrank and returned to the size of a normal person.
Luo Zheng held the Chengying Sword in his hand and glanced at the red-robed girl indifferently.
The red-robed girl floated in the air and stared blankly at the headless corpses of the two guards. For a moment, she didn't react.
Little Senior Brother and the two guards had become dead people in a short period of time …
And the opponent was only a True God …
Didn't people who cultivated to the True God Realm have average strength?
At least in the Canglan Sect, very few people chose to cultivate to the True God Realm. Only a few geniuses would try to open up the Inner World. That was only a supplementary method.
How could this guy be so strong?
Luo Zheng's performance had completely subverted her understanding of common sense!
Only now did she understand why Luo Zheng had been so calm and collected.
Until Luo Zheng glanced at her. She couldn't help but shiver. Now she was the only one left!
Her strength was far inferior to Little Senior Brother's and the two guards'. Would this person let her leave safely?
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure floated over. The Shadow Bearing Sword in his hand was pointed between the red-robed girl's eyebrows.
No matter which power these four people came from, only by killing them would he be able to prevent any future troubles.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person. This girl had only helped the youth to ridicule him and hadn't attacked him. Therefore, Luo Zheng was somewhat hesitant. He needed a reason to kill this girl. He asked indifferently, "You don't plan to resist?"
Looking at Luo Zheng's indifferent expression, the red-robed girl clenched her teeth and suddenly raised her head. She stuck out her chest and stubbornly stared at Luo Zheng.
The Shadow Bearing Sword's sharp edge had already cut her forehead.
Looking at the fresh blood flowing down her beautiful face, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of helplessness.
The Shadow Bearing Sword in his hand spun and was stored in his spatial ring. His figure flipped in the air and flew towards the side of the Eternal Wasteland.
After the red-robed girl saw Luo Zheng's figure completely disappear, she let out a sigh of relief. She slowly descended from the sky and knelt on the ground. Her entire body was limp and powerless. She had just walked through the gates of hell.
Letting that red-robed girl go could be considered as burying a large hidden danger for himself. However, Luo Zheng found it difficult to go against his own principles.
However, the Eternal Wasteland was so vast. No matter how powerful that lousy sect was, it was still a small matter for them to find him. Moreover, he might not stay in that village forever …
…
…
In the tribe, Fu Chu was studying the cultivation technique Luo Zheng had given him.
This cultivation technique was taken by Luo Zheng from the Immortal Mansion's library. It could be considered an extremely unique ability.
Fu Chu was very unwilling at first. After all, it was Sister Xiao Yun's idea to make him cultivate …
However, with his eight extraordinary meridians sealed, he couldn't cultivate the Rage God. It seemed that this was the only path he could take. With the thought that it was better than nothing, he studied it for a while.
He didn't expect that after just a few glances, he would be attracted by this cultivation technique.
The cultivation techniques in the Domain of the Gods could be considered to have been inherited from Chiyou. In the Primal Chaos, cultivating the True God was also the mainstream. However, at the bottom of the Primal Chaos, because of the existence of the "desolate bones", it had fallen into decline …
The cultivation technique Luo Zheng took out was personally created by Gu Bei. Naturally, it was the essence of the essence.

Chapter 2121
"Sis, who do you think that guy is!?" Fu Chu asked curiously as he held the scroll in his hand.
Little Yun pondered for a moment before lightly saying, "He doesn't seem to be from our world."
"Not from our world?" Fu Chu revealed a strange look. "Are there other worlds?"
Little Yun looked up at the sky outside the straw hut. "Of course there are. It is said that our ancestors came from deep space, in an extremely high place. That place is called the Mother World … And we are a group of people that were exiled by that world. We are their descendants …"
Looking at the sky from her angle, there were only patches of brown clouds that were so thick that they could not be dispersed. Those were balls of Chaotic Qi.
"He's from the Mother World?" Fu Chu's eyes flashed with a strange luster.
Little Yun smiled. "I'm just guessing! Cultivate well … Look at Luo Zheng. He has such powerful means even though he is a True God. In the future, if you have the chance to return to the main family, you might be able to prove yourself as a True God. "
Fu Chu curled his lips and continued studying the scroll in his hand. Some of the methods recorded in it made him eager to try them out. He wanted to open up a Divine Sea that belonged to him.
At this moment, a sound came from outside the straw hut. The siblings looked over and saw Luo Zheng.
"You're back." Little Yun revealed a gentle smile.
"How's the harvest? Did you not get a single desolate bone? " Fu Chu revealed a look of dissatisfaction. Although he was not a Rage God, he had rich experience in determining the location of desolate bones. From his point of view, Luo Zheng would probably return empty-handed after entering the Eternal Wastelands.
Noticing Fu Chu's expression, Luo Zheng did not say a word and stepped into the straw hut.
"The appearance of desolate bones is similar to ordinary bones. It is indeed difficult to find. Hundreds of people in the tribe can only find a few pieces a month by luck. Actually, there's no need to rush." Little Yun said unhurriedly.
"I already said that if you bring me along, we won't end up empty-handed." Fu Chu curled his lips.
After Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged, he smiled at the siblings and reached out his hand.
A row of desolate bones neatly appeared in front of him!
Upon seeing the desolate bones, Xiao Yun and Fu Chu were stunned.
Especially Fu Chu. He widened his eyes and stared at Luo Zheng before staring at the desolate bones. "One, two, three, four … twelve pieces! And three of them are especially big! "
Previously, Fu Chu had risked his life to find three desolate bones, and he had nearly died in the Eternal Desolate Plains. He never expected Luo Zheng to find so many desolate bones in a day. This was something he could not accept.
Even Xiaoyun, who was usually calm, was looking at the desolate bones with envy.
Although the tribe received a few pieces of desolate bones every month, they were still the entire tribe's property. Little Yun could not use them for herself, as she was always in need of desolate bones.
This time, Fu Chu had risked his life to get her two desolate bones. Although Xiao Yun had scolded Fu Chu, she was still very happy. It was too precious to her.
Just as the siblings stared with widened eyes, Luo Zheng extended his hand and gently swiped again. Another twelve desolate bones were lined up in front of them.
"…"
"…"
Xiaoyun and Fu Chu stared blankly.
However, they saw Luo Zheng's hand move again. Another twelve desolate bones appeared.
With Luo Zheng's repeated swipes of his hand, rows of desolate bones were laid out in front of the siblings …
Xiaoyun and Fu Chu were surprised and incredulous at first, but towards the end, they were numb!
"This, this … There are a total of 89 pieces." Xiaoyun looked at the desolate bones in a daze. The power of the Rage God exuded from the desolate bones was extremely attractive to her.
Fu Chu also looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. "Did you search the entire Eternal Desolate Plains?"
After all, the area they were in was the most barren area in the Eternal Desolate Plains. The bones had been turned over and sifted countless times by countless people, so the number of desolate bones was extremely rare.
To the powerful Rage Gods, this area was not worth their effort to search for desolate bones. Eventually, it was the tribe's turn to scavenge …
Occasionally, they would be lucky enough to find one or two desolate bones.
However, Luo Zheng was able to find nearly a hundred desolate bones in a day. This was completely unbelievable!
If the large sects were to know of this, they would probably reclaim this area.
"How did you do it?" Xiaoyun's shock only lasted for a short period of time.
She was not a girl who had never seen the world.
If she had not been stranded here, even if there were tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of desolate bones, she would not be moved, much less a hundred desolate bones. To the truly powerful Rage Gods, it was indeed nothing.
However, to find so many desolate bones in this barren land was another matter altogether.
"Luck," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Fu Chu rolled his eyes. "Only an idiot would believe in luck!"
Finding two or three desolate bones, or even seven or eight, could be attributed to luck. Eighty-nine desolate bones could also be attributed to luck. Even a child could not be coaxed.
Luo Zheng did not continue explaining. He gently pushed twelve desolate bones in front of Xiaoyun. "These desolate bones are for you. You also need to cultivate."
Although Luo Zheng also needed desolate bones to cultivate, these desolate bones were not difficult to obtain. He had just arrived here and had a temporary home, so he was willing to share it with Xiaoyun.
"These … all belong to me?" Xiaoyun's face turned excited.
She indeed needed the desolate bones to break through her bottleneck, but she knew the value of the desolate bones.
Luo Zheng had obtained so many desolate bones. She was already very satisfied with sharing two or three desolate bones. Seeing Luo Zheng push twelve desolate bones in front of her without any hesitation, she felt guilty, but she could not bear to reject it.
Fu Chu had originally planned on giving Luo Zheng a few more desolate bones to his sister, but seeing Luo Zheng being so generous, he was too embarrassed to continue.
"Yes, but there's still one more desolate bone that I would like to consult you on," Luo Zheng said.
Xiaoyun was somewhat puzzled and immediately asked, "There's still one more desolate bone?"
Luo Zheng's spatial ring flashed once again. With a "Dong" sound, a triangular desolate bone about the height of a person fell to the ground, causing the entire straw hut to tremble.
What appeared in front of them was the blood-colored desolate bone.
This time, Xiaoyun stared at the huge blood-colored desolate bone in a daze. She was completely dumbfounded.
After being stunned for a full four to five breaths, she came back to her senses and urged, "Quick, quickly put it away!"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng was somewhat puzzled, but he still kept the blood-colored desolate bone in his spatial ring.
Xiaoyun walked to the straw hut's door and vigilantly looked outside. After locking the straw hut's door, she said, "If this desolate bone is seen by others, it will be troublesome …"

Chapter 2122
Xiao Yun widened her eyes as she sized up the blood-colored desolate bone.
She slowly walked closer and stretched out her jade-like hands to gently stroke the surface of the desolate bone.
Luo Zheng did not say a word as he watched Xiao Yun's actions. From the looks of it, Xiao Yun was planning on drawing out the power of the Rage God from the blood-colored desolate bone …
As Xiao Yun continued to stroke it, her finger gently pressed against the surface of the blood-colored desolate bone.
"Si Si …"
A wisp of blood-red power of the Rage God constantly swirled around her fingertip.
"What a violent power of the Rage God." Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
A typical desolate bone's power of the Rage God did not have any special emotions. It was just a strange energy.
However, this blood-colored power of the Rage God contained a violent aura, as if this energy would explode at any moment.
Xiao Yun revealed a matter-of-fact expression as she smiled. Following that, she confined the wisp of Rage God's power between her hands, allowing it to settle.
The power of the Rage God was like a drop of ink in clear water, transforming into an unbelievable shape.
Finally, the power of the Rage God finally settled down, transforming into a blood-colored wolf shadow. The wolf's mouth was wide open, revealing a ferocious look. It emitted an intense violent aura …
"What kind of creature is this?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
Xiao Yun gently exhaled and said with a smile, "As expected, it's the Spirit Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone!"
"Spirit Fiend Wolf God?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yea!" Xiao Yun looked at the small blood-colored desolate bone in her hand as her eyes sparkled, "I never expected that I would be able to dig out a bloodline desolate bone in this barren area. Furthermore, it's such a large piece! On the bloodline heritage roll, the Spirit Fiend Wolf God is ranked 61st. It's also a very powerful bloodline. "
Back then, Little Yun had dug out two desolate bones that contained the Chiyou bloodline. They were only the size of an egg, but because the desolate bones contained the bloodline, their value was a hundred times higher than ordinary desolate bones!
"According to what I know, there is a large family clan in the north-leaning bone pagoda. They have passed down the bloodline of the Spirit Fiend Wolf God for generations. They crave for the Spirit Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone. You might not be able to absorb this bloodline desolate bone, but if you sell this desolate bone, you can at least exchange it for fifty desolate bones of this size!" Little Yun's voice was trembling. It was obvious that she was trying her best to calm her excitement.
Fifty pieces of desolate bones that were the height of a person was a shocking amount of wealth.
"This desolate bone … is it really impossible for me to refine and absorb it?" Luo Zheng asked.
He had heard from Little Yun that desolate bones of different bloodlines could not be casually refined unless one had the same bloodline.
Hearing this, Xiao Yun smiled, "You can try."
Luo Zheng naturally did not believe it. Compared to selling the desolate bone, he was more inclined to absorb it himself.
Hence, he stretched out his hand and gently stroked the surface of the blood-colored desolate bone. Using the Dripping Spring technique that Little Yun had taught him, he extracted the power of the Rage God from within.
"Si Si …"
After a while, a blood-colored power of the Rage God slowly surged out.
Seeing the violent power of the Rage God, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently guided it. He never expected that the power of the Rage God seemed to have its own consciousness and refused to submit!
However, the consciousness of the power of the Rage God was too weak. How could it resist Luo Zheng?
After Luo Zheng strengthened his perception, he finally forced it into his body …
The blood-colored power of the Rage God had indeed seeped into his body, but Luo Zheng quickly discovered something amiss.
Normal power of the Rage God did not have any resistance with his body and would instantly merge into it. However, this blood-colored power of the Rage God was constantly repelling his body, preventing it from merging!
After trying a few times, Luo Zheng had no choice but to retract his perception.
Following that, the wisp of power of the Rage God dissipated from his body …
"Indeed, I can't absorb it." Luo Zheng's face revealed a wry smile.
Little Yun smiled faintly, as if she was used to it, "Of course. In this world, bloodline is the greatest advantage. Those large factions that occupy the bone pagodas all have extremely powerful bloodlines! They are born with nobility. It is not something that you … and I can compare with. "
From Little Yun's point of view, Luo Zheng's True God cultivation strength was ridiculously strong. However, compared to the true experts of this world, it was still not enough.
Luo Zheng did not mind, "If that's the case, this blood-colored desolate bone can only be used to exchange for normal desolate bones."
Only with a sufficient amount of desolate bones could he quickly cultivate into a Rage God and increase his strength.
After keeping the blood-colored desolate bone, Luo Zheng asked again, "Right, what is the bloodline heritage list that you mentioned just now?"
Little Yun was already used to Luo Zheng's "ignorance". She explained, "This bloodline heritage list is a ranking created by the large factions that occupy the bone pagodas. It is a list that is ranked according to the strength of the bloodline."
Upon hearing this, Luo Zheng's mind stirred slightly. He asked, "I wonder what the Chiyou bloodline is ranked on this bloodline heritage list?"
Just as his mother said, Chiyou was a top expert in the Mother World, and the Li Min was once one of the few large factions.
The desolate bones at the bottom of the Chaos seemed to have descended from the Mother World. Luo Zheng naturally wanted to know the ranking of the Chiyou bloodline.
"Third," Little Yun answered without hesitation.
"Third …"
"Yes." Xiao Yun said, "The Chiyou bloodline is also an extremely powerful bloodline. In fact, it's not much different from the second-ranked Xuanyuan bloodline. These two great bloodline inheritances have been fighting with each other for countless years."
"Xuanyuan!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He knew that the Li Min's enemy was the Xuanyuan clan, and that was why they had the Celestial Realm ship.
He did not expect that the conflict between the bloodlines of these two clans would extend to the bottom of the Chaos, this desolate land full of bones …
"Then what is the bloodline ranked first on the bloodline heritage list?" Luo Zheng asked again.
What could be an existence that surpassed Xuanyuan and Chiyou?
"The Nuwa bloodline." Little Yun smiled faintly.
"The Nuwa bloodline …"
Luo Zheng silently memorized it.
He did not know much about the Mother World, but here, he could indirectly obtain some information.
However, Luo Zheng had never heard of the Nuwa clan from his mother. Could it be a large clan in the Mother World?
He even thought of the "Shadow of Nuwa" that Luo Yan had summoned. He heard from his mother that Luo Yan's bloodline was different from his. Could it be that Luo Yan had the Nuwa bloodline?
These were just preliminary guesses.
After understanding enough, Luo Zheng did not ask any more questions. He sat down cross-legged and used the Draining Spring Technique that Little Yun had taught him. He extracted the power of the Rage God from the desolate bones and integrated it into his body.
Just like before, the power of the Rage God did not escape after it entered Luo Zheng's body!

Chapter 2123
In a night's time …
Luo Zheng had refined all seventy-seven desolate bones.
As his Leakless True Body did not emit any of the Rage God's power, his efficiency was more than three times that of Little Yun's.
The Rage God's power permeated every part of Luo Zheng's body. This growth gave Luo Zheng a very direct feeling!
Early the next morning, Luo Zheng left the straw hut. With a thought, he stimulated the Rage God's power in his body.
"Phew … Phew … Phew …"
His fleshly body instantly expanded!
Luo Zheng was originally eight feet tall, but in a blink of an eye, he became thirty feet tall!
Compared to Little Yun and the youths in the Eternal Wasteland, he was naturally far inferior.
However, the growth that Luo Zheng received from refining the desolate bones was very direct.
Luo Zheng stood in his original spot and sized up his hands. The straw hut in front of him only reached his knees …
"This Rage God's power … is very powerful!"
His eyes faintly revealed a look of excitement. This brand new body-tempering technique was very compatible with his body.
If he were to absorb enough Rage God's power, he would be able to transform into a giant that was hundreds of feet tall. How strong would he become?
Luo Zheng was looking forward to the arrival of this day.
In just a few days, he had cultivated to such a level. This rascal was really …
At the straw hut's entrance, Little Yun observed Luo Zheng with a complicated look. She had another plan in mind, but she knew that she could not reveal it at this moment.
Although Luo Zheng was generous, he would not risk his life for her and Fu Chu, unless she could really help him. If he was really trustworthy, he might be able to reveal the secret.
…
…
For the past few days, Fu Chu had been studying the scroll that Luo Zheng had given him.
Whenever he encountered a problem that he did not understand, Fu Chu would consult Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng did not spend most of his time in the tribe. Instead, he would head to the Eternal Wasteland to continue searching for desolate bones.
Luo Zheng's method of searching for desolate bones was very efficient. As long as he released his spiritual perception, he would be able to see everything in a radius of tens of miles. The desolate bones that were hidden within could not escape.
But his luck soon ran out.
After all, no matter how efficient it was, the desolate bones in the Eternal Desolate Plains were limited, especially in this barren land.
After three consecutive days, Luo Zheng had only harvested seven or eight desolate bones.
For ordinary people, this was already a great harvest, but for Luo Zheng, it was still too little.
Hence, Luo Zheng decided to sell the blood-colored desolate bone.
Xiao Yun just asked Luo Zheng to wait.
Luo Zheng's blood-colored desolate bone was no trifling matter. If the large factions knew about it, they would definitely snatch it.
She suggested that Luo Zheng wait for the desolate bones buyers to come to the tribe before Luo Zheng would follow them to the nearest city and auction off the blood colored desolate bones.
Another two days passed ….
Luo Zheng saw three people in black robes flying towards him from the horizon. Without exception, all three of them were Aragami.
In a blink of an eye, the three of them landed on the square in the middle of the tribe. Following that, they walked towards Xiao Yun's straw hut.
"How many desolate bones have you harvested this month?" One of them shouted loudly. His voice immediately spread to every corner of the tribe.
Generations of the Black Iron tribe had made a living by harvesting desolate bones. Only desolate bones could be exchanged for necessities.
Hearing this voice, the strong youths of the tribe walked out of their straw huts and gathered around.
The desolate bones that they had harvested were all placed in Xiao Yun's hands, but they would also supervise and prevent Xiao Yun from embezzling the desolate bones that belonged to the tribe.
Xiao Yun also left her straw hut and said to the leader, "Brother Ji, we have harvested a total of 23 desolate bones this month."
"Only twenty-three?" Brother Ji showed a hint of disdain.
Every month, they had to come to this godforsaken place to purchase desolate bones. These tribes were so poor that it made one's hair stand on end. In a month, they could only accumulate tens or even a few desolate bones. It was not worth the trip.
"The number of desolate bones in this region is decreasing. Our tribe is also unable to go deep into the Eternal Wastelands. This amount is already the result of our hard work," Xiao Yun replied.
The other person among the three smiled faintly and said, "Forget it, Brother Ji. Do you expect them to be lucky enough to dig out hundreds or thousands of desolate bones in this crappy place? Quickly collect the desolate bones. We still have to rush back before it gets dark! "
"Hmph!" Brother Ji coldly snorted, "If there are only about 20 desolate bones next month, then don't make us personally make the trip!"
Xiao Yun could only helplessly smile before handing the desolate bones in her hands to Brother Ji.
Brother Ji threw out a large bag and coldly said, "This is your reward."
Following that, the three of them planned to leave.
At this moment, Xiao Yun suddenly said, "Brother Ji, hold on."
When the leader heard this, he frowned and asked, "What's the matter?"
"My friend has an item that he wants to entrust to your merchant group's auction house. Can my friend go with you and recommend it?" Xiao Yun asked.
"Auction?" Brother Ji was slightly surprised. Typically, items that were qualified to be auctioned were extremely rare treasures. What was there that was worth auctioning in such a remote place?
Brother Ji said with a sullen face, "What crappy item is it that requires our merchant group to auction it?"
Xiao Yun pursed her lips and immediately said, "I can't say for now. I'll just have to trouble Brother Ji to bring my friend back."
With that said, Xiao Yun pointed at Luo Zheng in front of the straw hut.
The Evil Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone was too valuable.
If these people knew that Luo Zheng had a bloodline desolate bone in his hands, they would definitely not allow this desolate bone to enter the auction house. They would probably kill him on the spot, or even wipe out the entire tribe …
Brother Ji glanced at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng had absorbed quite a number of desolate bones, and was faintly releasing the power of the Rage God.
However, he had only cultivated for a short period of time, and the number of desolate bones he had absorbed was not enough. Naturally, he was not worthy of Brother Ji's attention. Now, Brother Ji was extremely impatient, "I don't have the time!"
With that said, Brother Ji was about to fly away.
However, Xiao Yun quickly walked forward and suddenly stuffed three desolate bones into Brother Ji's hands. She said with a smile, "It's just a small token of my appreciation. I'll have to trouble Brother Ji!"
The three desolate bones were excavated by Luo Zheng, so the people in the tribe naturally did not say anything.
Brother Ji looked at the desolate bones in his hand and revealed a strange expression. He could not figure out what good item this kid had that was worth Xiao Yun using three desolate bones to bribe him.
However, three desolate bones as a reward was already not bad. Furthermore, Brother Ji was only recommending Luo Zheng to his merchant group's auction house. It was a trivial matter.
Hence, Brother Ji smiled at Luo Zheng, "Kid, keep up!"

Chapter 2124
Brother Ji and his group flew up at an extremely fast speed.
"Brother Ji, can that kid keep up?" One of them asked.
Brother Ji, who was at the front, smiled faintly and said, "Whether he can keep up or not will depend on his own ability."
Trying to bribe him with three pieces of desolate bones? That was too cheap. Hence, Brother Ji had never thought of doing things properly. Wouldn't it be better to just leave that kid behind?
"Huff … Huff …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Brother Ji deliberately increased his speed. The other two followed closely behind him.
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng had been following behind at a leisurely pace.
When he saw the people in front of him suddenly increasing their speed, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. Naturally, he also increased his speed.
Brother Ji glanced at Luo Zheng behind him faintly. His eyes revealed a trace of astonishment.
That kid was still following behind him for more than thirty meters. He actually did not fall behind.
"Brother Ji, that guy's speed is not slow …"
"Looking at him, he seems to be a beginner Aragami?"
"I think he has the cultivation level of a True God. Moreover, it's not low. That's strange."
The two of them muttered.
Brother Ji chuckled and said, "Who cares what he is. Both of you, keep up!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the power of the Aragami flashed out from Brother Ji's body. His aura became stronger. "Whoosh" He suddenly turned into a graceful swan and shot forward at an even higher speed.
The two behind him looked at each other. They could only activate their own power of the Aragami. Even if they wanted to keep up with Brother Ji, they had to give it their all.
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, his expression was indifferent.
The Chaotic Qi in his body circulated slightly and once again caught up with their speed …
They sprinted for the time it took for an incense stick to burn. Brother Ji, who was at the front, thought that he should have left them behind this time, right? When he turned his head again, his eyeballs suddenly widened.
Luo Zheng was still following closely behind them. He still maintained a distance of thirty meters. Even his expression did not change.
"This guy …" Brother Ji was getting more energetic.
"Brother Ji, slow down …"
"I can't keep up!"
The two of them couldn't take it anymore. Even though their bodies had been nourished by the power of the Rage God and were much stronger than ordinary people, their cultivations were weaker than Brother Ji's. They had pushed their power of the Rage God to the limit and their bodies couldn't take it anymore. At this moment, they were out of breath.
Brother Ji was now arguing with Luo Zheng, so how could he possibly listen?
The power of the Rage God that burst out from his body had become even denser, and his speed had increased by another thirty percent. This was his limit!
Those two people really couldn't keep up, so they simply gave up …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly as he watched Brother Ji leave quickly. His body was as light as a swallow as he flew with the wind, increasing his speed by thirty percent.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng brushed past the two men and chased after Brother Ji.
"Huff huff huff …"
As he swept past, a gust of wind slapped the two men's faces. The two men could only stare at him in shock.
"That guy … can actually keep up with Brother Ji's full speed?"
"Is it possible for a True God to be so powerful?"
In the eyes of these Aragami, being a True God was not a proper occupation. They had never seen a powerful True God before. Therefore, Luo Zheng's speed had completely subverted their knowledge …
After about the time it took for three incense sticks to burn … Brother Ji could no longer hold on.
When he turned around to look, Luo Zheng was still maintaining a distance of a few hundred feet behind him. He was not in a hurry, and his face was calm.
Brother Ji finally gave up. He realized that it was impossible to get rid of Luo Zheng. He could only slow down.
At the same time, he was starting to admire Luo Zheng. After all, in Brother Ji's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a fledgling Aragami. However, his performance gave Brother Ji a feeling that he was unfathomable …
Along the way to the north, Luo Zheng saw large patches of grayish-brown soil.
Now, he knew that there were many areas at the bottom of the Chaos that were covered with skeletons. All the areas that were covered with skeletons were collectively known as the Eternal Wasteland.
The Eternal Wasteland was not suitable for living. For example, Little Yun's Wrapping Steel Tribe belonged to the lowest class. Only they would live at the edge of the Eternal Wasteland and scavenge desolate bones for a living …
But outside of the Eternal Wasteland, there were many cities.
This "Brother Ji" belonged to a deacon called the Falcon Caravan in Sand Heart City.
Little Yun told Luo Zheng that the Bloodline Desolate Bone could not be directly entrusted to the Falcon Caravan for auction.
The Falcon Caravan was just a small caravan. They did not have any credibility. If Luo Zheng directly took it out, the only outcome would be endless pursuit.
She told Luo Zheng to get the right to auction with the Falcon Caravan through this Brother Ji. She would never ask them for the real auction.
After about a day and a half, a huge pit suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It looked like a huge pit formed by quicksand. And in the middle of the quicksand pit, there was a city.
"It's no wonder it's called Sand Heart City …" Luo Zheng looked down and thought to himself.
After reaching the middle of the huge pit, under Brother Ji's lead, the four of them landed in front of the city gate.
"Luo Zheng, just follow me," Brother Ji said lightly.
Even though Sand Heart City was a remote city, its control was still very strict. There was a huge Sky Restriction outside the city. Anyone entering or exiting had to be checked.
After Brother Ji and the two people behind him showed their caravan nameplates, the guards at the gate let them pass.
However, when it was Luo Zheng's turn, one of the guards extended his spear and blocked Luo Zheng's chest. "Stop!"
"He is a guest of our caravan," Brother Ji said as he threw a light green nameplate to Luo Zheng. Every person who entered the city had to have a corresponding identity. When the guard saw the green nameplate, he let them pass.
After witnessing this scene, Luo Zheng understood why Xiao Yun wanted him to follow Brother Ji into the city. If he wanted to enter the city himself, he would probably have to go through a lot of trouble.
After arriving at Sand Heart City, Brother Ji led Luo Zheng straight to the Falcon Caravan.
After entering the Falcon Caravan's gate, Brother Ji communicated with the caravan people. Following that, an old man wearing a cloth on his head came out.
The old man sized up Luo Zheng and asked, "Young man, what do you want us to sell to the Falcon Caravan?"
Brother Ji and the rest also looked at Luo Zheng. They knew that Luo Zheng probably had something good to sell, but whether it was Xiao Yun or Luo Zheng, they were unwilling to reveal anything. Could it be some precious treasure?
"I want to sell this to your caravan," Luo Zheng said as he took out a large piece of desolate bone.
The desolate bone was about the size of a fist and was completely black.
When Brother Ji and the old man saw the desolate bone, their hearts skipped a beat.
Pure black bloodline desolate bones were ranked very high on the bloodline heritage list. One of them was the Heaven's Heart Rend bloodline, ranked 19th, while the other was the Extreme Yin Nether Glow bloodline, ranked 11th. The value of these two bloodline desolate bones was rather shocking.

Chapter 2125
Luo Zheng shook the black desolate bone and kept it in his Sumeru Ring. He smiled and said, "Can you give me an auction qualification?"
Although the Falcon Caravan also held small auctions, their influence was not as great as the auction house in Sand Heart City.
Some of the rarest treasures were auctioned in Sand Heart City's auction house, and Sand Heart City was directly under the large factions in the bone pagodas.
These large factions that occupied the bone pagodas were the creators of this world's order. Under normal circumstances, they would not covet Luo Zheng's bloodline desolate bone.
Hence, Luo Zheng only needed to obtain an auction qualification from the Falcon Caravan.
The old man's eyes revealed a look of doubt.
Although he had only taken a glance, he could sense the power of the Rage God emanating from the black desolate bone.
This old man was also an old member of the Falcon Caravan. It was not as if the old man had never seen the bloodline desolate bones of Heaven Heart Splitter and Extreme Yin Nether Glow. The aura they emitted was completely different from Luo Zheng's desolate bone.
However, the power of the Rage God in Luo Zheng's black desolate bone was indeed very special …
"Can you let me take a look at the black desolate bone again?" The old man asked.
"This … isn't very good, right?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a wary look.
Most people did not wish to reveal their treasures. The old man probably understood Luo Zheng's intentions. He chuckled and took out a white domino. On the domino, there was a lifelike falcon engraved on it.
"This is the auction qualification of our Falcon Caravan. With this domino, you can auction it in Sand Heart City's auction house." The old man handed the domino to Luo Zheng.
If one did not have a domino from a large caravan, it was not allowed to be auctioned. This was the rule.
After Luo Zheng received the domino, he thanked the old man and quickly left the Falcon Caravan.
Even after Luo Zheng left, the old man still had a faint smile on his face.
However, the moment Luo Zheng left, the old man's smile had completely disappeared. "That kid's black desolate bone has a very special origin!"
"What kind of special method?" Brother Ji asked. He had also sensed that the desolate bone's aura was very unique, but he did not know the origins of the black desolate bone.
"That is neither Heaven Heart Crack's bloodline Royal Aunt, nor is it Extreme Yin Nether Glow's bloodline desolate bone. This black desolate bone has never appeared before … Maybe it's a bloodline desolate bone that has never been discovered before!" The elder said.
No matter what …
The elder could sense an extraordinary aura from the desolate bone, so he concluded that it was not an ordinary item.
"Is that so …" Brother Ji was slightly surprised.
This elder had a very high standing in the Falcon Merchant Group because of his extraordinary eyesight. If he said that the black desolate bone was something good, then it was definitely not wrong.
Thus, Brother Ji asked, "Elder Dou, what do you mean?"
"Immediately bring people to snatch that black desolate bone. Kill anyone who resists." The elder's voice was cold.
"Killing people in the city?" Brother Ji was stunned.
Fighting was forbidden in Sand Heart City, and no one was allowed to violate it. Killing people here was too brazen.
"Just be careful. However, it's fine even if it blows up." The elder sneered.
The Falcon Merchant Group had been in Sand Heart City for many years, so they could still handle such matters.
After leaving the Falcon Merchant Group, Luo Zheng leisurely wandered around the streets. However, after he spread out his perception, he was secretly paying attention to the movements behind him.
Luo Zheng wandered around for a while, and his face was somewhat depressed. "Why haven't they appeared? This Falcon Merchant Group's efficiency is too slow …"
After a while, he sensed that two people had appeared behind him. These two people were sneakily following behind Luo Zheng.
"They have finally taken the bait …" Luo Zheng smiled and immediately turned into a small alley at the corner of the street.
After walking through the alleyway for a while, a masked man blocked his way.
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He wanted to retreat, but the other masked person blocked his path of retreat.
"My two brothers, what is the meaning of this?" Luo Zheng asked with a serious look.
"Hand over the black desolate bone and we will spare your life," the person in front said lightly. There was no emotion in his voice, and the power of the Rage God in his body was in a state that could erupt at any time.
The person behind him was the same. The two of them were probably experts in the Falcon Merchant Group.
"You are … from the Falcon Merchant Group?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise.
"Yes or no, your question is meaningless." The person in front raised a finger and said, "Hand it over obediently and you will have a chance to live."
This person is so pretentious …
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. Following that, a look of pain appeared on his face. "But this desolate bone was painstakingly taken by me …"
"You don't have to explain to me," the person stopped Luo Zheng from complaining. After saying that, the two masked men approached each other.
Seeing that they were about to make a move, Luo Zheng had no choice but to reluctantly take out the black desolate bone.
When the masked man in front saw the black desolate bone, he snatched it from Luo Zheng's hands. After scrutinizing it for a while, he stared at Luo Zheng and gave a strange laugh. "However, I never expected you to be so sensible!"
After saying that, the two of them ran away.
The two masked men turned a few alleys before the person in front took off his mask. He was Brother Ji, who had led Luo Zheng into the city.
"This is the desolate bone that Luo Zheng took out. Its aura is indeed very unique. I will let Old Dou extract the power of the Rage God from it and see what kind of bloodline it is …" Brother Ji touched the desolate bone and his eyes were filled with excitement. If this desolate bone was really priceless, he would have done a meritorious deed for the Falcon Merchant Group.
On the other side, Luo Zheng walked out of a small alley with a faint smile on his face.
He had expected the Falcon Merchant Group to do so.
That black desolate bone was forged by Luo Zheng.
The power of the Rage God was an extremely pure energy. It was passed down from the owner of the bone, and after countless years of accumulation, it was formed.
This energy was easy to absorb, but it was also very easy to be influenced!
Back in the Wiry Steel Tribe, Luo Zheng had injected A Thought of Good and Evil into a desolate bone, allowing the desolate bone to emit a unique aura. Then, he painted the surface of the desolate bone black, creating a unique "desolate bone".
Of course, this was not a bloodline desolate bone …
After giving the Falcon Merchant Group a perfunctory reply, Luo Zheng could use the Falcon Merchant Group's bone token to auction it off.
And in order to protect the large merchant groups, the auction house used an anonymous system. They only knew which merchant group was auctioning, and did not care who was auctioning!
This way, they could ensure their own safety, and also ensure that the Spirit Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone could be successfully auctioned off.

Chapter 2126
After spending a day, Luo Zheng had gained an understanding of Sand Heart City.
Within a radius of two hundred thousand miles, Sand Heart City was the only big city. And the big faction that controlled Sand Heart City was the Misty Sect on top of the Night Condensation Bone Tower.
The Misty Sect was considered a colossus to a normal Aragami.
The auction house in Sand Heart City was personally hosted by the Misty Sect's deacons. Various caravans would hand over their goods to the auction house for auction.
However, the auction house only held an auction once a month. There were still three days before the next auction.
Luo Zheng could only stay in Sand Heart City and wait.
After arriving at Sand Heart City, Luo Zheng understood that the value of desolate bones was not as great as he had imagined.
Everyone here cultivated the Aragami, and these people consumed quite a number of desolate bones. And the desolate bones were the currency they used to trade.
It was no wonder that the Falcon Caravan's' Brother Ji 'was so impatient in the Windy Steel Tribe. For example, the Falcon Caravan's deacons' monthly salary was several pieces of desolate bones. He was under the Falcon Caravan's orders to collect desolate bones. If he collected too little in one go, it would not be worth the trip.
The Windy Steel Tribe's Eternal Wilderness had been excavated countless times. It could be seen as a dried up mine. The people in the tribe could only scavenge for leftovers to survive.
Luo Zheng's harvest was not small, but it was just gathering the 'leftovers'. In this world, it was still nothing. As for the Spiritual Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone, it was Luo Zheng's luck.
"No wonder someone could transform into a thousand mile tall body. As long as there are enough desolate bones, the Aragami can grow indefinitely …"
However, to collect so many desolate bones was not an easy task.
The salary of a normal person in Sand Heart City was only one or two pieces of desolate bones a month. In a year, there were only about twenty desolate bones.
Only by joining a big faction would one be qualified to obtain more desolate bones.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng had a plan in mind.
Three days later …
Luo Zheng brought the Falcon Caravan's domino to the auction house.
Before setting off, in order to avoid being recognized by the members of the Falcon Caravan, Luo Zheng used the Disguise Technique to change his appearance.
There were already a lot of people gathered in the auction house. These people had obtained the dominoes of the various caravans. Only those who had the dominoes of these caravans were qualified to participate in the auction.
After waiting for a while in the auction house, someone finally came out.
"Do you have the qualifications to participate in the auction?" The one who received Luo Zheng was a fair-skinned woman with a rather cold expression.
Luo Zheng nodded and took out the domino of the Falcon Caravan.
The fair-skinned woman glanced at it. "The Falcon Caravan's domino? They like to randomly distribute dominoes. Our auction house is not a place where any trash can enter. Don't waste my time. "
The fair-skinned woman was not polite at all.
However, the Falcon Caravan was considered the lowest level of caravan in Sand Heart City. Their reputation was indeed bad. However, the Falcon Caravan had been established very early in Sand Heart City. They occupied almost all of the low-end markets around Sand Heart City. The auction house had no choice but to work with them.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm as he said indifferently, "Whether it's trash or not, we'll know once we see it."
Hearing Luo Zheng's confidence, the fair-skinned woman's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. She smiled faintly and said, "Then come with me."
After saying that, she led the way with Luo Zheng following closely behind.
After passing through the hall of the auction house, they walked for about ten feet in a wide corridor before entering a compartment.
There were three middle-aged men sitting in the compartment. These three middle-aged men were the appraisers of the auction house. They were responsible for appraising all kinds of treasures, such as whether they were qualified to be auctioned in the auction house. At the same time, they could give a reserve price and so on.
"It's here." The fair-skinned woman led Luo Zheng in and waved her hand.
Luo Zheng stepped in and the three middle-aged men's eyes fell on Luo Zheng.
The three of them had appraised countless treasures and were also very good at judging people. After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, the three of them revealed a trace of surprise in their eyes.
"Eh? That's interesting. You seem to have just started cultivating the Aragami not long ago, but your True God cultivation is so profound? "One of the middle-aged men asked curiously.
"It's indeed rare …" Another man said.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "The path of Dao will eventually lead to the same destination. As long as I can become stronger, what's the difference between cultivating the Aragami and True God?"
Hearing this, the three middle-aged men were slightly stunned.
This statement sounded very fresh …
Those who cultivated True Divinity were all seen as unconventional swordsmen.
That was because the True God could only rely on themselves, while the Aragami could rely on a large number of desolate bones.
The path of the True God was much more difficult in this world!
One of them laughed and said, "You have a point of view! I've heard that cultivating the True God to the extreme is also extremely powerful, but … until now, I've never seen anyone succeed! If you succeed, I'm afraid you'll be the first person in history, right? "
His words were vaguely mocking Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng not understand it? However, he only smiled faintly and did not say anything.
"Take out the item you want to auction." The fair-skinned woman urged.
Every month, the auction house in Sand Heart City would always be packed with people. She had to bring them in one by one, so how could she be willing to waste her time on Luo Zheng?
"Oh, what do you want to auction?" One of the middle-aged men asked.
"I want to auction a piece of Bloodline Desolate Bone." Luo Zheng said.
"Bloodline Desolate Bone?" The middle-aged man's eyes flashed slightly, "The grades of Bloodline Desolate Bones are very complicated. According to the ranking of the Bloodline Desolate Bones, the value varies greatly. Some Bloodline Desolate Bones have very poor bloodlines, and ordinary people are unable to extract the Aragami power from them. Such desolate bones are even worse than ordinary desolate bones. Even if it's a good Bloodline Desolate Bone, it depends on the size, quantity, etc."
While the middle-aged man was speaking, the fair-skinned woman kept staring at Luo Zheng with an indifferent gaze. She could tell that Luo Zheng's cultivation level was too low, and he was holding the Falcon Caravan's domino. It was most likely as the middle-aged man had said, desolate bones with poor bloodlines. For this kid to treat it as a treasure and auction it at the auction house, he was destined to make a fool of himself.
Luo Zheng nodded and gently raised his hand. A blood-colored beam shot out from his spatial ring.
At the same time, a violent aura emanated in the room …
"Boom!"
The blood-colored desolate bone, which was about the height of a person, smashed onto the ground, causing the entire room to shake.
The three middle-aged men and the fair-skinned woman stared at the blood-colored desolate bone and immediately drew a cold breath.

Chapter 2127
Bloodline desolate bones were very particular about heritage.
The unimaginably large bone pagodas at the bottom of the Chaos were mostly occupied by family clans with bloodlines.
These large factions in turn occupied large swathes of the Eternal Desolate Plains. Over countless years, the amount of desolate bones they had accumulated was unimaginable to ordinary people.
But to these family clans with bloodlines, ordinary desolate bones were nothing to them. What they needed were desolate bones from their own bloodline. Hence, they would often appear rich and generous, willing to spend large amounts of money to purchase them.
More importantly, Luo Zheng's desolate bone was not small in size!
"What bloodline does this desolate bone contain!?" One of the middle-aged men asked.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm as he said, "You can see for yourself."
The middle-aged man suddenly stood up and stepped in front of Luo Zheng. His eyes focused on the bloodline desolate bone.
He flicked his fingers, producing a series of tapping sounds on the desolate bone's surface.
After a while, a blood-colored power of the Rage God appeared …
"The method he uses to extract the power of the Rage God is different from Little Yun's." Luo Zheng thought.
Little Yun used the Draining Spring technique. He did not know what technique this person used, but the effect should be about the same.
The blood-colored power of the Rage God slowly dissipated. As it swirled, it transformed into the shape of a wolf.
When the three middle-aged men saw the tiny blood wolf, they cried out in unison.
"Spiritual Fiend Wolf God!"
"It really is!"
"What a coincidence! Haha! "
The three middle-aged men revealed looks of excitement.
Luo Zheng did not understand what they were saying, so he directly asked, "What coincidence?"
"The Blood Wolf family clan in the North Leaning Bone Pagoda is seeking to purchase the Spiritual Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone. Recently, the price of the Spiritual Fiend Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone has skyrocketed!" The middle-aged man said.
There were very few bloodline desolate bones to begin with. Many people would keep them in their possession after digging them out, and only sell them when the opportunity was right.
For example, when the elders and experts of the Blood Wolf family clan wanted to break through a bottleneck, they would purchase their bloodline desolate bones in bulk. At that time, the bloodline desolate bones could be sold for a high price.
"So that's the case." Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Actually, Luo Zheng was still a little worried.
Little Yun had warned Luo Zheng that if the Falcon Caravan saw the bloodline desolate bone, they might kill him for it.
But Sand Heart City's auction house …
Now, with Luo Zheng's apparent strength, he was unable to protect the Bloodline Desolate Bone. What if the other party really wanted to snatch it?
Soon, Luo Zheng Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng.
A piece of Bloodline Desolate Bone was expensive, but this auction house belonged to a large faction in the bone pagoda. Such a Bloodline Desolate Bone was not enough for them to risk their own reputation to snatch it.
"Normally, one piece of the Spirit Wolf God's desolate bone can be exchanged for fifty ordinary bloodline desolate bones." The middle-aged man said. The 'one piece' he mentioned was about the size of a fist. It was the standard unit of desolate bones. "But now, because of the Blood Wolf family clan, it can probably be exchanged for more than sixty-five pieces!"
Luo Zheng's bloodline desolate bone was about the height of a person. It was triangular in shape. After measuring it, they said, "This blood-colored desolate bone of yours can be disassembled into about two hundred fist-sized desolate bones. I can help you set the starting price at twelve thousand desolate bones. How about that?"
"Twelve thousand!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly.
According to Little Yun, Luo Zheng had made a rough estimate. It was about ten thousand desolate bones. He never expected the middle-aged man's estimate to be higher than his.
He never expected the middle-aged man to carry on, "This is only the starting price. Anything can happen in an auction house. The final price might be much higher than this."
Luo Zheng nodded and immediately asked, "Since this bloodline desolate bone can only be cultivated by the Blood Wolf family clan, why would others bid for it?"
Being asked by Luo Zheng, the middle-aged man was slightly stunned. He probably did not expect Luo Zheng to suddenly ask such a childish question.
The other middle-aged man chuckled, "If others bid for it, it would naturally be useless. Without the Spirit Wolf God's bloodline, they would not be able to absorb the power of the desolate bones! However, the Blood Wolf family clan is willing to pay any price for the Spirit Wolf God's desolate bones. If they are willing to spend a large sum of money to buy it, there will naturally be people who will do business with them. This is not something you can meddle in! "
There were many problems involved in the transactions between large family clans.
When ordinary people found a bloodline desolate bone, they could only sell it. Through layers of transactions, it would eventually flow to those large family clans …
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Following that, Luo Zheng left the desolate bone in the room and left with the fair-skinned woman.
At this moment, the fair-skinned woman's attitude was a lot more polite, "The auction house here can arrange a lounge for you. You can wait for the results of the auction there, but you can also participate in the auction."
"Auction?" Luo Zheng shook his head slightly.
The desolate bones he had were mostly absorbed. Where would he have the desolate bones to buy things?
As if she could read Luo Zheng's mind, the fair-skinned woman smiled, "Our auction house has a rule. If the Spirit Wolf God's bloodline desolate bone is auctioned first, you can directly use the desolate bones. You just need to calculate after the event."
"So that's the case." Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "If that's the case, I would also like to see what good items are at the auction."
"I can arrange a seat for you." The fair-skinned woman smiled.
Not long after, Luo Zheng entered a spacious hall.
Probably because it was still early, there were not many people in the hall. Luo Zheng found a corner seat and sat down. Following that, he closed his eyes and waited for the auction to begin.
After an hour, people began to enter the hall one after another.
Those who could enter and participate in the auction were mostly reputable figures in Sand Heart City. Their strength was also much stronger than ordinary Rage Gods.
Luo Zheng quietly scanned the hall and noticed that six or seven people were emitting powerful Rage God powers. These people were much stronger than the four people he met in the Eternal Desolate Plains!
Gradually, the hall became lively. While these people were waiting, they were also talking loudly. As for Luo Zheng, he pricked up his ears to listen.
"I heard that there are a few big items being auctioned in this month's auction!"
"There's movement in the bone pagoda again. It's said that the Skyheart Bone Pagoda and the Moonorchid Bone Pagoda are fighting again!"
"Every time before a big battle, the price of desolate bones will skyrocket. It's such a pity for people like us …"
Skyheart Bone Pagoda, Moonorchid Bone Pagoda …
The large factions in this world also had wars with each other? From the looks of it, it was quite frequent. Luo Zheng pondered.

Chapter 2128
After the old man exchanged some pleasantries on stage, he began the auction segment.
This world's refining standards were very low. The first treasure was a red flaming saber, the second treasure was a black sword, and the third …
Every treasure that was presented would cause waves of exclamations.
But in Luo Zheng's eyes, they were dull and dull.
The standards of these treasures were far inferior to the Celestial domain. Although a few of the treasures were infused with Chaos Qi, their refining standards were so poor that they could not be called "Chaos Treasures".
Even with this level of magical equipment, it still attracted a fierce competition.
After about 20 magic treasures were auctioned off in one go, the auction had reached a more critical stage.
The old man cleared his throat and said, "The following items will be the finale of this auction. Our auction house just received the first treasure not long ago!"
Everyone in the auction held their breaths.
They saw the old man gently clap his hands, and two strong men carried a stretcher out from the back of the hall.
On the stretcher, there was a thick cloth covering it. Under the cloth, there was a raging aura.
Seeing the cloth, Luo Zheng smiled. It was the Bloodline Desolate Bone that Luo Zheng wanted to auction.
The two strong men put down the stretcher, and the old man placed his hand on the cloth and opened it. At the same time, he said, "The first finale treasure is a piece of Bloodline Desolate Bone."
When the piece of Bloodline Desolate Bone that was the size of a person appeared in front of everyone, it immediately caused a burst of exclamations.
"Such a large piece of Bloodline Desolate Bone?"
"Whose Bloodline Desolate Bone is this!?"
"To be able to dig out such a large piece, it must have taken a great risk …"
There was an uproar in the auction.
Bloodline Desolate Bones were much rarer than ordinary Desolate Bones. Such a large piece was especially rare.
The old man did not speak. He reached out his hand and patted the Bloodline Desolate Bone gently, drawing out the power of the Rage God.
"Weng …"
The power of the Rage God formed the image of a blood wolf in the air.
"Spiritual Fiend Wolf God!"
"I was just thinking, could it be this …"
"The Blood Wolf family is crazily buying these desolate bones. Who would be so foolish to auction them here?"
Only by trading directly with the Blood Wolf Clan could he maximize the benefits.
If it was put up for auction, people would buy the Bloodline Desolate Bone and sell it to the Blood Wolf family.
Hearing this, a helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
He was unfamiliar with this place, and it was very difficult for him to come into contact with the so-called "Blood Wolf Clan".
Furthermore, he was in urgent need of the desolate bone for cultivation, so he naturally wanted to get rid of the bloodline desolate bone as soon as possible.
"The starting price is 12,000 desolate bones. Everyone, please make your bids," the old man said lightly.
Luo Zheng already knew about the starting price, so he wasn't surprised.
He was still a little worried that the price might be a little too high. It wouldn't be good if there was no auction …
Unexpectedly, as soon as the old man finished speaking, someone immediately made a bid.
"13,000 pieces of desolate bones …"
"Fourteen thousand …"
"Fifteen thousand …"
The speed of the price increase made Luo Zheng's heart beat faster.
Although he knew that this amount of desolate bones was nothing to a truly powerful Rage God, but to Luo Zheng, this amount was still quite large.
Under the constant bidding, it quickly rose to 18,000 pieces of desolate bones before it stopped.
Actually, the basis for bidding for the Bloodline Desolate Bone was very simple. The Blood Wolf family would definitely bid for it.
These people would make contact with the Blood Wolf family through their own channels, and they would be able to make a profit. Most people knew how much they could make. 18,000 pieces of desolate bones was the limit. Any higher and there would be no profit to be made.
Luo Zheng was already quite satisfied with this result.
As for the next items that would be auctioned off as the finale, he was not very interested.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, he opened his mouth again and said, "I'm sure everyone will be more interested in the second treasure. It's a great opportunity for all of you!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng resisted the urge to leave. His gaze returned to the old man.
The old man gently flipped his palm and a light brown jade token appeared. The old man waved the jade token in front of everyone and said, "This is an entry token to the Eternal Wastelands."
"Entry token?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
Luo Zheng already knew from Little Yun that not all parts of the Eternal Wastelands could be entered and exited as one wished.
The Eternal Wastelands where the Black Steel tribe was located was already a barren land. Even though there were still some desolate bones in the middle of the Eternal Wastelands, it was too dangerous. Taking a huge risk to mine them was meaningless. Hence, Luo Zheng and those "scavengers" could enter and exit as they wished.
However, in this world, there were still large tracts of rich Eternal Wastelands.
The amount of desolate bones in the Eternal Wastelands was far beyond what a normal person could imagine.
However, these Eternal Wastelands could only be entered by people sent by the various large factions. If a normal person were to sneak in to mine desolate bones, it would only lead to death.
"Entry tokens" were tokens issued by the large factions. Only those who held the entry tokens had the right to enter certain Eternal Wastelands!
And a single entry token could bring in hundreds of thousands of desolate bones, or even millions of desolate bones …
There were very few entry tokens in circulation on the market. It was something that the average person could not obtain.
But today, one had appeared in Sand Heart City's auction. Everyone present immediately drew a cold gasp.
"Why would an entry token be auctioned?"
"If I had an entry token, I would definitely dig for desolate bones myself. Who would sell such an item …"
"It must be fake, right?"
In the eyes of many people, it was illogical for an entry token to appear here.
The old man had already expected that the entry token would attract quite a bit of criticism. He smiled and said, "This entry token is indeed genuine. Furthermore, the entry token's starting price is only 5000 desolate bones!"
The old man's words once again exceeded everyone's expectations.
If there was really no problem with the entry token, anyone who obtained it would definitely make a profit.
"However, this entry token is located beneath the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda." The old man changed the topic, "I believe someone knows why this entry token is so cheap?"
"The Eternal Wastelands beneath the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda …"
"No wonder …"
"The Chiyou and Xuanyuan family clans have been fighting there for countless years. Countless people have died in the Eternal Wastelands. This entry token is naturally worthless!"
"5000 desolate bones. I wouldn't go even if you gave me 5000!"
After the others understood the origins of the entry token, they began to retreat.

Chapter 2129
Every piece of the Eternal Wastelands was a huge gold mine.
The ownership of these gold mines naturally belonged to the strong.
Some large family clans with bloodlines relied on their powerful strength to occupy piece after piece of the Eternal Wastelands. Through the vast amount of desolate bones in the Eternal Wastelands, they nurtured their family members, making their family stronger and more prosperous.
This was the path of development in this world.
As for the Eternal Wastelands below the Southern Sky bone pagoda, due to the Chiyou and Xuanyuan family clans, they still did not have a true owner.
Until now, the two large family clans were still fighting each other around the Eternal Wastelands …
However, after so many years, the two large family clans felt that such fighting was meaningless, but no one was willing to give up the Eternal Wastelands.
Hence, the two large family clans created a large number of "entry tokens" to attract outsiders to enter and collect desolate bones.
During the process of collecting desolate bones, there would naturally be intense conflicts!
The number of Aragami that had died in the process was unknown.
The greater the risk, the greater the reward.
Many people knew that the entry token to the Eternal Wastelands was easy to obtain, but entering was a risk of death!
Taking this into consideration, the old man from the auction house only set the entry token's base price at 5000 desolate bones.
"5000 desolate bones, is there anyone bidding?" The old man asked.
No one made a sound …
5000 desolate bones was indeed not expensive. It was not a matter of price, but a matter of daring to gamble with one's life.
If one could survive, the benefits would be considerable, but none of the Aragami present had the guts.
"5000 desolate bones, going twice, is there still no one bidding?" The old man continued asking, his eyes revealing a trace of disappointment.
"5000 desolate bones going thrice …"
If no one was willing to bid, then the Eternal Wastelands "entry token" would be considered a failed bid.
At this moment, the crowd heard a voice coming from the corner, "5000 desolate bones, I'll take it."
Everyone turned their heads to look. Although Luo Zheng's corner was dark, everyone could still see him clearly.
"This guy …"
"He seems to have just started cultivating as a Aragami, right?"
"With such weak strength, he dares to take this entry token …"
Everyone's face revealed a strange expression.
Even the old man was slightly surprised. Out of kindness, he could not help but remind him, "Young man, do you know where this entry token leads to?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I know."
The old man nodded slightly, "In that case, 5,000 desolate bones is a deal."
Luo Zheng learned from his mother that they belonged to the Li Min Clan and had the Chi You bloodline.
Although he didn't know what the relationship between these people at the bottom of the Chaos and the Mother World was, according to the information Luo Zheng had obtained, he could roughly analyze it.
The Chiyou Clan must be inextricably linked to the common people. Otherwise, they would not be able to fight against the Xuanyuan Clan.
Although they all said that this "Entry Order" was very dangerous, and everyone had a look of fear on their faces, this was Luo Zheng's only chance to get close to that big family. He had to go!
The old man still had a few more finale treasures to be auctioned, but Luo Zheng did not stay any longer.
After leaving the auction, Luo Zheng was led by the fair-skinned woman to settle the accounts. The bloodline desolate bone was auctioned for 18,000 desolate bones, and Luo Zheng had spent 5,000 desolate bones to purchase the entry token, so he was left with 13,000 desolate bones.
Out of the 13,000 desolate bones, he needed to take out 500 desolate bones as payment for the auction, and another 500 desolate bones needed to be reserved for the Falcon Caravan.
Finally, Luo Zheng left with 12,000 desolate bones and an entry token.
With such a large sum of money, Luo Zheng was even more cautious.
Luo Zheng deliberately stayed in Sha Xin City for a day to see if anyone was following him. He even changed his appearance several times.
After staying for a day, he left Sha Xin City and restored his appearance, before embarking on the journey back to the Wiry Steel Tribe.
He did not immediately head to the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
After all, he still had a lot of desolate bones to absorb, so Luo Zheng planned to make thorough preparations before setting off.
He had no relatives in this world, and the only people he could trust were the siblings, Xiao Yun and Fu Chu.
After a day of traveling, Luo Zheng once again rushed back to the Wiry Steel Tribe.
But when he was dozens of miles away from the Wiry Steel Tribe, he saw a few gigantic figures flashing in the Wiry Steel Tribe.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face turned slightly gloomy.
Even though he was dozens of miles away, Luo Zheng could clearly see that Xiao Yun had activated the power of the Rage God outside the Wiry Steel Tribe. She seemed to be fighting with a few other giants …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng increased his speed and flew in that direction.
"Peng Peng Peng Peng!"
Even after transforming into Xiao Yun, who was over 200 feet tall, she was still very agile.
But she was only one person, and there were three Rage Gods in front of her. She was naturally in a precarious situation.
"Bang!"
One of the Aragami smashed heavily onto Little Yun's face. Little Yun's body took a few steps back. She took advantage of the momentum and did a somersault. Just when she managed to stabilize her body, another two Aragami from the opposing side came straight at her. They did not give her any chance to take a breather.
"Sister!"
Fu Chu's face was filled with anxiety.
However, Fu Chu had just become a True God a few days ago, and the God Ocean in his body had yet to be activated. He was not qualified to participate in this level of battle.
"Give up, Xiao Yun. Destroying this tribe will not bring you any loss. You can bring your brother to our Yufei Tribe!" The leader of the Rage Gods said loudly.
The Yufei Tribe was located to the south of the Wiry Steel Tribe. It was also a very simple and backward tribe. The people in the tribe were also scavengers in the Eternal Wasteland.
Even though the two tribes were so poor, they were still fighting for the remaining desolate bones.
The Yufei Tribe was slightly stronger than the Wiry Steel Tribe. If it was not for Xiao Yun, the Wiry Steel Tribe would have been destroyed by the Yufei Tribe.
Xiao Yun did not expect that the Yufei Tribe would invite two helpers this time. Their purpose was to force Xiao Yun out of the Wiry Steel Tribe …
Xiao Yun and Fu Chu had been living in seclusion in the Wiry Steel Tribe. If they were to simply leave, the possibility of exposing themselves would be very high. Naturally, they would not be willing to leave.
When the battle started, Xiao Yun was naturally at a disadvantage.
"Bang!"
Before Xiao Yun could stand firm, the two Rage Gods had already arrived in front of her. One of the Rage Gods kicked her abdomen.
"Boom!"
Xiao Yun fell backward. Her body that was more than 60 meters tall crashed into the Wiry Steel Tribe, crushing a large part of the straw hut.
"Since you refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit, it seems like we have no choice but to kill you and your brother." The leader of the Rage Gods walked forward and stepped on Xiao Yun's chest.
At the same time, the Rage God raised his right hand. In his palm, Xiao Yun's brother, Fu Chu, was struggling desperately.

Chapter 2130
She had first escaped to this place and concealed her identity. After that, she had successfully brought Fu Chu back.
For the sake of this step, they had sacrificed so many experts just to preserve Fu Chu, the seed of fire …
They never thought that they would die in the hands of these lowly beings!
This was something that Xiao Yun could not accept no matter what.
Xiao Yun struggled fiercely, but there was a huge force trampling on her chest, causing her huge body to be firmly nailed to the ground.
"I've given you a chance." That Aragami grinned.
As he said that, he clenched his palm and was about to crush Fu Chu into a puddle of blood.
At that moment, a figure flew over and passed by that Aragami.
Whoosh!
At the same time, a sharp silver sword light flashed in everyone's eyes.
A thin line appeared on the arm of that Aragami. Half of his arm fell off while holding Fu Chu.
"Boom!"
Fu Chu had closed his eyes and was waiting for his death …
He never thought that the giant hand that was holding him would suddenly loosen its grip. His entire body fell down together with the giant hand.
"Luo Zheng?"
Fu Chu's eyes flashed.
Xiao Yun also showed a strange smile on her face.
This strange stranger actually came back when the two of them were in a life and death situation.
That Aragami grabbed his broken arm. His face was filled with shock and anger. He roared, "Who are you?"
Luo Zheng's body was like a shuttle. He swept across the sky and hovered in the air for a while. Upon hearing the question, he smirked. He did not answer the question directly. Instead, he turned into a beam of light and shot toward them.
After having a preliminary understanding of this world, Luo Zheng had a certain degree of foresight about the consequences of his actions.
These people were just Aragami that relied on the tribe to cultivate. They had no foundation to speak of. Killing them would not be a problem at all …
Luo Zheng, Xiao Yun, and Fu Chu were just the beginning. However, they were still people that he could trust. Now that he had made his move, he would not show any mercy.
Whoosh!
Seeing that Luo Zheng had transformed into a stream of light that was incredibly fast, another Aragami abruptly swung out a huge hand and caught Luo Zheng in the middle of the hand.
The Aragami revealed a proud look on its face as it roared, "A little fly that can't even summon the Aragami form dares to be so arrogant? Haha …"
His thunderous laughter only lasted for two seconds before he could no longer laugh. Blood suddenly burst out from his palm, and then the blood flowed down his arm.
Every time a flower of blood bloomed, a part of his arm would shatter.
Luo Zheng brandished his long sword and circled around continuously. That huge arm, which was five or six meters long, was cut into pieces by Luo Zheng.
As the blood spread to the shoulder of the giant, another crescent-shaped sword light whizzed out and landed on the neck of the Aragami.
The Aragami fell to the ground along with its head that was chopped off. Luo Zheng did not even turn his head around as he charged towards the next Aragami …
When the remaining two Aragami saw what happened, they were also stunned. When they regained their senses, they immediately turned around and ran away.
Their bodies were huge. With a single step, they could travel dozens of feet. Their speed was not slow, but how could they escape from Luo Zheng's hands?
"Puff! Puff!"
Along with two muffled sounds, the bodies of the two Aragami that were running away trembled. Their heads, which were as huge as houses, rolled down from their bodies. After that, the two corpses quickly returned to their normal size …
"So, so powerful …" Fu Chu's eyes flashed with a strange light.
Xiao Yun was tidying up her messy hair. She looked at the small figure of Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
In Xiao Yun's eyes, Luo Zheng was powerful. However, Luo Zheng should only be slightly more powerful than her …
Now that she saw how he attacked, Xiao Yun's judgment was once again overturned.
In the eyes of Luo Zheng, those Aragami were just like slaughtering chickens and dogs. How powerful was this Luo Zheng?
"Are you alright?" Luo Zheng stood in front of Xiao Yun, showing a concerned look on his face.
Xiao Yun smiled and said, "If you don't show up, we will be in trouble."
This Xiao Yun seemed to be very optimistic …
The battle between Xiao Yun and those Aragami just now had destroyed many houses in the Dark Iron Tribe. Some of them had died as well.
However, this level of battle happened every day in this wasteland. No one cared about the lives of these people.
It was also because Xiao Yun wanted to have a place for herself and her brother that she stayed here …
After cleaning up the mess, the people of the tribe held spears and clubs and headed west. Xiao Yun also followed them and left the Dark Iron Tribe.
Only some old, young, sick, and disabled people were left in the Dark Iron Tribe.
"Why is Xiao Yun going with them?" Luo Zheng showed a strange expression.
Fu Chu was already used to it. He replied indifferently, "Plunder. The Dark Iron Tribe won this battle, so they naturally want to plunder. Desolate bones, women, food …" Speaking up to this point, Fu Chu said with a look of disdain, "It's the way of survival for the barbarians. It's hard for sister to go with them."
Hearing Fu Chu's complaint, Luo Zheng showed a faint smile, "You and your sister are not barbarians?"
After being asked by Luo Zheng, Fu Chu knew that he had misspoken and quickly shut his mouth …
Although Luo Zheng had saved their lives and helped his sister a lot, he was still unable to gain their complete trust.
Luo Zheng obviously knew that there was a story between the siblings. If they did not say anything, Luo Zheng would not ask either.
Half a day later …
The people of the Dark Iron Tribe returned one after another.
Just as Fu Chu said, these people had robbed the Yufei tribe clean, including food and women.
As for the desolate bones, they should have been taken by Xiao Yun …
"I thought the Yufei tribe would exchange all the desolate bones with the Falcon Caravan. I never expected them to have stored more than thirty desolate bones!" Xiao Yun was clearly very happy.
More than thirty desolate bones was naturally a huge sum for Luo Zheng in the past.
But now, Luo Zheng had more than ten thousand desolate bones in his hands. This amount of desolate bones was child's play.
Noticing Luo Zheng's calm expression, Xiao Yun stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "That Bloodline Desolate Bone … has been sold?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Xiao Yun was actually worried about letting Luo Zheng go to Sand Heart City to auction it. The Falcon Caravan was a small faction in Sand Heart City, but it was still a behemoth that they could not afford to offend. If there were any mistakes in the process, Luo Zheng might not be able to return. She never expected it to be successfully auctioned off.
"How much did you sell it for?"
Xiao Yun suddenly realized that auctioning off the Bloodline Desolate Bone would be a huge sum, so her voice was naturally filled with excitement.
"Thirteen thousand," Luo Zheng answered.
"Thirteen thousand? So much?"
Xiao Yun covered her mouth.
If it was in her former family clan, this amount of desolate bones would be nothing.
But in the barren Eternal Desolate Plains, more than ten thousand desolate bones was a huge sum …
Who knew that Luo Zheng would smile faintly, "I will leave five hundred desolate bones for you. After the other desolate bones are refined and absorbed, I will leave this place."
When he arrived in this world, the first people he met were this pair of siblings. It was also Xiao Yun who allowed him to quickly understand this world. The five hundred desolate bones could be considered fate.
"You want to leave this place? Where do you want to go? "

Chapter 2131
Luo Zheng did not hide anything from Xiao Yun.
With a flip of his hand, a light brown jade token appeared in his hand.
"I obtained an entry token at the auction," Luo Zheng said lightly.
"An entry token!" Xiao Yun's eyes flashed, "How is that possible!?"
Only large factions would issue entry tokens, as they would set their sights on the rich Eternal Wastelands.
An entry token was extremely profitable, so its price was frighteningly high. It would often be auctioned for a price of more than 100,000 desolate bones.
Luo Zheng's bloodline desolate bone was worth quite a bit, but it was impossible for it to be exchanged for an entry token.
However, Xiao Yun's surprise only lasted for a moment. She stared at the entry token and asked, "Where does this entry token lead to?"
"The Eternal Wastelands beneath the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda," Luo Zheng answered.
"It's there!" Xiao Yun frowned even more. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Do you know the current situation of the Eternal Wastelands?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded, "Someone told me."
"Then why are you still going?" Xiao Yun was puzzled and continued, "If someone like you enters, you will only become cannon fodder in the hands of the Chiyou and Xuanyuan family clans."
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was calm.
The silence at the auction meant that many people were avoiding it, so the risk was imaginable.
Now that Luo Zheng had left the Celestial domain, he knew nothing of the Celestial domain's situation …
Faced with such an opportunity, he could only take the risk.
Most importantly, there were clansmen with Chiyou bloodline in the Eternal Wastelands. He wanted to know the origins of these clansmen.
"I have to go," Luo Zheng answered firmly.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xiao Yun sighed secretly and did not try to persuade him. She knew that a person like Luo Zheng could not change his mind once he made up his mind.
…
…
Luo Zheng gave 500 desolate bones to Xiao Yun, while he began to rapidly refine the desolate bones, absorbing the Rage God power within.
Ten thousand desolate bones was not a small number. Although Xiaoyun's "Draining Spring Technique" was quite efficient, Luo Zheng could only absorb about seven to eight hundred desolate bones a day.
During this half a month, Luo Zheng had been absorbing the Rage God's power day and night.
After absorbing so many desolate bones, the aura emitted by Luo Zheng's body became more and more powerful.
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, who was concentrating on refining the Rage God's power, Xiao Yun's face revealed a trace of worry. As the number of desolate bones in Luo Zheng's hands decreased, the time of his departure was approaching. This made her anxious.
"Sis, you seem to be in a bad mood these days," Fu Chu whispered.
Xiao Yun said faintly, "I think that Luo Zheng is someone sent down by God to help us. He is someone worthy of our trust …"
"So you're hesitating?" Fu Chu asked with a smile.
"Yes." Little Yun pursed her lips and nodded. "He gave us the desolate bones, taught you the cultivation Dharmic formulations, and saved our lives. He has already done enough. He is someone worthy of our trust, but this concerns the rise and fall of our family clan. I really don't dare … "
Fu Chu looked at Xiao Yun's conflicted look, and his slightly immature eyes turned deep. "Sis, other than our own lives, what else can we lose?"
"Although you have tried hard to cultivate, how much have you improved over the years?" Fu Chu asked again. "Five hundred desolate bones is a huge sum in your eyes, but you have forgotten that on the bone pagoda, even if it's fifty thousand or five hundred thousand desolate bones, it doesn't matter …"
Xiao Yun had always dreamed of the day when the siblings could return to the bone pagoda. Furthermore, they would be able to rely on their own strength to do so.
Therefore, she had always worked hard to collect desolate bones and cultivate diligently.
Fu Chu was unable to cultivate the Rage God, so she got Fu Chu to ask for the cultivation Dharmic formulations from Luo Zheng …
However, Fu Chu knew that no matter how talented the siblings were, without the support of resources, it was impossible for them to achieve that day.
"Therefore, there is no need for Sis to hesitate. That is the last bargaining chip in our hands. Now that this opportunity has appeared, Sis should press forward with indomitable will!" Fu Chu said with a resolute expression.
Suddenly hearing Fu Chu lecturing her, Xiao Yun was surprised. She looked at her brother with a gratified expression. "Fu Chu, you have grown up …"
Xiao Yun made her decision and waited for the opportunity to speak.
On the twentieth day, Luo Zheng had finally refined and absorbed ten thousand desolate bones.
He still had three thousand desolate bones left, but he was not in a hurry to refine them. After all, the journey to the bone pagoda in Heavenly South was still quite far. These desolate bones could be used for cultivation, and at the same time, they could be used as currency in this world. He had to keep some for the journey.
After using his spiritual perception to extract the Rage God's power for more than twenty days, even with Luo Zheng's powerful soul spirit, he still felt a little tired. However, he could not wait to head out of the Wiry Steel Tribe. He wanted to test the results of this period of time.
The Rage God's power had completely fused into his body. This power gave Luo Zheng a more intuitive feeling than the source of power.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and softly said a word, "Big!"
"Weng!"
A faint yellow luster began to radiate from the surface of his body.
Luo Zheng's body began to grow rapidly …
Thirty feet …
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
At this moment, when he looked down, the houses in the tribe were only the size of his fist.
And his body was still growing rapidly!
Thirty feet …
Forty feet …
Fifty feet …
Sixty feet!
The current Luo Zheng had truly transformed into a tall giant. The height of the houses in the Wiry Steel Tribe did not even reach the top of his feet.
As for Xiao Yun, Fu Chu, and company, they looked as tiny as ants!
"This power …"
The Rage God's power was boiling in his body, and he had an urge to pour it out.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Luo Zheng took huge steps.
Every step left a deep footprint on the ground.
After taking dozens of steps, he was already far away from the tribe and arrived at the Eternal Desolate Plains.
"Power …"
Luo Zheng raised his hands abruptly and slammed his body down onto the ground.
"Clang!"
A huge power spread out from his body, forming a faint shockwave that spread out.
"Rumble …"
Following this shockwave, the ground in a radius of dozens of miles began to tremble. He had actually caused a small earthquake!
"This Rage God's power is still incomparable to my source of power, but the speed of its growth is very fast. I am only sixty feet tall. If I transform into a giant that is a thousand miles tall, how powerful would I be?"
After this period of understanding, Luo Zheng also understood that the speed of cultivating the Rage God was dependent on the amount of desolate bones.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng's body was special. It could absorb all the Rage God's power.
If he could find enough desolate bones to provide, his strength would increase even faster.
"It's time to leave …"

Chapter 2132
In the tribe …
Xiao Yun stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated look. She had a look of shame on her face, "Congratulations. In less than a month, you have cultivated to such a level …"
Because of Luo Zheng's 500 desolate bones, Xiao Yun's cultivation level had improved by leaps and bounds.
However, Xiao Yun's utilization of the desolate bones was far inferior to Luo Zheng's. Her absorption of 500 desolate bones was equivalent to Luo Zheng absorbing 160-170 desolate bones.
Xiao Yun could only transform to about 200 feet, but Luo Zheng had already transformed into a 600 feet tall Desolate God, far surpassing her.
It would be a lie to say that she was not jealous of such a speed of growth.
"I'm just lucky. If not for that Bloodline Desolate Bone, I wouldn't have been able to cultivate so quickly," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"You're being humble. Luck is also a form of strength," Xiao Yun said as her eyes flashed with a determined look. Following that, she asked, "Before you leave, can I ask you for a favor?"
Luo Zheng looked at Xiao Yun's face and asked in a noncommittal manner, "What is it?"
He knew that Xiao Yun and Fu Chu's origins were not simple, but he did not have the time to care about others.
"Can you promise me first?" Xiao Yun's face flashed with a sly look.
"No," Luo Zheng denied without hesitation.
Xiao Yun curled her lips. She had expected Luo Zheng to give such a reply. Following that, she said, "But to you, this is a great opportunity. It can even help you escape the Light of Judgement."
"Light of Judgement? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xiao Yun shook her head when she heard this, "I really suspect that you are not from this world. You don't even know about the Light of Judgement. This is not normal …"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. He was indeed not from this world, so he did not argue.
"In this world, everyone is fighting to enter the bone pagoda. Various large factions and family clans want to occupy the bone pagoda. Do you know why?" Xiao Yun asked again.
Luo Zheng still shook his head.
"Because these Aragami outside of the bone tower will not live for more than a thousand years." Little Yun stood up and looked at the vast world outside of the house. "These people outside of the bone tower, the living beings will never live for more than a thousand years … So, including you and me, they are all lowly people."
"Only a thousand years? What does that mean? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious expression.
Luo Zheng had indeed paid attention to the Aragami in Sand Heart City. None of the Aragami were considered old. Including the old ones in Sand Heart City, they were only seven to eight hundred years old.
But in the Divine Realm, any random True God that Luo Zheng encountered had lived for several Divine Epochs.
In comparison, the Aragami in this world were as young as babies.
Although he was curious, he did not delve into the matter.
"Because the Light of Judgement will erupt once every thousand years. That light will illuminate this world and all living beings will be wiped out," Xiao Yun said calmly.
"The Light of Judgement will erupt once every thousand years?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Xiao Yun replied, "Yes. The only place that can be protected is those bone towers."
"So, we can only survive in the bone towers?" Luo Zheng raised his head and looked into the distance.
Tens of billions of miles away, those bone towers stood there silently. Looking at them from such a far distance, they looked very blurry …
"Yes. Every bone tower is a place that all the major forces will fight for," Xiao Yun replied.
"Of course, the bone towers can save one's life. But why don't they choose to leave this place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The Aragami that Luo Zheng had seen so far might be ordinary. For example, although Xiao Yun was known as a lower Aragami, her real combat power was about the same as a Divine Warrior.
However, Luo Zheng had seen those Aragami that were thousands of miles tall. Perhaps, there were Aragami that were more powerful than a Saint in this world.
"It's not that easy," Xiao Yun said helplessly, "This world is originally a huge prison. Every living being that is born in this world will be bound by the curse chain. No matter how powerful they are, it's impossible for them to leave …"
"A huge prison …"
Luo Zheng had heard from his mother that this was a huge place of exile. Everyone was cursed by the Ancient Gods.
This kind of saying was similar to a prison. However, he had never heard of the curse chain before.
"What's the curse chain? You said that it's linked to everyone, but I've never seen it before, "Luo Zheng said," If such a thing really exists, why have I never heard of it before? "
Xiao Yun smiled faintly, "The people outside the bone towers are living in ignorance. It's impossible for them to know about the existence of the curse chain. However, when the time limit of 600 years is up, they will all die. In the next cycle, there will be countless untouchables …"
"Wait," Luo Zheng interrupted Xiao Yun's words, "You said that there will be countless untouchables every thousand years? How are they born? "
In a thousand years …
Perhaps some low-level living beings could be born. However, living beings like humans and other large living beings could not be born in a short period of time.
It would take hundreds of millions or even billions of years for living beings to be born at the bottom of the primal chaos …
If the light of judgment killed everyone, then only the large factions and large families in the bone towers would be left.
Therefore, Xiao Yun's words did not hold water.
"Have you seen those sinister people crawling on the Eternal Wasteland?" Xiao Yun asked.
"You mean …" Luo Zheng had a guess in his heart.
Xiao Yun nodded, "Yes, all untouchables gradually gained intelligence from the sinister people. The sinister people will not be killed by the light of judgment."
Those sinister people were like walking corpses, living in this world …
After the light of judgment destroyed all the untouchables, a wave of "sinister people" would regain their intelligence and become a new wave of untouchables.
Among these untouchables, there were very few who had powerful innate talents, or the children of these untouchables had good innate talents. In addition, they were fated to be fancied by large factions. Only then were they qualified to enter the bone towers and extend their lives, escaping the thousand-year limit.
Hearing this secret, Luo Zheng was extremely shocked. He did not expect this world to be far more complicated than he imagined.
This world was countless times crueler than the divine realm …
"As for the curse chain, there are no more than 30 people in this world who can see it." Xiao Yun blinked and looked at Fu Chu, who was not far away, "My younger brother is one of them."
Fu Chu curled his lips, "Do you want to see it? I can help you. "
For some reason, Luo Zheng suddenly had an ominous premonition. He immediately asked, "Am I also bound by the curse chain?"

Chapter 2133
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Fu Chu did not seem to have anything special other than being a little clever.
However, Fu Chu's comprehension of the cultivation technique that he taught Fu Chu was not bad. If he was in the divine territory, he would be considered a genius.
Naturally, Luo Zheng did not expect Fu Chu to have such an ability.
After Fu Chu walked over, he crossed his hands between his thumb and index finger, then slowly separated them. Finally, his index finger touched his index finger, and his thumb touched his thumb.
A unique energy burst out between his four fingers. That energy turned into a faint brown light screen.
Fu Chu's eyes looked through that light screen and smiled faintly. "Of course, you are also bound by the Curse Chain."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He walked forward and looked through Fu Chu's hands.
Through this light screen, there was no change in the scene …
However, he could see that there was an additional chain behind him. He focused his eyes to identify it, and his eyes were filled with surprise. "These … are the Curse Chains?"
The so-called Curse Chains were little golden worms the size of buttons.
These little worms had a hook at the head and another at the tail. The hooks at the head were connected to each other, forming a chain …
Not only did he have this chain, but Fu Chu and Little Yun also had this chain!
"How can this be …"
Luo Zheng had only entered this world for a short time. He did not know when he was bound by this chain.
Fu Chu walked to the door of the straw hut and pointed his hands into the distance. Then, he said to Luo Zheng, "Look again."
Luo Zheng's eyes looked through that light screen again and looked into the distance …
Countless chains were coiling in the air, spreading all the way to an extremely distant place.
"Every living being in this world has a chain like this. Of course, you are not an exception," Fu Chu said faintly.
"Even the most powerful Aragami in this world cannot get rid of these chains. When they encounter the Light of Judgment, they can only hide in the bone tower," Little Yun added.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly showed a bitter expression.
It was a pity that he wanted to return to the divine territory as soon as possible. He did not expect to be bound by the Curse Chain when he landed at the bottom of the Chaos …
"Can't anyone cut the Curse Chain?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Xiao Yun replied.
"For example, me." Fu Chu smiled faintly, a profound look that did not match his age appeared on his face.
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked by her words. "Didn't Xiao Yun just say that even the strongest Aragami could not do anything about it?"
"Of course they can't. No matter how strong they are, they can't break free from the curse chains." Fu Chu shook his head. "However, these curse chains were set up by our clan …"
"Your clan?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Xiao Yun nodded. "In this world, we are above all the other races. Only a very small number of people know of our existence. They call us the Warden Clan."
The Primal Chaos was an extremely vast world. No one knew exactly how far it was.
But in this world, the Primal Chaos Primal God had turned it into a huge prison.
The people here were all exiled and cursed by the Primal Chaos Ancient God, unable to leave for all eternity.
In fact, once they were exiled in this prison, it was equivalent to a death sentence.
No matter how strong they were, they could not resist the Light of Judgment.
No matter if it was a Nirvana Realm powerhouse or a native Aragami, they would all fall under the purification of the Light of Judgment.
In the past countless years, this kind of thing had repeated countless times. Countless powerful beings had died here.
Of course, the Warden Clan was an exception.
They were a special case in this world. After all, they were born to control this prison.
In the past, the Warden Clan had completed their mission very well. They had never missed a single living being.
A thousand years was a cycle.
Those beings exiled by the Primal Chaos Ancient God came to this world. After a thousand years, they would be baptized and fall.
Then, the cycle would start again.
"I heard that an accident happened eighty billion years ago," Xiao Yun said.
The Warden Clan had existed in this world for far too long. Xiao Yun and Fu Chu were not old, so they had only heard about the past.
"What accident?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A Primal Chaos Ancient God died," Xiao Yun said.
"Primal Chaos Ancient Gods can also die. Could it be just a legend …"
Luo Zheng had heard his mother mention the Primal Chaos Ancient God, but he could not imagine what it was.
However, from his mother's expression, it was an existence that even the people of the Mother World had to believe in. How could such an existence fall?
Eighty billion years was too long. Many legends would change after being passed down. Luo Zheng could not believe the truth.
"How could it be just a legend?" Fu Chu laughed. "That guy's corpse is lying there!"
As he spoke, Fu Chu pointed to the sky.
Far away in the distance, a series of gigantic bone towers could be seen.
Only such a huge thing could be seen from such a long distance away.
After all, the height of this bone tower was comparable to the length of the Divine Territory.
"You're saying that those bone towers are the corpse of that Primal Chaos Ancient God?" Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
"Yes." Xiao Yun nodded. "Nothing can resist the Light of Judgment because the Light of Judgment was originally created by the Primal Chaos Ancient God. However, this Primal Chaos Ancient God's corpse does not fear the Light of Judgment!"
When the huge corpse first descended, it did not change the current situation of the prison.
However, after a few reincarnations, some living beings discovered the use of the Primal Chaos Ancient God's corpse.
The exiles were very smart. They hid in the corpses and avoided the purification of the Light of Judgment. Then, they gradually developed and grew stronger.
More and more exiles accumulated in this prison, and gradually, it became more and more prosperous.
At first, the exiles in the prison were grouped together and did not have any conflicts. After all, surviving in this prison was more important than anything else.
However, the corpse of an Elder God of Primal Chaos had begun to rot and fester over the course of countless years. The life energy left behind in the corpse began to leak out, leaving behind only the 'beast bones' that soared into the sky. In other words, they were bone towers.
During this process, the exiles constantly migrated. Finally, they could only hide in the bone towers.
And as the number of living beings in this world increased, the experts became extremely powerful after using the desolate bones. They began to vie for the bone towers because only the bone towers could protect their lives.
Hence, conflict ensued. Various large family clans began to wage war over this matter. It began with the fight for the bone towers, and then the desolate bones.

Chapter 2134
These things were not a secret to the major forces and clans in the bone tower.
However, the countless lowlifes in the Eternal Wasteland, including the Aragami in the cities, did not know about this.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng realized an important question. "You said that the Light of Judgment purifies this world every thousand years. How many years until the next purification of the Light of Judgment?"
Xiao Yun blinked her eyes and said faintly, "Three more years."
"In other words, within three years, if we don't enter the bone tower, everyone outside the bone tower will die?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Xiao Yun said with her head lowered.
"That's a little troublesome …" Luo Zheng smiled bitterly.
He was now in this world and was still bound by the curse chain. He could not leave this world, and he could not escape back to the Divine Dominion.
If he wanted to live, he had to enter the bone tower.
Even those powerful Aragami could not resist the Light of Judgment. Luo Zheng might not be able to avoid being purified.
"But as the clan of the wardens, why are you stranded here?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
The clan of the wardens, as the name suggested, existed to manage this huge prison.
However, both Xiao Yun and Fu Chu were terrifyingly weak. It did not make sense.
"Because we chose to betray," Xiao Yun replied.
The clan of the wardens was also an extremely ancient clan.
They were created by the Primal Chaos Primordial God and inherited the will of the Primal Chaos Primordial God. They were used to manage this huge prison and ensure the smooth operation of the curse chain and the Light of Judgment.
No matter what clan they were, after a long time, they would eventually doubt their own actions.
After all, although the clan of the wardens were in charge of this huge prison, they were also trapped in the prison and were treated the same as the exiles …
The Primal Chaos Primordial God had also considered this problem. Every once in a while, he would send down his powerful will and order the clan of the wardens to fulfill their duties.
Under the will of the Primal Chaos Primordial God, the clan of the wardens could only obediently guard this prison for generations.
However, eighty billion years ago, when the corpse of the Primal Chaos Primordial God fell, the will of the Primal Chaos Primordial God disappeared!
"Could it be that the huge corpse is the same creature as the Ancient God of Chaos that built this prison?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's not it. The elders of our warden clan speculated that this dead Primal Chaos Ancient God might be our master's enemy. Our master was most likely seriously injured, which was why he couldn't send down his will," Little Yun said.
Yes or no, it didn't mean much.
Ever since the will of the Primal Chaos Ancient God stopped descending, the warden race had split into two factions. One was the conservative faction, and the other was the liberal faction.
The Conservative Faction continued to follow the will of the Primal Chaos Ancient God and continued to control the prison.
The liberals, on the other hand, were tired of the endless days and hoped to leave.
The Conservatives accused the Liberals of betraying the Primal Chaos Ancient God, while the Liberals vowed to find a way to leave this prison.
These two factions had been secretly fighting for countless years, using almost all means at their disposal.
"In the end, the liberals lost everything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yeah," Little Yun's gaze fell on Fu Chu, and a helpless smile appeared on her face. "We are the last of the liberals. After three years, I'm afraid we won't exist anymore."
The warden race had always lived in a special place where they could avoid being purified by the Light of Judgment. Once they left, the Light of Judgment would descend and they would die.
After hearing Little Yun's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. He didn't expect this pair of sisters to have such a background.
Luo Zheng's thoughts turned, and then he asked, "Wait, since you are planning to leave this world, why don't you seek the help of the great families and forces in the bone pagoda?"
The goal of the liberals was to leave this prison.
The experts of the great families and forces in the bone pagoda were also exiled here.
Their goal was the same.
If the liberals chose to ally with these exiles, there was no reason for them to lose to the conservative faction.
"Although we want to leave this prison, we won't go so far as to wallow in the mire with those exiles. This is the insistence of our liberal faction's elders," Little Yun said indifferently.
The warden race was the warden race that looked after this prison.
Those exiles were the prisoners of this prison. Even if the wardens wanted to leave this prison, they wouldn't go so far as to cooperate with the prisoners.
Luo Zheng could understand the liberals' thoughts.
"In the end, our elders regretted it, but it was too late." Speaking of this, Little Yun's emotions fluctuated violently, and her eyes revealed resentment. "The liberals were almost completely wiped out. I was the first to escape, and then … Fu Chu also smoothly escaped."
After the siblings escaped, they had been hiding in the Leather Iron Tribe.
"You didn't plan to seek refuge with those exiles?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course we did." Little Yun's expression was agitated, and her eyes were filled with hatred. "To me, whether or not I can leave this damn place is no longer important! I want revenge! "
To Little Yun and Fu Chu, their biological parents and the elders of their various clans had been completely wiped out. This was an unresolvable hatred.
"But the conservative faction has already set up an inescapable trap. With our current strength, we can't break through at all," Fu Chu said calmly. There was a maturity on his face that didn't match his age.
Fu Chu couldn't cultivate the Aragami, and Little Yun's strength was weak.
Although she had been working hard to cultivate, she was too lacking in resources. She also didn't dare to enter those big cities, so her cultivation base increased very slowly …
The conservative faction only needed to ensure that the siblings didn't enter the bone tower.
After three years, apart from the exiles in the bone tower, all living beings outside would be purified. Naturally, Little Yun and Fu Chu wouldn't be able to escape, and all future troubles would be eliminated.
"I understand. You want me to enter the bone tower and unite the exiles in the bone tower?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." Little Yun nodded. "Although I don't know where you came from, you have the curse chain. No matter how outstanding your talent is or how high your cultivation base is, you can't jump out of this cage. I believe that you'll make the right choice!"
"I don't seem to have a choice?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Hearing this, Little Yun also smiled.
During the years they had been hiding here, they had always been trembling in fear, not daring to cause the slightest trouble.
This time, the siblings were going all out. They revealed almost all of their secrets to this unknown young man, Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2135
On the horizon …
Luo Zheng was flying forward at a fast speed.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to leave with Xiao Yun and Fu Chu.
However, he was rejected by Xiao Yun.
Without absolute confidence, it was very likely that they would be discovered by the "conservative faction" if they rashly approached the bone pagodas.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only go alone.
Sha Xin City was just a border city and there were no teleportation arrays in it.
After passing through Sha Xin City, Luo Zheng once again entered the Eternal Wasteland.
This Eternal Wasteland was the same as the Eternal Wasteland that Luo Zheng had first arrived in. The desolate bones had dried up after being harvested. It was an Eternal Wasteland that no one was guarding.
"So many Yin People?"
Looking down from the sky, Luo Zheng saw that among the densely packed skeletons, there were tens of thousands of Yin People, like wild horses, running wildly across the wasteland.
There were three kinds of origins of the people in this world.
One was the warden race, which was created by the Primal Chaos Ancient God.
The other type was the exiles, who were also the targets of imprisonment in this prison …
The last kind was the "Pariahs" outside the bone pagodas. All of the Pariahs were created by the Yin People, and if the Pariahs were strong enough, they were qualified to enter the bone pagodas.
"All the strong people in this world are afraid of the Light of Judgement. Only these Yin People who have not awakened their intelligence are not afraid. Then, how were these Yin People born?" Luo Zheng had forgotten to ask about the origins of the Yin People.
The Eternal Wasteland was vast and boundless. Even though Luo Zheng maintained an extremely fast speed, it still took him half a month to cross this place.
After half a month, Luo Zheng finally saw another city.
"Swish …"
Luo Zheng opened up a map.
This map was exchanged by Luo Zheng in Sha Xin City with a piece of desolate bone. It was made very carefully and recorded the locations of some cities and bone pagodas in detail.
"Sacred Bone City." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "This city has a teleportation array that leads to Helian City, and Helian City is located on the side of the Eternal Wasteland near the bone pagodas in the south. It is a shortcut."
After putting away the map, Luo Zheng's figure flickered, and he went straight to the Sacred Bone City.
Like the Sand Heart City, the Sacred Bone City was quite vigilant against outsiders. The guards at the city gate blocked Luo Zheng's way.
"My two friends, this is a small token of appreciation from me." Luo Zheng gently flipped his palm and stuffed over ten pieces of desolate bones into their hands.
These guards' monthly salary was only two or three desolate bones. How could they not be tempted by this "huge sum of money"?
Seeing that Luo Zheng's cultivation was ordinary, the two guards waved their hands and let him pass.
After entering the Sacred Bone City, Luo Zheng did not stop. After asking around, he went straight to the Transmission Array of the Sacred Bone City.
This place was hundreds of millions of miles away from Helian City. The cost of the Transmission Array was not low. It was a hundred pieces of desolate bones.
Thankfully, Luo Zheng had kept some desolate bones and used them to pave the way, saving him a lot of trouble. Otherwise, it would take years to reach his destination with his own speed … By the time the Judgment Light descended, he might not even be able to enter the bone pagodas, much less return to pick up Little Yun and Fu Chu.
As the Transmission Array was very far, it took three days to travel through the Transmission Array.
Three days later …
A prosperous city appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng thought that all the cities in this world should be very desolate.
After all, other than the living beings in the bone pagodas, the others could only live for a thousand years. There was no time to build a city that was very vast.
However, Helian City, Sand Heart City, and Sacred Bone City were different.
This city was very close to the bone pagodas. After the living beings in the bone pagodas avoided the Judgment Light, they could return to Helian City. Therefore, the Judgment Light would not interfere with the progress of this city.
"Divine Dominion …"
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a gigantic Divine Dominion hanging high in the sky. It was like a star with a unique shape.
The distant bone pagodas seemed to be just inches away as they stood erect not far away.
The bone pagodas were about the same height as the Divine Dominion. It was unknown how many years it would take to climb from bottom to top. It was difficult to describe how massive it was.
"Why are you in a daze? Why aren't you leaving? "Someone urged.
Luo Zheng glanced at the person nonchalantly before quickly leaving.
After circling Helian City and asking around, Luo Zheng learned the location of the Heavenly South bone pagoda. It was hundreds of thousands of miles away.
After leaving Helian City, Luo Zheng headed south. After flying for a day and night, he saw a flagpole that rose from the ground. And under the flagpole, there was a building with a unique shape. And at the top of the building, there was a stone sculpture about a hundred feet tall.
"Three heads and six arms!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
"This is the sculpture of Chiyou!"
In the palace inside the sun, Luo Zheng had seen this sculpture. His memory was still fresh. Naturally, he would not be mistaken.
After obtaining the 'Entry Order', Luo Zheng also knew that the reason why the Eternal Wasteland was dangerous was because it was the battlefield between the Chiyou Clan and the Xuanyuan Clan. Although the Eternal Wasteland was rich in resources, it had become extremely dangerous because of the war between the two clans.
"This should be the stronghold of the Chiyou Clan …"
Seeing the sculpture of Chiyou again, Luo Zheng felt a sense of familiarity. Almost without any hesitation, he landed at the entrance of the building.
However, the door was tightly shut.
There were a few people scattered around. There were both men and women, and they were all leaning against the wall with cold expressions on their faces.
When they saw Luo Zheng's cultivation, their eyes faintly revealed a mocking expression.
"The strength of these people is very strong …" Luo Zheng was also sizing up these people. "They are even stronger than the four Aragami that I fought in the Eternal Wasteland. Moreover, they have been through hundreds of battles. They are all people who kill decisively."
Luo Zheng waited in front of the door for a while. Finally, he could not help but ask the man closest to him, "Why is the door here tightly shut?"
That man had a thin and long scar on his face. His eyes were very small. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, the corner of his mouth slightly raised. "Nonsense? The door is not open yet. Naturally, it's locked. Just wait here. "
"Why do we have to wait here?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Nonsense. Didn't you come here to enter the Eternal Wasteland? Without someone from the Chiyou Clan to bring you, how are you going to enter? "The man said again.
Although the other party kept saying nonsense, Luo Zheng still calmed down and continued to ask, "Can't we enter the Eternal Wasteland with the entry order?"
"Hehe …"
"This kid …"
"What a fledgling."
The people leaning against the wall finally could not help but laugh.
The man with the scar on his face asked, "How did you get the entry order? You don't know shit and you dare to come here? "
"I bought it at an auction." Luo Zheng answered.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the group of people laughed even harder …
"There really is someone who took the entry order here to the auction house! How many desolate bones did you spend to get it? "The man with the scar on his face laughed and asked.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.

Chapter 2136
"I can take as much as I want?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
For this entry token, he had spent 3000 desolate bones. Yet, he could take them as he wished here?
"That is indeed the case. The rules were changed last month, and the entry tokens used to be cheap." A ponytailed girl leaning against the wall said lightly.
The Eternal Wasteland below the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was very fertile.
Some desperadoes were willing to take huge risks and enter to collect desolate bones.
As long as they could return alive, they could bring back large amounts of desolate bones. Apart from the portion given to the Chiyou clan, they would still have a considerable amount of desolate bones.
With enough desolate bones, their cultivation level would increase by leaps and bounds.
However, as the conflict between the Chiyou clan and the Xuanyuan clan intensified, the Eternal Wasteland became more dangerous. Bringing back desolate bones was almost certain death.
Even those desperadoes realized that the risk was too great. Once they obtained the entry token, they had to be prepared to be cannon fodder. Hence, fewer and fewer people entered the Eternal Wasteland …
As a result, the price of the entry tokens dropped again and again. Finally, it was free to take them.
Entry tokens were rare items in this world. Some merchants smelled the business opportunity and took the entry tokens here. They then ran to other border cities to swindle others.
Sand Heart City was considered a border city. One of the entry tokens ended up in Sand Heart City's auction house, where it was bought by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had spent the 3000 desolate bones unjustly.
However, Luo Zheng was not interested in the entry token, but the information behind the entry token.
After all, other than collecting desolate bones, he had more important things to do. Hence, his mood quickly calmed down.
"With your bit of cultivation level, the chances of you surviving after entering the Eternal Wasteland are very small. It's not too late to regret now." The ponytailed girl warned him lightly.
Even the most desperate desperadoes did not dare to gamble their lives in the Eternal Wasteland.
Those who dared to enter the Eternal Wasteland either did not care about their lives, or they were confident in their strength.
A newcomer like Luo Zheng was rare.
"Thank you. Since I've chosen to enter the Eternal Wasteland, I'm already mentally prepared." Luo Zheng smiled.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was calm and determined, the ponytailed woman didn't say anything else.
While they were waiting, more and more Aragami arrived and landed right in front of the building.
These Aragami glanced at Luo Zheng. Their faces showed a hint of surprise. However, most of these Aragami had a cold temperament. If it was not related to them, they would not take a second look.
Half an hour later, Luo Zheng heard a muffled sound coming from the door. The door opened.
A woman in green clothes walked out of the door. After looking around, she said faintly, "Everyone, please bring your entry tokens to register. If you don't have one, you can get one for free."
The green-robed woman said, and returned to the gate.
The Aragami who had been waiting outside for a long time walked up the stairs and entered the building …
The ponytailed woman was planning to enter the building as well. However, when she turned around, she saw Luo Zheng staring at the gate in a daze. She thought that Luo Zheng was scared and did not dare to enter the building. She smiled and said, "If you're not mentally prepared, it's better for you to go back. This is not a place for a child to take risks."
The ponytailed woman could tell that Luo Zheng was just a beginner Aragami. She even judged that Luo Zheng's Aragami form was only fifty to sixty feet tall. He was not on the same level as the people around him. Therefore, she called Luo Zheng a child.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. He took the opportunity to ask, "Is that green-robed woman from the Chiyou Clan?"
"Chiyou Clan?" The ponytailed woman was slightly stunned. She did not know why Luo Zheng suddenly asked this question. She then shook her head and said, "No, she's just a deacon of a sect under the Chiyou Clan."
The Chiyou Clan was considered one of the top forces in this world. There were many sects under them.
These complicated and trivial matters would not be done by the Chiyou Clan.
"Just a deacon of a sect under them …" Luo Zheng's face showed a hint of disappointment.
"If you register with the entry token, someone from the Chiyou Clan will bring you into the Eternal Wasteland." The ponytailed woman reminded him. After that, she entered the building without looking back.
Since he was already here, why would Luo Zheng hesitate? He followed closely behind her and entered the building.
Hundreds of Aragami were gathered in the hall. They were registering in order.
After that, the green-robed woman said, "Most of you here are veterans. However, there are some rules that I have to repeat. You cannot hide the desolate bones that you have obtained. You have to share it with us fifty-fifty. If anyone dares to hide it, kill them without mercy!"
"So it's fifty-fifty …" Luo Zheng was speechless.
After all, the entry token was not given for free. Otherwise, what was the point of occupying the Eternal Wasteland?
"Other than that, if you encounter anyone from the Xuan Yuan Clan, please try your best to kill them!" The green-robed woman said again.
To ordinary people, the Eternal Wasteland was a place of adventure. However, to the Aragami with bloodline in the bone tower, it was a training ground.
Both the Xuan Yuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan hoped to kill each other's descendants as much as possible …
However, the Aragami with bloodline had absorbed the bloodline desolate bones. Their strength was much stronger than ordinary Aragami. How could they be killed so easily?
Often, there would be a Aragami with bloodline that would slaughter a group of ordinary Aragami …
That was one of the main reasons why this place was so dangerous.
After the green-robed woman mentioned some other rules, she began to divide them into groups.
According to the names that were registered, four people would be in a group. They would form a temporary team and travel together.
After the names were handed out, these people would also walk out and exchange positions. At the same time, they would also assess the strength of their teammates.
After all, everyone would want their teammates to be strong. No one would want to drag a burden along.
"Zong Yi, Ji Ming, Niu Qing, Luo Zheng. The four of you will form a group." The green-robed woman read out the name list in her hand.
The scar-faced man, the ponytailed woman, and another burly man walked out.
The three of them were looking left and right, trying to figure out who the last Luo Zheng was. At the same time, Luo Zheng also walked out …
When the scar-faced man saw Luo Zheng, his face suddenly changed. He did not expect that the young man who just came out was that "Luo Zheng".
He said to the green-robed woman with a bitter expression, "Being in the same group as this guy? Can we change to another group? "
The Aragami in the hall gathered their attention. When they noticed Luo Zheng, they also looked at the scar-faced man and the others with pity.

Chapter 2137
Zong Yi looked at Luo Zheng with a look of disgust. He bitterly said to the lady in green, "Then can I give up?"
"Your name has already been registered. If you choose to give up, you will be blacklisted and will not be allowed to enter the Eternal Wasteland in the future," the lady in green said indifferently.
This made Zong Yi completely depressed.
Of course, the ponytailed lady called Mi Qing and the burly man called Ji Ming did not look good either.
This was a matter of life and death. Who would be willing to joke around?
However, since things had already come to this, there was no use in regretting. They could only accept this result.
Who knew that Zong Yi was still unwilling. He changed his mind and stared at Luo Zheng with a fierce expression, "Brat, I'll give you a chance to live. Give up right now!"
If Luo Zheng gave up, there would be other people to fill in.
However, Luo Zheng would be blacklisted and would not be able to obtain the Chiyou Clan's entry token. He would also not be able to enter the Eternal Wasteland.
Ji Ming and Mi Qing also stared at Luo Zheng. They naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would give up.
Seeing Zong Yi jumping up and down in front of him, Luo Zheng's face was indifferent, "Why should I give up?"
"If you don't give up, don't blame me for being impolite," Zong Yi's face revealed a fierce expression, "Furthermore, the Eternal Wasteland is extremely dangerous. You will definitely die there!"
"You're talking nonsense," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Previously, Scarface had been talking nonsense left and right. Now, he was choked by Luo Zheng's words. He could only stare at Luo Zheng helplessly.
"Sigh, Zong Yi, forget it. Even if there are only three people in our group, the problem won't be too big. At most, we will be a bit more careful," Mi Qing advised.
Ji Ming also laughed, "Dragging a piece of trash won't be too big of a problem!"
Under the persuasion of the two, Zong Yi finally stopped.
After these Aragami were divided into groups, they temporarily rested in the hall.
After waiting for another hour or so, they heard movement from the depths of the hall. Then, someone shouted, "Lord Cheng Wei has arrived!"
Not long after, a young man in white slowly walked over, surrounded by a group of women.
This white-robed young man looked to be less than twenty years old. However, the Rage God power in his body was extremely vigorous. Moreover, there was a unique power hidden within his body that left a deep impression on others.
The white-dressed youth had an amiable smile on his face. He stopped in his tracks and surveyed his surroundings before saying, "Everyone, sorry for the long wait. Now, follow me, Cheng Wei, to the Eternal Desolate Plains. I hope that everyone will not waste this opportunity and try their best to collect as many desolate bones as possible."
"Previously, they said that it was the Chi You Clan that brought us into the Eternal Wasteland. Is this Cheng Wei from the Chi You Clan?" Luo Zheng pondered.
His mother said that she also had the Chiyou bloodline. This bloodline was the inheritance of a race, which could not be distinguished by the naked eye. Luo Zheng also could not tell.
After saying that, Cheng Wei took the lead and left the hall.
The Aragami in the hall followed closely behind …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After Cheng Wei soared into the sky, all the Aragami followed closely behind.
The Chi You Clan's stronghold was still a distance away from the Eternal Wasteland. After flying in the air for less than an hour, Luo Zheng saw bits and pieces of skeletons in front of them.
"We are already very close to the Eternal Wasteland," Luo Zheng thought.
Then, Luo Zheng looked into the distance and saw that there was a semi-circular silver light screen in front of them. This silver light screen stretched for tens of thousands of miles and extended to the end of their vision. It was likely that it included the entire Eternal Wasteland.
Cheng Wei led the way in front and flew to the front of the light screen. He took out a round plate with a unique shape from his hand.
He gently threw the round plate. When the round plate touched the silver light screen, a gap appeared on the silver light screen!
"It seems like the major factions in this world use this method to enclose their territories. Therefore, outsiders cannot enter the Eternal Wasteland as they wish …"
Cheng Wei was the first to enter the light screen. The others followed suit.
After everyone entered the light screen, Cheng Wei kept the round plate and said with a kind tone, "Everyone, you can start working now. I'll take my leave first."
As a disciple of the Chi You Clan, they needed to experience life and death situations to grow. The Eternal Wasteland was the battlefield for the Chi You Clan and the Xuan Yuan Clan to train. Naturally, it was the best place to train.
After saying that, Cheng Wei turned into a stream of light and disappeared from the eyes of the Aragami.
"Sigh, the disciples of the Chi You Clan are really extraordinary!"
"That's because they are lucky. They were born with the Chi You bloodline. Even if we have a Chi You bloodline desolate bone in our hands, we still can't absorb the power of the Aragami …"
"Let's not talk about the Chi You bloodline. Any bloodline would be good enough for me!"
"Dream on …"
Bloodlines were predestined from birth.
Ordinary people could not absorb the desolate bone even if they had the bloodline. Just like Luo Zheng who dug up the desolate bone of the Spirit Wolf God, he could not absorb it either.
After Cheng Wei left, the Aragami that were present began to discuss.
Most of these Aragami were not here for the first time. Some of the veterans knew where was the safest and where there were more desolate bones.
During the discussion, Zong Yi, Ji Ming and Mi Qing did not seem to include Luo Zheng in their discussion.
After the three of them discussed for a while, Zong Yi glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "Kid, although I don't want to bring you along, since you are here, you better be smart! I'll bring you to a good place! "
As groups of Aragami left one after another, Luo Zheng's group of four also flew towards a certain direction.
While flying in the air, Luo Zheng silently spread out his spiritual sense and penetrated into the ground …
The moment he penetrated into the ground, his eyes suddenly flashed.
Only then did he understand why these people were willing to risk their lives to enter the Eternal Wasteland!
Just as he entered the Eternal Wasteland, he could sense that there were hundreds of desolate bones hidden underneath …
It was no wonder the Eternal Wasteland of the Black Steel Tribe was abandoned. Compared to this place, it was too barren.
Now, Luo Zheng wanted to move on his own. Even if he were to follow the borders of the wasteland and pick up some that slipped through the net, he would be able to gain quite a bit!
"There's no rush. The deeper we go, the more desolate bones there will be." Luo Zheng calmed himself down and followed behind the three of them.
After traveling for about six to eight miles, Luo Zheng used his powerful spiritual sense to investigate and discovered that there were more and more desolate bones underground. Seeing that he had missed out on so many desolate bones, Luo Zheng felt an unbearable itch in his heart.
"It's here!"
"Sou!"
Zong Yi suddenly stopped in midair and descended downwards.
After the four of them landed, Zong Yi scanned the surroundings and said, "Everyone, split up and search for the desolate bones. Don't go too far. This place is a treasure trove and is relatively safe. Furthermore, there are quite a number of desolate bones here. I have obtained quite a number of desolate bones here previously!"

Chapter 2138
After Zong Yi warned Luo Zheng, he began to search for the desolate bones.
Mi Qing and Ji Ming also each looked for a direction.
These people had different methods of searching for the desolate bones. Mi Qing held a small circular mirror in her hand. From the circular mirror, there was a faint fluctuation of the power of the Rage God. Through that, she could determine the approximate location of the desolate bones.
However, the precision of the mirror was not very high. Even after determining the location, Mi Qing still had to search for a long time.
In comparison, Ji Ming's methods were much more violent.
Ji Ming took out a rake that was hundreds of meters long from his Sumeru Ring. Following that, he stimulated the power of the Rage God in his body, transforming into a giant that was hundreds of meters tall.
He waved the rake and plunged it into the ground. He constantly flipped the bones on the ground.
Wherever the rake plowed, gullies would appear. After the bones were plowed by the rake, small pieces of desolate bones would stick to the rake.
This method of searching for the desolate bones was very efficient.
Mi Qing and Zong Yi looked at Ji Ming's thousand feet long rake with a hint of envy on their faces.
Ji Ming's background was not bad. He belonged to a large sect under the Chi You race. The rake in his hand was not something an ordinary Rage God could possess.
Since the other three had begun, Luo Zheng naturally could not stay idle.
Compared to the other people's various methods, the only thing he could rely on was his Spiritual Sense.
In terms of the usage of Spiritual Sense, be it technique or strength, they were not on the same level as Luo Zheng.
After choosing an area, Luo Zheng, who was standing on top of the pile of bones, lowered his head slightly. His gaze was slightly unfocused. An invisible Spiritual Sense immediately spread out …
The size, shape, and characteristics of the bones within a radius of dozens of miles were all displayed in his mind.
"This … This …"
Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly contracted. A look of pleasant surprise appeared on his face.
Previously, when they were flying in the sky, Luo Zheng had secretly observed.
The Eternal Desolate Plains was indeed very fertile. However, he did not expect the area that Zong Yi had chosen to be so fertile.
Under the probing of his psyche, he discovered that there were thousands of desolate bones underground. Furthermore, there was a desolate bone that was about ten feet long in the deepest part of the ground!
Zong Yi's group were veterans after all. They had been in the Eternal Wasteland for many years, so they knew where the rewards were the greatest and where the safest places were …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed by, stretching out a hand towards the ground.
The invisible energy drilled into the cracks of the bones, including the desolate bones underground.
Then, he suddenly raised his hand …
"Hualala …"
Dozens of desolate bones were pulled up by Luo Zheng and shot towards his right hand.
Luo Zheng flipped his right hand and activated his sumeru ring. The desolate bones entered his sumeru ring on their own accord.
Be it Mi Qing or Ji Ming, they had to rely on luck to excavate the desolate bones. Luo Zheng's precision in excavating the desolate bones was naturally several times more efficient.
In less than half an hour, Luo Zheng had excavated most of the fine desolate bones in the area. Finally, he stopped at an empty space.
"That ten feet long desolate bone is buried ten thousand feet underground. Digging it out will definitely cause quite a commotion …"
Luo Zheng secretly glanced at Mi Qing, Ji Ming and company who were far away.
Following that, an invisible energy formed a high-speed spiral that drilled downwards.
"Ka Ka Ka Ka …"
Under the high-speed rotation of the energy source, countless bones were sent flying.
In a blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had drilled out a large hole …
The huge commotion immediately attracted the attention of Mi Qing, Ji Ming and company.
Mi Qing flicked her ponytail as her eyes revealed a look of surprise.
Ji Ming glanced at him and chuckled. He then focused on his work and continued to swing the rake that was hundreds of meters long ….
"What is that trash doing?"
Not far away, Zong Yi's face sunk. He immediately walked towards Luo Zheng.
On his shoulder, there was a tiny squirrel looking left and right. It was charmingly naive. The squirrel's body was covered in golden glossy fur. This squirrel had a talent. It was extremely sensitive to the power of the Rage God. Many people who searched for desolate bones would tame one and keep it by their side. Zong Yi relied on this tiny squirrel to search for desolate bones.
"Hualala …"
Bones of all shapes and sizes were constantly being dug out of the large hole and piled up around it.
In less than half an hour, the large hole had reached a depth of seventy to eighty feet …
"It's about time!"
Luo Zheng, who was standing at the bottom of the large hole, spread out his hands. His energy source had penetrated more than two thousand feet into the ground. It quietly transformed into an invisible energy ring that tightly wrapped around the ten feet long desolate bone.
"Up!"
Dragging the large desolate bone, Luo Zheng began to slowly rise.
There were countless bones on top of the desolate bone. Pulling it up required quite a bit of effort.
At this moment, Zong Yi stood at the edge of the large hole and looked down.
He was extremely displeased with Luo Zheng's actions. Furthermore, in Zong Yi's eyes, Luo Zheng did not have the means to search for desolate bones. His actions would only add to the chaos.
The Eternal Desolate Plains was extremely dangerous. If it was discovered by the Xuan Yuan family, it would probably lead to a fatal disaster. He planned on warning the kid not to cause any trouble.
But with a glance, he could not understand what was going on.
Luo Zheng seemed to be dragging something with great effort. The desolate bones at the bottom of the large hole were constantly being pushed aside, as if a massive object was about to emerge.
"What the hell is he doing?" Zong Yi stared intently below.
Soon, Zong Yi saw a large bone suddenly appear at the bottom of the large hole. With Luo Zheng's tugging, the entire bone was pulled up by Luo Zheng!
The larger the desolate bone, the richer the power of the Rage God it contained.
Zong Yi looked at it and immediately felt an intense power of the Rage God …
"This is a desolate bone, a large desolate bone that is about ten feet long!" Zong Yi's eyes suddenly flashed with a strange light, "How is this possible!? How did this kid discover it!? "
The first desolate bones to be discovered in the Eternal Desolate Plains were usually the ones on the surface.
There were some large desolate bones that were thousands of feet long, even tens of thousands of feet long …
However, those large desolate bones were already occupied by the experts in the bone pagodas. Ordinary Rage Gods would rarely see them.
But deep underground, there would always be some that slipped through the net.
These slipped through the net were very difficult to discover using ordinary means. Be it the little squirrel beside Zong Yi or the bronze mirror in Mi Qing's hand, they could not sense the depths of the ground.
As for the rake in Ji Ming's hand … it was impossible for him to plough through the entire Eternal Desolate Plains.
This desolate bone that was about ten feet long was equivalent to two to three thousand pieces of desolate bones.

Chapter 2139
In Zong Yi's eyes, it did not matter how Luo Zheng found the desolate bone. What mattered was that this kid was someone he could easily bully.
After Luo Zheng pulled out the desolate bone, he activated the Sumeru Ring on his finger and kept it gently.
The large desolate bone was immediately kept in the Sumeru Space.
Following that, Luo Zheng looked up at Zong Yi, who was at the edge of the crater, and flew up from the bottom of the crater.
"Kid, your luck is not bad." Zong Yi stared at Luo Zheng and said.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "It is indeed luck."
Seeing Luo Zheng's calm expression, Zong Yi frowned slightly. Was this guy pretending to be calm, or was he not as simple as he looked?
Zong Yi had been in the Eternal Wastelands for many years, and was also a bloodthirsty person. He had seen many people who pretended to be pigs to eat tigers.
However, Luo Zheng did not hide his cultivation level. He was indeed a fledgling Rage God, and did not have powerful strength to back him up …
Upon thinking of this, Zong Yi's face turned ferocious. "It can't be considered luck. I was the one who brought you here. If you dig up any desolate bones here, I naturally have a share. This is the rule I set."
"You set the rule?" Luo Zheng looked at Mi Qing and Ji Ming in the distance, and asked, "That is to say, they will also give you a share?"
Zong Yi smiled coldly, "They are them, and you are you. What's the point of saying so much nonsense? Since I saw that desolate bone, I have to share it with you! "
Mi Qing and Ji Ming's strength was about the same as Zong Yi's, how could they share it with him?
"Oh? How much do you want? "Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly.
"Nineteen. Ninety for me, ten for you. With your insignificant strength, you don't need that many desolate bones." Zong Yi observed Luo Zheng's expression, and thought to himself that this kid was afraid. In his opinion, a trash like Luo Zheng would not dare to go against him no matter how much courage he had.
In fact, according to the rules of the Chiyou race, they were forbidden from killing each other. If they were discovered, they would be severely punished.
But in the Wilderness, as long as Mi Qing and Ji Ming didn't say anything, who would know?
Too many people had died here. Many had been killed by the Xuanyuan Clan, and many had been killed by their own teammates. There were people dying almost every day, and no one would investigate thoroughly.
"That's right," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Hey, at least you know what's good for you." Zong Yi thought that Luo Zheng had agreed, and the smile on his face grew wider.
"I'm saying that your dream was pretty good." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. Then, without looking at Zong Yi, he turned around and was about to leave.
"You! You are courting death! "
A look of anger appeared on Zong Yi's face. Only now did he understand that Luo Zheng had no intention of sharing the profits with him.
As soon as he finished speaking, Zong Yi did not even activate the power of the Rage God. Instead, he charged towards Luo Zheng.
The moment Zong Yi approached Luo Zheng's back, he saw Luo Zheng turn around and stare at Luo Zheng with a gleam in his pitch-black eyes.
"Boom!"
Zong Yi felt a sharp pain in his head, as if he had been hit by a huge rock. He almost fainted.
Just as he was swaying, a long sword flashed in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Puchi!"
The long sword pierced through his neck.
The blade of the Chengying Sword was very thin, and Luo Zheng was very familiar with the bones of the neck and the distribution of blood vessels.
Although the long sword pierced through Zong Yi's neck and looked very exaggerated and terrifying, it did not cause any substantial damage.
"Wu, wu …"
At this moment, Zong Yi did not dare to move at all. He did not even dare to say a word. He stood in place like a puppet, staring blankly at Luo Zheng.
He never expected that the person he called trash would be so fierce. He did not even dare to use the power of the Rage God. If he suddenly enlarged, this sword would directly split his body into two!
Luo Zheng held the Chengying Sword and asked with a calm and gentle smile, "You just said, who is courting death?"
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Mi Qing and Ji Ming quickly rushed over from afar.
When the two of them saw this scene, their faces were filled with shock …
They never expected Luo Zheng to restrain Zong Yi in one strike. They were momentarily stunned.
"What's the matter?" Mi Qing asked.
"Little brother Luo Zheng, let's talk things over. Everyone being in the same group and being able to take care of each other is fate. Besides, the Chiyou race has rules. We cannot kill each other," Ji Ming advised from the side.
Luo Zheng glanced at the two of them and said, "Rules? Does this guy follow the rules? The desolate bones I excavate have to be split with him 10: 9. May I ask what kind of rule is this? "
When Mi Qing and Ji Ming heard this, they looked at Zong Yi in surprise.
10: 9 …
Zong Yi was too greedy.
He only thought that Zong Yi was easy to bully, but he never expected Luo Zheng's counterattack to be so fierce. He was able to restrain Zong Yi in one strike.
"This, this … Little brother Luo Zheng, I was just being greedy. You are a magnanimous person, so please don't be calculative. I know a few places that have a lot of desolate bones. Everyone should be amiable and dig more desolate bones."
Zong Yi's life was in Luo Zheng's hands, so how could he dare to speak nonsense?
People like Zong Yi and Ji Ming had climbed up from the bottom. They relied on their ruthlessness, but they did not have any pride. Once they admitted defeat, they changed their attitude very quickly.
Luo Zheng smiled and stared at Zong Yi and said lightly, "Regardless of whether you are speaking the truth or not, the next time you dare to fight me, you will definitely die. If you don't believe me, you still have one more chance, but it is also your last chance. You have to grasp it well."
When these words were said, Mi Qing and Ji Ming, as well as Zong Yi's expression changed.
From Mi Qing and Ji Ming's point of view, Luo Zheng had caught Zong Yi hostage because he was caught off guard. Even Zong Yi himself thought so.
As long as Luo Zheng released him, Zong Yi could activate the power of the Rage God and transform into an 800-foot giant. Squashing Luo Zheng to death would be as easy as squashing an ant.
They never expected Luo Zheng to be so arrogant, as though he was not afraid of Zong Yi …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's right hand suddenly retracted and pulled out the Shadow Bearing Sword from Zong Yi's neck.
The Shadow Bearing Sword was so sharp that it did not even bring out a drop of blood …
Zong Yi touched the thin wound on his neck and heaved a long sigh of relief.
He sized up Luo Zheng again and thought of Luo Zheng's warning. He could not help but feel a chill run down his spine.
This kid is probably not as simple as he looks.
I'll bear with it and observe the situation. If this kid is really bluffing, it won't be too late to take action …
As for Luo Zheng, he could not be bothered with what Zong Yi was thinking. If he had the time, he might as well dig up more desolate bones.
Although the area was rich in desolate bones, Luo Zheng used his Spiritual Perception to probe and then used his Power Origins to pull them out. His efficiency was terrifying. It could be said that wherever he went, not a single bone was left …
Under Mi Qing and Ji Ming's observation, they could tell something. They were even more curious about Luo Zheng's origins.

Chapter 2140
The four of them traveled another three hundred miles in the wasteland before stopping.
"This is the area," Mi Qing smiled, "This should be the most fertile area in the Eternal Wasteland."
At this moment, the little squirrel on Zong Yi's shoulder began to squeak.
The little squirrel probably smelled the rich Rage God power, which caused it to squeak.
Zong Yi's gaze swept the surroundings, and a vigilant look appeared on his face, "This place is indeed rich in desolate bones, but it's not safe enough."
The Eternal Wasteland was not small, but there was still the possibility of encountering people from the Xuan Yuan clan.
The Rage Gods that entered the Eternal Wasteland all had a common understanding. The fewer desolate bones they dug, the more important it was to survive!
After all, the entry tokens were not worth much, and they only had one life.
"It's not a big problem. This is not the core of the Eternal Wasteland. The elites of the Xuan Yuan clan would not take the risk to come here, right?" Ji Ming said. He was also very interested in the vast amount of desolate bones here.
Although these people were cautious people, they were still taking a huge risk by entering this place.
"Everyone just need to move faster," Mi Qing smiled faintly. She looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of helplessness.
Most of the time, everyone had been watching Luo Zheng excavate the desolate bones.
The desolate bones that this kid dug out alone were probably more than the three of them combined. This kid really took advantage of them.
Luo Zheng did not understand the Eternal Wasteland. He only silently began to inspect the desolate bones. His consciousness was like a net, quietly enveloping a radius of tens of miles …
…
…
Eight thousand miles away from Luo Zheng's group of four.
Lord Cheng Wei of the Chi You clan stood in the air. He was dressed in white, and his expression was calm. A faint aura seeped out, as if he was a young master that had walked out of a painting.
And in front of Cheng Wei, there were eight Rage Gods that were seven to eight thousand feet tall, surrounding him.
"I'm a little surprised. When did you small fries become so bold to come to the core of the Eternal Wasteland to mine?" Cheng Wei asked faintly.
This Eternal Wasteland was the training ground of the Chi You and Xuan Yuan Clans.
The core disciples from both sides would slaughter the Aragami from the other side as much as they could. Meanwhile, all the Aragami from the other side would have to carefully avoid Cheng Wei and the other Aragami from the other side in order to excavate the desolate bones.
Therefore, very few Aragami would go to the core area to excavate the desolate bones. That was simply courting death.
However, this time, Cheng Wei was rather surprised. He actually encountered eight Aragami from the Xuanyuan Clan …
The eight Aragami seemed to have come prepared. The moment they saw Cheng Wei, the first thing they did was not to run away. Instead, they activated the power of the Aragami and planned to launch a counterattack!
"Killing a Chiyou clan disciple gives you a million desolate bones!"
"I can even transplant a portion of the Xuanyuan bloodline!"
"Cut the crap! Everyone, get ready!"
Those Aragami had a ferocious look on their faces. They could not suppress the greed in their huge eyes.
Hearing their words, Cheng Wei was a little surprised.
As the saying goes, a great reward would attract the brave. Just a million pieces of desolate bones was not enough to make these Aragami take the risk.
However, transplanting a portion of the Xuanyuan bloodline … was too tempting.
The cultivation in this world did not require much talent. The biggest difference was the bloodline!
Those who possessed the bloodline would be able to activate the bloodline ability after absorbing the desolate bones that contained the bloodline. Such Aragami would be much stronger than ordinary Aragami.
However, the bloodline was innate. Countless people dreamed of changing their own bloodline.
Some of the big clans could indeed transplant their bloodline to other Aragami. However, these big clans wanted to maintain the purity of their own bloodline. How could they simply transplant their own bloodline?
Just like the Chiyou Clan for countless years, they had only transplanted their bloodline to more than ten outsiders. However, all of these outsiders had contributed greatly to the Chiyou Clan!
How could Cheng Wei not be surprised when the Xuanyuan Clan suddenly gave out such a reward?
The eight Aragami were like eight huge mountains, charging straight at Cheng Wei!
"Huff … Huff … Huff …"
Under the impact of their huge bodies, a strong gust of wind was stirred up.
Cheng Wei's eyes flashed. The warm smile on his face disappeared and was replaced with an indifferent look.
He was like a nimble fish, swimming quickly among the Aragami. At the same time, a light green bamboo sword appeared in his hand.
"Chiyou Desolate Body!"
"Wah!"
When Cheng Wei activated the power of the Aragami in his body, his body suddenly expanded and turned into a giant that was thousands of feet tall.
However, the shape of his giant was very different from the ordinary Aragami.
There was a huge head on Cheng Wei's shoulder. The face of the head was exactly the same as Cheng Wei. However, the face was filled with ferocious aura. It was extremely violent.
Other than that, there was another pair of hands on the side of his body!
Two heads and two pairs of hands!
That was the bloodline ability of the Chiyou Clan!
If he absorbed enough desolate bones, he could even grow three heads and six arms!
At the same time when Cheng Wei's body expanded, the bamboo sword in his hand was the same as Cheng Wei. It had also transformed into a huge bamboo sword that was eight thousand feet long!
"You are … courting death!"
Cheng Wei said calmly.
When one of his heads spoke, the other head spoke as well.
However, one of the voices was cold and indifferent while the other voice was abnormally angry. When the two voices were stacked together, it made people feel weird.
"Swoosh!"
As soon as Cheng Wei transformed into a gigantic Aragami, one of her hands reached out and dragged one of the Aragami over to her. At the same time, her third hand held a bamboo sword and pierced through the head of the Aragami.
"Slash …"
The bamboo sword was extremely sharp. It pierced through the body of the Aragami from top to bottom.
Meanwhile, Cheng Wei did not stop. He turned around and punched out with his huge fists, sending two Aragami flying. He then turned around and pulled out the bamboo sword and slashed it down.
"Puchi!"
The green sword beam swept across thousands of feet of space and slashed through the necks of three Aragami.
Three huge heads were chopped off and rolled down from the bodies of the Aragami, hitting the ground …
Cheng Wei had used two heads and four arms to the extreme. It was almost impossible to defend against. Those Aragami were about the same size as Cheng Wei. However, they could not resist at all and could only retreat.
In the blink of an eye, eight Aragami were slaughtered by him.
"You've overestimated yourself!"
Both of Cheng Wei's heads looked at the eight corpses that were shrinking and said at the same time.
At the same time, Cheng Wei was puzzled. Why would the Xuan Yuan Clan offer such a high price for these useless people to kill the disciples of the Chiyou Clan?
Could it be that they were planning to start an all-out war?
Thinking about that, Cheng Wei subconsciously looked at the tall Skysouth Bone Pagoda from afar.
The grudge between the Xuan Yuan and Chiyou Clans had been going on for a long time. Cheng Wei had heard from the elders of the clan that even in the mother world, the two clans were like fire and water.
However, in this world, in order to survive, the grudge between the clans could be put aside.

Chapter 2141
Just as Cheng Wei was pondering, a small black dot suddenly appeared in front of him.
As the black dot rapidly approached, its body also rapidly expanded. By the time it got close, its body had turned into a giant that was over a thousand feet tall!
The giant's Rage God power was extremely pure, and its body was shining with a pale golden light!
"Xuanyuan Rage Body!"
Seeing the approaching giant, Cheng Wei's face revealed a look of vigilance. He held the bamboo sword in one hand and leaned forward slightly in a defensive posture.
After the Rage God bloodline of the Xuanyuan clan was activated, a layer of pale gold would appear on the surface of their body.
The newcomer must have the bloodline of the Xuanyuan clan.
"Eight Rage Gods were instantly wiped out by you. The new genius of the Chi You clan, Cheng Wei, you really live up to your name!" The person from the Xuanyuan clan laughed.
Cheng Wei looked at him indifferently and snorted, "If you want to fight me, I, Cheng Wei, will gladly oblige. I wonder what's the meaning of sending these small fries?"
The person chuckled, "I'm just letting you warm up. Since I let you in, of course, I won't let you leave this Eternal Wasteland!"
"What do you mean?" Cheng Wei's face sank slightly.
Although the Chi You clan and the Xuanyuan clan were fighting fiercely in the Eternal Wasteland, most of the outsiders were the ones who were killed by the Chi You clan.
However, most of the people who died were outsiders who were excavating the desolate bones. Be it the Chiyou clan's entry token or the Xuanyuan clan's entry token, they were ultimately slaughtered by the other party's core disciples, becoming cannon fodder for the core disciples to train …
And the number of times the core disciples from both clashed was not many. Both sides would even deliberately avoid each other to avoid a huge conflict.
After all, the core disciples of both clans were nurtured using large amounts of Bloodline Desolate Bones. The death of one would be a huge loss.
Now that Cheng Wei suddenly heard the other party's words, he immediately had an ominous feeling.
The person from the Xuanyuan clan probably thought that Cheng Wei would not survive. He chuckled, "It's very simple. The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda has been fighting for so long. It's time for our Xuanyuan clan to move in!"
"You can move in after killing me? Aren't you thinking too simply? "Cheng Wei sneered.
The competition in this world was too intense.
According to the Bloodline Inheritance List, each of the major clans had their own experts overseeing them.
Both the Xuanyuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan were among the top three clans, but above them was the Nuwa Clan, and there were other clans …
If the Xuanyuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan were to fight to the death for the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, the final result would be a third party benefiting from the fight between the sandpiper and the clam. Perhaps, the other major clans would take advantage of the situation to invade the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. This was something that both clans did not want to see.
Therefore, it was impossible for the two great clans to fight to the death over a single Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
Even if he killed Cheng Wei, the Xuanyuan Clan would not be able to enter the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
"Of course we can." The man from the Xuanyuan Clan smiled and said, "As long as we kill a few of your Chiyou Clan's young core disciples, we will naturally be able to win back the Tiannan Bone Pagoda. Hahaha …"
"What do you mean?" Cheng Wei's face sank slightly.
"Even if you're a disciple of the Chiyou Clan, I'm afraid you still don't know that our Xuanyuan Clan and your Chiyou Clan have already made a bet. The limit is the middle-level Aragami. The winner will be able to enter the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda!" The man from the Xuanyuan Clan said calmly, "It's said that each clan can send five people. However, among the younger generation of the Chiyou Clan, Wei Xia, who is ranked second, and Feng Long, who is ranked fourth, I'm afraid they won't be able to participate! Now, Cheng Wei, who is ranked third, probably won't be able to participate, hahahaha! "
Amidst the crazy laughter, two more black dots shot towards them from afar.
These two black dots quickly expanded and turned into two Aragami that were over ten thousand feet tall. The surface of their bodies was also shining with golden light. It was another two people from the Xuanyuan Clan!
Hearing the man's words, Cheng Wei's heart was already in turmoil. He stared at the man and asked, "You killed Feng Long and Wei Xia?"
Among the younger generation of the Chiyou Clan, the most talented five were Mao Xue, Wei Xia, Cheng Wei, Feng Long, and Tu Bai.
Among them, Wei Xia had the closest relationship with Cheng Wei. They often trained in the Eternal Wasteland …
Hearing the man's words, Wei Xia had been killed by them. How could Cheng Wei not be shocked?
Cheng Wei also understood the man's meaning. The Chiyou Clan and the Xuanyuan Clan had just made an agreement, and at the same time, the Xuanyuan Clan took action. They used their fastest speed to eliminate two of the top five people in the younger generation.
The Xuanyuan Clan took advantage of the time difference. This way, they would greatly weaken the Chiyou Clan's elite battle strength, greatly increasing the Xuanyuan Clan's chances of victory!
Wei Xia was dead, Feng Long was dead, and now it was his turn …
"Such vicious thoughts." After Cheng Wei understood this point, the only thought in his mind was to "escape"!
"Hu hu …"
With a twist of his huge body, he shot towards the other side of the Eternal Wasteland.
The man from the Xuanyuan Clan sneered, "Since you're here, we can't let you escape."
After saying that, the three of them chased after Cheng Wei.
…
…
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what was happening in the Eternal Wasteland.
He was still focused on excavating the desolate bones …
In a few hours, he had already accumulated more than 30,000 desolate bones.
With this efficiency, he could probably accumulate hundreds of thousands of desolate bones by entering the Eternal Wasteland a few times a month.
It was no wonder these people were willing to take the risk to enter this place. This way, the efficiency of excavating the desolate bones would increase by several times. Just absorbing these 30,000 desolate bones would probably make him a thousand feet tall.
What if he continued for a month?
"Oh?"
When Luo Zheng released his Spiritual Perception again, he felt something strange. His heart jumped slightly.
He could clearly feel a desolate bone emitting a special energy underground.
"It's a bloodline desolate bone!"
Luo Zheng had seen a bloodline desolate bone before, so he knew that different bloodline desolate bones emitted different auras.
"Sou!"
His figure flashed, and he began to dig downward.
This bloodline desolate bone was not hidden too deep, it was only about 20 feet underground.
Luo Zheng carefully moved the bones away and pulled out a piece of brown desolate bone from the pile of bones …
"This desolate bone's aura …"
The moment Luo Zheng touched the desolate bone, he felt an extremely intimate feeling.
"Could this desolate bone contain a desolate bone of the Chiyou bloodline?" Luo Zheng was excited.
Luo Zheng had the Chiyou bloodline, but there were too few bloodline desolate bones in this world. Previously, after Luo Zheng had excavated a bloodline desolate bone, he had never encountered a second one, much less a desolate bone of the Chiyou bloodline.
In his excitement, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently touched the surface of the desolate bone. With the help of his Spiritual Perception, he drew out a wisp of the Rage God's power.
"Shua …"

Chapter 2142
This was not the first time that Luo Zheng had seen three heads and six arms.
Although the brown Rage God power formed a faint shadow, Luo Zheng was certain that this desolate bone contained Chiyou's bloodline!
Finding a piece of Chiyou's bloodline desolate bone was not bad, but Luo Zheng was still worried.
In the Great Yan Universe, Luo Zheng had swapped his blood to avoid the punishment of the Governing Slate. He did not know if swapping his blood would affect his absorption of the bloodline desolate bone.
Whether the shadow would affect it or not, he would know after giving it a try.
However, it was not suitable to refine the Rage God power in the Eternal Wasteland, so Luo Zheng hid the bloodline desolate bone in his Sumeru Ring.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a series of chaotic footsteps …
Luo Zheng jumped out of the small hole and saw the billowing smoke in the distance. At the same time, he saw countless sinister people running out of the smoke.
These sinister people were fighting to be the first to rush towards Luo Zheng using their hands and feet.
"Have these sinister people … gone mad?"
Mi Qing, who was not far away, saw these sinister people and revealed a look of surprise.
Rage Gods that often traversed the Eternal Wasteland knew that there were a large number of sinister people in the wasteland.
Once, a large faction had wiped out all the sinister people in the Eternal Wasteland. Not long after, a large number of sinister people appeared in the Eternal Wasteland again. It was impossible to kill them all.
The strangest thing was that no one knew where these sinister people came from.
Thankfully, these sinister people had ordinary strength and were not much of a hindrance to the Rage Gods. Everyone just let them be.
However, for them to rush over in such a large group, it was clearly abnormal!
"All of you, scram." When Ji Ming saw the sinister people rushing over, he suddenly brandished the thousand foot long rake in his hand.
"Hua La La …"
In a blink of an eye, hundreds and thousands of sinister people were plowed by the rake, turning into fragmented corpses.
Seeing this bloody scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
He did not feel any malicious intent from these sinister people. Instead, they seemed to be running away from something?
Just as this thought flashed through his mind …
From within the billowing smoke and dust, a 10,000 zhang tall figure suddenly appeared. After this figure passed through the smoke and dust, it directly smashed towards Lu Zheng's head.
When such a huge giant came crashing down, it was as if a huge mountain was pressing down on them!
Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened. He leaped up and circled high up in the sky, barely avoiding this huge monster.
"Rumble …"
The giant smashed into the ground and slid for several thousand feet before coming to a stop, leaving a deep ravine in the ground.
"It's Cheng Wei!"
As Luo Zheng hovered in the air, he couldn't help but look back and see the appearance of the giant. The two had two heads and four arms, but they were all Cheng Wei's face!
However, at this moment, Cheng Wei's enormous body was already riddled with wounds.
"It's actually Young Master Cheng Wei?" Mi Qing's face revealed a trace of surprise.
"Who has such strength, to actually be able to injure Lord Cheng Wei?" Ji Ming's eyes widened like copper bells.
On the other hand, Zong Yi's expression was uncertain. He looked at the billowing smoke and dust in the distance. Within the smoke and dust, there were three 10,000 zhang tall figures.
As these three figures passed through the smoke and dust, they were three giants that were glowing with golden light.
At this moment, Zong Yi, Mi Qing and Ji Ming's expression suddenly became very ugly.
They had been excavating desolate bones in this wasteland for many years. Of course, they knew that this golden light was the special ability of the Xuan Yuan Clan's bloodline!
The reason why Zong Yi was so careful was to avoid these strong warriors. The number of Aragami that died in their hands was uncountable.
Now, Cheng Wei was fighting one against three and was heavily injured. If they were to get involved, they would definitely die!
"Give up, Cheng Wei. Today, you are destined to not be able to leave this Eternal Wasteland." The middle-aged man who was the leader said calmly.
Cheng Wei stood up from the ground. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with one hand. He stared coldly at the three and said, "Aren't you afraid that my Chi You Clan will start a war?"
The middle-aged man laughed out loud, "War? Cheng Wei, you think too highly of yourself! You are just a Middle Aragami from the Chi You Clan. Would the Chi You Clan start a war for you? "
The current situation in this world was very delicate.
Other than Nuwa, Xuan Yuan and Chi You Clans, the fourth ranked Di Jun Clan was also restless.
The true strong warriors of the various clans were all hibernating in the bone pagoda. They rarely made any big movements.
Although Cheng Wei was an outstanding member of the younger generation, if he died, then so be it. The Chi You Clan would not make a big fuss over this.
Furthermore, this Eternal Wasteland was originally a training ground for the disciples of the Chi You and Xuan Yuan Clans. Dying here was a common thing.
Hearing this, Cheng Wei's eyes revealed a trace of despair. It seemed like this Eternal Wasteland would be his burial ground.
The middle-aged man looked like he had the situation under control. His gaze swept across Luo Zheng and the others.
Zong Yi, Mi Qing and Ji Ming's hearts trembled slightly. They only wanted to find a chance to escape. They were not willing to get involved in the conflict between the two clans. However … would they let them go?
As for Luo Zheng, he stood steadily in mid-air. He was weighing the gains and losses in his heart.
Although he was not clear about the origin of the Chi You Clan in this world, based on the Chi You statue in the Sun Palace, they should be of the same clan as him.
If he saved Cheng Wei, it would be a chance for him to enter the Chi You Clan.
However, the three Rage Gods of the Xuan Yuan Clan were not weak. For Luo Zheng, the risk was extremely high.
"Lou Ji, you go and kill those unrelated fellows. Wu Ma Mo and I will deal with Cheng Wei," the middle-aged man said.
As soon as he said this, Zong Yi, Mi Qing and Ji Ming also understood that this was equivalent to sentencing them to death.
However, this group of desperadoes was destined not to sit and wait for death. As soon as the middle-aged man's voice fell, the three of them rapidly grew in size. They turned into giants seven to eight thousand feet tall. They planned to fight to the death!
Meanwhile, Luo Zheng did not activate the power of the Rage Gods. Instead, he used Zhen Yuan to transmit his voice into the ears of Cheng Wei, Mi Qing, Ji Ming and Zong Yi. "Cheng Wei, you stall those two first. I will use my Soul Power to suppress that guy called Lou Ji. The three of you will attack together and kill him. Killing one of them will make things easier."
When Cheng Wei and the others heard Luo Zheng's voice, their faces revealed a strange expression.
Most of the people in this world mainly cultivated as Rage Gods. The reason for that was because of the environment.
However, all of the Rage Gods had a flaw. That was, their souls were not strong enough.
Fortunately, everyone's Soul Power was not strong. In a battle between Rage Gods, there was no need to consider this weakness.
Naturally, they did not dare to believe Luo Zheng's sudden words.
However, at this moment, they did not have the time to think.
The middle-aged man and the 'Wu Ma Mo' he spoke of were already charging towards Cheng Wei. Cheng Wei instinctively chose to retreat.
At the same time, Lou Ji was like a strong beast. There was a hint of excitement on his face as he charged towards Ji Ming who was at the front.
As for Luo Zheng who had not activated the power of the Rage Gods, Lou Ji had already ignored him like a mosquito.

Chapter 2143
Ji Ming, Mi Qing, and the others could become seven to eight thousand feet tall. They could barely be considered as mid-tier Aragami.
However, their strength was far from being comparable to the Aragami with bloodline.
Under normal circumstances, they would only be slaughtered.
Ji Ming was considered a brave person. He carried the rake on his shoulder and stood still while clenching his teeth. He did not back off when facing Lou Ji from the Xuanyuan Tribe.
As for Zong Yi, he looked like he was going to risk his life. However, he maintained a certain distance and was ready to escape at any time.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ji Ming couldn't care less anymore. He opened his mouth and let out a loud roar. He activated all the Rage God energy in his body and leaped into the air. The rake in his hand was aimed at Lou Ji's head!
At the same time, Mi Qing's figure flashed from the other side. She had a short sword in her hand.
Although it was a short sword, it was a weapon used by a seventy to eighty feet tall giant. The short sword was about a hundred feet long …
"Two small fries dare to resist? Hahaha …" Lou Ji laughed wildly.
These Aragami were the targets of the Xuanyuan Tribe. No matter how many of them there were, they were just a mob. Why would Lou Ji care about them?
The golden light around Lou Ji's body shone brighter. His thick right hand suddenly reached out. He did not dodge. He wanted to snatch Ji Ming's rake …
"Frenzy of Good and Evil!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He activated the Shadow Bearing Sword with his powerful soul energy. The soul attack that contained the True Meaning of Dao went straight to Lou Ji.
"Bang!"
Lou Ji felt as if his head was hit by a heavy hammer. He suddenly felt dizzy.
His consciousness was in chaos at this moment. He stood still as if he had lost his mind.
"I'll smash you to death!"
Ji Ming saw this scene. Although he did not understand how Luo Zheng did it, he knew that it was a great opportunity. He did not hold back at all.
The huge rake smashed at Lou Ji's head!
"Clang!"
Along with a crisp sound, the rake smashed on Lou Ji's head.
The golden light on Lou Ji's head emitted ripples of light. It actually blocked Ji Ming's powerful attack!
"Die!"
On the other side, Mi Qing also grabbed the short sword and stabbed it into Lou Ji's ribs.
"Whoosh!"
The golden light on Lou Ji's body was like an impenetrable armor. Although the dagger was sharp, it was unable to pierce Lou Ji's body.
A look of unwillingness appeared on Mi Qing's face. She flipped over and stabbed out with her dagger again.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Mi Qing's consecutive sword strikes were all aimed at his vital points, but they were all blocked by the golden light.
Ji Ming seized the opportunity to swing his rake several times, but he still couldn't break through the golden light.
On the other side, Cheng Wei was dodging the pursuit of the two Xuanyuan Race members. She was extremely anxious when she saw what was happening. That strange young man had really done it. However, those Aragami could not even break through Lou Ji's Xuanyuan Desolate Body. What a waste of an opportunity!
Unfortunately, he couldn't even take care of himself, so how could he kill Lou Ji?
Lou Ji was hit by Luo Zheng's soul attack, and his mind was in chaos. Just as he regained some consciousness, the expression on his huge face twisted with anger.
As a member of the Xuanyuan Clan, he was actually defeated by these Aragami who had no foundation at all. If it weren't for the fact that the Xuanyuan Desolate Body was known for its defensive power, he would have died on the spot!
"Swoosh!"
Lou Ji's hands reached out like lightning, and with a sudden tug, he pulled Ji Ming's rake away.
His other hand directly grabbed Mi Qing's neck, and with the power of the Aragami in his body, Mi Qing was lifted off the ground.
"Woman … You've got guts," Lou Ji said with a hideous smile.
Mi Qing grabbed Lou Ji's hand tightly, and her body kept twisting, but she couldn't say a word.
Seeing that Lou Ji was about to crush Mi Qing's neck, Luo Zheng's small figure quietly floated in Lou Ji's mind.
At the same time, an almost inaudible voice floated into Lou Ji's huge ear. "Sigh, after all this time, I still have to make a move …"
Lou Ji frowned. He just remembered that there was one guy among the four who hadn't activated the power of the Aragami, and was floating around like a mosquito. That soul attack just now couldn't have been released by that guy, right?
Just as this thought arose in his mind, Lou Ji once again felt a unique aura erupting.
"Boom!"
Another invisible hammer smashed into his mind, causing his soul to be in chaos, and he couldn't think.
Luo Zheng tightly held the hilt of the Chengying Sword with one hand, and lightly held the blade with the other. Hundreds of Divine Dao auras in his inner world once again merged.
"Sword of Dao Fusion!"
"Cut!"
Compared to Lou Ji, Luo Zheng was like a mosquito.
Even if he used the Sword of Dao Fusion to slash out a thousand feet long golden light, compared to Lou Ji's huge body, it was just a thin thread.
But when this crescent-shaped thread came into contact with the golden light on the surface of Lou Ji's body, it suddenly burst out with an ear-piercing screech.
"Zzz zzz zzz …"
The golden light on the surface of Lou Ji's body flourished, and at the same time, it began to flicker wildly, showing faint signs of collapse.
When the thin thread continued to cut forward, there was a "crash", as if a glazed tile was broken. The golden light enveloping Lou Ji's body finally collapsed, and the thin thread directly sank into Lou Ji's neck.
Luo Zheng didn't even bother to check if Lou Ji was dead or alive. His body floated, and he went straight to Cheng Wei.
He didn't want to use the Sword of Dao Fusion in front of others, so he hoped that Ji Ming and Mi Qing could help him kill Lou Ji.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect the difference in strength between an ordinary Aragami and a Bloodline Aragami to be so huge. Lou Ji just stood there, and the two of them couldn't do anything to him. Left with no choice, Luo Zheng could only choose to do it himself.
Mi Qing noticed that the hand that was grabbing her neck was gradually losing its strength. After she pushed Lou Ji's hand away, she quickly took a few steps back, and then she stared blankly at Lou Ji who was motionless.
Ji Ming and Zong Yi were the same. Obviously, they didn't realize what had happened.
After a while, blood flowed out from Lou Ji's neck, forming a clear line of blood. His huge head began to tilt, and rolled down from his body. Only then did they understand that Luo Zheng had killed Lou Ji with his own strength, and he didn't even transform into an Aragami!
"That, that kid was not relying on the power of the Aragami at all," Ji Ming said with a little excitement.
Mi Qing was relatively calmer, but her chest was still moving up and down. After all, she had just walked around the gate of hell. She looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze and murmured, "I've never heard that a True God could have such powerful strength!"
As for Zong Yi, he suddenly took a deep breath. Only then did he understand that Luo Zheng's sword that pierced his neck was definitely not caused by his carelessness.

Chapter 2144
Under the pincer attack of the middle-aged man from the Xuanyuan clan and Wuma Mo, Cheng Wei could not help but retreat.
"Boom!"
The middle-aged man relied on the golden light around his body to punch Cheng Wei.
"Dong Dong Dong Dong …"
Cheng Wei retreated seven to eight steps. Every step he took would leave a huge crater in the ground, causing the Eternal Desolate Plains to tremble.
Just as he stabilized his body, Wuma Mo followed up.
Thankfully, Cheng Wei had two pairs of hands. One of his hands grabbed the bamboo sword and waved it.
An emerald green sword beam came from below, blocking in front of Wuma Mo.
Wuma Mo was somewhat wary of the emerald green sword beam. It was probably the only way to penetrate the Xuanyuan Desolate Body, so he could only dodge.
However, just as he forced Wuma Mo back, the middle-aged man came forward again. With the two of them taking turns, Cheng Wei was unable to retaliate.
He did not even have the time to pay attention to Luo Zheng's battle.
Just now, Luo Zheng had used a soul attack to disturb Lou Ji's soul. This gave him a glimmer of hope.
Unfortunately, the other Aragami were too weak. They were unable to penetrate Lou Ji's Xuanyuan Desolate Body. That glimmer of hope that just rose was extinguished.
Once Lou Ji killed those Aragami, the three of them would pincer him. He would definitely die today.
Upon thinking of this, Cheng Wei felt a tinge of sorrow.
He was unwilling to die in the Eternal Desolate Plains. If he could obtain a few more Bloodline Desolate Bones, he might even have the qualifications to become the number one person among the younger generation!
In his despair, even his fighting spirit was gradually dissipating …
Seeing the middle-aged man charge at him again, he even had the urge to give up resisting.
At this moment, a Quintessential Essence voice transmission entered his ears, "Cheng Wei! I'll disturb the minds of the two. You wait for an opportunity to kill them! "
"What!?"
Cheng Wei's eyes flashed as his gaze wandered. He saw Luo Zheng a few hundred feet away.
Luo Zheng still did not activate the power of the Aragami. He was like a tiny fly floating in the air. He was inconspicuous, but in Cheng Wei's eyes, he had become a life-saving straw!
"Swish!"
Cheng Wei suddenly grabbed the bamboo sword with one hand. Against the middle-aged man's lightning strike, he fell backwards and used one arm to block his chest.
Bang!
The middle-aged man punched him in the arm.
"Crack!"
The arm immediately bent ninety degrees and was broken by the middle-aged man's punch.
The biggest advantage of the Chiyou Desolate Physique was the ability to grow three heads and six arms. Meanwhile, the physical body of the Desolate Physique was far tougher than the ordinary Aragami. Even if the physical body of the Desolate Physique was injured, the Desolate Physique would be able to recover rapidly.
In comparison, the Xuanyuan Desolate Body had an almost abnormal defensive power.
After sacrificing one of his arms, Cheng Wei flipped his body and the bamboo sword in his hand slashed across a distance of over ten thousand zhang, drawing a huge arc in the air.
His sword went straight for Wu Ma Mo.
"Are you going to risk your life? Unfortunately, your life is already worthless. You can't exchange it for anyone else's life, "said the middle-aged man with a sinister smile.
Cheng Wei's slash at Wuma Mo left him wide open. The middle-aged man was completely capable of killing Cheng Wei before he could strike Wuma Mo!
A cold smile appeared on Wu Ma Mo's face. This Cheng Wei had really given up. Such a clumsy sword could not possibly hit him …
However, at that moment, the middle-aged man and Wu Ma Mo suddenly felt a flash of light at the corner of their eyes.
The two of them looked over and saw Luo Zheng who was as tiny as a fly.
The two of them were stunned. Both the middle-aged man and Wu Ma Mo did not expect that Luo Zheng was still alive.
After Lou Ji attacked, they did not even bother to look. As a member of the Xuanyuan Tribe, it was too easy for Lou Ji to take care of four Aragami.
The moment they saw Luo Zheng, they did not think that Lou Ji was dead. Instead, they were surprised that Luo Zheng could escape from Lou Ji's hands.
However, just as this thought flashed through their minds, they saw Luo Zheng raise the Chengying Sword slightly.
"Weng!"
The dual-colored sword gleam flashed past.
"Kaboom!"
The middle-aged man and Wu Ma Mo instantly felt as if a sledgehammer had hit their heads.
Especially Wuma Mo, who reflexively hugged his head and howled madly.
"Kacha …"
Cheng Wei's sword had already slashed towards Wu Ma Mo. If they were not suffering from the soul attack, the middle-aged man could easily block the sword and Wu Ma Mo could easily dodge it.
However, because of the soul attack, the situation changed!
The bamboo sword slashed onto the golden light on the surface of Wu Ma Mo's body. The golden light was instantly shattered.
After the first slash shattered the golden light, Cheng Wei's second slash followed.
This sword went straight for Wu Ma Mo's chest. With a "puchi" sound, the bamboo sword had only pierced halfway when Cheng Wei's body pressed down and his long sword flicked upwards, directly splitting Wu Ma Mo's head into two halves!
After dealing with Wu Ma Mo, Cheng Wei waved his bamboo sword and stabbed at the middle-aged man again.
However, although the middle-aged man was suffering from Luo Zheng's soul attack, his consciousness recovered very quickly. In less than half a breath's time, his eyes were clear again.
When the middle-aged man saw that Wu Ma Mo was killed, he was shocked.
In this world, there were very few Aragami who could use soul attacks. Of course, this was excluding the true experts of the major clans because those experts were not even born in this world!
That kid was just a fledgling Aragami. The Aragami power in his body was not very rich. How could he unleash such a powerful soul attack?
Although the middle-aged man was shocked and afraid, his mind worked very quickly.
As long as he dealt with this kid, Cheng Wei would still not be his opponent!
He took a step to the right and his huge body did a somersault in the air, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
"Be careful!"
When Cheng Wei saw this scene, she also reminded him.
Luo Zheng floated in the air and watched the middle-aged man's huge body roll over. It was like a huge mountain rolling over.
However, he did not panic at all. As the Chengying Sword in his hand flashed, a smile appeared on his face.
"Weng!"
The middle-aged man suffered another soul attack.
His tumbling body instantly lost its balance and landed heavily on the ground.
Faced with such an opportunity, how could the battle-hardened Cheng Wei let it go?
He flew up and grabbed his bamboo sword with both hands. Before the middle-aged man regained consciousness, the bamboo sword in his hand pierced through from top to bottom …
"Pfft!"
That bamboo sword nailed the middle-aged man's head to the ground.
The middle-aged man's body reflexively struggled for a while and then stopped moving.
Cheng Wei held his bamboo sword tightly. His expression was still a little nervous.
After the middle-aged man died, the Aragami power in his body began to dissipate. His mountain-like body began to shrink rapidly.

Chapter 2145
Cheng Wei never thought that he would be able to escape from death. To him, this was a hopeless situation.
However, in the short span of a dozen breaths after Luo Zheng's appearance, everything was reversed.
Until now, he still had not recovered from the shock …
"Thank you," Cheng Wei said sincerely to Luo Zheng, "I, Cheng Wei, will remember your kindness of saving my life."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "If I did not help, they would have killed you and come after me. Saving you is also saving ourselves. Don't take it to heart."
Cheng Wei shook his head, "This is different. Without you, I would not have been able to kill them."
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, Mi Qing, Zong Yi, and Ji Ming returned to their original forms and rushed over.
"Lord Cheng Wei, are you alright? Lord Cheng Wei was being chased by three people from the Xuanyuan Clan, but you were able to fight them alone. You are probably invincible among the younger generation of the Chiyou Clan … "Zong Yi's face was full of flattery.
In Zong Yi's eyes, Cheng Wei was an unattainable noble.
Now that they had gone through the same ordeal, he naturally wanted to grab this opportunity to get close to this noble. In the future, he might even have the chance to enter the bone tower and join the Chiyou Clan!
When Mi Qing and Ji Ming heard this blatant compliment, their brows furrowed.
As long as one was not blind, one could tell that the key to this battle was Luo Zheng.
If not for Luo Zheng's powerful soul attack, not only Cheng Wei, but all of them would have become corpses.
But in order to flatter Cheng Wei, this Zong Yi spoke nonsense the moment he opened his mouth.
Cheng Wei glanced at Zong Yi. These Aragami were nothing in Cheng Wei's eyes. Zong Yi was more like a clown.
He saw Mi Qing and Ji Ming fighting back, but Zong Yi was standing far away. Clearly, he did not plan to help.
Cheng Wei did not expect these people to save him. After all, they were here to collect the desolate bones. They had no obligation to save the Chiyou Clan. However, this guy did not do anything and still stuck to him. It was very annoying.
He ignored Zong Yi. As a core disciple of the Chiyou Clan, Cheng Wei naturally knew the secret of the bone tower.
Although there were many Aragami in this world, three years later, under the purification of the Light of Judgment, all of them would be wiped out.
Unfortunately, most people didn't know that the Grim Reaper was rapidly approaching.
"We can no longer stay in the Eternal Wastelands. The Xuanyuan Clan has made a big move. It's extremely dangerous. Will you leave with me?" Cheng Wei stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Cheng Wei naturally wasn't willing to let go of such a guy.
He was determined to recommend him. Even if Luo Zheng was allowed to enter the bone pagoda, he was still qualified.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I still need to excavate desolate bones. I can look for you in the future."
Luo Zheng would not let go of the opportunity to enter the Chi You race, but he had only managed to dig out two Bloodline Desolate Bones after much difficulty entering the Eternal Desolate Plains.
He was a little reluctant to leave now.
"Excavate desolate bones …" Cheng Wei smiled, "I can give you a million desolate bones!"
A million desolate bones was not a small sum to Cheng Wei, but it wasn't like he couldn't take it out.
Such a person disliked owing favors. If Luo Zheng was willing to accept the million desolate bones, he could at least repay the favor of saving his life.
"A million desolate bones," Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
Such a large amount of desolate bones was indeed tempting to Luo Zheng, but he still rejected it.
Firstly, Luo Zheng felt ashamed to accept it. Secondly, with Luo Zheng's efficiency in excavating desolate bones, it wouldn't be too difficult to accumulate a million desolate bones in the Eternal Wastelands. More importantly, Luo Zheng still needed the Bloodline Desolate Bones.
Luo Zheng's rejection made Cheng Wei a little disappointed.
But on second thought, with this guy's soul power, as long as he wasn't surrounded by especially strong Aragami, he wouldn't be in too much danger.
After all, this guy had obtained the Chi You clan's entry token. If he returned to his clan and reported this matter to his clan's elders, it wouldn't be difficult for him to find Luo Zheng.
Before leaving, Cheng Wei took everything from the Xuanyuan clan trio. He chose a few items and gave them to Luo Zheng. Finally, he inquired about Mi Qing and Ji Ming's names and said, "The desolate bones that the three of you excavate this time, you don't have to share it with my Chi You clan. I'll just help you inform them."
Half of the desolate bones excavated in the Eternal Wastelands had to be given to the Chi You clan. Previously, there were people who were unwilling to share, and the Chi You clan had sent experts to kill them.
Now, no one dared to violate this rule.
Mi Qing and Ji Ming's faces were immediately filled with joy. Luo Zheng's face also suffused a smile.
As for Zong Yi, his expression was extremely ugly. The three people that Cheng Wei mentioned were Luo Zheng, Mi Qing and Ji Ming, but he was not included.
Why would Cheng Wei care about Zong Yi's mood?
After bidding farewell to Luo Zheng, his body rose up and flew out of the Eternal Wastelands …
"Are you still excavating desolate bones here?" Luo Zheng stared at Mi Qing and asked.
Actually, Mi Qing was also a little frightened after experiencing this battle. She originally had the intention of retreating.
However, after hearing that Cheng Wei did not have to share it with the Chi You clan, she naturally wanted to seize the opportunity. After all, every piece of desolate bone they excavated was equivalent to two pieces of desolate bones!
Most importantly, the strength that Luo Zheng displayed gave Mi Qing a sense of security.
She had clearly seen that Luo Zheng had used his own strength to kill Lou Ji …
Although Cheng Wei had also killed two of the Xuanyuan clan's Aragami, it was completely due to Luo Zheng's soul power suppression.
In other words, if not for Cheng Wei, Luo Zheng could have easily killed all of the Aragami by himself!
With such an expert accompanying them to excavate desolate bones, they could almost do whatever they wanted in the Eternal Wastelands. She did not believe that the Xuanyuan clan would send someone even more powerful for them.
Among the four of them, only Zong Yi was unhappy. Luo Zheng, Mi Qing and Ji Ming began excavating the desolate bones in full swing.
The Chi You clan's entry permit had a time limit. Their entry permit had a time limit of 18 days.
On the first day, Luo Zheng harvested more than ten thousand desolate bones. He also dug up two desolate bones that contained the Chi You bloodline. In the following days, Luo Zheng's good luck continued.
On the second day, although he did not dig up any bloodline desolate bones, he dug up a large desolate bone that was more than 20 feet tall! This attracted a wave of envy from Mi Qing.
On the third day, Luo Zheng dug up three bloodline desolate bones. However, the desolate bones did not contain the Chi You bloodline …
Maybe it was because of the Xuanyuan clan's plan to fight for the Heavenly Bone Pagoda, the Eternal Wastelands was very peaceful during this period of time. The Aragami's collection of desolate bones was also very smooth.
18 days later, Luo Zheng had accumulated nearly 200,000 desolate bones. Other than that, he had also obtained about seven to eight different bloodline desolate bones. In total, there were dozens of desolate bones.
The only thing that made Luo Zheng depressed was that there were only four Chi You bloodline desolate bones.

Chapter 2146
After leaving the Eternal Desolate Plains, Luo Zheng and company returned to the stronghold.
According to the rules, the Aragami had to check all the desolate bones they dug up, and then let the Chi You race take half of them before they could leave.
They would use a mystic technique to detect the number of desolate bones dug up by the Aragami. Even if they were stored in a spatial ring, they could not be taken away. They had to be checked by the Aragami.
Luo Zheng and company did not need to share the desolate bones they obtained, but they still needed to go through the process.
"Lord Cheng Wei has already instructed that the Chi You clan will not share any of the desolate bones you obtain. We will exchange the bloodline desolate bones for you at market price." The green-dressed woman smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng after saying that.
Maybe it was because of Cheng Wei, but the green-dressed girl was very polite to Luo Zheng.
Exchanging the bloodline desolate bones at market price was a common practice. After all, the Aragami here did not have any special bloodline, so the bloodline desolate bones were useless. They might suffer a loss by exchanging them at market price, but it was also convenient.
Mi Qing and Ji Ming did not have any objections. They also handed over the bloodline desolate bones they dug up. Following that, someone came in to take them away. After the price was evaluated, they would be given the same amount of desolate bones.
"Exchanging the bloodline desolate bones at market price?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The green-dressed girl noticed Luo Zheng's expression and said with a smile, "Yes, the exchange price will not make you suffer a loss."
"That's not the problem. It's just that one of the bloodline desolate bones is very useful to me. I'm afraid I can't exchange it for it." Luo Zheng said.
The green-dressed girl was in a dilemma. Although Cheng Wei had given the order, the various bloodline desolate bones had to be handed over to the Chi You race for storage.
After all, the large races lacked their own bloodline desolate bones. They could only exchange the bloodline desolate bones with each other.
And Luo Zheng clearly did not have any bloodline. What did he need the bloodline desolate bones for?
After some thought, the green-dressed girl said, "Can I see the bloodline desolate bones you dug up?"
Luo Zheng nodded and took out the bloodline desolate bones from his spatial ring …
"So many?"
Seeing the bloodline desolate bones on the table, the green-dressed girl was surprised.
Mi Qing, Ji Ming, and the surrounding attendants were all stunned.
On the table, there were all sorts of bloodline desolate bones that emitted various colors of light. Green, brown, blood, green …
After listing them out, there were actually more than eighty pieces!
When a normal Aragami entered the Eternal Wastelands, they would be able to excavate at most fifty to sixty thousand pieces of desolate bones. Some of them would only be able to excavate thirty to forty thousand pieces. After all, this Eternal Wastelands was not like other Eternal Wastelands. One would have to take a certain amount of risk and would not dare to venture too deep into the core region.
As for Bloodline Desolate Bones, it would be considered pretty good if one could dig out four or five pieces. Even with heaven-defying luck, one would only be able to obtain about ten pieces. Yet, Luo Zheng had managed to obtain more than a hundred Bloodline Desolate Bones, so it was naturally hard for them to understand.
Even though Mi Qing and Ji Ming had been excavating desolate bones with Luo Zheng, and knew that Luo Zheng had an unparalleled sensitivity towards desolate bones, they never expected him to obtain so many bloodline desolate bones.
"What kind of bloodline desolate bones do you want to preserve?" The green-dressed girl stared at the bloodline desolate bones and asked.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and picked out four brown desolate bones from the table. He brought them in front of him and said, "I only need these four bloodline desolate bones. The rest of the desolate bones can be exchanged for normal desolate bones."
Seeing the four bloodline desolate bones, the green-dressed girl's beautiful willow-like eyebrows twitched slightly, "You cannot take away the desolate bones that contain the Chiyou bloodline."
The bloodline desolate bones of other clans were only used by the Chiyou clan to exchange for the bloodline desolate bones of the Chiyou clan. If Luo Zheng really needed it, the green-dressed girl could give him a way out. However, the bloodline desolate bones of the Chiyou clan were something they were determined to obtain.
Luo Zheng frowned. His greatest goal was the bloodline desolate bones of the Chiyou clan, so how could he give it to others?
"Forgive me for saying this, but Brother Luo Zheng, even if you take this bloodline desolate bone, it would be useless. Could it be that you can absorb the power of the Rage God within it?" Ji Ming could not help but ask.
"That's right. This bloodline desolate bone might not be of much use to you, but it is extremely important to our Chiyou clan." The green-dressed girl also said in such a manner.
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "What if I can absorb the power of the Rage God within it?"
Upon hearing this, the people in the hall were stunned.
Some of them even had expressions of being at a loss whether to laugh or cry.
Only people from the Chiyou clan could absorb this brown bloodline desolate bone. This was common knowledge. For Luo Zheng to suddenly say such a thing, it was somewhat ridiculous.
The green-dressed girl smiled slightly. Just as she was about to speak, a voice suddenly came from the side of the hall.
"If you can absorb the power of the Rage God within this bloodline desolate bone, the Chiyou clan will reward you with an additional fifty bloodline desolate bones." A silver-haired middle-aged man said as he walked.
This silver-haired middle-aged man had a medium build. His eagle-like eyes emitted beams of light that prevented people from looking into his eyes. What was even more peculiar was that the power of the Rage God he emitted was faintly discernible, as if it had reached another level!
Ever since he entered this world, Luo Zheng had seen several Rage Gods. Although their bodies were strong, Luo Zheng was confident of killing them if he used all his strength.
However, this silver-haired middle-aged man was different. He gave off an unfathomable feeling to Luo Zheng!
When the green-dressed girl saw the silver-haired middle-aged man, she was surprised. She bowed and said, "Lord Diao Yuan actually came in person. Please excuse me for not going out to meet you."
Diao Yuan waved his hand and stared at Luo Zheng. He carefully sized him up and chuckled, "A person of the wilderness actually managed to cultivate to an Upper True God. I really don't know what kind of fortuitous encounter you have!"
Those who lived in the bone pagoda would not call the Rage Gods outside the bone pagoda 'lowly commoners'. After all, it was too disrespectful. He only said 'a person of the wilderness'.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and asked, "What you said just now, is it true?"
"Of course it's true. However, there's no need to try. You definitely can't do it. Hahaha." Diao Yuan laughed heartily and said, "However, you saved my nephew Cheng Wei's life. He said that you are very resourceful. My Chiyou clan is in need of people. Bestowing you with a Chiyou bloodline is not a difficult matter.
Are you willing? "Diao Yuan had specially come for Luo Zheng.
This time, the Chiyou clan and the Xuanyuan clan had made a bet to determine the ownership of the Eternal Wasteland and the Southern Sky bone pagoda.
However, when the Xuanyuan clan made the bet, they actually killed Wei Xia and Feng Long of the Chiyou clan.
These two people were the strongest of the younger generation of the Chiyou clan. If they lost these two people, the Chiyou clan would most likely lose the bet.
Although the Chiyou clan was furious, the other party had acted according to the rules. They had nothing to say. They could only blame themselves for not being vigilant enough and falling for the other party's trick.
After Cheng Wei returned to the bone pagoda, he recommended this person to Diao Yuan. Diao Yuan did not say anything and directly rushed to the stronghold. He wanted to see if this Luo Zheng was as miraculous as Cheng Wei said.
When everyone in the hall heard Diao Yuan's words, their eyes immediately burned with passion.

Chapter 2147
Transplanting a bloodline was not an easy task. It was said that it required the mighty figures of the Chiyou clan to do it personally.
To most of the Rage Gods in this world, it was no doubt a chance to change their fate.
In the past, only outsiders who had made great contributions to the Chiyou clan had the right to do so.
If not for the pressure from the Xuan Yuan clan, the Chiyou clan would not have given Luo Zheng a chance to absorb him.
Even Diao Yuan thought that Luo Zheng's luck was pretty good to have encountered a rare opportunity. In his opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely be extremely excited to agree to this matter.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng only nodded his head lightly, "Of course I'm willing. But before that, I still wish to give it a try. I want to know if I can absorb the power of the Rage God."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the green-dressed girl, Mi Qing and company looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at an idiot.
This was such a lucky reward, but Luo Zheng did not appreciate it?
Diao Yuan frowned. He was a little angry and could not help but taunt, "Alright, then I'll see if you can absorb the power of the Rage God from our Chiyou clan!"
Luo Zheng did not speak further. He swept the bloodline desolate bones into his hand.
In fact, Luo Zheng himself was unsure if he could absorb the bloodline desolate bones. After all, he had undergone a blood exchange, so he did not know if he could be compatible with the bloodline in the desolate bones.
"Lord Diao Yuan, this will waste the desolate bones …" The green-dressed girl said worriedly.
If Luo Zheng were to extract the power of the Rage God from the desolate bones, he would not be able to absorb it. Then, the power of the Rage God would dissipate.
Letting Luo Zheng experiment with a desolate bone from their clan was like child's play.
"No problem!" Diao Yuan waved his hand and said enthusiastically.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently moved the brown desolate bones' surface. The brown power of the Rage God gushed out like spring water.
"Draining Spring Technique?" Someone saw Luo Zheng's technique and revealed a look of disdain.
Although Little Yun belonged to the clan of the wardens, the Aragami technique that she practiced was not inherited from the clan. She had learned the Draining Spring Technique from somewhere else. Moreover, it was a relatively clumsy technique.
Seeing Luo Zheng use such a clumsy method, these people naturally looked down on him.
When Diao Yuan saw this method, he was even angrier. This Bloodline Desolate Bone was probably going to be wasted.
After Luo Zheng extracted the brown Rage God power, he guided it into his body.
When the power of the Rage God seeped into his body, Luo Zheng immediately felt a different kind of power!
This kind of power contained a primitive restlessness, which even affected Luo Zheng's heart. He had a kind of intimate feeling, and his heart began to violently contract. He had a feeling that he couldn't wait to release the power in his body.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Wisps of brown Rage God power seeped into his body, but not a single wisp escaped.
In a short while, the power of the Rage God within the Bloodline Desolate Bone was completely absorbed. Everyone in the hall remained silent as they stared intently at Luo Zheng.
Even Diao Yuan was dumbfounded.
If the bloodline did not match, the body would reject the power of the Rage God. Even if it was forcefully absorbed, it would be rejected by the body, dissipating into the world. This was common knowledge …
However, Luo Zheng had completely absorbed it!
More importantly, after absorbing so much power of the Rage God, Luo Zheng did not dissipate a single bit!
Even Diao Yuan himself would waste about 30% of the Rage God's power when refining a desolate bone. Yet, this kid's body was able to store all the Rage God's power. This matter was even more shocking than absorbing the Chiyou clan's bloodline desolate bone!
"You already knew that you have the Chiyou bloodline? Who are your parents? "Diao Yuan asked incredulously.
Diao Yuan could only believe that Luo Zheng was originally from the Chiyou clan.
However, the Chiyou clan did not allow intermarriage with other clans. In this world, everyone from the Chiyou clan was gathered in the Heaven's Spirit Bone Pagoda. It was impossible for anyone to be left out.
Now, Luo Zheng had suddenly appeared, and he actually had the bloodline of the Chiyou clan. Diao Yuan could not understand it.
"You will not know my parents." Luo Zheng smiled. "However, Lord Diao Yuan seems to want to fulfill his promise?"
Diao Yuan looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. After a while, he said, "If I know of your origins, I will fulfill my promise. Those bloodline desolate bones are all yours. After you pack them up, follow me."
"I still want to excavate desolate bones …" Luo Zheng said.
"I'll give you as many desolate bones as you need, but don't even think of getting a single entry token." Diao Yuan said coldly.
"…"
With Diao Yuan saying this, Luo Zheng could not reject him.
The green-dressed woman was good at reading people's expressions. She knew that this was not a trivial matter, so she sent people to exchange for Luo Zheng's other bloodline desolate bones. As for the remaining three Chiyou bloodline desolate bones, she naturally did not mention them.
After these matters were settled, Luo Zheng bade farewell to Mi Qing and company before leaving with Diao Yuan.
Mi Qing and Ji Ming looked at Luo Zheng's departing figure and sighed. They never expected that the fellow who had been mining with them for the past few days was from the Chiyou clan.
However, even if he was from the Chiyou clan, his strength was still unexplainable. They had never seen such a powerful True God cultivator in this world.
High in the sky, Luo Zheng was following behind Diao Yuan.
"Lord Diao Yuan, where are you bringing me to?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Just call me Uncle Diao." Diao Yuan said.
"Uncle Diao." Luo Zheng called out.
"Although I do not know your origins, do you know how long you would have lived if you had not come here?" Diao Yuan asked.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said with a smile, "Three years?"
"You know?" Diao Yuan's eyebrows pricked up.
There were very few people in the wilderness who knew of the Light of Judgment. And these few people would desperately squeeze into the bone pagoda to avoid the misfortune that came once in a thousand years.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded and said honestly, "This is the reason why I came here."
"I'll bring you back to the Chiyou Spirit Bone Pagoda to see how pure your bloodline is. If you are really from my Chiyou clan, my clan will definitely treat you well." Diao Yuan said.
Even though he had seen Luo Zheng absorb the bloodline desolate bones with his own eyes, Diao Yuan still found it hard to believe. After all, what happened to Luo Zheng was illogical …
He mainly cultivated as a True God, had powerful spiritual powers, and possessed the bloodline of the Chiyou clan. He found it hard to imagine that these characteristics would appear in an outsider he did not know.
"How pure is it?" Luo Zheng did not understand what Diao Yuan meant.

Chapter 2148
Luo Zheng nodded and silently followed behind Uncle Diao.
Previously, after absorbing the Bloodline Desolate Bone, Luo Zheng felt that his body had undergone a strange change.
Along the way, he felt that something was about to sprout in his body. Although the feeling was faint, it was real!
Cheng Wei was from the Chiyou race. After he transformed into a Desolate God, he had an extra head and an extra pair of hands. This was the Bloodline Desolate Body of the Chiyou race. He wondered if he could be the same as Cheng Wei if he absorbed enough Bloodline Desolate Bones.
After half a day, Diao Yuan brought Luo Zheng back to Helian City.
Helian City was one of the few huge cities in this area. It was heavily guarded. When Luo Zheng passed by the city, he was very careful and did not dare to cross the line.
Diao Yuan brought him into Helian City. Suddenly, seven to eight beams of light shot out from the city.
Luo Zheng sized them up. These people were probably the upper echelons of Helian City. Although they did not have bloodline, their cultivation was very profound.
"Lord Diao Yuan!"
"Lord Diao Yuan!"
These people cupped their hands at Diao Yuan.
Helian City belonged to the Baihui Sect, which was a subordinate of the Chiyou race. Diao Yuan had a high position even in the Chiyou race. Therefore, these people were naturally very respectful to Diao Yuan.
Apart from being respectful, their eyes were also faintly landing on Luo Zheng.
Previously, when Diao Yuan borrowed Helian City, he said that he had something important to do. This important matter must be the young man behind Diao Yuan.
Diao Yuan asked with an indifferent expression, "Is the teleportation array ready?"
The leader nodded, "It is ready. We await Lord Diao Yuan at any time!"
"Bring me there," Diao Yuan said.
The leader waved his hand and the others dispersed. Then, he led the way and flew towards the west of the city.
In a huge square in the west of the city, a huge teleportation array had been opened. It was like an exquisite lotus leaf emitting a soft pink light. It was slowly rotating.
After Diao Yuan and Luo Zheng landed, they walked towards this exquisite teleportation array.
"Weng …"
As the transmission array rotated, a soft light suddenly wrapped Luo Zheng and Diao Yuan.
In just a split second, the scenery in front of Luo Zheng's eyes constantly flashed by. At this moment, his movement speed seemed to have increased by a million times, ten million times … In a short period of time, he had traversed a long distance!
The principle of this Transmission Array was different from the one Luo Zheng had seen before.
After a short while, a white jade wall appeared in front of Luo Zheng!
The end of the wall could not be seen from left to right, nor could it be seen from bottom to top!
"This wall …"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he immediately reacted. This was a bone pagoda!
This enormous beast bone was about the same height as the Deity Domain. It was probably hundreds of trillions of kilometers tall. Although the beast bone was relatively thin, it was probably hundreds of trillions of kilometers wide.
Right now, he was standing right below the bone pagoda. He was even smaller than a speck of dust. Naturally, he couldn't see the whole picture of the bone pagoda.
Standing under such a huge bone pagoda, Luo Zheng was even more shocked.
"This is the Heavenly Spirit Bone Pagoda. It belongs to our Chiyou Clan." Diao Yuan's face was somewhat proud.
Any clan that could occupy a bone pagoda in this world was a super clan.
Even if some clans had special bloodlines, they could only share a bone pagoda with other clans. But the Heavenly Spirit Bone Pagoda completely belonged to the Chiyou Clan!
"I've heard that these bone pagoda are the remains of an ancient god. Then how powerful was this ancient god when he was alive?" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
Imagine the incomparably huge body of an ancient god. Even if the Deity Domain was enormous, it could still be trampled underfoot by an ancient god. That is, if an ancient god had legs.
"That's not something we can think about," Diao Yuan said indifferently. At the same time, he looked at Luo Zheng with surprise.
Many people knew that these beast bones were the remains of an ancient god, but very few people would try to find out how powerful this ancient god was. This brat …
Luo Zheng nodded and followed Diao Yuan into the Heavenly Spirit Bone Pagoda.
At the bottom of the Heavenly Spirit Bone Pagoda, there was a giant crack that was millions of feet high. When Luo Zheng entered the crack at the bottom of the bone pagoda, he was immediately enveloped by a strange aura.
When this aura enveloped him, Luo Zheng felt slightly oppressed.
At the same time, Luo Zheng seemed to hear a strange cry …
This sound seemed to be telling Luo Zheng something. It constantly lingered in Luo Zheng's ears, but when he listened carefully, he couldn't hear anything. When he wasn't paying attention, the sound seemed to come from the depths of his soul. It was a very strange feeling.
Diao Yuan noticed the change in Luo Zheng's expression and said, "Although the ancient god is dead, its will won't dissipate quickly. It might stay here forever. You'll get used to it after a period of time."
Even if a True God died, the powerful aura of their body would last for a long time, let alone an ancient god.
Luo Zheng naturally understood, but he still had other questions. "The people of this world are absorbing the power of the desolate bones. Can the remains of the ancient god be absorbed?"
Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng's question, Diao Yuan suddenly laughed. "Hahahaha, good idea. If you can absorb the power of the Rage God in this bone pagoda, you'll be invincible in this world. But this is just a thought. Let's not talk about refining the power of the Rage God in this bone pagoda. Even if you use your full strength, you won't be able to damage it. Even the almighty of my Chiyou Clan can't do it …"
These people had lived in the bone pagoda for countless years. If Luo Zheng could think of something, there was no reason for them not to.
But for countless years, no one had been able to damage the bone pagoda, not even a crack!
These bone pagoda were filled with huge cracks. The Chiyou Clan lived in the huge space formed by these cracks. But these cracks were not opened by the Chiyou Clan. They existed in the first place.
According to their speculations, the ancient god was severely injured before falling into this world. The mottled cracks on the bone pagoda were also left behind at that time.
If the corpse of the ancient god was intact and there were no cracks on the bone pagoda, then no one in this world could hide in it.
There was a precedent for this.
For example, the Heavenly Desolate Bone Pagoda. There were no cracks on the bone pagoda, and no one had been able to open a crack on it. Therefore, the Heavenly Desolate Bone Pagoda was not occupied by any clan. Therefore, it was worthless.
The two flew along the cracks. The space in front of them suddenly narrowed. It was so narrow that only one person could pass through.
But after a while, it suddenly opened up. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a huge space. In this space, there were three big cities. The buildings in these cities were orderly. Many Rage Gods were hurriedly shuttling back and forth.
"Have we arrived?" Luo Zheng asked.
Diao Yuan shook his head. "These are only the three major sects under our Chiyou Clan. Our Chiyou Clan is at the top."
As he spoke, he pointed at the dome above. On one side of the dome, there was a wide crack. On one side of the crack, there was a row of steps that extended to an extremely high place.

Chapter 2149
Diao Yuan and Luo Zheng flew to the top of the dome and climbed up the stairs.
After climbing for a distance, Luo Zheng saw a statue of Chiyou with three heads and six arms.
Diao Yuan walked forward and bowed towards the statue of Chiyou. He said to Luo Zheng, "This is the leader of our Chiyou race. You have to worship him sincerely before you can join our race."
Although Diao Yuan was able to bring Luo Zheng into the bone pagoda smoothly, it was actually very difficult to obtain the qualifications to enter the bone pagoda.
The Judgement Light that occurred once in a thousand years would take away anyone's life. Those who knew of this would fight to join the bone pagoda. Even if it was just a job as a guard in a sect under the Chiyou race, they would still be willing …
After all, only by joining the bone pagoda could one live longer.
As for walking up the stairs and entering the territory of the Chiyou race, it was the dream of countless Aragami!
It meant obtaining a Chiyou bloodline, which meant countless possibilities.
Every member of the Chiyou race was abnormally respectful towards Chiyou. When entering or leaving the territory of the Chiyou race, they had to bow to the statue of Chiyou.
Luo Zheng absorbed a piece of bloodline desolate bone in front of Diao Yuan. Although Diao Yuan could not understand the reason behind it, there was no doubt that he had treated Luo Zheng as one of his own race.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate.
According to his mother, Chiyou was his grandfather. He followed Diao Yuan's example and bowed.
After that, the two of them walked up the path again. Soon, Luo Zheng saw a blazing fire in the cave ahead. It illuminated a huge and spacious cave.
And in this cave, there was a huge palace. This was the true territory of the Chiyou race.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
Six to seven people flew over from the territory.
The leader had messy hair and a muscular body. His upper body was naked. Before he arrived, his voice could be heard, "Haha, Diao Yuan, are you going to bestow a portion of our race's bloodline to this kid?"
When Diao Yuan saw this person, he showed a slightly displeased expression. He only replied coldly, "So what if I am? Qi Chang, do you have any objections? "
Although the Chiyou Tribe was very united internally, there were always some disputes.
According to the rules of the Chiyou Race, only ten bloodlines could be given out in a thousand years, and each bloodline was extremely precious.
The bloodline of these Chiyou people was not pure. Even if both parents were Chiyou people, their children might not have the bloodline of Chiyou people. Therefore, there were often disputes among the Chiyou people over these ten bloodlines.
Therefore, it was even more difficult for outsiders to obtain the Chiyou bloodline.
This time, there were only three years left before the thousand years. There was only one Chiyou bloodline left to be transplanted. Naturally, all the people in the Chiyou Tribe were fighting for the ownership of this bloodline.
The burly man with messy hair was called Qi Chang. One of his brothers was the Sect Master of the Blue Moon Sect, a subordinate of the Chiyou Clan. For the sake of his brother, Qi Chang naturally tried his best to obtain this bloodline.
Seeing that it was about time, a sudden change occurred in the Chiyou Race.
The fall of Wei Xia and Feng Long led to a situation where there was no one in the younger generation that could be used.
Cheng Wei safely returned to the Chiyou Race and recommended Luo Zheng to the Chiyou Race.
When the upper echelons of the Chiyou Race heard of Luo Zheng's methods, they decided to first test Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng was really as strong as Cheng Wei said, then the last Chiyou bloodline would be transplanted to Luo Zheng.
Diao Yuan was ordered to bring Luo Zheng back. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng to refine the desolate bones of the Chiyou bloodline in front of him. The situation had changed unexpectedly. Diao Yuan did not know what to do and could only bring Luo Zheng back first.
However, Qi Chang did not know. He only thought that Luo Zheng was here to fight for the bloodline. Naturally, he was angry from the bottom of his heart.
"How would I, Qi Chang, dare to have any objections to the Grand Elder's decision? However, I am suspicious. Can this kid really pass the test? " Qi Chang sized up Luo Zheng and laughed, "I don't know where he managed to cultivate his True God cultivation. These people in the wilderness are always strange …"
Although Luo Zheng had absorbed a Chiyou bloodline desolate bone, the amount was too little. Qi Chang could not detect it.
Hearing Qi Chang's words, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. No one would be too happy to be mocked and ridiculed by a stranger.
Diao Yuan smiled coldly, "Don't worry. There is no problem for him to pass the test. I believe in Cheng Wei. That child would not lie. However, there is something that will disappoint you. Luo Zheng does not need to pass the test!"
Qi Chang's face darkened and asked, "What do you mean? The Grand Elder plans to directly transplant the bloodline to him? "
"Heh," Diao Yuan looked at Qi Chang's expression and was secretly pleased. He deliberately did not explain and turned to Luo Zheng, "Follow me! I will bring you to see the Grand Elder! "
"Shua!" Qi Chang blocked in front of Diao Yuan, "Speak clearly! Otherwise, don't even think of leaving! "
Diao Yuan stared coldly at Qi Chang and asked, "What? Do you want to fight? "
Qi Chang's face was gloomy, but he stood firmly in front of Diao Yuan. The atmosphere was tense.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless smile. This Diao Yuan … couldn't it be better if he spoke clearly?
Seeing the confrontation between the two, a light laughter drifted over, "Diao Yuan, no matter who wants to join my Chiyou clan, they must pass my test. Even if this child is as special as Cheng Wei said, it is unavoidable. Didn't we agree from the beginning?"
The voice was like a silver bell, pleasant to the ear. Even without seeing the person, one could tell that the person with the voice was extremely beautiful.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the voice and saw a dazzling figure mysteriously appear not far away, floating in the air.
It was a woman with snow-white skin. Her feet were bare, and her slender body was naked. Only a few strands of pink silk wrapped around her private parts. Her silver hair was tied up behind her head, each strand emitting a dazzling silver light. Her beautiful face was bright and moving. Her gentle eyes blinked a few times, quietly sizing up Luo Zheng.
As soon as this woman appeared, the atmosphere immediately eased.
Qi Chang cupped his hands and said, "Grand Elder, you are right. I think this is Diao Yuan's intention!"
This woman was the Grand Elder? Luo Zheng was also shocked.
Diao Yuan glanced at Qi Chang and said to the Grand Elder, "I, Diao Yuan, have no such intention! I want to see you, Grand Elder, not to transplant a bloodline, because Luo Zheng doesn't need the Chiyou clan's bloodline! "
The Grand Elder didn't understand Diao Yuan's words and continued, "If he really has the strength to fight against the young geniuses of the Xuanyuan clan, then he must transplant a part of our clan's bloodline. After all, according to the bet, the one to fight must be a disciple of our clan. Diao Yuan, you mean …"

Chapter 2150
When the Grand Elder, Qi Chang and the others heard this, their faces were filled with confusion.
Qi Chang's face sank as he stared at Diao Yuan and asked, "Diao Yuan, do you know what nonsense you are saying?"
The Grand Elder's delicate and fair face also had a strange look. She stared at Diao Yuan and asked, "You just said that Luo Zheng was originally a member of our clan?"
Diao Yuan obviously knew that these people would not believe it. If he had not seen Luo Zheng absorb a bloodline desolate bone with his own eyes, he would not have believed it either.
There were a total of 7,000 people in this world with the Chiyou bloodline. All of them were gathered in the Heaven's Spirit bone pagoda, so it was unimaginable for an outsider to possess the Chiyou bloodline.
"Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. He absorbed a desolate bone with the Chiyou bloodline." Diao Yuan nodded and said.
Even though Diao Yuan was so sure, the others still had looks of disbelief, especially Qi Chang. He stared at Diao Yuan warily and said, "Diao Yuan, are you up to something?"
Diao Yuan was unhappy again as he sneered, "Since you don't believe it, then let the Grand Elder test Luo Zheng. I believe that Luo Zheng can pass the test. Letting him obtain an additional bloodline of our clan is not a bad idea!"
If Luo Zheng did not need a bloodline transplant, then the remaining bloodline in the past thousand years would naturally land in the hands of Qi Chang's Sect Master brother.
When Qi Chang heard Diao Yuan's words, he immediately fell silent. Although he did not get along with Diao Yuan, if what Diao Yuan said was true, then this matter was clearly beneficial to Qi Chang.
"Don't argue." The Grand Elder's figure fluttered as she came in front of Luo Zheng. Her mesmerizing eyes stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Whether you possess the Chiyou bloodline, we will know with a test. Qi Chang, go inform the clansmen to bring out this batch of children who are six years old. I'll go make preparations. Luo Zheng, you will participate in the Blood Purification Ceremony with my clansmen."
Saying that, she smiled at Luo Zheng. With a slight twist of her slender waist, she disappeared into the distance.
Not long after …
In a square in the Chiyou clan, four to five hundred Chiyou clansmen were gathered. They were all whispering to each other.
"Why is the Blood Purification Ceremony brought forward?"
"I heard that an outsider possesses our clan's bloodline, so it was brought forward."
"How is this possible? Our bloodline is noble, how can an outsider casually possess it? "
"Could that bloodline have been stolen?"
"That's impossible. What do you think a bloodline is? That you can steal it just because you want to? Even the First Elder doesn't have the ability to transplant a bloodline … "
Luo Zheng and Diao Yuan were standing on one side of the square. When they heard the discussions, Diao Yuan smiled awkwardly and said, "Our Chiyou people attach great importance to our bloodline. It is inevitable that we will be hostile to you. Don't take it to heart."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Naturally, he wouldn't argue with these people.
Everyone waited here for a while before a gentle white light flew over. The Grand Elder had already gracefully landed in the center of the plaza. She smiled and said to everyone, "The Blood Purification Ceremony was originally supposed to be held four months later. Let's bring it forward this time."
The Blood Purification Ceremony was specially used to test the purity of the bloodline. It was usually held once every few years. This Blood Purification Ceremony was specially prepared for the children of the Chiyou Clan who had just grown up.
"Why should it be brought forward?!"
"My Lu 'er just turned six yesterday. It's too unfair to hold the Blood Purification Ceremony today!"
"Yes, holding the Blood Purification Ceremony for an outsider? Don't you take that guy too seriously? What if it's a lie? "
The Chiyou Clan generally believed that they should wait for the children to grow up before testing them. This would increase the purity of the bloodline.
In fact, the purity of the bloodline was determined at birth. It was just that these clansmen wanted to fight for greater benefits for their children, so they set the Blood Purification Ceremony at the age of six.
The First Elder unhurriedly stretched out her hand and gently waved at the crowd. The clansmen in the plaza immediately quieted down. The First Elder said softly, "Those who don't want to participate in the Blood Purification Ceremony can leave. Those who stay can start now."
After that, the First Elder gently clapped her hands. An oval-shaped array suddenly appeared in the center of the plaza. As the light in the array kept flashing, an oval-shaped jade stone floated out.
This jade stone was the size of a washbasin, glowing with a faint milky white light. There were no flaws on its surface, like a huge and complete egg.
When the white jade stone appeared, the First Elder turned to Luo Zheng and said with a faint smile, "Luo Zheng, you can come here."
Luo Zheng nodded and was about to walk over.
At this time, a clansman on the other side of the plaza said, "Why should an outsider be tested first?! My Wu 'er and Ling' er want to be tested first! "As he said that, the clansman came forward with a boy and a girl in each hand.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks and shrugged his shoulders. He wouldn't fight with the children for it anyway.
The First Elder shook her head slightly. These clansmen had always been very repulsive of outsiders. She was somewhat helpless, but it was inconvenient for her to say more. She could only say, "In that case, let's test Wu 'er and Ling' er first."
Wu 'er and Ling' er were a pair of twins. They had just turned six years old. The two children were very happy when they saw the beautiful white jade stone and walked around it.
The First Elder squatted in front of the two children and smiled sweetly at Ling 'er. She reached out and gently pinched Ling' er's hand.
Ling 'er's big eyes blinked a few times and asked, "Big Sister First Elder, why are you holding my hand?"
"Because it will hurt a little," the First Elder said. Her fingertip flickered with a white light as thin as a needle, and she gently pricked Ling 'er's fingertip.
Several drops of blood shot out from Ling 'er's fingertip.
Ling 'er felt pain from her fingertip and was about to open her mouth and cry. The First Elder's finger lightly touched her forehead, and the pain immediately disappeared.
As for the drops of blood, they were led into the air by the First Elder. After they merged into a ball, they splashed onto the jade stone.
A little bit of dark red blood bloomed on the surface of the jade stone. In the blink of an eye, the blood was absorbed by the jade stone.
"Buzz …"
The jade stone began to tremble. The originally pure white jade stone began to turn a faint red light, and it was constantly turning red.
"It's already at the third stage! And the color is still changing! "
"Fourth stage!"
"This Ling 'er of Bo Xu's family is probably at the fifth stage or above, right?"
"I already said that Ling 'er's bloodline purity is definitely good. It's definitely good!" The Chiyou clansman who came over with the two children said excitedly.
After more than ten breaths, the color of the jade stone no longer changed and became stable.
The First Elder announced faintly, "Ling 'er's bloodline is at the upper sixth stage, which is also a quasi-seventh stage. Congratulations to Bo Xu!"
Bloodline purity was divided into ten stages. A sixth stage bloodline was already considered a top grade in the Chiyou clan. In the future, it would be of great use in the Chiyou clan.

Chapter 2151
Bo Xu stepped forward and picked up Ling 'er, throwing her high into the air and cheering.
The Chiyou people around the square also began to cheer …
The sense of racial crisis in this world was very strong. They had to maintain their race's strong bloodline talent.
Ling 'er's performance meant that they had a successor. In the past thousand years, there had only been two sixth-grade bloodline warriors, and Ling' er was the only seventh-grade bloodline warrior. Naturally, it was worth celebrating and cheering!
Ling 'er, on the other hand, was still in a daze. She had no idea what was going on.
Next, it was her brother Wu 'er's turn.
The First Elder did the same. He pierced Wu 'er's finger again and drew a few drops of blood, sprinkling it on the jade stone.
"Drip …"
"Buzz …"
After the blood was absorbed by the jade stone, it vibrated again and began to turn red.
But the speed of the change was very slow.
Bo Xu and the Chiyou people stared at the jade stone nervously.
"Wu 'er's bloodline is not good …"
"Well, after so long, he's only second-grade. I'm afraid he can't even reach third-grade."
"Sigh, the dragon has nine sons, but each son is different. Even if they are twins, the difference in bloodline purity is huge."
After a while, the First Elder announced, "Wu 'er's bloodline is third-grade lower."
This time, Bo Xu silently stepped forward and picked up Wu 'er. He patted his son's back gently. Bloodline purity was completely determined by luck. No one could change it. His family had Ling' er, which was already a blessing from the heavens.
After Ling 'er and Wu' er's bloodline purity was tested, more and more people carried their own children up.
Most of these children's bloodline purity was between third-grade and fifth-grade.
Third-grade was qualified, and fifth-grade was excellent.
Those who passed were a little depressed, but those who got excellent were in high spirits.
Every Blood Purification Ceremony was like this. Some families were happy, and some were sad. The First Elder had seen it many times, so he was very indifferent.
After the children were tested, the First Elder said to Luo Zheng, "Now it's your turn!"
She was really interested in whether Luo Zheng had the Chiyou bloodline or not.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of that oval-shaped jade stone and glanced at it. After absorbing blood for a while, this jade stone would turn milky white again. When it was dripped with blood, it would turn red. The deeper the red, the purer the bloodline would be …
The problem was that Luo Zheng's blood was golden. Would the jade stone be able to detect it?
"Give me your hand," the Great Elder said with a smile.
"Can I do it myself?" Luo Zheng said.
The Great Elder shook her head and grabbed Luo Zheng's arm. She condensed a milky white needle in her palm and stabbed it toward Luo Zheng.
However, the result was beyond the Grand Elder's expectations.
She heard a "ding" sound. The light needle was unable to pierce through Luo Zheng's arm!
"Eh?"
The Great Elder looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. She didn't expect Luo Zheng's arm to be so sturdy. She couldn't even pierce his finger!
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly and said, "I told you to let me do it myself …"
She blinked and condensed another milky white needle. This time, the power of this needle was several times stronger than before.
"Ding!"
She still couldn't pierce Luo Zheng's finger!
An incredulous expression appeared on her pretty face. She glared at Luo Zheng for two or three breaths. Then, she condensed a milky white light again. Under the dense light, a thin white light needle spiraled and emitted an astonishing power.
The light needle shot toward Luo Zheng's fingertip with a "whoosh" sound. This time, it finally pierced through Luo Zheng's finger.
"Drip, drip, drip …"
"Golden blood?" The Great Elder was slightly surprised.
Diao Yuan, Qi Chang, and the other clansmen saw the golden blood and felt strange. They had never seen blood of this color before.
The Great Elder didn't think too much and splashed the drops of golden blood on the jade stone.
After this piece of jade absorbed the golden blood, it rumbled with a "weng" sound.
Then, the color of the jade stone slowly changed …
"It's turning red!"
"This kid, does he really have the blood of our Chiyou Clan?"
"But the speed of change is so slow. It looks like he won't be able to reach the second rank!"
The clansmen looked at the jade stone and began to discuss it.
Qi Chang saw the color of the jade change and suddenly felt happy. "Haha, Diao Yuan, you're really good. The kid you brought back really does have our blood. It's a pity he's only at the second rank. He's a bit of trash …"
As long as they could prove that Luo Zheng had the Chiyou Bloodline, he wouldn't need a blood transplant. This was a good result for Qi Chang.
Diao Yuan frowned and stared at the jade stone. He had a feeling that things weren't so simple.
After ten breaths, the jade stone's surface was still suffused with a faint pink light.
"Wastelanders from the outside aren't good enough. Is he one of our people's offspring?"
"The second rank is too ordinary …"
"He should be content. At the very least, being able to stay in the bone pagoda is his lifetime's worth of good fortune, hehe!"
The First Elder's eyes flashed with disappointment. This result didn't satisfy her, but she still smiled and said, "Congratulations. You do have our blood, but it's a pity it's of a lower rank."
Luo Zheng wasn't too disappointed.
His mother had told him that he had the purest Li Clan blood, and was the most legitimate descendant of the Chiyou Clan. But in the end, his blood had been changed. This result was acceptable.
What was important was that he had proven himself to the Chiyou Clan. As long as he stayed in the Chiyou Clan, he'd accomplished his goal.
Just as Luo Zheng nodded, the jade stone beside him suddenly made a "kacha" sound.
Everyone's eyes turned to the jade stone.
A blood-red crack appeared on the surface of the jade!
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
Every time there was a cracking sound, there would be one more blood-colored crack.
Not long after, the surface of the originally flawless white jade was covered with blood-red cracks.
Hum!
With a tremor, the jade stone's color began to change.
From a faint pink to a bright red, the entire jade stone was a dark red, as if it would bleed from the surface!
Crack crack crack crack …
Soon, the jade stone shattered into countless pieces before everyone's eyes.
The plaza, which had been abuzz with discussion, suddenly fell silent. Everyone was stunned by this sudden scene.

Chapter 2152
Seeing this, the first elder was also a little confused.
The others did not know much about the Blood Purification Ceremony. They only knew that this jade stone could test the purity of one's bloodline, but they did not know the principle behind it.
However, the first elder understood because this jade stone was given to her by her father.
This Crying Blood Stone was very fragile, but it could stimulate the power hidden in one's bloodline. If the power hidden in one's bloodline was stronger, it could stimulate its color.
The Crying Blood Stone could not only test the bloodline of the Chiyou Clan, but also the bloodline of other clans. However, the array laid out was different, and the color changed was also different.
The first elder herself had an upper eighth-grade bloodline, which was a quasi-ninth-grade bloodline. Once, when she dripped her blood on the Crying Blood Stone, the stone turned dark red!
That was because she was the first generation successor of her father, and the purity of her bloodline was far from what other Chiyou Clan members could compare to!
Now, the Crying Blood Stone had turned dark red, but it was broken. What did this mean?
"Luo Zheng, you stay here. I'll be back soon." The First Elder gave him a deep look. She reached out and gently brushed the broken pieces of the Crying Blood Stone. All of the Crying Blood Stone fragments immediately entered her hand.
"Whoosh!"
Her soft waist gently twisted, then she turned into a white light and fled into the distance.
At this time, whispers sounded in the square again …
These Chiyou Clan members were not stupid. They naturally understood Luo Zheng's special ability, and many of them even looked at Luo Zheng uneasily.
"You brat, how did you do it? You actually broke the Crying Blood Stone!" Diao Yuan laughed.
Not to mention that the Crying Blood Stone was broken, the color of the Crying Blood Stone just now was enough to rank it among the ninth-grade bloodlines.
One had to know that in so many years, including the first elder, there were only two people who could rank among the ninth-grade bloodlines in the Chiyou Clan!
"I don't know either." Luo Zheng also looked puzzled.
The first elder shuttled back and forth in the cave for a while, then fled into a narrow cave. After several twists and turns, she arrived in front of a jade wall in a short while.
After standing steadily, she softly called, "Father."
"Purple Jade, what's the matter?" A faint voice came from behind the jade wall. This voice seemed to be unusually tired, but it contained a hint of solemnity.
"The Bloodcry Stone is broken," Purple Jade said lightly.
"If it's broken, then it's broken. This Bloodcry Stone is extremely fragile. The slightest carelessness will cause it to shatter. It's normal that you've used it for so many years. I'll make another one for you in the future," the voice said indifferently, not taking it to heart.
Hearing this, the cub frowned slightly and continued, "The Bloodcry Stone wasn't broken."
"Oh? How did it shatter? "the voice asked curiously.
"Today, Diao Yuan brought back an outsider. Diao Yuan said that this outsider has our bloodline, so I brought forward the Blood Purification Ceremony. I didn't expect that after the outsider tested his bloodline, the Crying Blood Stone would turn bright red and then shatter …" The cub recounted what happened during the Blood Purification Ceremony.
"The Bloodcry Stone was shattered during the Blood Purification Ceremony?" The voice immediately turned serious. "The bloodline of an outsider can shatter the Bloodcry Stone!"
"What does this mean?" Purple Jade asked strangely.
"That means that guy's bloodline is far beyond the tenth grade!" The exhaustion in the voice disappeared without a trace and was replaced by a trace of excitement.
Purple Jade still asked with a puzzled expression, "Beyond the tenth grade? Father, didn't you say that the bloodline of our Chiyou Clan is only at the ninth grade? "
"Haha, compared to you, it is indeed only at the ninth grade. The highest Chiyou Clan in this world can only reach the ninth grade because … the bloodline of exiles like us isn't very pure." The voice revealed a trace of helplessness.
The bloodline was inherited from one's parents and ancestors.
Most of the Chiyou Clan in this world were inherited from a few exiles of the Chiyou Clan.
Purple Jade's father was an exile from the mother world, so Purple Jade's bloodline was far purer than that of other Chiyou Clan members!
However, if Purple Jade was the child of other Chiyou Clan members, the bloodline would be weakened.
Although there were occasional miracles where the child's bloodline might be better than Purple Jade's, the possibility of this was too small …
"The Crying Blood Stone that I gave you can, at the very most, detect a rank ten bloodline. That's because rank ten is already more than enough for you all. I never expected someone to be able to shatter this Crying Blood Stone. I want to see that person." That voice indifferently said.
Purple Jade's eyebrows suddenly raised. "Father is coming out of seclusion?"
The voice behind the jade pendant was silent for a moment before faintly smiling. "We exiles have all been cursed by the Primal Chaos Ancient God. Only by hiding in the bone pagoda can we preserve our lives. Seclusion is just an excuse …"
"Rumble …"
The surface of the jade disc continued to crack, and as the cracks spread, the entire jade disc quickly collapsed.
A thin middle-aged man appeared from behind the jade disc. This middle-aged man's eyes were calm, but there was a strong sense of exhaustion that lingered. His eyebrows were somewhat similar to Purple Jade's.
Seeing her father's appearance, Purple Jade was stunned.
For countless years, Purple Jade had never seen her father's appearance.
For as long as Purple Jade could remember, she knew that her father was behind this jade disc.
However, she could only hear her father's voice and had never seen him. Even after her mother passed away, her father had never left this jade disc.
The other exiles in the bone tower were the same. They sealed themselves in the jade disc and rarely showed themselves …
Once, when the Chiyou Clan was in a life-and-death crisis, another exiled in the bone tower had left the jade disc and taken action.
Purple Jade remembered that the exiled exiled had displayed incredible power. In the blink of an eye, he had twisted hundreds of Xuanyuan Clan members into pieces and resolved the Chiyou Clan's crisis.
This meant that it wasn't that her father couldn't leave this jade disc, but that he didn't want to …
Purple Jade had always been brooding about this. After all, she didn't even know what her father looked like.
She never thought that her father would leave the jade disc because Luo Zheng had shattered the Blood Cry Stone!
For a moment, Purple Jade was stunned as she stared blankly at this unfamiliar face.
A helpless smile appeared on the middle-aged man's face. He stepped forward and gently stroked Purple Jade's white and elastic cheeks. He said faintly, "It's not that Father doesn't want to leave the jade disc. As exiles, we are constantly tortured by the Chaos Ancient God's curse. We can only curl up in this small space as much as possible …"
"Mm." Purple Jade blinked. Although her father's appearance was unfamiliar, she was very familiar with his voice.

Chapter 2153
Luo Zheng was still waiting in the square.
Not only did the Chiyou people not disperse, but it was said that after the Crying Blood Stone was broken, it attracted even more people.
The Crying Blood Stone was very important to the Chiyou people. After all, the purity of each clansman's bloodline needed to be tested by this stone. After the test, the Chiyou people would cultivate according to the purity of the bloodline.
The higher the purity of the bloodline, the more rewards and resources the clansmen would receive.
"Now that the Crying Blood Stone is broken, how can we hold the Blood Purification Ceremony in the future?"
"The Great Elder should have a way …"
"The Great Elder has been gone for so long. What did he do?"
"Whoosh!"
Two escape lights shot out from the depths of the cave.
Luo Zheng looked over and saw the Great Elder and the middle-aged man behind him.
When Luo Zheng saw the middle-aged man, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The middle-aged man concealed his cultivation, but Luo Zheng still perceived a different aura from him!
"Is this the Exiled Person?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After the Great Elder and the middle-aged man arrived, the Great Elder pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Father, he is Luo Zheng."
The square quieted down again. Even Diao Yuan could not help but take a few steps back.
Although the cub was the Chiyou people's Great Elder, the clansmen knew very well that the cub was not the strongest in their clan.
The real almighties of the Chiyou people were hidden in the bone pagodas. Many clansmen could not see them in their entire lives.
No one knew exactly how powerful these powerful beings were. There were only many versions of legends circulating within the clan. One of the most popular legends was that a powerful being from the Chiyou Clan had killed hundreds of people from the Xuanyuan Clan.
After all, many clansmen had witnessed it, and many of them were still alive.
The middle-aged man walked slowly toward Luo Zheng and stared at Luo Zheng silently. After a while, the middle-aged man said, "If this old man is not mistaken, you have comprehended the True Meaning of Dao."
As soon as he said this, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows.
In this world, there were quite a few people who could see through his True God cultivation, but this middle-aged man actually knew that he cultivated the True Intent of Dao. This person's eyesight was actually so formidable.
"This is a little strange. If you possess the bloodline of the Chiyou Race, it would be very difficult for you to be taken in by other races, and it would be even more impossible for you to cultivate the True Intent of Dao from those old freaks. Where did you cultivate the True Intent of Dao from? Or are you not from this world? "
The middle-aged man was already very interested in Luo Zheng's background after listening to Purple Jade's story. After all, Luo Zheng's bloodline purity was beyond his imagination.
Now that he had seen it with his own eyes, he actually faintly sensed that Luo Zheng had the aura of someone who had cultivated the True Intent of the Dao. This was even more difficult to explain.
In this world, almost all of the living beings mainly cultivated the Aragami. They relied on the vast amount of desolate bones that were left behind during the desolate era.
There were only a few who cultivated to True Divinity.
For example, Purple Jade had also received his teachings, opened up the Inner World, and even condensed a Godhead. However, Purple Jade did not go too far on this path.
The reason was that it was too difficult to cultivate to True Divinity in this world. In comparison, cultivating the Aragami was much easier.
Luo Zheng had actually cultivated to the Upper True God realm, and had begun to comprehend the True Intent of Dao. Unless he was personally taught by those old freaks, it was impossible to reach this step.
'What sharp observation skills …'
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Facing the middle-aged man's question, he had some concerns in his heart and did not know how to answer for a moment.
Who knew that the middle-aged man had actually judged Luo Zheng's thoughts and immediately said, "Our Chiyou Race is also very united in the Mother World. No matter where you come from, as long as you don't endanger our race, we will treat you as a family."
Luo Zheng was silent for a moment, and then said, "Can I not say it now?"
"Yes," the middle-aged man smiled slightly, "But I need to test your bloodline again."
In fact, the middle-aged man already had some speculations about Luo Zheng's origin, but he still needed to check the purity of Luo Zheng's bloodline first.
"Okay," Luo Zheng nodded, and once again extended his hand to the middle-aged man.
The middle-aged man stretched out his hand and lightly touched Luo Zheng's finger, and a drop of bright golden blood oozed out from Luo Zheng's arm.
Luo Zheng could not see what method the middle-aged man used to draw his blood.
After seeing the bright golden blood, the middle-aged man's eyes flashed with a dignified look, and at the same time, his fingertip also lightly flicked.
"Drip!"
The drop of blood from the middle-aged man's fingertip suddenly merged with Luo Zheng's golden blood.
Then, a small magic array appeared in the air, enveloping the mixed blood and spinning in the air.
Not long after, the small formation suddenly burst out with a domineering aura.
It was as if a giant beast was hidden in the fingertip-sized drop of blood. At the same time, the middle-aged man's own drop of red blood was completely swallowed by Luo Zheng's golden blood!
The middle-aged man always had a faint smile on his face, but at this moment, his expression changed.
His eyes suddenly burst with a bright light, and he looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of disbelief, and said excitedly, "Your, your bloodline …"
"Father, what's wrong?" Zi Yu looked at her father with some worry. She did not expect her father to be so excited.
Diao Yuan and the others looked at the middle-aged man's reaction, and felt quite puzzled.
After all, the middle-aged man was a supreme existence in their clan, and they might not be able to see him in their lifetime.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"How can your bloodline reach the Royal Grade? How is this possible!"
The middle-aged man could not control his excitement, and suddenly roared to the sky, "Big Brother! Brother Yan Hua! Chi Yi … Guess what I saw! Hahaha! I actually saw a Royal Grade Bloodline! It actually appeared here! It appeared in this cage! "
His roar spread far and wide, echoing in this huge cave.
In the depths of this cave, there were several exiles who sealed themselves behind jade discs and remained silent for many years.
"What? What nonsense is Fu Er talking about? Royal Grade Bloodline? Is he dreaming? "
"A Royal Grade Bloodline appeared in this world? That's impossible … "
"Let's go and see …"
"Clang, clang, clang …"
The jade discs shattered one after another.
Figures shattered one after another, and the powerful experts of the Chiyou Clan rushed out, turning into streaks of light and shooting away.
After a while, several figures appeared above the square, and they all looked at Luo Zheng with strange eyes.

Chapter 2154
Fu Er looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression and said in a daze, "There's no mistaking it. It's the same blood law. The power of the bloodline in my blood can't resist at all. Only someone with a royal bloodline can do that!"
The Li Tribe was divided into nine tribes, so there was also the Nine Li Tribes.
The nine tribes were Yu Yi, Fang Yi, Huang Yi, Bai Yi, Chi Yi, Feng Yi, Xuan Yi, Yang Yi, and Chu Yi.
When the Li Tribe was at its most prosperous, each tribe was a huge monster in the mother world.
Fu Er's bloodline was inherited from the Feng Yi Tribe.
Fu Er gave the Chi You Tribe members in the bone tower a Crying Blood Stone and defined their bloodline as between grade one and grade ten.
In fact, even a grade ten bloodline was not enough in the mother world.
For example, Fu Er's bloodline was about grade thirteen according to the Crying Blood Stone.
If the bloodline was tested with the Crying Blood Stone, it would not be detected, but the power contained in Fu Er's bloodline was not enough to break the stone.
Therefore, when Fu Er heard the cub say that the Crying Blood Stone broke during the bloodline test, he was very surprised!
Only the eighty-one Demon Gods of the Li Clan had a higher bloodline than Fu Er. Their bloodlines could be considered as fourteenth-grade.
Even the fourteenth-grade bloodline of the eighty-one Demon Gods could not easily devour Fu Er's blood.
Fu Er's strength was not the strongest among these exiles, but his bloodline was the highest. The only possibility that his blood could be devoured so easily was a royal bloodline.
The old man listened to Fu Er's solemn vow and stared at Luo Zheng, asking, "Child, who are your parents?"
At first, Luo Zheng did not completely trust these Chi You Tribe members. He had always had concerns in his heart. For example, these exiles were exiled here because they betrayed the Chi You Tribe, or because they committed a big mistake in the Chi You Tribe and were imprisoned in this prison …
However, after entering the bone tower, he saw that the people here still regarded Chi You as their leader and had to kneel and worship him when entering and leaving.
The concerns in his heart gradually dissipated.
"My mother is called Luo Shui," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Luoshui?" The old man fell into deep thought.
"My Li Clan doesn't seem to have such a person. Even the Royal Clan has never heard of him. Chi Yi, have you heard of him?" Another person asked.
Chi Yi was the youngest among this group of people. After countless years, he still maintained his youthful appearance. He was also the last Chi You to be exiled to this prison.
When he heard Luo Zheng's words, he silently descended from the air and knelt down on one knee in front of Luo Zheng …
The other exiles looked at each other.
Even if he possessed a Royal Bloodline, there was no need for him to be so courteous.
"Chi Yi, what are you doing?" Fu Er asked, puzzled.
Chi Yi slowly raised his head to look at Luo Zheng and said, "Before I was exiled, there was a baby girl in the royal family who was about to be born. Heavy rain poured down on Yuchan Mountain like water falling from the sky. Therefore, the baby girl was named Luoshui. She was the youngest daughter of the Great Chief and was specially summoned to the Nine Tribes to celebrate the third month …"
Hearing Chi Yi's words, these people were stunned. Pairs of eyes stared at Luo Zheng.
"Huhuhu …"
After a while, these exiles floating in the air descended one by one and silently knelt down on one knee in front of Luo Zheng.
A Royal Bloodline didn't need to be so courteous.
But if Luo Zheng was a direct descendant of Chi You, then it was different.
Seeing his father, Fu Er, kneel on the ground, the Great Elder also knelt down.
As for Diao Yuan, Qi Chang, and the other elders, they naturally knelt in front of Luo Zheng.
"Father, who is that person? Why is everyone kneeling to him …"
"Child, don't ask so many questions. Quickly lower your head …"
The clansmen around the square were somewhat confused, but they also prostrated themselves on the ground. In the entire square, only Luo Zheng was left standing.
Facing the sudden salute, Luo Zheng felt uncomfortable all over. "This … Everyone, please don't be so courteous!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the oldest person slowly stood up and continued to stare at Luo Zheng. His face was filled with grief and indignation. "Did our Li Tribe lose? Why were even the Great Tribal Chief's children exiled to this world?! "
In his eyes, the Royal Bloodline was the pride of the Li Tribe, and the Great Tribal Chief's children surpassed the Royal Bloodline. They were the pride of the pride.
Now that even the Great Tribal Chief's grandson had been exiled to this world, one could imagine the Chi You Tribe's current situation!
Chi Yi also said, "Before I was exiled, the Chi You Tribe was in imminent danger. It is said that the Great Tribal Chief planned to fight with the Dihong Tribe in Zhuolu, but I was exiled before that. After that, there was no news. Please tell me!"
They thought that Luo Zheng was also exiled to this world.
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he realized that these people had misunderstood him. He said, "I was not exiled to this world."
"Not exiled?" The old man had a strange expression. "Then how did you come to this world?"
The others also looked at each other in dismay.
Other than being exiled, was there any other way to enter this world?
There was a vast distance between this world and the Mother World. With Luo Zheng's cultivation base, it was even more impossible for him to cross such a long distance …
One of the people's eyes suddenly lit up. He then asked, "Could it be that you came from the ship above the water bone pagoda?!"
Regarding that ship, the Aragami of this world had long observed it.
They saw a huge ship falling rapidly. It was estimated that it would crash into this world in a few years.
No one knew who built the ship, but all the races were preparing. As long as the ship crashed, they would swarm in and loot everything inside.
The resources in this world were too scarce. Other than relying on the desolate bones to cultivate, there were almost no other cultivation resources.
Every race was paying attention to the movements of the ship, including the Chi You Tribe. They had even made a detailed plan to determine the location where the ship would crash, and were ready to go and take a share of the loot.
However, not long ago, an accident happened to the ship, and it once again rose into the sky above the Chaos!
However, at that time, the most powerful race in this world, the Nuwa Tribe, made their move and firmly bound the ship to the top of the water bone pagoda.
The old man, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the others were also staring at Luo Zheng. It was really possible!
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "My mother told me that the ship was built by Chi You himself. I was not born in the Mother World, but on that ship. As for the situation in the Mother World, it should be similar to what you think. The Li Tribe was indeed defeated. That was why my grandfather built such a ship to let the people escape."

Chapter 2155
"The Li Tribe was really defeated …"
The exiles all had pained expressions on their faces.
"We were defeated by the Dihong Clan. What about the Great Chieftain? Where are the eighty-one demonic gods and the Chiyou Guards? "
The oldest man stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I don't know. I only know that this ship carried the hope of the Li Tribe. There were countless Li Tribe citizens on it. This was a ship used to escape."
"How could this be?!"
"The Li Tribe can't be defeated by the Dihong Clan!"
"Big Brother, I want to go out and kill all the Xuanyuan Clan members!" One of them said angrily.
The Xuanyuan Clan members of this world were not the ones who caused the Li Tribe's destruction. After all, the people of this world were only exiles cursed by the Ancient God. However, they were so agitated that it was difficult to suppress their emotions.
"Don't be so impulsive." The old man took a deep breath as if he was trying his best to calm his mind. Then, he asked, "Since the Great Tribal Chief created this ship, why does it keep falling?"
"Because the ship was hunted down by the Xuanyuan Guards," Luo Zheng said in a low voice. "Almost all the citizens on the ship were slaughtered …"
Seeing how agitated these people were, Luo Zheng did not want to say anything. However, Luo Zheng could not hide this matter from them. He could only tell them the truth.
"The Xuanyuan Guards!" The old man who had calmed himself down suddenly became agitated again. "I hate that I didn't kill all those damned Xuanyuan Guards back then! Only a hundred Xuan Yuan Guards have died at my hands … "
A hundred Xuanyuan Guards?
Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard the old man's words.
Luo Zheng did not know the number of Xuanyuan Guards. However, his mother said that there were a hundred thousand Chiyou Guards in the Li Tribe. Presumably, the number of Xuanyuan Guards was about the same. This old man could kill a hundred Xuanyuan Guards alone. What kind of strength did he have?
"After the citizens were slaughtered, the Divine Realm was gradually taken over by the human race. Then …"
Luo Zheng either did not say anything, or once he decided to trust these exiles, he told them everything that had happened from beginning to end.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, these people also fell into silence.
After a while, Fu Er asked, "In other words, the reason why the ship suddenly changed direction was because of you?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Fu Er stared at the old man and asked, "Big brother, what do you think we should do?"
The others also stared at this person. This person's strength was the strongest among all the exiles, and he was also the strongest Chiyou in this world.
Even in the mother world, he was a figure that could not be ignored.
In the beginning, they naturally hoped that the ship would fall. They, the Chiyou Race, were still waiting to get a share of the loot. Now, they were naturally worried about the fate of the ship …
The old man muttered to himself as he stared at Luo Zheng. There was a faint hesitation in his eyes. In the end, he let out a deep sigh.
The wrinkles on his face deepened in an instant, making him look even older.
"At this old man's age, sacrificing this dying body for the Li Clan is nothing, but … this world can only be entered, but cannot be exited. What can I do?" The old man sighed.
As long as there was even the slightest bit of news from the mother world, these exiles would be extremely excited.
However, there had not been any exiles in this world for many years. They had completely lost the channel to obtain news from the mother world.
However, they were constantly worried about the safety of the Li Clan.
The news brought by Luo Zheng had undoubtedly caused them to feel extreme despair. However, Luo Zheng in front of them was also a chance for them to repay the Li Clan.
The problem was that this world was a huge prison … being trapped here, what could they do?
When the big brother said this, the others' eyes dimmed.
"However, we must make the Nuwa Clan release that ship. Let that ship leave," Fu Er suddenly said.
"That's right! No matter how strong the Nuwa Clan is, they can forget about touching this ship! "Another exiled said with a resolute expression.
In this world, the Nuwa Clan was the absolute overlord.
Not only because the Nuwa Clan's bloodline was powerful, but also because the Nuwa Clan had several extremely powerful exiles. They naturally had the qualifications to dominate this world.
The old man interrupted them and said, "Have you not thought about Luo Zheng's request?"
Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to come to them. He definitely had his own ideas.
Thus, this group of excited exiles stared at Luo Zheng again. Now, it was time for Luo Zheng to make a decision.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. He swept his gaze over everyone and said calmly, "My mother sent me out because she had no other choice. When I first arrived in this world, I only had one thought, and that was to become stronger and then … kill my way back! Not only do I want to kill my way back to the divine realm, but I also want to kill my way back to the mother world. "
As soon as he said this, a smile appeared on the faces of the exiles.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, saying such words was a bit exaggerated. However, as a member of the Li Clan, the grandson of Chiyou, if he did not even dare to think about this, their clan would probably have no hope.
The old man sighed and said, "With your bloodline, it is not difficult to become stronger in this world! But killing your way back is still impossible. No one can leave this place. "
These exiles were at least Nirvana Realm Supreme Elders. After they came to this world, how could they be willing to be trapped here?
It could be said that they had thought of almost every method they could think of. Up until now, no one had been able to leave this world. In this world, one could only enter, not leave.
The old man originally wanted to say that Luo Shui should not have sent Luo Zheng here. But after thinking about it, Luo Shui was the Great Tribal Chief's daughter. He did not have the qualifications to blame her. Moreover, Luo Zheng had been sent here because he had no other choice but to save his life.
The others also had sullen looks on their faces.
At this time, Luo Zheng blinked and then used a true essence sound transmission to transmit his voice into the exiles' ears. "What if … I know how to return?"
Fu Er, the old man, Chi Yi, and the others all received Luo Zheng's true essence sound transmission. Their faces were filled with doubt. They did not know why Luo Zheng was being so mysterious.
The old man also used a true essence sound transmission to ask, "What do you mean?"
"I don't know if you've heard of the Warden Clan," Luo Zheng calmly said.
Little Yun had once told Luo Zheng that the Warden Clan had searched the entire world for him and his sister.
The Warden Clan was in charge of managing this world. It was likely that they had spies everywhere. Luo Zheng had just arrived at the Chiyou Race and did not know the situation. If the Chiyou Race also had a member of the Warden Clan, then it would be troublesome. Thus, it was best to be careful.
Hearing Luo Zheng mention the Warden Clan, the exiles looked at each other again. The old man had an incredulous look on his face. He stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You've only been in this world for a short time. How did you know about the Warden Clan so quickly?"
There were very few people in this world who knew about the Light of Judgment, let alone the Warden Clan, a mysterious clan.

Chapter 2156
Among the powerhouses who were exiled here, which one of them would submit so easily?
For countless years, they had searched for ways to leave this place, but they had never been able to get rid of the shackles on their bodies.
As soon as Luo Zheng appeared, he wanted to tell them a way to leave this world. These exiles naturally found it inconceivable.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng's special identity, they would have driven Luo Zheng out long ago. How could Luo Zheng have the chance to speak?
"When I first entered this world, I encountered two members of the warden's clan," Luo Zheng said calmly.
The old man's expression sank for a moment, then he said, "The warden's clan is the manager of this world. They rarely show themselves, and even if they do, they only use their Virtual Transformation ability to descend. Ordinary people can't detect their existence at all. Are you sure you've encountered them?"
The warden's clan was the prison guards, and these exiles were the prisoners.
In order to leave this prison, these prisoners would do anything. If the warden's clan casually appeared, they would probably be torn to pieces by the exiles in an instant.
There were even exiles who secretly investigated the warden's clan's lair, hoping to find a way to leave this prison, but to no avail.
Every few hundred years, the warden's clan would quietly inspect the bone towers of the various clans, but each time, it was only a shadow that descended. Only powerful exiles like them could detect it.
"I'm sure," Luo Zheng nodded.
"How can you prove it?" the old man asked.
"They can let me see the existence of the curse chain. I saw it with my own eyes," Luo Zheng replied.
As soon as he said this, the exiles all sucked in a breath of cold air.
The biggest restraint in this prison was the curse chain. Even if the old man's strength was extraordinary, he could do nothing about this invisible curse chain!
Chi Yi's face showed a trace of confusion. "That's not right. Why would the warden's clan contact you?"
As the manager of this world, the warden's clan's purpose was to ensure that no one could leave. Chi Yi had tried to communicate with this clan, but this clan had always been very silent and did not give any response at all.
The others were also puzzled because Luo Zheng's words seemed to be completely fabricated …
"Because there was an internal dispute in the warden's clan. Some of their own people wanted to escape," Luo Zheng replied. "But the group that escaped failed, leaving only the siblings behind …"
Luo Zheng then honestly told him about Xiao Yun and Fu Chu's origins.
After that, these exiles stood in place and were silent for a long time. While digesting Luo Zheng's information, their expressions were complicated.
At the very least, Luo Zheng's explanation was logically self-consistent, and these exiles could also verify some clues.
For example, Xiao Yun told Luo Zheng that the warden's clan's clan.
In the past thousand years, the warden's clan had indeed frequently patrolled the bone pagodas of various major clans. In the past, the warden's clan often appeared once every two or three hundred years, but in recent decades, the warden's clan had appeared more than a hundred times!
Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the others had also speculated that the warden's clan's strange movements were due to something happening in this world.
It was just that this clan basically did not communicate with the exiles, so Fu Er and the others naturally did not know what had happened.
Now, it seemed that the warden's clan's continuous patrolling was probably for the siblings that Luo Zheng had mentioned.
The exiles dreamed of escaping from this world, but escaping from the prison built by the Chaos Ancient Gods was really only a dream!
After a long time, the old man said, "If everything Luo Zheng said is true, I'm afraid this is an excellent opportunity, and also an unprecedented one …"
"Luo Zheng is worthy of having the bloodline of the Great Chieftain! The Chosen One! You actually encountered a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, "Fu Er said excitedly.
"Big Brother, should we bring the siblings into our bone pagodas first?" an exiled asked anxiously.
If the siblings were found and taken away by the warden's clan, this rare opportunity would disappear.
Luo Zheng did not express his opinion. After all, these exiles were more familiar with this world.
The old man pondered for a while, then asked Luo Zheng, "Are the siblings in any danger?"
"They are staying in a tribe at the edge of the Eternal Wastelands. They shouldn't be in any great danger for the time being," Luo Zheng said.
That pair of siblings had stayed in the Dark Iron Tribe for many years. Moreover, Luo Zheng had just helped them eradicate another Yufei tribe. Little Yun's position was very stable. As long as nothing unexpected happened, the two siblings should be safe.
"That's good. There are still three years before the Trial of Light. We still have time. Before then, we shouldn't act rashly and alert the enemy." The old man made his decision. "I will conspire with the Nuwa Clan, Yan Clan, Heavenly Music Clan, and other large clans!"
The Chiyou Clan was not the only one who wanted to leave this world. Leaving this prison was the dream of all exiles.
Once they knew the way to leave this world, the warden's clan alone would not be able to stop them.
The Chiyou Clan's Grand Elder, Diao Yuan, Qi Chang, and the others watched Luo Zheng silently communicate with the clan's almighty figures. They were also puzzled. They did not know what they were secretly plotting that they were so careful with their Quintessential Sound Transmissions.
At this moment, a Chiyou Clan member flew over.
"Reporting, Grand Elder! A special envoy from the Xuanyuan Clan has come to seek an audience! "
After the Chiyou Clan member finished speaking, he saw that the almighty figures of the Chiyou Clan had all come out of seclusion!
He was also a bit dumbfounded. He stared blankly for a while, not knowing what had happened.
It had to be known that it was rare to see even one of them in a thousand years. Today, all of them had appeared. What kind of day was this?
Purple Jade glanced at the Grand Elder indifferently and said, "The Xuanyuan Clan is here for the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, right?"
"Yes, they came to issue a challenge," the Chiyou Clan member replied.
"I knew they would not let this go." Purple Jade's face was covered with a layer of cold air.
Diao Yuan and Qi Chang's brows also became gloomy.
The exiles would not personally deal with the clan's affairs. Everything was handed over to Purple Jade, the Grand Elder.
However, this time, she had just signed this bet with the Xuanyuan Clan, and the clan had lost two elites, causing the Chiyou Clan to fall into a passive position. This was Purple Jade's mistake, so she was naturally very angry.
"Let Purple Jade handle the clan's affairs," the old man said.

Chapter 2157
"Wait a minute," Purple Jade suddenly said.
Fu Er glanced at his daughter and said, "Purple Jade, is there anything else?"
Purple Jade's beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated look.
Diao Yuan brought Luo Zheng back because Luo Zheng had shown extraordinary strength in front of Cheng Wei. He was totally qualified to participate in the battle between the two clans.
In the end, it actually implicated a Royal Bloodline, implicating a great background.
Was he still suitable to participate in the battle?
"In the battle of the Heavenly South Bone Tower, Wei Xia and Feng Long were killed by the Xuan Yuan Clan. The chances of us winning this battle are very small. I hope that Luo Zheng can participate in the battle." Purple Jade directly stated her plan.
Before Fu Er could say anything, the old man smiled faintly, "If Zheng'er wants to become stronger, cultivating the Aragami in this world is a shortcut. He can also fully unleash the power of his bloodline. To ensure his safety, he can participate in the battle. "
How vicious were the eyes of these exiles?
Luo Zheng was only an Upper True God. However, he showed signs of cultivating two True Meanings of Dao. His soul was also much stronger than ordinary Aragami. With his strength, it would not be difficult for him to fight against a Middle Aragami.
Moreover, when he arrived at the Chiyou Clan, he would still have time to devour the bloodline desolate bone.
Hearing the old man's answer, Purple Jade smiled and nodded. "Purple Jade understands!"
After the exiles left, Purple Jade ordered someone to bring the envoy of the Xuan Yuan Clan over.
Not long after, a few streaks of light flew over from the horizon.
The person in the lead had a handsome face. He had sharp eyebrows and bright eyes. His face was full of pride.
His cultivation level was only a Middle Aragami. However, he did not panic when he stepped into the territory of the Chiyou Clan.
When he saw the Great Elder, he did not show any courtesy. He just took out a jade page and flicked it at Purple Jade. He said arrogantly, "Take this. This is a letter of challenge from the Xuan Yuan Clan!"
"How dare you!"
"How dare you!"
Seeing the young man's actions, Diao Yuan, Qi Chang, and the other Chiyou tribesmen were enraged.
Zi Yu's expression was as calm as ever. With a light twist of his slender fingers, he took the jade page. He glanced at it and said indifferently, "You've already decided on the candidates. You're really confident!"
The young man smiled and said, "My Xuanyuan Clan is one of the most powerful clans in the world. Of course, we don't need much confidence. My clan has selected five people to fight. In my opinion, it's a waste of time. I, Xian Ze, alone is enough."
"So you're that Xian Ze from the Xuan Yuan Clan!" Qi Chang said with a frown.
A genius had appeared out of nowhere in the Xuanyuan Clan. It was said that the entire Xuanyuan Clan had poured in all their resources just to nurture this one person.
"Interesting! Is the Xuanyuan Clan so confident that they would send you here? "Diao Yuan raised his eyebrows and said meaningfully." Are you not afraid of death? "
This time, the bet between the two clans had just been made, and the Xuanyuan Clan had already killed Wei Xia and Feng Long, causing the Chiyou Clan to suffer a great loss.
In their anger, the Chiyou Clan would definitely think of ways to take revenge. Who would have thought that the Xuanyuan Clan would dare to send Xian Ze to fight?
"My father said that you don't dare to touch me," Xian Ze said calmly.
"What's there to not dare? I'll kill you right now." The aura in Qi Chang's body rose. It was like a wild ancient beast, ready to devour someone at any time.
As an elder of the Chiyou Clan, Qi Chang's strength was comparable to Diao Yuan's. It was more than enough to kill a Middle Aragami.
The pressure from this aura pressed down on Xian Ze, forcing him to take two steps back. However, there was still a faint smile on his face, and he said fearlessly, "You can try!"
"Alright!" Qi Chang's temperament was irritable. How could he tolerate such a junior provoking him?
Seeing that he was about to attack, Zi Yu suddenly stretched out her hand and blocked Qi Chang. She said indifferently, "The Xuanyuan Clan killed my clansmen in the Eternal Wasteland. According to the agreement, life and death are not counted. If my Chiyou Clan kills him here, it's against the rules."
"But …" Qi Chang was unconvinced.
Zi Yu ignored Qi Chang and continued, "I've received this letter of challenge. The time is set to three months later. My Chiyou Clan will accept the challenge. You may leave."
Xian Ze looked at Zi Yu with a slightly disinterested expression. He had personally sent the letter of challenge on behalf of the Xuanyuan Clan. Naturally, there was a layer of provocation in it. However, he did not expect the Chiyou Clan's great elder to be so indifferent, as if he did not care at all. Naturally, he was disappointed.
Before leaving, Xian Ze laughed, "I hope that when the time comes, those trash in your clan can make me happy!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng, who had not said anything, frowned slightly.
"Wait." Zi Yu's indifferent voice sounded.
"What?" Xian Ze had just turned around.
Slap!
No one saw how Zi Yu attacked, but a clear palm print had already landed on Xian Ze's face.
Zi Yu raised its jade-like hand and said coldly, "You're an envoy from the Xuanyuan Clan. Although I can't kill you, you've lost your manners. This lesson is unavoidable. Go back and tell your elders to teach you how to behave."
As the Chiyou Clan's great elder, Zi Yu's strength was unfathomable, second only to the exiled from the clan.
This slap was not light. The palm print swelled up in the blink of an eye, and half of Xian Ze's cheek swelled up.
However, Xian Ze seemed to have expected this. He touched his cheek with his hand and licked it gently with his tongue. "Great Elder's lesson is right. I'll remember it."
With that, he left with his people without looking back.
"This guy!" Diao Yuan gloomily looked at their backs.
"I'll kill him on the way," Qi Chang said.
"There's no need. He did it on purpose. The Xuanyuan Clan must be prepared." Zi Yu shook her head. "Instead of getting angry with such a guy, why don't we prepare for the battle in three months. We must not lose!"
With that said, she said to Luo Zheng, "In the coming days, you will need to cultivate with Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, Tu Bai and the rest. I will provide you with sufficient cultivation resources! Three months later, you will represent the Chiyou Clan in the battle! "
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and nodded.
As one of the top three clans in the world, the Chiyou Clan also had a massive stockpile of desolate bones. It was an amount unimaginable to ordinary Aragami.
However, any large clan's bloodline desolate bones were extremely scarce. Hence, if the clansmen wanted to obtain more bloodline desolate bones, they had to be allocated according to the purity of their bloodline and the talent they displayed. Even so, the number of bloodline desolate bones allocated to them was still not many. Even a genius like Cheng Wei could only obtain dozens of bloodline desolate bones a year.

Chapter 2158
The tribe of the Chiyou Clan was divided into two areas.
The outermost area was the living area of the ordinary Chiyou Clan members while the inner area was the training area of the Chiyou Clan members.
The people who gathered here were all the elites of the Chiyou Clan.
"Grow!"
On the wide training ground at the side of the training area, a young man's body suddenly grew.
In a blink of an eye, the young man's body expanded by a hundred times, reaching a height of about three to four hundred feet!
"Ha! Heh! "
The young man roared and kicked out in the air, hooking up the stone lock at the side of the training ground.
Each of these stone locks was extremely heavy and as tall as a mountain. After the young man picked up the stone lock, he began to wield it vigorously.
On the side of the training ground, many of the young Chiyou Clan members were looking up.
"Brother Chang Hu is so powerful!"
"Of course, I heard that brother Chang Hu is about to go through the body trial. By then, he will be able to use the Chiyou Desolate Body!"
"As expected of a Grade Six Bloodline …"
The young man named Chang Hu was the second Aragami of the Chiyou Clan to achieve Grade Six Bloodline in the past thousand years.
It was not easy for the Chiyou Clan to get such a genius. Naturally, they would train him well.
However, Chang Hu was still young and could not represent the Chiyou Clan in battle.
"Phew, phew, phew …"
Diao Yuan accompanied Luo Zheng and slowly walked over. Seeing Chang Hu playing with the stone lock, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with admiration. "This kid is still young and he has already cultivated to such a level. As expected of the Chiyou Clan."
Putting aside the exiles, since Luo Zheng entered the Chiyou Clan, the people he saw were not ordinary people.
Even some of the ordinary Chiyou Clan members were far beyond the Aragami of the outside world, let alone people like Qi Chang and Diao Yuan. With their strength, they could easily wipe out a city.
"He still has a long way to go. Cultivating the Aragami is not an easy path," Diao Yuan replied.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Although he treated the cultivation of the Aragami as a shortcut, it did not mean that this shortcut could be taken easily.
The young man named Chang Hu was wielding the giant stone lock. His movements were getting faster and faster as if he had gone mad. His body actually lost its balance.
"Hmm? This kid … "When Diao Yuan saw this, a trace of a bad expression appeared on his face.
Chang Hu's cultivation was advancing at a godly speed. However, during the process of cultivation, the Aragami would constantly expand their bodies.
Every time the size of the body increased dramatically, it would take some time to adapt. After all, everyone's understanding of "size" was based on experience. Some of the Aragami who had devoured enough Aragami energy would have their physical bodies doubled in size. In the beginning, it would be extremely difficult for them to even walk.
Chang Hu also encountered this problem.
"Plop!"
Chang Hu fell heavily onto the ground.
The wide and flat drill ground trembled.
The mountain-sized stone lock smashed towards the other side, where a dozen Chi You youths were gathered!
These young men of the Chiyou Clan did not activate the power of the Rage God in their bodies. To them, this stone lock was like a stone mountain with an astonishing weight. If they were hit by this stone lock, they would be turned into a pile of minced meat.
"Oh no!"
"Sou!"
At this moment, Diao Yuan also unleashed the power of the Rage God in his body. As his body expanded, he was already rushing towards the stone lock.
Although the stone lock was close at hand, it happened too suddenly. Even though Diao Yuan's reaction was extremely fast, he was still one step too slow!
As for Chang Hu himself, he was already scared out of his wits when he saw this scene. He sat on the ground and stared blankly at the stone lock that was flying away. When he thought of the next scene where blood splattered, he actually closed his eyes …
Luo Zheng saw that the stone lock was only two to three feet away from those young men of the Chiyou Clan. However, Diao Yuan was unable to catch up with it.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and grabbed the air.
"Boom!"
In that instant, the stone lock seemed to have crashed into an invisible wall, forcefully falling from the sky.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
Under the sudden impact, countless cracks appeared on the surface of the stone lock. In the end, it turned into a pile of gravel. The gravel scattered all over the ground.
When Diao Yuan and Chang Hu saw this scene, they were both stunned.
As for those young men of the Chiyou Clan, they were already scared out of their wits. Every one of them was pale. Just now, they all thought that they were dead for sure.
"This is pure power …" Surprise appeared in Diao Yuan's eyes. He turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng in disbelief. "You can actually use your power to such an extent!"
In terms of power, the power source that Luo Zheng just used was still something that Diao Yuan looked down on. After all, at the same cultivation level, the power of a Rage God was far greater than that of a True God.
However, the power of the Rage God was completely integrated into the body. This was a pure method of refining the body. It was impossible to extract the power from the body!
Luo Zheng used the power source of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and comprehended the Extra-Dao Mystical Power, Power Retrace. He could control this invisible power as he wished. This kind of technique of using power made Diao Yuan gasp in amazement.
"I had no choice but to act. I hope Elder Diao Yuan can forgive me," Luo Zheng said.
Then, he waved his finger lightly, and the wall formed by the power source instantly disappeared.
"Uncle Diao Yuan, Chang Hu didn't do it on purpose …" Chang Hu was scared out of his wits just now. If he really smashed over a dozen of his clansmen to death, it would be an irreparable disaster.
Diao Yuan glanced at Chang Hu and said, "I know. Be careful in the future!"
"Yes!" Chang Hu blinked and retreated with the group of young men.
Seeing Luo Zheng's methods, Diao Yuan had a different thought.
Then, he led Luo Zheng across the drill ground. After walking for a while, he saw many tall warehouses. These warehouses stretched endlessly, and there were probably more than ten thousand of them!
Just as they approached these warehouses, Luo Zheng felt a strong power of the Rage God emanating from them. He said, "These warehouses store desolate bones?"
"Yes." Diao Yuan nodded.
"So many desolate bones." Luo Zheng was also dumbfounded.
The warehouses in front of him were several hundred meters tall. How many desolate bones could be stored in so many warehouses?
The resources possessed by the Chi You Clan far exceeded his imagination.
"There are too many desolate bones. To our Chi You Clan, it doesn't mean much," Diao Yuan said indifferently. "After all, the power of the Rage God that each person can absorb is limited. After reaching a certain level, they must face the tribulation of the body. If they can't break through the tribulation of the body, no matter how many desolate bones they absorb, their cultivation won't improve at all."
"Tribulation of the body?" Luo Zheng was stunned. "What kind of tribulation is that?"
Luo Zheng had heard of life and death tribulations and heavenly tribulations, but he had never heard of any tribulation of the body.

Chapter 2159
How long had Luo Zheng been in this world?
Most of his understanding of the Rage God came from Xiao Yun, including the method to refine the desolate bones and absorb the power of the Rage God. Other than that, he also learned about the bloodline desolate bones in Sha Xin City.
However, Luo Zheng did not have a thorough understanding of it.
He only knew that by devouring the desolate bones and absorbing the power of the Rage God, he could strengthen himself.
If he had the bloodline of a certain clan, how could he absorb the exclusive bloodline desolate bones and obtain the talent of the bloodline …
That was all Luo Zheng knew.
"I only cultivate the Rage God, which is a body-tempering technique. As for what the physical calamity is, I really don't know," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Diao Yuan looked at Luo Zheng with an astonished gaze for quite a while. Then, he burst into laughter, "Cultivating Aragami … It's not as simple as refining one's body. If one cultivates it to the extreme, one can also cross the Nirvana Realm and achieve the Nirvana Realm. Cultivating Aragami is actually the cultivation method of the Ancient Gods.
"Cultivating the Rage God to achieve the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Diao Yuan nodded, "This is what the Great Elder told us."
Those powerful exiles who were exiled to this world by the Ancient God of Chaos could not live for more than a thousand years in the beginning. As long as the Judgement Light descended, the prisoners in the prison would be purified and cleared.
However, after the bone tower appeared, the exiles had a place to live and began to nurture their own clan members.
Gradually, this vast and empty world became lively, and the races continued to exist.
In the beginning, the exiles were also inclined to let their own people cultivate the Aragami. However, they soon discovered that this world was not very suitable for cultivating the True God. Although these exiles could easily refine Life Force from the Chaos Qi, the Life Force of the Aragami was still very strong.
However, it was extremely difficult for the clan members who had just started cultivating. Even if they were born as creatures that surpassed their level, they could survive at the bottom of the Chaos.
Those who were qualified to be exiled to this world by the Ancient God of Chaos were not weak in the Mother World. They soon realized that there was a huge amount of desolate bones here. The origin of these desolate bones could be traced back to the beginning of the Chaos. The number of desolate bones was unimaginable …
Hence, the exiles thought of the body-tempering techniques that were passed down from ancient times, which was the Ancient God's body-tempering technique.
"Why don't the people in the Mother World use this kind of cultivation method?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Almost all the people Luo Zheng came into contact with were True Gods.
Even Elder Yuan seemed to have attained the Nirvana Realm by cultivating the True Divinity.
"This …"
Luo Zheng's question immediately stumped Diao Yuan.
After all, Diao Yuan was born in this world and not from the Mother World. These things were related to things that were extremely ancient, so it was naturally difficult for him to answer.
"Because the mother world doesn't have these cultivation resources, the later generations can only choose the great world's cultivation method and not the Ancient God's cultivation method." An old voice faintly floated over.
Hearing the voice, Luo Zheng and Diao Yuan turned around and saw the old man appear behind them.
When Diao Yuan saw the old man, he wanted to salute him, but the old man waved his hand and said, "No need. I'm just here to see Luo Zheng."
"The Great World Cultivation Method that you mentioned is the method to cultivate a True God?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right," the old man said with a smile.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and his face immediately revealed a strange expression, "According to what you said, don't the Ancient Gods also rely on these desolate bones to cultivate? That is to say, the mother world once had a large number of desolate bones? "
"That's right," the old man said again.
"After absorbing all the desolate bones in the mother world, those people became Ancient Gods? The later generations didn't have the desolate bones as a cultivation resource, so they created the great world's cultivation method, which is to cultivate a True God? "Luo Zheng followed the train of thought and asked.
"That's right," the old man's face revealed a look of appreciation, "What a smart kid. You're indeed the grandson of the War Chief."
The old man sighed and said, "In the Mother World, there's a piece of Cloud Wilderness. It's the same as this world. There's a huge amount of bones there, but the desolate bones have long been dug up …"
Although he was repeatedly approved by the old man, Luo Zheng's expression became more and more odd. A new question had arisen. "Where did the desolate bones in the mother world and the desolate bones in this world and the endless bones in this world come from?"
"I knew you would ask this question," the old man had already expected it and only replied faintly, "This is the dispute between the Ancient Gods of Chaos, and also the ultimate question of the entire Chaos. In the mother world, there are some rare geniuses who have been pursuing these questions for countless years …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He didn't expect that his casual question would involve such a complicated question.
"The behavior of the Ancient Gods of Chaos is unpredictable, especially the" Ruins "God. He built this prison and is extremely powerful, but every time he descends, he will bring some incredible things. Sometimes it can surprise people, and sometimes it can make people fearful." The old man sighed and continued, "There is a saying about these skeletons. These skeletons are your and mine backups. Our skeletons might be lying in some corner of this world."
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and looked like he didn't understand. He only understood that the Ancient God of Chaos who built this prison was called "Ruins".
As for Diao Yuan, he was also dumbfounded.
"Our backups?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
The old man said, "That's right. Every Yin Being corresponds to a living being in the entire Chaos. When they die, they add another piece of bone to the Eternal Wasteland. However, they are only backups. You can't possibly know which Yin Being is your own back-up."
"Then … why did this" Ruins "do this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You can go and ask it," the old man said with a smile.
Luo Zheng also smiled. These questions were indeed not something he could think about now.
The old man looked at the warehouses and said, "The cultivation method of the Ancient Gods is also extremely painful. Although according to the legends passed down from ancient times, it is indeed possible to cross the Sea of True Meaning and achieve the Nirvana Realm using one's physical body, but no one in this world has succeeded. Even in the Mother World, other than those Ancient Gods, no one has succeeded. If you are willing to take this shortcut, our Chiyou Clan will definitely help you to try."
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of light.
His current strength was too weak …
No matter how his father considered his growth back then, he might not be able to consider everything. After all, he had encountered too many accidents after stepping into the Domain of the Gods.

Chapter 2160
If the information provided by Luo Zheng could really allow the exiles to leave the prison, then the conflict with the Xuan Yuan clan would become insignificant.
The bone pagodas were shelters, but who would be willing to stay in such a godforsaken place?
The old man wanted Luo Zheng to become stronger, so he naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could lead them back to their homeworld one day.
"If there's such an opportunity, what's the point of going through that pain?" Luo Zheng replied in a powerful and resonant voice.
The old man smiled, "Very good." Following that, he said to Diao Yuan, "Let Luo Zheng absorb the desolate bones first. When the physical calamity descends, give him ten sets of our clan's bloodline desolate bones."
"Ten sets of bloodline desolate bones?" Diao Yuan was slightly surprised, "Can he withstand it?"
The ten sets of bloodline desolate bones mentioned here were not ten pieces.
Bloodline desolate bones were very precious in the outside world, and similarly in the Chiyou clan. However, the clansmen distributed the desolate bones according to the purity of the bloodline, so there was still a sufficient supply.
However, even a fifth-grade bloodline genius like Cheng Wei could only use two sets.
Even Purple Jade was said to have only used three sets when he underwent the physical calamity. If not, the physical calamity that erupted would be too powerful, and he would not be able to withstand it.
The old man looked at Luo Zheng and smiled, "His body is different from yours and mine. Although I do not know how he cultivated his body, his body is indeed much stronger than the average person's. He can withstand ten sets."
"Alright!"
Diao Yuan agreed without hesitation.
The old man was the guardian of the Chiyou clan. His strength was unfathomable, and his insight was not something Diao Yuan could compare with. In front of the old man, Diao Yuan could only obey.
"I will be watching you. They will all be watching you." After the old man said that, his body turned into a shadow and gradually dissipated in front of Luo Zheng.
Following that, Diao Yuan led Luo Zheng through the warehouses. Luo Zheng saw several cracks, and at that moment, a strong aura of the Rage God's power was escaping from those cracks.
Outside each crack, there were more than ten people busy refining the Rage God's power.
After these people refined the Rage God's power, they did not absorb it. Instead, they guided the flow of the Rage God's power into the cracks …
And beside these people, there were piles of abandoned desolate bones. The Rage God's power in these desolate bones had been completely refined.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was puzzled.
Diao Yuan noticed Luo Zheng's expression and explained, "This is the Rage Cave, so the Rage God's power will not escape. Cheng Wei, Mao Xue, and Tu Bai are cultivating here. they need large amounts of Rage God's power. so that they can focus on their cultivation... so that they can concentrate on their cultivation..........."
...........................
Extracting the Rage God power from desolate bones was indeed not a difficult task. Any ordinary person could do it. There might be minute differences in the methods used, but the difference would not be too great.
Who would have thought that the Chiyou Clan's geniuses would receive such treatment? They did not even need to refine the Rage God's power.
When Luo Zheng and Diao Yuan approached, one of them walked over and cupped his hands at Diao Yuan. "Elder Diao Yuan!"
Diao Yuan nodded and said, "Wei Cong, go and ask Duo Mo to come out. I have a new arrangement."
Wei Cong looked at Diao Yuan in surprise. His face revealed a difficult expression. At the same time, he secretly sized up Luo Zheng and said, "Elder Diao Yuan, this is not appropriate. Will Elder Chun have any objections?"
After Wei Xia and Feng Long died, the Chiyou Clan chose two other people to replace them. One of them was Duo Mo, the son of Elder Chun of the Chiyou Clan.
During this period of time, the Chiyou Clan's resources were naturally given to them.
Since Duo Mo had seized this opportunity, he had naturally been working hard on his cultivation. Now that Elder Diao Yuan wanted Duo Mo to give it up, Duo Mo would definitely have objections.
"Do as I say!" Diao Yuan's face darkened.
How could Wei Cong dare to say anything? He was curious about the young man beside Diao Yuan. He had never seen this person in the Chiyou Clan. How could he push Duo Mo out?
Wei Cong ordered the people above the cave to stop refining the Rage God's power and immediately entered the depths of the crack.
In the depths of the cave, a black-clothed young man was sitting cross-legged and continuously absorbing the Rage God's power. This black-clothed young man was Duo Mo. When Duo Mo saw Wei Cong come in, he frowned and asked, "Wei Cong, why did you stop?"
Wei Cong's face was a little embarrassed. He immediately said, "Well, Elder Diao Yuan said that he wants to change the person …"
"Change the person?" Duo Mo's face darkened. He suddenly stood up and said, "Why?"
Wei Cong did not know the specific reason. He only said, "You should ask Elder Diao Yuan …"
Duo Mo's bloodline purity was at the fifth grade, but in terms of talent, he was slightly inferior to Cheng Wei and the others.
This time, with the death of Feng Long and Wei Xia, this opportunity was naturally his. Duo Mo valued this rare opportunity very much. Now that he was going to be pushed out of the cave, how could he be willing?
Duo Mo rushed out of the cave with a gloomy face and came in front of Diao Yuan with strong dissatisfaction.
"Diao Yuan, what is the meaning of this?"
Duo Mo's mother, Elder Chun, had a high status in the Chiyou Clan. Her strength was slightly stronger than Diao Yuan. Usually, when she met Duo Mo, she would be somewhat polite. However, at this moment, Duo Mo was full of resentment, so he directly called her by her name.
Diao Yuan did not expect Duo Mo's resentment to be so heavy. He said indifferently, "Our clan's plan has changed. We need to arrange for others to enter the cave to cultivate."
"Others? How many people in the Chiyou Clan don't I know? Who is more qualified than me? " Duo Mo retorted coldly. At the same time, his eyes fell on Luo Zheng. "You're not talking about him, are you?"
"Yes," Diao Yuan replied indifferently.
"He's a member of our clan?" Duo Mo's eyes swept up and down Luo Zheng. He did not remember such a person in the Chiyou Clan.
This quarrel immediately attracted the attention of others. In another cave, Cheng Wei also came out. He glanced at Luo Zheng, who was not far away, and a smile appeared on his face as he came forward to greet him. "Brother Luo Zheng, you're here! Wait, you've already transplanted the bloodline of our clan? "
After Cheng Wei returned to the bone pagoda of the Chiyou Clan, he reported this matter to the elders. According to the original plan, Luo Zheng was to be given the bloodline of the Chiyou Clan.
The transplanted bloodline was far inferior to the innate bloodline, but Luo Zheng's strength was strong, and that was enough.
However, the transplanting of the bloodline took time. Cheng Wei naturally wondered why Luo Zheng was sent to the cave so quickly.

Chapter 2161
Seeing Duo Mo's defiant expression, Cheng Wei advised, "Duo Mo, this time our clan opened the cave for us to cultivate in order to prepare for the battle with the Xuan Yuan clan. He is stronger than you."
The Chiyou clan rarely transplanted their bloodline to outsiders. This was an exception because they were facing a powerful enemy.
And the one who recommended Luo Zheng was Cheng Wei.
"Stronger than me?"
Duo Mo's expression turned even uglier.
After all, he was one of the best in the Chiyou clan. He admitted that he was weaker than Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, and the others. After all, whether it was talent or bloodline, he was inferior.
But Luo Zheng was just a wastelander, and his bloodline was transplanted.
At the same level of cultivation, Duo Mo was far stronger than the Rage Gods born in the wastelands. Even one against three or five wouldn't be a problem.
And the Rage God power in Luo Zheng's body was thin. He was clearly a beginner who hadn't even absorbed many desolate bones. Yet Cheng Wei said this kid was stronger than him?
"Yes, he is indeed stronger than you. He might even be stronger than me," Cheng Wei replied seriously.
In the battle in the Eternal Wastelands, although Cheng Wei had killed two of them, the key was still Luo Zheng. Otherwise, he wouldn't have had much of a chance against any of the Xuan Yuan clan members. More importantly, before Luo Zheng could help him, he had killed one of them on his own.
Although Luo Zheng didn't say much, Cheng Wei knew that this guy could kill the three Xuan Yuan clan members all by himself.
"Nonsense, I don't believe … you!" Duo Mo pointed at Luo Zheng. "If you want me to give up the cave, it's simple. You have to defeat me!"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. He did not expect that just looking for a place to cultivate would cause trouble.
Diao Yuan looked at Duo Mo who was jumping up and down with an ugly expression. What kind of character was Luo Zheng? Even those reclusive almighties in the clan had to bow down to him. His bloodline was unprecedented. Even the Great Elder was far inferior to him. This Duo Mo was simply a disgrace to the Chiyou Clan!
"How dare you!"
Diao Yuan roared, and the power of the Rage God hidden in his body burst out. A powerful pressure covered the sky, and it seemed as if he could kill anyone at any time.
"So strong!"
Standing beside Diao Yuan, Luo Zheng also felt a soul-stirring pressure.
The elders of the Chiyou Clan who cultivated the Aragami were also the most powerful Aragami in this world.
Luo Zheng had just entered this world, and he had seen Aragami that were thousands of miles tall in the Eternal Wasteland. With Diao Yuan's cultivation base, perhaps he could also transform into a giant that was thousands of miles tall.
If it was an ordinary person, that person would probably shrink back immediately when facing an infuriated Diao Yuan.
However, Duo Mo's temperament was unyielding, and he was proud of his special status. Unexpectedly, he straightened his neck and said, "Elder Diao Yuan is partial to the outsiders. Even if you kill me, I won't accept it! Even if I die, my mother will seek justice for me! "
"Let's see how your mother will uphold justice for you!" Killing intent flashed in Diao Yuan's eyes as he waved his hand, intending to kill Duo Mo.
"Elder Diao Yuan!"
"Elder!"
Cheng Wei and Luo Zheng stood in front of Diao Yuan.
After all, they were all from the same clan. If Diao Yuan really killed Duo Mo because of this, it would damage the harmony …
After all, Diao Yuan was a senior and also an elder of the clan. Being bullied by a little fellow from the clan and not willing to back down even half a step, it was impossible for him to back down. Therefore, he really wanted to kill Duo Mo.
At this moment, a voice was heard, "Diao Yuan, as an elder of our clan, don't you think it's too much to bully a junior?"
They turned their heads and saw a woman in yellow clothes standing not far away. This woman's face was covered with a thick layer of frost.
"Mother!"
Duo Mo saw the woman and called out with a joyful look on his face.
This woman in yellow clothes was Elder Chun of the Chiyou Clan, and also Duo Mo's mother.
Elder Chun's strength was extremely powerful, even above Diao Yuan. She had also made many contributions to the Chiyou Clan. However, she was extremely protective of her own people, especially her son.
"Elder Chun," Diao Yuan said coldly, "don't tell me you don't know the identity of this person next to me? I've been ordered to come here, but your son refused. How am I supposed to explain this to the grand elder? "
"Identity? Isn't he just a wastelander?! "Duo Mo was even more arrogant now that he had someone to back him up.
Elder Chun's gaze focused on Luo Zheng, her expression complicated. "I've heard that even the Bloodcry Stone couldn't determine the purity of his bloodline. A royal bloodline, the grandson of the great chieftain. As Chiyou Clan members, we should do our best to serve him."
When she finished speaking, Elder Chun bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
Cheng Wei and Duo Mo were dumbfounded by Elder Chun's words. Wei Cong and the others were stunned as well.
They didn't know what a royal bloodline was, but they did know the great chieftain's …
The exiles had given birth to the Chiyou Clan here, so naturally they'd passed down some of the Chiyou Clan's heritage.
They'd heard all sorts of legends about the great chieftain since childhood. After all, every time they entered or exited the Chiyou Clan's territory, they had to pay their respects to the statue of Chiyou. In their hearts, the great chieftain was a spiritual totem. No one was allowed to tarnish him, and no one dared to tarnish him.
Now that Elder Chun said Luo Zheng was the great chieftain's grandson, they couldn't help but be dumbfounded.
"What … what's going on?" Cheng Wei stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. He knew Luo Zheng wanted to transplant his bloodline and shouldn't have come to the cave so quickly. He hadn't expected Luo Zheng to have the Chiyou Clan's bloodline!
This was too much of a coincidence, too much of an exaggeration. He found it hard to believe.
"Mother, what do you mean …" Duo Mo's imposing manner suddenly shrank. If it weren't for his mother, Duo Mo wouldn't have believed it even if he was beaten to death.
Elder Chun ignored his son and continued, "However, we must win the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda against the Xuanyuan Clan this time. The five people sent must be the elites of the clan. Luo Zheng's cultivation is still shallow. If we give him only three months to cultivate, I'm afraid he won't be able to take my son's place. Why don't we wait for three months before Duo Mo gives up the cave?"
In the end, Elder Chun was still partial to his son. The implication was that even if Luo Zheng's status was extraordinary and his bloodline was pure, they still had to rely on strength to speak in this special period.
"That's right. With his strength, if he takes my place, I'm afraid he'll be smashed into meat paste," Duo Mo agreed with his mother.
Diao Yuan couldn't help but pat his head. Encountering this unreasonable mother and son really gave him a headache.
At this time, Cheng Wei blinked and smiled slightly, "Whether he's strong or not, we'll know after a fight. Elder Diao Yuan, what do you think?"
Before Diao Yuan could speak, Duo Mo quickly responded, "Yes! I wonder what this … Brother Luo Zheng thinks? "

Chapter 2162
Seeing that Luo Zheng agreed so easily, Elder Chun had a suspicious look on her face.
However, she knew her son's strength very well. Among the younger generation of the Chiyou Clan, other than Cheng Wei and Mao Xue, Duo Mo really had no opponent.
Diao Yuan did not agree with Cheng Wei's suggestion. Why should he fight with Duo Mo?
However, since Luo Zheng agreed so quickly, Diao Yuan had nothing to say.
On one side of the Na Desolate Cave was a wide wasteland. This impromptu duel immediately attracted the attention of many people.
"Sigh! Sigh! Who is Duo Mo fighting with? "A woman with neat bangs came up and asked curiously.
The woman was less than 20 years old. Under her neat bangs was an extremely beautiful face. Her big eyes were looking at Luo Zheng who was not far away.
"Mao Xue, you're here too?" Cheng Wei glanced at Mao Xue.
Mao Xue was the strongest Mid-level Aragami in the Chiyou Clan. Her bloodline purity was not high, but there was some special mutation in her bloodline. It was said that this was very rare.
"I heard a lot of noise outside. Who is that young man? I've never seen him before," Mao Xue said.
Cheng Wei smiled. "I've mentioned him to you a few days ago. He's Luo Zheng who saved my life."
"So it's him. Interesting! According to what you said, if Luo Zheng is really that amazing, won't Duo Mo lose for sure? "Mao Xue asked again.
"Probably. Just watch and you'll know." Cheng Wei shrugged.
Under everyone's gaze, Duo Mo softly uttered the word "grow". Then, his body quickly expanded.
In the blink of an eye, Duo Mo turned into a giant thousands of feet tall. Then, his voice thundered, "It's your turn, little guy!"
In Duo Mo's eyes, the Aragami power in Luo Zheng's body was pitifully weak. Even if he activated the Aragami power, he would only be a little guy in front of Duo Mo.
However, Luo Zheng did not plan to fight seriously. He did not want to waste time on Duo Mo.
"No need. I don't need to activate the Aragami power to defeat you …"
Luo Zheng stood on the ground and looked up at the mountain-like Duo Mo.
"Really? Let's give it a try then … "
Duo Mo sneered, and his huge palm slammed down on Luo Zheng. In his opinion, slapping Luo Zheng to death was no different from slapping an ant.
Luo Zheng stood in place. His eyes flashed slightly, and a powerful soul pressure spread out.
Elder Chun had been paying attention to Luo Zheng's movements. Seeing Luo Zheng so calm, she speculated whether Luo Zheng had some extremely powerful trump cards or some special magical weapon.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would erupt with such a powerful soul power in an instant!
Before Duo Mo's slap landed, he felt as if his head had been smashed by a sledgehammer. His face instantly turned pale.
With a plop, he knelt on the ground.
"You …" Duo Mo roared. He gritted his teeth and swept his gaze towards Luo Zheng.
However, just as he was about to move, his mind trembled once more. His soul shook violently, and golden stars appeared on his forehead.
"Boom!"
This time, Duo Mo fell to the ground …
Duo Mo, who was lying on the ground, still refused to accept the result. He struggled to get up, but his body shook violently again. He was paralyzed on the ground, and he fainted.
"Pfft …"
Seeing this, Mao Xue couldn't help but laugh. She asked Cheng Wei, "Are you sure this is a fight? Isn't the difference too big? "
Cheng Wei shrugged. "An unequal fight. I expected it. Duo Mo is just asking for humiliation."
Most of the time, the True Gods in the Divine Dominion would use soul attacks as a sneak attack. However, they would never rely on soul attacks completely. After all, the opponent had a soul-type defensive magical weapon. Using soul attacks would be useless.
However, the souls of the Aragami in this world were pitifully weak.
Luo Zheng could kill an Aragami of the same level as him without any scruples.
An Aragami like Duo Mo was almost defenseless in front of him.
"Is this enough?"
Luo Zheng slowly walked over, stared at Elder Chun, and asked.
"So your soul power is so powerful. However, it's unfair to rely on such a method to win," Elder Chun said with a complicated expression.
In front of Luo Zheng, Duo Mo had no power to fight back.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Everyone has their strong points. Elder Chun, are you saying that I can't use my advantage?"
Although Elder Chun was a woman, her temperament could be considered heroic. After thinking for a while, she said frankly, "It's my son's skill that is not good enough. He should give up the Na Huang Cave."
"If you knew it would be like this, why did you bother?" Diao Yuan couldn't help but twitch his mouth.
…
On the walls of the Na Huang Cave, fine bone patterns densely covered the walls.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently stroked these bone patterns. "These bone patterns are naturally produced by the beast bones of the Primal Chaos Ancient God. They can actually guide the power of the Aragami. How strange …"
At the bottom of the Na Huang Cave, there was only enough space for one person to sit. After Luo Zheng entered and waited for a while, he felt a rich aura of the power of the Aragami being emitted.
The power of the Aragami flowed along the bone patterns, gradually gathering towards Luo Zheng.
"Such rich power of the Aragami …"
Above the Na Huang Cave, there were more than ten people constantly refining the desolate bones, sending the pure power of the Aragami into the Na Huang Cave.
They specialized in refining the desolate bones, and their techniques were skillful and experienced. Their refining speed was more than ten times faster than Luo Zheng's!
Luo Zheng's mind flickered, and the power of the Rage God seemed to have a life of its own. It formed a torrent that gathered in Luo Zheng's body, soaked in, and diffused …
The power of the Aragami filled every bone, every piece of flesh and every strand of hair.
Just like that, six days later …
"Elder Diao Yuan, Luo Zheng has already absorbed about two million pieces of desolate bones. Do you want to continue?" Wei Cong asked.
Three million pieces of desolate bones was a relatively large number for a low-ranked Aragami.
If it were anyone else, absorbing two to three hundred thousand pieces of desolate bones would cause them to experience the signs of a physical calamity. However, Luo Zheng did not show any signs of any changes. He continued to absorb the power of the Aragami like a bottomless pit.
"Continue!" Diao Yuan said with a smile.
Previously, when the elder said that he would provide Luo Zheng with ten sets of bloodline desolate bones, Diao Yuan was still worried. Now, he saw that his worries were completely unnecessary.
This rascal's physique was not as simple as it looked on the surface.
Since Elder Diao Yuan had said so, Wei Cong no longer had any concerns. Since Luo Zheng's appetite was so big, he might as well send a few people to refine the desolate bones for Luo Zheng.
Large amounts of desolate bones were once again poured into the Na Huang Cave, being absorbed by Luo Zheng.
However, after another six days, Luo Zheng had once again absorbed more than two million pieces of desolate bones, but he still did not show any signs of changes.

Chapter 2163
Luo Zheng did not know how much power of the Aragami his body could contain. He did not know how much power of the Aragami he would need to inject into his body before he could face the calamity.
The ranks of the Aragami were also divided into upper, middle, and lower ranks, which corresponded to the upper, middle, and lower ranks of the True Gods.
This division was also created by the exiles. However, it was not strict in nature. That was because there was a huge difference in strength between the lower Aragami. For example, Xiao Yun who could transform into a hundred feet tall was considered a lower Aragami. However, those who could transform into a three to four hundred feet tall were still considered lower Aragami …
When the height of the body exceeded eight hundred feet, it would be defined as a middle Aragami.
However, there was a threshold for becoming a middle Aragami. When the time came, the first calamity would be triggered. If one could not overcome the calamity, his body would immediately disintegrate and he would end up in a miserable state.
"It's been half a month and I can still absorb the power of the Aragami!"
In this narrow Na Huang Cave, Luo Zheng stretched his body. He could clearly feel the changes in his body.
A powerful force that was difficult to control was flowing rapidly in his body. If the Na Huang Cave was not too small, he would really want to stimulate the power of the Aragami to see how far he had cultivated.
Before entering the Na Huang Cave, Diao Yuan had warned Luo Zheng not to stimulate the power of the Aragami in the cave.
If it was a normal cave, he could transform into a giant and collapse the entire cave without suffering any damage. However, the Na Huang Cave was naturally formed by the cracks in the bone tower. No matter how powerful the force was, it would not be able to expand it.
There was a tragedy in the Chi You Tribe. A Aragami had stimulated the power of the Aragami in the Na Huang Cave. His body instantly expanded by a hundred times and he was forcefully 'squeezed to death' in the cave.
While thinking, Luo Zheng was absorbing the pure power of the Aragami …
"Eh?"
The pale yellow power of the Aragami could not be absorbed into his body. It was slowly circling around the Na Huang Cave.
"Finally saturated?" Luo Zheng had such a thought.
However, the people outside the Na Huang Cave did not know about it. They were still pouring the power of the Aragami into the Na Huang Cave.
"Enough!"
Luo Zheng's voice was transmitted to the outside of the Na Huang Cave.
Upon hearing this, Wei Cong immediately revealed a look of joy, "Enough, enough. There's no need to refine any more desolate bones!"
Although the Chi You clan had quite a large reserve of desolate bones, these desolate bones were not only supplied to the Chi You clansmen, but also to the three major sects under their jurisdiction.
Luo Zheng alone had consumed millions of desolate bones. It was more than ten times or even a hundred times more than the average clansman!
Even a genius like Mao Xue had only absorbed 800,000 desolate bones before being saturated. Back then, she was seen as a monstrous figure in the Chi You clan, but now, Luo Zheng had absorbed millions of desolate bones. Wei Cong and company no longer knew how to look at Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng, stay in the Na Huang Cave and don't come out. I'll inform Elder Diao Yuan!" Wei Cong said from above.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Diao Yuan flew over. He looked down at Luo Zheng from the crack at the top of the Na Huang Cave and said, "You actually stayed in the Na Huang Cave for half a month. You have a big appetite!"
Luo Zheng smiled and immediately asked, "What's the next step of the physical calamity?"
"After the Rage God's power is saturated, the physical calamity will immediately descend. Eat this Calamity Avoidance Pill that the Grand Elder gave you." After saying that, Diao Yuan threw down a shiny pill.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to grab the pill. Without any hesitation, he stuffed it into his mouth.
This Calamity Avoidance Pill was used to resist the physical calamity. It was also refined by the exiles of the clan.
The stronger the body, the more powerful the physical calamity. Luo Zheng had absorbed so much Rage God's power, so the physical calamity he would face would definitely be extraordinary. The Chi You clan naturally had thorough considerations.
The resources in this world were extremely scarce, so refining the Calamity Avoidance Pill was not easy. Among the tens of thousands of people in the Chi You clan, only three had been given the Calamity Avoidance Pill. Luo Zheng was the fourth.
When Luo Zheng swallowed the Calamity Avoidance Pill, the medicinal essence quickly dissolved. Luo Zheng felt his body begin to shrink.
"Kacha, Kacha …"
Luo Zheng felt that his bones were constantly being squeezed, and the friction made a strange sound.
It was not only his bones that were being compressed, but also his organs. His muscles that were as hard as steel, and even his meridians. His body began to squirm involuntarily.
"What's going on …" Luo Zheng frowned. Although he tried his best to resist the shrinking force, his hands and shoulders could not help but tremble.
"The physical calamity has begun." Diao Yuan's face suffused a solemn look.
He was also sitting cross-legged above the Na Desolate Cave. He gently shook a small golden pouch in his hand. Pieces of Bloodline Desolate Bones rolled out from the pouch.
When Wei Cong and the others saw the Bloodline Desolate Bones, their eyes revealed looks of envy.
Ordinary Desolate Bones were not considered precious to the Chi You clan. After all, the Chi You clan controlled several pieces of the Eternal Desolate Plains. Digging up Desolate Bones did not require the clansmen to do it personally.
However, the Bloodline Desolate Bones in this world were too few. Even the clansmen did not receive a lot of them.
"When you transcend the physical calamity, you have to absorb all the Rage God's power. Do not waste a single bit!"
As Diao Yuan said that, he reached out his hand and gently grabbed the Bloodline Desolate Bones. Wisps of brown Rage God's power emanated from the Bloodline Desolate Bones and immediately surged into the Na Desolate Cave.
"Si Si Si …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng could no longer speak. His face was cold and his teeth were chattering. His body was trembling like a sieve.
"When transcending the physical calamity, absorbing the Bloodline Desolate Bones is the greatest test. My clan's disciples are usually given one Bloodline Desolate Bone as a reward, but you need ten. The more Bloodline Desolate Bones you have, the stronger the Chi You Desolate Body you form, but … the physical calamity will also be more difficult! This will also be a difficult test for you. "Diao Yuan muttered.
From Diao Yuan's point of view, the elder's request for Luo Zheng to absorb ten Bloodline Desolate Bones was too hasty. However, the elder was an expert from the mother world. His foresight was not something Diao Yuan could compare with. Even so, Diao Yuan was still slightly worried.
"Bo!"
Just as Diao Yuan's voice faded, he heard an explosion coming from the Na Desolate Cave.
Luo Zheng's left chest had ruptured. A half-foot long wound had appeared on the side of his heart!
Golden blood spewed out from the wound and splattered on the walls of the Na Desolate Cave!
Now, Luo Zheng no longer had the time to absorb the Rage God's power from the Bloodline Desolate Bones. Furthermore, the Rage God's power in his body was already saturated. He should not have been able to absorb any more Rage God's power.

Chapter 2164
Previously, when Luo Zheng absorbed a Bloodline Desolate Bone, it made Luo Zheng feel as if something was about to emerge from his body.
The entire process was not painful.
However, when the brown Rage God power drilled into his wounds, it was like a red-hot knife cutting through his flesh. There was a searing tearing sensation.
"Uh …"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and could not help but grunt coldly.
Be it Diao Yuan or the elder, they had warned him that the pain of the physical calamity was unbearable. As for Luo Zheng, he had made sufficient mental preparations.
After all, he had experienced similar pain several times. Some of the pain was unbearable, but he had managed to survive them all.
Although the physical calamity was described as terrifying, it was ultimately just pain on the physical level.
However, after experiencing it, he realized that although the pain was only on his body, it reached his soul!
"Bo!"
On Luo Zheng's back, another wound tore open. Golden blood shot out like a blood arrow, hitting the wall. At the same time, more Rage God power was injected into his body through the wound.
"Si …"
He clenched his teeth and took a deep breath.
As time passed, the number of wounds on Luo Zheng's body increased.
At this moment, his entire body looked like he had been dismembered. From head to toe, his body was covered with wounds. Some were a foot long, while others were two to three inches long. There was not a single spot that was unscathed. And the Rage God power in the Bloodline Desolate Bone was constantly drilling into his body through the wounds.
"The second set of Bloodline Desolate Bone …" Diao Yuan took out another golden bag. Dozens of brown Desolate Bones the size of a fist rolled out.
Two hundred Bloodline Desolate Bones were a set. Absorbing ten sets of Bloodline Desolate Bones required Luo Zheng to consume 2000 pieces …
And now, the entire Chi You clan only had about 10,000 Bloodline Desolate Bones. That was to say, Luo Zheng alone needed to consume a tenth of the Chi You clan's stockpile of Bloodline Desolate Bones!
The muscles on Luo Zheng's body were almost completely torn apart. There was a temporary pause in the physical calamity.
He heaved a sigh of relief as he sat motionless on the spot. Just a slight movement of his body would cause intense pain throughout his body.
However, this tranquility only lasted for a few breaths of time. It was just the calm before the storm.
"Pa!"
Soon, Luo Zheng felt an explosion in his chest. One of his ribs had broken without any warning …
Luo Zheng's bones were even tougher than a grandmist treasure artifact after cultivating to such a degree.
An ordinary True Divinity wouldn't be able to shake his body at all, but under the descent of this Mortal Body Tribulation, even such tough bones couldn't resist at all. They constantly shrank and then broke apart …
"Crack!"
Another explosive sound was heard. This time, it was the leg bone that was broken.
The sounds of explosions grew louder and more frequent, like firecrackers exploding inside Luo Zheng's body. Every time his bones exploded, the surrounding wounds would spray out a mist of blood.
Even in the God Realm, Luo Zheng had never suffered such a serious injury. This Mortal Body Tribulation was comparable to walking through the gates of hell. Luo Zheng doubted whether he could endure it!
As the bones inside Luo Zheng's body began to break, his spine couldn't support him anymore. Luo Zheng, who had been sitting cross-legged, fell limply to the ground. With every bone in his body broken, he didn't even have the strength to get up.
The Desolate God's power that had forcefully drilled into Luo Zheng's body also drilled into Luo Zheng's broken bones. This further intensified the pain Luo Zheng was suffering.
Above the Na Desolate Cave, Diao Yuan was silently watching everything.
The Mortal Body Tribulation was a kind of calamity, but it was also an opportunity.
If one couldn't endure this calamity, their body would completely collapse, and they would die.
If one could endure this calamity, they would be reborn and possess the Chiyou Desolate Physique.
Everything depended on whether Luo Zheng could endure it or not!
"Your body is too strong. No wonder you were bestowed with a bloodline desolate bone …" As Diao Yuan spoke, he refined the third set of bloodline desolate bone.
The Mortal Body Tribulation was a general term. When one's body reached a certain level of strength, it would automatically collapse. From the outside to the inside, there were a total of five tribulations. They were the Flesh Splitting Tribulation, Bone Shattering Tribulation, Tendon Rupturing Tribulation, Blood Boiling Tribulation and Marrow Injury Tribulation. These were the Mortal Body Five Tribulations.
Bystanders could not interfere in this process. This was because the Mortal Body Tribulation was not caused by external factors like the Heavenly Tribulation.
Just now, when Diao Yuan heard the sound of bones shattering coming from Luo Zheng's body, he knew that Luo Zheng was undergoing the second tribulation.
If one could survive the Flesh Mountain Five Tribulations, his entire body would be reconstructed. It was equivalent to being reborn. And the reborn body would be infused with the bloodline desolate bone's power. It would possess the Chiyou Desolate Physique of the Chiyou clan!
With all his bones broken, Luo Zheng lay paralyzed on the ground, motionless.
After a while, Luo Zheng's meridians began to rupture …
This degree of pain was enough to make Luo Zheng hover between life and death. Other than passively enduring it, he did not have any means to resist.
And while Luo Zheng was undergoing the Mortal Body Tribulation, he did not notice that the golden blood that sputtered out of his body had quietly fused into the walls of the Na Desolate Cave.
There were many fine bone patterns in the walls. The Chiyou clan used these bone patterns to channel the Rage God's power.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's golden blood was slowly flowing down the bone patterns, seeping into the tiny cracks in the bones.
Beneath the Na Desolate Cave was still a part of the bone pagoda. The golden blood was constantly flowing down the bone pagoda through the tiny cracks …
A hundred feet …
A thousand feet …
A thousand feet …
A hundred thousand feet …
A million feet …
The bone pagoda that stood outside was only a part of this beast bone. There was still about one-sixth of its length underground, about four million feet.
After Luo Zheng's golden blood flowed down such a long distance, it fused into a bone buried deep underground. This bone was several times longer than the bone pagoda. This bone was the spine of the Primal Chaos Ancient God!
Half of the Primal Chaos Ancient God's skeleton was buried deep underground. The bone pagoda that was exposed outside was the towering ribs in its chest cavity!
"Drip, drip, drip …"
The golden blood dripped into the cavity inside the spine, gathering into a palm-sized ball of blood. This ball of blood seemed to have gained intelligence all of a sudden. It rolled in the space inside the spine and began to jump forward at a high speed …
As if there was a unique force, this ball of golden blood moved at an unimaginable speed. Hundreds of millions of miles were crossed in less than half an incense stick's worth of time.
When this ball of golden blood reached the end of the spine, it seeped into a huge skull …

Chapter 2165
This huge skeleton had been in this world for eighty billion years.
Before the body of the Primal Chaos Ancient God had fallen, the exiles of this world would have been purified by the Light of Judgment within a thousand years.
After the skeleton of the Primal Chaos Ancient God had fallen, the exiles had a place of refuge.
These powerful exiles were also in awe of the corpses of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
The exiles knew that more than half of the Primal Chaos Ancient God's skeleton was buried underground. They also knew that the head of the Primal Chaos Ancient God was a natural refuge.
However, no one dared to dig it up …
Even if the skeleton was placed in front of the exiles, they would not believe that a Primal Chaos Ancient God had died just like that.
Such a powerful Primal Chaos Ancient God had surpassed the level of living creatures. The boundary between life and death was blurred to it.
In the huge head, there was a world the size of a divine territory. However, this world was not a real world in the ordinary sense. If one had to make an analogy, this world was roughly equivalent to an ordinary person's "mind." This was a world formed by one's spirit.
After the consciousness of the Primal Chaos Ancient God split apart, it created such an illusory world. And in this illusory world, there were tens of thousands of spiritual bodies. These spiritual bodies existed in a special form in this world. They could think independently, but they didn't have individual personalities.
The combination of these spirit bodies was equivalent to the soul of the Primal Chaos Ancient God.
"Beep, beep, beep …"
After Luo Zheng's blood was sent into the head of the Primal Chaos Ancient God, it was discovered by a spirit body.
Purely visually, the spirit body was a small ball of light that emitted a green halo. However, this form was only a reflection of the outside world. If it could be integrated into the mind of the Primal Chaos Ancient God, the spirit body's image would be more complete.
In fact, in the world of the Primal Chaos Ancient God's mind, these spirit bodies were also divided into ugly and beautiful. They had their own language system, could marry, could reproduce, and had their own social system. Of course, all of this was formed by the Primal Chaos Ancient God's soul …
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …" The halo on the surface of the small green ball of light fluctuated gently. Its consciousness was changing, and the consciousness was the language of these spirit bodies. "A new blood sample has appeared. I have to report to the Brain Master."
"Buzz …"
Then, with a flash of green light, the small ball of light disappeared on the spot.
For spirit bodies, in this enormous' mind world ', their movement speed was determined by the speed of thought of the Primal Chaos Ancient God. Therefore, the movement speed of spirit bodies was almost limitless. In an instant, they could cross a distance of hundreds of billions of kilometers.
The spiritual body appeared in the center of the mental world. There was a huge halo here, and there were huge light balls fixed on the halo. There were about a hundred huge light balls on the halo, and these huge light balls were the "brain masters" that the small light balls mentioned.
Most of the time, these brain masters were in a state of deep sleep.
When the small ball of light appeared, one of the Brain Masters naturally woke up.
"9527, why have you come?"
The Brain Lord flashed slightly, emitting a unique buzzing sound as he asked with his consciousness.
The small light ball immediately released its own consciousness to communicate. "We have found a new blood sample. It seems to belong to the Chi You Tribe, but the smell is more fragrant. Do we need to observe the original owner?"
"Give up, 9527. It is unrealistic to count on these people …" The Brain Master sighed. "We have secretly observed every exile here. None of them are qualified, and the descendants of the exiles are even worse … Since the third truth was changed, there is not much hope."
"But Brain Master, didn't you teach us that we should never give up no matter what?" The small light ball buzzed, as if it was not convinced.
At this time, another Brain Master began to flash. "Haha, that is just to make life more interesting for you little fellows in this world."
On the surface of the small light ball 9527, a ray of red light appeared, indicating that it was angry. "You are the Brain Masters. How can you do this? I request to examine this blood sample!"
"Give up, 9527. Swimming happily in this world is more interesting than exploring these things, isn't it?" The Brain Master persuaded. "Don't disturb me. I am sleepy …"
As he spoke, the light on the surface of these Brain Masters gradually dimmed, and they fell into a deep sleep again …
The surface of the small light ball emitted a strong red light, constantly buzzing, trying to wake these "Brain Masters," but none of them responded.
"If that is the case, I will send the blood sample myself," the small light ball said angrily.
These spiritual bodies had different levels of authority. Spiritual bodies like the small light ball had very low levels of authority. In the past, it would not have been able to do this because as long as one of the Brain Masters was awake, the authority would take effect. The small light ball had to ask the awakened Brain Master for help.
But over the years, the Brain Masters had become lazier and more lax. Sometimes, all the Brain Masters would go into hibernation together. This was the case now.
At this time, the small light ball could overstep its authority and have some authority that only the Brain Masters could use.
So the golden blood continued to fly in the skull, all the way to the center of the Primordial Chaos Ancient God's mouth.
When the Primordial Chaos Ancient God's physical body was still alive, there used to be a huge tongue here. But as the Primordial Chaos Ancient God decayed and the physical body disappeared, the tongue naturally no longer existed.
But in the center of the mouth, there was a funnel-shaped spiral.
The small light ball was very familiar with this spiral. Every time the bone pagoda collected fresh blood, the Brain Masters would excitedly send the blood in and send it into the spiral for examination.
Every time, the Brain Masters would be full of hope, but in the end, they would inevitably be disappointed …
After countless disappointments, the Brain Masters had given up. They no longer had any hope for the trash in this world.
The small light ball was different from the Brain Masters. The Brain Masters had lived for too long and seen too much, so they lost interest in many things. But the small light ball was different. It was still young, and it hoped for a miracle to happen …
"Whoosh!"
The golden blood was sent to the center of the mouth.
"Drip!"
Then, it dripped onto the funnel-shaped spiral and began to slowly spin …
The red color on the surface of the small light ball gradually dissipated. It was no longer angry. Instead, it was focused on observing the scene in front of it. It slowly emitted a faint green light that was very serene.
In fact, deep in its heart, it did not have much hope. Even if the golden blood was very special and very fragrant, the standards set by the Brain Masters back then were too high. It was so high that no one in this world could reach this standard.
"Buzz …"
Just as the small light ball silently watched, the color in the center of the spiral suddenly changed.
"Blue?"
The small light ball was slightly taken aback.
For countless years, countless portions of blood had been sent into the spiral, and every time, it was red.

Chapter 2166
When the 95.27 light ball reacted, it suddenly became abnormally excited.
"Shua … …"
In the blink of an eye, it returned to the center of the mind.
"Buzz buzz buzz … … Buzz buzz buzz … …"
9527 surrounded the ring and made a noise, injecting its noisy consciousness into every brain master.
Those brain masters who had fallen into a deep sleep finally woke up reluctantly. Some of them were still complaining.
"9527, what are you shouting about … …"
"Didn't I say that you little guys can't easily disturb us?"
"Wait! What is that? "
Finally, a brain master noticed the change in the spiral.
"Someone passed. That blob of blood passed," 9527 said cheerfully. It spun around the ring at an extremely high speed, feeding its consciousness back to every brain master.
These brain masters all stared at the blue spiral.
"This is actually real?"
"It should have been hopeless, but it's actually real … …"
"Whose blood is this … …"
The brain masters on the ring were also excited.
The mind world that was originally very quiet suddenly became lively. Countless consciousnesses were constantly circulating in the mind, gradually recovering the vitality of the past.
"This blob of blood was collected from the sixth rib!" 9527 said with a buzz.
"The sixth rib was taken by the Chi You race. This person is from the Chi You race?"
"Observe this person!"
"We must observe … …"
… …
… …
No one knew that in the underground world, the Primal Chaos Ancient God's mind had such thoughts.
At the entrance of the Na Desolate Cave, Diao Yuan looked down with a nervous expression.
"What kind of physical tribulation is Luo Zheng facing now?"
Great Elder Purple Jade descended to the side. She looked down and saw that Luo Zheng could not move at all.
Diao Yuan thought for a moment before saying, "The Tendon Breaking Tribulation is almost over. Next is probably the Blood Boiling Tribulation."
"How many Bloodline Desolate Bones have been released?" Purple Jade asked again.
"The fifth portion." After Diao Yuan answered, he thought for a moment before saying, "Grand Elder, why don't we not give him so many Bloodline Desolate Bones this time? After he transcends the physical calamity, he can absorb them again and slowly make up for it."
Diao Yuan was worried that Luo Zheng would not be able to transcend the physical tribulations. As a person who had experienced it, he knew how painful the physical tribulations were. And the more bloodline desolate bones one absorbed during the physical tribulations, the pain would increase exponentially.
The cub's forehead wrinkled slightly. It looked at Luo Zheng's silent appearance and was a little worried, but in the end, it shook its head.
"We'd better not change their decision. Luo Zheng … After all, he's very different from us," Purple Jade said lightly.
On that day, after Luo Zheng's bloodline was tested, Luo Zheng used a true essence sound transmission to communicate with his father and the others.
Out of curiosity, Purple Jade used a true essence sound transmission to ask its father, Fu Er.
However, her father did not tell her. All he did was comfort her that when it was time to know, he would definitely let her know.
Purple Jade understood that Luo Zheng's descent might bring about a certain degree of change to the Chiyou race. She did not know what the change would be, but she was still looking forward to it.
At this moment, a muffled sound came from the Na Desolate Cave. Following that, a cloud of mist emanated from the Na Desolate Cave.
"It's the Blood Boiling Tribulation …"
There were five physical tribulations. Now that Luo Zheng had transcended the Tendon Severing Tribulation, all the tendons and meridians in his body had been severed. Next was the fourth physical tribulation.
All the blood in his body was like boiling water, constantly boiling in his body!
The boiling blood flowed out from his wounds, turning into a steaming mist that drifted out of the Na Desolate Cave.
Luo Zheng's facial muscles were torn, and even his cheekbones were fractured. Even though he was in extreme pain, he could not express it through his facial expression. He lay on the ground like a corpse. No matter how much pain he was in, it was unable to make him react violently …
However, this kind of soul-deep pain was not reduced in the slightest.
Moreover, because of Luo Zheng's powerful soul and sharper perception, he had a taste of what was called extreme torture.
"The Ancient Gods … all used this kind of method to cultivate. At that time, everyone had to endure this kind of torture." Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. This kind of sacrifice was too great. Moreover, if he was slightly careless, his body would completely collapse, and he would die from the torment …
In comparison, it was better to use the "Great World Cultivation Method". At least all the risks were concentrated in his dantian, and it was far less painful.
"Rip …"
As his blood boiled, Diao Yuan, who was above the Na Desolate Cave, once again poured down the power of the Rage God.
From the outside, they did not know how much trouble Luo Zheng had encountered. No matter how great the pain, no matter how dangerous the situation was, he had to face it alone. This was also the terrifying part of the physical tribulation.
"Huff … Huff …"
At this moment, an invisible consciousness crossed the distance of a trillion li and quietly descended into the bone pagoda.
This invisible consciousness came from the depths of the ground. It was a consciousness released by one of the Brain Masters.
Even the Brain Master's consciousness could not investigate too carefully because it was too far away. However, they had other means.
After the Brain Master's consciousness determined the location of the "specimen", it quickly escaped into the Na Desolate Cave where Luo Zheng was. Right in front of Luo Zheng, a small seed condensed in the crack of the bone on the wall. This seed was only the size of a needle tip, but it rapidly expanded in the blink of an eye, and soon became the size of a soybean.
When this small soybean split open, a small eye appeared in the middle of the soybean!
"I see it …"
"It's this person!"
"He's not an exile, and he's still very young!"
In the depths of the ground, in the mind of the Chaos Ancient God, the Brain Masters sized up Luo Zheng through this small eye.
"He's going through the physical tribulation."
"The Rage Gods of this world all want to go through the physical tribulation, but after the third truth was changed, it's no longer possible to go through with the physical body …"
"How did this guy pass the test?"
The Brain Masters were puzzled.
There were many outstanding exiles in the past, but none of them could pass the test. The young man in front of them was likely a descendant of the Chiyou clan's exiles. Even if his bloodline had mutated, it was difficult for him to be more outstanding than the exiles.
However, passing was passing. Now, the Brain Masters could only observe closely, hoping to find an answer.
"Everyone, listen to me. I have a suggestion." One of the Brain Masters suddenly had an idea. These Brain Masters controlled the thoughts of the Chaos Ancient Gods, so they were all extremely intelligent. "Since he has passed the test, why don't we use this opportunity to inject some bloodline power into him since he's going through the physical tribulation?"
When going through the physical tribulation, injecting the bloodline power of the Rage God would allow one to develop a Desolate Body bloodline if they successfully went through the tribulation …
This was a common practice.
The Chaos Ancient Gods understood this better than the exiles.

Chapter 2167
"No, he is only a member of the Chi You race. With the Chi You race's bloodline, how can he withstand the power of our bloodline?"
"Idiot! How can a person who can pass the test be an ordinary person? "
"If he can really rely on his body to reach the other side and retrieve what the original owners need, we would have done a great service. What's wrong with taking the risk?"
The Brain Masters began to debate on this point.
In fact, be it the large Brain Masters or the small spiritual bodies like 9527, they all represented the Chaos Ancient God itself. The Chaos Ancient God's original consciousness had long fallen into a deep slumber. The things that maintained the operations of this mind were these spiritual bodies that were split off.
The Brain Masters used their consciousnesses to communicate very quickly. In just a hundredth of a second, the debate between them came to an end.
In the form of voting, their opinions quickly reached a consensus. Most of the Brain Masters decided to take the risk!
Hence, the Brain Masters' orders were transmitted through the halo …
The flesh and veins in the gigantic Chaos Ancient God's corpse had long decayed, but most of its blood marrow was hidden in the strong bones.
Even the most powerful exiles were unable to crack open the bones, so naturally, no one could extract the blood marrow of the Chaos Ancient God.
When the Brain Masters issued their orders, the sixth rib bone, which was the Chi You race's Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda, began to slowly circulate the blood marrow …
Every bone pagoda was a shelter for the exiles.
The cracks in the bone pagoda were left behind in the past. They were not carved out by the exiles, as the exiles did not have the ability to do so.
For example, the cracks in the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda were mainly concentrated at the bottom, so the Chi You race lived at the bottom of the bone pagoda.
And the cracks in the Brute Water Bone Pagoda were mainly concentrated in the middle, so the Nuwa race could only live in the middle.
The top of the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda was not damaged, so the blood marrow within was completely preserved. Now, a portion of the blood marrow was rapidly flowing through the cracks of the bones, heading straight for Luo Zheng!
"The tenth set of bloodline desolate bone! There shouldn't be any problems. Not only is this kid's vitality not declining, it is even getting stronger! "
Diao Yuan extracted the last set of bloodline desolate bone and poured it into the Desolate Na Cave. He heaved a sigh of relief.
Although he had always been worried about Luo Zheng, this kid had finally endured the last tribulation. As long as he could endure this Marrow Injury Tribulation, his body would be able to transform into the Chiyou Desolate Body.
At this moment, he had a faint trace of expectation. Since this kid's bloodline could reach the Royal Grade, then what level could his Chiyou Desolate Body reach?
"Yes, he can withstand ten Bloodline Desolate Bones. If I had known, I would have given him a few more," Purple Jade said with a faint smile.
Diao Yuan rolled his eyes. Ten sets of Bloodline Desolate Bones was already the limit. Any more and Luo Zheng's body might even collapse. The Grand Elder was being too greedy …
At this moment, the cub suddenly looked up at the sky, and a strange expression suddenly appeared on its white face.
"What's wrong? Great Elder? "Diao Yuan asked.
"The bone tower is shaking," Purple Jade murmured.
"What?" Diao Yuan was stunned. He focused his senses and soon discovered that there was a slight tremor under his feet.
The bone pagoda was the largest thing in this world.
The length of each bone was comparable to the length of the Celestial domain from east to west.
Even if the Desolate Gods could become thousands of miles tall, compared to the bone pagoda that was a trillion miles long, they were still negligible.
With such a massive object being so sturdy, there were very few things that could shake the bone pagoda. Even the Exiles could not do it.
Now, the bone pagoda was suddenly trembling, which naturally made Purple Jade and Diao Yuan feel strange!
"The tremors are causing fluctuations that are getting stronger and stronger. Furthermore, it's moving." Purple Jade squatted on the ground, and its long fingers gently pressed on the bone pagoda's surface. Its pair of seductive eyes stared ahead, "And it's coming towards us!"
Diao Yuan's perception of the outside world was not as sharp as Purple Jade's, but he could roughly sense it. He also sensed that something inexplicable was coming towards them.
"What's going on …" Diao Yuan was baffled.
For so many years, he had never encountered such a thing. The bone pagoda was their shelter and had always been a lifeless existence. Why was it suddenly active today?
Purple Jade suddenly realized something, "Bring Luo Zheng into the cave. That fluctuation is targeting Luo Zheng!"
Diao Yuan sucked in a breath of cold air and was about to jump into the cave.
However, just as he was about to move, the crack on the top of the cave under their feet rumbled.
With a rumbling sound, it closed together, completely trapping Luo Zheng inside …
Such a big movement had attracted the attention of many people.
Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, and the others rushed out of the cave. When they saw Luo Zheng's cave close, their mouths were wide open.
"The cave can actually close?" Wei Cong's eyes were as wide as copper bells as he stared at the scene in a daze.
Wei Cong's responsibility was to direct the people to extract the Rage God's power, and then inject it into the Na Huang Cave. He was very familiar with these Na Huang Caves. Over the past ten thousand years, these Na Huang Caves had given birth to many Chiyou geniuses.
Although this cave was called a cave, it was just a crack in the bone that was more than ten feet long. Why would it suddenly close today? Moreover, the caves of Cheng Wei, Mao Xue, and the others did not close, but Luo Zheng's cave closed?
"Rumble …"
The tremor in the bone pagoda continued.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Several figures quickly gathered at this place.
They were the exiles of the Chiyou Clan. Like Purple Jade, they sensed that the power was constantly flowing into the cave.
"What happened, Purple Jade?" Fu Er stared at his daughter and asked.
"This cave closed on its own …" Chi Yi sucked in a breath of cold air.
The old man frowned as he stared at the closed crack of the cave. His expression was somewhat gloomy as he said, "I can feel a unique energy flowing within the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda. This energy is gathering towards the Na Huang Cave!"
Hearing the old man's words, everyone looked at each other.
There was another power in the bone pagoda? They had never heard of such a thing!
"Big Brother, are you saying that the power in the bone pagoda belongs to this Chaos Ancient God?" Fu Er asked.
The old man looked at the closed Na Huang Cave with a conflicted expression.

Chapter 2168
For the people of Chiyou, this was a completely unexpected accident.
"Will Luo Zheng die in there?" Wei Cong asked in a low voice.
The crack was extremely sturdy. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even the strongest person would be crushed into pieces.
Although Wei Cong's voice was soft, the old man still heard it clearly. His face showed a taboo expression as he said, "No, the crack of the Narhuang Cave is only closed at the top. There is still a crack at the bottom. Luo Zheng's life force still exists in his body. He is not dead."
Although the old man said so, everyone's face was still full of worry.
…
…
Inside the Narhuang Cave …
Although Luo Zheng could not move at all, he could still sense the movements outside. He could also hear the sounds coming from outside the Narhuang Cave.
"The Narhuang Cave is closed?"
The bones in the bone pagoda came from the Chaos Ancient God. It could not be damaged at all. Who could close it?
He closed his eyes and pondered. At the same time, Luo Zheng slowly absorbed the tenth portion of the Rage God power.
After he absorbed the Rage God's power from the Chiyou bloodline, the sound of dripping echoed in his ears once again …
"What is that sound?"
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. He immediately released his spirit and scanned the inside of the narrow cave.
He could not see anything with his eyes, but everything around him was reflected in his mind.
"Blood?"
He noticed that drops of blood seeped out from the bone patterns on the wall. These drops of blood were like worms that drilled out from the wall. They gathered together and dripped down to the bottom of the cave.
"Drip, drip, drip …"
The smell of the blood was countless times stronger than Luo Zheng's. It was as thick as oil.
This was the blood marrow left in the bone pagoda.
In fact, whether it was the Chiyou or the Xuanyuan Clan, the transplanting of the bloodline was the Exiles transplanting the power of the blood marrow into the bodies of other Rage Gods.
However, this blood marrow came from the Chaos Ancient God!
The sticky blood marrow kept dripping down. Gradually, the entire bottom of the Narhuang Cave was filled with this blood marrow. Luo Zheng was completely soaked in it.
With Luo Zheng's current state, he could not move at all. Naturally, he could not escape.
The blood marrow continued to seep into Luo Zheng's skin, flesh, bones, tendons, and marrow.
Originally, as long as Luo Zheng survived the Marrow Injury Tribulation, his fleshly body would immediately be reborn, and at the same time, the Chiyou Desolate Body would sprout in his brand-new fleshly body.
However, as the blood marrow was added into the mix, Luo Zheng quickly discovered that his skin and flesh began to rupture once again. Moreover, this time, the strength of the rupture was ten times greater than before!
In other words, the Fleshly Body Tribulation … would repeat itself!
"Why on earth …" Luo Zheng wanted to cry but had no tears.
Outside the Na Huang Cave, the old man's face revealed an anxious expression that had never been seen before. He actually paced back and forth around the closed Na Huang Cave.
Even Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the others had ugly expressions.
On the contrary, although Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and the others were also very depressed, they were not as sad as the exiles.
After all, Purple Jade and the others were born in this world. They knew the greatness of Chiyou, but they had a natural sense of alienation from their home world.
If something happened to Luo Zheng, the biggest problem Purple Jade would encounter was that it might lose the battle with the Xuanyuan Clan. This would be a big loss, but Purple Jade could accept it.
The old man, Fu Er, and Chi Yi knew some of the movements in their home world through Luo Zheng. They also knew the situation in the God's Realm. Moreover, because of Luo Zheng's identity, they could not tolerate the slightest accident!
He might be their only hope!
But accidents came so inexplicably.
When the blood marrow poured into the Na Huang Cave, the vitality in Luo Zheng's body suddenly underwent a drastic change.
Fu Er and Chi Yi looked at the old man. Fu Er said, "Big Brother, Luo Zheng's vitality has weakened a lot!"
"His vitality is quickly dissipating!" Another exiled said worriedly.
These exiles' perception was stronger than Luo Zheng's. Even if the Na Huang Cave was sealed, it could not block their divine thoughts. Therefore, they could clearly see the changes in Luo Zheng's body.
Thud!
The old man stepped on the crack of the Na Huang Cave. An unyielding expression appeared on his old face. He said faintly, "All of you, get out of the way!"
"Big Brother, you want to open the Na Huang Cave?" Fu Er asked.
"Luo Zheng cannot die." The old man's eyes flashed. "Get out of the way!"
Whoosh!
Under his roar, a terrifying soul pressure rolled out in all directions.
The old man was a five-star Chiyou Guard. He was the top figure in the Chiyou Guard, an existence second only to the 81 Demon Gods of the Chiyou Clan. How terrifying was the pressure he released?
The exiles, Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and the many Aragami scattered …
Then, they saw the old man's body begin to expand. Soon, he became three thousand feet tall.
Since the exiles came to this world, they also cultivated the Aragami. The reason why the old man became three thousand feet tall was because the height of the cave was only three thousand feet …
He bent down, leaned forward, and clasped the Na Huang Cave with his huge hands.
"Weng —"
The rich power of the Aragami in his body instantly erupted.
At the same time, blood-red patterns appeared on his arms. These blood-red patterns did not emit the power of the Aragami, but the aura of the Primordial Chaos. It was a technique that only the Mother World had …
Everyone looked at this scene nervously. The old man was the strongest existence among the exiles. If he went all out, could he destroy a small piece of the Primordial Chaos Primordial God's bone?
"Rumble …"
The veins on the old man's arms were exposed. Everyone was far away, but they could still feel the unimaginable power between his hands.
A small tremor was transmitted from his hands. This was the tremor caused by the old man's power!
"How powerful is this old man?" Mao Xue sniffed and asked.
It was also the first time Mao Xue saw the old man. This scene had indeed shocked her young heart.
That pair of old and powerless hands seemed to be able to tear everything apart!
"Their strength is fundamentally different from ours. They don't have Aragami as their main force. Instead, they have True Gods as their main force," Cheng Wei said quietly.
"No matter what they are, to be able to obtain such power is indeed incredible." Mao Xue shook her head.
After more than ten breaths …

Chapter 2169
"Huo huo huo huo …"
The old man's figure rapidly shrank as his deep and aged eyes stared indifferently at the Na Huang Cave.
He had originally thought that Luo Zheng's appearance was a great opportunity, but was this opportunity going to disappear in the blink of an eye?
"Luo Zheng's vitality … has disappeared," Fu Er murmured.
At this moment, these exiles were completely unable to sense any vitality in the cave. Luo Zheng's body lay in the cave like a corpse.
"What's going on? Why did the cave suddenly close? This primal chaos ancient god hasn't moved at all for countless years. Why is it like this … "Chi Yi sighed.
Although this huge skeleton had fallen here, no one believed that the primal chaos ancient god had truly died.
Such an existence had long surpassed the definition of life.
However, for countless years, the primal chaos ancient god hadn't moved at all.
Now that Luo Zheng hadn't been in the bone pagoda for long, something like this had happened. This couldn't be a coincidence!
Hearing Chi Yi's words, the old man immediately calmed down.
What did the primal chaos ancient god want to do?
It wouldn't be difficult for such a powerful lifeform to kill Luo Zheng and all the other lifeforms in the bone pagoda.
Why did it have to target Luo Zheng?
The old man looked up at the top of the cave and thought of the strange movements in the bone pagoda. He suddenly thought of something.
"Everyone leave. The cave will be closed for the time being." The old man's voice faintly floated out.
The old man was the Chiyou Race's Grand Elder. All the clansmen had to obey his words unconditionally.
Since something like this had happened in the cave, it wasn't suitable for the others to cultivate in it for the time being.
Zi Yu led her clansmen away, while Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other exiles stayed behind.
The old man stood above the closed cave, squatted down, sniffed, and said, "A very sweet smell of blood."
"Smell of blood?" Fu Er was somewhat puzzled. He also sniffed the crack like the old man. "Luo Zheng was drowned in blood? Where did this blood come from? "
"It can only be from the bone pagoda," Chi Yi said with certainty.
"Is this the blood essence of an Ancient God of Primal Chaos?" Fu Er's eyes suddenly lit up.
The huge bone tower was filled with cracks, but when the exiles occupied the bone tower, the blood marrow in the cracks had already disappeared.
With the strength of a Primal Chaos Ancient God, he had complete control over every inch of his body. Naturally, he could hide his marrow. How could an ordinary person obtain it?
"It's very likely," the old man said with a wry smile, "Luo Zheng is going through the Physical Tribulation. The Ancient God of Primal Chaos sent down the blood marrow at such a critical moment. Is it because he wants to merge his bloodline?"
Of course, they did not know that the Primal Chaos Ancient God was observing every living thing in this world, including the old man. Every exile had been chosen by the brain masters of the Primal Chaos Ancient God as a target, but they were not qualified …
"Ten Bloodline Desolate Bones … plus the blood marrow of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. Isn't that just adding to the mess!?" Fu Er revealed a helpless expression.
These exiles dreamed of having the bloodline of a Primal Chaos Ancient God.
It was said that all the bloodlines of an Ancient God contained the Power of Origins from the beginning of the Primal Chaos. And the Power of Origins could no longer be obtained …
But even if they wanted to transplant the bloodline, they had to choose the right time. It was not impossible to find another opportunity after Luo Zheng had passed the Physical Tribulation.
Although Luo Zheng had the purest Chiyou bloodline, it was definitely not a bad thing to transplant the bloodline of a Primal Chaos Ancient God.
Even in the Mother World, it was the dream of countless experts.
But to get involved while Luo Zheng was going through the Physical Tribulation was enough to be fatal!
Not to mention the present Luo Zheng, even these exiles did not have the confidence to transplant the bloodline during the tribulation.
The old man was like a statue. He stood in front of the Na Desolate Cave without making a sound.
The other exiles waited quietly. They did not dare believe that a miracle had happened, but they still had a glimmer of hope in their hearts.
After all, this was a seed of their Chiyou clan. He also had the bloodline of the Chieftain. They did not believe that this matter would be solved so inexplicably.
Unknowingly, a day passed.
The Na Desolate Cave was still deathly silent. They used their divine senses countless times to scan for Luo Zheng's vitality, but they still found nothing.
After a few days, the exiles slowly left …
Chi Yi left, and so did Fu Er …
Only the old man stood in place, quietly guarding the old man.
As if there was no one else around, the old man sighed and said, "We, the Nine Tribes of Jiuli, are not of the Mother World. Since the day we were born, we have been ostracized and suppressed. But none of our clansmen have ever complained. We grew up in the Savage Land of Poison and grew stronger in the Abyss of Oblivion, filled with resentment. We are natural warriors. Even if there is only one of us left, we will not give up … If the secret you told me is true, I will fulfill your last wish …"
After saying this, the old man was about to leave.
But just as he turned around, he heard a sound coming from the Na Desolate Cave.
The sound was very soft, but how sharp was the old man? In an instant, he sensed it. His divine senses swept into the Na Desolate Cave again.
In the cave, Luo Zheng was still lying quietly in the same place, without any vitality to speak of …
"Alas," the old man shook his head. Just as he was about to withdraw his divine senses, a strong vitality suddenly spread out from Luo Zheng's body.
"This is …"
The old man's eyes suddenly flashed with an intense light.
The vitality became stronger and stronger. Even through the Na Desolate Cave, he could sense it without using his divine senses!
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The blood marrow in the cave quickly boiled and continuously flowed into Luo Zheng's body.
When the last drop of blood marrow entered Luo Zheng's body, all the wounds on his body healed in an instant. His broken bones were also reconstructed in an instant, and his meridians were reconnected …
"Hahaha …"
The Na Desolate Cave, which was originally avoided, slowly opened to both sides.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng turned into a stream of light and shot out of the Na Desolate Cave, floating in the air.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had an unprecedented sense of ease. This body was completely reborn!
"My body … the Chi You Desolate Body!"
Luo Zheng felt that something was about to come out of his body.
With a thought, his bones, flesh, and blood underwent a wonderful change.
"Hahahaha …"
In the blink of an eye, he had turned into a ten thousand zhang tall giant.
At the same time, two heads and two pairs of arms sprouted out of his body.
The faces of the two heads were different. One face was fierce and fiendish, while the other was smiling like the wind.

Chapter 2170
Most of the Chiyou Desolate Body could only transform into two heads and four arms.
However, those whose bloodline purity was above Grade Five would have the chance to transform into three heads and six arms. However, the probability was extremely small.
Currently, other than the exiles, there were only five or six people in the Chiyou Clan who had three heads and six arms.
Besides, other than the Great Elder who had three heads and six arms during his first body tribulation, the others only had two heads and four arms during their first body tribulation. They only obtained three heads and six arms during their second body tribulation …
Luo Zheng's bloodline purity was much higher than the ordinary people. It was expected that he would have three heads and six arms after becoming a Middle Aragami.
"The minds of these two heads are empty. There is no soul. They are controlled by their own souls …"
Luo Zheng was not used to transforming into the Chiyou Desolate Body for the first time. After all, he suddenly had two pairs of arms and two heads on his body.
The six arms were slightly raised. The moment he lowered his head, the three heads also lowered at the same time.
Under the gaze of the three pairs of eyes, Luo Zheng could see more things.
"Interesting … It seems like I need some time to get used to it. Hmm? What is this? "
At this moment, he realized that something was about to emerge from his body.
In the middle of his ribs, there was a diamond-shaped piece of bone. This piece of bone had grown out after he was reborn.
Before this, Luo Zheng had been focusing on the three heads and six arms. Now, he noticed it.
"What is this bone piece?"
Luo Zheng scanned the bone piece with his mind. There was no reaction at all.
After pondering for a while, he still could not find anything special about the bone piece. Could it be that after transforming into the Chiyou Desolate Body, he would have this bone piece?
After he dispersed the power of the Aragami, his body began to shrink rapidly. He then flew to the old man.
"How do you feel?" The old man asked.
"Very good," Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It's just that the body tribulation process is too painful. I almost died. Also, this body tribulation is a little different from what you said. After five body tribulations … why do I have to go through it again?"
Diao Yuan had already informed Luo Zheng of all the things he needed to pay attention to when crossing the tribulation, and Luo Zheng had done the same.
Luo Zheng had clearly survived the first Five Tribulations of the Physical Body. He did not expect that he would have to go through it all over again. Luo Zheng was not mentally prepared at all.
The old man looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression and said, "So you still don't know …"
Luo Zheng indeed didn't know that he had been injected with blood marrow. "Know what?"
"When you underwent the Physical Body Tribulation, you should have fused with other bloodlines," the old man explained.
"Other bloodlines?" Luo Zheng looked at his own body. Indeed, he didn't notice anything strange. "It seems that nothing has changed."
The old man also looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe, but he couldn't figure out anything.
There was indeed blood marrow of a Primal Chaos Ancient God in the Na Desolate Cave. However, even though the old man was experienced and knowledgeable, he couldn't tell what was wrong with transplanting the Primal Chaos Ancient God's bloodline. Besides, it was only the old man's inference.
"You've just passed the body tribulation and still need to consolidate it. Let's not investigate this matter for now …"
Soon, the news of Luo Zheng's resurrection spread throughout the Chiyou Clan again.
The exiles were naturally very happy. Meanwhile, Purple Jade once again arranged for Mao Xue and the others to cultivate intensively, preparing for the battle with the Xuanyuan Clan.
During these three months, Luo Zheng continued to absorb the power of the Rage God.
In addition to cultivating the Rage God, Luo Zheng also paid close attention to the world inside his body …
Back then, his mother had injected a large number of spirit crows into Luo Zheng's Inner World. Luo Zheng used most of the spirit crows to strengthen his own Godhood.
However, a considerable number of spirit crows remained.
These spirit crows were like rats, living underground in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
As long as the spirit crows didn't come into contact with the Sea of Chaos, they wouldn't be vaporized. These spirit crows continued to divide and reproduce, and their numbers steadily increased.
Every once in a while, Luo Zheng would send the spirit crows into the primal-chaos sea, where they would transform into a brown mist that would strengthen his godhood. The cycle continued, and his cultivation base continued to grow stronger day by day.
During this time, the old man would occasionally visit Luo Zheng in the cultivation area. Every time, he would ask Luo Zheng if there were any special changes in his body.
Luo Zheng was naturally surprised, but there were no special changes in his body.
The only thing that was slightly strange was the bone piece in his chest.
When Luo Zheng absorbed the power of the Rage God, this small diamond-shaped bone piece would always guide most of the power of the Rage God to him.
However, when Luo Zheng looked inside himself, the bone piece didn't have the slightest reaction. Luo Zheng didn't delve into this matter.
Three months passed in the blink of an eye …
Right below the bone tower, hundreds of Chiyou people filed out.
"Mao Xue, Luo Zheng, Cheng Wei, Shang Long, Biqing, the five of you come with me," Purple Jade said lightly.
There was a huge bone ship in front of Purple Jade.
In this world, the other materials were abnormally rare. Only bones were nearly endless. These bones had not decayed after countless years, and the material was also very strong. Naturally, they were suitable to be used to make some things, such as this thousand-zhang-long ship.
"The day has finally come." Mao Xue smiled slightly and landed lightly on the bone ship.
Luo Zheng, Cheng Wei, and the others jumped on the bone ship without saying a word.
In addition to the five people participating in the battle, several Chiyou elders also went together.
The Chiyou's bone tower didn't need these elders to guard it. After all, there were exiles in the bone tower, and other races couldn't invade.
However, Fu Er was a little worried about Luo Zheng's safety and hoped that an exiled would go with him.
However, Fu Er's proposal was rejected by the first elder. After all, the current dispute between the Chiyou and Xuanyuan Clans was between the descendants and did not involve the exiles. If the exiles came forward, the situation would be different. It was likely that it would cause the Xuanyuan Clan to speculate, and the situation would be troublesome.
The exiles were all powerful beings who had surpassed the Nirvana Realm. If there really was a crisis, they could use greater teleportation to rush over after leaving the bone tower.
"Crack, crack, crack …"
The huge bone ship's hull made a slight cracking sound, and then it floated in the air and slowly escaped to the south.
Mao Xue, who was standing on the deck, looked at Luo Zheng repeatedly with her bright eyes. Then, she asked with a smile, "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
"I'm Mao Xue!" Mao Xue smiled and asked, "I heard that you died in the Na Huang Cave. How did you come back from the dead?"

Chapter 2171
Luo Zheng looked at Cheng Wei's nervous expression and smiled faintly. "Why should I care? We're all of the same generation. Of course, we'll treat each other as equals. "
Although Luo Zheng had a pure bloodline, he had verified his identity and joined the Chiyou Clan.
However, to the Chiyou Clan, he was still an anomaly.
Whether it was the elders or the clansmen, they were all in awe of Luo Zheng.
After all, after confirming Luo Zheng's origin, the clansmen knew that he was the grandson of the Great Chieftain. The estrangement would not disappear just because they were of the same bloodline.
On the contrary, Mao Xue was innocent and did not have the slightest hint of awe. She wrinkled her delicate nose and asked Cheng Wei curiously, "Yeah, why should I care?"
"That's true …" Cheng Wei tapped her forehead with her thumb and smiled.
On the other side, Shang Long and Bi Qing saw Luo Zheng's easy-going manner and also came over.
After chatting for a while, these young people quickly became familiar with each other.
Among the five of them, excluding Luo Zheng, Mao Xue was undoubtedly the strongest. Meanwhile, Cheng Wei and Shang Long were on par with each other. Bi Qing was slightly weaker. After all, Bi Qing only joined after Wei Xia's death. He did not have the chance to represent the Chiyou Clan.
The gigantic bone ship was traveling in the sky at an extremely fast speed.
Large patches of brown clouds were scattered in the sky. These clouds were formed by the Chaos Aura.
The bone ship did not have any measures to stop the Chaos Aura. The Chaos Aura was allowed to enter the bone ship. However, these Aragami did not react at all. For example, Mao Xue took a deep breath to feel the freshness of these clouds …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng felt that his definition of the level of life had to be changed again.
A considerable portion of the people born in this world were just ordinary people. Even if they were Aragami, their strength would not be comparable to the True Gods in the Divine Dominion.
In the Divine Dominion, only the Sages could resist the Chaos Aura. However, in this world, no one took the Chaos Aura seriously. However, these people were not Nirvana Realm powerhouses. They did not belong to the Transcendence Realm.
As he was thinking, the bone ship had already rushed out of the clouds.
A towering bone tower came into everyone's sight.
"We've reached the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda." Mao Xue's crescent moon-like eyes blinked. "This time, I will definitely help the Chi You Tribe take it back!"
All these years, the Chiyou Clan and the Xuanyuan Clan had been fighting over this bone pagoda. They had fought several fierce battles over this bone pagoda. In the end, the two clans had expended too much energy, so they had no choice but to stop.
Now it was finally time to put an end to it.
Cheng Wei, Shang Long, Bi Qing, and the others also had serious expressions on their faces. This battle was too important for them.
In contrast, Luo Zheng looked relaxed.
Luo Zheng's purpose was to leave this world. If he could take those exiles with him, it would be great. This bone pagoda was already insignificant to him. He believed that the old man and the other exiles were the same.
"Just treat it as an experience," Luo Zheng said to himself.
Just as the bone ship approached the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, a small soybean grew out from the top of the bone pagoda. This small soybean flipped and quickly turned into a large eye.
"I see Luo Zheng, I see Luo Zheng." 9527 watched Luo Zheng through the eye from afar.
After the bloodline was injected, the Brain Lord ordered 9527 to closely observe Luo Zheng's every move.
However, 9527 could only observe within the range of the bone pagoda. After Luo Zheng left the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda on the bone ship, it lost track of Luo Zheng's whereabouts. Now that it had found Luo Zheng again …
"Luo Zheng wants to go to that city. It's too far, too far …"
"I need bigger eyes to be able to see more clearly."
"Gululu …"
The eye quickly grew from the size of a fist to a gigantic eyeball that was hundreds of feet wide.
However, an object that was hundreds of feet wide was embedded in the bone pagoda that was as wide as a divine territory. It was still a target that was smaller than a speck of dust. Naturally, no one would notice it.
However, 9527 could see the city below through the eye, as well as Luo Zheng's every move.
After the bone ship went around the bone pagoda, it continued to advance to the other side. Soon, it landed in the center of a city.
This city was called the Flying Sickle City. It was a neutral city.
However, although the Flying Sickle City claimed to be neutral, the subordinate clans of the Chiyou clan and the Xuanyuan clan had their own forces in this city. They were also fighting with each other openly and secretly.
"Crash …"
After the bone ship landed, it made a loud noise.
Purple Jade and the other elders of the Chiyou clan walked down the bone ship first. Luo Zheng and the others followed closely behind.
Not far away, twenty to thirty Aragami rushed over and bowed to Purple Jade and the others. "Greetings, Great Elder!"
These Aragami belonged to the subordinate clans of the Chiyou clan. This time, the Chiyou clan had personally come, so they naturally did not dare to be negligent.
Purple Jade glanced at them and asked, "Have the people of the Xuanyuan clan arrived?"
"They're already here. They're waiting in the city," the leader replied respectfully.
"Bring us there," Purple Jade said lightly.
"Yes!"
The leader bowed and led his people to lead the way. The people of the Chiyou clan followed closely behind.
These people flew above the city, attracting the attention of countless people. The people of the Flying Sickle City naturally knew that something big was going to happen here today.
In the center of the Flying Sickle City was a wide wasteland. Countless broken bones were piled up in it and were compacted with soil. It was very flat.
On this wasteland, the people of the Xuanyuan clan stood.
"Those people of the Chiyou clan, are they too afraid to accept the challenge?" A tall and sturdy man of the Xuanyuan clan said in a low muffled voice.
"That's good. It saves me the trouble of fighting," a handsome young man beside the sturdy man said lightly.
This young man was Xian Ze, the one who had issued the challenge letter in the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda not long ago. In just three months, Xian Ze's aura had changed yet again. It seemed like the Xuan Yuan Clan had spent quite a bit of resources on him.
"That's impossible. If they don't dare to accept the challenge, the Chiyou clan will directly give up on the Tiannan Bone Tower. Do you think they will?" A woman in blue beside Xian Ze smiled.
Xian Ze glanced at the woman in blue and said lightly, "Whether they will or not has nothing to do with you. I alone am enough to deal with it. I don't know why the old guys sent you here!"
"You!"
"You!"
The tall and sturdy man, the woman in blue, and two others heard this and immediately glared at each other.

Chapter 2172
Although Xian Ze's personality was very annoying, his talent and bloodline were far superior to other Aragami of the same level.
Naturally, the Xuanyuan Family treated him like a treasure.
There were a few times when Xian Ze offended the elders of the family, but he was not punished. After all, the exiles of the Xuanyuan Family also protected him …
The blue-robed lady and the muscular man represented the Xuanyuan Family. Although they were not weak, there was still a big gap between them and Xian Ze.
Even though Xian Ze was so arrogant in front of them, they did not dare to say anything.
"They're here!"
Someone said.
In the sky far away, a group of people flew over.
Purple Jade lightly touched the ground and took a few steps forward. Her beautiful eyes stared at the people of the Xuanyuan Family and said coldly, "We, the Chiyou Family, are here today."
A middle-aged man wearing a golden robe slowly walked out from the Xuanyuan Family. His eyes focused on Purple Jade's face and he laughed, "It's been a while since we last met. Great Elder Purple Jade has become even more beautiful!"
This middle-aged man was the Great Elder of the Xuanyuan Family, Ji Zhuo.
Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, Purple Jade's eyes turned cold, "If there's nothing else, let's get to the point."
Ji Zhuo did not care about Purple Jade's attitude. He smiled and said, "Of course! Our two families have been fighting for so long, and we need a result. After the ownership of the Southern Sky Bone Tower is confirmed, we can avoid future conflicts. It would be best if we can live in harmony, and that is what everyone wants. Our Xuanyuan Family's disciples are not cultivating, please show mercy! "
Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, the Chiyou Family members rolled their eyes.
The bet was proposed by the Xuanyuan Family. Immediately after, the elite disciples of the Chiyou Family would be killed in the Eternal Wasteland. Both sides had not even fought, and the Chiyou Family had already suffered a great loss. Obviously, the Xuanyuan Family had been prepared for this.
The rules of this battle were simple. Each side would send out five middle-level Aragami. The side that lost first would be the loser.
Both sides prepared for a while and distanced themselves from each other.
After all, the Aragami could easily transform into a thousand feet tall giant. They needed a large enough space to perform.
Quite a number of people had already gathered in the distance of this wasteland.
Once the ownership of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was confirmed, the Eternal Wasteland and the surrounding cities would also belong to the victor.
The complicated forces within Flying Sickle City were also extremely concerned about the outcome. After all, this would affect their future survival …
"Pa, pa, pa …"
Xian Ze cracked his knuckles as he said, "Great Elder, let me go. I alone can take care of the five pieces of trash the other side sent out!"
Ji Zhuo threw a bland glance at Xian Ze.
Such an unruly guy was always annoying. Therefore, it would be a lie to say that Ji Zhuo liked Xian Ze a lot.
However, this brat's talent was simply too high. The Xuanyuan clan had been preparing for this battle for so many years, and most importantly, they had Xian Ze in their clan. With this person here, the Chiyou clan had no chance of winning, because they simply couldn't find anyone who could go against Xian Ze.
"You go last." Ji Zhuo directly rejected Xian Ze's decision. "Tan Xuan, you go first."
Hearing this, Xian Ze immediately became unhappy. "Great Elder, what do you mean? If you don't believe in my strength, then don't drag me here. If you don't want me to fight, then I might as well go back to sleep! "
"If you want to go back to sleep, then go back now." Ji Zhuo didn't seem to care.
Ji Zhuo understood Xian Ze's personality. This guy loved to be in the limelight, so there was no way he would leave.
A trace of helplessness appeared on Xian Ze's face …
If it was an ordinary person, they would have no choice but to obediently wait. However, Xian Ze wasn't an ordinary person. In a fit of anger, he muttered, "Fine, I'll sleep! But I'm too lazy to go back to sleep! I'll sleep here! "
After saying that, he flipped over and laid on the ground, closing his eyes to sleep.
"What is that brat from the Xuanyuan clan doing?"
"What's the meaning of lying on the ground? Does he not dare to fight? "
"This guy really doesn't care about the situation …"
The Chiyou clan members were also dumbfounded. They had no idea what was going on with Xian Ze.
Some of the Aragami who were watching from afar muttered, and some even laughed.
The Xuanyuan clansmen were embarrassed, and Ji Zhuo's expression was even more unsightly. However, he couldn't do anything about Xian Ze, so he could only turn a blind eye.
Of course, Purple Jade recognized Xian Ze as the one who issued the challenge last time. It wouldn't be strange if this guy did something weird.
"The first battle, Biqing will fight," Purple Jade said softly.
"Yes!"
Biqing responded and flew out.
He held a green bamboo stick in his hand. As he flew forward, the Aragami power in his body was activated.
In the blink of an eye, his body expanded, and he became a giant of twelve hundred feet tall. He stood in front of the Chiyou clan members, and the bamboo stick in his hand also expanded to a thousand feet long.
"This green bamboo stick is made of the same material as Cheng Wei's bamboo sword. It can also shrink …" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. "I forgot that I don't have a weapon …"
Luo Zheng could also transform into a giant now.
His Chengying Sword was powerful, but it was brought down from the Divine Realm.
Although Luo Zheng had merged with the sword soul of the Chengying Sword, he still couldn't unleash its full power, and he couldn't shrink it.
If he transformed into a giant, he couldn't use the Chengying Sword to fight, could he?
The Chengying Sword, which was a few feet long, was smaller than a toothpick in the hands of a giant. He couldn't use a toothpick to stab people, could he?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng called out softly, "Grand Elder."
Purple Jade turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, what's the matter?"
"I'm still missing a weapon," Luo Zheng said, pointing at the bamboo stick in Biqing's hand. "A weapon that can shrink or shrink."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Purple Jade patted its head and smiled apologetically. "I can't believe I forgot about such an important thing!"
Every time a Chiyou clan member broke through a realm, the clan would reward him with a weapon.
However, after Luo Zheng broke through, too many things happened, so everyone forgot about it.
Diao Yuan said, "Luo Zheng, you're good at using swords, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Diao Yuan smiled. With a flash of green light in his hand, a long green sword appeared in his hand.
This long sword was also a bamboo sword, but its entire body was emitting a dark green crystal light. Its appearance was much better than Cheng Wei's bamboo sword.
Diao Yuan said, "This is my sword. It's made of desolate bones and black bamboo. We call it a desolate weapon. It can change according to the owner's changes. Take it!"
With that, he threw the exquisite bamboo sword to Luo Zheng.
"Thank you!"
Luo Zheng grabbed the bamboo sword and examined it carefully.
To be able to use desolate bones to refine such a magical weapon, it had to be said that in this barren world, there were indeed many amazing geniuses.
"Rumble …"

Chapter 2173
Bi Qing's huge body fell heavily to the ground.
Tan Xuan of the Xuanyuan Clan stood on the spot like a god, his whole body shining with golden light.
He did not even use a weapon and defeated Bi Qing with his bare hands.
As the Chiyou Clan had lost Wei Xia and Feng Long, Bi Qing was just a substitute middle-level Aragami. Her strength was indeed weaker.
Seeing this, Purple Jade and the others frowned.
They expected Bi Qing to lose, but they did not expect her to lose so cleanly. Both of them were middle-level Aragami, but the difference in strength between Bi Qing and her opponent was too big.
Bi Qing, who was lying on the ground, was obviously not convinced. She struggled to get up.
However, Tan Xuan's huge body leaped up and flipped in the air. Then, he pressed down like a mountain.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud noise, Tan Xuan pressed Bi Qing firmly on the ground. At the same time, he reached out and pressed his finger on Bi Qing's forehead. If his finger pressed down, Bi Qing's head would be crushed.
"The most important thing in this battle is to determine the winner. If you want to lose your life, I can help you," Tan Xuan said coldly.
At this time, Purple Jade's voice floated over. "Bi Qing, admit defeat. Don't make any unnecessary resistance."
As a member of the same clan, with the same blood flowing in their veins, they would eventually pity their own clansmen.
Moreover, the Chiyou Clan had only lost one battle. There were still chances later.
"I lost," Bi Qing said with a face full of unwillingness.
"Heh." Tan Xuan smiled coldly, then stood up and retreated to the Xuanyuan Clan.
Bi Qing also dissolved the Aragami power in her body and retreated.
"Great Elder, I want to fight," Mao Xue said with a frown as she stared at Tan Xuan.
Bi Qing had lost so badly that Mao Xue could not bear it anymore. No matter what, she had to regain some face for her clan.
Purple Jade blinked and then shook its head. "Let's follow the order. It's too early for you to fight now …"
In Purple Jade's heart, Mao Xue was the trump card of the Chiyou Clan.
If she fought in advance, she could indeed crush Tan Xuan. However, she would have to face the Xuanyuan Clan's consecutive battles.
If Mao Xue lost in the end, the result would be unpredictable. Although the Chiyou Clan still had Luo Zheng as their trump card …
"Shang Long, you go," Zi Yu said faintly.
Like Bi Qing, Shang Long's strength was not particularly strong. After all, the Chiyou Clan had pinned their hopes on Luo Zheng, Mao Xue, and Cheng Wei. Even if the first two were defeated, they could accept it.
"Yes, Grand Elder! I won't disappoint my clansmen. "Shang Long nodded.
Shang Long's status in the clan was not very high, and his bloodline was only of the fourth grade.
However, this person had a calm temperament and was a very hardworking person. All these years, he had been painstakingly cultivating, and the amount of energy he had consumed far exceeded that of others.
He needed the support of the clan, and he needed to obtain more resources. He could only work harder, and he had to prove himself in this battle!
"Sou!"
Shang Long flew into the air and his body grew rapidly, transforming into a giant with two heads and four arms. "Boom!" He landed on the ground, causing the ground within a radius of a few miles to shake violently.
Xian Ze, who was sleeping on the ground, opened his eyes and glanced at Shang Long. Then, he turned around and closed his eyes again, as if he couldn't be bothered to look at Shang Long.
The Xuan Yuan Clan was already feeling very helpless towards Xian Ze, who was lying on the ground, and could only let him be.
Tan Xuan coldly looked at Xian Ze.
Although they were of the same clan, Tan Xuan also looked down on Xian Ze's lazy personality.
So what if you're strong? I can deal with the other side alone …
As Tan Xuan thought this, his body flashed with golden light and he directly walked towards Shang Long.
Tan Xuan walked as he said to Shang Long, "There's no need for the Chi You Clan to play this kind of game. With your strength, you don't even have the qualifications to fight. It's a pure waste of time. Just let Cheng Wei or Mao Xue fight!"
On the Xuan Yuan Clan's list, the two most important people were Cheng Wei and Mao Xue. The others were insignificant.
Mao Xue had been famous for a long time, and she was the number one genius of the Chi You Clan's younger generation. Her strength was naturally not weak.
The reason why the Xuan Yuan Clan paid attention to Cheng Wei was because she had escaped their pursuit in the Eternal Wasteland.
Not only that, Cheng Wei had also killed three Chi You Clan members by herself!
The Xuan Yuan Clan had gone against reason, so they naturally did not spread the news. However, the Xuan Yuan Clan paid special attention to Cheng Wei, even more so than Mao Xue!
They naturally did not know that Cheng Wei was only able to accomplish this feat with the help of Luo Zheng.
As for Luo Zheng, the Xuan Yuan Clan did not even know of his existence, so they naturally did not know anything about him.
This time, Luo Zheng accompanied Mao Xue and Cheng Wei to fight. They also treated Luo Zheng as a last-minute substitute, and did not even give him a second glance.
Shang Long was not angry at all, and he calmly replied, "Whether I have the qualifications or not, it's not up to you to decide. At least, I'm already standing on this stage!"
"Alright then …" Tan Xuan's mouth cracked open, and a strange smile appeared on his face.
Whoosh …
Immediately, his speed increased explosively. With such a huge body moving, he was as light as the wind, and in the blink of an eye, he swept towards Shang Long.
"So fast!"
"This Tan Xuan is not very famous in the Xuan Yuan Clan, and he's the first to fight, yet he has such strength …"
"The Chi You Clan has no successor, I'm afraid they'll be completely defeated!"
The spectators in the distance were discussing.
In the past, the Xuan Yuan Clan and the Chi You Clan had fought a few times, but the strength of the two clans was about the same. This time, the difference was obvious.
When the Chi You Clan saw this, their faces became heavy.
Boom!
Shang Long did not see clearly at all, and his head was heavily hit.
Tan Xuan stopped and looked at Shang Long, who was shaking his head, with a trace of disdain on his face, and his figure moved again.
Boom, boom, boom …
Heavy punches landed on Shang Long's body, and Shang Long, who was standing in the same place, had almost no strength to fight back.
However, Shang Long relied on his unswerving character to endure!
"How troublesome." Tan Xuan's face darkened. He stretched out his finger and gently pinched.
A golden light bloomed from his hand, quickly turning into a golden dagger, and then he rushed towards Shang Long again.
With this attack, he was going to end the second battle.
However, the moment Tan Xuan rushed over, Shang Long, who was originally slow, had a look of determination in his eyes. With a loud roar, he grabbed Tan Xuan with one arm, and hugged Tan Xuan tightly with the other two hands.
The characteristic of the Chi You Desolate Body was that its physical body was extremely tough, and it was extremely powerful in close combat!

Chapter 2174
The two of them fought on the ground for a while. Billowing smoke and dust rose from the ground, blocking everyone's sight.
Everyone could only hear a series of loud rumbling noises.
Not long after, the smoke and dust dispersed and two mountain-like giants appeared.
Everyone's eyes were focused on the two of them …
At this moment, Shang Long's arms were cut off and there was a huge wound on his neck. Blood was gushing out and his huge eyes were unfocused.
Tan Xuan's situation did not look good either. His whole body was covered with bruises and the golden light on his body was dim. It was obvious that he had suffered heavy injuries.
"Bah! What a troublesome thing! "Tan Xuan spat.
At this moment, Shang Long's body began to shrink rapidly and the power of the Rage God quickly dissipated …
"Shang Long!"
Qi Chang's face was gloomy. He turned into a beam of light and rushed over, carrying Shang Long's body.
After cultivating the Rage God, one's body would have unprecedented strength. However, once it suffered a fatal injury, it would be difficult to recover.
The wound on Shang Long's neck had directly taken his life!
"How dare you kill him!" Qi Chang was furious at this moment. A vigorous and grand aura emerged.
Shang Long was a disciple of Qi Chang's bloodline. He was very close to Qi Chang and was also cultivated by Qi Chang. Qi Chang did not expect him to die here today. Naturally, Qi Chang was very sad.
Even if Qi Chang did not transform into the Rage God Body, he still gave Tan Xuan a lot of pressure.
Tan Xuan wiped the blood on his face and sneered, "He is not strong enough and yet he still wants to fight. He is courting death! If he had given up early, he would not have forced me to kill him! "
"You …" Qi Chang seemed to be unable to hold back and was about to attack.
"Hehe, in the arena, life and death are up to fate. Qi Chang, are you planning to bully the weak?" A gloomy voice floated over. It was a thin old man from the Xuanyuan Clan. This old man was also an elder of the Xuanyuan Clan.
Seeing this, Purple Jade frowned, and its figure also fluttered away.
At the same time, the Xuanyuan Clan's Great Elder, Ji Zhuo, flew to the center of the wasteland.
When the two Great Elders moved, the whole situation became tense.
These two clans had been fighting openly and covertly these past few years, but it had been many years since a true war had broken out …
"Since it's a duel, there's bound to be mistakes. Purple Jade, you're not so naive as to think that we're just having a friendly duel, are you?" Ji Zhuo chuckled and said.
Zi Yu floated in the air, her beautiful eyes flickered with a complicated expression. She then said: "Qi Chang, bring Shang Long's body back."
"But …" Qi Chang was still very angry.
"They're right. Life and death are up to fate. A loss is a loss," the cub said and turned back.
The elders of the Chiyou Clan, including Diao Yuan and the others, all had indignant looks on their faces.
If the Grand Elder gave the order, they wouldn't fear the Xuanyuan Clan at all and would be willing to fight to the death with him.
However, with Cub Jade's attitude, they could not do anything and could only swallow their anger.
"Purple Jade has always been a reasonable person. That's what I, Ji Mu, admire the most." Ji Yu laughed dryly.
At this time, Zi Yu turned her head and revealed a cold look in her eyes. "When I said that life and death are up to fate, I didn't just mean my clan's disciples. You are the same!"
After saying this, the cub left without looking back.
Mao Xue pursed her lips and watched Qi Chang carry Shang Long's body back.
She was naive and probably couldn't accept that Shang Long, who was so talkative just a moment ago, was now a dead man. Her eyes were filled with tears.
The Chiyou Clan was silent …
They had lost two rounds in a row and one of their people had died. This was something they had not expected.
Luo Zheng stood in place and maintained his calm.
Cheng Wei bit his lips and his eyes were red. He no longer had his usual calmness and said to Zi Yu: "Grand Elder, according to the order, it's my turn to fight now, right?"
"Yes." Zi Yu nodded slightly.
"Very good." Cheng Wei's handsome face revealed a trace of malevolence. The light green bamboo sword was already in his hand. Without any hesitation, he slowly walked forward.
Tan Xuan was also heavily injured in the battle with Shang Long.
Although he had killed Shang Long, he had also lost his ability to fight. According to the rules of this battle, this round was actually a draw.
However, the price of a draw was Shang Long's life!
After Cheng Wei fought in the third round, the Xuan Yuan Clan naturally wouldn't let Tan Xuan fight.
If they let Tan Xuan fight directly, he would probably be killed by the angry Cheng Wei.
"Gong Lu, you go." Ji Zhuo ordered.
"Yes." Gong Lu, who had been waiting for a long time, cupped his hands towards the Grand Elder and was about to fight.
At this time, Ji Zhuo said in a low voice: "Be careful. This Cheng Wei is very strong. Three of our clansmen died in his hands. If you can't beat him, you can directly admit defeat."
A trace of bitterness appeared on Gong Lu's face.
After all, Cheng Wei, who he was about to fight, was not an ordinary person.
Moreover, Tan Xuan had just killed his opponent. Now, he had to face Cheng Wei's anger. He was really unlucky.
The power of the Rage God was released from Cheng Wei's body. His aura slowly rose, and his figure also slowly grew taller. His white robe rustled, and the bamboo sword in his hand also grew sharply in the wind.
Facing Gong Lu of the Xuan Yuan Clan, Cheng Wei still showed courtesy. He slightly cupped his hands towards the other party and said indifferently: "Just now, your Xuan Yuan Clan also said that in the arena, life and death are up to fate."
Gong Lu blinked and nodded: "Yes, so what?"
"Then, you can leave it to fate …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Cheng Wei moved.
He leaped into the air like a wild ancient beast.
His thousand feet tall body jumped up and rushed to a height of several hundred thousand feet. The bamboo sword in his hand flipped and drew an emerald green sword light in the air. From top to bottom, it emitted a resolute aura, and directly slashed towards Gong Lu.
Gong Lu saw Cheng Wei fighting so desperately right from the start. Probably because he wasn't mentally prepared, he immediately became timid.
In a battle between experts, once one's mentality showed weakness, one would be very passive.
Gong Lu flipped and barely dodged Cheng Wei's slash.
"Boom!"
However, just as Cheng Wei landed on the ground and took a step forward, another emerald green sword light followed closely.
Seeing this, Gong Lu clenched his teeth and stabbed the slender long Mo Sword in his hand, aiming straight for Cheng Wei's chest.
He planned to force Cheng Wei to retreat. After all, if Cheng Wei wanted to slash him, his Mo Sword would definitely pierce through him …
He didn't expect Cheng Wei to completely ignore the Mo Sword that was about to pierce through his chest. Even if both sides would suffer, he still wanted to kill Gong Lu!
How could this be …

Chapter 2175
Cheng Wei was filled with anger. Every move he made was a desperate one. How could he hold back at all?
The bamboo sword transformed into streaks of emerald green sword light that furiously swept toward Gong Lu.
Gong Lu was forced to flee the entire time. He wanted to occasionally counterattack, but that would immediately lead to Cheng Wei's even more brutal suppression.
Clang, clang, clang!
The bamboo sword, which was hundreds of feet long, slashed against the modao several times, producing crisp sounds that shook the heavens.
As Gong Lu retreated, he blocked dozens of sword strikes in a flurry. Finally, he revealed a serious flaw.
Cheng Wei's eyes flashed. He seized this flaw and slashed at Gong Lu with his sword.
Buzz, buzz, buzz …
Gong Lu saw that he could not dodge. The golden light around his body intensified. He wanted to use the Xuanyuan Desolate Body to forcefully withstand this attack.
However, when Cheng Wei's seemingly light bamboo sword slashed his body, Gong Lu realized how naive his thoughts were.
Puchi!
The bamboo sword exploded with a sharp cutting power, and the golden light on the surface of Gong Lu's body was shattered. He only felt a chill in his right arm, and his gigantic arm, which was hundreds of feet long, was instantly cut off.
After this arm was cut off, the power of the Rage God contained within it quickly began to dissipate. The huge arm quickly shrank and flew to an unknown corner.
"I admit defeat! I admit defeat! "Gong Lu shouted loudly.
He threw away his modao. With a rumble, he knelt on the ground. Instantly, two large pits appeared on the ground.
If he did not admit defeat, he would probably end up like Shang Long and be killed by Cheng Wei.
Even though Gong Lu admitted defeat, Cheng Wei still did not show any mercy.
In her fury, Cheng Wei wanted to kill someone. But when she saw that her sword was about to chop down, the long sword stopped halfway and could no longer move … …
Diao Yuan had appeared behind him at some point. He was already the same size as Cheng Wei. Diao Yuan's two fingers gently clamped the bamboo sword.
"Come back. He admitted defeat. You've already won," Diao Yuan said calmly.
Although life and death did not matter in the arena, Gong Lu had already knelt on the ground and admitted defeat.
If Cheng Wei took his life again, it would cause the Xuanyuan Clan to retaliate. This was not something the Chiyou Clan wanted to see.
Before leaving, Zi Yu had also received instructions from his father, Fu Er.
Try not to get into a conflict with the Xuanyuan Clan. Even if you lose, it doesn't matter.
In the eyes of the exiles, the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was no longer important. What was important was Luo Zheng.
After all, Luo Zheng knew how to get out of this prison …
This time, he let Luo Zheng come out with Purple Jade just to give Luo Zheng some experience.
Cheng Wei gradually calmed down and snorted at the trembling Gong Lu. "Consider yourself lucky!"
Soon after, he retreated with Diao Yuan. Meanwhile, Gong Lu also retrieved his severed arm and returned to the Xuan Yuan Clan's side with his tail between his legs.
Cheng Wei won the third match.
Relying on Cheng Wei, the Chiyou Tribe finally regained some face.
On the other hand, the members of the Xuanyuan Clan all revealed cautious expressions.
"That Cheng Wei's strength is indeed extraordinary," said a black-faced Elder of the Xuanyuan Clan.
Another Elder had some doubt on his face. "This Cheng Wei's strength is not bad, but in the Eternal Wasteland, he can't fight one against three. Even if he really defeated Yun Ang, Tong Wen, and Wu Shuo, it's impossible for him to kill all three of them. It's not to the extent that none of them can return …"
"There should be some other secrets that we don't know," said the black-faced Elder with a frown.
Ji Zhuo smiled faintly. "Whether there are secrets or he really has strength, we'll still follow the original plan. Xia Yun, you fight. If Xia Yun loses, Xia Feng will fight."
In the Xuanyuan Clan, Xia Yun and Xia Feng were second in rank after Xian Ze.
Before Xian Ze rose to power, Xia Yun and Xia Feng had always been the focus of the Xuanyuan Clan's nurturing. However, Xian Ze's sudden appearance overshadowed the siblings' radiance.
In Ji Zhuo's eyes, as long as Xian Ze was here, the Xuanyuan Clan would have no worries.
The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was theirs!
"Yes, Grand Elder!"
The green-clothed girl bowed to Ji Zhuo. She was the Xia Yun that Ji Zhuo had mentioned.
"Yun 'er, be careful." Behind Xia Yun, her brother Xia Feng warned.
Gong Lu was almost powerless against Cheng Wei, which made Xia Feng a little nervous. He was afraid that something would happen to his sister.
"Yun 'er knows." Xia Yun smiled.
"If you can't beat him, just admit defeat," added Xia Feng.
"Pfft …"
Xian Ze, who was still sleeping on the ground, couldn't help but laugh. "Xia Feng, aren't you too cowardly? You want to admit defeat before the fight even starts? "
"What does it have to do with you?" Xia Feng replied coldly.
Many people in the Xuanyuan Clan didn't like Xian Ze, but he was too monstrous. Everyone gave in to him.
However, Xia Feng had never given Xian Ze any face.
Xian Ze didn't get angry. He just chuckled and said, "I hope you won't ask me to save you in the end." Then, he turned around and continued sleeping on the ground.
Cheng Wei continued to fight in the fourth match.
In the past three months, Cheng Wei's cultivation had improved a lot in the Na Huang Cave, but there was still a certain gap between him and Mao Xue.
Strictly speaking, he was a little stronger than Gong Lu, but the real gap was definitely not as big as it was in that battle. It was just that Gong Lu was flustered and couldn't resist at all …
Xia Yun's strength was far stronger than Gong Lu's.
Facing Cheng Wei's crazy attacks, she retreated in an orderly manner while fighting steadily without any panic.
When Cheng Wei's desperate spirit was exhausted, Xia Yun took the initiative and gradually gained the upper hand. The pure black thin sword in her hand was like a boneless spirit snake, forming a cage and firmly trapping Cheng Wei inside.
Cheng Wei was like a trapped beast. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't escape.
"Brother Cheng Wei is going to lose. He's no match for that green-clothed girl," said Luo Zheng indifferently as he watched the two giants fight.
"This Xia Yun is actually so powerful …" Mao Xue blinked her big eyes and said.
When Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and Qi Chang saw Xia Yun's strength, their expressions didn't look too good.
They didn't expect the young Aragami of the Xuanyuan Clan to grow so quickly!
According to the order of battle, this Xia Yun shouldn't be the strongest, but the strength she displayed was already far from Cheng Wei.
Even Mao Xue might not be able to take her down, not to mention there were two people behind the Xuanyuan Clan. Could the Chiyou Clan only count on Luo Zheng?

Chapter 2176
Xia Yun calmly waved the black rapier in her hand.
After turning into a Aragami, her judgment of distance and space had become complicated. Therefore, the Aragami's fighting methods were rough and violent.
It was much more difficult for an ordinary person to be a middleman and a giant to be a middleman.
However, Xia Yun was able to control all of this to the smallest detail. It was a terrifying ability.
Every strike of her sword was very careful and just right.
There were a few times when she could have taken Cheng Wei's life. However, the black rapier only made a light cut on Cheng Wei's body, leaving a non-fatal wound.
Soon, more and more wounds appeared on Cheng Wei's body. His white robe was soaked in blood.
"You've already lost. Stop struggling." Xia Yun pursed her lips and said.
Cheng Wei did not listen. His attacks became fiercer and fiercer.
With no other choice, Xia Yun gently put away the black rapier. She lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot, creating a large pit that was dozens of feet deep. Taking advantage of Cheng Wei's attack, she jumped up. The black rapier was like a dancing giant snake, piercing downwards.
"Puff!"
The rapier directly pierced through Cheng Wei's arm.
The bamboo sword suddenly flew out and nailed to the ground. Without the support of the Aragami's power, the bamboo sword that was hundreds of feet long suddenly turned back to three feet long …
At the same time, Xia Yun's black rapier was wrapped around Cheng Wei's head. As long as she used her strength, Cheng Wei's head would be separated from his body.
Seeing this scene, the Chiyou people were so nervous that their throats were hanging.
The Chiyou people had already lost Shang Long. If Cheng Wei fell as well, they would not be able to accept it.
However, Cheng Wei was stubborn. He knew that he was no match for Xia Yun, but he refused to admit defeat!
"Admit defeat …" Xia Yun said. She tilted her head and thought for a while. Then she said, "If you are angry, I apologize to you on behalf of Tan Xuan. He should not have killed Shang Long by mistake."
The muscles on Cheng Wei's face trembled.
After a while, he calmed down and sighed softly, "A defeat is a defeat. It's my own fault for not being able to get justice. You don't have to apologize to me."
"Okay." Xia Yun nodded lightly. She carefully took a few steps back and slowly left.
Cheng Wei looked at Xia Yun's back with a complicated expression …
This woman was neither arrogant nor rash. Even if she had the upper hand, she was always vigilant. Her state of mind was always the same. He was ashamed of his inferiority and accepted his defeat wholeheartedly.
In the fifth match, Cheng Wei lost.
As soon as Cheng Wei lost, the people from the Xuan Yuan Clan relaxed.
In their eyes, there was no suspense in the following battle.
Only Mao Xue was left on the Chi You side.
According to their speculations, Mao Xue's strength was only on par with Xia Yun's.
Even if Xia Yun lost, there was still Xia Feng, who was stronger.
As for Xian Ze, if he wanted to lie on the ground, then so be it …
At this moment, Xian Ze who was lying on the ground was in a bad mood.
Originally, he thought that after the Chiyou Clan defeated Xia Yun and Xia Feng, these fellows in the clan would come to him and beg for his help. Then, he would reluctantly go out to fight and turn the tide. Wouldn't that be great?
However, a single Xia Yun was able to take care of all of them. His Immortal Grace was completely useless, so how could he be happy?
"Looks like the outcome has been decided …"
"The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda should be controlled by the Xuanyuan Clan!"
"Hahaha, we've finally chased those annoying Chi You fellows out! Flying Sickle City will belong to the Python Tiger Clan in the future! "
Discussions broke out at the edge of the wasteland.
The battle between the top factions often affected the fates of many people.
Naturally, there were those who were happy and those who were worried. Those who relied on the Chi You Clan naturally had ugly expressions. If the Xuan Yuan Clan won this battle, there would be no place for them in Flying Sickle City …
After Cheng Wei lost, Mao Xue would fight.
This battle was extremely crucial. After all, in the eyes of most people, Mao Xue was the pillar of support for the Chi You Clan.
If Mao Xue lost, the Chi You Clan would be completely defeated.
Mao Xue and Xia Yun didn't have much interaction between them. After the two met, they began an intense battle.
As the bloodline was passed down from generation to generation, the purity of the bloodline would become thinner and thinner. However, there would occasionally be miracles.
When it was passed down to Mao Xue, her bloodline had mutated.
Her Chi You Desolate Physique was covered in a layer of unique blood patterns.
Why would Mao Xue's bloodline change like this? Even the exiles couldn't explain it …
Because of the existence of these unique blood patterns, Mao Xue had a considerable advantage in speed. Speed was the most important aspect of a huge Aragami.
Therefore, as soon as the two girls started to fight, Mao Xue quickly gained the upper hand.
However, after Xia Yun's battle with Cheng Wei, she became more and more courageous. The black rapier in her hand danced in all directions, forming an impassable wall that firmly blocked Mao Xue outside.
Mao Xue turned into a streak of blood-red light and continuously attacked Xia Yun's defenses. However, her efforts were all for naught and she was eventually forced back by Xia Yun.
As Xia Yun defended against Mao Xue's attacks, she followed suit and forced Mao Xue into a corner.
She had set up a net from the very beginning. Only when Mao Xue stepped into this net did she seal off the exit of this net.
Soon, Mao Xue found that her advantage was being countered and she couldn't use it at all …
Finally, Mao Xue stuck out her tongue and said helplessly, "I've lost."
Xia Yun nodded and didn't say anything else. She also carefully took a few steps back and quickly left.
Even though she had defeated the number one genius of the Chi You Clan, Xia Yun's expression was still calm.
"Sigh, if I knew the Chi You Clan's younger generation was so weak, I wouldn't have used those tricks in the beginning …"
"I didn't expect the Chi You Clan to decline so much …"
The elders of the Xuanyuan Clan also had mixed feelings when they found out that they had won so easily.
One had to know that they had been planning for a long time for this Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, striving for a perfect plan.
They didn't expect the opponent to be unable to resist at all.
"Purple Jade, our Xuanyuan Clan has won this battle. According to the agreement, your Chi You Clan has to withdraw from the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda," Ji Zhuo said with a smile.
He was happy not only because he had taken control of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
More importantly, the Xuanyuan Clan's younger generation had almost crushed the Chi You Clan. Ji Zhuo didn't expect the Chi You Clan's younger generation to be so weak.
A clan needed continuous inheritance, and the younger generation represented the clan's future. If this continued, the Chi You Clan would decline sooner or later.
Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, the purple jade smiled and said, "Grand Elder Ji Zhuo, did you make a mistake?"
"What mistake?" Ji Zhuo's face darkened. He thought the purple jade wanted to go back on its words.
If the Chi You Clan didn't want to give up the control of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, this would be troublesome. After all, the Xuanyuan Clan didn't want to fight the Chi You Clan all out.
Even if the Xuanyuan Clan won, it would be a partial victory, and the losses it would bring were not something they wanted to see.

Chapter 2177
The elders of the Xuanyuan Clan were stunned when they heard Purple Jade's voice.
According to the bet, both clans would send five of their disciples to fight.
The Chiyou Clan had defeated four people in a row, and the Xuanyuan Clan had ignored the last person …
After all, even the most powerful Chiyou Mao Xue had been defeated.
"I see. I've been careless." Ji Yu sighed in relief. As long as the Chiyou Clan was willing to fulfill the bet, there was nothing else to worry about. "If that's the case, Xia Yun, you fight again."
At this time, Xian Ze said casually, "I've already said that the Chiyou Clan is a bunch of trash. Even if there were fifty of them, they would still be a bunch of trash. I don't know what they're thinking. One more is just asking for humiliation …"
Nobody from the Xuanyuan Clan cared about Xian Ze.
Xia Yun's expression did not change. He held the thin black sword and walked out slowly. Then, he transformed into a huge Aragami and stood there waiting.
"Brother Luo Zheng, we're counting on you!"
Cheng Wei who was sitting on the ground said. He was treating the big and small wounds on his body.
Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and the other elders also looked at Luo Zheng …
They did not know how much potential Luo Zheng had.
However, as Cheng Wei said, Luo Zheng was able to kill a Middle Aragami in the Eternal Wasteland.
Now, Luo Zheng had activated the Chiyou Desolate Body and passed the Physical Calamity. His strength should have improved by leaps and bounds. He should not be underestimated.
Luo Zheng nodded. He stroked the emerald green sword in his hand and slowly walked towards the center of the wasteland.
At the same time, he softly uttered the word "Grow". His body began to expand rapidly.
In the blink of an eye, he had grown to a height of more than ten thousand feet …
However, when he transformed into a Aragami, he forgot about the sword in his hand. As his body expanded, he did not pay attention and the sword fell from his huge fingers …
It was Luo Zheng's first time using a Desolate Weapon. Although Diao Yuan told him that the Desolate Weapon could grow as his body grew, he forgot to tell him to infuse the Aragami's power into it.
For the Aragami, this action was like eating and drinking. They would never forget it.
Xia Yun who was standing in front of Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he understood what happened.
The Chiyou Tribe burst into laughter.
"No way, this brat doesn't even know how to use a Desolate weapon?"
"What is the Chiyou Clan trying to do? Why did they send such a guy …"
"I'm here to make fun of you!"
"Xia Yun will probably be able to subdue that brat in one move!"
Luo Zheng's clumsy appearance had indeed baffled many people. This kind of situation would only happen to a person who was using a desolate weapon for the first time.
They did not know that this was indeed the first time Luo Zheng had used a desolate weapon.
As for the Chiyou Tribe, their faces were somewhat ugly. Although many people had high expectations for Luo Zheng, it was a bit shameful for him to drop the ball as soon as he entered the arena.
"I'm sorry." Luo Zheng smiled faintly, as if he didn't care.
"It doesn't matter." Xia Yun shook her head and looked at Luo Zheng calmly. There was a trace of curiosity in her eyes.
After that, he dispersed the power of the Aragami and found the green longsword that he had lost. This time, his body expanded once again. The longsword also expanded along with his body.
"It's done."
Luo Zheng held the longsword with one hand and stared at Xia Yun.
He did not activate the Chiyou Desolate Body immediately. This Xia Yun had demonstrated a strong control over her body. Luo Zheng also wanted to test it out.
Xia Yun nodded and pinched the black rapier with her fingers. She said softly, "If you're ready, then I'm going to start!"
As soon as she finished speaking, Xia Yun's eyes suddenly shone with a sharp light.
"Swoosh!"
The black rapier that was more than four hundred feet long suddenly swung out like a snake coming out of its hole. It went straight to Luo Zheng's face.
Xia Yun had perfect control over her gigantic body. Regardless of strength or distance, she was precise to the smallest detail. This sword seemed ordinary, but the angle was extremely tricky!
Many Aragami would choose to retreat when facing this sword!
Only by retreating could they safely avoid this sword.
However, once they retreated, they would fall into Xia Yun's trap. Her next attack would be like a flood that broke through the dam. It would be endless until the opponent was completely trapped. Then, she would tear apart the opponent's defense bit by bit!
That was Xia Yun's strong control! She knew how to read the opponent and even the rhythm of the battle!
Everything would go according to her plan!
In all fairness, Mao Xue's strength was not inferior to Xia Yun. However, Mao Xue's temperament was too straightforward. It would be fine if she encountered other people. However, when she encountered Xia Yun, it would be difficult for her to utilize her advantage. She would be helpless when she was targeted. It was not surprising that she would lose to Xia Yun.
However, this time, Xia Yun encountered Luo Zheng.
"Phew …"
Luo Zheng did not retreat.
He only tilted his head slightly to one side.
The thin black sword flew past his cheek, and the distance between the tip of the sword and his cheek was less than a foot!
One should know that Luo Zheng and Xia Yun were both giants that were more than ten thousand feet tall.
After transforming into an Aragami, the width of a foot was equivalent to the width of an ordinary person's hair …
Luo Zheng turned his head and dodged the attack with such confidence. No matter how calm and indifferent Xia Yun's state of mind was, she was still shocked at the moment.
How was that possible?
Was it luck?
Xia Yun could not believe it.
At such a close distance, if he was not careful, his head would have been cut off by her sword. He actually dared to dodge the attack with luck?
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. He seemed to be calmer than Xia Yun.
After noticing Luo Zheng's expression, Xia Yun frowned slightly. Then, she moved her arm again.
The rapier that was thrusting out suddenly changed direction. Once again, it was aimed at Luo Zheng's head.
However, Luo Zheng suddenly shrunk his neck. The black rapier sliced across Luo Zheng's head. It was still a foot away from Luo Zheng. This time, it managed to cut off a few strands of Luo Zheng's hair …
"This guy … It's not luck!"
Xia Yun was shocked.
Among the younger generation, Xia Yun had the most accurate control of space. Even her brother, Xia Feng, was not as good as her.
However, even she could not control it to such an extent …
A deep sense of danger rose in her heart. She realized that this unknown young man in front of her was not an ordinary person.
As she thought so, she swung the black rapier even faster!
However, Luo Zheng did not move his feet at all. His body either leaned back or swayed left and right. He actually managed to dodge all of Xia Yun's storm-like attacks.
In the distance …
When the elders of the Xuanyuan Clan saw this scene, their eyes widened in shock.

Chapter 2178
Xia Yun slashed out dozens of times in a row, but Luo Zheng easily dodged them all. For a moment, she became a little impatient.
She suddenly retreated a few steps and stomped on the ground with the tip of her foot, creating a three to four hundred feet deep pit. She was already holding the black rapier in her hand!
Seeing Xia Yun's action, her brother frowned slightly, "Yun 'er is a little impatient. But this time, let's see how that kid dodges!"
"Lingering Sword Net!"
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
The black rapier was like a whip as it shot out from Xia Yun's hand.
The black rapier intertwined with each other, forming a complex net that enveloped Luo Zheng's head.
The net was very fine. No matter which direction Luo Zheng dodged, he could not escape!
"How will Luo Zheng break this move?" Mao Xue opened her eyes wide and looked at the scene with concern.
Seeing this move, Cheng Wei's handsome eyebrows slightly trembled.
Previously, he was completely defeated by Xia Yun's move. This black rapier net formed a cage that trapped him. No matter how he struggled, he could not break free from this cage …
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly when he saw the black sword net coming at him from all directions.
The Desolate God's battle was essentially still a martial technique.
The only difference was that the weapon used was a desolate weapon, which was thousands of times bigger. The martial artist was also thousands of times bigger.
In terms of pure "technique", Luo Zheng was not afraid of anyone!
"Swish!"
Seeing the rapier net coming at him, Luo Zheng raised the rapier in his hand and stabbed it in one direction.
"Ding!"
A crisp sound rang out.
Luo Zheng blocked one of the black rapiers.
A large hole suddenly appeared in the rapier net …
Seeing Luo Zheng casually stab out, Xia Yun was shocked.
The sword technique she used required a high understanding of space. Once it was used, it would be continuous, like a cage that firmly trapped the opponent. The more he struggled, the deeper he would be trapped!
However, this sword technique was not perfect. There were four flaws in the rapier net.
As long as he attacked the four flaws, he would be able to break the sword net.
However, up until now, she had only met one opponent who was able to quickly find a flaw, and that was Xian Ze.
Xia Yun didn't expect that Luo Zheng could also see through the first flaw. Was this a coincidence, or did he really see through it?
"Oh?"
Xian Ze, who was lying on the ground, quietly observed this scene and finally got up from the ground.
"I didn't expect the Chi You Tribe to have such a person." Xian Ze's eyes widened, and a look of intense interest appeared on his face.
At this moment, Ji Zhuo and the other elders of the Xuanyuan Family frowned as well, their faces covered in a layer of haze.
"I didn't expect the Chiyou Race to be so secretive."
"That's not right. If there is really such a person in the Chiyou Clan, it is impossible that we don't know anything about it!"
"Xia Yun may not necessarily lose. Everyone, calm down!"
Even if Xia Yun lost, they still had Xia Feng. Even if Xia Feng lost, they still had the monstrous Xian Ze.
The Xuanyuan Clan could still afford to lose, but the Chiyou Clan only had one person left!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
The black sword in Xia Yun's hand didn't stop. In the blink of an eye, the hole created by Luo Zheng was filled with streaks of black light.
At the same time, Xia Yun began to rapidly circle Luo Zheng.
As she moved, the sword net also began to spin, and the changes within it became even more complicated. It would be more difficult for Luo Zheng to break through the sword net.
However, this small change was nothing to Luo Zheng …
In his eyes, the myriad of changes were nothing but a smokescreen. No matter how many changes there were, they were still the same.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, and lightly waved his hand, thrusting out four times in a row!
"Ding ding ding ding!"
Following four crisp sounds, the sword net that Xia Yun had carefully arranged completely collapsed.
All of the black sword lights disappeared completely, and the black sword in Xia Yun's hand trembled unceasingly.
Xia Yun's heart sank. This guy had seen through all of her moves.
Her all-out attack was like child's play in front of Luo Zheng!
"Your sword moves are useless against me," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng stood in place, and didn't take a single step forward.
On the other hand, Xia Yun's continuous attacks were easily neutralized by him. Anyone could see the disparity between them.
Xia Yun pursed her lips.
She wasn't a woman who gave up so easily. Even if she knew that she was no match for him, she would still fight with all her might.
She lowered her body, and held the black sword horizontally. Her eyes flashed with an ethereal intent. After a moment of preparation, she suddenly swung the black sword.
"Huhuhuhu …"
The black sword turned into a long whip, and like a tornado, it crazily spun around her several times.
As the sword light spiraled, an extremely sharp black light separated from it, and shot straight at Luo Zheng!
"This sword move is not bad." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Seeing this sword move, Mao Xue and Cheng Wei couldn't help but gasp.
They originally thought that Xia Yun had used all her strength to defeat them. They didn't expect that she still had such a killer move hidden!
"Luo Zheng, be careful. You can't take this move head-on!" Cheng Wei's eyes revealed a touch of worry.
"Not necessarily … I don't think Luo Zheng is serious at all," Mao Xue said.
Seeing the black sword light heading straight for Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and his green sword actually pointed at the black sword light!
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Zi Yu, Diao Yuan, and the other elders' faces suddenly tightened.
The others were also stunned. Was this kid courting death?
Xia Yun's eyes flashed with a touch of astonishment. She knew that Luo Zheng could take this sword move, but Luo Zheng's current action was no different from suicide!
However, the moment Luo Zheng's long sword touched the black sword light, Luo Zheng's arm suddenly twisted.
The long sword's body twisted slightly, and the black sword light seemed to be caught in a whirlpool, circling around Luo Zheng's long sword.
At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled the long sword, and Xia Yun felt a huge force coming from her hand.
Xia Yun didn't have time to throw away the black sword, and her whole body involuntarily collided with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had already placed the long sword horizontally in front of his chest. If she collided with Luo Zheng's long sword like this, she would be cut in two!
"Yun 'er!"
In the distance, Xia Feng roared, his eyes full of despair.
Xia Yun looked at the sword edge that was getting closer and closer, and her face was deathly pale. She only knew that she was going to die.
But just as she was about to reach the edge of the sword, Luo Zheng's other hand gently pushed out. With a "bang", it blocked Xia Yun's shoulder and stopped her from coming any closer.
At the same time, he raised the emerald green long sword and placed it in front of Xia Yun's neck.

Chapter 2179
Xia Yun stared blankly at Luo Zheng in front of her.
In her mind, Tan Xuan had killed Shang Long, so it was only natural that Luo Zheng would kill her.
She didn't expect him to hold back at the last moment.
"I admit defeat," Xia Yun said.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. As he released his grip, he also withdrew his sword.
In the distance, Xia Feng saw that Luo Zheng had spared his sister's life and heaved a long sigh of relief. His expression relaxed.
Then, both sides dissolved the power of the Rage God and returned to their clans.
"Awesome, Luo Zheng. How did you break her sword net?" Cheng Wei's face was full of excitement as she gave him a hug.
The other Chiyou clansmen's gloominess was also swept away.
In the previous four battles, the Chiyou clan had been too aggrieved. Other than Cheng Wei who had won one battle, they had all lost. Moreover, one of their clansmen had died. It was a crushing defeat!
If Luo Zheng also lost, news of this spread, many of the clans that relied on the Chiyou clan would become disloyal.
"With Brother Luo Zheng's strength, he should be able to sweep through the Xuanyuan clan." Mao Xue's big eyes curved into crescents.
Purple Jade smiled faintly. "There are still two more battles. Don't let your guard down, especially that Xian Ze."
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded.
In the seventh battle, Luo Zheng won. The Chiyou clan's morale soared.
On the Xuanyuan clan's side, the atmosphere became solemn.
They didn't care about losing this battle. The key was that Luo Zheng's strength made them wary.
Xia Yun's all-out attack was easily broken by Luo Zheng.
More importantly, from beginning to end, Luo Zheng hadn't moved a single step.
This showed that Luo Zheng's strength was on a completely different level from Xia Yun's …
"Hehehehe, that kid is so strong. Xia Feng definitely can't defeat him. Now, it's my turn, right?" Xian Ze sat on the ground and said in a strange tone.
The happiest person in the Xuanyuan clan was probably Xian Ze.
If not for Luo Zheng's sudden appearance, he would have been lying on the ground for the rest of the day.
From this perspective, Xianze found Luo Zheng pleasing to the eye!
"Xia Feng!" Ji Zhuo glared at Xian Ze and yelled, "Xia Feng!" Ji Zhuo was a bit annoyed at the moment.
"First Elder, Xia Feng is here!"
Xia Feng was comforting his sister. Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, he immediately responded.
"You fight this one." Ji Mo ordered.
"Yes." Xia Feng nodded.
Xian Ze indifferently glanced at the First Elder, then indifferently glanced at Xia Feng. A trace of disdain appeared at the corner of his mouth as he muttered, "In the end, I still have to go up. Letting him go up is really a waste of time …"
"I might disappoint you," Xia Feng sneered and retorted.
Xian Ze licked his lips and responded with a cold smile. This time, he didn't say anything.
Above the wasteland, Xia Feng had already transformed into a giant that was over three thousand meters tall. In his hand was a large saber that was over twenty meters long.
When Luo Zheng appeared in front of him, Xia Feng gently pressed the hilt of the saber and inserted it into the ground. Then, he cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Thank you for sparing my sister's life!"
Seeing Xia Feng's action, Luo Zheng was a little surprised. "This battle is only to determine the winner. There's no need to risk your life. It's normal that I didn't kill her. You don't need to thank me."
Xia Feng nodded and once again grasped the hilt of the saber. At the same time, he slowly said, "But even if we have to determine the winner, I will still go all out!"
"Of course," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Whoa …"
The moment Xia Feng pulled out the large saber, his entire aura underwent a shocking change.
The Xuanyuan Barren Body emitted strands of golden light that constantly coiled around his body. His large saber also contained a tyrannical aura.
The brother and sister's methods were completely opposite …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng gently raised his arm. The green long saber circled around his arm and then pointed at Xia Feng.
"Bang!"
Xia Feng lightly stepped on the ground and a powerful force burst out.
The ground under his feet swelled up and emitted an explosive sound. With the help of this explosive force, Xia Feng rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Compared to his sister Xia Yun, Xia Feng's sense of space was slightly weaker. But when it came to the use of the power of the Rage God, he had the absolute upper hand!
"Very soon," Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
Facing Xia Feng's frontal attack, Luo Zheng held the long saber horizontally with his right hand and grasped the tip of the saber with his left hand.
"Clang!"
Xia Feng's tyrannical saber slashed the long saber head-on.
"Rumble …"
A huge force was transmitted from the long saber.
Under the push of this huge force, Luo Zheng's feet dug out two trenches that were tens of meters wide and tens of thousands of meters long.
After Xia Feng slashed out with his saber, he did not stop at all. His huge foot suddenly stomped on the ground, and like a huge wild ancient beast, he leaped up. His saber cut through the sky, forming a huge bright silver saber light.
"Earth Shattering Slash!"
The power that Xia Feng unleashed in an instant was very eye-catching.
Some of the Rage Gods who were watching the battle from afar were even shocked by this power!
"Xia Feng is still as violent as ever …"
"He doesn't just have power!"
"Although that kid from the Xuanyuan Clan defeated Xia Yun, I'm afraid that he can't defeat Xia Feng."
Even if Luo Zheng defeated Xia Yun, these outsiders still thought that it was a fluke.
"What a powerful force …"
Luo Zheng looked at Xia Feng who was in the sky calmly. The power in his body began to surge.
Up until now, he had yet to test the limits of his power …
The power of the Rage Gods was far greater than that of the True Gods.
In the Divine Dominion, pure power was not very useful. All the True Gods relied on the 3,000 Divine Paths that Chi You had set up in the Divine Dominion.
The use of the origin of power was secondary.
Now, Luo Zheng analyzed from the words of the Exile. Even in the Chaos, in the Mother World, the Rage Gods were not the mainstream.
The Nirvana Realm powerhouses in the Mother World all used the cultivation methods of the Great World.
Because cultivating the Rage God was impossible to surpass the Nirvana Realm.
Now, Luo Zheng had already cultivated to the middle level of the Rage God. His body was immersed in a sea of Rage God's power. Other than that, he could also use the origin of power of the Nine Stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier!
With the two complementing each other, the power that could be unleashed in an instant would be very terrifying!
"Luo Zheng, quickly dodge this slash!"
"If you don't run now, it'll be too late!"
"Don't take it head-on!"
The Chi You Clansmen were a little anxious.
Facing this slash that could split heaven and earth, Luo Zheng should dodge it and then slowly counterattack. However, Luo Zheng actually stood still on the spot.
"Let's try …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He turned his body slightly, from bottom to top, like a crouching tiger.
At the same time, the Rage God's power all over his body exploded!
"Xiu —"
The emerald green sword slashed across the sky, letting out a sharp whistling sound.

Chapter 2180
Xia Feng plummeted from the sky, and his blade contained an unparalleled power.
He found that Luo Zheng intended to meet force with force. His eyes flashed with a strange light, but soon a sneer appeared at the corner of his mouth!
If that's the case, you'll lose for sure!
Luo Zheng defeated Xia Yun effortlessly. Naturally, Xia Feng had some fear in his heart.
In fact, Xia Yun's ability to control space on a large scale was very powerful. Even after being reduced to thousands of feet, she could still control it to the smallest detail.
This ability was very effective in restraining Xia Feng's aggressive attacks.
If Luo Zheng was like Xia Yun, avoiding direct confrontation and trapping him bit by bit, it was very likely that Xia Feng would lose to Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng wanted to wrestle with him, what did Xia Feng have to fear?
After a short while …
That chop, which contained the power of hundreds of millions of catties, was already heading straight for Luo Zheng's long sword.
The blade and the sword clashed.
The two forces converged at a point.
This guy's strength …
When Xia Feng's sword came down, his face revealed a trace of disbelief.
The power contained in that unremarkable green long sword was not the slightest bit weaker than his!
"Clang!"
The sound of the explosion spread rapidly to the surroundings. The originally flat wasteland was suddenly lifted up layer by layer. The bones integrated into the wasteland were also shot out in all directions like sharp arrows.
After Luo Zheng made this chop, he retreated seven or eight steps in a row, leaving seven or eight huge footprints on the ground before he stopped.
Xia Feng, who was originally in midair, was directly sent flying tens of thousands of feet away. He somersaulted in the air and landed on the ground. He still retreated more than ten steps before he could stabilize himself.
In a contest of strength, it was very clear who was stronger and who was weaker.
Many people knew that Xia Feng's strength was tyrannical, and the blade skills he used were even more domineering and fierce.
They thought that Luo Zheng would be cut in half along with his sword if he faced Xia Feng's blade head-on. However, the scene they saw now was completely different from what they had imagined …
"No way, he forced Xia Feng to retreat in a direct confrontation?"
"This guy's control of sword skills almost completely oppressed Xia Yun, and his strength is not inferior to Xia Feng's?"
"That's insane …"
The Aragami who were watching from afar were dumbfounded.
This was especially true for the sects and forces that followed the Xuanyuan Clan. They originally thought that the Xuanyuan Clan would definitely take the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. Now, this young man from the Chiyou Clan had suddenly appeared and added a variable to the final result. One could imagine how they felt.
"Haha, the Chiyou Clan is indeed mighty!"
"This young man will definitely bring glory to the Chiyou clan in the future!"
"I still don't know his name …"
On the other hand, the Aragami who followed the Chiyou Clan were grinning from ear to ear.
Seeing the disciples of the Chiyou Clan being defeated by the Xuanyuan Clan, they felt aggrieved.
Originally, they had lost all hope in their hearts. They were all thinking about where to go after leaving Flying Sickle City. However, Luo Zheng's performance had reignited the hope in their hearts.
"Very good! I didn't expect you to be so strong! Again! "
There seemed to be two balls of fire burning in Xia Feng's eyes. The fighting spirit in his heart was completely ignited!
An even greater power erupted from his body.
"Dong, dong, dong, dong …"
Then, Xia Feng took a step forward and ran toward Luo Zheng on the wasteland.
This time, Xia Feng activated the power of the Aragami even more thoroughly. His Xuanyuan Desolate Body exploded with a brilliant golden light like a walking sun. It was so dazzling that no one could look directly at it.
The broadsword dragged on the ground, leaving a deep mark on the wasteland.
"Whoosh …"
"Sky Slash!"
The sharp blade came from the bottom to the top, pouring down on Luo Zheng.
Facing Xia Feng's second slash, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a hint of caution.
This slash was indeed more powerful than the first one …
However, Luo Zheng still did not plan to retreat.
With a slight thought, the nine stars in his body began to revolve.
This time, he planned to use the power of the Aragami and the Origin of Strength at the same time!
The power of the Aragami relied on the physical body, while the Origin of Strength relied on the world in his body. With the two different powers operating at the same time, Luo Zheng's body emitted an indescribable aura.
Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, Qi Chang and the other elders who were far away had a slight change in expression.
In the past three months of training, they were very satisfied with Luo Zheng's progress. After all, his performance was not inferior to any of the geniuses in the Chiyou Clan.
With enough desolate bones, coupled with Luo Zheng's talent, his progress could be described as godly.
However, the sudden burst of power from Luo Zheng's body still made them feel strange.
The aura of that power was too strong.
It was impossible for a middle-level Aragami to perform that unless Luo Zheng went through the Body Calamity again and became an upper-level Aragami, it would be possible.
However, such an unreasonable scene appeared in front of them.
It appeared in front of Xia Feng …
In fact, the moment Luo Zheng unleashed that power, Xia Feng knew that he had lost.
It was impossible for him to defeat such a powerful monster.
Luo Zheng's power was no longer on the same level as his!
Xia Feng was the same as his sister. He was a person with principles.
Even if he lost, he would lose with principles.
Once he unleashed that slash, he would not stop.
"Boom …"
Violent roars spread out in all directions, covering the sky and covering the earth.
The moment the two of them clashed, the sand and dust on the ground were rolled up to a height of ten thousand feet.
Even if the two of them were ten thousand feet tall, they were still covered by the dust …
"Whoosh!"
At the same time when the dust was rolling up, a huge figure was shuttling back and forth in the dust.
Soon, the figure passed through the dust and landed heavily on the ground, spitting out a big mouthful of blood.
That person was Xia Feng.
In the second contest of strength, he lost without any suspense.
And this time, he was defeated even more thoroughly!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
At the same time, a seven to eight thousand feet long broadsword spun out from the dust at a high speed. With a "swoosh", it stabbed into the ground beside Xia Feng.
After losing the power of the Aragami, the broadsword quickly shrunk and became a few feet long after it was stabbed into the ground …
Everyone's eyes stayed on Xia Feng for a while, then they shifted their attention to the rolling dust again.
When the dust cleared, Luo Zheng's figure quietly appeared.
Half of his body was standing in a big pit. He was still holding the emerald green longsword, looking at Xia Feng in the distance with a calm face.
Xia Feng slowly got up from the ground. His expression was extremely complicated.
If Luo Zheng had defeated him by trickery, he could still feel a little comforted.
But Luo Zheng chose to confront him head-on and defeated him at the same time. How could he endure this?
However, he was a person who could take things and let them go. After being depressed for a while, he felt relieved. After all, there were people who were better than him in all aspects in this world. He had to admit that Luo Zheng was such a person.

Chapter 2181
The head of the Xuan Yuan Clan, Ji Zhuo, also looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
If Xia Feng lost, they would only have Xian Ze left.
Although Ji Zhuo was very confident in Xian Ze, what if Xian Ze also lost?
One had to know that the Chi You Clan was determined to obtain the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. If they lost the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, Ji Zhuo couldn't bear the consequences.
Xia Feng slowly walked back …
At this time, Xian Ze's sarcastic voice floated over again.
"I already said that sending you would only be a waste of time, hehe …"
Before, Xian Ze was very impatient to go on stage, but now he wasn't impatient at all, looking as steady as Mount Tai.
Xia Feng walked in front of Xian Ze and stared at him intently.
Seeing her brother like this, Xia Yun was afraid that he would attack Xian Ze in anger, so she hurried over and said, "Brother, don't argue with him!"
Xia Feng shook his head calmly and said to Xian Ze, "You may not be his match."
Xian Ze curled his lips and raised his eyebrows, saying lazily, "Don't use your thoughts to replace mine. I'm not trash like you."
"Luo Zheng still hasn't used his full strength," Xia Feng warned. "Don't forget, as a member of the Chi You Clan, he still hasn't used the Chi You Desolate Body!"
Luo Zheng hadn't used his Chi You Desolate Body in two consecutive battles.
This meant that he had completely preserved his true strength.
Even when facing Xia Feng, Luo Zheng only used the power source of the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier!
After all, one of Luo Zheng's true goals was to temper his Desolate God Body.
Hearing Xia Feng's words, Xian Ze was instantly displeased.
He was originally a transformative person. Although Xia Feng warned him so that he wouldn't let his guard down, the arrogant Xian Ze's words were so grating to his ears.
"Hehehe, that guy is so strong. I, Xian Ze, am so scared. I think we should avoid this battle. Our Xuan Yuan Clan concedes!" Xian Ze suddenly changed his tone and chuckled.
"You!" Xia Feng's expression instantly darkened.
Hearing such strange words, the elders of the Xuanyuan Clan immediately revealed helpless expressions.
This Xian Ze was extremely scoundrel, and extremely vengeful.
Earlier, he had asked Ji Zhuo to join the battle, but Ji Zhuo hadn't agreed. Now, it was his turn to join the battle. Naturally, he wouldn't agree so easily.
Ji Zhuo knitted his eyebrows, walked up to Xian Ze and said in a bland tone, "Xian Ze, it's your turn now."
Xian Ze narrowed his eyes slightly, as if he hadn't heard anything.
"Xian Ze, the Great Elder is talking to you!" Xia Feng said from the side.
But Xian Ze still didn't move.
Facing this kind of guy, even though Ji Zhuo was the Master Elder, he couldn't say anything too harsh. Therefore, he helplessly comforted Ji Hao, "Chi You Family's power is no less than ours. The reason why I didn't send you to the field at the beginning was to prevent this kind of situation from happening. You see, this guy called Luo Zheng came out of nowhere. They left Luo Zheng as the last one, so I have no reason not to leave you as the last one! "
"However, that kid's power is still beyond my expectation. If you fight him, I'm afraid you still won't be able to defeat him. Xian Ze, if you really don't want to, I won't force you." While talking, Ji Zhuo quietly observed Xian Ze's facial expression.
The reason why Xian Ze didn't want to fight now was because of the conflict they had earlier.
However, he was absolutely unwilling to let go of an opponent like Luo Zheng.
Xian Ze didn't care whether the bone tower in South Heaven belonged to the Xuan Yuan Family or not. The key was that he couldn't let go of such an opponent!
Therefore, when Ji Zhuo said this, Xian Ze was a little anxious.
However, Xian Ze didn't believe that the Master Elder would give up just like that. He narrowed his eyes and quietly observed the Master Elder.
Ji Zhuo sighed, turned around and was about to admit defeat to the Chi You Family.
But before he said anything, Xian Ze hurriedly stopped him and said, "Wait, Master Elder, I'll fight him now!"
Ji Zhuo smiled faintly. Although Xian Ze was hard to deal with, he was still a little naive. Ji Zhuo was just pretending to scare Xian Ze, but Xian Ze just couldn't stay calm...
However, one's power had nothing to do with one's personality.
Xian Ze had a frivolous personality, but both his talent and bloodline were top-notch in the Chi You Family.
More importantly, not only was Xian Ze extremely talented in cultivating the Desolate God, he was also quite accomplished in cultivating the True Divinity!
Ji Zhuo and the other Master Elders had a close relationship with the exiles. They naturally knew that the mainstream of the entire Chaos Space was cultivating the True Divinity, which was the cultivation method of the great world.
However, this great world wasn't suitable for cultivating the True Divinity, so very few people opened up their inner worlds.
As time passed, most people neglected cultivating the True Divinity, and the number of people who cultivated it was also very small...
However, the exiles of the Xuan Yuan Family recognized Xian Ze's talent. Not only did they train him to cultivate the Desolate God, they also spent a lot of effort to help him open up his inner worlds and become a True Divinity!
Xian Ze didn't disappoint them, and he didn't neglect either of them.
Because he was favored by the exiles, not only did this kid not put the Master Elders in his eyes, but he also didn't even care about the Master Elders.
"You're really willing to fight?" Ji Zhuo pretended to be surprised and asked.
"I'm willing, of course I'm willing! I want to win that bone pagoda for my Xuan Yuan Family! " Xian Ze pointed in the distance, but he found that the direction he was pointing at was empty. He looked around, then pointed in the direction of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
Seeing Xian Ze like this, Ji Zhuo couldn't help but roll his eyes.
If this kid cared about the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, why would he mess around with him?
However, Ji Zhuo still patted Xian Ze's shoulder with a 'touched' expression. "I'll leave the heavy responsibility to you. That Luo Zheng's strength is not to be underestimated. You have to be careful!"
… …
… …
The tenth battle, Luo Zheng against Xian Ze.
In the beginning, the Xuan Yuan Family displayed an extremely strong suppressive force, showing a one-sided advantage.
No one expected that Luo Zheng would win two battles in a row, and in the end, draw out the Xuan Yuan Family's Xian Ze.
Compared to Luo Zheng's unknown name, Xian Ze's name was definitely much more famous!
Before Xian Ze appeared, Xia Feng and Xia Yun were the two peerless geniuses of the Xuan Yuan Family. In the Eternal Wasteland, many people trembled in fear when they heard of this pair of siblings!
However, after Xian Ze rose to prominence, he forcibly suppressed Xia Feng and Xia Yun's names and became the focus of attention. One could imagine how much attention he received.
"Xian Ze finally appeared..."
"Now that Xian Ze is fighting, he should be able to finish off that Chi You youth, right?"
"..."
At this time, Xian Ze had already transformed into a three thousand zhang tall giant.
His eyes looked as if he hadn't woken up yet, and he was sizing up Luo Zheng with an unconcerned expression.
"Thank you very much," Xian Ze laughed.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He had seen this Xian Ze once in the Chi You Clan. He had a strange temperament, so he didn't know where the word 'thank you' came from. Luo Zheng asked, "For what?"

Chapter 2182
Hearing Xian Ze's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel a trace of disgust.
This guy was a member of the Xuanyuan Clan, but he had always hoped that his clansmen would lose so that he could go on stage.
Luo Zheng felt disdain in his heart, but he replied indifferently, "Are you sure you can beat me?"
Xian Ze blinked, and a trace of evil aura escaped from his handsome face. He laughed mischievously, "I'm not sure I can beat you, but I will definitely beat you."
"If you're so confident, then there's no point in talking. Let's fight," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Seeing Luo Zheng's calm demeanor, Xian Ze was slightly displeased.
In his opinion, Luo Zheng should at least appear nervous, or as if he was about to face a great enemy. But now, it seemed that this guy didn't think much of him.
"Since that's the case, then I'll let you know why I'm so confident," Xian Ze said, then took a step back and spread out his hands.
"Weng …"
Two black daggers appeared in his hands.
The material of his daggers was exactly the same as Xia Yun's thin black sword. The edges of the daggers exuded a sharp aura.
As soon as the two daggers appeared, Xian Ze's originally frivolous face suddenly became extremely serious.
It was as if he had become a different person in an instant.
"Whoosh!"
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
Xian Ze suddenly took a strange step and dashed forward at an extremely fast speed.
His speed was so fast that it seemed like he was a blur.
It was indeed amazing for a thousand-zhang-tall monster to be able to reach such a speed.
A trace of vigilance appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes. He took two steps back, holding his emerald green sword in front of him, and released a trace of divine sense.
Xian Ze's speed was indeed fast, but he couldn't escape from Luo Zheng's divine sense.
No matter where this guy was, Luo Zheng would always be able to detect him.
"Whoosh!"
When Xian Ze circled around Luo Zheng dozens of times, he suddenly jumped up and charged from behind Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have eyes on the back of his head. His body tilted slightly, and the sword in his hand flicked behind him.
"Ding ding!"
Two crisp sounds were heard.
After being forced back by Luo Zheng's sword, Xian Ze laughed wildly and said, "Not bad reaction! I really hope you can react this quickly every time! "
"Child's play," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
On the surface, Xian Ze appeared nonchalant, but in his heart, he was a little surprised.
This Luo Zheng's reaction speed was far beyond his imagination. This guy was different from all the opponents he had encountered before.
"You think you're above the heavens just because I praise you? Or do you think that's all my speed is?" Xian Ze sneered. "Then, I'll show you what true speed is!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a strong aura of True Essence spread out from Xian Ze's body.
"Upper True God?"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Ever since he arrived in this world, most of the people he came into contact with were Aragami.
Even Grand Elder Zi Yu, who had opened up her inner world, was mainly a support type.
According to the old man, this world was not very suitable for True God cultivation. Therefore, even the exiles did not ask their people to cultivate True God cultivation.
Luo Zheng did not expect Xian Ze to become an Upper True God, which indeed surprised him.
"Huff huff …"
This time, Xian Ze took a small step forward, and his huge body disappeared in an instant before Luo Zheng's eyes.
Even when Luo Zheng used his Divine Sense to lock onto him, he could not find him!
"What kind of technique is this?"
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
At the same time, a strong sense of danger rose in his heart.
Almost like a conditioned reflex, Luo Zheng suddenly shrank his head down!
"Zeng —"
The sound of metal clashing could be heard.
That was the sound of the two blades in Xian Ze's hands crisscrossing!
Xian Ze's attack did not hit, and he drifted away with a series of shrill laughter. "Hahaha, your luck is not bad! Although you were lucky enough to avoid the first time, I wonder if there will be a second time? "
"Huff huff …"
As he fluttered in the air, Xian Ze's towering figure actually disappeared once more.
At this time, Luo Zheng's expression was very unsightly.
Just now, he had indeed avoided Xian Ze's attack by luck.
If his reaction was just a bit slower, his head would have been separated from his body by now.
The key point was that Luo Zheng could not see what method Xian Ze used to make that huge body disappear completely …
There were 3,000 Divine Daos in the Divine Realm, and all True Gods groped and cultivated in these 3,000 Divine Daos. The 3,000 Divine Daos were the foundation of True God cultivation.
But these 3,000 Divine Daos were created by Chi You, and were also prepared by him for his people.
The Divine Dao inheritances in the Origin World were definitely not limited to these 3,000 Divine Daos.
Luo Zheng did not know what Divine Dao Xian Ze cultivated …
But even so, it did not mean that Luo Zheng was truly helpless!
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, and waves of warmth spread out from his dantian. At the same time, waves of white smoke surrounded Luo Zheng like clouds.
Seeing this, both the Chi You and Xuanyuan Clan members were puzzled.
Nearly a third of these clansmen had opened up their inner worlds, but they did not cultivate deeply. Naturally, they could not see the True Meaning of Dao that Luo Zheng was emitting.
Just as Luo Zheng used this movement technique, he suddenly felt a wave behind him.
"Swish!"
The two sharp daggers appeared again in a strange way, silently slashing towards Luo Zheng's neck.
Although Luo Zheng's body was huge, under the influence of the True Meaning of Dao, Eight Twists Flying Smoke's reaction was abnormally nimble.
Luo Zheng's consciousness had yet to react, but his body had already involuntarily floated backwards.
He avoided Xian Ze's slash by a hair's breadth.
This time, Xian Ze did not let out a series of arrogant laughter.
Facing Luo Zheng, Xian Ze also felt a trace of strangeness. After pulling away from Luo Zheng, his pair of slightly evil eyes stared straight at Luo Zheng.
"Not going to continue?" Luo Zheng asked calmly.
"You … have also cultivated the True Meaning of Dao?" Xian Ze could not help but ask.
His master had once told Xian Ze that there were very few True Gods who could comprehend the True Meaning of Dao.
And people with Xian Ze's level of comprehension, who could quickly comprehend the True Meaning of Dao in a short period of time, were even rarer.
In time, Xian Ze would definitely step into the Nirvana Realm …
This was also the reason why Xian Ze was so arrogant.
He knew that he was different from these Aragami. When these Aragami cultivated to the top, they would only be on par with the Grand Elder.
And he, Xian Ze, would have the opportunity to be on equal footing with those powerful exiles.
This was the strength that Xian Ze pursued!
Originally, Xian Ze thought that he was the only one who had comprehended the True Meaning of Dao.
In fact, in all these years, other than the exiles, the only person in this world who had cultivated the True Divinity Realm and comprehended the True Intent of the Dao was indeed Xian Ze! This was also the reason why the exiles valued Xian Ze.

Chapter 2183
Xian Ze could instantly comprehend the True Meaning of Nature, but it wasn't because he truly understood the True Meaning of Nature.
There were two exiles in the Xuan Yuan Family who both cultivated the True Meaning of Nature, so Xian Ze naturally had a deep impression of them!
Thus, when he observed them just now, he felt the same aura …
However, Xian Ze wasn't too sure, so he asked Luo Zheng carefully.
"Is it very strange?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng's answer was a confirmation.
Xian Ze's eyes flashed, and the way he looked at Luo Zheng changed again.
He originally thought that Luo Zheng was just a talented Rage God …
No matter how powerful he was, there was an insurmountable gap between them.
Now, in Xian Ze's heart, he already saw Luo Zheng as the same kind of person.
"You really surprised me. No wonder you could defeat Xia Yun and Xia Feng so easily," Xian Ze said.
Xian Ze never thought that there would be someone like him who could cultivate the True Meaning of Dao in this world.
"However, if you want to win against me, you're still far from enough …" he said.
"Weng …"
Xian Ze's Xuan Yuan Desolate Physique released a dazzling golden light.
Other than the power of the Rage God, there was another unique aura being emitted …
"This aura … is also a type of True Meaning of Dao." Luo Zheng felt that unique aura, and his eyes narrowed slightly.
According to what Luo Zheng knew, the True Meaning of Dao was One Thought Good and Evil, the True Meaning of Chaos, the True Meaning of Nature, the True Meaning of Sword Fate, and the True Meaning of Destruction!
Among them, Luo Zheng had comprehended the True Meaning of Good and Evil from Elder Yuan. Although he wasn't able to completely comprehend it, he was close. Apart from that, he had also comprehended 99% of the True Meaning of Nature …
In the Divine Realm, there was a 《Incomplete Explanation of the Twelve True Meanings》, which meant that there were twelve True Meanings of Dao in the Divine Realm.
As for how many True Meanings of Dao there were in the chaos of the Divine Realm, Luo Zheng didn't know.
Every True Meaning of Dao was a path to the other side, and it was condensed from the blood and sweat of countless people.
This was the continuation of the Great World Cultivation Method. It was also a method to cultivate to the True God Realm and reach the Nirvana Realm.
The True Intent of the Dao emitted by the Immortal Marsh had a trace of the charm of the Space Divine Dao. While Luo Zheng was guessing in his heart, he didn't expect the Immortal Marsh to actually say it out loud …
"The mantra that Master passed down to me is the True Meaning of Void and Disillusionment." Xian Ze's right hand held a sharp dagger as he pointed it at Luo Zheng. "Master strictly forbade me from using these methods against my enemies, so I have never used them in front of others. Furthermore, I have no use for them …"
Xian Ze's words had a deeper meaning to them.
In the distance, Xia Yun and Xia Feng's expressions changed several times.
After Xia Feng lost to Xian Ze, Xian Ze became the most popular figure in the Xuan Yuan Clan.
However, Xia Feng was still somewhat unconvinced. After all, Xian Ze had only won by a narrow margin. The gap between them was very small.
Since then, Xia Feng had also cultivated extremely diligently, striving to defeat Xian Ze one day in the future …
Now that Xian Ze had said this, Xia Feng finally understood that this guy hadn't used his true strength at all!
"However, you are different." Xian Ze smiled seriously. "I believe Master won't blame me, right?"
As soon as he finished speaking, Xian Ze's figure flashed again, disappearing in front of everyone.
It wasn't just Luo Zheng who couldn't find Xian Ze …
Even powerful Aragami like Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and Ji Zhuo of the Xuan Yuan Clan couldn't find this kid's figure.
"The True Meaning of Void and Disillusionment … Using this True Meaning, one can hide in the chaotic space?"
Luo Zheng stared at the empty space in front of him as he thought to himself.
He was no stranger to the Space Divine Dao. The Space Divine Dao also existed in his Infinity Ruler.
However, the Space Divine Dao belonged to the Universal Law, while the Space Divine Dao belonged to the Space Divine Dao of the Divine Realm.
Then, the True Meaning of Void and Disillusionment belonged to the Space Divine Dao of the Chaos?
"Whoosh!"
In the next instant, Xian Ze appeared beside Luo Zheng and slashed his dagger at him again.
Luo Zheng relied on his Eight Twists Flying Smoke, which was infused with the Dao of Nature, to dodge this attack as if it was natural.
However, this time, Xian Ze came prepared.
The instant he slashed out with his dagger, spiderweb-like cracks appeared on the surface of the dagger. These cracks spread throughout the space, and then, with a loud bang, it shattered!
"Crash!"
The shattered space quickly collapsed, forming an absolute void.
This void emitted an invisible force, which attracted everything in the surroundings to it. This kind of attraction was almost irresistible.
Luo Zheng had already dodged, but now, he was being pulled back involuntarily!
"Let's see how you escape this time!" Xian Ze smiled, and the dagger in his right hand stabbed at Luo Zheng.
Seeing this stab, Luo Zheng had no space to dodge. He snorted coldly, and suddenly twisted the longsword in his hand, stabbing at Xian Ze head-on.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
Xian Ze's dagger was pressed against Luo Zheng's longsword. At close range, the two's weapons constantly clashed.
Even with such large figures, they could still fight in a small area with dazzling speed.
Whether it was the Xuanyuan Clan or the Chiyou Clan, they were all dazzled. They could no longer tell who had the upper hand. They only knew that in a battle of this level, the slightest carelessness would determine the winner and loser, or even life and death.
"Luo Zheng hasn't used his Soul Strength." Cheng Wei quietly watched this scene.
"It seems that Luo Zheng hasn't used his full strength. He also wants to use this opportunity to temper himself," Mao Xue said with a complicated expression.
They were called geniuses in the Chiyou Clan and were respected by countless people. They were also doted on by the clan.
However, compared to Luo Zheng and Xian Ze, they were not even worth mentioning!
"There's something wrong with Xian Ze's dagger …" Purple Jade's gaze was fixed on the flying dagger, and a trace of worry appeared on its face.
Luo Zheng naturally noticed Purple Jade's problem.
When his longsword and the dagger collided, a faint white light would be left behind. After this white light appeared, it would quickly converge at the center of his dagger, forming a bright white ball of light.
Under the intense collision between the dagger and sword, the white ball of light on the black dagger became more and more eye-catching.
At the same time, Xian Ze's smile became more and more pleased, as if Luo Zheng was walking into his trap step by step …
"Turn into nothingness!"
When the ball of light became so bright that it was impossible to look directly at it, Xian Ze smiled malevolently and raised both daggers.
At that moment, it was as if two suns had risen.

Chapter 2184
When Xian Ze saw Luo Zheng retreating, the smile on his face grew wider.
The stronger the opponent, the more excited Xian Ze was.
Especially when Xian Ze knew that Luo Zheng had also comprehended the True Meaning of Dao, he was determined to trample this guy under his feet.
To Xian Ze, only by trampling on a true genius would he feel a sense of accomplishment. Xia Yun, Xia Feng, Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, and the others from the Chiyou race were clearly not worthy of the title of genius in his eyes.
"Wu!"
As the two sharp blades in Xian Ze's hands converged, the two balls of light merged into one.
His two sharp blades looked the same as Xia Yun's thin black sword, but in reality, they were worlds apart.
Xian Ze's master was an expert in refining tools, so he had tailored a Desolate Weapon for Xian Ze. Moreover, the two Desolate Weapons were made by imitating the famous Dual Stream Blades from the Mother World!
These two imitations of the Dual Stream Blades had opened up a void.
Only when he used the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment could he activate it.
Just now, when Xian Ze and Luo Zheng were crazily attacking each other, the powerful force did not disperse, but was continuously trapped in the void by the two sharp blades.
Now, it was being released by Xian Ze!
The surging force was mixed with the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment, forming a pure ball of energy. The energy within was extremely unstable, so it was also extremely destructive.
Even Xian Ze himself had to control it carefully!
"Whoosh!"
The blazing ball of energy smashed down towards Luo Zheng.
"This time, let's see how you handle it!"
In Xian Ze's opinion, although Luo Zheng had displayed the Dao of Nature, it was only mixed in with his movement technique. It was only a very shallow use of it!
However, what Xian Ze did not know was that in the Dao of Aragami, Luo Zheng might not be as good as him. After all, he had only cultivated the Aragami for a short period of time. Although the Chiyou race had crazily nurtured Luo Zheng, his foundation was still somewhat unstable …
However, in terms of the Dao of True Gods, Xian Ze's understanding was not at the same level as Luo Zheng's.
In fact, Luo Zheng had many ways to counter this move …
For example, he could directly use the Origin of Power to detonate this extremely unstable ball of energy.
However, even as the sphere of light shot toward Luo Zheng, an idea suddenly occurred to him, and he backed up. At the same time, the godhood in his inner world began to glow.
At the same time, the Quintessence Fragment inscribed with the Li Water Divine Dao emanated a dense Divine Dao!
"Divine Li Water Mirror!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and streams of Taoist Connotation of the Li Water Divine Dao quickly gathered in his hand, turning into a pale blue mirror.
The mirror was placed in front of him.
When Xian Ze saw the mirror in front of Luo Zheng, he was taken aback for a moment, then he grinned evilly.
He didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do, but it was naive and ridiculous to think that he could block his attack with a mirror.
People always had to pay for their own naivety, and the price was their own life. It seemed too easy for him to kill the genius of the Chiyou Clan just like that …
Xian Ze thought to himself as he watched the energy ball crash into the mirror.
At this moment, the Chiyou Clan members were all extremely nervous. Mao Xue clenched her fists so tightly that her fingernails dug deep into her palms.
Similarly, they couldn't understand Luo Zheng's moves …
Although they all believed in Luo Zheng's strength, and Luo Zheng must have his reasons for doing this, they couldn't help but worry when they saw Luo Zheng playing with fire like this.
Even Purple Jade's breathing became rapid at this moment.
"Die!"
Xian Ze spat out a single word.
However, the scene he had imagined didn't happen.
When the energy ball came into contact with the Divine Li Water Mirror, it suddenly rebounded toward Xian Ze!
Moreover, the energy ball's momentum was even more ferocious and faster than before!
What was this …
Xian Ze stared at the energy ball in disbelief.
In the blink of an eye, the energy ball was already very close to him. Xian Ze had no choice but to grit his teeth, and his huge body suddenly flashed, hiding in the void.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
An invisible force shot out from behind the energy ball.
This energy ball was originally very unstable. After being pierced through by Luo Zheng's power origin, it instantly exploded!
Rumble!
A violent wave of energy spread wildly in all directions.
At the same time, the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment contained within the energy ball also continuously tore apart the surrounding space.
Seeing the power of the energy ball, even Luo Zheng was inwardly shocked.
Xian Ze's method was very crude, but it was indeed very powerful.
Come to think of it …
The Law of Space was very powerful in the universe, and the Space Divine Dao was also one of the most powerful Divine Daos. In that case, the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment should be one of the most powerful among the various True Meaning mental cultivation methods …
Unfortunately, Xian Ze himself couldn't control this energy ball.
A short while later …
In the void dozens of body positions away from Luo Zheng, a figure staggered out.
This figure was Xian Ze himself.
When the energy ball exploded, it tore apart the surrounding space. Even though he had escaped into the void, he was still affected.
At this moment, the golden light on the surface of Xian Ze's body had dimmed significantly, and his clothes were torn in several places.
Xian Ze's Xuan Yuan Desolate Body was far stronger than ordinary clansmen. If it had been Xia Feng or Xia Yun, they would have been severely injured even if they weren't torn to pieces by the energy ball.
The Xuan Yuan clansmen were all silent at this moment.
Every single one of them had an unsightly expression on their faces …
Ji Zhuo didn't make a sound either. He felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar.
In Ji Zhuo's eyes, and in the eyes of the other elders of the Xuan Yuan Clan, even if everyone else lost, they would still win this battle.
That was because of Xian Ze.
This guy had already surpassed the level of Aragami, and was approaching the level of exiles, heading towards the Nirvana realm.
But facing this little guy from the Chiyou Clan who came out of nowhere, Xian Ze was actually at a disadvantage?
"What kind of method was that …" Xian Ze clenched his teeth and stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng gently withdrew his hand. The Dao of the Li Water Divine Dao dissipated, and the bright and clean mirror quietly shattered and quickly disappeared.
"It's just a small trick. Not worth mentioning," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Xian Ze's eyes were filled with hatred. "Indeed, it's just a small trick! If you think you can beat me like this, then you're dreaming! "
Then, he spread his arms. His body, which was even taller than a mountain, once again shot through the void and charged towards Luo Zheng!
Other than the True Intent of Dao, Xian Ze had another trump card.
The souls of the Aragami in this world were generally very weak.
But there were always some exceptions, and Xian Ze was one of them.
He had been nurtured by the efforts of several exiles. His soul was so powerful that it had far surpassed the strength of an ordinary Aragami …

Chapter 2185
Using one's soul to suppress an opponent would only happen when there was a large disparity in soul power.
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped into this world, he realized that the Aragami in this world didn't cultivate their souls …
Although the soul would naturally become stronger according to the length of time, the soul would naturally become stronger.
However, this process was very slow.
Just like Diao Yuan, Purple Jade, and the other Chiyou elders who had lived for countless years, their souls were still far inferior to Luo Zheng's without any special cultivation.
Today, Luo Zheng didn't plan on using his soul power, on the premise that he could deal with it himself.
However, he didn't expect Xian Ze to use this method first!
Xian Ze was still very confident in himself.
In a battle of souls, he definitely wouldn't lose to anyone of the same generation.
Moreover, his master had given him a set of "soul rings". Not only could these soul rings protect his soul, but they could also greatly strengthen his soul power. They were rare soul treasures. If his opponent's soul wasn't strong enough, he could rely on these soul rings to directly crush them!
"I'll tear your soul to shreds!"
Xian Ze revealed a sinister expression. He had never suffered such a great loss before. He wanted to kill Luo Zheng now!
That soul pressure instantly entered Luo Zheng's mind and went straight for Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng's soul quietly floated in his mind. Seeing that soul pressure coming straight for him, a faint smile appeared on his face.
After his soul fused with the Shadow Bearing Sword, Luo Zheng didn't fear even the soul of a Paragon True God …
However, the strength of Xian Ze's soul was only at the level of a True God's soul. The difference between him and Luo Zheng wasn't small. Moreover, a battle of souls was very similar to a battle of pure strength. The strong were strong, and the weak were weak. There were no tricks to speak of.
When Xian Ze's soul attack wrapped around Luo Zheng, it started to crazily tear at him.
In just a tenth of a breath's time, Xian Ze was already stunned.
His soul attack didn't cause any damage to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he felt that the surface of Luo Zheng's soul had started to twist and turn, like a small golden arrow.
Waves of sharp soul power were emitted from his body.
At this moment, Xian Ze's face finally revealed a look of shock.
How could this be …
Originally, he wanted to attack Luo Zheng in two steps. First, he would use a soul attack to disturb Luo Zheng's mind. Then, he would attack Luo Zheng's body.
But halfway through the first step, Xian Ze was dumbfounded. This guy's soul wasn't something he could shake.
"Swish —"
Xian Ze's reaction was extremely fast. He quickly withdrew his soul power from Luo Zheng's mind.
But at the same time, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face …
"Since you want to humiliate yourself, I will lend you a hand," Luo Zheng said indifferently with an expressionless face.
"Phew …"
An invisible soul pressure spread out from Luo Zheng's mind.
That spiritual pressure was almost tangible as it rushed toward Xian Ze's mind …
These soul arrows shot into Xian Ze's mind, heading straight for his soul.
Xian Ze was in a daze right now. He didn't know how to deal with Luo Zheng's soul attack!
Seeing those soul arrows piercing toward Xian Ze's soul, the soul ring above Xian Ze's soul suddenly released circles of golden light that protected him.
"Du du du du du …"
Countless soul arrows shot toward the soul ring.
Under the barrage of attacks, the soul ring above Xian Ze's head quickly dimmed. A clear crack quickly spread on the soul ring!
Once the soul ring was destroyed, Xian Ze's soul would be turned into a sieve by those soul arrows!
However, just as the soul ring was being attacked …
Tens of millions of kilometers away, inside the Evil Mountain Bone Pagoda, a middle-aged man suddenly opened his eyes.
The Evil Mountain Bone Pagoda was where the Xuanyuan Family gathered.
This middle-aged man was Xian Ze's master. He was also one of the exiles who had created the Xuanyuan Family, the Xuanyuan Guard, Di Jin!
Under normal circumstances, these exiles wouldn't make a move.
Even if the Xuanyuan Family's disciples were slaughtered, as long as they didn't enter the bone pagoda, the exiles wouldn't make a move.
If a certain family went overboard and killed their way into the bone pagoda, these powerful exiles would make a move.
Once, the Xuanyuan Family had killed their way into the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda. In the end, countless Xuanyuan Family's Desolate Gods were killed by the Chi You Exiles. After that, the Xuanyuan Family didn't take revenge. After all, the Xuanyuan Family was the one who broke the rules first.
The conflicts between the large families were only limited to the Desolate Gods, and not the exiles. This was an unwritten rule in this world.
The soul ring he had bestowed upon Xian Ze was created using a strand of his own soul.
Although it was only a tiny strand of his soul, the soul ring it formed was enough to withstand any soul attack in this world. After all, the souls of these Desolate Gods were pitifully weak.
At this moment, Di Jin discovered that the soul ring was under fierce attack!
This attack might not be a big deal to Di Jin, but how could the soul ring withstand it?
If the soul ring broke, Xian Ze's soul would probably be killed …
"Who is it? Whose soul attack is so powerful? "A trace of surprise appeared in Di Jin's eyes.
He knew that the Xuanyuan Family wanted to fight for the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, and had agreed to a battle with the Chi You Family.
It was Di Jin's idea to occupy the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
Although the space inside the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda wasn't large, it could become an important outpost for the Xuanyuan Family after occupying it.
Ji Zhuo had personally reported to him that the Chi You Family had agreed to the battle.
Di Jin was also very confident in Xian Ze. In his opinion, Xian Ze alone would be enough to achieve a complete victory, and the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda would be theirs.
But now, his soul was actually being suppressed by someone else? Who was this person?
A trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. With a gentle wave of his hand, a projection of a space appeared in front of him.
Di Jin's main cultivation was the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment. His control over space had reached perfection, and he was somewhat famous even among the Xuanyuan Guards!
"Who is this? His soul has already reached perfection at such a young age? No … he's almost there. He's only fused with the sword soul of a divine weapon? Is this the True Meaning of Good and Evil? "Di Jin felt some clues from Luo Zheng's soul pressure, and was very curious.
There were very few people who cultivated the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
Those old fellows from the Chi You Family had been exiled here for countless years, and there were many conflicts between the two families. However, Di Jin was very clear about the few exiles from the Chi You Family.
None of them cultivated the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
So where did this little fellow from the Chi You Family cultivate it?
Now was clearly not the time to think about this question. If he didn't stop him, Xian Ze would probably die here today.
He had invested countless hopes in Xian Ze, so he couldn't just let it be destroyed so easily.

Chapter 2186
At the edge of the wasteland, the Desolate Gods of Flying Scythe City were bewildered by this scene.
Luo Zheng and Xian Ze stood motionless on the ground.
When the Desolate Gods fought, they would rely on their bodies that were thousands of feet tall to fight against each other.
They had never seen a battle on the soul level.
Hence, when they saw the two of them standing motionless, they were dumbfounded. They had no idea what they were doing.
Even Mao Xue, Xia Feng, Xia Yun, and the others were intrigued by this scene.
As disciples of the Chiyou and Xuanyuan Clans, they were naturally more knowledgeable than ordinary Desolate Gods.
To a certain extent, they had even tempered their own souls.
However, compared to True Gods, the Desolate God Physique did not have any requirements for the soul. Their souls were not that strong. This was the first time they had seen a battle on the soul level.
"Just now, I felt that Xian Ze's soul became very strong in an instant." Mao Xue stared at Xian Ze in the distance.
Cheng Wei nodded slightly. "However, he seems to have been suppressed by Luo Zheng. In a battle on the soul level, Luo Zheng will not lose to him."
Luo Zheng's strength was his soul.
When Cheng Wei lured Luo Zheng into the Chiyou Clan, this was her goal.
However, after Luo Zheng's identity was revealed and his stunning performance, the others neglected this point.
Xian Ze in his mind was complaining incessantly.
Using his soul ring to launch a soul attack was one of his greatest trump cards.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, as long as he could not resist his soul attack, he would be easily defeated or even killed!
However, Xian Ze did not expect that after he used his soul attack, he would attract an even stronger counterattack …
And Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than his!
"Du du du du du …"
More and more cracks appeared on his soul ring. Under the bombardment of those soul arrows, it would shatter at any time.
Once his soul ring shattered, his fate would be obvious!
Just as he was at a loss, he suddenly felt a warm feeling coming from his soul ring.
As that feeling flowed, the soul ring, which was originally full of cracks, began to rapidly repair and become abnormally stable. At the same time, it emitted rings of golden light!
"This is …"
Xian Ze revealed a look of surprise.
But in the blink of an eye, Xian Ze understood.
Master! 'Yes, it must be Master …'
Master once said that this world was too desolate, and it was very difficult to find materials to craft soul tools.
However, his master had promised to help him refine a magic treasure that could protect his soul. In the end, he still used a wisp of his own soul.
Although this wisp of soul had been refined into a Soul Ring, it was still Master's soul in essence. Master could sense it immediately and even control it!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed slightly as the golden light from the soul ring grew brighter.
"What a powerful soul treasure … No, this soul ring is a little strange!"
Under his relentless attacks, the soul ring should have been shattered, but it suddenly recovered to its original state.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng could feel that this Soul Ring had become ten times stronger!
No matter how sharp his Soul Arrow was, it was like an egg hitting a rock.
This definitely wasn't something Xian Ze could do. If that was the case, Xian Ze wouldn't have been suppressed by his soul force in the first place.
In the sky above Flying Sickle City, Di Jin was hidden in the void. He sighed slightly as he watched Luo Zheng's methods.
"I've taught you everything I know. I thought you would be able to run amok in this world, but the Chiyou Clan actually produced such an enchanting person … I can only help you here. You can forget about the battle of souls. Your strength isn't any weaker than his. If you activate the secret of the Spiritual Pivot, you might still have a chance!"
Di Jin had actually violated a great taboo by helping Xian Ze.
If the Chiyou Clan found out, it would probably cause a lot of trouble and even make him a laughingstock.
His own disciple couldn't beat the other party, and as a Nirvana Realm powerhouse of the mother world, he actually secretly helped him. This was too embarrassing.
However, Di Jin also valued the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda very much. He couldn't make Xian Ze admit defeat, so he could only use this method to help Xian Ze win this round.
Xian Ze felt a warm current surround his soul, and Di Jin's voice entered his mind.
Hearing his master's voice, Xian Ze was somewhat fearful.
The reason Xian Ze could run amok in the Xuanyuan Clan, and even the elders had to give him face, was also because of his master, Di Jin.
In front of Di Jin, Xian Ze had always been obedient.
Now that his master had taught him, he naturally agreed without hesitation …
"Yes, master! I originally wanted to take advantage of the situation and take down Luo Zheng, but I was too impatient. If I had used the secret of the Spiritual Pivot, I wouldn't have fallen into such a passive situation … "
After speaking, Xian Ze opened his eyes. Two rays of golden light shot out from them, and he stared at Luo Zheng, who wasn't far away.
Luo Zheng also chose to give up after using his soul attack for a long time to no avail.
He had doubts in his heart, but he still couldn't understand why Xian Ze's soul rings had become so strong in an instant.
However, now wasn't the time to dwell on this.
"I really didn't expect your soul to be so strong," Xian Ze said, looking at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
All along, Xian Ze had been a very arrogant person.
He had the right to be arrogant. After all, his master, Di Jin, had once said that in this world, other than the exiles, he was the most outstanding in terms of bloodline and talent!
Even in the Nuwa Clan, which was at the peak of its power, no one could compare to him.
This was indeed the case.
Since he was young, Xian Ze had never met an opponent who was on par with him.
Xia Feng and Xia Yun were at the peak of their power before him. However, Xian Ze only used 40% of his strength to defeat Xia Yun. Even when he defeated Xia Feng, he used less than 60% of his strength.
Such strength was enough for him to look down on all the geniuses in this world.
Now, someone had suddenly appeared who was stronger than him in the True God Realm, and in terms of soul power, could suppress him.
Xian Ze couldn't accept this at all. This feeling of defeat was like a sharp knife stabbing into his heart.
Only by killing Luo Zheng would Xian Ze be able to pull out that saber!
"However, you think you can defeat me like this?" Xian Ze continued.
At this moment, the golden light on the surface of Xian Ze's body started to change.
The golden light that covered his body seemed to have a life of its own, and started to flow slowly.
In the eyes of most Desolate Gods, the Xuanyuan Wilderness was a layer of golden light that was comparable to solid gold.
However, most people from the Xuanyuan Clan could only use the Xuanyuan Wilderness to this extent …
However, as a member of the Xuanyuan Clan, Xian Ze's bloodline could be listed in the Spirit Pivot Pavilion, and he could activate the secrets of the Spirit Pivot.
The relationship between the exiles and their clansmen in this world was actually quite distant. For example, Fu Er hadn't seen his daughter for so many years.
Therefore, very few exiles were willing to take the Desolate Gods as their disciples.

Chapter 2187
The Xuanyuan Clan also had differences in bloodline purity.
However, they weren't divided by grade, but by "pavilion".
There were a total of nine pavilions in the Xuanyuan Clan in the Mother World.
The descendants of the Xuanyuan Clan had different bloodlines, so they were all placed in different "pavilions".
The Spirit Pivot Pavilion ranked first.
However, there was still a gap between the Spirit Pivot Pavilion and the Chiyou Clan's "Royal" bloodline, but it was still quite outstanding.
Those whose bloodline was placed in the Spirit Pivot Pavilion could activate the secrets of the Spirit Pivot in their bloodline.
This was also Xian Ze's most hidden trump card.
Strands of golden light converged to form a mysterious picture.
This catalog was the Spirit Pivot Catalog.
There were very few people in the Xuanyuan Clan who could create the Spirit Pivot Catalog, and everyone's Spirit Pivot Catalog was different.
If Xian Ze was born in the Mother World, he would also be placed in the Spirit Pivot Pavilion to study his own catalog. The power contained in this catalog was very complicated, and involved the origin and secrets of the Xuanyuan Clan.
In this world, Xian Ze naturally didn't have the ability to study the catalog.
Di Jin was the one who helped him complete the inspiration for this catalog, and only a small part of it was unlocked.
After all, this wasn't the Mother World, and even the exiles' abilities were limited.
"Sizzle …"
The golden light circulated in the strange catalog, then turned into black light and returned to the surface of Xian Ze's body.
Soon, Xian Ze's entire body was covered by the black light.
His body, which was more than a thousand feet tall, was emitting black light, and looked very strange.
Not only did Luo Zheng and the Chiyou Clan find it strange, but the Xuanyuan Clan also looked at Xian Ze with strange eyes.
"This … is this still the Xuanyuan Desolate Body?"
"This black light is also the power of our bloodline?"
"It feels so strange …"
Some elders and descendants of the Xuanyuan Clan were also discussing in low voices.
They couldn't deny that Xian Ze's aura had greatly increased.
However, this power was too foreign to them, and they couldn't accept it. It was as if Xian Ze was no longer a member of the Xuanyuan Clan.
"That is indeed the power of our Xuan Yuan Family." Ji Mo looked at Xian Ze and said, "But, ordinary Xuan Yuan Family people can't have such power..."
Among the Xuanyuan Family, only the exiles and a few people knew that Xian Ze possessed the secret of the Spiritual Pivot, and Ji Zhuo was one of them.
Even now, Ji Mo still couldn't figure out why Xian Ze, who was born in this world, would suddenly possess such a powerful bloodline.
"I have never used the Secret of the Spiritual Pivot in a real battle." Xian Ze looked at the black light on his body and grinned at Luo Zheng. "You are the first!"
"Shua!"
Xian Ze once again pointed his two daggers at Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "You deserve to be defeated by me!"
"Hualala …"
As the two sharp blades spun, two intersecting black blade auras appeared under his blade. It was as if he had used high-grade wolf fur to make a big "cross" on white rice paper. The two blade auras spiraled and whizzed over!
"This blade aura is very strong." Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
He didn't dare to face it head-on. His body floated and dodged it!
Seeing Luo Zheng dodge, Xian Ze showed a disdainful expression. He didn't press on and oppress Luo Zheng. Instead, he calmly raised his two daggers again!
"Whoosh!"
The two daggers intersected, and another two intersecting black blade auras appeared.
The blade auras were thousands of feet long. Every time they were slashed, they could reach hundreds of thousands of feet away.
The Aragami of the Chi You and Xuan Yuan Families were still fine.
Seeing this, the Aragami of the Flying Scythe City had no choice but to distance themselves.
Although they were standing at a safe distance, if they were careless and were to be affected by the shockwaves, they would be in deep trouble.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh …"
Streaks of black blade auras flashed past.
Xian Ze, on the other hand, was leisurely walking behind Luo Zheng, slowly "chasing" him.
"Weren't you very strong before? Can't you do anything now? " Xian Ze glanced at Luo Zheng. He hoped that Luo Zheng could struggle and resist. He liked to crush his opponents, but it was boring if the gap was too big.
"Whoosh!"
Seeing the intersecting blade auras shooting towards him, Luo Zheng waved his hand again.
"Weng weng …"
The Divine Li Water Mirror blocked in front of him.
But this time, the Divine Li Water Mirror lost its effect.
The moment the two intersecting rays of black light touched the Divine Li Water Mirror, the Divine Li Water Mirror shattered like a mirror.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's movements were extremely quick. As soon as he saw the Divine Li Water Mirror shatter, he let go of his hand and retreated swiftly before rolling towards the other side. For the sake of avoiding the black light, he even smashed open a huge hole in the ground!
"You can't block it?" Xian Ze sneered, "I thought you could block anything!"
On this wasteland, Xian Ze and Luo Zheng chased after each other. The mood of the two clans could be described as ice and fire.
"This won't do. I don't know what method Xian Ze used, but his strength suddenly increased. Luo Zheng can't do anything to him …" An elder of the Chiyou Clan said worriedly.
"I don't know what that black blade aura is, but it's really too strong," Diao Yuan said with a frown.
Originally, Luo Zheng had the upper hand, but now he couldn't fight back. They were naturally anxious.
Zi Yu looked at Luo Zheng nervously, not saying a word.
Luo Zheng hadn't been in the Chiyou Clan for long, so he didn't show too much of his strength in front of her.
Even if he was a True God, he must have his own unique skills. But she didn't know if he could fight against Xian Ze!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng dodged one of the intersecting blades of black blade auras.
But this blade aura brushed past Luo Zheng's back, leaving a bloody groove on his back.
A fiery burning sensation spread over!
After Luo Zheng's body was reconstructed, his body had increased by another level. But under this black blade aura, he was still very weak.
"It's about time. It's time to end this." Seeing that Luo Zheng was injured, Xian Ze smiled smugly. "I can feel your fear, helplessness, and unwillingness. These emotions should only appear in a weakling like you! If you're willing to kneel down and beg for mercy, I can consider sparing your life! "
"What a joke. Do I need you to spare my life?" Luo Zheng smiled coldly.
Xian Ze didn't care about Luo Zheng's attitude at all. Instead, he said slowly, "A stubborn person like you is the same as the person Tan Xuan killed. In the end, you can only use your own life to atone for your sins!"
As he spoke, Xian Ze raised his two blades again. This time, the black blade aura on his body started to fluctuate violently. It seemed that he really wanted to end this battle.
Hearing Xian Ze mention Tan Xuan, Cheng Wei and the others' expressions turned ugly. After all, only their Chiyou Clan's Shang Long had fallen in this battle.
But now, they were more worried about Luo Zheng.
For example, Diao Yuan was already planning to make Luo Zheng admit defeat. Luo Zheng had already done his best. If they lost to Xian Ze, their Chiyou Clan could only accept that their skills were inferior and admit defeat!
"Hu …"
But at this moment, Luo Zheng held his emerald green sword horizontally in front of his chest. A faint smile appeared on his face. "I do need to atone for my sins, but it depends on whose life it is."

Chapter 2188
The Chiyou and Xuanyuan Tribes also knew that the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was coming to an end.
From the looks of it, Xian Ze had the absolute advantage.
Luo Zheng could not fight Xian Ze who had activated the Secret of the Spiritual Pivot.
The Chiyou Tribe members all had the same thought.
Luo Zheng had done his best. If he really could not win, it would be better to surrender as soon as possible …
Just like Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, and the others felt that Luo Zheng was more important than the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
However, at this moment, an extremely complicated aura suddenly spread out from Luo Zheng's huge body.
The Dao Fusion Sword had always been Luo Zheng's trump card.
However, when he first came to this world, he could not figure out the strength of the Aragami, so he had to fight them several times.
After entering the Chiyou Tribe and cultivating the Aragami, Luo Zheng had never used this move.
"Bzzz …"
The fused Dao kept rising in Luo Zheng's inner world. After it left the inner world, it flowed along Luo Zheng's huge body.
Finally, the energy climbed onto Luo Zheng's longsword. It was like a brown flame, slowly rolling around the longsword, dancing, and dispersing …
"What kind of energy is this?"
"What a strong sense of intimidation! Just looking at it makes me feel pressured! "
"So this is Luo Zheng's trump card?"
The people of the Chiyou Clan were surprised when they saw this.
They did not expect Luo Zheng to have this hidden move …
Xian Ze also noticed the brown energy on Luo Zheng's longsword.
The aura contained within this energy was very complicated and powerful. It was something he had never seen before.
However, at this time, Xian Ze had no way out. With his character, it was impossible for him to retreat!
The stronger Luo Zheng's performance, the more Xian Ze's fighting spirit was stimulated.
"Whoosh!"
Xian Ze crazily stimulated the bloodline power in his body. The black light became brighter and brighter. The aura he emitted was actually on par with Luo Zheng's aura!
Two powerful auras shot up to the sky, echoing in this barren land …
This aura extended for thousands of miles.
The entire Flying Sickle City and the people outside the city also felt the pressure of this aura.
Ordinary people's faces were ashen, and their hearts were beating wildly.
Even some of the Aragami felt pressured!
Di Jin, who was hiding in the void, fixed his eyes on Luo Zheng's long sword.
"This power! This was the power of the Dao Fusion Grand Unification! Although there are only a few hundred types, it's already quite perfect. It's using the Dao to naturally fuse with the Dao … "Di Jin was even more amazed when he saw this scene.
In the Mother World, he had reached a bottleneck in his exploration of the Origin of Strength, Soul Force, True Yuan, and Chaos Qi.
After crossing the Nirvana Realm, the ultimate powerhouses' exploration of power was focused on the level of energy. Many experts hoped to unify all the energies in the present day. This would uncover the mysteries of the entire Primal Chaos.
The supreme experts, who were second only to the Ancient Gods, followed their own train of thought and performed their own Dao fusion energy.
However, they had only fused a portion of their energy into the Dao. They were far from being able to unify everything.
Even so, these supreme experts had benefited a lot from the path of Dao fusion. They had even created their own schools of thought.
But no matter what, the Dao Fusion Grand Unification should not appear in this world, and it should not appear in the body of a little guy …
While Di Jin's mind was filled with question marks, Xian Ze and Luo Zheng below him made their move.
"As expected, you won't disappoint me!"
Xian Ze's face became redder. The more he faced a battle of life and death, the more excited he became.
"Wu wu wu …"
The black radiance spiraled around his body like a spiral and gathered in his two sharp blades.
He no longer had any scruples and squeezed his bloodline to the extreme!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! "
He attacked with both hands, and the two sharp blades once again slashed out a black blade ray that crossed each other.
This black blade ray was like a cross of death. It extended for thousands of feet and went straight for Luo Zheng!
Facing this attack from Xian Ze, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. This time, he did not dodge at all. He waved the long sword in his hand.
"Dao Fusion Sword!"
A sword ray that was three thousand feet long spread out.
When the brown sword light surged out, the light within a radius of 50 kilometers dimmed a little.
Hundreds of Dao Accumulations merged together in an extremely complicated state, turning into an extremely violent energy. This energy was so domineering that it suffocated the spectators!
"Chi!"
In the blink of an eye, this sword ray collided with the two black blade rays that Xian Ze had slashed out.
To everyone's surprise, the collision of these two tyrannical energies did not produce much movement or sound.
In everyone's eyes, the two black blade rays quickly disappeared, as if they had been swallowed by the sword ray. They dissipated easily.
The sword ray did not slow down and continued to go straight for Xian Ze!
"He won!"
Seeing the sword ray's momentum, the cub's eyebrows suddenly raised.
The Chiyou tribesmen were all overjoyed. In the end, Luo Zheng did not disappoint them.
Xian Ze's mouth opened slightly, his face full of disbelief. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but how fast was the sword ray?
In the blink of an eye, it was already heading straight for Xian Ze!
At this moment, Xian Ze even forgot to enter the void to avoid this sword ray.
"Sigh …"
Di Jin, who was hiding in the void, sighed faintly.
Di Jin also hoped that his disciple could defeat Luo Zheng. However, when he saw the Dao Fusion Sword, he knew that Xian Ze would lose without a doubt.
The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was something that the Xuan Yuan Clan had to take down …
"Although this method is not honorable, I have no choice. Chiyou tribesman, don't blame me." Di Jin muttered. With a thought, a strong intent descended from the soul ring in Xian Ze's mind.
At this moment, Xian Ze's eyes became dazed, and his body became abnormally agile.
Xian Ze retreated as he faced that sword ray, and the two blades in his hands danced rapidly!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Every time the blades swept past the sword ray, the sword ray would be weakened a little.
As Xian Ze retreated, he slashed out sixty to seventy times in a row. Every blade struck the front of the sword ray precisely. This technique was so precise that no one could help but raise their eyebrows!
After Xian Ze retreated a few hundred steps, the sword ray was forcibly disintegrated by him!
"Whoosh!"
Xian Ze's eyes were lifeless as he raised the two blades in his hands. He took a step forward and went straight for Luo Zheng.
In the blink of an eye, it was as if he had become a different person.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. He almost reflexively rolled to the side.
Even so, Luo Zheng was still a little slow.
The blade that slashed out from the void slid past Luo Zheng's shoulder, and left a two thousand foot long wound on Luo Zheng's back!

Chapter 2189
The sudden turn of events stunned most of the people.
Xian Ze's series of attacks were dazzling, forcing Luo Zheng into a desperate situation in an instant!
It seemed that Luo Zheng would not be able to dodge this sword.
His Dantian suddenly moved, and an invisible force shot out.
The Buddha Emperor's Sword, which had not yet fully formed, was already heading straight for Xian Ze.
"Bang!"
The Buddha Emperor's Sword hit Xian Ze, and only then did Xian Ze's body slow down.
Using this opportunity, Luo Zheng quickly distanced himself from Xian Ze.
"Eh? Tracing the source of power? How did he do that? This kid has more tricks up his sleeves than usual … "
Di Jin was speechless. Luo Zheng's tricks were endless, and each of them was so unique.
However, he did not plan to let Luo Zheng go.
He was better than Xian Ze. If he could get rid of him, it would be better to get rid of him as soon as possible to prevent future troubles.
Therefore, he continued to control Xian Ze to go straight for Luo Zheng.
Under Xian Ze's constant pressure, Luo Zheng could only keep dodging.
However, Xian Ze seemed to be able to calculate Luo Zheng's every move, and used his speed advantage to the extreme. Occasionally, he would even use the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment to sneak into the void and attack Luo Zheng.
Under this slaughter along the way, Luo Zheng was flustered and in a perilous situation for a time too!
Meanwhile, at the top of Tiannan's bone tower not far from Flying Sickle City …
A huge eyeball took in everything that was happening in Flying Sickle City.
9527 did not care about the battle between the Aragami.
In this lord's eyes, these creatures are all ants. Even those exiles are just slightly larger ants.
Its only concern was Luo Zheng.
The brain masters asked 9527 to record Luo Zheng's every move.
If there was a chance, it wanted to get closer to Luo Zheng …
It was too difficult for Luo Zheng to cross the Nirvana Realm with his physical body alone. He needed some guidance.
"It's just a duel. Why are the exiles interfering?"
9527 was a little confused. It was still unable to fully understand the various intentions of humans.
Di Jin's Void Illusory Destruction True Intent was cultivated to the point of perfection. When he hid in the void, no one discovered him.
However, no matter how powerful Di Jin was, he could not escape 9527's sight.
That eyeball could see through all the void. All of Di Jin's movements were seen by 9527.
If it was a normal fight, 9527 would not interfere. Taking advantage of this opportunity, it could observe more carefully and more carefully …
Just now, Luo Zheng had demonstrated the ability of "Dao Fusion".
This made 9527 very surprised. It felt the aura of Great Unification …
Although it was very, very little.
But it was already beginning to take shape!
The Original Lord had said it before, and so had the Brain God.
It was impossible for the Great Unification to reappear. That was an energy that had been extinguished forever.
The living beings that had been fortunate enough to witness the aura of the Grand Unification had all become Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and become a part of this world.
Working hard in this direction would not yield any results.
Unfortunately, there were still many living beings who were delusional and wanted to control the ultimate mystery of the Primal Chaos.
If it could get close to Luo Zheng, it would definitely tell him not to take this path.
9527 noticed that the exiles hiding in the void were becoming more and more excessive. When it saw Luo Zheng in danger, it became angrier and angrier.
The exiles bullied a junior like this. It was really too shameless.
Just like how the huge Brain God bullied it …
The Brain God had said that it had to protect Luo Zheng as much as possible.
Thinking of this, 9527 used its authority.
The top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda began to vibrate again. Compared to such a huge bone pagoda, the magnitude of the vibration was not noticeable.
Under the continuous vibrations, a seed condensed next to the eyeball.
The seed grew rapidly, then bloomed and bore fruit.
When the fruit bloomed, a taut bone bow appeared within it …
The bone bow was about three hundred feet wide, and the bone arrow on the bowstring was six hundred and twenty feet long.
The top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda was 873.6 billion miles away from Flying Sickle City.
If 9527 shot this bone arrow and let it rely on the power of the bowstring to reach Flying Sickle City, it would take about 140 years.
However, there were some hollow patterns on the bone arrow. That was a very small part of the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment that 9527 had imparted to it.
However, the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment possessed by the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods was far from what these exiles could compare to. The bone arrow pierced through the void and would hit Di Jin in the blink of an eye.
At this moment, within the Chiyou Ancient Pagoda.
"Big Brother, there's clearly something wrong with Xian Ze," Fu Er said anxiously.
These exiles were also constantly paying attention to Luo Zheng.
The old man was now somewhat hesitant. He also sensed that there was something wrong with Xian Ze, but he couldn't be completely sure.
"Big Brother, if we act now and save Luo Zheng, we'll consider this battle our loss. We'll let them have the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda," Chi Yi said firmly.
The old man frowned, "I won't let Luo Zheng die. However, if we act now, the Xuan Yuan Clan will ridicule us!"
"Nothing is more important than Luo Zheng's life," Fu Er said.
"Of course," the old man nodded firmly, "Let's wait a little longer. If it doesn't work, I'll immediately bring Luo Zheng back."
Given the old man's strength, it wasn't very difficult for him to pull Luo Zheng back to the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda in an instant.
Although they'd seen some clues and knew that something was wrong with Xian Ze, they hadn't been able to detect Di Jin, who was hiding in the void.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Xian Ze's two sharp blades danced wildly, attacking Luo Zheng fiercely.
Under Di Jin's control, Xian Ze's strength had long surpassed the range of a middle True God.
In terms of technique, even the clan elders couldn't help but be speechless. However, Luo Zheng used a long sword to forcibly block the sharp attacks.
"How tenacious …"
Di Jin was a little angry. With a thought, he continued to control Xian Ze, this "puppet," and his attacks became fiercer and fiercer.
Even though Luo Zheng tried his best to calm down and deal with the enemy calmly, the disparity between him and the Xuan Yuan Clan was too great.
However, the gap between him and the exiles was still unimaginably large. Under Xian Ze's ferocious suppression, he finally revealed an opening.
Xian Ze tightly latched onto this flaw!
"Whoosh!"
It was accompanied by a crisp sound.
The two sharp blades twisted, and Luo Zheng's leg was once again cut by the sharp blades. He instantly lost his grip, and the long sword suddenly flew out and stabbed into the ground several thousand feet away. Then, the long sword continuously shrank, until it was only a few feet long …
Xian Ze, whose eyes were filled with confusion, slowly walked towards Luo Zheng with two plain and unadorned knives in his hands.
"It's time to end this," Xian Ze said in a strange tone.
At the same time, 9527's consciousness appeared at the top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, "The one who should end this is you."

Chapter 2190
After the Original Lord fell into a deep sleep, he assigned most of his authority to the Brain Masters.
Those damned Brain Masters were stupid and stupid. Apart from being immersed in their beautiful dreams, they didn't care about anything happening in the outside world.
On the other hand, a spiritual body like 9527 was very interested in the outside world.
Sometimes, Brain Masters would assign authority to spiritual bodies like 9527 to carry out some special tasks.
In the past, there were some disobedient exiles who tried to invade the Original Lord's skull. Those exiles were easily killed by these small spiritual bodies.
Of course, they were like 9527, borrowing the Original Lord's power.
Swoosh!
As soon as the bone arrow left the bowstring, it disappeared.
According to 9527's calculations, the bone arrow would hit the Exiled Exile hiding in the void in one-hundred-thousandth of a second.
This Exiled Exile was also proficient in the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment. He could possibly dodge this arrow.
9527 didn't calculate the probability that the Exiled Exile could dodge this arrow. The Exiled Exile's life was like a speck of dust to it. It wasn't interested in it at all.
The most important thing was that the Exiled Exile couldn't kill Luo Zheng.
Di Jin, who was hiding in the void, was seriously controlling the Immortal Luze and forcing Luo Zheng into a dead end step by step.
His methods were almost as good as taking action himself. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so tenacious. It was also quite troublesome …
Di Jin sighed in his heart. He also felt some pity. Who asked this kid to be born in the opposing camp?
Just as he was about to end Luo Zheng's life, he suddenly felt the space vibrate.
Di Jin, who specialized in the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment, was far more sensitive to space than other Exiles.
Even though the space vibrations were hundreds of billions of miles away, he could still detect the subtle vibrations. The key was that the vibrations were coming towards him!
"A very fast vibration. It probably needs …"
Just as Di Jin's thought flashed through his mind, his pupils dilated in an instant.
The speed of the vibration was far beyond his expectations.
A strong sense of danger rose from his back and turned into a trace of cold air that filled his mind.
At this moment, Di Jin didn't have time to think at all. He completely relied on his instincts to twist his body and circulate the Void Disillusionment True Intent to wipe out the void that he constructed to hide in.
Because of the flattening, his whole body was directly "bounced" out of the void. He staggered and floated for a while before he finally stopped. He was in a rather sorry state …
But just as he was ejected, a slender white figure shuttled past behind him …
The white shadow's speed was extremely fast. Aside from Di Jin, no one else in Flying Sickle City saw it clearly.
Soon after, the white figure once again entered the void and disappeared without a trace. No one knew where it had gone.
Di Jin looked in the direction of the white shadow. Judging from this distance, this white shadow came from high up in the sky, and there was only one Heavenly South Bone Pagoda in that direction.
Did this attack come from the top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda?
Di Jin couldn't even take care of himself. Xian Ze, who was under his control, stood dumbfounded in place.
Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity to pull away from Xian Ze. He looked at Di Jin in the sky with a face full of confusion. He didn't think that there would be someone hiding in the void above. And judging from the aura, this person was an Exiled?
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who was confused. The Chiyou and Xuanyuan clansmen were all looking at Di Jin strangely.
Exiles wouldn't participate in the battle between Aragami. This was a convention that all Exiles silently followed.
Even the Xuanyuan clan was confused. Why would Di Jin suddenly appear here?
"Whoosh …"
In another place above everyone's heads, a bright white whirlpool was slowly rolling.
A figure emerged from the whirlpool. Before the figure walked out, an angry voice was heard from within, "The Xuanyuan clan has always been sanctimonious. You never deviate from the rules when you open your mouth. You hid here and controlled your own clansmen to kill my Chiyou clansmen. Di Jin, let's see how you explain this to me today!"
Fu Er walked out of the whirlpool and stared at Di Jin with a gloomy face.
He had long noticed that something was wrong with Xian Ze. It was only because his big brother kept stopping him that he didn't save Luo Zheng.
Fu Er knew that his big brother wanted to see Luo Zheng's limit, but he didn't know that Di Jin was controlling Xian Ze from behind. Luo Zheng was having a hard time holding on!
Under Fu Er's questioning, Di Jin's face turned very ugly.
He thought that with his own ability, he wouldn't be discovered by the Chiyou clan …
But he didn't know who shot an arrow at him from above the bone tower. If he didn't run away fast enough, he would have been pierced by the arrow.
Although he was lucky enough to escape this calamity, he had completely exposed himself.
"I, I …" Di Jin also felt that he had crossed the line. But after thinking about it, he smiled and said, "I was just watching the battle. Xian Ze is my disciple. I was worried that something might happen to him. What's wrong with coming here to watch?"
Hearing Di Jin's excuse, Ji Zhuo and the other elders of the Xuanyuan clan sighed in relief.
They didn't know that Di Jin had gotten involved.
But now that the Chiyou clan had found out, the situation was very bad.
They could only grit their teeth and deny it …
Fu Er sneered, "Watch the battle? Is this how you watch the battle? "
As Fu Er spoke, he pointed at Xian Ze and sent a strand of soul force into his mind.
Xian Ze, who had been in a daze, quickly regained clarity. Xian Ze, who had regained his consciousness, suddenly trembled. He looked at Di Jin above him and said with a strange expression, "Master? Why are you here? Strange, I think I was being controlled by someone … "
Ji Zhuo sighed helplessly and couldn't help but rub his forehead. This kid was a genius, but sometimes he was very stupid. He didn't know how to judge the situation at all.
As for Xian Ze's master, Di Jin, the corners of his mouth twitched.
At the same time, Fu Er's voice drifted over again, "Di Jin, what do you have to say?"
Di Jin frowned at Fu Er, then looked at his disciple, Xian Ze. He was very regretful.
If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have interfered in the battle …
He would have lost anyway. He wouldn't have let himself and the Xuanyuan clan fall into a passive position.
At this moment, ripples appeared in the space behind Di Jin and a faint voice came from the ripples, "Brother Di Jin was just being impulsive. Fu Er, why do you have to be so overbearing? However, it's only for the sake of the Southern Sky Bone Pagoda. Our Xuan Yuan Clan can just let you have it. "

Chapter 2191
Imprisoned in this world, these exiles knew of each other's existence.
Fu Er knew from the voice that it was Yan Lai of the Xuanyuan Clan.
This person's position in the Xuanyuan Clan was the same as the old man's. He was one of the most powerful people in this world.
However, Fu Er didn't back down.
Since the Xuanyuan Clan had agreed to a duel for the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, it meant they had no intention of starting an all-out war.
Besides, the once-in-a-millennium Judgment Light was about to arrive. Now wasn't the time for a major conflict.
Even if the Xuanyuan Clan did plan to start a war, the Chiyou Clan wasn't necessarily afraid of them.
Fu Er was certain of this.
Ripples flickered in the space behind Di Jin again. Yan Lai's voice came through the ripples.
"Then … what do you suggest we do?"
Yan Lai seemed to want to settle things peacefully.
Purple Jade, Diao Yuan, and the others looked at each other.
Although Di Jin's manipulation of the immortal lake was infuriating, the fact that he'd exposed himself gave the Chiyou Clan an opportunity to take advantage of the situation.
The Chiyou Clan understood, but Fu Er understood even better. He smiled faintly. "It's simple. The Xuanyuan Clan is not to interfere with any of the cities within five million kilometers of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda!"
Not interfering meant that they were out of the picture.
The major clans wouldn't announce that they'd taken over these cities. After all, the cities where wastelanders gathered weren't worthy of their attention. The ones in control were usually the clans' own sects.
Fu Er wanted the Xuanyuan Clan's sects to withdraw from the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda!
The Xuanyuan clansmen were enraged by Fu Er's condition.
The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda had always been divided equally between the two clans. Even if they gave the bone pagoda to the Chiyou Clan, the Xuanyuan Clan would only lose a bone pagoda and four cities. If they withdrew from the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda ….
That would have a huge impact on the Xuanyuan Clan.
"That's too much!"
"We can't agree!"
"Absolutely not …."
Murmurs rose from the Xuanyuan Clan's side.
Ji Zhuo's face darkened as well. However, since Di Jin was here, as the Head Elder, he naturally couldn't do anything. Therefore, he didn't say anything.
At the end of the day, Di Jin was the one who'd caused this mess. If he hadn't done this, the Xuanyuan Clan would've only lost the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. Di Jin had also been the one who'd planned the battle, but his disciple had been useless and had lost to Luo Zheng.
He looked helplessly at Xian Ze in the distance and shook his head slightly. Although he didn't like Xian Ze, he had to admit that Xian Ze was strong.
If he were Di Jin, he would probably make the same choice.
Who would have thought that the Chiyou Clan would suddenly have a monstrous kid who was even more ridiculous than Xian Ze?
The ripple in the air was silent for a while. After a while, it said, "Okay, as compensation, my Xuan Yuan Clan will withdraw five million miles from the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda."
Yan Lai's straightforward answer surprised Fu Er.
Fu Er was just casually asking for a price, and was prepared to bargain with Yan Lai. Unexpectedly, Yan Lai didn't care at all!
This unusual behavior made Fu Er somewhat suspicious, but he couldn't figure out what Yan Lai was thinking. Therefore, he said blandly, "That's great!"
"Brother! How can you agree to such a condition?! "Di Jin was a little dissatisfied.
Although he was the one who caused this mess, he was certainly not willing to let the Xuan Yuan Clan suffer a great loss.
"We'll talk when you come back …" Yan Lai's voice drifted over.
Di Jin's face was filled with helplessness. He looked at the Chiyou Clan people, especially Luo Zheng. Instantly, a strong resentment rose in his heart, but there was nothing he could do now.
Just as Di Jin was about to leave, Ji Zhuo, the Head Elder of the Xuan Yuan Clan, suddenly said, "Wait!"
Di Jin glanced at Ji Zhuo and said, "What else?"
Ji Zhuo's eyes fell on Luo Zheng from afar, then he said, "For this duel, we want both clans' disciples. Luo Zheng is indeed powerful, and has defeated our Xianze, but I don't think he has the bloodline of the Chiyou Clan."
If the Chiyou Clan really had such a talented disciple, it was impossible for them not to have heard about it.
Ji Zhuo was a little confused before, and more importantly, Luo Zheng didn't show his Chiyou Wasteland body!
Therefore, Ji Zhuo suspected that Luo Zheng was borrowed by the Chiyou Clan from other clans. If so, Luo Zheng couldn't have the Chiyou Wasteland bloodline. If he didn't have the Chiyou Wasteland bloodline, the Chiyou Clan would be considered to have violated the rules first, and this duel wouldn't count.
Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, Di Jin's eyes shone slightly. He came here in a hurry, and didn't notice this.
"Yes, let that kid prove that he's from the Chiyou Clan!"
"I've never heard of such a person in the Eternal Wasteland. He couldn't have jumped out from a rock!"
"Indeed, Luo Zheng's background seems to be unclear."
Xuanyuan Family people seemed to have caught a life-saving straw, and this was probably the only thing they could say.
In this regard, Xianze showed an indifferent look.
He didn't care about the South Heaven Bone Tower, neither did he care about Luo Zheng's background. He only knew that he had been completely defeated by Luo Zheng.
Seeing the people of the Xuanyuan Clan become noisy, the people of the Chiyou Clan remained calm.
Luo Zheng indeed didn't come from the Chi Spirit Bone Tower, but he was a genuine Chiyou Clan member, or rather, a Li Clan member!
Hearing Ji Zhuo's words, Zi Yu showed a weird smile, then said to Luo Zheng in a bland tone, "Since Grand Elder Ji Zhuo has doubts in his heart, Luo Zheng, please help him to clear up his doubts."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
It wasn't difficult for him to transform into the Chiyou Desolate Body, but he didn't have the chance to use it in the past few battles.
Xia Yun and Xia Feng posed no threat to Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng could also suppress Xianze in the beginning.
After Xianze was controlled by Di Jin, Luo Zheng didn't have the chance to transform into the Bloodline Desolate Body.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's thoughts changed slightly, and the bones and meridians in his body surged. Two heads and two pairs of arms grew out of his body, and he quickly transformed into a three-headed, six-armed Desolate Body!
A genuine three-headed, six-armed Desolate Body!
It was rare for a middle-level Desolate God to transform into a three-headed, six-armed Desolate God. This meant that Luo Zheng's bloodline was pure and rare, and it was normal for him to have such strength.
Seeing this, Di Jin snorted coldly in the air, then stepped into the void and disappeared in front of everyone.
Ji Zhuo cupped his fists at Zi Yu, and said nothing more. He just left with the Xuanyuan Family people.
As for the Desolate Gods who were quietly watching from afar, naturally, some were happy, while some were sad. After all, today's battle had determined the division of power within the South Heaven Bone Tower.

Chapter 2192
After the Xuanyuan Clan left, several people in charge of Flying Sickle City came up to congratulate the Chiyou Clan.
Among these leaders, two of them belonged to the Xuanyuan Clan. However, they chose to defect at the first opportunity.
After all, after the Xuanyuan Clan left, it would be impossible for them to take care of small fries. They would have to fight for their own survival in the future. Those without a foundation would easily defect.
However, the Chiyou Clan was too lazy to pay attention to them and sent them away with a few words.
Managing these cities didn't require the Chiyou Clan's disciples. The three major sects under the Chiyou Clan would naturally take care of everything.
"The Heavenly South Bone Pagoda has been sealed for 13,000 years. Today, it can finally be opened. Purple Jade, take everyone to open it." Fu Er smiled at his daughter.
Purple Jade nodded and looked at her father with some confusion. "Father, are we going back so soon?"
Fu Er shook his head and looked at the top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. "No, Father needs to investigate something …"
The Chiyou Clan's exiles were all watching the battle between Luo Zheng and Xian Ze.
However, they did not discover Di Jin who was hiding in the Void. The moment Di Jin fell out of the Void, they felt a powerful force penetrate through them.
That force almost disappeared in a flash, but Fu Er judged that it was this force that forced Di Jin out.
Who made a move at such a critical moment?
He didn't know whether the person who made the move was friend or foe, but he still wanted to find out.
He had already sensed that the force came from an extremely high direction. Judging from the direction and distance, it should be the top of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
"Mm …"
Purple Jade nodded reluctantly, but she was still a little unhappy.
She had never seen her father's face, but this time, because of Luo Zheng, her father had appeared twice. The difference was too big, and Purple Jade couldn't help but feel unbalanced.
Fu Er noticed his daughter's mood and smiled faintly, his lips moving slightly.
Her father's voice sounded in Purple Jade's ears. "Do you still remember the stories I told you? Maybe … it won't be long before we're not trapped in this world anymore! "
Purple Jade was stunned when she heard this.
Although she had never seen her father, she had often heard his voice when she was young.
Especially when he suffered setbacks, he would run to the large screen and let his father comfort him. Fu Er would also tell him many interesting stories.
And those stories came from the mother world.
In the mother world, there was the Dan Fenghai, Nuwa creating humans, the Fire God burning the world, countless ancient legends intertwined, and all kinds of bizarre divine abilities.
Hearing this, the cub pestered its father to take it to the mother world.
Later on, when the cub grew up, she found out that this world was actually a huge prison. Her father was a prisoner of this prison. Meanwhile, she and the other Aragami were just the children of these prisoners …
Leaving this world was simply an extravagant hope.
After reaching adulthood, Purple Jade was not too disappointed. After all, she was born in this world and was a native of this world.
However, now that it heard its father's words, the cub naturally couldn't react.
"Father, what do you mean by that?" Purple Jade asked with a true essence sound transmission.
Fu Er smiled slightly. "The way to leave this world is only a small possibility. You'll naturally know in the future."
Purple Jade did not know the news that Luo Zheng brought to the exiles, and Fu Er could not tell her about it. Now, he was just using it to comfort his daughter.
In the eyes of the exiles, Luo Zheng's news was not absolutely reliable.
However, in order to leave this place, as long as there was the slightest possibility, they would do it regardless of their own safety!
Then, Fu Er stretched out his hand and waved gently. A rippling vortex appeared in front of him, and he stepped into it, leaving the cub in a daze.
It was not until Diao Yuan called out "Great Elder" a few times that the cub reacted and said to everyone, "Everyone, follow me to open the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda!"
After the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda was opened, this bone pagoda would become the Chiyou clan's second stronghold!
If it was in the past, it would be a great joy for the cub. After all, this meant that the Chiyou clan had taken a big step forward in their expansion. In this world, there were many bloodline clans crowded in one bone pagoda, and the Chiyou clan was one of the few clans that could sit on two bone pagodas.
But just now, her father told her that they were going to leave this world.
Only then did the cub understand what her father had told her before they set off.
The outcome of this battle was not important. The most important thing was to protect Luo Zheng's safety. It seemed that her father was indeed planning something …
…
On the top of the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda.
9527 was very satisfied with the arrow it had just shot.
When it was in a good mood, it liked to sing softly.
That was a ballad that it had once sung, a kind of ballad that could penetrate the soul. Sometimes, 9527 would boast that it was the "Soul Catcher", and the rhythm of the soul fluctuations would intoxicate it.
However, that group of old-fashioned brain masters did not like it and often forbade it from singing in the spiritual world.
When 9527 was humming softly, it suddenly felt something.
The exiled Chiyou clan had come …
After realizing this, 9527 sank into the depths of the Bone Pagoda.
At the same time, the huge eyeball and the huge bow that it had created suddenly shattered, turning into wisps of white bone powder.
These bone powder did not scatter with the wind, but were quickly absorbed into the Bone Pagoda. Not a single trace of the original body's bones could be wasted!
After 9527 quietly disappeared, Fu Er walked out of the vortex at the top of the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda.
He wandered around the top of the Bone Pagoda for a while, and at the same time released his divine mind.
Fu Er's divine mind was very special. It was like a snake baring its fangs and brandishing its claws, constantly spreading at the top of the Bone Pagoda.
"Here!"
Fu Er's eyes flashed, and he immediately came to the side of the top of the Southern Heaven Bone Pagoda.
With his keen divine mind, he could feel the remnant soul fluctuations here, but when he looked at the Bone Pagoda, his face showed a trace of confusion.
The soul fluctuations seemed to have escaped into the interior of the Bone Pagoda.
After living in the Bone Pagoda for so many years, Fu Er was well aware of how monstrous the skeletons of the Primordial Chaos Primordial Gods were. No living creature could break into the Bone Pagoda and sneak inside …
"As expected, this Primordial Chaos Primordial God has its eyes on Luo Zheng," Fu Er murmured as he stood in place.
In the Na Huang Cave, the old man had come to this conclusion.
The Primordial Chaos Primordial God seemed to have merged its bloodline into Luo Zheng's body during Luo Zheng's physical tribulation, almost killing Luo Zheng …
This time, the Primordial Chaos Primordial God had personally forced Di Jin out of the Void?
He didn't know why a creature of this level had its eyes on Luo Zheng.
After all, the Primordial Chaos Primordial God had not made any moves for countless years, and it was also the Primordial Chaos Primordial God that had given these exiles a place to live.
So far, it seemed that the Primordial Chaos Primordial Chaos Primordial God had no ill intentions toward Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2193
Since 13,000 years ago, after the fierce battle between the Chiyou and Xuanyuan races, the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda had been sealed.
The two races made a compromise and shelved the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. Together, they opened the Eternal Wasteland below the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda …
Today, the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda had fallen into the hands of the Chiyou race.
For the clansmen, especially Diao Yuan, Qi Chang, and the other Chiyou disciples, their emotions were surging.
Being able to help the Chiyou race open another bone pagoda could be said to be an unparalleled achievement, just like how the emperors of the mortals expanded their territory.
However, Purple Jade was a little absent-minded. Her beautiful eyes kept sweeping over Luo Zheng.
She didn't know what kind of changes this kid's arrival would bring to the Chiyou race, but her father's words were most likely because of Luo Zheng …
Could he really lead the Chiyou race out of this world?
Soon after, the bone ship slowly approached the middle section of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda. In the middle section of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, there was a crack that was hundreds of meters long. Through this crack, one could enter the bone pagoda.
Instead of saying that the clans were fighting for the bone pagoda, it was better to say that they were fighting for the "cracks" in the bone pagoda. Only by hiding in these cracks could they avoid the once-in-a-millennium Judgment Light.
Around the crack, there was a huge red seal that was tens of thousands of meters wide.
A crimson aura slowly hovered above the seal. This aura transmitted a sense of danger, as if it was issuing a warning to any creature that approached this place.
This seal was released by the exiles of the two races at the same time. Once it was removed, the powerhouses of the two races would naturally know.
"First Elder, it's time to unlock the seal." Diao Yuan looked at Purple Jade, who was still in a daze, and felt quite strange. He could only remind her.
Purple Jade came back to her senses, smiled awkwardly, and nodded.
Naturally, she should be the one to unlock the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
Then, under everyone's gaze, Purple Jade flew up, and her body began to expand …
"Huff, huff, huff …"
10,000 meters …
10,000 meters …
100,000 meters …
400,000 meters!
Purple Jade's huge body also gave Luo Zheng a rather oppressive feeling.
For an Aragami to be able to cultivate to such a level, in terms of pure strength, they were probably much stronger than a Sage!
When he had just arrived in this world, Luo Zheng had seen giants thousands of kilometers tall fighting in the Eternal Wasteland. Purple Jade's current height should be even taller than the giant he had seen before.
It was unknown how many desolate bones it had absorbed to reach such a level. Luo Zheng pondered.
Now that the arranged battle had ended smoothly, the next step was to find a way to leave this world. He did not know what plans the elder and company had, but regardless, he had to seize the time to absorb the desolate bones.
Everyone stood on the bone ship and looked up at the cub.
She reached out and slapped the seal …
"Boom!"
Under the explosion of the air, the surrounding space shook.
At the same time, the surface of the huge seal began to roll.
Purple Jade's palm, which was tens of thousands of feet wide, kept slapping the seal. When the seal was flipped to a certain extent, it began to shatter.
Soon, the seal dissipated with the wind.
After dispersing the power of the Rage God, the cub returned to its normal size and returned to the bone ship.
After everyone investigated the interior of the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, only a few of their clansmen were left behind to guard it.
According to the original plan, after occupying the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, the Chiyou race would first move their major sects here. With this space, they would be able to absorb more people from the wilderness.
…
Luo Zheng followed Purple Jade back to the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda.
There were only about two years left before the Light of Judgment appeared once in a thousand years.
Although Little Yun and Fu Chu were still in a safe state, all decisions had to be made within two years.
After all, the Chiyou race alone might not be able to protect the siblings.
If they were not brought into the bone pagoda, everything would be purified once the Light of Judgment appeared, turning into smoke.
Even Luo Zheng himself had no chance of leaving this place.
After returning to the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda, Luo Zheng seized every moment to absorb the desolate bones …
Although the Chiyou race had a large stock of desolate bones, Luo Zheng's absorption method still shocked Wei Cong, who was supposed to distribute the desolate bones.
However, Wei Cong dared not say anything. After all, ever since Luo Zheng's return, the entire Chiyou race had been spreading all kinds of legends about the battle between Luo Zheng and the Xuanyuan race.
It could be said that the Chiyou race only relied on Luo Zheng to win the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda.
As for Mao Xue, Cheng Wei, and the others, they did not contribute at all.
Even Duo Mo, who had fought with Luo Zheng for the Na Desolate Cave, was now convinced by Luo Zheng's strength.
Six days later …
The old man silently descended in front of Luo Zheng.
He looked at the rich power of the Rage God in Luo Zheng's body and said calmly, "At this rate, it won't take long for you to reach the level of an upper-level Rage God …"
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and smiled. "I'm just afraid that there won't be enough time."
"Cultivating the Rage God is a shortcut. Time is not a big problem," the old man replied.
Luo Zheng nodded.
The power of the Rage God in these desolate bones should have been inherited from the predecessors. It was indeed much faster than cultivating in the great world.
"However, there's still something that I don't understand," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Please speak," the old man said.
"When I fought with Xian Ze, I saw that he had activated the power of his bloodline. It seems that the power of the Xuanyuan race's bloodline is very powerful. Why doesn't the Chiyou race's bloodline Desolate Body have a similar power?" Luo Zheng asked.
If the Chiyou race's three heads and six arms corresponded to the Xuanyuan race's golden light protection, then the power that Xian Ze used should be the power of his bloodline that had reached a certain level. That black light also posed a great threat to Luo Zheng.
The purity of Luo Zheng's bloodline was definitely not weaker than Xian Ze's. However, after passing the physical tribulation, Luo Zheng only had three heads and six arms. He did not obtain any bloodline power, nor had he heard anyone mention it.
The old man smiled and said, "Our Chiyou race's bloodline is not weaker than the Xuanyuan race's. However, you belong to the chief's direct bloodline. I can't predict when you will activate your bloodline power, but I believe that it will happen sooner or later."
After all, the Chiyou race had never produced a royal bloodline in all these years. Even these exiles did not know much about the bloodline power of the Chiyou race. The old man could not give Luo Zheng an answer. Luo Zheng needed to figure it out himself.
"Let's go. It's time," the old man said.
"Where to?" Luo Zheng asked.
"To visit the Nuwa race," the old man replied.
It would be difficult for the Chiyou race to escape from this prison alone. If they could borrow the power of the Nuwa race and gather the other races, the possibility of leaving this world would be greatly increased.
Moreover, the Nuwa race had bound the divine realm in the barbarian water bone pagoda. This problem had to be solved.

Chapter 2194
The old man took Luo Zheng with him, silently vanishing from the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda.
The wardens had always been extremely mysterious. They traveled through this world silently, and even the exiles knew very little about them.
Now that they were planning to leave this prison, they had to be very careful.
The Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda was the fourth rib of the Primal Chaos Elder God.
There was a crack on this rib that was tens of billions of kilometers long. These cracks created a vast space within the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda, which was why it was the most suitable bone pagoda for this purpose.
As the most powerful race in this world, it was only natural that the Nuwa Clan would occupy this bone pagoda.
Beneath the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda was a vast expanse of the Eternal Wastelands.
However, ordinary people were unable to enter the Eternal Wastelands. Only the disciples of the nine major sects that relied on the Nuwa Clan could obtain an entry token and enter.
As the most powerful race in this world, no one was willing to cause trouble for them. Thus, even joining one of the subordinate sects of the Nuwa Clan was extremely difficult, let alone joining the Nuwa Clan.
It was for this reason that the Nuwa Clan was able to absorb all sorts of dazzling geniuses from this world!
Whoosh …
In the void, ripples of water spread out in circles.
The old man had already brought Luo Zheng out of the spatial tunnel. In a short period of time, he had already brought Luo Zheng across a distance of thirty billion kilometers.
Luo Zheng glanced at the distant Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda with a strange look on his face. "It seems that we're still quite far away from the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda …"
Visually, the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda was right in front of him, but if he flew, it would probably take quite a bit of time.
The old man revealed a wry smile. "There's nothing we can do about it. The Nuwa Clan has many rules. They don't allow outsiders to enter as they please!"
The Nuwa Clan forbade other exiles from traveling through the void and visiting the bone pagoda.
Even exiles had to abide by these complicated rules. In this world, the Nuwa Clan was the only clan that did so.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed behind the old man.
From where he was, Luo Zheng could see the divine domain high up in the sky.
This was the closest Luo Zheng had been to the Divine Domain since he had arrived in this world. The huge Divine Domain floated in the deep space, emitting a soft luster, like a gem of uniform texture.
However, in the middle of this "gem", there was a crimson band of light binding it!
This ribbon of light shot out from the top of the bone pagoda. Luo Zheng noticed that a part of it was still hidden in the bone pagoda. Through the huge crack in the middle of the bone pagoda, Luo Zheng could faintly see the scarlet light emitting from the rope …
The bone pagoda was 700 to 800 billion miles tall, and the distance between the bone pagoda and the Divine Realm was probably over a trillion miles. Moreover, the belt of light had wrapped around the Divine Realm, and was probably two to three trillion miles long.
Ji Hao wondered how the Nuwa Clan managed to create such a large-scale light band.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, a row of white dots suddenly appeared in front of him.
A group of Aragami wearing white armor flew over.
When those Aragami arrived in front of him, Luo Zheng noticed that the armor on those Aragami were made from bones.
This world was too desolate. Some of the necessities could only be made from bones that could never be exhausted in this world …
"Stop right there!"
The leader of the group of Aragami was waving a bone spear in his hand as he shouted at the old man and Luo Zheng.
This person's tone was very strict at first. However, after taking a glance at the old man, his expression suddenly became serious.
For an expert like this old man, just by standing there without saying a word, he gave off an unsurpassable feeling of vicissitudes of life. This feeling was completely emitted by his cultivation base. Even a blind man would know that he was extraordinary.
The Aragami spoke again in a very respectful manner, "My Flying Elephant City is under the rule of the Nuwa Clan. May I know why you are here? I can pass the message on your behalf!"
When the old man heard this, he smiled faintly, "If I let you pass the message on my behalf, I don't know how long it would take. I can do it myself."
These Aragami skills could only be passed to the nearest city. The city would then pass the message to the sect. The sect would then pass the message to the Nuwa Clan. The clan would then pass the message one by one. Indeed, it would take a long time.
Then, the old man put his hands behind his back. He stared at the Brute Water Bone Pagoda and moved his lips slightly.
These Aragami did not know who the old man was looking for. They were guarding the place and did not dare to leave …
Not long after, a rainbow-like spiral of light slowly appeared in front of the old man, and a figure appeared in the middle of this circular rainbow.
Because the rainbow-like light was blocking, only a silhouette could be seen. However, one could still see that the person had a graceful figure.
"Old Jin, you have not left the bone pagoda for so many years. What is it that you have to come here personally today?"
A soft voice gently floated out from the rainbow.
When the voice entered the ears, it was like sweet water. It was so sweet that it could melt one's soul.
"Important. Very important." The old man said faintly.
So the old man's surname was Jin. Luo Zheng thought to himself.
"Day after day, year after year in this world. Other than those weird-shaped bones, what else is important? Don't tell me that you have taken in a talented little girl and want to marry her to our Nuwa Clan? "
The sweet and soft voice revealed a trace of melancholy.
She seemed to have noticed Luo Zheng behind Elder Jin, so her last sentence was a joke.
These exiles were qualified to be imprisoned here. They were not nameless people in their mother world. Naturally, they felt helpless when they were in such a situation.
"Maybe these days can be gone forever?" Elder Jin smiled faintly.
How intelligent was the person in the rainbow? In an instant, she understood the meaning of Elder Jin's words. However, she did not have much interest in it. She just said lazily, "After so many years, we have tried countless methods. When have we ever succeeded?"
Elder Jin looked at the rainbow calmly and said faintly, "If there is a chance, are you willing to give it up?"
The person in the rainbow remained silent for a moment. Then she said, "No!"
"That's right." Elder Jin chuckled. "Let us in first!"
Then, the colorful vortex kept spinning. Elder Jin and Luo Zheng immediately went into it.
As for the pair of Aragami guards who were patrolling the shuttle and stopping Jin and Luo Zheng, they were staring blankly at the scene before them.
"Boss, boss." One of the guards patted the head of the Aragami guards. "She's gone!"
The Aragami guard regained his senses. He did not know who the woman was, nor did he know who Elder Jin was. However, such a person, no matter what the purpose of coming to the Nuwa Clan was, it was not something he could ask.

Chapter 2195
Luo Zheng stepped into the rainbow-like passageway. Immediately after, an elegant fragrance assailed his nostrils.
As far as the eye could see, he saw a world of colors ….
"This … is the interior of the bone pagoda?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
When Luo Zheng entered the bone pagoda of the Chiyou Race, he only felt that everything inside was very simple and crude.
The interior of the bone pagoda was a natural cave. The Chiyou Race had built some palaces and houses in it, and the materials were also made to make do.
However, in the vast cave of the Brutal Water Bone Pagoda, there were neatly planted jade-green plants and light yellow flowers. In the distance, there were mountains, waterfalls, and all kinds of beautiful buildings. It was like a fairyland.
"Haha, of course." That soft laughter was transmitted over faintly.
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, there was a tall woman. This woman wore a plain white dress and sat in front of a wide chair.
This woman was beautiful, and her eyes seemed to contain spring water, emitting a faint light.
Whether it was strength or fame, this woman far surpassed the other exiles in this world.
Even the Chiyou Race's Elder Jin, who had a five-star title, was not a match for this woman. It was also because of her that the Nuwa Race could firmly hold the title of the number one race.
However, this woman's aura was extremely restrained. At a glance, she looked like an ordinary person who had never cultivated before!
While Luo Zheng was sizing up the woman, the woman was also sizing up Luo Zheng.
"After so many years, your Chiyou Race hasn't improved at all. Except for a few old monsters, the younger generation is all fake. Old Jin, you've brought up a proud disciple this time?" The woman's eyes were sharp, and she could see through Luo Zheng's background at a glance.
She was very clear how difficult it was to cultivate an upper True God in this world. Even more valuable was that Luo Zheng seemed to have comprehended two True Intents of Dao at the same time.
Elder Jin smiled awkwardly …
The development of the Chiyou Clan in this world was indeed not as good as that of the Xuanyuan Clan and the Nuwa Clan. The reason why they could develop to such a scale was entirely because of the support of these exiles.
"Speaking of which, if you're really interested in a marriage alliance, there are many outstanding women in my clan. Can you arrange for the children to meet?" This woman was really interested in Luo Zheng, and actually went along with this topic.
This time, even Luo Zheng looked embarrassed.
Elder Jin chuckled. "These matters are up to the children themselves. I'm really here for an important matter!"
The woman withdrew her gaze from Luo Zheng and said, "Speak!"
Every exile desperately wanted to leave this world.
However, after making various attempts, they unanimously chose to give up.
How could it be so easy to escape from a cage constructed by a primal chaos ancient god?
But as long as there was a slim possibility, they would spare no effort to try.
"I'm afraid we'll have to start with Luo Zheng's background. Luo Zheng, you tell her," Elder Jin suddenly said with a Quintessential Sound Transmission.
The woman frowned. She didn't know what was so important about this youth's background that he had to be deliberately mystifying.
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a Quintessential Sound Transmission, "I'm not from this world. I come from the Realm of the Gods."
The woman didn't understand. She tilted her head and asked with a frown, "The Realm of the Gods? What kind of place is that?"
"The world above us," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing this, a trace of surprise appeared on the woman's face. "You came from that ship?"
In the woman's eyes, the world bound by the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda was a giant ship.
She didn't expect Luo Zheng to come from there!
Luo Zheng nodded, a trace of helplessness appearing on his face. "But this ship is bound by you. I can't leave …"
The woman still didn't understand. She continued to ask, "You said you came from that ship. Why did you enter the Chi You Clan?" She stared at Elder Jin in confusion.
Elder Jin smiled bitterly and said, "Because that ship was built by the Great Chieftain of my clan, Chi You. Luo Zheng is the Great Chieftain's grandson!"
The woman's eyebrows suddenly rose. She looked Luo Zheng up and down again, a strange light flashing in her eyes. Her interest in Luo Zheng grew even stronger.
"It sounds a bit like a fairy tale." The woman shook her head and smiled, as if she couldn't believe it.
Luo Zheng didn't care whether she believed him or not. He continued, "That's not the most important thing. The most important thing is that I have to return to that place. At the same time, the Nuwa Clan must release that ship!"
Ordinary people wouldn't dare to speak like this in front of her.
The woman looked at Luo Zheng with interest. She walked up and stared at Luo Zheng with her beautiful eyes. "It wasn't easy for me to bind this ship. I didn't expect it to dare to break free. If we drag this ship to this world, the Nuwa Clan will gain a lot of resources. Do you think I will let it go?"
"Besides … even if you really came from that ship, do you think you can leave this world with your strength?" The woman added.
Even if Luo Zheng and Elder Jin were telling the truth, and this ship really belonged to the Chi You Clan, and Luo Zheng was a direct descendant of the Chi You Clan, it still couldn't change anything.
How could she let that ship go just because of Luo Zheng's words?
Luo Zheng stared at the woman calmly and said, "That's why the Chi You Clan invited you to leave this world with us. I believe you will also make a choice!"
To the exiles, opening up this world was always the most important thing. Everything else was inconsequential.
"What a boastful little fellow." The woman's eyes looked past Luo Zheng and landed on Elder Jin. The more she listened, the more she felt that Luo Zheng's words were ridiculous.
However, she knew Elder Jin's character. A five-star Chi You Wei wouldn't bring a little fellow who was full of lies to fool her.
"Please listen to Luo Zheng." Elder Jin waved his hand.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the woman's reaction. He continued, "When I came to this world, I met the warden's clan."
"We see them every year. This group of cowards recently came to my Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda. It's not strange," the woman replied calmly.
"My experience is different." Luo Zheng shook his head slightly.
Luo Zheng recounted his encounter with Xiao Yun and Fu Chu.
As Luo Zheng spoke, the woman's face gradually became skeptical. After Luo Zheng finished, she stared at Elder Jin and said in a doubtful tone, "Old Ghost Jin, is this the possibility you spoke of?"
Elder Jin nodded. "Yes, you don't want to take this opportunity?"
Luo Zheng also stared at the woman.
As the decision-maker of the Nuwa Clan, her attitude determined everything.

Chapter 2196
For the exiles, being imprisoned here for an endless amount of time was the most terrible thing.
Time was the cheapest thing for them.
Even if Luo Zheng was really making things up, the exiles would still try to verify it. In any case, it was much better than hiding in the bone tower and doing nothing!
Besides, Old Devil Jin couldn't have specially brought Luo Zheng here to deceive her.
Luo Zheng secretly heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the woman's attitude.
Persuading these exiles was easier than he thought.
But it was also easy to understand. If it was Luo Zheng who had been imprisoned here for countless years, he wouldn't miss any small opportunity.
"That's straightforward," Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The woman stared at Luo Zheng calmly and said, "In fact, many years ago, I was sure that the prison built by the ancient Gods of Chaos was absolutely perfect. There were no loopholes at all. All efforts were in vain. The only way to leave this world should be in the hands of the warden's family, but those guys are stubborn."
Saying so, she shrugged her thin shoulders and smiled helplessly.
The warden's family was like ghosts, occasionally patrolling quietly. No matter who tried to communicate with them, there was no result.
The woman had once set up a bewitching array, and even used her body to entice them, but to no avail. After various attempts, the Nuwa family could only choose to give up.
But this time, Luo Zheng told her that there was a conflict within the warden's family, and he even found two members of the warden's family!
This made her realize that this opportunity was extraordinary.
No wonder Old Devil Jin attached so much importance to it, and even personally brought Luo Zheng here.
The woman thought for a moment, then asked, "The brother and sister you mentioned, are they safe now?"
"They should be safe," Luo Zheng nodded.
"They can't enter the bone tower. When the Light of Judgment descends, they will undoubtedly die. We must act quickly," the woman said with a frown.
If it weren't for the Light of Judgment, which only appeared once in a thousand years, they would have a lot of time to plan this matter.
However, many things were often so coincidental. Thus, opportunities often flashed by. Whether or not one could seize them depended on one's luck …
"The fewer people who know about this, the better. I hope that the Nuwa Clan, the Xuan Mi Clan, the Star Deer Clan, and the other top-ranked clans will join us. However … the Xuanyuan Clan is an exception!"
The Xuanyuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan had always been fighting fiercely.
The conflict between the two clans was deeply rooted in their bloodlines. Elder Jin was naturally unwilling to leave with the Xuanyuan Clan.
The woman smiled. "That's your decision. I don't care."
When the Xuanyuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan fought, the Nuwa Clan had always been neutral. That was how the three major clans in this world maintained such a subtle relationship.
Then, the news was spread out by the Nuwa Clan, and it was secretly spread in the worlds at the bottom of the Chaos.
If Elder Jin were to take Luo Zheng to persuade those big clans, the effect would be greatly reduced.
However, when it came from the woman's mouth, the situation was naturally different. The exiles of the various large clans all responded with almost no hesitation.
One month later …
At the edge of the Eternal Wasteland.
A few scavengers lowered their heads and poked at the eerie white bones on the ground, hoping to find one or two desolate bones.
Although the Eternal Wasteland was almost dried up, there would always be one or two fish that escaped the net.
At that moment, spatial ripples spread out from the sky.
From the spatial ripples, figures stepped out and silently stood in the sky.
These people were all exiles of this world. They came from various major clans and all of them had their own bloodline inheritance.
The scavengers below all looked up at the sky and all of them had their mouths wide open.
They did not know that there were people in this world who could travel through the void and come and go as they pleased. In their eyes, the most powerful beings were those Desolate Gods that could transform into hundreds of feet tall.
Not far away, in the Wrought Iron Tribe …
Xiao Yun made a mark on a domino and calculated the time when Luo Zheng left.
Luo Zheng had left the Wrought Iron Tribe for almost a year. She did not know how he was doing now.
After absorbing the desolate bones left behind by Luo Zheng, Xiao Yun's cultivation level had increased by quite a bit. At the very least, it allowed her to have a firm foothold in the Wrought Iron Tribe.
However, Xiao Yun still had a huge hidden worry in her heart. If Luo Zheng was unable to bring her and Fu Chu into the bone pagoda within two years, they would completely disappear from this world.
"It is very difficult for ordinary people to join ordinary sects. However, Luo Zheng … he will not disappoint us." Xiao Yun stared at Fu Chu, who was silently cultivating not far away, and thought to herself.
At that moment, Xiao Yun suddenly felt an intense aura enveloping her.
That aura was very complicated, as though it was emitted by dozens of powerful beings.
Xiao Yun did not react immediately and was shocked. Fu Chu, who was not far away, also opened his eyes and looked at his sister with a frightened expression.
"Fu Chu, stay here and don't move. I will go out and take a look!"
After Xiao Yun said that, she rushed out of the straw hut.
How could Fu Chu be at ease with his sister? Fu Chu had never felt such an imposing aura before. How could such a powerful existence be stopped by her elder sister? He immediately followed her out.
The Wastelanders in the Wrought Iron Tribe were also in a panic.
These tribes were easily attacked by the surrounding factions. Not to mention those powerful sects, even some small factions in the cities could bring them disaster. The lives of these Wastelanders were as light as a feather.
"These people …"
When Xiao Yun saw the group of people in the sky, her eyes opened wide on her delicate and pretty face.
She could not sense the cultivation level of this group of people at all. However, this group of people was able to give her an intense pressure just by standing there motionlessly. This could only mean that their cultivation level had reached a level that she could not comprehend.
Fu Chu also followed her out and asked softly, "Sister, who are these people?"
"Why did you come out?" Xiao Yun stared at the sky and said to her brother in a reproachful tone.
Fu Chu smiled bitterly and said, "Is it safe to hide in the straw hut?"
If it was a blessing, it would not be a disaster. If it was a disaster, it could not be avoided. Fu Chu was more carefree than his sister.
Just as the two of them were bewildered, another spatial fluctuation came from the sky. Luo Zheng quietly came out from it.
When Xiao Yun saw Luo Zheng, her mouth opened wide and her fists clenched tightly.
At that moment, Xiao Yun only had one thought. Luo Zheng had succeeded. He had done it faster than she had expected!
In mid-air …
The Nuwa Race woman asked faintly, "Who are the siblings you mentioned?"
Luo Zheng looked around and saw Fu Chu and Xiao Yun at the entrance of the tribe.

Chapter 2197
After all, Xiao Yun was from the warden's clan. Although her cultivation wasn't high, her knowledge and experience were incomparable to that of ordinary people.
Therefore, she wasn't too flustered at the moment.
She already understood that Luo Zheng had brought the exiles here …
According to Xiao Yun's plan, Luo Zheng would first enter a large organization, establish a firm foothold, and then bring the sisters into the bone pagoda to temporarily hide.
After avoiding this round of judgment light, they would then plan their escape.
After all, Xiao Yun also knew that it was extremely difficult to enter the bone pagoda, let alone come into contact with the exiles.
She simply didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be able to come into contact with the exiles in such a short time, and gather so many of them in such a short time!
In fact, the exiles had almost all turned out for this operation.
This was probably the largest movement of the exiles in millions of years.
For this operation, they had gone through countless analyses and had adopted the best plan.
These exiles had never directly confronted the warden's clan, so they didn't know the true strength of the warden's clan.
After a discussion, Old Ghost Jin, Ming Wei, and the others of the Nuwa clan came to a decision. They would gather their strongest forces and first take away the "siblings" that Luo Zheng had mentioned.
For the exiles, this rare opportunity was worth it.
The premise was that Luo Zheng's words were true.
If Luo Zheng had deceived so many exiles, it was easy to imagine what would happen to him.
"You, you succeeded … I didn't expect you to bring so many people," Xiao Yun stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "It can't be helped. This was their decision. They felt that if they brought you into the bone pagoda, they wouldn't be able to avoid the eyes and ears of the warden's clan, so they might as well face them head-on!"
Hearing this, Xiao Yun tilted her head and thought for a moment, then smiled faintly, "Your thoughts are so complicated!"
However, this was indeed a possibility.
The warden's clan might not be powerful, but they had the authority to control this prison. It really wasn't that easy to fight against them.
Whoosh …
A white figure flew down from the sky and landed in front of Xiao Yun.
It was the woman of the Nuwa clan, the most powerful exiled in this world.
Luo Zheng already knew that her name was Ming Wei.
Whether it was the Nuwa Clan, the outsiders, or even the exiles, they all addressed her as Sect Master Mingwei.
As it turned out, the Nuwa Clan had thousands of powerful 'leaders' in their mother world, and Ming Wei was one of them!
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and a few exiles from the other races also descended one after another.
These exiles had been holding back for some time ever since they heard the news. Now was the time when they were the most nervous.
If it was proven that Luo Zheng was "lying" or that the siblings were lying, their hopes would be completely dashed, which was something they could not accept.
Even Ming Wei's beautiful face had a hint of nervousness. She sized up Xiao Yun and asked, "How can you prove that you're from the warden's family?"
"I can't prove it," Xiao Yun replied.
Hearing this, the expressions of the exiles changed, as if their hopes had been dashed in an instant.
However, Xiao Yun added, "My brother can prove it."
Hence, everyone's gaze turned towards Fu Chu, who was behind Little Yun.
Seeing so many Nirvana Realm powerhouses staring at him, Fu Chu looked a little nervous. He nodded at the crowd and said, "I can indeed prove it."
"Prove it to me." Ming Wei's calmness had a hint of authority that could not be disobeyed.
Fu Chu nodded and walked in front of Ming Wei. Then, he crossed his index finger and thumb, and a light brown light screen appeared in the middle.
Although the light screen was still in a state of chaos.
However, the exiles' eyes suddenly lit up.
These exiles were all powerful beings who had crossed over to the Nirvana Realm. Their understanding of energy was far beyond that of ordinary Aragami and True Gods. Just by looking at the energy emitted from the light screen, they could already sense that it was extraordinary.
After the light screen slowly became clear, Fu Chu said to Ming Wei, "Look, these are the curse chains behind you!"
Ming Wei looked at the light screen, and Elder Jin and the other exiles also squeezed forward.
In the light screen, they saw little golden worms with their heads and tails connected, spreading far away.
Ming Wei took a deep breath. "I've always been able to sense the existence of such a chain, but today is the first time I've seen it …"
One of the exiles saw the curse chain that bound him through Fu Chu. A reddish-gold lightning burst out from his hand, and the lightning turned into an electric blade that kept jumping. The electric blade contained an extremely terrifying power, as if it could destroy the world.
"Crack!"
The Exiled Outcast swung at the Curse Chain without hesitation.
Unfortunately, the two types of energy did not interact at all. The electric blade seemed to have slashed at nothing. From Fu Chu's light screen, the curse chain that bound the exiles did not move at all.
Fu Chu smiled faintly. "It's impossible to cut the curse chain with such a method."
The exiles nodded expressionlessly. How could he not know that the curse chain was not that easy to cut? It was just that this was the first time he saw it, and he could not help but want to try it.
"Is there a way to cut it?" Ming Wei looked at Fu Chu. Her expression had become much more amiable, and the smile on her face was somewhat charming.
"There is indeed a way." Fu Chu blinked and smiled. He could not help but feel proud to be surrounded by so many strong people at such a young age. He then said, "In our warden family, there are about thirty people who can cut the curse chain, and I'm one of them!"
"Then can you cut it now?" Elder Jin asked immediately.
Fu Chu shrugged his shoulders exaggeratedly. "Cutting the curse chain requires a special place, and my current cultivation level is not high enough!"
"Cultivation level? You want to cultivate to become a True God? "Ming Wei frowned.
She did not sense the power of the Rage God in Fu Chu's body, and at the same time, she sensed that he was trying to condense his quintessential essence.
If he cultivated to become a Rage God, it would be very simple. Desolate bones and even bloodline desolate bones were not worth mentioning to the exiles. However, if he wanted to cultivate a True God, it would be somewhat difficult …
"Yes." Fu Chu nodded. "But my progress is very average."
After they defected, they had been wandering around. How could they have the chance to cultivate?
Even after settling down in the Wrought Iron Tribe, Luo Zheng taught him a set of quintessential essence cultivation methods. However, this world was not suitable for quintessential essence cultivation. Even if Fu Chu's talent was good, his current cultivation level was far from becoming a True God warrior.
At this moment, Elder Jin and the other exiles focused their attention on Ming Wei.
Ming Wei pursed her lips and smiled faintly. "Although I have never taken in disciples, leave this matter to me!"

Chapter 2198
Since the ancient gods could not cross the Nirvana Realm due to the Desolate Body, the living beings in the mother world were immersed in it for a long time.
This meant that there was no way for those who came after them to ascend.
However, in that era, Nuwa appeared out of nowhere and comprehended the cultivation method of the great world.
She relied on the Qi of Chaos to open up a world within her body and reproduce countless living beings within the world within her body to form a large world before developing a divinity. She actually relied on such methods to cross the Nirvana Realm without relying on the Rage God's body, and it shocked the entire Mother World for a time.
Since then, the people in the mother world seemed to have discovered a new continent. They continuously explored the cultivation method of the great world, adding bricks and tiles to this path and bringing it to greater heights.
As Nuwa opened up the inner world and created countless people in it, the saying of Nuwa creating humans was passed down …
Therefore, the Nuwa Clan was not only the founder of the cultivation method of the great world, but they were also the best among them.
If they wanted to quickly increase Fu Chu's cultivation, Sect Master Ming Wei was the most suitable person to do it.
Hearing Sect Master Ming Wei's words, Fu Chu revealed a joyful smile.
This pair of siblings carried a great hatred. Their parents and close relatives were all killed by the Conservative Faction of the warden's clan.
Then, they wandered from place to place and curled up in this desolate land. The pain in their hearts was indescribable.
Now, he felt like he had endured through it all!
"Thank you, Master." Fu Chu was about to kneel down.
Ming Wei raised her eyebrows slightly, and Fu Chu could no longer kneel. He heard Ming Wei calmly say, "I don't accept disciples. You can follow me to cultivate, but I can't guarantee that I will give you too much time. You need to hurry!"
In the eyes of the exiles, Fu Chu had become their hope to leave this world.
No matter what Fu Chu needed, they would give it to him at all costs. However, he had to rely on himself for something like cultivation. There was nothing they could do about it.
"Yes." Fu Chu smiled and nodded.
"Don't be happy too early." Ming Wei said expressionlessly, "If you can't meet the requirements, I will use a secret technique to forcefully increase your cultivation. The price might be your life."
Hearing this, Fu Chu's face instantly revealed a bitter smile.
These exiles were not to be trifled with. In order to leave this world, they would do anything.
However, since Little Yun and Fu Chu had chosen this path, they were already mentally prepared. Even if it meant asking a tiger for its skin, they wouldn't hesitate.
"I'll bring this pair of siblings into the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda." Ming Wei said to the other exiles, "Everyone knows how important this opportunity is to us. Please be on your guard. If there are any strange movements, please report to me immediately!"
With that, Ming Wei lightly tapped her toes on the ground.
Rainbow-like ripples spread out and enveloped Fu Chu and Little Yun.
Xiao Yun also knew that she had no choice now. She waved goodbye to Luo Zheng. Before Luo Zheng could react, the three of them disappeared in front of everyone.
The other exiles also used their own methods to travel through the void.
Only the Desolate Folks of the Wretched Iron Tribe were left standing there in a daze.
…
…
All the exiles carried an invisible curse chain on their backs.
This curse chain extended all the way to the farthest reaches of this world …
After passing through those bone pagodas and large swathes of the Eternal Wasteland, it gathered in an area of absolute darkness.
If Fu Chu used his talent to observe here, he would see millions or even tens of millions of curse chains gathered together. In this darkness, it was as if there was a monster with infinite tentacles.
After passing through the darkness, those curse chains were firmly fixed on the high platforms.
Occasionally, a new curse chain would appear on the high platforms. That meant that a new life was born in this world and a brand new curse chain would be connected to it.
On one of the rusty high platforms.
Two figures in long black robes stood there.
The black robes seemed to wrap the two of them from head to toe. Even their faces could not be seen.
If an exiled saw this scene, they would know that they were from the Warden Race.
All these years, the Warden Race had always used this image to patrol the bone pagodas.
It was just that they used a special method to send down illusory figures. The exiles were helpless against them.
"What a huge commotion. These exiles are getting more and more arrogant." A slightly hoarse voice came from the black robe. Behind the robe, a strand of bright purple hair gently fluttered.
"Even if they were lucky and found the two traitors, they wouldn't go so far as to come out in full force, right?" The other person echoed.
"This should be Sect Leader Ming Wei's idea. She's smart," the purple-haired man in black said indifferently. "She probably deduced that she could not hide the two traitors, so she gathered all the exiles. This way, she's forcing us to take action."
"These prisoners, do they really think they're so powerful? If they're forced into a corner, they'll settle everything in this world. None of them will survive, "the other person sneered.
"It's not time yet. Besides, settling everything is not a good thing for us," the purple-haired man in black said.
"Then what should we do?" the other person asked.
The purple-haired man in black said indifferently, "As far as I know, not all the exiles are on her side. For example, the Xuan Yuan Clan."
"You mean to use the Xuan Yuan Clan to fight against them? The Xuan Yuan Clan is not weak, but I don't think they'll be a match for the alliance of these large clans, right? "the other person asked doubtfully.
In terms of strength, the Xuan Yuan Clan was only on par with the Chi You Clan. There was still a big gap between them and the Nuwa Clan.
Moreover, the Nuwa Clan had joined forces with more than eighty percent of the large clans. The Xuan Yuan Clan alone was not enough.
"Indeed, the Xuan Yuan Clan alone is not enough. However, are the exiles who follow the Nuwa Clan really united?" the purple-haired man in black asked.
"What do you mean?"
"If I give some of them a chance to leave this world, do you think they'll be tempted?" the purple-haired man in black said indifferently.
The Warden Race controlled a lot of authority in this prison. The purple-haired man in black could decide who was free.
Fu Chu was one of them. If it were not for the conflict between the Conservatives and the Liberals, he would have started to gain some authority.

Chapter 2199
Just before the thousand-year time limit, all the major forces in this world began to make their moves.
The ninth rib of the Chaos Elder God, the North-Leaning Bone Tower.
This bone tower was not like the other bone towers that were vertical. Instead, it was slanted at a sixty-degree angle toward the north.
The North-Leaning Bone Tower was a relatively intact bone tower. There was not much space for hiding in it.
However, in such a small bone tower, there were four clans with bloodlines. One could imagine how limited the development space of these clans was.
The exiles among them were not strong enough to fight against the major clans. Naturally, they could not fight for a new bone tower.
More than ten thousand years ago, the four major clans in the North-Leaning Bone Tower had planned to take the Heavenly South Bone Tower. They hoped to trade with the Xuanyuan and Chiyou clans so that they could at least give them some space to enter the Heavenly South Bone Tower.
However, such a suggestion was ignored by the Xuanyuan and Chiyou clans …
As the number of clan members increased, the North-Leaning Bone Tower became more and more crowded.
Most of the time, the clan members moved around outside the bone tower. Only when the thousand-year time limit was up and the Judgment Light descended would they enter the bone tower to hide.
Over the past few years, the clan members had returned one after another. Naturally, it was very crowded.
At this moment, in the depths of the North-Leaning Bone Tower, there was a reddish-gold pillar engraved with a wolf, a lion, a crane, and an ape.
This was the symbol of the four major clans. The four major clans were the Spirit Wolf God Clan, the Celestial Lion Clan, the Hidden Crane Clan, and the Dark Ape Clan.
Below the golden pillar, a grey-robed exiled walked around and asked calmly, "Do you know what happened recently?"
Around this grey-robed man stood eight exiles. These eight exiles were the pillars of the four major clans.
Their strength was below average among the exiles. They could not fight against the exiles of the major clans. However, they were much stronger than the Aragami.
"I heard that the Nuwa Clan is doing something. They have joined forces with the Chiyou, Xuan Mi, Star Deer, and other major clans. However, I don't know what they are doing," a red-haired exiled exiled answered.
"These major clans are not very close to each other. Why are they suddenly joining forces?" another exiled exiled asked.
"Other than leaving this world, what else is worth their attention …"
The gray-robed Exile nodded and sighed. "Yes, it's said that they found a way to leave this world. Unfortunately, they didn't plan to bring us along …"
"Isn't it impossible to leave this prison? They are delusional! "The Red Bandit said hatefully.
Although they did not hold any grudges against the Nuwa Clan or the Chiyou Clan, they were still furious when they heard the news.
After all, they were all imprisoned in this world and couldn't wait to leave. What the Nuwa Clan was doing now made them feel like they had been abandoned!
"That's right, it's wishful thinking. We've tried so many times in the past, but we've never succeeded. This time, they're destined to fail again!" The other exiles echoed.
At this moment, the grey-robed exile said indifferently, "But it's said that they found two members of the warden's family. Moreover, these two people are traitors."
"What?!"
"How is this possible?!"
"The Warden Clan has never shown themselves. This must be a rumor!"
The exiles were shocked.
They did not want to believe it.
At the same time, they felt extremely disappointed. After all, they were willing to join the Nuwa Clan, but the Nuwa Clan looked down on them.
"Sigh, perhaps it's true this time." The grey-robed exile let out a long sigh.
The Nuwa Clan had made such a big fuss this time that they no longer planned to keep it a secret. Sect Master Ming Wei's actions were a disguised declaration of war against the Warden Clan.
"Do we really have no chance of joining them?"
"At the very least, we can do our part!"
"…"
Just as the exiles were discussing this, a figure descended from the sky.
A dark figure quietly descended into the northern bone pagoda. The black figure drifted over and immediately attracted the attention of the exiles.
"It's the Warden Clan." One of the exiles' face darkened.
None of the exiles welcomed these dark-skinned fellows.
Over the years, the Warden Clan had increased the frequency of patrols in the bone tower. They would patrol once every six months to a year.
They did not expect them to come again today.
Normally, these wardens would quickly leave after patrolling for a while. They never said a word, nor did they reveal their true faces.
However, this time, the Warden Clan member floated over to the exiles and slowly hovered in front of them.
All of the exiles raised their heads and looked puzzled. They did not know what this black figure wanted to do …
A short while later, the dark figure spoke abruptly, and the words he spoke caused the exiles to be tempted!
"Fellow exiles who have been imprisoned here, do you wish to obtain a chance to leave this world?"
At the same time …
In the Xuan Yuan Clan's Evil Mountain Bone Tower.
Due to the topography of the Evil Mountain Bone Tower, it formed a mountain of bones that resembled a pyramid. This was how the Evil Mountain Bone Tower got its name.
A young man sat at the top of this mountain of bones.
This man looked to be less than thirty years old. However, his slightly opened eyes revealed a sense of vicissitudes.
He was the most powerful exiled of the Xuan Yuan Clan, Yan Lai.
In front of Yan Lai, there was also a black figure floating. This black figure asked Yan Lai the same question in a low voice, "Do you want a chance to leave this world?"
Yan Lai's face was as calm as a still ancient well. However, his heart was pounding violently.
Yan Lai already knew what had happened to the Chiyou Clan and the Nuwa Clan. His Xuan Yuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan had always been at odds. It was the same here and in the mother world. Now that he had found a chance to leave this prison, the Xuan Yuan Clan naturally had no part in it.
However, Yan Lai would not give up. Given his character, no matter how powerful the Nuwa Clan was, his Xuan Yuan Clan would definitely stir up trouble. He would either take the Xuan Yuan Clan with him or leave with no one.
However, Yan Lai did not expect that the Warden Clan would take the initiative to show up. This was also the first time in countless years that they had communicated with him!

Chapter 2200
The black figure replied, "It's simple. Just kill two of them."
"You mean that pair of siblings?" Yan Hai asked with a smirk.
"Yes," the black figure replied.
The Xuanyuan Clan's intelligence network was much more powerful than the other clans. They knew more about the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan.
Moreover, the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan did not hide much about this matter. It was not difficult to find out.
Yan Hai looked at the black figure with interest and said, "So you're really afraid. That means that the pair of siblings is so important that you have no choice but to act."
The black figure was silent for a moment before replying, "Yes."
These exiles were extraordinarily intelligent. They only needed the slightest detail to discover the truth. It was too difficult to deceive them.
Therefore, the black figure admitted it directly.
Yan Hai pursed his lips and said, "I'm afraid the price is too high for me. After all, the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan should be doing their best to protect the pair of siblings. It will be very difficult to eradicate them. If I choose to join them, the Chiyou Clan will not be happy. However, if I pay a certain price, it won't be a big problem."
Yan Hai kept an eye on the black figure as he spoke.
Although Yan Hai could not see the black figure's expression, he could still guess what the black figure was thinking.
"The Xuanyuan Clan is indeed qualified to join them. However, even if you join them, it's impossible for you to leave this world," the black figure said. "I know you're testing me, but let me tell you this. Even if they find us through the pair of siblings and try to sever the curse chain, we'll wipe out this world. When that time comes, not only them, but also you and your Xuanyuan Clan will not be able to survive, even if you hide in the bone tower."
Yan Hai raised his eyebrows when he heard this.
He was trying to determine whether the black figure was telling the truth or not.
If the warden's clan could really do that, he would definitely not join the Nuwa Clan. He did not want to die with them.
However, if it was a lie …
This was a dilemma.
Then again, no matter which choice he made, it was easier than leaving this world.
Just as Yan Hai was considering, the black figure continued, "If you agree, the warden's clan will also help you behind the scenes. Apart from us, I believe there are many exiles who are willing to follow you."
The Nuwa Clan had only invited the top clans.
In addition to those large clans, there were also many smaller clans that were ranked at the bottom. Although these smaller clans were not that strong, they had quite a number of exiles. If they joined forces, they would be a considerable force.
Besides, the warden's family would be standing behind them.
Perhaps the warden's family would not choose to participate in the war directly, but this world was under their control, and they would certainly provide great assistance.
After pondering for a long time, Yan Hai's eyes flashed with determination. "I agree."
To be honest, Yan Hai might not hesitate if it was just the Chiyou Clan, but if the Nuwa Clan and a few other major clans were added into the mix, he was still very hesitant.
However, this opportunity was too important. He had to seize it.
In the other bone towers of this world, or in some hidden places, the wardens were persuading the exiles.
At first, it was difficult for the warden's family to convince them. After all, who would dare to go against those big families that were ranked at the top?
Therefore, the answers given by the exiles were all ambiguous. Their first choice was still to join the Nuwa Clan.
However, after the Xuanyuan Clan nodded, the weaker exiles quickly responded. After all, there was a big clan like the Xuanyuan Clan taking the lead. They just had to follow behind …
In the Nuwa Clan.
In the center of a huge hexagonal plaza, faint red ribbons of light formed a complicated pattern.
In the center of this pattern, Fu Chu was hanging upside down in midair. His eyes were tightly shut, and he did not move at all.
Above him was a huge shadow of Nuwa, holding him in its hands.
Ming Wei and Elder Jin had an agreement.
They set the time for two years later, after the Judgment Light descended.
Before that, Ming Wei was in charge of helping Fu Chu open up his inner world and doing her best to improve his cultivation.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As the huge shadow of Nuwa began to flicker, a powerful energy gathered in Fu Chu's dantian.
This energy was too violent. If his weak dantian were to withstand the impact of this energy, it would probably shatter into pieces …
Fu Chu, who had his eyes closed and had a peaceful expression, suddenly opened his eyes. His handsome face was twisted in pain, and his hands were waving like a drowning man.
Ming Wei looked at Fu Chu, and a look of approval appeared on her face. This child's talent was better than she had imagined.
"Fu Chu …"
Seeing her brother in such pain, Xiao Yun's face was filled with worry.
"It's alright. The Gatekeeper is doing it herself. Nothing will happen," a Nuwa Aragami comforted her.
"But the normal cultivation method is not this painful," Xiao Yun asked with a frown.
Inside the warden's family, there were also true gods who cultivated. Xiao Yun did not have the opportunity to do so back then. However, from what she had seen and heard, she knew that opening up a Divine Ocean was not that painful.
"It's because there's not enough time." The Aragami's eyes were sparkling as she stared at Fu Chu. Her face was filled with envy. "The Gatekeeper is directly helping Fu Chu construct his world. Naturally, it will be more painful. Such treatment is something that many of our core disciples would wish for …"
The Aragami of the Nuwa Clan rarely received such treatment. Now, many of them were looking at Fu Chu with envy.
With that said, Xiao Yun was relieved.
The Nuwa Aragami continued, "The Gatekeeper has instructed that if you're willing, I can transplant a Nuwa Clan bloodline into you. At the same time, I can provide you with desolate bones and bloodline desolate bones. You can use this time to cultivate."
"Transplant a bloodline …" Xiao Yun was slightly stunned.
Xiao Yun, who had lived in the Eternal Wasteland, naturally knew how precious a bloodline was.
Just a single bloodline desolate bone could be exchanged for unimaginable resources. However, the prerequisite for devouring these bloodline desolate bones was to possess the bloodline.
Bloodlines were naturally rarer than bloodline desolate bones. Furthermore, she could obtain a Nuwa Clan bloodline, which was the most powerful bloodline in this world …
After some consideration, Xiao Yun still rejected the offer.
Although she wanted to become stronger, and although the Freedom Party that she belonged to had betrayed the warden's family, she still needed to preserve her bloodline.