Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.2

Chapter 2492
The Controller
"That's Emperor Hanqing's face?" Hua Tianming was shocked when he saw the giant head.
The giant head was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it was behind Ling Shu and was about to swallow her whole.
Ling Shu's arm gently circled, and traces of brown primal fear power were released. They turned into a giant pillar and stuck in the mouth.
The head was made of mud, but its power was astonishing!
"Crack!"
Following a rumbling sound, the pillar that Ling Shu had transformed into suddenly broke, and the huge mouth trapped Ling Shu within.
"It's just a clay figurine. What's there to be afraid of?"
How could Li Luoshui allow her sister to be swallowed?
She immediately jumped up and pointed at the head with a red light in her hand.
"Whoosh!"
A crimson cone of light hit the center of the head.
"Pop!"
When the cone of light hit the head, it made a muffled sound.
Then, a thick crack appeared on the giant head. Half of the head was flipped over, and Ling Shu was able to escape.
Half of the head stopped moving, but the other half of the mouth let out a terrifying laugh.
"Hehehehe … leave the true demon body behind, and I'll let you go …"
The voice that came from the mouth was Emperor Hanqing's.
"It really is Emperor Hanqing!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose.
Li Luoshui raised her eyebrows, and her eyes flashed with a sharp light. She sneered: "You want to keep us here with your insignificant skills?"
"Insignificant skills … Hahahaha, then try it!" Emperor Hanqing's laughter came from the other half of the head.
"Rumble …"
The originally silent Abyss Demon Domain seemed to come alive at this moment.
Under the constant shaking, one giant head after another drilled out.
The entrance to the Abyss Demon Domain was a vast plain. Suddenly, tens of thousands of giant heads appeared on the plain.
These heads crowded together like moving mountains, flocking towards Luo Zheng and the others.
"Such power … such power …" Lingshu's jaw dropped. "The true demon body isn't the key to controlling the abyssal demonic realm. That's why Zheng 'er and Tianming couldn't control the abyssal demonic realm. Now the abyssal demonic realm is under the control of Emperor Hanqing …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Emperor Hanqing shouldn't be able to control the Abyss Devil Domain, right? At that time, Han Cangyan … "
When Dongfang Chunjun used the Yin Yang Furnace, Luo Zheng did not pay attention to Han Cangyan. He thought that Han Cangyan had also been sucked into the Yin Yang Furnace and died.
Hua Tianming frowned and said, "Han Cang Yan was secretly taken into his internal world by Emperor Han Qing. Han Cang Yan is his only hope of controlling the Abyss Devil Region. Emperor Han Qing would not give up his life so easily."
"Rumble …"
In the blink of an eye, those heads rushed over like a group of running elephants.
"These mud heads can't do anything to us." Li Luoshui had no intention of retreating.
She couldn't bear to leave her sister here alone. She wanted to advance and retreat with Lingshu.
If Li Luoshui didn't leave, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Chen Huang Yijian wouldn't leave either.
"If Emperor Hanqing really controls the Abyss Devil Region, no one here is his match! I won't die. Sister, you should leave quickly! " “
Lingshu finally panicked.
But Li Luoshui was not moved. The red light in her hand kept jumping. She held a light cone in her hand, ready to hit those giant heads at any time.
Helplessly, Lingshu's eyes flashed. Not far away, Emperor Hanqing's clone held his spear horizontally. A spatial tunnel appeared and forcibly sent Li Luoshui, Luo Zheng, and the others to the teleportation formation.
But Li Luoshui had already made up her mind. She gritted her teeth and was about to charge again …
"Emperor Hanqing can sever the connection of the True Demon Body. Even if Zheng 'er and Hua Tianming work together, he won't be afraid. Sister, even if you don't think for yourself, you have to think for Zheng' er. Don't tell me you want to drag them down with you?" Lingshu said sternly to Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui, who originally wanted to charge out, stopped abruptly …
Although she didn't know how Emperor Hanqing did it, but looking at the situation, he most likely controlled the Abyss Devil Region.
Emperor Hanqing himself hadn't arrived yet. If he could launch such a powerful attack from so far away, when he arrived, it would be even more troublesome.
"But …" Li Luoshui's face was filled with sorrow.
She really didn't want to leave her sister here to face Emperor Hanqing.
"Don't forget, I'm just a monster now. I won't die … I'll wait for you." Lingshu's expression calmed down.
She lightly tiptoed and flew back, rushing towards the giant heads. She was quickly drowned by them.
But even more heads were rushing towards the entrance.
"We should leave." Chen Huang Yijian said.
This was a helpless but correct choice. The only result of staying here was to be buried with them. After all, Lingshu could revive, but they couldn't.
Li Luoshui clenched her fists as a sense of helplessness welled up in her heart.
Thinking of her Zheng 'er, she could only make the decision to leave. She turned and stepped into a teleportation formation.
Before those giant heads rushed over, the teleportation formation flashed with spatial energy and enveloped everyone, quickly sending them into the spatial tunnel …
Just as they entered the spatial tunnel, the heads swarmed over and crushed the teleportation array to smithereens.
…
…
These few days, the Dongfang family, Mu family, Tang family, Leng family, Fang family … all of the floating islands belonging to the Wealthy Alliance were immersed in a tense and depressed atmosphere.
The reason was naturally because of the destruction of Dongfang Chunjun Huan Yu.
The guards guarding the teleportation formation were also somewhat listless …
If those rumors were true, their good days would probably come to an end.
The worst outcome could be imagined. If the Sword family and Xuanyue family jumped out, they would probably flip all of the floating islands belonging to the Wealthy Alliance into the Sea of Time.
These guards were also instructed by the elders in their family to always be on the lookout for the teleportation formation from the Abyss Demon Realm.
"Bang, bang …"
One of the Tang family's guards heard a strange sound and looked over. This strange sound came from the Abyss Demon Realm's teleportation formation. Waves of spatial fluctuations spread out from the teleportation formation.
"It's the Abyss Demon Realm. They're back! Quickly go and report! Haha! "The guard shouted loudly, which immediately attracted everyone's attention.
But the spatial fluctuations in the teleportation formation only lasted for a while before with a 'pop' sound, the entire teleportation formation collapsed!
The guards and a portion of the Tang family's disciples were also stunned.
This did not mean that someone was returning. Instead, it meant that the teleportation formation on the other side was destroyed.
"What's going on!"
"Someone destroyed the teleportation formation on the other side!"
"Doesn't that mean Lord Saint Emperor won't be able to return?"

Chapter 2493
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Oriental Horseshoe Crab
The destruction of the teleportation formation wasn't too serious a matter.
After all, the restriction at the entrance of the forbidden area was set up by the various major clans. After destroying it, they could rebuild the teleportation formation. However, after the teleportation formation was destroyed, there was bad news …
The Dongfang Family's teleportation formation was also destroyed.
However, when the teleportation formation was destroyed, the teleportation passage was separated from the space and cut across the sky like a blue dragon.
Within the body of this "dragon," there were a few spots of light that were moving rapidly in the spatial passage.
Because the Dongfang Family's teleportation formation was destroyed, the spatial passage deviated. Those spots of light rushed out of the spatial passage at an extremely high speed and smashed into the edge of the plaza on the Dongfang Family's floating island!
"Boom!"
More than half of the plaza collapsed, creating a huge crater.
This huge impact even caused the Dongfang Family's floating island to sink by two to three meters before slowly returning to its original position …
The Dongfang Family's guards dodged with all their might to avoid being hit.
After regaining their senses, the guards cast their gazes towards the pit.
There were four people standing in the crater …
They didn't recognize the others, except for Hua Tianming.
These years, Hua Tianming had been in and out of the forbidden area under the alias of Sky Sword, so the guards naturally recognized him.
"Sky Sword? You're back! "
"What happened in the forbidden area? How's the Saint Emperor? "
"Quick, quickly invite the clan's elders over!"
There was no need for these guards to invite them over …
This huge impact had already alerted the few people in charge of the Dongfang Family, and they were already flying over.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
These people had the cultivation of a quasi-sage, a Perfection True God, and a Saint.
This Saint was called Dongfang Horseshoe Crab. He sat on the Fusang Divine Tree all year round. He was very senior, but he rarely moved around in the world these years.
After the news of Dongfang Chunjun's death spread, the Dongfang Family immediately invited Dongfang Horseshoe Crab out of the mountain.
It was absolutely unacceptable that the number one clan didn't even have a Saint.
Dongfang Horseshoe Crab glanced at Li Luoshui and the others and asked, "Who are you? Why did you come out of the Abyss Devil Domain and step into the Dongfang Family's teleportation formation?"
Among these four people, one was a quasi-sage, two were Perfect True Gods, and one was a woman whose cultivation level could not be determined.
Although the Dongfang family had lost Dongfang Chunjun, their foundation was still there. Dongfang Huo had just come out of seclusion, so he didn't take them seriously.
Li Luoshui's expression was extremely cold.
All her thoughts were on Ling Shu …
Just as Lingshu had said, she would not die at all.
But if the Abyss Devil Domain was really under the control of Emperor Hanqing, what kind of torture would his sister suffer?
She was in a good mood after meeting Zheng 'er and obtaining a Blood Condensed Treasured Body. But now, her mood had hit rock bottom. Why would she care about this Eastern Horseshoe Crab's question?
Dongfang Liao's face darkened when he saw that these people didn't say anything. He was about to attack.
"Sky Sword! You're back? "At this moment, a middle-aged man beside Dongfang Huo said in surprise.
"Hengmin, do you know this man?" Dongfang Huo asked curiously.
The one who spoke was Dongfang Hengmin, the leader of the Dongfang Clan's Heng branch. He was Dongfang Yingqing's father and Hua Tianming's father-in-law.
Although Dongfang Hengmin was a quasi-sage, he stayed on the Fusang Divine Tree all year round and rarely came to the floating island.
This time, he was invited for the same reason as Dongfang Huo.
"Father-in-law." Hua Tianming cupped his hands towards Dongfang Hengmin.
Dongfang Hengmin was very satisfied with this son-in-law of his.
At their level of cultivation, it was difficult to find such an excellent match for their daughter.
Sky Sword's rapid rise in the past few years had earned Dongfang Chunjun's appreciation. He was vaguely on par with Dongfang Taiqing. Because of this, Dongfang Hengmin's Heng branch's status in the Fusang Divine Tree had risen a little.
Now that Sky Sword had returned safely, he rejoiced in his heart.
"Since you're back, tell me about the Wealthy Clan Alliance. My Dongfang Clan's Wu Sheng and Lin Sheng, what about them? And … "Dongfang Hengmin asked a long list of names.
Hua Tianming waited for Dongfang Hengmin to finish before calmly replying, "The Wealthy Clan Alliance has been completely destroyed. Chunjun Great Sage has also fallen. The others … other than the Sages who were sent back to the universe, everyone else is dead …"
"Hiss …" Dongfang Hengmin's expression was one of disbelief.
Everyone else's expression changed greatly as well.
Because of the collapse of Chunjun's universe, they could already imagine that the Wealthy Clan Alliance would suffer heavy losses.
But they never would've thought that the entire Wealthy Clan Alliance would be wiped out …
"Kid, speak clearly! How did Chunjun Great Sage fall? You! Why did you come back alive? "Dongfang Huo asked coldly.
Although Hua Tianming had snuck into the Dongfang Clan, he was still married to Dongfang Yingqing. Dongfang Hengmin treated this son-in-law extremely well.
Now, he was caught in a dilemma. Faced with Dongfang Huo's question, he raised his eyebrows slightly but didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng naturally felt the pressure from Hua Tianming.
He couldn't be blamed …
Hua Tianming had already done enough. In fact, he had sacrificed too much.
But this identity had to be torn apart …
Luo Zheng said loudly, "To be able to come back, you naturally relied on your strength. Chunjun Great Sage wasn't strong enough, so he naturally died. You've lived for so many years, yet you still don't understand such simple logic?"
Dongfang Huo was a Saint who had been famous for many years. How could he remain calm after being lectured by Luo Zheng, a Perfect True God? He was about to explode.
However, Dongfang Hengmin still asked the most important question, which puzzled everyone. "Sky Sword, how did Chunjun Great Sage fall?"
Hearing this question, Dongfang Huo suppressed his anger and quietly waited for Sky Sword to answer this question.
"Naturally, Brother Tianming and I worked together to kill him," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
The expressions of the guards present, the disciples of the floating island, and Dongfang Huo and the others in the sky all changed simultaneously.
Of course, they wouldn't believe Luo Zheng's words …
However, this mere Perfect True God dared to talk nonsense on the Dongfang Clan's floating island. If he wasn't an idiot, then he must have something to rely on. They also wondered what Luo Zheng's reliance was.
"Who do you think you are? How dare you …"
Dongfang Huo finally exploded. He raised his hand and grabbed toward Luo Zheng.
However, just as he was about to make a move, Li Luoshui, who had been in a bad mood, suddenly made her move. How could she tolerate this person disrespecting her son?
"Noisy!"
Li Luoshui raised her hand, and a crimson cone of light shot toward Dongfang Huo. It made a sharp whistling sound in the air.
Whoosh!
The crimson cone of light was only three inches long, but it was extremely ferocious. The power contained in this cone of light terrified this Saint.
Dongfang Huo didn't expect this group of people to make the first move. Moreover, their first move was to take his life …
At this moment, it was too late for him to dodge. He clenched his teeth and forcefully retracted his hand that was grabbing toward Luo Zheng. Then, he grabbed the cone of light with both hands!
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
"Crack …"
Dongfang Huo clawed out six or seven times in one breath.
Every claw was able to slightly obstruct the crimson cone of light ….
However, Dongfang Huo's expression became more and more unsightly. The energy in the crimson cone of light didn't weaken at all. It shot toward him like a deadly rope.
After sensing that his life was in danger, Dongfang Huo unleashed all the Dao Accumulation he had accumulated throughout his life. He formed a faint golden phantom of a large bell that enveloped him.
Dong!
The crimson cone of light smashed onto the large bell, and a melodious bell sound reverberated.
This bell sound could be heard very clearly even by the people on the other floating islands …
Clap …
However, this large phantom of the bell only blocked the cone of light for a moment before it shattered into powder.
The cone of light pierced through Dongfang Huo's chest, leaving a triangular hole in his chest …

Chapter 2494
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Breaking the Guqin Formation
The other members of the Dongfang Family had ugly looks on their faces.
Dongfang Chunjun wasn't here, so Dongfang Huo was their backup. However, this backup couldn't even withstand a single attack from the other party …
The other secondary sage from the Dongfang Family frowned slightly as a small jade guqin appeared in his hand.
He suddenly raised the jade guqin and shouted, "Activate the formation!"
The small jade guqin suddenly trembled …
The entire floating island of the Dongfang Family was trembling in a small area.
The Dongfang Family had occupied the first floating island for so many years, and everything on the floating island was very complete.
The floating island looked the same as the other clans, but the inside of the floating island was woven with the broken branches of the Fusang Divine Tree. All the branches and the divine patterns worked together to form a huge array inside the floating island.
Someone once said that this formation would never be used because no one dared to mess around on the Dongfang Family's floating island.
However, the world was fickle. A month ago, the Dongfang Family was the pearl above everyone in the divine realm. Their position was stable, but a month later, they were in imminent danger …
"Buzz …"
As the floating island trembled, rings of light appeared everywhere on the floating island.
Almost every disciple of a wealthy family saw these rings of light. Some of the disciples further away didn't know what was going on, but they understood the meaning of these rings of light and stepped into them without hesitation.
Plop, plop …
Regardless of whether they were Paragons or ordinary True Gods, they all stepped into the rings of light and knelt on one knee. At the same time, they contributed the power of faith from their internal worlds while chanting.
"Vast Dongfang, prosper for me. Titan of Wei, control my divine sun …"
They were chanting the ancestral teachings of the Dongfang Family. Because the Dongfang Family occupied the Fusang Divine Tree, they were the first to see the sun every day in the divine realm. Since then, they had claimed that the sun belonged to their family.
The surging power of faith was quickly transmitted through the rings of light under their feet and gathered on the jade guqin in the secondary sage's hand.
At this moment, this jade guqin exploded with a terrifying aura!
This aura spread out and radiated to the floating island below …
The Han Family, the Leng Family, the Tang Family …
The people on the floating islands all raised their heads and looked up with serious expressions.
"What a powerful aura!"
"It's the Dongfang Family … What's going on? Is a powerful enemy invading? Who is so bold? "
"Heh, don't forget that Dongfang Chunjun is dead. If the Xuanyue Clan and the Sword Clan want to bully them, who in the Dongfang Clan can stop them?"
"The Dongfang family has a strong foundation …"
"Foundation? Foundation is nothing … "
Other than the members of the Wealthy Alliance, the other Wealthy Families were gloating.
That quasi-sage held the jade zither and said indifferently, "This is the first time this Pleasant Sea Smoke Array has been used since it was built … If you surrender yourselves, I can remove this array. If you resist, don't blame me for being impolite!"
Dongfang Hengmin also stood in a circle of light and contributed the power of faith from his inner world. He then said, "Tianjian, I don't know what happened in the Abyss Demonic Realm, but there are some things that can be explained clearly!"
Hua Tianming sorted out the conflict in her heart and finally decided to stand up for herself.
He cupped his hands towards Dongfang Hengmin and said, "My apologies, Father-in-law. My real name is not 'Heavenly Sword'. My name is Hua Tianming, and I come from the Great Evolution Universe."
Dongfang Hengmin was slightly taken aback by Hua Tianming's words.
In fact, Dongfang Hengmin had also suspected Hua Tianming's background.
The Dongfang Clan was very closed when it came to marriage. Most of them married their own clansmen, and they rarely married outsiders. However, Dongfang Yingqing was determined to follow Tianjian, and Dongfang Hengmin couldn't do anything about it.
Who would have thought that this brat was a member of the Dongfang Clan's mortal enemy?
"You're Hua Tianming … Then, that brat said that you and he worked together to kill our Saint Emperor. Is that true?" Dongfang Hengmin asked excitedly.
Hua Tianming pursed her lips and said seriously, "Yes."
"Shameless brat, you're full of nonsense. Since you have no regrets, I can only refine you into dust!" The quasi-sage holding the jade zither finally made his move.
The jade zither gently swayed, and the strings emitted a myriad of colors. It was like a blue mist, and it had a unique charm. However, this charm hid a powerful killing intent.
"Hehe, since you don't believe me, I can only prove it to you!" Luo Zheng stepped into the air and smiled coldly. "When I first stepped onto the floating island, I wanted to massacre your Dongfang Clan's floating island one day! However, things have changed with the passage of time, and I've already taken my revenge. I don't want to take any more lives … "
After saying this, a longsword appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
Red lotuses containing a destructive aura spread out along the edge of the sword.
When the Dongfang Clan's members saw these red lotuses, their eyelids couldn't help but twitch …
"How can there be such a tyrannical and terrifying power!?"
"Is this brat really a Paragon True God?"
"Even a Sage would find it hard to control this power, right?"
Luo Zheng stood upright in the air, holding the red lotus longsword. He had no intention of attacking.
"Arrogant brat, die!" The quasi-sage plucked the zither strings.
The originally calm zither music suddenly became hurried, unrestrained, and filled with killing intent.
The light emitted by the zither strings transformed into multi-colored light swords that shot toward Luo Zheng!
Facing these light swords, Luo Zheng didn't dodge and allowed them to strike his body!
Dong dong …
The power of these light swords wasn't weaker than a Sage's attack.
The Dongfang Clan's formation relied on the Fusang Divine Wood to set up, and its efficiency and power were indeed astonishing.
However, they were facing Luo Zheng.
Hundreds of light swords struck Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng was still unharmed.
"This …" Dongfang Hengmin and the others stared blankly at Luo Zheng in the air.
"This is a technique that can kill a Sage, but it has no effect on that brat?"
"He seems to be completely unharmed …"
"Where did this freak come from …"
The Dongfang Clan's members were all dumbfounded.
Even the quasi-sage controlling the zither was the same. However, the murderous intent on his sinister face became more and more intense, and the frequency at which he plucked the zither became faster and faster!
"I don't believe you can block all of them!" the quasi-sage roared.
However, Luo Zheng didn't even look at him. Instead, he lowered his head and said to Hua Tianming, "Brother Tianming, it's your turn …"
When the light swords struck, apart from leaving a golden halo on Luo Zheng's body, most of the energy was transferred to Hua Tianming below …
Hua Tianming nodded and also drew out Sword Tengshe.
When the first chill gathered at the tip of the sword, Hua Tianming changed the direction of Sword Tengshe and suddenly stabbed it into the ground!
Countless ice flowers circled around Hua Tianming, and these ice flowers eventually rushed toward Sword Tengshe and poured into the ground.
These ice flowers could freeze all energy. When a huge amount of ice flowers poured into the ground, the branches of the Fusang Divine Wood on the floating island instantly froze and froze …
The foundation of the Pleasant Sea Smoke Formation relied on the branches of the Fusang Divine Wood. When these branches were all frozen, the entire formation naturally broke.

Chapter 2495
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Complicated Feelings
The halos beneath the disciples of the floating island had all disappeared.
Not only did the halos disappear, but there was also a chill coming from the ground.
Two Perfected True Gods had broken the Euphoric Sea Smoke Array just like that …
When the few secondary saints saw this scene, the astonishment in their hearts was indescribable.
Especially Dongfang Huo, who had been seriously injured by Li Luoshui.
He had only been back for a few days, but he had already encountered two such monstrous youths. There was a hint of panic and unfamiliarity in his heart. This era didn't seem to belong to these old monsters anymore.
At this moment, an emerald green figure quickly ran over from not far away.
It was Dongfang Yingqing.
She had rushed over as soon as she heard the commotion at the teleportation formation.
But halfway there, the quasi-sage activated the formation, so she could only kneel and contribute her power of faith.
After the formation disappeared, she continued to rush over.
The first person she saw was Hua Tianming.
"Tian Jian!"
Dongfang Yingqing couldn't suppress the joy in her heart.
She had been restless for days and nights, but in the end, her husband had finally returned.
"Yingqing," Hua Tianming also called out.
Dongfang Yingqing was about to rush over to Hua Tianming, but Dongfang Hengmin blocked her way. "Yingqing, do you know … who Tian Jian is?"
Dongfang Yingqing looked at her father, then at Hua Tianming. She already understood.
Hua Tianming's identity must have been exposed …
Of course, Dongfang Yingqing knew that there was something wrong with Hua Tianming's identity.
When this man had carried her and ran wildly through that abandoned city, she had already been unable to extricate herself. That was why she had taken the initiative to help him hide his identity, allowing him to successfully infiltrate the Dongfang family.
"I know," Dongfang Yingqing replied without a change in expression.
Dongfang Hengmin looked pained, and he asked again, "Then do you know that this person harmed the Dongfang family?"
Dongfang Yingqing glanced at Hua Tianming and nodded. "I, I … also know."
Actually, Dongfang Yingqing didn't know what Hua Tianming would do, but she knew that Hua Tianming hadn't spent so much effort to sneak into the Dongfang family for fun.
At this moment, Dongfang Yingqing had already made up her mind. No matter what happened, she would still stand on Hua Tianming's side.
"You …" Dongfang Hengmin's face was livid as he looked at his daughter. "Do you know that if Dongfang Chunjun really died at the hands of that brat, it would be my daughter who killed the Sacred Emperor? I … I, and the entire Hengmin family would be shamed!"
Hearing Dongfang Hengmin's words, Dongfang Yingqing's face was filled with disbelief.
No matter how powerful her husband was, it was impossible for him to kill the Saint Emperor …
She turned around and stared at Hua Tianming with a questioning look, hoping that Hua Tianming would deny this fact. However, Hua Tianming only looked at her silently and did not open his mouth to deny it.
It was true …
At this moment, Dongfang Yingqing's emotions became complicated.
In Dongfang Yingqing's heart, no matter what Hua Tianming did, she could forgive him.
But he killed the Dongfang Family's Sacred Emperor! He was the god in the hearts of the Dongfang Family's millions, an existence that could not be defied.
At this moment, Dongfang Yingqing was also stunned, and her mind went blank.
Dongfang Yingqing, who grew up in the Dongfang Family, naturally knew this …
Hua Tianming also looked at Dongfang Yingqing with a pleading gaze. Perhaps when he revealed his identity to Dongfang Chunjun, he had expected this day to come. His heart was also filled with pain.
However, at this moment, Li Luoshui sneered. "This girl is so beautiful. How could she bring shame to the Dongfang Family? I think she saved your Dongfang Family! "
Dongfang Hengmin glared at Li Luoshui angrily. "I, Dongfang Hengmin, may not be strong enough, but I won't allow you to humiliate me like this!"
Li Luoshui shook her head. "Based on the enmity between my Luo Family and your Dongfang Family, is it too much to kill Dongfang Chunjun and the entire Dongfang Family?"
Hearing this, Dongfang Hengmin, Dongfang Huo, and the others' expressions changed drastically …
Not only could she say it, but she could also do it.
"For the sake of this little girl, we don't plan to do that." Li Luoshui blinked and smiled faintly at the beautiful Dongfang Yingqing.
She knew the ins and outs of Hua Tianming infiltrating the Dongfang Family, and naturally knew that he had sacrificed too much for the Luo Family, so she stood up at this time.
"In that case, this girl will be the savior of your Dongfang Family. Am I wrong?" Li Luoshui continued.
Actually, Li Luoshui's words were completely twisted logic.
However, the so-called "logic" in the Realm of the Gods was just a foundation for strength.
When the Dongfang Family lost power, they naturally had no logic.
If they made things difficult for this little girl, they would kill their entire family. Li Luoshui was actually making a blatant threat.
Everyone in the Dongfang Family fell silent. They knew that they could not refute this twisted logic, nor did they dare to refute it.
Li Luoshui winked at Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming walked toward Dongfang Yingqing and took her hand.
Dongfang Yingqing hesitated. She glanced at her father, then looked at Hua Tianming. She made a decision and left with Hua Tianming resolutely …
After Li Luoshui finished speaking, her gaze fell on Dongfang Huo Xie. "There's one more thing. I'm afraid I'll have to trouble you to come with me to the Fusang Divine Tree."
"What else?"
Dongfang Huo Xie replied coldly. Right now, he only wanted to send this group of malefactors away as soon as possible.
"My husband is dead and is being suppressed in the Fusang Divine Tree. Is it time to return him?" Li Luoshui said coldly.
Hearing his mother's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He had been in the Realm of the Gods for a long time, but he still did not know where his father was. Logically speaking, if his father was dead, he should be reincarnating in the Dayan Universe …
Dongfang Huo Xie's eyes flashed, but he knew that he was powerless to resist this woman, so he could only nod in the end.
After healing his wounds, he stood up and led them to the other side of the plaza.
Half of the plaza where the teleportation formation was located was destroyed, but the other half of the teleportation formations were not damaged. One of the teleportation formations was the widest, and it led to the Fusang Divine Tree.
Under Dongfang Huo Xie's lead, Luo Zheng and the others stepped into the teleportation formation.
After Luo Zheng and the others left, the Dongfang Family members present sighed in relief. They had temporarily sent this group of malefactors away …
"I wonder if they'll make a move on the Fusang Divine Tree?"
"It's useless even if they have the Fusang Divine Tree behind them. With Dongfang Huo Xie's strength, he's no match for them …"
"I'm afraid our Dongfang Family is doomed this time. That woman said she wouldn't exterminate our family, but once we settle the score with the Luo Family, how can they let us go?"

Chapter 2496
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Luo Xiao
The Fusang Divine Tree was located in the far east of the Deity Dominion.
The roots of the gigantic tree were intertwined and intertwined, and the longest one even penetrated a few large regions.
The main trunk of the Fusang Divine Tree extended to the horizon, forming a huge cloud cover.
Standing on top of the cloud cover, one could see a vast sea of clouds as far as the eye could see. Its aura was majestic and extraordinary. Compared to the Sword Tribe's non-offensive Earth Tree, the Fusang Divine Tree had a trace of spirituality and vastness.
The Eastern Divine City was built on top of the cloud cover.
In the center of the Eastern Divine City was the Celestial Pole Tower.
There was a huge teleportation formation at the top of the tower, which was connected to the Dongfang Family's floating island.
There was a limit to the floating island, and the Dongfang Family had many disciples.
Every year, there would be outstanding geniuses who wanted to enter the Celestial Pole Tower and enter the Dongfang Family's floating island.
In the eyes of the Dongfang Family, entering the tower meant success.
"Buzz …"
The teleportation formation at the top of the Celestial Pole Tower started to shine.
Then, a figure stepped out. It was Eastern Horseshoe Crab.
There were six Perfected True Gods guarding the two sides of the Celestial Pole Tower.
These six Perfected True Gods had a high status in the Dongfang Family.
The news of the Chun Jun Grand Sage's death didn't reach the Fusang Divine Tree. After all, the floating island was far away, and the only shortcut was this teleportation formation. It wasn't difficult to guard the news.
However, the core members of the Dongfang Family naturally knew about it.
"Lord Dongfang Huo! Why are you back? "
The leading Great Perfection Real God took a glance and saw Dong Fang Huo's injuries. He looked concerned.
Following closely behind Dongfang Huo were Li Luoshui, Luo Zheng, and Hua Tianming.
"Who are they?" The leader of the Perfected True Gods asked.
Dongfang Huo shook his head and said to the Perfected True God, "Dongfang Xun, just lead the way for them. Don't talk too much!"
Dongfang Xun's expression froze when he saw Dongfang Huo's energetic appearance, but he refused to lead the way.
"Lord Dongfang Huo, who are these people? Our Fusang Divine Tree doesn't allow outsiders to enter as they wish! "Dongfang Xun said coldly.
The Dongfang Family had been powerful for so many years, how could they allow ordinary people to enter?
Moreover, Li Luoshui's True Gods couldn't tell their cultivation, while Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were Perfected True Gods, God, and only Chen Yijian, Chen Yijian, who was a quasi-sage. was.
This bit of strength was not enough to be impudent on the Fusang Divine Tree.
Dongfang Xun didn't even Dongfang Huo.
Li Luo Shui frowned and said to Dong Fang Huo, "Tell your people to behave. Don't force me to kill."
She had already suppressed her temper when she returned to the floating island.
He, Tian,,,, that was, Was,,,,,,,, Was, Was....
, Was...., Was., Was...
Now that she was anxious to see her husband, how could she be willing to waste time with these guards?
"Dongfang Xun! Don't be a busybody. Lead us to Cage Island, "Dongfang Huo ordered.
But Dongfang Xun was stubborn. He saw that Dongfang Huo had a problem, and his expression became stern. "Lord Dongfang Huo, as the guard of the teleportation formation, I won't allow people of unknown origin to enter. Even if Great Sage Chunjun is here, I'll still ask —"
"Pfft!"
Before Dongfang Xun could finish his words, a crimson ray of light had already pierced through his head. He didn't even know what had happened before he collapsed and rolled down the gold-plated steps of the Celestial Pole Pagoda …
Li Luoshui raised her hand. There were still a few light cones in her hand, emitting a terrifying aura.
The other five Perfected True Gods stared at this woman. Their mouths were wide open, and they couldn't say a word.
Dongfang Huo closed his eyes, his face full of pain. "Didn't I tell you to stop talking …"
The clansmen on the Fusang Divine Tree didn't know what happened on the floating island. They were still immersed in the dream of being the number one clan. They didn't know that the Dongfang Family was already a fish on the chopping block …
Dongfang Yingqing held Hua Tianming's hand tightly and bit her lip. Her face was pale. After all, it was her clansmen who had died. She was under a lot of pressure.
"Lead the way. If you say another word, I'll kill you," Li Luoshui said coldly. Her murderous intent spread out, giving people a strong sense of oppression.
After realizing the difference in strength, these Perfected True Gods finally understood that Dongfang Huo had brought back a few malefactors …
Although they were puzzled.
What right did these people have to barge into the Dongfang Family's floating island? What right did they have to kidnap Dongfang Huo back to the Fusang Divine Tree?
But since they were powerless to resist, they could only lead the way obediently …
Dongfang Xun's corpse falling from the Celestial Pole Tower attracted the attention of many Dongfang Family clansmen. They looked over with gloomy and unfriendly gazes, but no one dared to say anything.
The Fusang Divine Tree was very tall. Even if one jumped from the Fusang Divine Tree and landed on the ground, it would still take several days.
The Dongfang Family had built teleportation formations all over the Fusang Divine Tree. They led Luo Zheng and the others to the teleportation formation that led to Cage Island.
Cage Island was the place where the Dongfang Family imprisoned important criminals. It was located at the bottom of the Fusang Divine Tree.
The Dongfang Family's important criminals were imprisoned on the island …
Some were clansmen who had betrayed the family, and some were villains who had offended the Dongfang Family.
However, there was a very strange prison in the center of Cage Island.
The person imprisoned in this prison wasn't a living person, but a dead person …
Strictly speaking, this dead person wasn't completely dead. He was in a half-dead state.
Every time this half-dead person was about to die, a large formation in the prison would be activated. This formation was integrated with the Life Divine Dao. It would inject a small amount of life force into this "living dead" person's body to ensure that he wouldn't really die.
The Dongfang Family clansmen knew that the person imprisoned in this prison was the Luo Family's Saint.
The method to kill a Saint was very complicated. Not only did they have to destroy his body, but they also had to destroy the Saint's universe.
The Dongfang Family couldn't destroy the Dayan Universe in a short period of time. They could only raise Luo Xiao like this.
They didn't let him live, but they also didn't let him die. This was because once Luo Xiao died, he would quickly be reborn in the Dayan Universe.
This method of imprisoning Saints wasn't invented by the Dongfang Family.
Dongfang Huo Xie led the group to the gate of this prison very quickly.
"Open the gate of the prison," Dongfang Huo Xie ordered loudly.
The guards in front of the prison gate were only two middle-level True Gods. They didn't dare to disobey Dongfang Huo Xie's order like Dongfang Xun did. They hurriedly opened the gate of the prison.
"Creak …"
This gate hadn't been opened for many years. It quickly emitted an indescribable smell of blood and mold.
Luo Zheng was the first to step in. He saw a broken body lying in the center of an emerald green formation.

Chapter 2497
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Reunion
Luo Zheng stared at the "living dead", searching for the familiarity in his heart.
Sometimes, Luo Zheng himself had many doubts …
Was his father the same person as Luo Xiao in front of him?
"Whoosh …"
Before Luo Zheng could move, Li Luoshui had already taken a big step forward and pounced on Luo Xiao, hugging him in her arms.
"Buzz …"
When she hugged Luo Xiao's body, the surrounding array reacted.
An extremely powerful force pressed down on Luo Xiao …
"Soul suppression …" Chen Huang Yijian frowned slightly.
It was not easy to suppress a Saint, especially a Saint like Luo Xiao.
A cold light flashed in Li Luoshui's eyes, and she was about to destroy the array in the prison.
Dongfang Huo, who was at the entrance of the prison, quickly said, "No, no, if you destroy this array, Luo Xiao will die immediately."
The reason why Luo Xiao did not die was all because of this array.
"What should we do?" Li Luoshui asked coldly.
"Wait for me to remove the one suppressing the soul in this array," Dongfang Huo said.
Then, he walked to the edge of the array and reached into the eye of the array to control it.
"Buzz …"
The array on the ground suddenly flashed, and the force suppressing Luo Xiao's soul gradually disappeared.
The moment this force disappeared, Luo Xiao's body shook violently …
After a while, Luo Xiao slowly woke up. His eyes were still confused. He stared at Li Luoshui's face for a long time, and the light in his eyes became brighter and brighter.
"Luoshui … Luoshui … Am I dreaming?"
Luo Xiao made a dry sound from his throat.
His body had been suppressed for so long, and his body's functions had been extremely deteriorated. His soul had been suppressed for so long, and it was very decayed.
"Husband …" A line of hot tears rolled down Li Luoshui's eyes. "You're not dreaming. Dongfang Chunjun has been killed, and even his universe has collapsed."
Luo Xiao's eyes became brighter and brighter, and his voice became stronger. "Dongfang Chunjun is dead? Who killed him? "
Although Li Luoshui was crying, a gratified smile hung on the corner of her mouth. She looked up at Luo Zheng at the entrance of the prison and said, "It's your son … our son."
"Kacha …"
Luo Xiao had almost exhausted the last bit of energy stored in his body. He raised his head and looked at the prison gate.
He hadn't moved for countless years. When he raised his head, a series of strange sounds came from his spine.
"Father …"
Luo Zheng's mind was also stirred.
When he first saw Luo Xiao, he felt very unfamiliar.
She was unable to place this person who was like a flickering candle in front of her into her father's memory.
The impression that his father gave him was one of boundless vitality and broad shoulders …
But now, when he saw Luo Xiao's eyes, they finally overlapped with the father in his memories.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng stepped over and knelt on one knee in front of Luo Xiao.
Luo Xiao looked at his son with a gratified expression. He nodded slightly and said, "Since we were separated when we were young, this should not be the first time we have met."
"No … I saw you in the Great Yan Universe," Luo Zheng replied.
Luo Xiao took a deep breath and said, "Very good. When Gu Bei suggested this, I still had some doubts. I didn't expect you to do even better than I expected …"
Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and Jiu Sheng had jointly arranged this glimmer of hope. Rather than calling it hope, it was better to call it a desperate and desperate method.
But Luo Zheng's subsequent performance had far exceeded everyone's expectations.
Even Yu Taibai hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would accidentally kill Dongfang Chunjun in the Abyss Demon Realm.
Luo Zheng held Luo Xiao's rough hand, his expression very emotional. "This child will never dare to forget father's teachings …"
However, Luo Xiao shook his head. "It's been hard on you. If I had the means, I would have let you live a carefree life on the floating island, just like those wealthy families. But after you were born, you were subjected to countless adversity and torment. Don't blame me as your father …"
"Why would I blame you …" Luo Zheng looked like he was about to choke.
Since he left the eastern territory, Luo Zheng had indeed suffered too many hardships, but all of these hardships were great experiences. He was like an unpolished jade that had never been hammered, and he'd finally transformed into a sharp sword that shone with a boundless sharpness after being tempered by those hardships.
The family of three gathered here and murmured to each other, all three sighing with emotion.
After an incense stick's worth of time …
Luo Xiao said, "Luoshui, kill me …"
Hearing her husband's request, Li Luoshui's eyes flashed. "Why?"
"My body has already decayed and is difficult to repair. Why don't I be reborn in the universe? That way, I won't have to expend anything and can quickly recover my strength …" Luo Xiao said.
In addition, there were also the memories of the soul fragment in the universe. Luo Xiao wanted to recover them bit by bit in the universe.
Li Luoshui pursed her lips, a trace of hesitation in her eyes.
Although she knew that killing Luo Xiao was only for the sake of rebirth, she was still somewhat hesitant to personally end his life.
Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was also somewhat hesitant in his heart …
"Let me do it, Master." Chen Huang Yijian stood up at this time. He chuckled indifferently. "At most, Senior Brother Taibai will blame me for the crime of killing my master."
Luo Xiao looked at Chen Huang Yijian, then looked at Hua Tianming not far away. He smiled and nodded gently.
These people were all personally created by him. These faces were all familiar to him …
Chen Huang Yijian wielded his sword and slashed out a sword light. Under this sword light, the large formation in the prison was broken.
The broken formation could no longer provide Luo Xiao with life force. Luo Xiao's aura rapidly declined, and he peacefully "died".
Li Luoshui stored Luo Xiao's body in the Sumeru Space. Although this broken body was no longer Luo Xiao when it died, and the real Luo Xiao would be reborn in the Great Evolution Universe, she wouldn't just leave it here.
After keeping Luo Xiao's body, Li Luoshui looked at Dongfang Huo indifferently and said coldly, "Zheng 'er, let's go!"
Seeing that Li Luoshui and the others were about to leave, Dongfang Huo breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.
He was afraid that this group of fiends would see Luo Xiao's miserable state and destroy the entire Fusang Divine Tree in anger …
…
…
The bottom of the Abyss Demon Realm was constantly rumbling.
"Rumble …"
A majestic palace rose from the ground. It was like a rapidly growing tree, forcibly growing such a palace.
The demons below were all pale with fright. They didn't know why such a change happened.
"Didn't that woman leave?"
"Where are the others? Are there still people who haven't come out of the ice palace! "
"Then who is this person? To be able to create this palace like this, what kind of ability does he have … "

Chapter 2498
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Ring
Under the watchful eyes of the demons, Han Cangyan slowly walked down the stairs in the center of the palace.
Han Cangyan's body was surrounded by a pure black aura.
The aura spiraled up around him, quickly gathering behind his back to form a pair of giant wings, exuding an aura that inspired reverence.
These fearless Evil Demon Clan members also had expressions of fear on their faces after sensing this person's aura.
Step by step, he walked down and glanced at the demons. Then, he said, "Submit!"
It was just a simple word, but it contained absolute authority.
The demons were extremely arrogant. Lingshu had been in the Abyss Demon Realm for so many years, but she couldn't make them submit to her.
But with one word from Han Cangyan, all the demons couldn't help but kneel.
After the fall of the Great Demons, the other demons wanted to become Great Demons in the shortest time possible. So during this time, the demons had been desperately devouring other fearsome creatures, and their bodies had grown larger.
Thump! Thump!
Thump! Thump!
Thump!
In front of Han Cangyan, the demons all knelt.
Even the little demons, who had always been difficult to command, knelt on the ground, looking at the man in front of them with reverence.
Then, Han Cangyan boldly sat on the thick steps.
Another figure walked out of the palace. It was Han Cangyan's father, Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing revealed a satisfied look when he saw what was happening around the palace.
Emperor Hanqing glanced at Han Cangyan, and the latter raised his right hand to his father.
A fiery red ring was embedded on the middle finger of Han Cangyan's right hand. When Emperor Hanqing's gaze fell on the ring, his eyes turned red. He couldn't help but reach out to stroke the ring.
However, the moment he touched the ring, his finger melted.
The pain instantly woke Emperor Hanqing up.
This was a mistake he had made before …
Saints weren't allowed to control the Abyss Demon Realm. When he stepped into the cellar and saw the ring, he couldn't help but reach out to the ring. His finger had melted once in an instant.
Fortunately for Saints, losing a finger or two was a small injury that could be healed in an instant.
Helpless, Emperor Han Qing could only release Han Cangyan from his inner world.
He was very glad that when Dongfang Chunjun summoned the Yin Yang Cauldron, he had saved Han Cangyan and brought him back to his inner world, saving him a chance to control the Abyssal Demon Domain.
Everything was decided by fate. This meant that the Abyss Demon Region should have belonged to him, Emperor Hanqing thought with satisfaction.
"Bring that woman over," Emperor Hanqing ordered.
Han Cangyan nodded woodenly, the ring on his middle finger emitting a circle of dark red light.
The entire Abyssal Demon Domain began to tremble slightly …
The demons prostrating on the ground revealed curious expressions. Something seemed to be approaching them at high speed from an extremely distant place.
"Rumble …"
The billowing smoke formed a thin line that extended high into the sky.
Soon, a gigantic head appeared in the Abyss Devils' peripheral vision.
The head rolled all the way to the front of the palace and even crushed some demons. Those demons couldn't get up and could only watch as the head crushed them into the ground. Fortunately, their bodies could withstand the damage.
The head opened its mouth and spat out a person. This person was none other than Ling Shu.
Ling Shu was in an extremely sorry state. She lay on the ground, glaring at Emperor Hanqing with dark eyes.
The demons were slightly surprised to see Lingshu like this.
The demons were the strongest in the Abyssal Demon Domain, and this woman was the only one they feared. They hadn't expected her to be unable to escape.
Emperor Hanqing leapt down from the stairs and slowly walked towards Ling Shu.
Just as he was about to speak, a spatial ripple suddenly shot towards Ling Shu.
Emperor Hanqing's clone had been hiding in the sky this entire time. Now he was going to rescue Ling Shu.
Emperor Hanqing turned his head to look at Han Cangyan, who raised his hand. With a flash of light from his ring, the spatial tunnel created by the Taihe Divine Spear disappeared.
Emperor Hanqing's clone screamed in agony. His entire body twisted, and even the Taihe Divine Spear was broken.
"Crack crack crack …"
Emperor Hanqing's clone quickly disintegrated into strands of faith power and drifted away with the wind.
"What a stubborn woman. The Abyssal Demon Domain is under my control. Even if you escape, where can you go? Do you think the black water will protect you? "Emperor Hanqing sneered.
Ling Shu's eyes trembled as she stared at the ground in front of her. She didn't say a word.
Emperor Hanqing reached out and pinched Ling Shu's face. "I know you're a monster of the Forbidden Lands. You can't be killed, but I have ten thousand ways to torture you …"
Just as Emperor Hanqing spoke, a brown spike shot out from Lingshu's fingertip.
If this spike pierced Emperor Hanqing's head, it would be enough to shatter his soul.
However, the spike only reached Emperor Hanqing's chin before it stopped.
No matter how much Ling Shu urged her primal fear power, the spike couldn't move forward.
Emperor Hanqing smiled and shook his head. "Not a bad woman … Submit to me as well."
As soon as he spoke …
Han Cangyan activated the ring.
An invisible force pressed against Ling Shu's body.
She fell to her knees in front of Emperor Hanqing with a thud.
However, her face was still filled with defiance. Her eyes were wide open, revealing a different kind of charm.
"Everything in the Abyssal Demon Domain is my resource. You're not bad, especially with your near-perfect duplication ability. If you follow me, we can conquer the entire divine realm …" Emperor Hanqing said calmly.
"Dream on!" Ling Shu couldn't help but snort. "So what if you control the Abyssal Demon Domain? The divine realm isn't as simple as you think it is …"
Emperor Hanqing shook his head. "You're talking about the Nirvana Realm experts, aren't you?"
Ling Shu's eyes flashed. "You know?"
Emperor Hanqing pointed at his head. "I have all of Dongfang Chunjun's memories here …"
Dongfang Chunjun's memories included the Xuanyuan Guard's memories, as well as those of the Nirvana Realm experts outside the divine realm. He knew everything Dongfang Chunjun knew.
"If you want to replace Dongfang Chunjun, the Xuanyuan Guard won't let you go," Ling Shu said.
Luo Zheng had briefly explained the situation in the divine realm, so Ling Shu knew that the Xuanyuan Guard stood behind Dongfang Chunjun.

Chapter 2499
Replace
Lingshu stared at Emperor Hanqing's face, unsure of what he meant.
At that moment, Han Cangyan slowly rose to his feet and stood beside Emperor Hanqing.
Then, Lingshu felt the world spin around her. She, Han Cangyan, and Emperor Hanqing arrived at the entrance to the Abyss Devil Realm.
The entrance was a mess. All of the teleportation formations had been destroyed.
The only thing that remained was the restriction set up by the various clans.
This restriction was extremely sturdy. Ordinary True Gods and even Quasi-Sages couldn't shake it.
Han Cangyan raised his hand slightly, and a torrent of power appeared out of nowhere and rushed toward the Abyss Devil Realm.
Rumble ….
The restriction shattered in an instant, and the entrance to the Abyss Devil Realm was unobstructed.
"I'll show you just how childish your way of thinking is …."
With that, Emperor Hanqing strode toward the entrance.
Han Cangyan glanced coldly at Lingshu, then said, "Follow him …."
Han Cangyan might not be able to change Lingshu's mind, but as a savage creature of the Abyss Devil Realm, she couldn't disobey him. She could only follow him to the exit.
Lingshu was a bit confused. If she left like this, she'd disappear the moment she stepped into the realm of the gods. Then she'd be revived in the Black Waters ….
But the moment she reached the exit, Han Cangyan didn't even look back. He shot out a streak of black light from his ring.
The moment the black light hit her, it transformed into a brand and sank deep into her body.
She stepped onto the ground of the universe and found that she hadn't disappeared ….
"This …."
Lingshu spread her arms and looked at her body with joy.
Countless years ago, before the various clans had set foot in the Abyss Devil Realm, before they'd set up teleportation formations and sealed restrictions, Lingshu had already tried it ….
She couldn't forget the moment her body turned to ash and disappeared.
The land of the gods was like the homeland of her dreams. Even if it was right in front of her, she couldn't step on it.
She just hadn't expected that she'd set foot in the realm of the gods so many years later.
Despite being held hostage by Emperor Hanqing, she couldn't hide her joy. She couldn't help but spread her arms and wave them in a circle.
Emperor Hanqing looked at her coldly and took out the Taihe Divine Spear. An invisible space tunnel appeared and surrounded the three of them. In the blink of an eye, they disappeared …
Even though the Grand Harmony Divine Spear was suppressed in the Abyssal Devil Domain, it could still perform Greater Teleportation. In the Divine Domain, it was like a tiger that had grown wings.
Every time he used the Taihe Divine Spear, he could cross dozens of regions.
All the way north …
Every time she walked out of the spatial passageway, Ling Shu would remember the beautiful scenery of this large region.
Even the most desolate desert was an extremely beautiful scenery in the Spiritual Jade Forest.
The Abyss Demon Domain was a huge cage. She had stayed in that damned place filled with the smell of sulfur for far too long.
"Why are we heading north?"
After continuously shifting north several times, Lingshu could not help but ask.
"You'll know when we get there," said Emperor Hanqing.
Soon after …
The three of them finally arrived at the Northstar Woodlands.
Roiling death energy swirled around this towering tree, enough to annihilate any living thing that approached it. Everything within range of the Woodlands was a death zone.
As soon as the three of them stepped into the thick death energy, a faint black halo appeared around them. It was this halo that kept the death energy at bay.
"The Woodlands …."
Lingshu naturally knew of this place, but she didn't understand why Emperor Hanqing had come here.
After entering the Woodlands, Emperor Hanqing once again used Greater Teleportation to arrive at the thickest tree trunk.
Countless fine spider webs hung from the tree trunk, and within the spider webs hung four huge crimson balls.
As soon as Emperor Hanqing arrived, a dignified voice sounded.
"Who are you? How dare you barge into this place …."
The Xuanyuan Guardians were sealed on the Woodlands. It was easy to find out who they were through Xuanyuan Chunjun's memories.
Some of the Sages already knew about it.
However, none of them dared set foot in this place.
Although the four Xuanyuan Guardians were sealed, one of them, "Elder Hu," had been released.
Being targeted by a Paramita realm expert was not a wise thing to do.
"I am Emperor Hanqing," said Emperor Hanqing coolly.
"Why are you here?" asked one of the Xuanyuan Guardians.
"Dongfang Chunjun is dead," replied Emperor Hanqing.
Huyan was the one in contact with the Saints, but he'd report back every once in a while. It was the Xuanyuan Guardians' idea to unify the Saints, so they naturally knew what was going on.
"What? Dongfang Chunjun is dead? "asked another Xuanyuan Guardian coldly." How did he die? "
"I killed him," replied Emperor Hanqing coolly.
"How dare you!" roared the Xuanyuan Guardian. "You killed one of our men, and now you dare come here to provoke us? Do you really think we can't do anything to you? "
"So the Alliance's conquest of the Abyss Demons failed?" Another voice sounded. It was Pang Miao.
Pang Miao didn't seem to care about Dongfang Chunjun's life or death. He only cared about who controlled the Abyss Demons.
When Pang Miao's voice sounded, Lingshu's eyebrows shot up ….
She'd remember that voice for the rest of her life!
Emperor Hanqing continued, "It's only half a failure. The Alliance may have been wiped out, but the Abyss Demons are now under my control."
Hearing this, the Xuan Yuan Guards fell silent.
Then, Pang Miao opened his mouth and said leisurely, "Then why are you here today?"
"I know everything Dongfang Chunjun knows, so I know of your existence. I've taken control of the Abyss Demons, so of course I'm going to replace him!"
As he spoke, Han Cangyan took a step forward and flashed the ring on his hand at the spheres. The ring emitted an indescribable power, and the Xuan Yuan Guards in the spheres were immediately attracted by the ring.
Emperor Hanqing was very confident.
Dongfang Chunjun had been supported by the Xuanyuan Guardians, but that didn't mean they couldn't abandon him.
Someone who controlled the Abyss Demons was more valuable than Dongfang Chunjun.
"Ambitious, strong …. Not bad," Pang Miao's voice sounded again.
Right at this moment, Lingshu suddenly laughed coldly and said, "So what if you have ambition and strength? You're destined to fail. In three to five years, when the Chiyou Guard invades the divine realm, you'll all die! "
"Shut up!"
Emperor Hanqing hadn't expected Lingshu to speak up.
Han Cangyan's eyes flashed. Lingshu's throat couldn't make a sound.
Pang Miao looked at Lingshu suspiciously. "Haha, so it's that little girl from the Li Clan …."
To use the Bloodbreak Art to wipe out an entire clan, one had to use the Li Clan's bloodline. The purer the bloodline, the better.
Pang Miao had used Lingshu's blood to wipe out the entire Li Clan.

Chapter 2500
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Mutual Exploitation
It wasn't easy to use the Art of Bloodbreak.
Pang Miao had used a forbidden artifact of the Xuanyuan Clan in order to execute such a method of continuous slaughter.
It was also because he'd executed the Bloodtear Technique that his cultivation had dropped greatly, and it gave Elder Yuan and the others an opportunity to take advantage of. In the end, it caused the Xuanyuan Guards to be collectively sealed.
Emperor Hanqing was afraid that Pang Miao would misunderstand, so he explained, "She's just a monster from the abyss."
"I know," Pang Miao said coolly.
It wasn't hard to see through Lingshu's identity. After all, she didn't have the vitality of a living being, only the aura of fear.
"But she's telling the truth. The Nirvana Realm experts in the outer realms are troublesome to deal with," Emperor Hanqing said.
He knew that the Xuanyuan Guards weren't strong enough to deal with the Nirvana Realm experts in the outer realms.
In Dongfang Chunjun's memories, Huyan had only told Dongfang Chunjun that the Xuanyuan Guards needed powerful energy and that they could handle everything.
That was Dongfang Chunjun's original intention for controlling the Abyss Demon Realm.
However, Emperor Hanqing was suspicious by nature. Although he wanted to replace Dongfang Chunjun, he didn't trust the Xuanyuan Guards as much as Dongfang Chunjun did. That was why he used those words to test them.
"Haha, you don't have to worry about that. Even a five-star Xuanyuan Guard wouldn't be able to resist our forbidden weapon. The Abyss Demon Realm is already in your hands. With the forbidden weapon in my hands, there's nothing to fear. Besides, we have other backup plans," Pang Miao said coolly.
Emperor Hanqing nodded repeatedly. He looked around and asked, "May I know where old Hu is? I should be able to help with the matter of removing the Primordial Chaos Seal. "
"Haha.
You seem to know everything, "Pang Miao said with a smile.
"I told you, I have all of Dongfang Chunjun's memories," Emperor Hanqing replied.
"We do need your help with the Origin Seal, but not today. Elder Hu has important matters to attend to. Return to the floating island first and receive Dongfang Chunjun's inheritance. Elder Hu will find you for the rest," Pang Miao said.
Emperor Hanqing cupped his hands at Pang Miao and the others. "You're right. I'll return to the floating island first and wait for Elder Hu's arrival."
With that, Emperor Han Qing left with Lingshu and Han Cangyan.
"Big Brother, this guy is not that reliable. He dares to test us," Pu Zhe said with some dissatisfaction.
Pang Miao was silent for a while, and then he said, "It doesn't matter if he's reliable or not. Since he came to us and wants us to acknowledge him, he's useful. Besides, the Abyss Demon Area is in his hands. For us, he's a great help."
Emperor Hanqing's arrival today meant that both sides were testing each other, but it was inevitable that they would choose the other.
"Call Elder Hu over. I have some things to discuss with him," said Pang Miao.
…
On the other side of the Jianmu.
Huyan sat cross-legged with a hook-shaped jade pendant floating in front of him.
This jade pendant was the Xuanyuan Gouyu.
Through the Xuanyuan Gouyu, the Xuanyuan Guard was able to summon each other.
Just like what Emperor Han Qing was worried about, Pang Miao and the others did not have the confidence to fight against the Nirvana Realm from the outer realm.
Over the past few days, Huyan had been using the Xuanyuan Gouyu in hopes of finding other Xuanyuan Guards.
However, the divine realm ship had been drifting in the chaos for far too long, so it was in an extremely remote location. The chances of finding the Xuanyuan Guard were too low.
Even though there was very little hope, Hu Yan would not give up. He had been using the Xuanyuan Magatama at all times in the past few days, sending his calls into the primal chaos.
Hearing Pu Zhe's summons, he put away the Xuanyuan Gouyu and hurried up the Jianmu.
When Huyan heard that Dongfang Chunjun had died, his face was filled with shock.
He was even more shocked when he heard that Emperor Hanqing had come and taken control of the Abyss Demon Area.
"How did he take control of the floating island?" Huyan couldn't understand.
"He killed Dongfang Chunjun. The other Saints in the alliance will not rest until he's dead. Go to the floating island in a few days. When those Saints are reborn, go and quell their anger," ordered Pang Miao.
In the eyes of the Xuanyuan Guard, the Saints of the alliance were their resources.
Perhaps Emperor Hanqing didn't fear them, but they didn't want to see them kill each other.
"Understood," Huyan cupped his hands in salute.
… …
On the way back to the floating island, Lingshu said coldly to Emperor Hanqing, "Do you think they really think you're Dongfang Chunjun? They're just using you! "
Emperor Hanqing held the Taihe Divine Spear and said calmly, "Who doesn't use each other in life? I didn't kill you or cripple you because I was using you. They saw my ability to control the Abyss Demon Area, so they were using me. I hoped they'd help me become the strongest so I could replace Dongfang Chunjun and take control of the situation. I was also using them. "
"What an absurd explanation," Lingshu said with a frown.
She was thinking about how the Xuanyuan Guard would get rid of the donkey after it had outlived its usefulness. That would be the end of Emperor Hanqing, but she didn't say it out loud.
Emperor Hanqing smiled faintly and didn't retort. He just took the two of them to the floating island.
At that moment … …
Luo Zheng, Li Luoshui, and the others had already returned to the Dongfang Family's floating island.
After freeing Luo Xiao, Li Luoshui was in a good mood.
It wouldn't be long before Luo Xiao returned with a new appearance. All they had to do was wait quietly.
Only then did Li Luoshui remember to go to the immortal residence.
As a mother-in-law, she hadn't seen her daughter-in-law and grandson yet … …
Perhaps it was because she was in a good mood, but after returning to the floating island, Li Luoshui said respectfully to Dongfang Huo, who had accompanied her all the way, "If I were you, I would evacuate all of my family members from the floating island."
"Why?" Dongfang Huo asked curiously.
Li Luoshui and the others walked towards the teleportation formation leading to the Takiguan Forest. At the same time, she said, "Emperor Hanqing is still alive. If I'm not wrong, it should be his son who controls the Abyss Demon Area."
"Is that so? But what does that have to do with the Dongfang Family? " Dongfang Huo's face flashed. He muttered to himself. As far as he knew, Emperor Hanqing was also a member of the Wealthy Alliance.
The teleportation formation leading to the Takiguan Forest began to emit spatial ripples, about to swallow Li Luoshui and the others. Luo Zheng added, "Emperor Hanqing has another name. He's called Yue Yinliu."
As soon as he finished speaking, the teleportation formation activated and enveloped Luo Zheng and the others. They disappeared completely.
Dongfang Huo was slightly taken aback. He muttered the name Yue Yinliu. Suddenly, he remembered something and his expression changed drastically.
Inside the teleportation formation, Dongfang Yingqing still didn't know what Yue Yinliu represented. She asked Hua Tianming in a soft voice. When Hua Tianming quietly explained to her, Dongfang Yingqing's face paled.

Chapter 2501
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Home.
Seeing Dongfang Yingqing's expression, Hua Tianming could only clench her hand tightly.
Dongfang Chunjun's downfall sealed the fate of the Dongfang family.
Hua Tianming's heart was as clear as a mirror.
He knew that the Luo family had a deep grudge against the Wealthy Alliance.
The reason Luo Zheng hadn't turned the Dongfang family's floating island upside down was probably because of his mother.
Luo Zheng couldn't deal with these problems himself, but Luo Xiao might make a move after coming out of the Dayan Realm.
Anyone who could become a Saint had the heart of an ambitious person. Luo Xiao himself probably wouldn't go easy on them.
It was just that Emperor Hanqing was doing it for him.
Not long after.
The group left through the spatial tunnel and arrived at the main entrance of Takeshi Xuan Forest.
Luo Zheng had entered Takeshi Xuan Forest many times, but he had never entered through the main entrance.
This time, for the first time, they took a detour and borrowed the Dongfang Family's teleportation array to return to the Takiguan Forest.
Ever since Yu Shenfeng took control of Takeshi Xuan Forest, the other Wealthy Clans rarely explored it. A thick layer of weeds had grown at the entrance.
As soon as they entered Takeshi Xuan Forest, Yu Shenfeng exclaimed in surprise, a strange expression on his face.
"What now?" Jing Wuhuan asked faintly.
"Luo Zheng didn't use the Teleportation Medallion and used the transportation formation. Did he come back from the floating island? He even brought a group of people with him … "Yu Shenfeng said strangely.
"What!" Jing Wuhuan's eyes flashed.
They were also worried about Luo Zheng's safety these days, but no one said anything.
Hearing Luo Zheng's movements, Jing Wuhuan naturally had to ask. "Who is he with?"
Yu Shenfeng pursed his lips. "They're all people I've never seen before … One of them seems familiar. Isn't that the guy from the Luo family who fled to the Abyss?"
"Call Yu Taibai and the others over, as well as Aunt Hanjiu and the others. Send them directly to Immortal Residence," Jing Wuhuan ordered.
Yu Shenfeng chuckled and pointed at the entrance of Takeshi Xuan Forest.
The formless ripple turned into a straight line and spread forward.
The plants in this straight line, whether they were towering trees or knee-high weeds, were all tilted to the sides, forming a road that extended to the feet of Luo Zheng and the others.
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian were still a bit hesitant. Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It's Second Senior Brother who is welcoming us."
The few of them flew along this open path, and their speed was naturally very fast.
Not long after, everyone arrived at the entrance of the immortal estate …
Aunt Han Jiu, Yu Taibai, and the others were also waiting at the entrance of the immortal estate. Of course, Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie, and the other women were also present.
When Aunt Hanjiu heard Yu Shenfeng say that Luo Zheng had brought another woman back, she didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Yu Shenfeng even added oil and vinegar, saying that the woman was truly beautiful, and that she was simply a peerless beauty in God's Domain.
Hearing this, Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the other girls' faces turned gloomy.
When Luo Zheng and the others arrived, Aunt Han Jiu's expression immediately became unnatural.
"I wasn't wrong, right? Tsk tsk, little Junior Brother is truly skilled," Yu Shenfeng continued.
As for Ning Yudie and the others, their expressions were all different, but their gazes all fell on Li Luoshui. Everyone's thoughts were different, but the general direction was the same …
But at this time, Yu Taibai took a step forward and bowed deeply towards Li Luoshui. "Teacher's wife!"
"Teacher's wife?" Yu Shenfeng's spittle was flying everywhere. He was happy to make fun of Luo Zheng, but when he heard Yu Taibai call out like this, his face was full of shock.
Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the other girls also looked at each other with strange expressions on their faces. It turned out that this was Luo Zheng's mother, and also the common mother-in-law of these girls.
Li Luoshui stepped forward and helped Yu Taibai up. She looked at him with a complicated gaze and said, "You've worked hard …"
Yu Taibai smiled faintly and said, "If I can exchange for teacher's and teacher's wife's safety, Taibai's hard work is not worth mentioning."
Then Yu Taibai turned his head and said something with True Yuan sound transmission.
Soon, a figure flew out of the Immortal Mansion. It was Luo Yan himself.
Luo Yan first looked at her brother in a daze, then pounced towards Li Luoshui …
Everyone in the Immortal Mansion was puzzled. Why was Luo Zheng able to bring back Li Luoshui this time? But although they had many doubts in their hearts, they could only endure.
Li Luoshui held her daughter in her arms and was deeply moved.
This was the second time she had met her daughter. She had seen her daughter and daughter before in the Land of Strife, but this was the first time they had truly met.
On this side, mother and daughter met. On the other side, Yu Taibai fiercely slapped Chen Huang Yijian's shoulder.
"Eldest Senior Brother!" Chen Huang Yijian was very excited to see Yu Taibai again.
Chen Huang Yijian was Luo Xiao's disciple, but the time he spent on the Luo family's floating island was very short. After going to the Abyss Demon Realm, there was no news of him.
Yu Taibai once thought that Chen Huang Yijian had died long ago. After all, in the Abyss Demon Realm, even a Saint would not be able to stay for so long.
"I never could have predicted that you would one day return from the Abyss Demon Realm." Yu Taibai sighed.
Chen Huang Yijian pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Everything is because of Luo Zheng, he …"
Yu Taibai looked at Luo Zheng strangely and said, "It seems that Luo Zheng went out this time because of the Stone Forest Rats?"
The reason why Yu Taibai had been uneasy during this time was also because of this matter.
But no matter how good he was at divining, he could not have imagined that the Stone Forest Rats would bring Luo Zheng into the Abyss Demon Realm. This was almost the worst result. He did not dare to believe the last series of events, the various situations and twists that occurred …
"Yes." Chen Huang Yijian nodded.
He originally wanted to tell his eldest senior brother about what had happened during this time, but he did not expect Yu Taibai to make a shushing gesture and say with a smile, "First, tell me how you survived in the Abyss Demon Realm and how you became a quasi-Saint …"
The current Chen Huang Yijian's sword cultivation was even higher than Yu Taibai's …
On this point, Yu Taibai was also very confused.
On the other side, Xi Youqin and the others suddenly realized that Luo Zheng had appeared with his mother-in-law. They were all bashful and did not know how to face it, so this time, they were very restrained for the first time …
On the contrary, Li Luoshui, who was hugging Luo Yan, was keenly aware of the emotions of the women. She blinked and said with a smile, "Zheng 'er, are you not going to introduce my daughters-in-law?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a smile, "Let's go in first …"
So everyone moved into the Immortal Mansion …
During this process, Aunt Hanjiu and Li Luoshui's eyes met again, but they did not speak.

Chapter 2502
Recovering Memories
Yu Taibai was naturally aware of the relationship between his master's wife and Aunt Hanjiu.
His master's wife was arrogant and had argued with his master because of Aunt Hanjiu. At their peak, it could be said that they were like fire and water …
However, things had changed with the passage of time. Everyone had experienced so much, so their past conflicts had probably faded away.
Moreover, his master's wife was already a mother-in-law. She wouldn't be jealous in front of her own son.
After entering the hall, Ning Yudie brought a cup of tea and said shyly, "Mother-in-law, please have some tea …"
Although the girls had seen a lot, this was the first time they were facing a "mother-in-law", so they weren't used to it.
Li Luoshui looked at Ning Yudie with a smile and praised Ning Yudie for her beautiful appearance.
Luo Zheng took the opportunity to introduce Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and then Xun and Su Lingyun …
Every place had different etiquette. For example, Xun might not even know the concept of a mother-in-law, so Luo Zheng tried his best to give a brief introduction.
Li Luoshui, on the other hand, was very interested and started chatting with Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the other girls.
Seeing that the girls couldn't stop chatting, Yu Taibai and Jing Wuhuan were extremely anxious.
They were more concerned about how Luo Zheng came back and how he brought Li Luoshui and Chen Huang Yijian back …
Taking advantage of their pause, Yu Taibai finally interrupted them and asked, "Luo Zheng, tell us what happened in the Abyss Devil Realm."
Yu Taibai's question saved Luo Zheng from his mother's interrogation. Otherwise, his mother would have questioned him even more. He immediately said, "I'll have to start from the Stone Forest Rat. I just arrived in the Evil Ghost Realm …"
Luo Zheng then told Yu Taibai about his encounter with Patriarch Qian Long and the others in the Nether Ghost Realm, some of the things that happened in the place of reincarnation, how he encountered Chen Huang's Yijian, and so on.
Hua Tianming and Dongfang Yingqing sat on the other side. In the middle, Hua Tianming would occasionally interject and talk about what he saw at the League of Wealthy Clans …
When everyone heard that Luo Zheng was sucked into the ice coffin and faced Dongfang Chunjun together with Hua Tianming, they were all shocked.
They didn't expect Emperor Han Qing and Dongfang Chunjun to have such a deep grudge against each other. They also didn't expect there to be a Li Clan member in the Abyss Demonic Region …
"In other words, Dongfang Chunjun … was killed by the two of you?" Yu Taibai asked in disbelief.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming nodded in unison.
However, rather than saying that Dongfang Chunjun was killed by them, it would be more accurate to say that Dongfang Chunjun's grand array was forced into action, causing his death.
"I really didn't expect this. Master probably didn't expect this either …" Yu Taibai suddenly stood up, his face full of excitement. "Since Dongfang Chunjun is dead, and the other saints are still resurrecting, we can threaten the Dongfang family …"
Yu Taibai wanted to force the Dongfang family to release Luo Xiao's body.
Li Luoshui smiled faintly. "My husband has returned to the Great Yan Realm. Soon, he should be able to be resurrected safe and sound."
Yu Taibai smiled bitterly. "These things should be done by me, the eldest disciple. Now that you're doing it, I'm not worthy of being the eldest disciple …"
Jing Wuhuan had been listening silently. Suddenly, he said, "Since Dongfang Chunjun is dead, we only need to face the Xuan Yuan Guard next …"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm afraid it's not that optimistic. Although Dongfang Chunjun is dead, Emperor Han Qing somehow managed to gain control of the Abyss Demonic Region. This person's ambition is probably no less than Dongfang Chunjun's."
Yu Taibai and Jing Wuhuan's expressions changed. Yu Shenfeng, on the other hand, chuckled. "That's nothing. Little junior brother even killed Dongfang Chunjun. This Han Family saint is nothing …"
Jing Wuhuan glanced at Yu Shenfeng. They were more concerned about what might happen. After all, controlling the Abyss Demonic Region meant opening a key to unlocking the Origin Seal.
After Luo Zheng finished talking about his encounters along the way, he suddenly remembered something important.
He placed his hands on his dantian and began to communicate with his inner world …
Hum …
Luo Zheng pointed. In a flash of light, Han Liusu and Han Chuyue appeared in front of everyone.
Aunt Han Jiu's expression changed when she saw Han Liusu and Han Chuyue.
She walked up to the two women and tested their auras. Then, she said, "Their souls are gone?"
A body without a soul was just a living corpse.
Aunt Han Jiu and the Han Family sisters were good friends. Naturally, she was heartbroken.
Even Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng strangely.
She had been trapped in a small world and had never seen the Han Family sisters.
"Emperor Han Qing wanted to use them to control the Abyss Demonic Region. He used the Flame of Memories to help them cultivate. At the same time, he stripped them of their Flame of Memories. It's not that they don't have souls, it's just that their memories have been erased." Luo Zheng explained.
"Emperor Han Qing …" Aunt Han Jiu repeated the name. She already knew the true identity of Emperor Han Qing and the reason for his change in temperament. "Even if he has a deep grudge, there's no need to use such methods to take revenge. In the end, they're still his own children … He's worse than an animal!"
Aunt Han Jiu was still a member of the Han Family. Seeing the two girls suffer, she felt a chill in her heart.
"It's fine. Emperor Han Qing can erase their memories, but mother can transfer them back. I'll have to trouble mother to use the reincarnation soul artifact." Luo Zheng said to Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui nodded. Although she hadn't completely refined the reincarnation soul artifact, she could at least use it.
Standing up, Li Luoshui closed her eyes and connected to the Flame of Memories in the Land of Reincarnation. Using the reincarnation soul artifact, she quickly found the two girls' Flame of Memories.
Li Luoshui's finger lightly brushed against Han Liusu and Han Chuyue's forehead.
The Flame of Memories returned to Han Liusu and Han Chuyue's souls …
Not long after, the two girls' eyelids trembled a few times before they opened their eyes.
The moment Han Liusu opened her eyes, she hugged her head with both hands and screamed, "Father, what are you doing …"
After a while, Han Liusu put down her hands and stared blankly at the scene in front of her.
Han Liusu's memories stopped at the moment when Emperor Han Qing forcibly changed her Flame of Memories. Naturally, she reacted this way.
Now that the Flame of Memories was changed back, it's natural that her memories would continue.
But Han Liusu suddenly found herself in an unfamiliar environment with a bunch of unfamiliar people … No, there was also a familiar person, and that was Luo Zheng!
Although she had many questions in her heart, she didn't ask them. Instead, she threw herself at Luo Zheng and began to cry.

Chapter 2503
Plunder
Aunt Han Jiu looked at Han Chuyue with heartache, then pulled her into her embrace. It was their misfortune to have such a father.
Han Liusu said from Luo Zheng's embrace, "Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, my father, he …"
"Don't say it. I know, I know," Luo Zheng comforted her.
Luo Zheng had read Han Liusu's memories, so he knew what she was thinking.
Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the other girls exchanged meaningful glances with each other as they watched this scene …
Although Han Liusu had guessed that her father had done something to her, she didn't know what had happened.
Luo Zheng could only roughly explain the situation again. Only then did Han Liusu and Han Chuyue understand the ins and outs of the matter. Thinking of how their father treated their children like this, for a moment of sadness, they cried again.
… …
… …
Luo Zheng had erased the imprint that Emperor Han Qing had placed on his daughters back in the Black Water Region.
Naturally, he didn't know that his daughters had recovered.
He and Ling Shu had already arrived at the edge of the Sea of Time …
Ling Shu looked at the tide formed by the colorful fragments of time, and her expression was rather emotional.
In the beginning, the Sea of Time hadn't been so vast.
Back then, she had lived by the sea …
Ordinary True Gods had to rely on the Blind Tribe's boatmen to enter the Sea of Time.
Upper True Gods and Perfect True Gods weren't allowed to fly or use greater teleportation, but Saints weren't restricted.
"Let's go!"
Whoosh!
The three of them suddenly disappeared …
Not long after, Emperor Han Qing appeared on Han Jia's floating island.
Most of the Han Family disciples didn't know about Emperor Han Qing's perverse actions.
These days, the Han Family was just like the other rich and powerful families. Everyone was worried about the safety of their Holy Emperor.
The moment Emperor Han Qing appeared on Han Jia's floating island, his aura spread out.
All of the Han Family disciples immediately sensed his aura …
Han Tianxiao had been cultivating in his silent room. The moment he sensed Emperor Han Qing's aura, his eyes lit up and he rushed out of his room.
"The disciples of the Han Family are all here for an audience!" Han Qing Emperor's voice reached the ears of every member of the Han Family after he released his presence.
Soon, the Han Family disciples gathered at the center of the floating island.
The elders of the Han Clan, such as Han Tianxiao, also arrived.
When they saw the girl next to Great Emperor Hanqing, they were surprised. That girl's Qi was like a monster from the abyss. How had the Holy Emperor managed to bring her out?
"Congratulations on your return, Saint Emperor." Han Tianxiao clasped his hands and said.
This time, Han Tianxiao did not go to the Wealthy Alliance's expedition to the Abyss Devil Region. During this period of time, news of Dongfang Chunjun's death came, and he was also quite worried.
After all, Aunt Han Jiu had already left. As a Perfect True God, there was no way he could take charge of the situation. Compared to the other wealthy families, the Han family's foundation was still too weak.
Emperor Han Qing smiled faintly and asked, "Has the Han Clan been well these days?"
"Everything is fine," said Han Tianxiao.
"Very well." Emperor Han Qing's gaze swept across the Han Family disciples. "My Han Family disciples, all upper True Gods, follow me out of the floating island!"
Hearing this, many of the Han Family disciples had strange looks on their faces.
"Out of the floating island?"
"To where? To the forbidden area, there's no need to leave the floating island … "
"The teleportation formation to the Abyss Devil Region was destroyed. Are they going to follow the Holy Emperor to the Abyss Devil Region?"
The Han Family disciples had all sorts of guesses.
Even Heaven's Laughter was a little confused …
Emperor Han Qing paused for a moment, then said, "Follow me to plunder the Dongfang family's floating island!"
Hearing this, all of the Han Family disciples were shocked.
Had the Holy Emperor lost his mind?
Although the Dongfang family's Holy Emperor was dead, the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance had not died. The Han Family was going to plunder the Dongfang family's floating island? Wasn't that going against the Wealthy Alliance?
Even Han Tianxiao looked at Emperor Han Qing in shock. "Holy Emperor, why do you say that?"
"Dongfang Chunjun is dead, and the Han Family … has taken control of the Abyss Devil Region!"
With that, Han Cangyan raised his hand.
Rays of black light spread out from the ring in his hand.
The black light circled around Han Cangyan and quickly transformed into a pair of huge monstrous wings.
A terrifying aura spread out in all directions …
The people on the other Floating Islands all looked at Han Jia's Floating Island with fear written all over their faces.
In a pavilion of the Sword Tribe, one of the Sword Tribe's Saints, Jian Leiting, suddenly opened his eyes. With a flash, he stood in the air above the Sword Tribe's floating island and looked down.
Some of the Sword Tribe's elders also gathered around and looked at Han Jia's floating island. The aura was so powerful that it shocked them to the core.
"It's Han Jia!"
"What is it that has such terrifying power …" Jian Leiting shook his head.
Jian Leiting shook his head solemnly, "Perhaps … it has something to do with the Abyssal Demon Region."
Apart from the Sword Tribe, the Saints and Quasi-Sages on the other floating islands also looked at Han Jia's floating island. They were very wary of that aura.
"From now on, not just the Dongfang Family, but the entire Sea of Time, and even the entire Divine Realm, will belong to the Han Family! I want no one in the Divine Realm other than me to dare call themselves a Saint! "Emperor Hanqing said in a low voice.
The aura of Han Cangyan's ring grew more and more terrifying. Below, Han Tianxiao and the other Han Family disciples were also very shocked.
"Our Han Family will dominate the Divine Realm?"
"Surpass the Dongfang Family?"
"That's not all. Although the Dongfang Family is the leader of the Alliance, they didn't dominate the Sea of Time and dominate the Divine Realm …"
In any case, Emperor Hanqing's words were very effective.
Under his enticement, the Han Family disciples were eager to give it a try.
The floating island of the Dongfang Clan was the most prosperous and had the deepest heritage …
The Elysian Emperor was personally leading them to rob and plunder. This was undoubtedly a good opportunity to make a fortune.
"Disciples of the Han Family, follow me!"
With that, Emperor Hanqing pointed in the air and created a spatial tunnel that led to the Dongfang Family's floating island.
Then, Emperor Hanqing brought Han Cangyan and Ling Shu to the Dongfang Family …
As for the Han Family disciples, they were all envious and rushed into the spatial tunnel one after another. Although Emperor Hanqing required upper True Gods, who would be willing to let go of such a good opportunity?
Not to mention the upper True Gods, even the lower True Gods and Proof Gods rushed in …
However, when these Han Family disciples rushed to the Dongfang Family's floating island, they all stopped in their tracks, not daring to take a step forward.
They saw a Saint sitting in front of them. That Saint was Dongfang Huo.
Besides Dong Fang Huo, there were two quasi-sages, a few Perfect True Gods, and hundreds of upper True Gods beside him.

Chapter 2504
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Blood Sacrifice
Emperor Hanqing also saw this scene when he appeared on the Dongfang Clan's floating island.
When he released his divine sense, he found that the Dongfang Clan's floating island was completely empty.
Most of the Dongfang Clan members had left. Only a few hundred people were left.
Emperor Hanqing's expression darkened …
He had instigated the Han Clan members to go to the Dongfang Clan's floating island.
He didn't expect the Dongfang Clan to leave so quickly, as if they had foreseen this. This meant that the Dongfang Clan's wealth had all been taken away.
Before Emperor Hanqing could do anything, Dongfang Huo spoke first.
"The disciples of the Dongfang Family have all returned to the Fusang Divine Tree, leaving only the five hundred and seventy-three of us. We did not take away any of the magic treasures, Shenwu coins, Aurous Pills, spell formations, or books we left on the floating island. Even the lives of the five hundred and seventy-three of us are all in your hands," Dongfang Huo said calmly. "We only hope that you can let the Dongfang Family live."
The Dongfang Clan's base was in the Fuso Divine Tree …
As long as the Fuso Divine Tree was still there, the Dongfang Clan could still be considered a wealthy clan even if their floating island was destroyed.
After all, the Dongfang Clan had other hidden characters besides Dongfang Huo.
When Dongfang Huo finished speaking, Dongfang Hengmin and the others behind him also looked calm.
They didn't become sacrificial warriors to fight against Emperor Hanqing. They were sacrificing their lives to appease Emperor Hanqing's anger.
Emperor Hanqing looked at Dongfang Huo with surprise. "Why do you think I'll let the Dongfang Clan go just because you sacrificed these people? Did the Yue Clan's floating island slaughter people like this? Even if it's a life for a life, a few hundred people are far from enough! "
Hearing this, the members of the Dongfang family immediately turned pale.
Dongfang Liao's eyes were also filled with pain. He clenched his teeth and suddenly knelt before Emperor Hanqing. He knocked his head on the green brick and immediately shattered it, "Emperor Hanqing, please forgive the crimes of the Dongfang family!"
Dongfang Huo had been famous for a long time, and his seniority was very high. He was a respectable Saint in the Divine Realm. Kowtowing to Emperor Hanqing like this was a compromise.
The other members of the Dongfang Clan saw Dongfang Huo kowtowing, their veins bulging.
A month ago, the Dongfang Family was a lofty existence. Now, even a retired Saint like Dongfang Huo had to kneel before Emperor Hanqing. How humiliating was this?
As the saying goes, a man can be killed but not humiliated. The hundreds of people who stayed here had the courage to fight to the death. They were not afraid of fighting to the death, but they valued the inheritance of the Dongfang family more. They could only sacrifice themselves for the sake of the entire Dongfang family.
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
The disciples of the Dongfang family all lowered their heads and kowtowed on the green bricks.
Cracks began to appear all over the surface of the bricks.
But Emperor Hanqing was unmoved. His expression was still cold.
Lingshu couldn't stand it any longer and said indifferently, "Since the Dongfang family has already given up the floating island, how can you forgive them for sacrificing the lives of these people?"
Emperor Hanqing glanced at Lingshu and sneered, "If those Xuan Yuan Guards kneel down for your Li Clan, will you forgive them?"
There was also a blood feud between the Li Clan and the Xuan Yuan Guard. How could they endure the pain of having their clan exterminated?
This question stumped Lingshu. She bit her lips and said, "This is different..."
"Different? Hahaha … "Emperor Hanqing laughed wildly." In my past life, Brother Shu and I were like brothers, my wife Azure and I loved each other very much, my son Yue Feng was a young genius, a great man with a bright future. My Yue Clan had three thousand brothers and a hundred thousand disciples … but they all died at the hands of Dongfang Chunjun. How can a grudge like that be erased with just a few hundred lives? Do you think a floating island can be exchanged for my forgiveness? Naive! "
When the Han Family disciples heard Emperor Han Qing's words, they were stunned.
Although the Han Clan had heard rumors that Emperor Hanqing's temperament had changed greatly in the past few decades, none of them knew the truth. Even Han Tianxiao was confused.
Now that Emperor Hanqing brought up his past life, they found it strange.
"Past life, the Yue Clan? The Holy Emperor was … the reincarnation of Yue Yinliu? "
Although the Yue Clan had been banned from the floating island, there were still some things that were recorded. Han Tianxiao had read about Yue Yinliu and the Stone Forest Rat in the records.
Thinking about Emperor Hanqing's strange behavior, Han Tianxiao found it hard to believe. But he quickly understood.
Ever since Luo Zheng and the Evil Old Man released the Stone Forest Rat and awakened Emperor Hanqing's memories, Emperor Hanqing was already 'dead'. Only Yue Yinliu was alive.
Emperor Hanqing's memories were nothing more than Yue Yinliu's vassal.
The father-son relationship between him and Han Cangyan, Han Liusu and Chuyue had become insignificant. They were all just pawns for his revenge.
Even if the entire Han Clan was destroyed, he wouldn't feel too much sorrow.
Emperor Hanqing's words left Lingshu speechless …
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
The sound of kowtowing continued.
More and more disciples of the Han Clan came through the spatial tunnel.
They came with the intention of plundering, but with Dongfang Huo and the others blocking their way, they didn't dare make a move.
But as more and more people came, their patience ran out.
Someone took the lead and started shouting...
"Old bastard, if you want to die, then die quickly. You won't know if the Dongfang Clan will be destroyed after you die!"
"Yeah, you're dead anyway …"
"......"
Why would these Han Clan disciples care about the Dongfang Clan's survival?
Emperor Hanqing had led them to the Dongfang Clan. This was a display of strength. Who told Dongfang Chunjun to die? It was time for them to be exterminated. That was what many of the Han Family disciples were thinking.
Even though some of the Han Clan disciples were moved, they couldn't stand up for the Dongfang Clan. Besides, they didn't have the right to do so.
Emperor Hanqing said to Dongfang Huo, "If you want to die, I'll grant you your wish. As for whether or not I'll spare your home? Hehe, dream on!"
Now that the Abyss Demon Realm was under his control, Emperor Hanqing felt that the entire Divine Realm was under his control. When he would settle the score with the Hibiscus Divine Tree would depend on his mood.
As soon as he said this, the strange wings on Han Cangyan's back suddenly unfurled. He flew towards the Dongfang Clan's clansmen.
The pair of black wings exuded a terrifying aura. As they swept across the bodies of the men of sacrifice of the Dongfang family, the flesh and blood of the men of sacrifice of the Dongfang family who came into contact with the pair of black wings instantly shriveled up and turned into dust.
Even Dongfang Huo and Dongfang Hengmin suffered the same fate.

Chapter 2505
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Not buying it
Killing a Saint was a very complicated process.
However, Dongfang Huo wanted to die to protect the Fusang Divine Tree's foundation.
Just two or three breaths after his death, there was a thunderous echo in the sky.
It was the sound of the universe collapsing.
Dongfang Huo had disintegrated his universe.
Emperor Hanqing looked up at the sky, a mocking smile on his face as he listened to the sound of the universe collapsing. "Ants are like this. Even if they have to sacrifice themselves, they can't ask for anything."
When Lingshu heard this, she could only let out a long sigh.
After Han Cangyan killed the hundreds of people from the Dongfang Clan, the Han Clan disciples couldn't wait any longer and charged forward.
The Dongfang Clan had been at the top of the tide for so many years.
They didn't care about Emperor Hanqing's origin or the Dongfang Clan's feud. Like locusts, they charged toward the Dongfang Clan's herb garden, pill recipe, and tool sect.
"Rumble …"
Someone couldn't wait any longer and smashed open a palace, attracting hundreds of greedy people. They swarmed in like bees.
Cheers and screams could be heard constantly. In the process of looting, there were even Han Clan disciples fighting each other.
The Dongfang Clan's originally well-organized buildings were instantly destroyed. Before long, the entire floating island was in ruins.
In fact, Emperor Hanqing could've taken over the Dongfang Clan's floating island completely. However, he wanted to vent his anger from all these years. That was why he let the Han Clan disciples take the spoils.
Emperor Hanqing left with Lingshu and Han Cangyan in satisfaction.
Then, he appeared in the Saint Hall above the clouds.
"Emperor Hanqing has summoned all the Saints! Show yourselves! "Emperor Hanqing's voice echoed in the Saint Hall.
The Saint Hall was where the Saints interacted.
As Emperor Hanqing's voice spread, the Saints on the floating island frowned slightly.
The Saints of the Wealthy Alliance were all reborn in the universe. The ones who were still alive were those who refused to join the Alliance.
The Saints had mixed feelings about the Han Clan's looting of the Dongfang Clan.
After all, they had suffered a lot at the hands of the Dongfang Clan. They were happy that the Dongfang Clan was in trouble.
However, Emperor Hanqing didn't seem to be a good person either. How could he summon the Saints so casually? Did he think that the Saints were all his subordinates?
The Saint Hall wasn't the Alliance. Even Dongfang, Chunjun, didn't dare to order the Saints.
"Emperor Hanqing, the Saint Hall is only a place for us Saints to communicate with each other. What is there to summon?"
"Emperor Hanqing, what would you like today?"
"......"
The voices of a few Saints could be heard from the Saint Halls, but none of them showed up …
Emperor Hanqing smiled. "Translation, I, Emperor Hanqing, I, Emperor Hanqing, Emperor Hanqing.. That, I, I, Hanqing Translation..... you all.
Hearing this, the other Saints all frowned. Even Dongfang Chunjun did not dare to speak such nonsense.
Hanqing Translation translation Hanqing 'Han Han Translation Translation Translation Translation are to Being'.
Dongfang Chunjun was also dead. Only Emperor Hanqing had returned unscathed. Furthermore, he had plundered the Dongfang family's floating island as soon as he returned. The Dongfang family did not put up much of a resistance. Emperor Hanqing definitely had something to rely on.
"What if we don't?"
Said a dignified voice. It was Everlasting War from the Xuanyue Clan's War God Temple.
The Xuanyue Clan and the Sword Clan were both on par with the Dongfang Clan. Dongfang Chunjun was dead, but their Saints were still alive.
"That's right, Emperor Hanqing. Are you planning to make us your enemy?"
"You want to challenge all the Noble Clans by yourself? Hahaha..
. "" I don't know what you're relying on, but you're planning to start a Universal War? "
Under Everlasting War's lead, the Saints from the Bai Clan, Jiang Clan, and other Noble Clans all mocked.
Dongfang Chunjun's death was caused by the collapse of the Yin Yang Cauldron.
Dongfang Huo died because he knew that the Dongfang Clan was no match for Emperor Hanqing, so he let the Universal War collapse.
These Saints weren't killed by Emperor Hanqing.
To kill a Saint, one had to start a Universal War. There were many restrictions in the Universal War's rules.
Saints couldn't directly participate in a Universal War.
Only three True Gods were allowed to exist in a Universal War, and Dongfang Chunjun had changed that.
Emperor Hanqing himself was powerful, but the creatures in his Universal War were not as powerful as he was. Even if he started a Universal War and killed a Saint, the creatures in his Universal War would have been mostly used up. He wouldn't have enough power to start a second Universal War.
That was why the Saints weren't afraid of Emperor Hanqing.
Whoosh.
The huge cloud blew into the Saint Hall and turned into a thick fog. After a round of ridicule, the Saints no longer cared about Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing was left standing where he was. His eyes were twitching, and anger was slowly appearing on his face.
His first plan was to rule the Sea of Time, but now he realized that he was too naive. After a long silence, Emperor Hanqing said angrily, "Soon, you'll be begging me to join the Noble Clan Alliance!"
Then, he angrily left the Saints' Hall with Lingshu and Han Cangyan.
.
.
At the center of the universe of the Great Evolution Universe, a peculiar scene appeared.
A red ball of light shone like the sun, attracting the attention of countless people in the Upper Realm.
All the major factions were trying to figure out the origin of the red ball of light, but to no avail.
Some Celestial Lords were curious about the ball of light, and tried to get close to it with their physical bodies.
But before they could get close, they felt a unique aura. It was very gentle, but it was irresistible. No one could get close to the red ball of light.
Back in a secluded location in the Demi-Immortal Clan, Startail was looking up at the sky with a look of excitement.
"What is that thing? Why is Master Xing Wei so excited?" Old Man Feng asked.
Old Man Feng had tried to find out the secret of the ball of light, but failed. He had to go back to the Demi-Immortal Clan and ask for Master Xing Wei's help.
He didn't expect Xing Wei to be so happy to see the ball of light in the sky.
"Master! Master has been reborn! Master has been reborn! We did it! Luo Zheng did it too! It's too fast! Luo Zheng has only been gone for a few years. It's too fast … "Xing Wei was so excited that he couldn't even speak clearly.
When Old Man Feng heard this, he took a deep breath.

Chapter 2506
Furious Tang Lun.
As the Lord of Great Expansion, Luo Xiao's influence on the Great Expansion Realm was almost omnipresent.
In order to protect the Great Expansion Realm, he had no choice but to transform the entire realm, causing many calamities to befall the realm.
If Luo Xiao could return, it would be a great blessing for the trillions of secondary lifeforms in the Great Expansion Realm.
"Tell the other Heavenly Venerables and Realm Lords not to disturb Master!" Xing Wei hurriedly said.
Old Man Feng took out a Roaring Token as soon as he heard the order.
"That ball of light is the place where I, the Lord of Great Expansion, will be reborn. No one in the realm is allowed to approach it. If anyone disobeys …" Old Man Feng thought for a moment, then smiled faintly. "Bear the consequences."
He believed that no one would dare to provoke the Lord of the Great Expansion Realm, the creator of this realm, right?
When the Roaring Token's voice resounded throughout the realm, all the lifeforms in the realm began to boil with excitement. A few Heavenly Venerables in the realm who knew the inside story also deduced a few things through this information.
The huge red ball of light was continuously absorbing the energy of the Great Expansion Realm.
The loss of energy in the Great Expansion Realm could not be observed by ordinary people, not even Heavenly Venerables.
After all, Saints had absolute authority over the realm.
Inside the red ball of light was a self-proclaimed world.
In the center of the world, a blurry human figure was quietly born.
Although this human figure could not be considered a lifeform, or even a body, it naturally contained an incomparably vigorous life force and an irresistible soul power.
When this human figure was complete, it signified Luo Xiao's rebirth.
…
…
In the center of the Great Expansion Realm, a dark red ball of light also appeared.
A complete human figure had already taken shape within the ball of light. This person was the Saint of the Mu Clan, Mu Haiji.
Mu Haiji's body was already very complete, and even his consciousness had fully awakened.
It wouldn't be long before he could break free.
During the battle in the Abyss Devil Realm, Mu Haiji had died at the hands of that brat Luo Zheng.
As for Luo Zheng's True Demon Body, Mu Haiji would probably never forget it.
"I wonder what happened to Big Brother in the end. Did he kill that brat and take back the True Demon Body?" Mu Haiji murmured.
This ball of light was completely isolated from the outside world. Mu Haiji did not know what was going on outside, nor did he know that Dongfang Chunjun was completely dead.
With Mu Haiji's current speed, he would only need half a year to fully regenerate.
The flow of time in the Great Extreme Universe was ten times faster than in the Divine Realm. If he calculated according to the Divine Realm's time, he would only need around twenty days to be reborn.
Apart from Mu Haiji, the other Saints were doing the same. Tang Lun, Fang Shixing, and Leng Yao were all absorbing the energy from their respective universes.
Half a month later …
The red ball of light that enveloped Tang Lun left. He was the first saint to be reborn.
Beneath his feet were countless secondary life forms from all over the universe.
These secondary life forms worshipped Tang Lun as if he was the creator of the world. Empyreans and Realm Lords all used pious expressions to worship Tang Lun.
There weren't many opportunities for secondary life forms to come into contact with the Creator, especially for a complete universe like Tang Lun.
The Creator was like an ethereal legend that only existed in legends. However, this time, they finally had the chance to see the Creator in full.
However, in the face of the secondary life forms' worship, Tang Lun only snorted coldly and disappeared from the universe.
The expressions of the Empyreans and Realm Lords froze. They had no idea why the Creator was so angry.
Tang Lun's anger was not directed at these secondary life forms.
He was angry that he had been so careless that he had died at the hands of that red-eyed girl. Furthermore, he had been burned alive. It was simply a great humiliation.
Hum …
After being reborn, Tang Lun immediately returned to the Tang family's floating island.
"Where's Tang Liu? Get over here! "Tang Lun roared angrily.
Hearing Tang Lun's summons, Tang Liu immediately used greater teleportation to appear in front of Tang Lun.
Tang Liu was also a Perfect True God, but his strength was far inferior to Tang Wan and the others. This time, he had stayed behind to guard the Tang family and act as the family head.
"Lord Sacred Emperor has returned from the Abyss Devil Realm! Congratulations, Lord Sacred Emperor! "Tang Liu smiled in surprise.
"Congratulations my ass! I was reborn in the universe! "Tang Lun said angrily.
Tang Liu was surprised, but he understood in his heart.
Since Dongfang Chunjun had died, many people on the floating island guessed that the Wealthy Alliance had probably been wiped out. This had confirmed their guesses.
Tang Lun's universe had not collapsed. This was already a great fortune for the Tang family.
"Speak, what happened in the Divine Realm recently? Did Great Sage Chunjun return? "Tang Lun asked.
Tang Liu cupped his hands and said, "Great Sage Chunjun's universe has collapsed. I'm afraid he's already dead …"
"What!" Tang Lun's eyes widened. His face was full of disbelief. "What nonsense are you talking about?"
Tang Lun had not seen the Yin Yang Cauldron scene.
In his opinion, even if Dongfang Chunjun had really been schemed against by Luo Zheng and Emperor Hanqing and failed, it was not a big deal. They were Saints and could be reborn!
Now that Tang Liu said Dongfang Chunjun was dead, how could Tang Lun believe it?
Looking at Tang Lun's doubtful expression, Tang Liu hurriedly said, "I dare not talk nonsense. More than a month ago, there was indeed a collapse of a universe. The inferred direction is the location of the universe of Chunjun Dasheng."
"How is that possible? Without the war of universes, who could have killed Great Sage Chunjun? "Tang Lun said while shaking his head. He still did not believe it.
"Then Emperor Hanqing returned. He led the Han family's disciples to slaughter the Dongfang family's floating island and looted everything," Tang Liu said.
"Emperor Hanqing, how dare you slaughter the Dongfang Clan …"
Each piece of news was like a bolt from the blue, causing Tang Lun to grow angrier and angrier. He didn't know what happened after his death, but since only Emperor Hanqing returned, he naturally blamed it on Emperor Hanqing.
Tang Lun impulsively wanted to go find Emperor Hanqing.
But Tang Liu hurriedly said, "Don't be hasty, Lord Sacred Emperor! Since Emperor Hanqing dared to loot the Dongfang family, he must be fearless. If you go alone, you won't be able to take advantage of him! How about we wait for the other Saints? "
Only Dongfang Chunjun had died among the Grand Alliance's Saints. The other Saints were all reborn. According to the timeline, they were not much later than Tang Lun.
Tang Liu's words calmed Tang Lun down.
Before Emperor Hanqing revealed his identity, Tang Lun had already died. Tang Lun did not know that Emperor Hanqing was Yue Yinliu, nor did he know why Emperor Hanqing dared to loot the Dongfang family's floating island.
Even if Dongfang Chunjun was dead, the Saints of the Grand Alliance were still alive.
How could Han Jia fight against Sages? He must have something to rely on …

Chapter 2507
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Ability
Less than four hours after Tang Lun's revival, Fang Shixing returned to the Fang family's island.
The process was similar to Tang Lun's, but Fang Shixing was cautious and didn't get angry like Tang Lun. Instead, he asked about the details of Han Jia.
The Sages had died at about the same time, and their revival time was long and short, but the difference wasn't big.
Over the next two days, the Sages revived one after another.
Under Mu Haiji's summons, the revived Sages gathered on the Mu family's island.
"What? You're saying that Emperor Hanqing is Yue Yinliu? "Tang Lun's eyes widened again.
Mu Haiji nodded. "You died a little early, so you didn't see that scene."
Fang Shixing said, "That guy's spear can break through the forbidden zone's spatial suppression. He has too much of an advantage in the forbidden zone. We can't do anything to him …"
The only one who could suppress Emperor Hanqing back then was Lingshu's clone.
"How strong is he?" Tang Lun asked.
Mu Haiji thought for a moment, then said, "He's slightly stronger than you and me, but slightly weaker than Brother Chunjun …"
However, what Mu Haiji meant by "slightly weaker" was that Dongfang Chunjun had not used the Yin Yang World. If Dongfang Chunjun sacrificed himself to use the Yin Yang World, no Saint in the world would be his match.
"With that little strength, he dares to rob big brother's island?" Tang Lun sneered.
Leng Yao chuckled as well. "It's said that Emperor Hanqing imitated Sage Chunjun and gathered the Sages to form the Noble Alliance, but he was ridiculed by Zhan Wuji and the other Sages …"
"Hahaha …"
The Sages of the Noble Alliance roared with laughter.
They knew how Sages dealt with the world. Emperor Hanqing's actions were too childish. After all, it was too difficult to start a universal war. Mu Haiji knew this very well.
"But Emperor Hanqing can come back, and Brother Chunjun is dead. Did he get the two girls in the end?" Mu Haiji guessed.
After all, none of the Sages present had survived to the end. They didn't know who the Abyss Demonic Realm would belong to.
"So what if he did?" Tang Lun sneered. "This isn't the Abyss Demonic Realm. Do you think we're afraid of him?"
"Brother Tang Lun is right! We should seek justice for the Chun Jun Great Sage! "Leng Yao said faintly.
"If it doesn't work, we'll directly start a Universal War …" Another Sage said.
These Sages appeared to be filled with righteous indignation, but in reality, they had their own selfish motives.
If everyone worked together to kill Emperor Hanqing, they would naturally be able to obtain the two girls and use them to control the Abyss Demonic Region. Once they controlled the Abyss Demonic Region, they would naturally become the leader of the Alliance and take over Dongfang Chunjun's position.
After making up their minds, the Saints flashed and appeared above Han Jia's floating island.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Saints floated in the air, emitting a powerful aura that shocked the Han Family disciples below.
"So many Sages have descended …"
"It's the Sage of the Wealthy Alliance! Oh no, our Han Jia is going to be in trouble! "
"They are here to avenge the Dongfang family!"
The Han Family disciples were all panicking. This floating island was only so big. If the saints were to make a move, there would be nowhere to hide.
"Emperor Hanqing, get out here!"
Tang Lun was the first to step forward and roar at the floating island.
The other Sages didn't say anything, but they also silently released their auras. They were determined to force Emperor Hanqing out.
Not long after, a spatial ripple appeared below the floating island. Emperor Hanqing and Han Cangyan stepped out of a spatial tunnel.
Emperor Hanqing was smiling as he looked up at Tang Lun. "Brother Tang Lun, why are you so angry today?"
Tang Lun's body began to burn, and his burly body began to emit a scorching aura. The Han family members felt as if they were in the middle of summer, and their bodies began to heat up. Tang Lun said, "Although our big brother is dead, since you dare rob the Dongfang family's floating island, you are our enemy!"
Leng Yao, Mu Haiji, and the other Sages all drew their weapons, ready to attack.
They had made up their minds to destroy Emperor Hanqing's body first, then start a Universal War.
In the Abyss Demonic Region, these Sages didn't have the Taihe Divine Spear, so they couldn't do anything to Emperor Hanqing.
But it was different in Celestial Region.
"You want to fight?" Emperor Hanqing narrowed his eyes and sneered. "Fine. I'll let you know what kind of power I control."
Beside him, Han Cangyan raised his right hand, and a black energy began to flow around him.
Emperor Hanqing had been pondering the use of the ring these past few days.
Although Takanxuan Forest, Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Soul Wilderness, and the Abyss Demonic Region were known as the Four Great Forbidden Zones, the Abyss Demonic Region was the first of the four.
Rumor had it that the Abyss Demonic Region's power was enough to destroy Celestial Region.
Emperor Hanqing had also been reflecting on himself. The reason the Sages didn't buy it was because he wasn't strong enough.
As the black energy flowed around Han Cangyan, the entire Celestial Region dimmed.
"What's going on? The sun … the sun is turning black! "
"It's only morning, why is it so dark?"
"What the hell? I've been in Celestial Region for so many years, but I've never seen anything like this before."
Celestial Region had four seasons, and the cycle of day and night was very stable.
But today, something unexpected had happened. The entire Celestial Region was plunged into darkness, and this caused many Celestials to speculate.
Han Cangyan raised his right hand, and Emperor Hanqing slowly floated up from the ground.
The black energy swirling around Han Cangyan's body was overflowing with a terrifying aura.
This aura forcibly suppressed Tang Lun's flames. The originally blazing flames were now as inconspicuous as candlelight.
"What kind of power is this …" Tang Lun's face finally revealed a taboo expression.
Mu Haiji's eyelids twitched. He'd probably guessed right. The Abyss Demonic Region had fallen into Emperor Hanqing's hands. That meant Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, those two brats, were probably already dead.
Just as the battle was about to erupt, an ethereal figure silently descended behind Emperor Hanqing.
"We're all on the same side. Why must we fight to the death? Emperor Hanqing, please stop. "
As soon as he finished speaking, an old man appeared in mid-air.
"Elder Hu!"
"Elder Hu is here!"
"It's Elder Hu …"
Mu Haiji and the others' eyes lit up when they saw Elder Hu.
As members of the Grand Alliance, these Sages naturally knew that Elder Hu was the true backer of the Grand Alliance.
Emperor Hanqing's eyes narrowed, and the killing intent between his brows slowly faded away. Han Cangyan's finger clasped around the ring.

Chapter 2508
Acknowledgement
Huyan's appearance eased the tension between the two sides.
However, Tang Lun and the other Saints didn't give up.
After all, Saints could resurrect infinitely. Even if they died in battle, they could still come back.
"Elder Huyan! This person has wild ambitions. He plundered the Dongfang Clan's floating island after returning from the abyss. We can't just sit by and watch! "
"Our Wealthy Alliance was founded to rely on each other. How can we tolerate this person?"
"He's Yue Yinliu. He has a deep grudge against the Dongfang Clan."
The Saints were all talking, and the scene was a bit chaotic.
Huyan waved his hand at the Saints, and they all quieted down.
He looked at the Han Clan disciples below and waved his hand, turning into a bright yellow halo.
The halo spread out, surrounding the Saints, Emperor Hanqing, and Hancangyan.
There were some things he didn't want others to hear.
"Some grudges in this world have to be set aside. Dongfang Chunjun destroyed the Yue Clan's floating island, and Emperor Hanqing is now returning the favor. We'll call it quits. Emperor Hanqing won't pursue the matter of the Fusang Divine Tree. Let's all take a step back. What do you think?"
Tang Lun immediately understood that Huyan was planning to smooth things over.
Mu Haiji and Leng Yao's eyes flashed. Was this Xuan Yuan Wei planning to stand behind Emperor Hanqing?
Why? Because of Emperor Hanqing's power?
Emperor Hanqing didn't say anything.
Even if Dongfang Huo had sacrificed himself, he'd never given up on destroying the Dongfang Clan.
He knew better than anyone the principle of cutting the weeds and eliminating the roots.
He was the grass that Dongfang Chunjun had neglected. After reincarnating, he'd finally found an opportunity to take revenge.
However, Emperor Hanqing couldn't refute Huyan's words.
Most importantly, he'd thought it through in the Sage Hall. Even if he had absolute power, he wouldn't be able to suppress the other Wealthy Clans without Saints following him. If Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, and Fang Shixing were willing to help him, things would be different.
"Elder Huyan, what do you mean?" Tang Lun frowned.
Huyan's expression didn't change. "I've already made it clear. The Wealthy Alliance is without a leader. You need one."
"This leader can't be Emperor Hanqing!" Leng Yao snorted.
"Yes! If this fellow comes to lead the Wealthy Class Alliance, our Fang Family will immediately withdraw, "Fang Shixing threatened.
Although the Saints also pursued absolute power, they still had feelings for Dongfang Chunjun.
Emperor Hanqing had just destroyed Dongfang Clan's floating island. If the other Saints followed him, where would they put their faces?
Huyan smirked, "I'm afraid you don't have a choice …"
Mu Haiji and the others' expressions changed slightly. They didn't expect Hu Yan to stand so firmly behind Emperor Hanqing.
Tang Lun said angrily, "Elder Hu, are you worthy of Chunjun Grand Sage by doing this?"
Huyan only shook his head, "This is my big brother's decision. I believe that it won't be long before my big brother breaks the Primordial Seal …"
In the end, Dongfang Chunjun was just a pawn of the Xuanyuan Guards, a spokesperson.
This chess piece had already passed away, and Emperor Hanqing, who had more value, had come to seek refuge. Pang Miao had no reason to reject him.
However, this method of doing things made the Sages feel bitterly disappointed.
When the Saints heard this, their expressions changed …
It was said that Huyan was the weakest Xuan Yuan Guard.
If the stronger Xuan Yuan Guards were released, what would the result be? Who in the divine realm could fight against them?
Looking at the silent Saints, HuYan comforted them, "Everyone, don't worry. I believe that it won't be long before the entire God Realm is under our control. All other accidents will be eliminated by us …"
After a moment of silence, the Saints chose to leave.
Although they weren't convinced, there was nothing they could do …
Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, and the others' expressions darkened. Tang Lun sneered inside. So you'll have this day too!
After the Saints left, Hu Yan said to Emperor Hanqing, "I've already fulfilled my big brother's promise and helped you become the leader of the Wealthy Alliance."
Emperor Hanqing shook his head, "I'm afraid I don't live up to my title as leader …"
"Of course they're not convinced. It's just me who came today. If my big brother Pang Miao was here, they'd have no choice but to submit too," Hu Yan said flatly.
"But these Saints know the laws of the divine realm well. They don't fear death at all," Emperor Hanqing sighed.
Someone like Tang Lun was acting like a dead pig that didn't fear boiling water. So what if he killed him a thousand times over? Once he was dragged into the quagmire of war, Emperor Hanqing's advantage would no longer exist. It would be the creatures of the universe attacking anyway …
Hu Yan smiled faintly, "That's not a problem at all. My big brother can directly kill a Saint. When the time comes, who in the divine realm would dare disobey?"
Emperor Hanqing's eyes lit up, "Then … when will the Origin Seal be undone?"
"Everything's been arranged. You need to make another trip to the extreme north," Hu Yan said, his gaze landing on Han Cangyan.
"That's good!" Emperor Hanqing nodded.
This time, he hadn't received the acknowledgment of the other Saints upon his return to the floating island, much to his disappointment.
The next time he returned, he would release all of the Xuan Yuan Guards. When the time came, he would suppress these stubborn bastards …
… …
… …
When Emperor Hanqing activated the ring, the Immortal Estate in Takeshi Xuan Forest sank into darkness.
Everyone in the estate didn't understand what was going on …
What kind of method could cover the entire sky?
After making some deductions in the immortal estate, Yu Taibai still couldn't figure out the reason.
These days, more and more people came to Immortal Estate. It was very lively every day.
Hua Tianming and Ji Luoxue, who had been sent back by Luo Zheng, were among the Daoists who had returned to the Immortal Abode. Yu Taibai had also found Ku Deng and Dugu Jianxiaoxiao.
These Daoists had been cultivating day and night in the Cultivation Pagoda. When they came out, they were delighted to see Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
Ji Luoxue's luck was the worst among the Daoists. He'd been captured and turned into a puppet, delaying his cultivation and making him weaker than the other Daoists.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao had been the weakest of the ten Daoists, but after he'd stepped into the divine realm, he'd inherited the ancestral ruins of a large clan. His path had been smooth sailing, and he'd reached peak upper true divinity, beginning to break through to the realm of consummation.
Even Yu Taibai would find it difficult to find the remaining Daoists. In the vast divine realm, even if Yu Taibai was skilled in divination, it was as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack.

Chapter 2509
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Luck
In the depths of Takeshi Xuan Forest, there was a ripple in a jade lake.
"Hua la"
Han Liusu jumped out from the lake.
Following closely behind Han Liusu was a pair of tentacles that were over ten feet long. These tentacles were covered with barbs and each barb was reflecting a beautiful light. It was obvious that there was poison smeared on the barbs.
This pair of tentacles was heading towards Han Liusu at high speed. Han Liusu's feet were tapping on the surface of the water like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water. She was constantly dodging the tentacles.
"Aunt Liusu, be careful!"
Beside the jade lake, Luo Nian shouted loudly.
Just as the pair of tentacles was about to trap Han Liusu, a purple glow was emitted from Han Liusu's eyes.
"Feng!"
A purple deviant flame spiraled out and enveloped her body.
The ferocious creature in the lake seemed to be very afraid of the deviant flame on Han Liusu's body. This pair of tentacles did not dare to wrap around her.
"Ga!"
The ferocious creature let out a shriek. The originally jade green lake instantly turned blood red.
Following which, a semicircular head that looked like a pot lid emerged from the water. This pot lid was embedded with wedge-shaped poisonous fangs. When half of its head emerged from the water, the wedge-shaped poisonous fangs were like hidden weapons and shot towards Han Liusu.
When Han Liusu saw these poisonous fangs, her face had a look of panic.
Although Han Liusu was a Perfect True God, her cultivation level was forcefully raised by Han Qingdi. In terms of battle experience, she was far from other Perfect True Gods.
This ferocious creature in the water was called "Bi Zhuo". It was very rare in Takeshi Xuan Forest and its power was also very strong. It indeed required a Perfect True God to fight against it.
Just as those poisonous fangs were about to reach Han Liusu, Han Liusu's body surface emitted a trace of space ripple. She immediately disappeared from above the lake. She had already used greater teleportation to return to Luo Nian's side.
"Hua la la"
This Bi Zhuo was already infuriated by Han Liusu. Its huge body left the water and chased after Han Liusu and Luo Nian.
"Ga!"
An ear-piercing shriek announced its anger. The two tentacles lashed out at an extremely fast speed.
At this moment, a crimson light flashed behind Luo Nian.
A scarlet cone of light shot towards Bi Zhun.
The cone of light silently penetrated Bi Zhuo's huge head and hit the huge tree on the other side of the pool, leaving a round hole in it.
Plop!
The giant beast's soul seemed to have been sucked dry in an instant. It fell into the water, creating layers of blue waves.
"Grandma is still the best!" Luo Nian turned his head and looked at Li Luoshui with joy.
Li Luoshui smiled faintly, "Alright, you can go and retrieve the things under the pool."
Hearing Li Luoshui's words, Luo Nian dived into the pool without another word.
Yu Shenfeng shook his head and sighed, "Brother Bi Zhuo, you've suffered yet again. Once you're reborn, I'll arrange a better place for you."
These years, Luo Nian's temperament had calmed down quite a bit. However, under the pampering of Ning Yudie and the others, his naughty nature had not been worn away.
This kid had looked up some ancient records of the Takixuan Forest. He actually said that where Bi Zhuo appeared, it was very likely that a treasure would appear.
Yu Shenfeng controlled the Takixuan Forest. Of course, he knew that this legend was pure nonsense.
In history, there was indeed a disciple of a wealthy family who had obtained a faith treasure after killing Bi Zhuo. However, that was purely luck.
After Luo Nian heard of this legend, he had been begging Yu Shenfeng to bring him to unearth the treasure.
Yu Shenfeng had been cheated by Luo Nian so many times. How could he let him have his way? During this time in the immortal mansion, he had been hiding from this kid.
However, there were now a few more people in the mansion. One of them was this kid's grandma.
This was great. Li Luoshui was even more obedient to Luo Nian. Even Han Liusu had joined in the fun. In the end, it could only make the vicious creatures in the Takixuan Forest suffer.
Plop! Plop!
A series of bubbles came out of the pool.
Li Luoshui stared at Luo Nian through the pool. She was afraid that something would happen to him.
As Luo Zheng grew up, she, as his mother, had not been by his side. Luo Nian was naturally very important to her.
Not long after, the surface of the water split open. Luo Nian came out.
"I already said there couldn't be any treasure." Yu Shenfeng stared at Luo Nian with dissatisfaction. However, after a slight flash, he stared at Luo Nian's hand.
Luo Nian's hand was holding a sparkling green stone.
This stone was oval-shaped like a pebble. It emitted a strong aura of life.
"Haha, I told you there must be a treasure in this pool!" Luo Nian swam out of the pool and climbed to the shore. He tossed the stone in front of Li Luoshui. "Grandma, look. What is this stone?"
Li Luoshui stared at the stone. She was very surprised.
She pressed her hand on the stone and sensed the life energy within. She closed her eyes and poured her divine sense into it. After opening her eyes, she smiled faintly. "This can count as a rank two faith treasure."
Han Liusu's eyes widened. "Nian 'er's luck is too good. A rank two faith treasure is hard to come by even among the rich and powerful families!"
Faith treasures were the essence of forbidden lands. No matter what rank they were, they all had their own unique uses. Every rich and powerful family attached great importance to them.
Yu Shenfeng looked at the stone speechlessly.
After taking control of Takeshima Forest, he had combed through the forest and only found three rank one faith treasures and one rank two faith treasure.
This kid had found a faith treasure so easily. Yu Shenfeng helplessly spat out, "Lucky bastard."
He had just finished speaking when he suddenly sensed an extremely unique aura dozens of miles away.
A green whirlpool appeared in the sky, and the strange energy coming out of the whirlpool immediately attracted the attention of several people.
"That's where junior apprentice-brother is cultivating. What method is this?" Yu Shenfeng stared at the green whirlpool, his eyelids twitching.
Li Luoshui's eyes flashed when she saw the green whirlpool.
It was this green energy that had broken the Yin Yang Furnace in the abyss devil region.
Although Luo Zheng had told her about how he had left the divine realm, he had not mentioned this energy.
Since Luo Zheng did not say, Li Luoshui naturally would not ask. But even with her knowledge, she could not see the source of this energy.
"Zheng 'er is cultivating. Let's not disturb him." Li Luoshui said faintly.
As soon as she said that, a green star rushed out of the whirlpool and smashed into Takeshima Forest.
BOOM!
When this star smashed down, the ground within a radius of dozens of miles began to tremble.
Luo Zheng looked at the huge pit in front of him and said indifferently. "The Falling Star Hand depends on the number of Truth Crystals. But my Truth Crystals came from my master's bloodline. What method can increase the number of Truth Crystals?"
In the end, he had relied on the Falling Star Hand to defeat Dongfang Chunjun in the abyss devil region.

Chapter 2510
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Harem Conflict
"Condense more Truth Square Crystals?"
9527 had never thought about this question.
This truth is controlled by this lord, and this lord can use it as he pleases.
Truth Square Crystals?
That is a unique ability of mine, a unique ability bestowed upon me after observing the Grand Unified Energy in the Chaos.
This Bloodline Fusion has already become one with this master, fusing into his bloodline.
Luo Zheng is the one chosen by my lord, and the only one who has inherited my bloodline.
9527 could teach Luo Zheng how to use the Truth Energy, such as the "Falling Star Hand", but it had never thought about how to increase the number of Truth Square Crystals.
"A purer bloodline should be able to condense more Truth Square Crystals," 9527 deduced, but this suggestion was useless to Luo Zheng. After all, he couldn't absorb my lord's bloodline now. "There is another way, and that is to see through the Truth Laws contained in the Truth Square Crystals."
Hearing this suggestion, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
"The Truth Laws."
He tapped lightly with his fingertip, and condensed another Truth Square Crystal.
Luo Zheng's use of the Truth Square Crystal was still at the level of knowing how to use it, but not why.
He could condense Truth Square Crystals, but he couldn't understand the mysterious energy composition at all.
Dongfang Chunjun's use of the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning was also very mysterious. After turning into a Yin-Yang Cauldron, Luo Zheng couldn't understand it either, but that didn't mean it was untraceable.
If Luo Zheng had enough time to cultivate the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning, he could also break this cauldron.
But the energy in the Truth Square Crystal was so complex that it couldn't be compensated with talent. This involved the top secrets of the entire Chaos. Using the Truth Square Crystal to reverse the mystery?
It was too difficult.
"No, there is a third way, and that is to cultivate the Path Energy and recreate the Grand Unified Energy. At that time, you can cultivate all the truths of the entire Chaos, hehe," 9527 suddenly added.
Luo Zheng knew that this guy was teasing him, so he could only roll his eyes.
It seemed that it was impossible to get more Truth Square Crystals in a short period of time, so he had to plan for the long term.
There must be a reason why my lord left the bloodline to him. If the Truth Square Crystal could only stay at this stage, it wouldn't be of much help to Luo Zheng.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng could use the Falling Star Hand repeatedly to increase its power..
If he could cultivate the Falling Star Hand to perfection, he would only need one Truth Square Crystal to unleash extraordinary power, and it would become one of his trump cards.
He scattered the Truth Square Crystal and merged it into his body.
Other than the Falling Star Hand, Luo Zheng still needed to integrate more Divine Daos. However, at this stage, he still needed to wait for his father to return.
At this moment, there were light Light Footsteps behind him.
The bushes parted to reveal Han Liusu, who was wearing a silk robe.
"Liusu: Liusu: Lu: Is Lu
Luo Zheng cultivated here, and usually no one would disturb him. Since Han Liusu was here, he already had a guess. "Is my father back?"
"Yes!" Han Liusu smiled. "Your mother and Luo Nian have both returned to Immortal Mansion. They told me to inform you."
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng didn't say much. He stepped forward, took Han Liusu's hand, and flew towards Immortal Mansion.
Yu Shenfeng had given special care to everyone. Even if the people in Immortal Mansion were only Lower True Gods, they could still travel through Takeshi Xuan Forest without hindrance. Ordinary monsters would automatically avoid them. As long as they didn't provoke those monsters, they wouldn't take the initiative to attack them.
After a while, Luo Zheng and Han Liusu returned to Immortal Mansion.
As soon as they entered Immortal Mansion, there was a tall and sturdy middle-aged man. His eyes were bright, and his eyebrows were thick and neat. His every movement had an irresistible presence.
"Father!"
Luo Zheng stepped in with a smile on his face.
He couldn't recognize the Luo Xiao in front of him as the Luo Xiao who was on the verge of death a few days ago.
Rebirth of the universe was equivalent to being reborn. It was almost like being reborn.
Luo Xiao was originally talking with Yu Taibai. Chen Huang Yijian, Jing Wuhuan, and the others were standing to the side.
After seeing Luo Zheng, their eyes flashed with joy.
But Luo Zheng found something strange. He asked, "Father, where are Mother and Luo Yan?"
Logically speaking, Mother and Aunt Hanjiu shouldn't have left at this time. Even Luo Yan was missing. It was indeed strange.
Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth to speak when Chen Huang Yijian gave him a look. But it was too late.
Luo Xiao's face was slightly embarrassed. He just laughed. "Your mother's personality hasn't changed after so many years. It's okay, I'll go talk to her later."
Although Luo Xiao didn't say it in detail, Luo Zheng already understood eighty to ninety percent of it.
Even though Li Luoshui had experienced so much, she still didn't like Aunt Hanjiu.
Returning to Immortal Mansion, Li Luoshui also didn't give Aunt Hanjiu a good face. Of course, Aunt Hanjiu wasn't willing to be outdone. These days in Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng felt it.
Just now, Yu Shen Feng sensed Luo Xiao's arrival in the forest and told Li Luoshui. Li Luoshui anxiously sent Han Liusu to inform Luo Zheng. She and Luo Nian quickly rushed back to Immortal Mansion.
But just as she entered Immortal Mansion, she saw Aunt Hanjiu nestled in Emperor Hanqing's arms with tears in her eyes.
Li Luoshui's vinegar jar fell to the ground. Unable to vent her anger, she turned and left. Luo Yan saw this and chased after his mother.
"You're not going now?" Luo Zheng smiled slyly.
Luo Xiao waved his hand and said carelessly, "A small matter, a small matter."
Yu Taibai and Chen Huang Yijian's faces were serious. They nodded slightly in agreement with Luo Xiao's words. But clearly, they were suppressing their laughter. After all, this was their master. They didn't dare to joke around like Luo Zheng.
The reason Luo Xiao didn't chase after Li Luoshui was because he had something to discuss. He said, "After I left Huan Yu, I went back to the floating island. That Bai family saint told me that the Dongfang family's floating island was robbed by the Han family."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and the others were shocked. Luo Zheng said, "I expected Emperor Hanqing to act, but I didn't expect him to act so quickly."
"Oh? Zheng 'er, how did you expect that? "Luo Xiao was surprised.
Last time at the Fusang divine tree, father and son met once. But at that time, they were in a hurry and didn't talk about many details.
This time, he naturally told Luo Xiao all the details of the Abyss Demon Realm, including Yue Yinliu's reincarnation and so on.
After Luo Xiao heard this, he was also shocked. He frowned slightly and said, "I heard Bai Zixing say that Emperor Hanqing announced in the Saint Hall that he would re-establish the Rich Family Alliance. With his prestige, the other saints naturally wouldn't listen. He was even humiliated by Zhan Wuji. This matter didn't end."
"Re-establish the Rich Family Alliance."
Luo Zheng and Yu Taibai looked at each other. Jing Wuhuan was also thinking about the meaning behind Emperor Hanqing's actions.
They would eventually have to fight with the Xuanyuan Wei, and the Rich Family Alliance was actually supported by the Xuanyuan Wei.

Chapter 2511
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Breaking the Seal
"Emperor Hanqing can't have the support of the Saints, and the Saints of the previous alliance definitely won't let him go," Yu Taibai quickly pointed out the crux of the problem.
Dongfang Chunjun had operated in the sea of time for so many years not only because of his strength, but also because of common interests and prestige.
It would be good enough if the Saints of the Mu and Leng families didn't find trouble with emperor Hanqing after being reborn.
However, Luo Xiao suddenly shook his head, "The situation might be different from what we imagined. Those Saints were reborn before me, and I heard they gathered on the island a few days ago, but they didn't do anything."
Yu Taibai and Chen Huangyi raised their eyebrows slightly.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng said, "I'm afraid there's only one person who can suppress the anger of the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance."
Luo Xiao nodded. Luo Zheng's reaction wasn't slow.
Yu Taibai also instantly understood, "Master, you're talking about that Xuanyuan Guard."
"They call him Elder Hu," Luo Zheng said.
Jing Wuhuan said, "You mean the Xuanyuan Guard wants to use emperor Hanqing?"
Luo Xiao nodded and frowned, "Dongfang Chunjun is already dead, and to the Xuanyuan Guard, that's a thing of the past. If it's as you say, emperor Hanqing controls the Abyss Demon Domain, the Xuanyuan Guard will need him to break the Origin Origin Seal. That's our biggest problem. That Hu Yan is the weakest of the Xuanyuan Guard, so the Origin Origin Seal that imprisoned him back then wasn't complete, and that's why Dongfang Chunjun released him. If the other Xuanyuan Guards are released by emperor Hanqing, the consequences will be unimaginable. "
Luo Xiao, Saint Jiu, and Gu Bei's plan back then had only included Hu Yan.
Luo Xiao had no idea how to deal with the other Xuanyuan Guards. Those Xuanyuan Guards were far stronger than Saints, and they were undefeatable opponents.
Seeing Luo Xiao's gloomy expression, Yu Taibai and Jing Wuhuan looked at each other. Yu Taibai then looked at Luo Zheng and smiled, "There's some news that you haven't told master?"
"What news?" Luo Xiao felt strange.
From Yu Taibai's words, it seemed like this information was enough to affect the overall situation, but was that possible?
"In the prison of the Fusang Divine Tree, I didn't have time to tell you in detail. At that time, mother and I were trapped underground." Luo Zheng could only tell his father about what had happened outside the Divine Realm.
"In other words, the Li Clan's strong reinforcements are outside the Divine Realm?" Even with Luo Xiao's composure, he was overjoyed at this moment, and his voice rose an octave.
Of course he knew what that meant.
"That's right," Luo Zheng answered.
"Good, good, good!"
Luo Xiao, who was standing at the head of the hall, said "good" three times in a row. He let out a long breath and looked at his son with a meaningful expression.
Back then, he, Gu Bei, and Saint Jiu had racked their brains to set up a trap in the Great Yan Universe. They had placed their last hope on Luo Zheng in order to fight against Dongfang Chunjun.
But in reality, what happened after that was greatly different.
After all, the entire situation was developing dynamically. Any slight deviation could lead to a huge change in the final direction.
No matter how good Luo Xiao was at setting up a trap, it was impossible for him to have everything firmly in his hands.
He could not have predicted that Luo Zheng would mess up the plan of the Wealthy Alliance because of a rat, causing Dongfang Chunjun to fall prematurely, and the other Daoists to not even be able to grow.
It was even more impossible for him to predict that Yue Yinliu would be reborn and replace Dongfang Chunjun to control the Abyss Demon Territory.
Obviously, the biggest deviation was that Luo Zheng left the Divine Realm and found those strong reinforcements in the Nirvana Realm!
"We should go and meet them," Luo Xiao said. "But for now, I'll go and find your mother first."
Then, Luo Xiao left.
Looking at their father's hurried back, Luo Zheng and the others had a smile on their faces.
Solving the conflict between mother and Aunt Hanjiu was enough for father to suffer.
At the peak of the Jianmu Tree.
Emperor Hanqing and Huyan stood on a higher branch with their hands behind their backs.
Below them, Han Cangyan sat cross-legged, strands of black energy constantly flowing around him.
"Why is the Origin Seal so powerful? Even Elder Huyan can't break it. Who cast such a powerful seal?" Emperor Hanqing asked calmly.
Emperor Hanqing was also a bit puzzled. Someone who could cast such a powerful seal should have no problem killing the Xuanyuan Guards, right?
Huyan smiled and said, "Of course the Origin Seal is powerful. Back then, it was Yuan who lured us here to use it. However, this is not Yuan's own power. The Origin Seal is something unique to the Divine Realm. He only activated it. In conclusion, this seal was personally set up by Chi You. Of course it is powerful."
"Chi You cast it himself?" Emperor Hanqing was shocked.
Dongfang Chunjun knew about the mother world through Li Luoshui, so Emperor Hanqing also had a general understanding.
He knew that Chi You was the creator of the Divine Realm. Such a powerful being was an existence he could not imagine.
Huyan nodded. "My big brother guessed long ago that the only way to break the Origin Seal was in the Abyss Demon Realm. He guessed right!"
Back then, Huyan had used all sorts of methods to try and break the Origin Seal, but to no avail.
Black energy flowed from Han Cangyan's fingertips, constantly sweeping towards the sphere in front of him.
The black energy was slowly corroding the outside of the sphere. Although each streak of energy could only leave a small mark, the Origin Seal was unable to withstand the constant corrosion of the black energy.
One day later
An arm-thick indentation appeared in the center of the Origin Seal.
Two days later
The indentation sank even deeper.
Three days later, the center of the Origin Seal was no longer complete. One could see that the indentation was extremely close to the people inside.
At that moment, Pu Zhe said from within the Origin Seal, "Alright! Let him avoid it a bit! "
Emperor Hanqing nodded. Below, Han Cangyan had already retracted his hand. With a light leap, he left the sphere.
Soon after, they felt a powerful and domineering aura emanate from the sphere!
It was as if a burly ferocious beast was trying to break free from the seal!
"Crack!"
Following a cracking sound, a crack appeared in the center of the sphere that was trapping Pu Zhe.
"Break for me!"
"Boom!"
The Origin Seal was unable to withstand Pu Zhe's power in the end. The middle of the Origin Seal was completely broken.
Finally, a burly figure emerged from the Origin Seal and shot towards the sky at an incredible speed.
"Hahaha, after so many years, I'm finally out!"
Pu Zhe's wild laughter filled the sky. Even the treetops above the Builder Tree began to sway.

Chapter 2512
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Wang Zhinv
Pu Zhe flew in a big circle in the air before flying towards the Builder Tree.
Huyan and Pu Zhe had completely different personalities.
Over the years, Huyan rarely showed his strength in front of outsiders.
He even pretended to be a true immortal realm elder and hid in a small god city.
Even Dongfang Chunjun only knew that Huyan was a Paramita realm expert. He didn't know how strong Paramita realm experts were, so he kept a low profile.
But Pu Zhe and Huyan were clearly two extremes.
"Crack!"
The moment Pu Zhe landed, he stepped on the sturdy main pole of the Builder Tree.
Although the Beichen region had turned into a dead region and the Builder Tree was like a dead tree, the tree itself was still alive. Otherwise, it wouldn't be able to maintain the Origin Seal.
Even a saint wouldn't be able to cut through the thick main pole easily.
But when Pu Zhe stepped down, a crack appeared on the surface of the pole. It was as if the pole would snap if he used any force.
"What a domineering aura!"
Emperor Hanqing was shocked by the aura Pu Zhe gave off.
It was the aura of the true meaning of the dao.
Saints were always eager to learn the true meaning of the dao. Even if it was incomplete, they would still cultivate it tirelessly.
Emperor Hanqing had sensed many types of true meaning of the dao, but he had never seen such a domineering one.
"You're not bad," Pu Zhe patted Emperor Hanqing's shoulder, "Stronger than that trash Dongfang Chunjun."
Hearing this, Huyan frowned slightly.
Huyan had supported Dongfang Chunjun for so many years and had some feelings for him. He was naturally disgusted to be called trash right after his death.
But Huyan was the weakest and had the lowest status in the Xuanyuan Guard, so he couldn't say anything.
Emperor Hanqing smiled. "The Chun Jun Grand Sage is probably the only one who has mastered the True Meaning of the Dao. He's at the forefront of all the Saints. If the Chun Jun Grand Sage is trash, then the other Saints are even worse than trash."
Huyan looked at Emperor Han Qing in surprise, but he quickly understood Emperor Han Qing's intentions.
His words sounded modest, but in reality, he was telling the Xuan Yuan Guard that he didn't even have a complete True Intent of the Dao, and he wanted to claim credit and be rewarded.
Pu Zhe laughed. "Dongfang Chunjun's True Meaning of Dao is the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning that Big Brother passed on to him. If you want to cultivate it, wait until Big Brother's seal is broken. It won't be too late for him to teach you. Given enough time, you'll eventually be able to step into the True Intent Sea. Whether you can cross it or not, that's hard to say. "
Emperor Hanqing was overjoyed.
Emperor Hanqing knew very well where Dongfang Chunjun's Yin Yang Chaos True Meaning came from.
However, what Pang Miao taught Dongfang Chunjun was a unique Sanskrit.
Pang Miao imparted a special technique to Dongfang Chunjun, allowing Dongfang Chunjun to absorb the Yin Yang Chaos True Meaning from Sanskrit.
Emperor Hanqing could see the Sanskrit when he peeked into Dongfang Chunjun's memories, but he couldn't understand its meaning. He couldn't see the True Meaning of Yin Yang Chaos True Meaning from it.
Pu Zhe had agreed, but Pang Miao hadn't said anything. Emperor Hanqing decided to strike while the iron was hot. He cupped his hands towards Pang Miao's Chaos True Meaning and asked, "Lord Pang Miao, would you be willing to teach me the True Meaning of Yin Yang Chaos True Meaning?"
Pang Miao said emotionlessly, "As Pu Zhe said, this is a small matter."
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed, and he said, "Let's hurry up and break the seal."
Black light appeared in Han Cangyan's hands again.
It wasn't easy for true gods to leave the divine realm.
There were dozens of large universes in the sky above the Sea of Time. It was very dangerous to barge into a saint's inner world.
Even if you went around the universes in the sky, there was a layer of powerful space law at the very top of the sky.
It was very difficult for upper true gods to break through this layer.
Perfected true gods and quasi-sages could break through it, but no one would do so.
Apart from the saints, everyone else would die if they stepped into the outer world. Almost all true gods knew this.
If a saint wanted to leave the divine realm, it was simple. There were only two steps: enter the universe and leave the universe.
With Luo Xiao's help, Luo Zheng and Li Luoshui returned to the Great Evolution Universe.
According to the time in the universe, he had been gone for more than 200 years. This amount of time wasn't long even for Divine Ocean Realm cultivators. Luo Zheng thought of his friends in the universe.
Luo Xiao saw his son's mood and smiled, "Bring me to visit those Nirvana Realm seniors first. When we return, I will bring you around the universe."
Luo Zheng nodded. Luo Xiao waved his hand gently and built a space tunnel to the top of the universe.
The three of them passed through the top of the universe without any obstruction and stood at the top of the divine realm.
This huge plane could be seen clearly, but because it was too far away, their vision became blurry. They didn't see those Nirvana Realm experts.
"That direction!"
Luo Zheng didn't have a deep understanding of the divine realm, but he had observed the divine realm from various angles.
After confirming the location of the Great Evolution Universe, it wasn't difficult to point out where Elder Jin and Ming Wei were.
Luo Xiao once again brought the two of them with Greater Teleportation. After several teleportations, they finally saw a huge whirlpool rising from the distance.
"It should be that," Luo Zheng said.
"What a powerful aura!" Seeing that huge whirlpool, Luo Xiao's eyes flashed. The power contained in this whirlpool was definitely not something a saint could create.
Buzz.
When the three of them teleported again and walked out of the space tunnel, a faint voice was heard, "Last time, a reckless guy ran out and was killed. It seems like he didn't learn his lesson. Eh, Luo Zheng! Why are you back? "
The one who spoke was Chi Yi.
Elder Jin, Fu Er, and the others were sitting cross-legged and recovering their energy. Hearing Chi Yi's words, they opened their eyes.
Their gazes quickly fell on Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui, who were behind Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Xiao was a saint, in their eyes, he was no different from a Paragon True God.
However, Li Luoshui was different. They could see at a glance that the blood-congealed treasured body was definitely not a product of the divine realm.
They were just puzzled. Who would be willing to sacrifice themselves and use the Yin Yang Furnace to cultivate this treasured body?
"Luo Zheng, who are they?"
Elder Jin asked immediately.
"They are my father and mother." Luo Zheng smiled. "They want to see you."
Just like before, Luo Zheng's father was directly ignored by Elder Jin and the others. Their gazes were uniformly fixed on Li Luoshui.

Chapter 2513
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Six Vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Species
Jade Toad Mountain was a blessed land for gathering spiritual energy. It was also the core area of the royal family.
Exquisite palaces were built around the mountain and were arranged neatly on the mountainside.
When a heavy downpour came, it triggered a light film on Jade Toad Mountain. This light film protected the entire mountain and not a single drop of water fell.
Luo Shui was born in this heavy rain …
Back then, the Li Tribe Nine Tribes celebrated for three months. One could imagine how much Chiyou loved his daughter.
At that time, although the Li Tribe and Dihong Tribe had conflicts, the overall situation was very stable.
As the Great Tribal Chief's daughter, Luo Shui had touched the hearts of many people since she was born.
At that time, Chi Yi had not been exiled and knew of Luo Shui's existence.
However, with Chi Yi's position in the Li Tribe, he had never seen Luo Shui in person. This was his first time seeing her.
"Get up, there's no need to be so polite. I'm afraid I don't live up to my title anymore," Li Luo Shui said calmly.
Although the overall situation had improved a lot …
At least she was reunited with her children and her husband had returned.
However, all the descendants of Jiuli were gone. What happened to the Li Tribe in the mother world? What happened to the Great Tribal Chief? What happened to the Chiyou Guards?
She did not dare to think about it.
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the rest slowly got up. Elder Jin said firmly, "No matter what happened to Jiuli, you will always be our Princess."
Looking at the Chiyou Guards' eyes, Li Luo Shui forced a smile. She was very gratified.
If these Chiyou Guards returned to the mother world, with their strength, they could also rely on other large factions and obtain great rewards.
Even though Jiuli had declined, they still stood on her side. Or rather, they stood on Jiuli's side. This was even more commendable.
"Your Highness, before I was exiled, Dihong Tribe wanted to fight with Jiuli in Zhuolu. What happened?" Chi Yi asked.
Although they deduced from Luo Zheng's words that Jiuli had been defeated, the Chiyou Guards still wanted to know the answer. Even if it would evoke some unpleasant memories of Li Luo Shui.
"The Battle of Zhuolu was the turning point of our Li Clan's fate. In that battle, our Li Clan lost terribly. Even Father was injured in that battle …" Li Luoshui lowered her head and said quietly.
"The Great Chieftain has always been stronger than the Great Dihong Clan. The Chi You Guards of the Li Clan are also stronger than the Xuan Yuan Guards. Why did they lose?" Elder Jin asked with a frown.
In Elder Jin's eyes, Jiu Li was so powerful that no one in the Mother World could shake it.
"We thought so too, but Lie Shan sided with Dihong in the Battle of Zhuolu …" Li Luoshui shook her head and replied.
"What?!"
The expressions of Elder Jin and the others changed drastically. Their faces were filled with disbelief.
"The Lie Shan Clan lives in a remote corner of the world, and they don't interfere with the other clans. They even have a lot to do with the Dihong Clan. Why would they side with the Dihong Clan?" Chi Yi murmured.
Although these people had been away from the Mother World for many years, they were still very clear about the entanglements of the major forces in the Mother World.
The Shennong Great Emperor of the Lie Shan Clan was known for his benevolence and righteousness in the Mother World. They really couldn't understand why Lie Shan Clan would attack Jiu Li.
Li Luoshui shook her head. "I don't know. Father didn't tell us the reason. He only told us to leave …"
"Even if he built a ship called the Domain of the Gods to let you leave, he wouldn't just give you a ship and let a few Xuan Yuan Guards annihilate your clan!" Elder Jin gently nudged Fu Er before he could finish his sentence. He reacted and said, "Sorry, I'm not doubting the Great Chieftain's arrangement. It's just that it doesn't make sense."
"The Domain of the Gods … has Yuan Chengdao's protection," Li Luoshui answered after some thought.
Chi Yi couldn't help but say, "Yuan Chengdao? The Three-star Chi You Guard? He's too weak. With his combat strength, he's far from qualified to protect the princess. "
Elder Jin had never heard of Yuan Chengdao, but Chi Yi knew him.
This person wasn't strong, but he was very resourceful. He was one of the more famous military strategists in the Li Clan. However, in terms of combat strength, he was far from being ranked in the Li Clan.
Logically speaking, no matter how badly the Jiuli Clan was defeated or how weak they were, they should at least have a few experts protecting them.
Not to mention a five-star Chiyou Guard like Elder Jin, it would be normal even if all 81 Demon Gods were sent out!
Li Luoshui didn't know how to answer and fell into deep thought.
That's right. Why would father make such an arrangement …
At this moment, a broad arm wrapped around Li Luoshui's shoulder. Luo Xiao smiled faintly and said, "If it's just to preserve the bloodline of the Li Clan, it's better to send a Li Clan expert to put all the Li Clan members in the ship and then escape. Anyway, the Chaos is so vast. How would the Dihong Clan find them? I don't know if I'm right? "
Luo Xiao's question stunned Elder Jin, Fu Er, and the rest.
Although they knew that this Saint was Li Luoshui's husband, the Chiyou Guards weren't interested. The ones worthy of their respect were Luoshui and Luo Zheng …
"That's true." Elder Jin nodded.
The Inner Worlds of those Nirvana Realm experts could easily store all the Jiuli Clan members.
"But Chiyou didn't do that. This means that he secretly released this ship into the Chaos and no one else knows about it," Luo Xiao continued.
"Even if he secretly released this ship, it wouldn't affect the sending of more powerful experts to guard it," Chi Yi retorted.
"And then? This ship is just to preserve the bloodline of the Jiuli Clan? To let the Li Clan live happily on this ship? If it's just for this, Chiyou should have a better choice, "Luo Xiao continued.
Elder Jin stared at Luo Xiao and asked, "You seem to know something?"
Ever since the "Sacred Clan" suddenly disappeared, the Divine Realm was occupied by the people of the Gods who were born later. Then, Dongfang Chunjun, Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and other outstanding people were born. However, these people didn't belong to the Jiuli Clan and they didn't have the bloodline of the Jiuli Clan.
To these people, the Divine Realm was a huge relic. They cultivated and explored in it. From the Lower True Gods to the Saints, they slowly explored the various mysteries of the Divine Realm. At the same time, they had many guesses in the Divine Realm.
The origin of the Divine Realm, the disappearance of the Sacred Clan, and so on were all secrets left behind from ancient times. These secrets extended into various legends.
It wasn't until the appearance of Li Luoshui that these legends disappeared …
Luo Xiao knew the origin of the Divine Realm. He also knew that there was actually a wider space outside the Divine Realm. There were even Nirvana Realm experts who were more powerful than the Saints.
However, there was a question that had always puzzled Luo Xiao. What was the purpose of Chiyou building this ship?
"The most important thing on this ship shouldn't be the Sword of Tengshe, nor the various forbidden lands. It shouldn't even be the ship itself. It should be the two seeds and the Immeasurable Ruler," Luo Xiao said calmly.
"Seeds? Immeasurable Ruler? "
The few Chiyou Guards were still confused when they heard this.
Li Luoshui then explained, "The two seeds and the Immeasurable Ruler were given to me by my father. They are the Six-Stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Species. One of them is fixed with the bloodline of the Li Clan, while the other is fixed with the bloodline of the Nuwa Clan. It is said that the Nuwa Clan's Six-Stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Species was personally given to my father by Nuwa."
As she spoke, Li Luoshui's gaze looked to the other side.

Chapter 2514
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Conjecture
The Blood Determination Mysterious Seed was a method to preserve the bloodline.
Every large clan in the mother world had trouble when passing down their bloodline.
As the bloodline continued to be passed down, the bloodline of the descendants would be diluted.
For example, Li Luoshui was a member of the Jiuli Tribe and Luo Xiao was an outsider. Their descendants' bloodline would inevitably be diluted.
The appearance of the Blood Determination Mysterious Seed solved this problem.
After taking the Blood Determination Mysterious Seed, one could preserve their descendants' bloodline to the purest.
However, the Blood Determination Mysterious Seed also had different grades. For ordinary people, they only needed the ordinary Blood Determination Mysterious Seed.
In the Mother World, one-vein and two-vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Species were quite common, but six-vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Species were extremely rare.
Therefore, when Ming Wei heard Li Luoshui mention the six patterns Blood Determination Mysterious Seed given by Nuwa, her ears perked up. This meant that one of Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao's children had the bloodline of the Nuwa Tribe. If the six patterns Blood Determination Mysterious Seed was created by Nuwa herself, then this child might have the purest bloodline of the Nuwa Tribe!
Of course, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan were still the children of Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao. There was no doubt about this. The Blood Determination Mysterious Seed only passed down the bloodline. It was an ability.
"My Li Tribe's Blood Determination Mysterious Seed was used on Luo Zheng, right?" Elder Jin stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Xiao nodded.
"No wonder the Bloodcry Stone shattered …" Chi Yi smiled bitterly.
When they tested Luo Zheng's bloodline in the bone pagoda of the Chiyou Tribe, they didn't find out the limit of Luo Zheng's bloodline. They only knew that Luo Zheng's bloodline was definitely King Grade. Now, it seemed that they still underestimated Luo Zheng.
"Then what is the meaning of the Infinite Ruler?" Elder Jin continued to ask Luo Xiao.
Luo Xiao asked, "What do you all think of the Dao Fusion Divine Ability?"
"Dao-fusion divine ability … Is that what Luo Zheng is cultivating? Hehe, I don't know who made him cultivate it, but it's destined to be fruitless. "Chi Yi shook his head.
Elder Jin said, "This path has been proven by countless people. It's impossible to walk it."
The others couldn't help but nod. This was common knowledge in the Mother World.
Fusing the Dao itself was extremely troublesome. Most True Gods would not waste time fusing other Divine Daos after reaching the Great Circle of Perfection. Instead, they would begin to cultivate the true meaning of Dao and cross the Nirvana Realm as soon as possible.
"What if it was your Great Tribal Chief who asked my son to cultivate it?" Luo Xiao asked.
As soon as he said this, the Chiyou Guards choked.
Chi Yi's eyes widened as he said: "Even the Head Tribal Chief was wrong. The Head Tribal Chief also tried and admitted that he failed …"
Chi You's attempt to fuse the Dao Fusion Divine Ability was not a secret. Many Li Clan disciples knew about this.
"But I suspect that Chi You really did find a way to fuse the Dao. I even suspect that the Li Clan's fate is related to the Dao Fusion Divine Ability. As you said just now, Lie Shan had no reason to help the Dihong Clan, but he still helped the Dihong Clan defeat the Jiuli Clan. Perhaps someone didn't want anyone from the Jiuli Clan to cultivate the Dao Fusion Divine Ability, so they made the Dihong Clan and Lie Shan join forces. Chi You himself couldn't cultivate the Dao Fusion Divine Ability completely, so he let the Domain of the Gods go and gave the two seeds and the Infinite Ruler to Luo Shui," Luo Xiao said in one breath.
"That Infinite Ruler …"
"That Infinite Ruler has a total of three thousand scales, one for each Divine Dao. It's to make it easier for Zheng 'er to fuse the Divine Daos," Luo Xiao replied.
"But this is just your own conjecture and deduction," Fu Er said softly.
Luo Xiao smiled faintly. "Deduction is the direction. All that's left is to prove it. Am I right?"
"You're right," Ming Wei's voice rang out faintly. "If I were Chiyou and I really had the means to recreate the 'grand unification', it would be worth it for me to take this risk. Perhaps I would even bring Lady Nuwa with me … I just don't know where the other possessor of the six-striped mysterious species is now. Can I see her? "
Luo Yan was the daughter of Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui. She had nothing to do with the Nuwa Clan.
But since Luo Yan had inherited Nuwa's Divine Ability, her bloodline was also extraordinary in the Nuwa Clan. Ming Wei had to pay attention to her.
"My daughter Luo Yan is still in the Domain of the Gods," Li Luoshui said faintly.
Ming Wei nodded. She seemed to be thinking about something and didn't say anything else.
"Do you think my father's deduction is correct?"
Luo Zheng, who had been silent on the side, suddenly asked 9527 in his mind.
When he was in the Outer Domain, Luo Zheng had heard people mention more than once that it was impossible to recreate the Great Unification. 9527 had said it, Elder Jin had said it, and even Fuxi had said it.
But Luo Zheng still had a glimmer of hope in his heart. After all, this was what his father had taught him. What if it worked?
"Incorrect." 9527 didn't give Luo Zheng any chance to think and rejected Luo Xiao's idea. "The Great Unification only appeared once at the beginning of the Chaos. This is common knowledge. If Chi You really recreated the Great Unification, this means that the truth can be learned. This is simply impossible."
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. "Isn't there a one in ten thousand chance?"
"Not even one in a hundred million," 9527 snorted.
"Okay …" Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
Even if 9527 had made a judgment, Luo Zheng still didn't give up in his heart.
Since there were three thousand scales on the Infinite Ruler, he had to fill it up …
The others naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng was asking 9527. After Ming Wei's words, Elder Jin and the others couldn't doubt her anymore. After all, Luo Xiao's deduction was somewhat reasonable.
"Luo Zheng once mentioned those Xuan Yuan Guards. How are they now?" Elder Jin asked again.
The Chi You Guards couldn't get involved in the disputes of the Great Chief and the others, but they were worried about the real threat. The biggest problem in the Divine Realm now was those Xuan Yuan Guards.
"Someone has already taken control of a forbidden area. It won't be long before they can break out of the Origin Seal," Li Luoshui said.
Elder Jin's eyes flashed slightly. "In that case, you can stay in the Outer Domain. We will protect your safety."
Ming Wei also took the opportunity to say, "Yes, you can't fight against those in the Nirvana Realm, but you can put your family in the small world and bring them here. It won't be too late for you to return after we break out of the Divine Realm!"
Ming Wei naturally wanted to test the bloodline of that Luo Yan. Although she didn't know what Lady Nuwa was thinking, as long as they were of the same bloodline, she had this obligation. Besides, she was willing to stay here because of Luo Zheng.
"I'm afraid not." Luo Xiao shook his head.
"Why?" Elder Jin frowned and asked. He felt that this was the safest way.

Chapter 2515
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Orders
Elder Jin looked at Luo Zheng, thought for a while, and said, "Then at least leave the princess to us to protect."
Since he could not convince Luo Xiao, he could only settle for the next best thing.
Unexpectedly, Li Luoshui smiled and said in an unquestionable tone, "I will follow you, husband."
Since Li Luoshui was unwilling, the Chiyou Guards could not force her to stay. In the end, they could not convince Luo Xiao.
However, Luo Xiao promised that he would send Li Luoshui and the rest out as soon as they encountered an irresistible threat in the divine territory …
Watching Luo Xiao and his family leave, Elder Jin's expression was still complicated, and he was slightly disappointed.
Ming Wei smiled and comforted him, "Some things can only go with the flow. Maybe that is what Chiyou wants?"
"That's true." Elder Jin nodded. "But we have to speed up, the faster the better …"
"The healing speed of this spatial barrier is slower than we expected. The time it will take to break through the spatial barrier should be shortened by about a year. Two and a half to three years should be the limit," Ming Wei said with pursed lips.
"When the Xuanyuan Guards break the seal, the situation on this ship will probably take a turn for the worse. Three years is still too slow." Elder Jin shook his head.
"We have to think of a way. Previously, we thought it would take at least five years!" Ming Wei said optimistically.
At this moment, a person flew out of the whirlpool. It was a Nirvana Realm powerhouse from the Nuwa Clan.
This Nirvana Realm powerhouse had exhausted the power of faith in her body and looked a little tired.
"My turn." Elder Jin did not hesitate and rushed into the whirlpool.
The space barrier that separated the divine territory and the outer region could slowly recover, so they could not stop. If one person came out, the other would have to fill in. Otherwise, all their efforts would be wasted.
…
…
On the Builder Tree …
The last sphere cracked open.
A beam of purple light shot out and stopped at the top of the Builder Tree.
This person wore a purple Daoist robe with a golden satin belt around his waist. There was a faint light flowing around his body. His eyes seemed to be hiding two swords that were extremely sharp.
"Brother Pang Miao!"
"Brother!"
"Congratulations!"
This person was the leader of this group of Xuanyuan Guards.
Pang Miao stood at the peak of the Builder Tree and looked up at the distant horizon, the corners of his mouth curling up slightly.
They, the Xuanyuan Guards, had only boarded this ship due to a freak combination of factors, and they never expected that they would be gone for so many years. Now that they were released, they were filled with emotion.
Pang Miao was the last to be released.
When all of the Primordial Chaos Seals were broken, the entire Builder Tree began to shake violently.
The surging death energy in the North Star Region had also completely dissipated. Small sprouts extended from the bare Builder Tree's surface. If one stood at a high vantage point, they could see the Builder Tree turning green at a visible rate.
The Beichen Region, which was originally a dead region, was suddenly filled with vitality.
He believed that it wouldn't be long before the Northern Star Region would be filled with the chirping of birds and the fragrance of flowers …
"Big brother, let me destroy this broken tree!" Pu Zhe said angrily as he looked at the tree full of vitality.
They had been trapped by this tree for so many years. Naturally, Pu Zhe was not happy to see this.
"Forget it. It's not the tree that trapped you, it's Yuan Chengdao. Why don't you go find trouble with him?" Pang Miao chuckled lightly, looking completely at ease. "But didn't we already promise this friend? Let's go to the floating island first. "
Emperor Hanqing hurriedly cupped his hands at Pang Miao.
A day later, Emperor Hanqing returned to the Hall of Saints.
He stood in front of the Hall of All Life and spread his voice once more. "Saints, quickly come to the Hall of Saints!"
When Emperor Hanqing's voice rang out in the ears of the Sages, they began to mutter in their hearts.
"He's at it again …"
"How long has it been? Does he still want to humiliate himself?"
"… …"
However, it wasn't as if no Saints had come this time.
Although the Saints of the Noble Alliance were unhappy with Emperor Hanqing, they understood Elder Hu's choice. They didn't want to fight the Paramita experts.
Hum …
The first to appear in the Hall of Saints was Fang Shixing.
When he saw the five people behind Emperor Hanqing, his expression changed several times. Did Emperor Hanqing really release those Paramita experts?
Next was Mu Haiji, Tang Lun, and the others …
When they saw the Paramita experts, they couldn't help but be shocked.
Not long after, the Noble Alliance's members all appeared in the Hall of Saints.
Pang Miao glanced at the Sages and asked, "Are all the Sages here the people from the Grand Family Alliance?"
"Yes." Emperor Hanqing nodded.
Pang Miao smiled gently, and a gentle aura spread out, making people feel like they were bathing in the spring breeze. "You all once followed Dongfang Chunjun and were also members of the Wealthy Alliance. You also contributed to us brothers breaking the Primordial Chaos Seal …"
Then, he pointed his finger and a golden light shot out and circled in front of Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, and the others.
All of the Saints stared at the speck of golden light in front of them with some confusion.
Mu Haiji looked at it and said, "Is this a Sanskrit?"
"It's the complete Yin Yang Chaos True Meaning. And it's something you can understand. Just insert your consciousness into it," Pang Miao replied.
Hearing Pang Miao's words, the Saints were stunned. Then, a flash of joy appeared on their faces. They all sent their consciousness into the light. After confirming it, they were all ecstatic.
It should be known that Dongfang Chunjun's ability to surpass all the Saints was also because of the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning. Although Dongfang Chunjun had other opportunities in the Sea of True Meaning, if they had the chance to set foot in the Sea of True Meaning, would they not have such opportunities as well?
Emperor Hanqing stood in the center and frowned. He didn't expect Pang Miao to be so generous as to give the complete True Meaning of Dao to these people.
But then again, if he wanted to win over these Saints and have them serve the Noble Alliance wholeheartedly, this was probably the fastest way.
The Saints all thanked Pang Miao. Pang Miao waved his hand and said, "We're all family now. No need to be so polite. But why aren't the other Saints here?"
Emperor Hanqing said, "Those Saints don't belong to the Noble Alliance. It won't be easy to order them around."
"Is that so?"
Pang Miao still had the same smile on his face. With a light leap, he floated in the air.
At the same time, he said to Emperor Hanqing, "Let them come up."
Emperor Hanqing understood and spread his voice from the Saint Hall. "Saints of the Noble Clans, please come to the Saint Hall. If you don't obey, don't blame us for being rude!"
"Is that so? I'd like to see just how rude you are going to be … "Jian Leiting's cold voice rang out again.
But as soon as he finished speaking, an extremely powerful True Intent of the Dao enveloped all the floating islands from top to bottom.
When Jian Leiting felt the True Meaning of Dao, his face changed drastically.
"Sword Essence of Eternity!"

Chapter 2516
Retribution
The strength of this aura completely exceeded the understanding of the Saints.
It wasn't just Jian Leiting, but also Wuji, Bai Zixing, and the other Saints who didn't belong to the Wealthy Alliance.
"Who is this person?"
"As far as I know, Elder Hu behind the Wealthy Alliance didn't cultivate the Eternal Sword Intent …"
"Could it be that the other Xuan Yuan Guards were released?"
The Saints were also in an uproar …
The quasi-saints and True Gods under the Saints also felt the pressure.
All the disciples of the Floating Islands looked up at the sky. The aura that was everywhere seemed to penetrate their chests, bearing an indescribable pressure.
Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, and the others in the Sacred Hall felt Pang Miao's aura and held their breaths.
Pang Miao took two steps in the air and stood in the middle of the hall, looking down.
Soon, his gaze seemed to find someone in the air. He put two fingers together and suddenly pointed down …
The Eternal Sword Intent gathered at his fingertips and turned into a bright white sword-light that struck the floor of the Sacred Hall.
"Bo!"
The floating Sacred Hall was instantly penetrated by the sword-light, leaving a small circular hole in the floor.
After the sword-light pierced through the Sacred Hall, it pierced through the Dongfang Clan's floating island and into the Sword Tribe's floating island!
"Ping!"
The Sword Ocean Tower's blue tiles were pierced through. The sword-light pierced through the three-story Sword Ocean Tower and went straight for Jian Leiting.
By the time Jian Leiting reacted, it was already too late for him to use greater teleportation.
Before he could step into the spatial passageway, the thin sword light had already pierced through his head from head to toe.
The sword-light didn't stop there. It quickly pierced through the Sword Tribe's floating island and drew a long arc in the sky. After piercing through the Tang and Leng Clan's floating islands, it hit the Sea of Time at a certain angle …
"Lord Leiting!"
"Sage Emperor Leiting …"
"What's wrong …"
The Sword Tribe members outside the Sword Ocean Tower rushed in and saw Jian Leiting standing there in a daze, unable to move at all.
The Sword Tribe disciple who was at the front bumped into Jian Leiting. Jian Leiting's body fell backward and landed on the ground with a plop, leaving behind a group of Sword Tribe disciples who were dumbfounded.
The Sword Tribe members couldn't hear the conversation in the Sacred Hall. They could only feel the powerful aura and couldn't understand how their Saint was killed on the floating island!
"I've already killed that Saint from the Sword clan. However, with Huan Yu's support, he can still live. This is only a small punishment. Next time, if I act, you all can forget about being reborn," said Pang Miao proudly.
Saint's Saint Emperor Leiting's's Sacred Hall's Leiting...
"He killed Leiting Jian with a single strike?"
............
"Leiting Sword's strength is in the top five of the Saints!"
. "" That's not the point. The point is that he can prevent Saints from being reborn … "
It wasn't scary for a Saint to be killed, as they could be reborn in a month or two. But Pang Miao's words were even more shocking.
If he could really kill a Saint, then the situation would be completely different!
This reminded the Saints of something that happened many years ago.
Back then, Dongfang Chunjun had led the Noble Alliance to capture Li Luoshui, and several of their Saints had been devoured by the Black Fire Torrent. No one knew what Li Luoshui had done, but those Saints couldn't be reborn. Their Huan Yu had also collapsed.
Emperor Hanqing smiled proudly when he saw the looks of fear on the faces of the Saints. "Everyone, you should have shown yourselves by now, right? Do I have to invite you one by one? "
As soon as he finished speaking, figures appeared in the Templars one after another.
These Saints didn't take Great Emperor Han Qing's words seriously, but with such an expert behind Great Emperor Han Qing, how could they resist?
In the War God Temple of the Xuan Yue Clan, Zhan Wuji frowned.
Before this, Jing Wuhuan had visited the Xuan Yue Clan. He wanted to work with the Xuan Yue Clan and the Sword Race to fight against the Noble Alliance.
It was a good choice.
No matter how strong Dongfang Chunjun was, they still had the ability to fight him.
That was why the Xuan Yue Clan had agreed to work with the Sword Race.
If they chose to fight against the Noble Alliance, the Xuan Yue Clan would stand up without hesitation.
Who knew that Dongfang Chunjun would die in the Abyss Demon Realm, and they had to face a Nirvana Realm expert?
At this moment, a figure appeared in the War God Temple.
Zhan Wuji cupped his fists and said, "Big brother, shall we go up?"
The big brother that Zhan Wuji referred to was the Sect Leader of the Xuan Yue Clan, Li Xuanyue.
The Xuan Yue Clan was formed by the merger of three major factions. The Sect Leader of the Xuan Yue Clan, Zhan Wuji of the War God Temple, and the Green Demon House Master of the Heaven Soul Tower.
The Green Demon House Master was not on the Floating Island. He was stationed on the Southern Dipper Seeking Tree.
Li Xuanyue's expression was ugly as well. Anyone would find it difficult to deal with such an expert. It was almost impossible to resist.
"Let's go up. Let's see what Emperor Hanqing wants to do first. We'll plan after that," Li Xuanyue said.
"But if we submit to Emperor Hanqing, then …" Zhan Wuji gritted his teeth.
"There's no need to fight with Emperor Hanqing. Let's listen to their plan." Li Xuanyue's eyes flashed.
As the third most powerful Floating Island, the three Sages of the Xuan Yue Clan believed that their strength was on par with Emperor Hanqing. It was hard for them to accept the fact that they had to submit to the Han Clan. However, they had no other choice.
"Let's go!"
"Buzz, buzz …"
After the two stepped into the Space Tunnel, they appeared in the Saint Hall.
The moment Emperor Hanqing saw Everlasting Zhan appear, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, "Brother Everlasting Zhan, you have finally come out."
Zhan Wuji's expression was dark. He did not say anything.
"That day, you asked me what I had to rely on to challenge you all. I wonder if my reliance is enough?" Emperor Hanqing sneered, his Qi was overbearing.
When had Zhan Wuji ever been mocked like this?
With his personality, even Dongfang Chunjun would fight back. The War God Temple was never afraid of battle or death.

Chapter 2517
Labyrinth
The Xuanyue Clan was led by the Xuanyue Cult. Li Xuanyue was the strongest of the three Saints of the Xuanyue Clan and was said to be in the top three. However, Li Xuanyue rarely showed himself in public. The daily affairs of the Xuanyue Clan were usually handled by Everlasting Zhan.
Compared to Everlasting Zhan, Li Xuanyue was so low-key that it was as if he didn't exist.
Emperor Hanqing glanced at Li Xuanyue and didn't make things difficult for Everlasting Zhan. "Today, I'm here to discuss the matter of forming the Alliance."
"The Rich Clan Alliance has always existed, and Brother Emperor Qing is a member of it. Now that the Chun Jun Grand Sage is dead, if the Saints of the Rich Clan Alliance are willing to recognize you as their leader, it will be a joyous occasion. Let me congratulate Brother Emperor Qing first," Li Xuanyue said politely to Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing smiled. "In addition, I want all the Noble Clans to join the Alliance."
When the Sages outside the alliance heard this, they frowned slightly.
Emperor Hanqing had said this before, but they only treated it as a joke.
But with those Paramita Realm experts to rely on, this wasn't something that could be laughed at.
Li Xuanyue said calmly, "The Alliance is only a product of the Saints. If Brother Emperor Hanqing wants everyone to join, I'm afraid it won't be good."
Emperor Hanqing glanced at Everlasting Zhan and the other Saint of the Sword Race, Jian Wuhen. "It won't be good for those who don't want to join. As I said before, the Noble Floating Island will only have one Alliance. If you don't want to join, then leave the Sea of Time."
Li Xuanyue's expression froze when she heard this in front of everyone.
The other Saints looked even more gloomy.
Emperor Hanqing was indeed arrogant. After gaining power, he became even more vicious than Dongfang Chunjun.
"Joining the Wealthy Clan Alliance is a matter of great importance. There are many factions in my Xuanyue Clan. I can't make the decision alone. Can I give Brother Chunjun an answer another day?" Li Xuanyue asked again. Under such circumstances, he couldn't reject Emperor Hanqing directly.
"Sure." Emperor Hanqing looked at Jian Wuhen.
Jian Wuhen's face had been dark ever since he arrived at the Sage Hall. After all, a Sage from the Sword Race had just been killed. How could he look good?
"How does the Sword Race plan to answer me?" Emperor Hanqing asked.
Jian Wuhen forced a smile. "The Sword Race is the same as the Xuanyue Clan. I need to return to Ruo Mu. I'm afraid it will take some time."
Emperor Hanqing looked at the other Saints and said, "It looks like you won't be able to give me an answer today."
"I still have to answer to the Clan members...."
"Those elders of my clan are stubborn. I'm afraid I'll have to persuade them for a while …"
"......"
Emperor Hanqing's.
Everyone knew that the Sage was the core existence of a wealthy family. His words carried enormous weight. These old fellows were all following Li Xuanyue's lead and finding excuses to stall for time.
Qing Emperor sneered, "Alright, I'll give you a month. I hope you don't disappoint me. Otherwise, don't blame me."
The Saints Emperor Hanqing's Emperor. by Emperor Emperor Emperor Hanqing.
Just as Jian Wuhen was about to leave, Emperor Hanqing said, "Brother Wuhen, please wait."
Jian Wuhen's face darkened. "Emperor Hanqing, what do you want?"
"It's not me. Brother Pang Miao is looking for the Sword Race." Emperor Hanqing smiled.
Pang Miao looked down at Jian Wuhen from above the Sacred Halls and asked proudly, "Ruo Mu is not a place of attack. It was created by A Thought of Good and Evil, right?"
Jian Wuhen's heart sank when he heard Pang Miao's words.
The Sword Race didn't know the origin of the Forbidden Land. It was only after Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng's appearance that the Sword Race learned of its secrets.
Although Elder Yuan had never shown his true appearance in the Sword Tribe, Yuan Chengdao had used Ruo Mu to create the entire non-offensive zone. This was almost a natural barrier for the Sword Tribe and also one of the foundations of the Sword Tribe. Yuan Chengdao's role could not be underestimated.
"The Sword Race doesn't know anything about One Thought of Good and Evil," Jian Wuhen said.
Pang Miao smiled. "This Thought of Good and Evil is Yuan Chengdao's True Dao. All these years, he's been hiding under Ruo Mu. That's for sure. I'll have to trouble you to lead the way."
"That's … not so good. The Sword Race …" Jian Wuhen tried to think of an excuse to refuse Pang Miao.
Pang Miao said, "Yuan Chengdao has trapped us for so many years. Some grudges need to be settled. I'm not negotiating with the Sword Race. The Forbidden Land can stop the Saints, but it can't stop us. If you don't like it, I don't mind wiping the Sword Race off the face of the Realm of the Gods."
Pang Miao's voice was calm. It didn't sound like he was deciding the fate of the second most powerful race in the Realm of the Gods. It was as if he was just wiping out an insignificant fly.
Jian Wuhen clenched his teeth. Facing Pang Miao's hidden threat, he could only choose to compromise.
…
…
Compared to the people on the floating island, the Immortal Abode was still immersed in a peaceful atmosphere.
After making a trip to the Outer Realm, Luo Xiao's heart calmed down a little.
If Luo Xiao's previous thoughts were to deliberately fight against the Wealthy Alliance, now he had to consider how they could safely get through the next few years.
"Father, you told Elder Jin and the others that the Saint Mountain was about to descend and that I had a mission. What did that mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
At that time, Luo Zheng had also been suspicious.
Sainthood would not have a significant effect on Luo Zheng's strength. After all, they were facing the Xuan Yuan Guards who had crossed the Nirvana Realm.
"I don't know either." Luo Xiao smiled faintly.
Hearing his father's answer, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
Seeing his son's expression, Luo Xiao smiled and said, "Even your mother doesn't know your grandfather's true intentions in building this ship. As a father, I can only guess. Do you still remember the maze on the Path of Despair?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
On the last section of the Path of Despair, Luo Zheng had stepped into a huge maze.
After spending four months and experiencing countless failures, Luo Zheng had finally passed through the maze. Miraculously, the maze had been left in his mind ever since.
Afo had once told Luo Zheng that the maze had been left behind by the Saint Clan. It was extremely important. Master had copied it from his memories. The real maze was many times larger than this maze.
But after being in the Realm of the Gods for so long, this maze had never been used.
Now that his father had mentioned the Saint Mountain and the maze, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He asked, "Father, you're saying that the maze is in the Saint Mountain?"

Chapter 2518
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Xuanyue Clan's Way Out
"What's at the end of this maze?" Luo Zheng continued asking.
Luo Xiao shook his head. "I've never entered that maze."
"Mother doesn't know either?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Xiao smiled. "The Li Clan doesn't have a thorough understanding of the Divine Dominion. Luo Shui isn't sure either, but Gu Bei thinks that there's the key to controlling the Divine Dominion."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
After the Divine Dominion left Chi You, it was obviously in an independent state. If he could replace Chi You to take over the Divine Dominion, be it the Wealthy Clan Alliance or the Nirvana Realm experts, the problems would be easily solved.
However, there was one thing that Luo Zheng still didn't understand.
Even a world in the universe could develop its own consciousness with the accumulation of time.
The Divine Dominion had left Chi You for so long, but it didn't seem to have developed its own consciousness.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, Yu Shenfeng's voice suddenly came from the outer hall. "A Saint has entered the Takeshima Forest."
"A Saint?" Luo Xiao's expression froze slightly.
At the same time, Jing Wuhuan's voice came. "Which Saint is it?"
"It's Li Xuanyue from the Xuanyue Clan and Zhan Wuji from the War God Temple," Yu Shenfeng said.
Hearing Yu Shenfeng's words, Luo Xiao quickly walked out and said, "Quick, invite them in!"
Li Xuanyue and Zhan Wuji were slightly surprised to see Luo Xiao. Only the Bai Clan's Saint knew that Luo Xiao had returned to the floating island after being reborn in the universe.
However, they quickly understood that the Dongfang Clan was already a thing of the past. Although the floating island of the Dongfang Clan was still high above the Time Sea, this Wealthy Clan was destined to decline. Naturally, the Dongfang Clan couldn't trap Luo Xiao.
"Brother Xuanyue, Brother Wuji, how have you been?" Luo Xiao smiled.
Li Xuanyue cupped his hands at Luo Xiao. "I didn't expect Saint Xiao to have returned. Brother Xuanyue, what a surprise!"
When the Luo Clan was in trouble, neither the Sword Clan nor the Xuanyue Clan helped. Instead, they only took a look.
After all, the Clan Dongfang Clan's Word. the Sword Clan and Sword Clan could only protect themselves.
Now that Li Xuanyue had personally come to meet Luo Xiao and called him brother, there was a hint of apology hidden in her words.
Luo Xiao did not care about this. If he was the leader of the Xuan Yue Clan, he would not rashly get involved in such a situation.
"May I know why Brother Xuan Yue is here today?" Luo Xiao asked.
Li Xuanyue looked at Jing Wu Huan and sighed, "Not long ago, Jing Wu Huan went to our Xuanyue Clan to discuss the alliance. At that time, we still had to wait and see what the Sword Clan's attitude was. Today, I'm afraid that things have changed …"
Hearing Li Xuanyue's words, Luo Xiao's eyes flickered. "What happened on the floating island?"
"That Emperor Hanqing is too much. He wants to monopolize the Sea of Time!" Everlasting War said angrily before Li Xuanyue could say anything.
"Monopolizing the Sea of Time?" Luo Xiao looked surprised. "It's impossible for him to do it alone. Could it be …"
"Emperor Hanqing released the other Xuanyuan Guardians." Li Xuanyue sighed. "With the Xuanyuan Guardians' support, how can the other Sages resist?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng, Jing Wu Huan, and Yu Taibai's expressions changed.
"Too fast …" Yu Taibai frowned.
"Emperor Hanqing just took control of the Abyss Devil Realm and released the Xuanyuan Guardians. This …" Jing Wu Huan was stunned.
Luo Zheng knew that since Emperor Hanqing had seen all of Dongfang Chunjun's memories, he would definitely plot to replace him. It was not difficult for Emperor Hanqing to do this in a short time. After all, Emperor Hanqing knew everything that Dongfang Chunjun knew.
"One of the Xuanyuan Guardians called Pang Miao even killed Jian Leiting on the spot. He also said that he has the means to kill a Sage," Li Xuanyue said calmly.
He then recounted what he saw in the Sacred Hall.
"Give an answer within a month. All the Sages have to join the Sacred Hall. Emperor Hanqing is too …" Luo Xiao smiled bitterly.
"Isn't that a little too overbearing?!" Everlasting War's face was filled with rage at the mention of this.
"Then what do you plan to do?" Luo Xiao stared at Li Xuanyue.
The release of the Xuanyuan Guardians from the Origin Seal was a huge problem. It was practically a watershed.
It didn't matter if they were forced to join or if they joined willingly. The Sages that joined the Sacred Hall were on the opposite side of the Li tribe.
"I don't care what you think. The War God Temple will never join!" Everlasting War said hatefully.
Seeing Everlasting War like that, Li Xuanyue smiled bitterly, "I didn't say that the Xuanyue Clan will definitely join. Don't we need to discuss this with Third Sister?"
"Third Sister won't listen to you," Everlasting War said again.
The Third Sister they were talking about was Heaven Soul Tower's Qing Yao Tower Master.
Li Xuanyue looked calm, but he was under a lot of pressure. Facing an undefeatable opponent, the only choice was to submit. But the Xuanyue Clan was originally an alliance of three factions. They had agreed to never join another faction.
"Leaving the Sea of Time doesn't seem like a bad thing," Luo Xiao suddenly said.
Li Xuanyue shook his head, "You're wrong, Firmament Saint. If Emperor Hanqing controls the Sea of Time, it's the same as giving up the entire Divine Dominion. In the future, even the Nandou Domain won't have a place for us to live. Also, if we don't submit to Emperor Hanqing, he won't let us go even if we leave the Sea of Time."
"If he doesn't let us go, the Xuanyue Clan won't let us go either," Everlasting War continued.
Li Xuanyue glanced at Everlasting War, "You're a match for the Xuanyuan Guardians?"
This sentence made Everlasting War choke …
In the Divine Dominion, strength was everything. With Emperor Hanqing as his backing, the only thing the others could do was submit or be slaughtered.
"Actually, we only need to wait three years. After three years, we'll see the results," Luo Xiao suddenly said.
"Three years?" Li Xuanyue asked curiously, "Could it be … Brother Luo Xiao really has a way to deal with it?"
The Otherworldly Paramita Realm wasn't a secret to the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance, but the other clans didn't know about it.
But Luo Xiao didn't tell Li Xuanyue everything. Instead, he said, "We do have a way to deal with it. As for what it is, we can only tell you after the Xuanyue Clan has made their decision."
Once the Xuanyue Clan decided to side with the Wealthy Alliance, they would also become enemies.
"Brother Luo Xiao, don't think too much. I, Everlasting War, have already made my decision. I won't join the Wealthy Alliance. I'll just have to depend on Emperor Hanqing's mood," Everlasting War said firmly.

Chapter 2519
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Souls Enter the Sea
The two Saints of the Xuanyue clan were sent out of the Immortal Abode by Yu Shen Feng.
Only then did Luo Xiao sigh softly. "I hope they can make the right choice."
"It wouldn't be surprising if they chose to surrender," Yu Taibai said.
Most Saints would compromise in order to continue their clan and protect their status as a noble family.
"But it might not be the best choice." Luo Xiao smiled.
Under Luo Zheng's lead, Luo Xiao had seen the Nirvana realm in the outer realm. He naturally understood that there was a big gap between the two forces. He naturally hoped that the Xuanyue clan would make the best choice.
"Looks like we have to withdraw the Gu clan's disciples from the floating island," Jing Wuhuan said, a hint of disappointment on his face. "But I don't know where Master is now …"
Not long after Luo Xiao was imprisoned by the Dongfang clan, Gu Bei had left the floating island.
Now that Luo Xiao had returned safely, there was still no news of Gu Bei.
Luo Xiao also shook his head and smiled. "He was originally very interested in the Outer Realms, but exploring the Outer Realms would consume too much of his energy. Fortunately, there aren't many people in the Gu Clan. Even the Immortal Abode can accommodate them.
Now that the Xuanyuan Guards had been released, there was no safe place in the divine territory. The only place that could stop them was the forbidden area. And even the forbidden area might not be able to stop the Xuanyuan Guards.
Jing Wuhuan nodded. "I will send people to find out about the floating island's movements …"
The entrance to the Takeshi Swirl Forest was not completely closed to the floating island. They still had ways to find out some information about the floating island.
At this moment, Luo Nian poked his head out of the door and smiled. "Grandfather, you said you would exchange with me!"
Looking at his grandson, the worry on Luo Xiao's face disappeared. He smiled. "Of course. Looks like as a grandfather, I have to bask in my grandson's glory …"
It turned out that Luo Nian had unintentionally heard Aunt Han Jiu imparting the "True Meaning of Dao" to Luo Xiao. Luo Nian had a little idea. After all, he was the one who translated the True Meaning of Dao. Logically speaking, he had to get his approval. Thus, he naturally facilitated a "trade".
…
…
Originally, Luo Zheng had wanted to leave the Immortal Abode and continue absorbing the Way in the Tablet according to the images in his mind.
However, with the appearance of the Xuan Yuan Guard, they had no choice but to push back. They needed to observe the movements on the floating island and wait until everything had stabilized.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng chose to go into closed-door training.
After cultivating to perfection, it meant that the Divine Dao had already reached the end.
Luo Zheng had already cultivated the True Intent of Dao Technique to 99%. The purpose of this seclusion was to perfect the True Intent of Dao and construct the True Intent Boat.
"Last time, I entered the Sea of True Meaning, but that was with my physical body. What should I do if I want to enter again?" Luo Zheng asked 9527.
"I don't know," 9527 answered straightforwardly.
"How could you not know?" Luo Zheng was somewhat helpless.
"The Ancient God Cultivation Method is to escape into the Sea of True Meaning through the Fleshly Body Calamity. You … I don't know. You probably need to be roasted with fire again?" 9527 laughed.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. No matter what, this time, he had to break through the final shackles of the True Intent of Dao.
After that, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. The True Intent of Dao Technique that Luo Nian had copied was spread out, and the large words leaped into his eyes.
At first, Luo Zheng did not feel any pressure and recited it extremely quickly. However, as the words constantly flashed past Luo Zheng's eyes, the pressure increased bit by bit.
In fact, Luo Zheng's Soul Power had already far surpassed that of an ordinary Perfect True God. Even in the Mother World, he was probably outstanding. However, he could not cross the final few words of the True Intent of Dao Technique no matter what.
The problem did not lie with his Soul Power. At least for now, Luo Zheng would not faint.
When cultivating the True Intent of Dao in the Mother World, it was normally to open up a separate world and display the concept of the True Intent of Dao through the environment. Therefore, comprehending the True Intent of Dao in the Mother World was usually gathered together by many Perfect True Gods.
Under the stimulation of the concept, the cultivator could often succeed in one go.
Luo Zheng did not have such conditions now. He could only rely on himself to break through …
"Wei, Yi, Qing, Zhi, Mo …"
When he recited to this point, Luo Zheng's teeth began to chatter.
His entire Soul had entered a very extreme state. It was as if there was an invisible high wall in front of him. He could not cross this high wall. He had to use brute force to break through it. Naturally, the pressure he had to bear was huge.
As for Luo Zheng's cultivation of the True Intent of Dao Technique, 9527 did not give any guidance.
Theoretically speaking, the True Meaning of the Dao was limitless. However, some of the geniuses in the Origin World had found their own paths. Others simply followed this path and walked down it. As for this high wall, Luo Zheng could only rely on himself to climb over it.
However, 9527 could also see that Luo Zheng was simply using his Soul Power to break through it!
Such a method was indeed reckless. If it were other people, they would have fainted countless times. Even the Soul of a Sun Soul might be damaged. However, if he really broke through it, it would be of great benefit to him.
One day …
Two days …
Five days …
After consuming Soul Power for such a long time, Luo Zheng was also somewhat unable to bear it. He continuously replenished several medicinal pills that did not increase Soul Power.
This kind of effort was not in vain. The entire True Intent of Dao Technique was only missing six words before it was complete. The picture of the Sea of True Intents was also vaguely displayed in front of him. After all, Luo Zheng was someone who had been to the Sea of True Intents. It was just that the Sea of True Intents he saw when his physical body entered it was a different scene.
On the tenth day, Luo Zheng was able to recite two more words. He was only short of four more words now …
On the fifteenth day, only two more words were missing.
However, on this day, Luo Zheng overused his Soul Power and actually fell to the ground. Even if Luo Zheng's Soul Power was strong, it would eventually be exhausted.
After waking up, he did not hesitate and continued to recite the True Intent of Dao Technique.
"Good!"
On the twentieth day of seclusion, Luo Zheng was almost gnashing his teeth as he spat out the last word of the True Intent of Dao Technique.
At this point, Luo Zheng had finally merged his Sun Soul with the entire True Intent of Dao.
"Boom!"
The True Intent of Dao Technique emitted from his body. An azure picture completely enveloped Luo Zheng. He found himself sitting on a small boat, floating in a sea of stars.
At the same time, everyone in the Immortal Mansion felt the strange movement in the Cultivation Pagoda.
The Cultivation Pagoda forged by Gu Bei could isolate almost all fluctuations, but it could not isolate the aura of the True Intent of Dao. Everyone's eyes were focused on the Cultivation Pagoda.
"Looks like that kid broke through," Yu Shenfeng said with a faintly disappointed expression.

Chapter 2520
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The Rumored Man
"This is the boat of True Intent …"
The boat formed by the True Intent of Dao was like a physical object that could be touched.
Luo Zheng reached out and knocked on the side of the boat, and there was a faint echo of wood.
He knew that this was definitely not a physical object. In fact, even his body was formed by his soul. The boat of True Intent was probably something imagined by some special means.
"This sea …"
The last time Luo Zheng stepped into the Sea of True Intent, he saw a red sea. But this time, it was a blue sea.
This sea exuded a sense of vastness, as if all the mysteries of the chaos were concentrated in it.
"Hu …"
The sea in front suddenly rolled up, and a sea breeze blew.
On the boat of True Intent, Luo Zheng felt a biting chill!
This chill blew directly on the surface of the Sun Spirit, but it sank into the depths of the soul, causing Luo Zheng to shiver uncontrollably.
"No wonder one has to cultivate the Sun Spirit to cross the Sea of True Intent. If one's soul is not fully developed and cannot cultivate the Sun Spirit, an ordinary soul would not be able to withstand this gust of wind. I'm afraid it would collapse immediately!"
Luo Zheng finally understood why it was so difficult for those guys to advance in the Sea of True Intent.
The difficulty of crossing the Sea of True Intent with the soul was far greater than the physical body.
"Splash!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard the sound of water flowing from his left.
A blurry boat appeared out of thin air and fell into the Sea of True Intent.
With his previous experience, Luo Zheng immediately understood that this person should be like him, someone who had just comprehended the True Intent of Dao.
Luo Zheng had no interest in communicating with others. With a flash of thought, the boat under his feet began to move forward. Unexpectedly, just as his boat moved forward, the boat behind him also moved and followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
Standing on the boat of True Intent, Luo Zheng felt as if he was in an ice cellar. His soul power was also greatly depleted.
After traveling for some distance, he slowed down a little. Who would have thought that just as he slowed down, the boat behind him also slowed down. It seemed that this guy was determined to follow him no matter what.
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, a clear voice came from behind, "You … can you hurry up?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and replied, "If you want to be faster, you can overtake me. Why are you following behind me?"
"My soul is not as strong as yours. I can save some soul power by following behind you." That clear voice sounded again.
Although he couldn't see her face, just hearing her voice was enough to make people think of her.
"You can save energy if you stay behind me?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course! That's why those big forces all form groups to cross the Sea of True Intent. It's much harder for one person to cross the sea than a group. It's fate that the two of us are together, right? "That voice had a hint of a smile. In order to follow behind Luo Zheng, she actually took the initiative to get close to him.
Luo Zheng revealed a helpless smile. He remembered that the first time he entered the Sea of True Intent, those boats also moved in an orderly manner.
"Alright then." Luo Zheng didn't say much.
He simply sat down cross-legged and concentrated on controlling his boat to move forward.
As he slowly accelerated, the boat behind him also increased its speed.
But just after moving forward for some distance, that clear voice sounded again. "Why are you crossing the Sea of True Intent alone?"
"Aren't you also alone?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
"I … I'm different from you." The person behind him replied.
"What's the difference?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Because I'm a unique existence. Hmph, those guys aren't qualified to travel with me." Her voice revealed a trace of pride.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Even if you're a unique existence, you still have to obediently cross the sea, right?"
"But most people can't set foot on the other shore in their lifetime, but I'm destined to set foot on the other shore!" she replied confidently.
"Is that so? Then congratulations, "Luo Zheng responded.
He had a rough guess about this woman's identity. She should be a proud son of God from some big force in the Mother World, or the successor of some expert.
Just from the aura of her soul, this woman's soul power was actually not weaker than his. Hiding behind his boat was probably purely for the sake of saving energy and slacking off …
The two of them, one in front and one behind, continued to move forward like this. This woman threw out some questions from time to time, wanting to find out about Luo Zheng's identity and origin. Luo Zheng casually made up an identity and dealt with it.
"Did you know? I heard that a strange person appeared in the Sea of True Intent! "she said again.
"Strange person?" Luo Zheng asked.
"En, but I don't really believe it. They said that there's a guy who doesn't rely on his True Intent to transform into a boat, swimming naked in the Sea of True Intent, and actually wants to swim across the Sea of True Intent! It's really inconceivable! "the woman continued.
"Swim across …" Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide. Wasn't this talking about him?
Could it be that this matter had spread so widely in the Mother World?
In fact, the appearance of a swimmer in the Sea of True Intent was indeed a shocking matter.
After the disciples of Greater Heaven Palace left the Sea of True Intent, they immediately reported it to the elders in the Heavenly Palace.
But the Mother World's territory was vast, and some rumors would take a long time to spread. After the higher-ups of Greater Heaven Palace learned of this matter, they also ordered the disciples of the Heavenly Palace not to casually reveal this matter. Therefore, the news of this "swimmer" was not completely spread, but it was still circulating in a small area.
But this woman's identity was special, and the elders in her family had revealed it, so naturally they paid attention to this matter.
"Yes, isn't it terrifying? This Sea of True Intent can turn all Yang souls into nothingness, and that guy can swim freely in the sea. I really don't know where he came from … "the woman exclaimed." I think he must not have gone far. During this period of time, I consumed two Soul Stabilizing Bamboos to break through the shackles and step into the Sea of True Intent. Who knows, maybe we can still meet that guy? "
"It's really terrifying," Luo Zheng agreed.
Only after the soul had stepped into the Sea of True Intent did they understand the terror of the Sea of True Intent. Even if it was his soul, if it was contaminated by the water of the Sea of True Intent, it would most likely be annihilated in an instant.
One could imagine what it would be like to be seen by others swimming in the Sea of True Intent.
The two chatted like this, and with the passage of time, they had already rushed out a long distance. They were not far from the end of the first section of the Sea of True Intent.
But at this moment, dozens of True Intent boats suddenly appeared on the other side of the sea.

Chapter 2521
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Soul Elixir
Because this group of people was traveling with the wind, their speed was extremely fast. It was naturally impossible to avoid them.
"We might be in trouble," the woman on the boat behind said with a faint laugh.
Luo Zheng stared at those True Intent boats and counted silently in his heart. There were a total of 15 True Intent boats in this group.
The boats condensed from different True Intents of Dao released different auras.
Just like the boat condensed from Luo Zheng's True Intent of Dao technique, it gave off a very serene and logical feeling. The woman behind him condensed a boat using the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent. As her boat glided, there was a faint sense of sharpness.
The auras of these 15 boats were exactly the same. There was a faint fluctuation of space contained within. They must have cultivated the True Intent of Void Disillusionment.
This group of people should belong to a large force …
When Luo Zheng made this judgment, the 15 boats had spread out in a fan shape and blocked in front of Luo Zheng's boat.
"Stop!"
A burly figure stood on one of the True Meaning boats in the lead.
In the Sea of True Intent, they couldn't see each other's appearance, but from the figure, they could see that this person was presumably very sturdy.
"Hua …"
Luo Zheng's True Intent boat slowly stopped and asked indifferently, "What's the matter …"
Just as the other party was about to answer, the woman behind him beat him to it. "Why are you still asking? Most likely you want to extort a few Soul Elixirs!"
"Soul Elixirs?"
It sounded like an elixir that strengthened the soul, but the term and name in the Mother World was quite different from the God Domain. Luo Zheng couldn't determine the effect of this elixir from its name.
"You haven't even heard of Soul Elixirs? How did you step into the Sea of True Intent …" She was surprised to hear Luo Zheng's tone.
"What are you pretending to be confused for! If you want to pass through here, each person has to hand over three Soul Elixirs. Otherwise, you will be buried in the Sea of True Intent today, "the leader said coldly. His tone contained an unquestionable power.
That woman also felt that Luo Zheng was pretending to be confused.
In the Mother World, there were some elixirs that specifically targeted the soul, and Soul Elixirs were one of them.
When crossing the Sea of True Intent, if one's soul force wasn't enough, they would have to rely on the Soul Elixir at the crucial moment.
Especially the nine lines of the Sea of True Intent. Each line was a barrier, and replenishing a few Soul Cores at the crucial moment was also a trump card to break through these barriers.
This kind of medicinal pill was very common in the Origin World, but the materials used to refine Soul Pills were also very precious. Furthermore, the various major forces had a great demand for Soul Pills. Every disciple who crossed the Sea of True Intent had to be given a few, so these Soul Pills were naturally in high demand.
Those large forces were well equipped with Soul Elixirs, while the weaker forces were in short supply.
Therefore, the disciples of these weak forces naturally had to think of other methods, such as entangling themselves in the Sea of True Intent and relying on their advantage in numbers to plunder others in the sea.
If it was the disciples of the major forces who had assembled the fleet, they naturally wouldn't cause trouble.
Like Luo Zheng and that woman, who traveled in twos and threes, or who traveled alone, the True Meaning boats were their targets.
That woman urged, "Hey, these people are grouped together. It's not good to provoke them. Just take out a few Soul Elixirs. In any case, you'll be safe!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was both angry and amused. "Firstly, I don't know what a Soul Elixir is, and I don't have it on me. Secondly, even if I did have Soul Elixirs, I wouldn't pay for you."
That woman curled her lips and said, "So heartless …"
"The two of you don't need to talk nonsense. Quickly take out your Soul Elixirs, and I'll naturally let you leave. Otherwise, you'll die in the Sea of True Intent. Hahaha!" As he spoke, he released his aura. He was obviously preparing a soul attack.
Other than the leader, the other 14 people were also preparing a soul attack.
Almost everyone in the first line of the Sea of True Intent had just stepped into the Sea of True Intent not long ago. In terms of soul strength, the gap wasn't too big. Luo Zheng's Sun Soul was far superior to that of a Perfect True God in the Divine Territory, but even he found it difficult to deal with more than ten Sun Souls teaming up.
Facing this scene, Luo Zheng's face slightly darkened. He said, "Die in the Sea of True Intent? If I leave this place, what can you do to me? "
In the Abyss Demon Region, Luo Zheng had stepped into the Sea of True Intent with his physical body, and he had once smashed other people's boats. If they temporarily left the Sea of True Intent, they could avoid being buried in this sea.
"Hehehe, we brothers have plenty of time. If you have the ability, you'll never come to the Sea of True Intent. We'll guard here, and you'll eventually come back!" another person among the 15 people sneered.
Naturally, they couldn't guard here forever, but they had already grasped the thoughts of ordinary people. It was just a few Soul Elixirs, and spending some money was better than attracting conflict. However, they simply didn't expect that Luo Zheng didn't have any Soul Elixirs at all.
"But I really don't have any Soul Elixirs," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"Kid, if you refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit, then don't blame us …"
"We just want to accumulate some Soul Elixirs to cross the first line. Since you're not willing to spend money, I'm afraid you'll have to pay with your life!"
"…"
The aura of these people in front of him skyrocketed. Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and traces of golden light brewed in his eyes. Facing more than 10 Yang Souls at once, he also felt a lot of pressure.
However, Luo Zheng also understood that if he really couldn't beat them, he would immediately withdraw from the Sea of True Intent. He didn't believe that these people could guard here forever.
Seeing this, the woman on the boat at the back suddenly became anxious.
She thought that Luo Zheng just wanted to bargain with these people, and completely didn't expect that Luo Zheng really wouldn't take out any Soul Elixirs.
"If we really fight, it's really not worth it," the woman sighed in her heart.
With her ability, if she used her soul magic treasure, it was enough to tear these guys in front of her to pieces.
However, these guys were just dregs in her eyes, and using her soul magic treasure was completely a waste. She could only sigh softly. "Alright, everyone, don't fight. I'll pay for the Soul Elixirs!"
As she spoke, her blurry figure stretched out her hand, and six brown streams of light shot over, landing on the boat of the person in the lead.
When these brown streams of light swept past Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng also felt a rich soul power. It seemed that this Soul Elixir was indeed a panacea that nourished the soul.
"You should have taken it out earlier. At least you know what's good for you!"
The person in the lead picked up the Soul Elixir and sneered. Then, he turned the bow of the boat and sped forward. The others also followed him amidst a burst of laughter.
After these people left, the woman at the back said, "You owe me three Soul Elixirs!"
Luo Zheng asked instead, "Are the Soul Elixirs very useful in the Sea of True Intent?"
"Of course. Even after setting foot on the Nirvana Realm, the effect is not small. Isn't there such a saying? Soul Elixirs are the currency in the Nirvana Realm! "The woman said and then asked," You seem to … really know nothing about Soul Elixirs? "

Chapter 2522
Physical Body Online
"I really didn't know before," Luo Zheng replied.
The woman was even more baffled. "Are you not from the Mother World?"
"En," Luo Zheng replied.
In any case, they couldn't see each other in the Sea of True Meaning, so Luo Zheng didn't have to deliberately hide his identity. The other party couldn't possibly guess his origins.
"Let me think. You're from the Heavenly Oasis, and you're from the Ghost Slayer Clan. No, the Ghost Slayer Clan's body shape is much larger than yours …" The woman guessed.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't tell her his origins. He already had another idea in mind.
Since these guys dared to rob others' Soul Cores in the Sea of True Meaning, Luo Zheng could do the same.
But he obviously couldn't do it alone.
If he wanted his physical body to step into the Sea of True Meaning, then his soul must first withdraw from the Sea of True Meaning.
Even if he relied on his physical body tribulation to obtain Soul Cores, he wouldn't be able to transmit them to his soul.
Through this woman, there was a way …
Once this idea arose, it couldn't be stopped. His gaze fell into the distance. Those people weren't moving slowly. The 15 boats had already turned into small black dots floating on the blue Star Sea.
The woman was still tirelessly guessing Luo Zheng's origins, but Luo Zheng said, "Let's follow them and catch up to those people."
"What? You want them to rob you? "The woman asked.
"No, I'll find a way to return your Soul Cores," Luo Zheng said.
"Return my Soul Cores? No need … "The woman smiled faintly. With her status, a few Soul Cores were nothing in her eyes.
Luo Zheng said seriously, "Not only that, I'll get more Soul Cores, but I'll need your help. Can you cooperate with me?"
His words made her somewhat puzzled.
He was obviously a guy from outside the Mother World, and he was also poor. How was he going to get Soul Cores? He couldn't just rob them, right? Was he going to snatch it all by himself?
"How are you going to get Soul Cores?" The woman was also interested.
"You will know when the time comes …" Luo Zheng said.
Since that was the case, the woman didn't ask any more questions. Instead, she urged the True Intent boat to follow behind Luo Zheng.
The two small boats, one at the front and one at the back, were also approaching against the sea of True Intent.
Under the continuous advancement, the wind and waves in the Sea of True Intent also became greater and greater.
Gusts of wind blew over, causing Luo Zheng's skin to sting. However, he still stood at the bow of the ship, following the fleet in front of him at a moderate pace.
"I've heard that those fellows outside the Mother World are all boorish people. Their souls are generally not strong. You seem to be different from them. This is your first time entering the Sea of True Intent, but you have the confidence to cross the first line," the woman said curiously.
"Maybe," Luo Zheng replied.
"We're not far from the first line," the woman said.
After traveling for quite a distance, the starlight in the Sea of True Intent became more and more intense, and the chill in the seawater became more and more piercingly cold.
"It's about time," Luo Zheng said. "You continue to follow those guys. I'm leaving for a while."
"What?" The woman was slightly stunned.
"Just wait for me. By the way … what's your name?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I … you can just call me Xiao Shuang," she replied.
Those who came to the Sea of True Intent were more or less on guard against outsiders. She obviously would not tell Luo Zheng her real name.
"Okay!"
Luo Zheng nodded and let 9527 drag him out of the Sea of True Intent.
The common method to quickly leave the Sea of True Intent was to use an Illusion Breaking Incantation. However, this Illusion Breaking Incantation was obviously a method that only existed in the Mother World. If he borrowed the help of 9527, he would be able to achieve a similar effect.
"Hum …"
With a tremor, Luo Zheng and the small boat disappeared in front of "Xiao Shuang" at the same time.
Xiao Shuang didn't know what Luo Zheng was up to, but she wanted to see what kind of tricks he had up his sleeve. She obediently followed behind them and continued to approach the first section of the line.
…
After Luo Zheng got out of the Sea of True Intent, a thought flashed through his mind.
The red-eyed girl had appeared beside him.
Last time, Luo Zheng entered the Sea of True Intent with his physical body through the burning of the red-eyed girl's flames.
But Luo Zheng had tried this kind of body forging many times. Why could he enter it only this time?
Even 9527 couldn't explain the reason behind it.
Although 9527 had the memory of the original owner, it could not be as wise as the original owner after all.
Now Luo Zheng was just trying again …
"Feng!"
The girl's eyes blinked twice. Red lotuses had already circled around Luo Zheng, completely enveloping him.
This Cultivation Tower should not be able to withstand the girl's flames, but she was almost a natural fire controller. She could completely contain the scorching aura and would not burn down the Cultivation Tower.
The scorching aura poured into Luo Zheng's body. The surface of his body had an amazing change again.
Golden whirlpools wrapped around him, and the red lotuses wrapped around him turned into a red sea of fire …
Luo Zheng quickly found himself in a unique state. He was very aware that he only needed to take one step forward to enter the sea of fire, and one step back to return to reality!
"So there is no mystery. It seems that after my physical body enters this state, I can freely step into the Sea of True Intent," Luo Zheng said in his mind.
"Hoo …"
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng had already fallen into the red sea of fire.
When the Yang Spirit stepped into the Sea of True Intent, he felt a penetrating coldness that penetrated his soul. When the physical body stepped into the Sea of True Intent, he felt a sore burning sensation, as if he was jumping between summer and winter.
"Last time, I already crossed the first line. If I want to catch up with those guys, I have to go down smoothly …"
"Crash!"
Luo Zheng spread out his arms like a flexible fish. When he went down smoothly, he bounced on the surface of the water two or three times. This speed was amazing. In less than two or three breaths, he had already crossed a line.
"Look! There's a fish jumping over from the other side of the line! "
"How is that possible? The left and right sides of the line are two completely different worlds!"
"It doesn't look like a fish, but a person …"
"This is even more impossible …"
Compared to a person, they were probably more willing to believe that it was a fish.
For all the Perfect True Gods, this line was an insurmountable bottleneck. After painstakingly crossing this bottleneck, they still went back? They had never heard of anyone doing this.

Chapter 2523
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Robbery
The nine sections of the Sea of True Intent was a huge challenge for most people.
Only a small number of geniuses could pass it in one go, and all the big powers could also challenge the first section after giving their disciples enough soul elixirs and soul magic treasures.
But most people could only slowly pace around the first section, allowing their souls to withstand the test of the north wind and adapt to the coldness of the Sea of True Intent. Then, they would carefully attack the section, which was as difficult as passing the tribulation.
Cao Yu controlled his boat of true intent and hummed a tune. He was in a good mood.
For this tribulation, under the alliance of the big and small powers in the north of the Heavenly Muzhi Continent, more than 10 people had successfully grasped the True Intent of the Dao.
If it was just Cao Yu alone, he would have no chance of success. But with more than 10 people together, they were comparable to the disciples of the big powers.
This gave Cao Yu the ability to rob others!
The Heavenly Muzhi Continent was not a big continent in the mother world. It was very unremarkable, and the north of the Heavenly Muzhi Continent was even more desolate.
The only advantage was that the north of the Heavenly Muzhi Continent had once produced an extremely powerful Nirvana Realm expert, and this Nirvana Realm expert had left a Sky Way Obliterating Tablet Inscription on the largest mountain in the Heavenly Muzhi Continent.
Standing under the Sky Way Obliterating Tablet Inscription to cultivate the True Intent of Void and Vanishing was twice the result with half the effort. So most people in the Heavenly Muzhi Continent used the Sky Way Obliterating Tablet Inscription to enter the Sea of True Intent.
Even after entering the Sea of True Intent, Cao Yu only received two soul elixirs from his family. The Cao Family was one of the big families in the north of the Heavenly Muzhi Continent. Among the group of people who had entered the Sea of True Intent with him, some did not even have one soul elixir.
Cao Yu was the most outstanding one in this group, so he naturally became the leader.
More than ten people teamed up and specifically searched for those who were alone to rob.
There were not many tricks in a battle on the soul level. Even the geniuses of the big powers would find it difficult to fight against more than 10 people working together. Cao Yu set the number of soul elixirs very low, only three soul elixirs per person. Even the geniuses of the big powers would choose to hand over their soul elixirs to keep the peace.
Over time, Cao Yu managed to rob quite a number of soul elixirs.
Now that everyone had accumulated enough soul elixirs, it was time to break through the Sea of True Intent
"Big Brother, that girl seems to be following us! She can't be thinking of revenge, right? "Someone behind Cao Yu muttered.
After some people were robbed, they would feel indignant. It was very likely that they would gather their companions to seek revenge. This was especially true for people from large factions. It was very easy for them to find their companions within a certain distance. If they encountered those troublesome fellows, they would not be a match for them.
"That won't happen. Even if we really want to take revenge, we'll just leave the Sea of True Intent for a period of time. These fellows' time is much more precious than ours, so it's impossible for them to guard here forever," Cao Yu replied indifferently. That woman is actually very powerful. Although I don't know what kind of soul magic treasure she is wearing, it won't be difficult for her to take us down. "
"Ah? How is that possible? "Another person exclaimed in shock.
Cao Yu sighed and casually said, "In the eyes of someone like her, giving us a few Soul Pills is like giving away beggars …"
"Yes, our Tian Muzhou's northern region is still too barren. Without a large faction to rely on, we can only rely on ourselves," another person said.
"So these people deserve to be robbed by us. One day, if I can reach the other side, I will also trample on their heads!" Cao Yu said coldly, a dangerous glint in his eyes.
He had never concealed his ambition. Only with enough ambition could he take a step forward. Only with enough ambition could he transform into the strength to push him to the other side.
"What about the other fellow? That fellow seems to have left the Sea of True Intent, "another person said.
Cao Yu waved his hand impatiently. "Let's not bother about that idiot. I don't know where he came from, but he actually managed to enter the Sea of True Intent. He's just lucky to have someone help him get his share of soul elixirs."
People who did not even know about soul elixirs were destined not to go far in the Sea of True Intent.
"We're not far from the first line. Everyone, get ready. When we're about ten miles away from the first line, the north wind will suddenly increase …" Cao Yu reminded them.
Suddenly, someone said, "Big Brother, there seems to be a fish running over in front!"
"Fish? Are you sure you didn't see wrongly? There are indeed things in the Sea of True Intent. There are also fish, but the first line is desolate … "Cao Yu stopped halfway because he had also seen that so-called" fish. "
"Hua, hua …"
Cao Yu saw clearly that it was not a so-called fish. Instead, it was a person leaping rapidly on the surface of the Sea of True Intent. He was actually rushing towards them!
Xiao Shuang was bored to death as she drove her Sea of True Intent boat. She was still thinking about what Luo Zheng's words meant.
After that fellow finished speaking, he disappeared. She did not know what he was up to.
"Why don't we call it a day …"
Xiao Shuang did not intend to break through the first line, even though it was not difficult for her.
Moreover, it was meaningless to follow behind this group of people who relied on robbing for a living.
She did not lack those soul elixirs!
Just as Xiao Shuang was silently chanting the "Illusion Breaking Incantation" and was planning to leave the Sea of True Intent, she suddenly saw waves blooming in the distance.
"Fish? Eh … No, it's a person! "
Almost instantly, Xiao Shuang recalled that rumor.
As for that rumor, Xiao Shuang did not really believe it. After all, if she did not see it with her own eyes, it was indeed unbelievable.
In this bone-chilling Sea of True Intent, there was actually someone who could swim in it. Wasn't that too miraculous?
She forcibly stopped the Illusion Breaking Incantation. Her eyes were glowing as she stared at the person swimming over from afar.
Although this person was swimming in the Sea of True Intent, his strength was extremely great. Every time he hit the surface of the sea, his entire body would soar into the air. After leaping about ten feet in the air, he would then hit the surface of the sea again, alternating back and forth. His speed was more than ten times faster than ordinary Sea of True Intent boats!
"When this person comes over, I must follow him. I really don't know how he did it. If I can find out a thing or two, Granny will reward me!" Xiao Shuang's lips curled up.
Cao Yu and this group of people were still very easy to identify.
Although Luo Zheng could not see their faces, there were exactly fifteen Sea of True Intent boats in front of him. And these Sea of True Intent boats released the Void Disillusionment True Intent!
"Hua …!"

Chapter 2524
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Stupid method
Cao Yu didn't react for a while.
Although he didn't know how this guy in the sea did it, in their eyes, this guy was definitely an unimaginable god!
Why would such a person come to snatch the soul elixirs? Cao Yu couldn't describe his feelings.
But after he reacted, he suddenly felt that this voice was somewhat familiar.
"Big, big brother … he seems to be that guy just now!" Someone behind Cao Yu reminded.
"Which guy …" Cao Yu asked.
"The one who doesn't even know what a soul elixir is. His boat of True Meaning is the True Meaning of Dao," the person behind continued.
Only then did Cao Yu react. Looking at this person on the sea, his heart suddenly trembled with fear. "You, you're that guy just now …"
Luo Zheng swam in front of Cao Yu's boat and said coldly, "I said, don't talk nonsense. Hand over the soul elixirs and I can spare your lives! Otherwise, I'll smash your little broken boat! "
Behind the crowd, Xiao Shuang was also stunned on the boat of True Meaning.
She blinked her eyes and recalled what that guy had said to her.
That guy said he would return her soul elixirs, asked her to wait, and asked her to follow these boats of True Meaning …
So he was the swimmer in the sea of True Meaning!
"This guy actually has two identities in the sea of True Meaning? How is this possible … "
Xiao Shuang couldn't figure it out, but she was also extremely excited. Originally, she thought that crossing the sea of True Meaning would be a boring journey. She didn't expect to meet such a fun guy as soon as she set foot in the sea of True Meaning!
"But you're so stupid. I'm afraid you won't be able to snatch the soul elixirs like this," she thought to herself. "But I can help you …"
Cao Yu and the others were silent for a while in the face of Luo Zheng's threat.
The soul elixirs they snatched with great difficulty were as precious as their lives. It was their guarantee to cross the sea of True Meaning.
This group of people had been wandering around the same line for a long time. Giving up the fruits of their labor to this guy was worse than killing them.
"Big brother, we were wrong just now. How about I return those six soul elixirs to you?" The overbearing Cao Yu suddenly disappeared, and he spoke humbly to Luo Zheng.
He knew that such a person wouldn't bicker with him.
As for the Soul Core?
For someone who could swim naked in the True Intent Sea, there were plenty of people who would give him Soul Pills.
But Cao Yu didn't expect that Luo Zheng really didn't have any other way to get the Soul Elixir.
"Don't make me say it again. How about this? There are fifteen of you in total. Give me three Soul Elixirs each, and I'll pretend that nothing happened," Luo Zheng continued to threaten.
Three Soul Elixirs per person meant that there were forty-five Soul Elixirs in total.
Luo Zheng didn't know if he could use the Soul Elixir to break through one segment, but there were a total of nine segments in the Sea of True Intent, and it wasn't easy to cross them. To him, the more Soul Elixirs he had, the better.
Cao Yu realized that this matter couldn't be covered up.
However, it was impossible for him to take out the Soul Elixir. That was the entire fortune of him and his brothers in the Sea of True Intent.
"Since this Big Brother isn't willing to let us go, we can only temporarily leave the Sea of True Intent." Cao Yu said indifferently, "Brothers, cast the Illusion Breaking Incantation!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly became anxious.
He had neglected this point. These Sun Souls could withdraw from the Sea of True Intent at will.
If these guys left the Sea of True Intent, Luo Zheng wouldn't have the time to keep guard here.
At this time, Xiao Shuang, who was behind these people, smiled faintly. "At the crucial moment, I still have to make a move. Sword Qi Confusion Incantation …"
After speaking, her chest suddenly emitted a burst of light. The light transformed into a dark green necklace. This necklace was clearly a Soul Artifact!
"Buzz …"
This necklace emitted a unique Soul Force. As this Soul Force spread, it immediately enveloped a radius of several hundred feet around Xiao Shuang. As for Cao Yu's group of fifteen people, they quickly discovered that their minds were in a mess. The Illusion Breaking Incantation that was originally at the tip of their tongues couldn't be chanted properly!
Luo Zheng didn't hold back. He blasted out a punch in the water, fiercely smashing it on Cao Yu's True Intent boat.
This True Intent boat was constructed with True Intent of the Dao and was originally extremely fragile. How could it withstand Luo Zheng's punch? Half of the front side of the boat immediately collapsed. This True Intent boat began to tilt forward, and the Sea of True Intent water began to pour into it.
"This, this …" Cao Yu was greatly shocked. As long as he touched the Sea of True Intent water, he would definitely die. His Yang Soul would be instantly annihilated!
But his Illusion Breaking Incantation couldn't be chanted properly under that damned woman's interference!
He retreated to the stern of the True Intent boat and said with a long face, "Sir, Senior … please let me go. I, I …"
"Can't you just give him the Soul Elixirs? I will remove this Confusion Incantation and let you safely leave the Sea of True Intent, "Xiao Shuang said faintly from behind.
Now that Cao Yu's boat had been destroyed, the person he should be begging for mercy should be Xiao Shuang. Only when Xiao Shuang stopped the Sword Cloud Confusion Incantation could he escape from the Sea of True Intent. For someone like Cao Yu who had constructed a True Intent boat, it wasn't difficult to construct another one.
"Here! These are all the Soul Elixirs! I won't leave a single one behind! I'll give them all to you! "
With death at hand, how could Cao Yu hesitate? He hurriedly took out all the Soul Elixirs and threw them to Luo Zheng.
Seeing this handful of Soul Elixirs sprinkling down, Luo Zheng's reaction was also very fast.
He flipped over and swept his hand through the air, catching all of the soul cores in his grasp.
When Xiao Shuang saw this scene, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. The dark green necklace around her neck also dimmed and disappeared into her Yang soul. The Sword Cloud Confusion Incantation was also removed.
At this moment, most of Cao Yu's True Intent boat had already sunk into the sea. He could only stand at the stern of the boat, and his Yang Soul Body was trembling incessantly.
The instant the Sword Cloud Confusion Incantation disappeared, he finally succeeded in casting the Illusion Breaking Incantation …
"Buzz …"
His entire body and the True Intent boat trembled and disappeared from the Sea of True Intent.
After Cao Yu left, those who followed him also hurriedly cast the Illusion Breaking Incantation and left the Sea of True Intent with Cao Yu.
Only Xiao Shuang on the boat and Luo Zheng in the sea were left on the surface of the sea.
Xiao Shuang stared at the blurry figure in the sea and said with a trace of a smile in her voice, "You … just planned to return my Soul Elixirs like this?"
Luo Zheng nodded and then threw the Soul Elixirs in his hand onto Xiao Shuang's boat. "We'll each take half. Wait for me!"
After his voice fell, his entire body leaned back and sank into the Sea of True Intent, disappearing from Xiao Shuang's sight.
Xiao Shuang picked up the Soul Elixirs on the True Intent boat one by one and counted them. Then she said helplessly, "After going through so much trouble, he only got 60 Soul Elixirs. This guy is really …"
Just as Cao Yu said, people like Xiao Shuang didn't care about a few Soul Elixirs. Cao Yu's behavior couldn't be considered robbery in her eyes.
She didn't even care about a few dozen Soul Elixirs, let alone a few hundred or a thousand Soul Elixirs. Luo Zheng's behavior was even more interesting in Xiao Shuang's eyes. He obviously had unparalleled strength, but he went through so much trouble for a few dozen Soul Elixirs. She really didn't know where he came from.
It was just that such an interesting thing wasn't easy to come across!

Chapter 2525
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Asking for information
Luo Zheng's True Meaning boat drew a straight line on the surface of the sea, going against the current.
The closer he got to the line, the stronger the north wind became, and the stronger the chill emitted from the sea.
Before long, he saw a small boat floating alone on the surface of the sea.
"You really didn't leave," Luo Zheng said with a smile as he moved the True Meaning boat closer.
"Leave? Just for a few dozen Soul Elixirs? "Xiao Shuang raised her eyebrows and said unhappily.
"Heh heh …"
Luo Zheng felt Xiao Shuang's dissatisfaction.
He still couldn't accurately evaluate the value of the Soul Elixirs, but they were naturally very important to him now.
Xiao Shuang didn't get angry with Luo Zheng. She already had a rough guess of Luo Zheng's identity.
He wasn't from the Mother World.
He only knew a little about the Sea of True Meaning and the Paramita Realm.
He didn't even realize his own potential.
In fact, even Xiao Shuang herself didn't know what Luo Zheng could do.
But when the news came from the Heavenly Palace, she saw her grandmother's face with her own eyes.
Xiao Shuang had never seen her grandmother so surprised since she was a child.
No matter what, she naturally wouldn't let go of this fate to meet this guy here.
"Here! These are all for you! "
Xiao Shuang said and threw all the Soul Elixirs in her hand over.
Luo Zheng took the Soul Elixirs, counted them, and said, "There are sixty Soul Elixirs. We agreed to split them half, so these thirty are for you."
Luo Zheng also knew that there was a fatal flaw in his robbery plan. If the other party directly withdrew from the Sea of True Meaning, he couldn't do anything to them.
If Xiao Shuang hadn't disturbed those people to use the Illusion Breaking Spell, he wouldn't have been able to get these Soul Elixirs.
Seeing Luo Zheng throw the thirty Soul Elixirs back, Xiao Shuang didn't refuse.
Although she didn't care about a few dozen Soul Elixirs at all, some things were mutual. If she refused, she was afraid he would hold a grudge against her.
After dividing the Soul Elixirs, the two still drove the True Meaning boat forward on the sea, one at the front and one at the back …
"You haven't told me your name yet," Xiao Shuang asked, blinking.
"Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
To him, the Mother World was a completely unknown territory. No one had heard of him before.
"Luo Zheng. The surname Luo is quite rare …" Xiao Shuang muttered.
Luo Zheng was Xiao Shuang's reaction.
After the Li Clan disappeared from the Divine Realm, the culture developed by the natives had been separated from the Mother World.
. Their names were strange Names, completely different from the God's's, the God's's's God. Their names: Their names were's's were's names were 'were God''s's's,,, and's God '.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Can I ask about something?"
"Please go ahead." Xiao Shuang nodded.
Was Was Was Was Mother Mother Mother Mother? world?? Was? Was?
After the God's' Realm left the Mother World, it was an isolated island. News from the Mother World was completely isolated.
Luo Zheng had tried to search Dongfang Chunjun's memories. After all, Dongfang Chunjun had been in the Sea of True Meaning for so long and had made some connections. He must have a general understanding of the Mother World. With Dongfang Chunjun's character, he might have even paved the way for himself to the Mother World.
But the Flame of Memory was very strange. It only recorded the memories in the God's' Realm. The memories outside the God's' Realm were blank. It was obviously impossible to search through the Flame of Memory.
"Something big?" Xiao Shuang was slightly stunned. "What do you mean by something big …"
The Mother World was so big that all kinds of news flew everywhere. Xiao Shuang usually didn't pay much attention to it.
Luo Zheng blinked, and then he asked, "May I know how the Xuanyuan Clan is doing?"
He wanted to ask the God's' Realm directly, but to be safe, he took a turn.
"God's' Realm? What's that? "The little girl had never heard of this race.
Names like the God's' Realm and God's' Realm were only passed down in the Bone Pagoda at the bottom of the Chaos. Naturally, the Mother World had another name for them.
"Oh, it's the Dihong Clan." Luo Zheng patted his head.
"So you want to know about the You Xiong Clan!" Xiao Shuang finally understood. At the same time, she said strangely, "The Dihong Clan has been very prosperous these years. Why? Why do you want to know about them? "
To most people in the Mother World, such people were like legends. It was useless to ask about them.
"I'm just asking." Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Why is the Dihong Clan so prosperous?"
"You don't even know this? The Dihong Clan joined forces with the Lie Shan Clan to defeat the Li Clan in Zhuolu. They also killed their old enemy Chi You in the Seven Flat Continents. After swallowing the Li Clan's' three continents, they naturally expanded … "Xiao Shuang said faintly.
These things had become legends that spread everywhere in the Mother World. Almost everyone knew about them.
"What, Chi You has been killed by the Dihong Clan?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"I don't know if he's dead or not. People of that realm have too many tricks up their sleeves. However, the Li Clan has been removed from the Mother World." Xiao Shuang shrugged. "The Li Clan was once a prominent force. They had 81 Demon Gods and so many Chi You Guards. They were not to be underestimated. Even Granny often sighed at their destruction!"
Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart.
He wanted to help his mother gather information in the Sea of True Intent. He did not expect to hear such bad news.
Although Luo Zheng had never interacted with Chi You, he was still his grandfather and his mother's father.
"You seem very unhappy." Xiao Shuang stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
The Yang Soul was a spiritual body after all. Emotions were easily released through the aura of the soul.
Hearing Xiao Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
He immediately restrained his emotions.
He did not know which force Xiao Shuang came from, whether she was a friend or a foe. Before he figured it out, it was best not to reveal his identity.
"Nothing … we've reached the first line. Let's charge over!"
A clear line appeared in the sea in front of them. After crossing this line, the color of the Sea of True Intent changed from azure to deep blue. It could be imagined that after crossing this line, the Sun Soul would have to bear even more pressure.
Xiao Shuang blinked. She was a very attentive woman and was good at grasping the emotions of others.
She had clearly felt Luo Zheng's emotional fluctuations just now, especially when she said that Chi You had been killed.
Luo Zheng did not want to find out about the Dihong Clan. He only wanted to gather information about the Li Clan.

Chapter 2526
Holding Out
Xiao Shuang was only making a small guess. She felt that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to reveal his identity, so she naturally didn't pursue the matter.
As the two of them got closer and closer to the first line, the pressure continued to increase.
Even Xiao Shuang could feel the pressure ahead.
Looking at Luo Zheng, who was still standing in front of them like an iron tower, she was slightly surprised.
No matter how shallow Luo Zheng's knowledge was, this guy was already very strong to reach this point without relying on soul pills!
"Huala, huala …"
Just as Luo Zheng rushed to the front alone, the people who had been wandering around also urged their True Meaning boats to come closer and follow closely behind Xiao Shuang.
With someone in front opening the way, the pressure on the people behind would lessen. These people were planning to do so.
Soon, more than ten True Meaning boats connected and formed a long dragon that rushed toward the first line.
When they were about a hundred zhang away from the first line, the north wind was surprisingly strong.
It was said that it was because of the flow of the Sea of True Meaning on both sides of the line that such a strong north wind was produced.
"Hu …"
The north wind blew against the Sun Soul like fine needles pricking Luo Zheng's body.
"Crossing the Sea of True Meaning with the Sun Soul is indeed more difficult than crossing it with the body …"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth at this moment.
In fact, crossing the Sea of True Meaning with the body wasn't easier than crossing it with the Sun Soul. If one used the Ancient God cultivation method and cultivated to the extreme, crossing the Sea of True Meaning would be even more difficult than crossing it with the Sun Soul. In ancient times, how many people had died in the sea while trying to cross the first line? Countless people had been burned to ashes by the red sea …
However, Luo Zheng's body was far beyond common sense, so he could safely cross the first line of the Sea of True Meaning.
When they were about a hundred zhang away, the people following behind them all took out soul pills and fed them to themselves.
Their Sun Souls, which had been somewhat dispirited by the north wind, immediately regained their vitality after replenishing their soul energy.
Some people didn't have enough soul pills, so they ate three or four in a row.
There was also one person who had too few soul pills on hand. After eating one, he could only rely on his willpower to endure.
At ninety Zhang …
Luo Zheng still did not intend to swallow the Soul Elixir. Although there was a certain risk in doing so, he still wanted to see how long he could last.
At eight hundred feet …
In this long fleet, there were already people who couldn't hold on any longer.
Someone shouted, "I, I can't hold on any longer. I'll turn back now!"
After saying that, he drove his ship away from the fleet. Taking advantage of the situation, he quickly moved away from the fleet.
It wasn't the first time that most of the people were attempting to break through a segment of the line. Many of them had gone through countless attempts before they succeeded. There were even more people who had perished in the sea of True Intent during the process of breaking through a segment of the line.
Seven hundred feet …
Luo Zheng felt that his mouth was dry and his whole body was cold.
His Yang Soul Body naturally wouldn't feel thirsty. These were merely illusions brought about by the immense pressure.
Xiao Shuang did not consume any Soul Pills either. She was also holding on.
In fact, it wasn't difficult for Xiao Shuang to cross a segment of the line. With the protection of her soul magic weapon, crossing a segment of the line was as simple as playing with a toy.
However, seeing Luo Zheng grit his teeth and persevere, a thought arose in her mind. She wanted to see if her Yang Soul or Luo Zheng's was more powerful …
Therefore, Xiao Shuang did not consume any Soul Pills either. She gritted her teeth and persevered just like Luo Zheng.
Five hundred feet …
At this distance, six people could no longer persevere and had left the fleet.
The others continued to consume Soul Pills. However, the power replenished by the Soul Pills was quickly exhausted under the dual pressure of the north wind and the sea of True Intent.
"Ah ah ah …"
At this moment, a person held his head and howled in pain.
Under the immense pressure, this person went crazy. His boat of True Intent also began to crack.
"Brother Chen, quickly cast the Illusion Breaking Spell and leave here!"
"You've lost control of your heart. Even your boat of True Intent is broken!"
"Oh no, he can no longer hear our voices …"
That crazy person could no longer turn the bow of the ship back, nor could he cast the Illusion Breaking Spell to leave the sea of True Intent.
"Crack …"
The entire boat of True Intent directly cracked from the middle. His Yang Soul body directly fell into the sea of True Intent.
The moment his Yang Soul came into contact with the sea, it was like white snow meeting the sun. It melted completely in an instant and no longer existed …
"Another person died in the sea of True Intent …"
Xiao Shuang pursed her lips. Looking at this scene, her heart was also beating rapidly.
She knew that countless people had died in the sea of True Intent. However, hearing about it and seeing it with one's own eyes were two completely different things.
Luo Zheng stood at the bow of the ship. His expression did not change in the slightest.
Of course, he knew what happened later. However, he had walked through many calamities in his life. He had seen too many of such things.
Martial Dao, Divine Dao, Paramita …
With every step he took, countless living beings perished.
Those who perished in the universe were only secondary living beings. However, secondary living beings were also living beings. They had their own intelligence and souls. What was the difference between them and the people in the divine territory and the people in the mother world?
The greater the pressure he faced, the more stable Luo Zheng's heart became.
His Yang Soul was like a boulder. His feet stood on the boat of True Intent without moving. He wholeheartedly urged the boat of True Intent to move against the waves!
Three hundred feet …
The clear dividing line in the distance was already close in front of him.
"I still don't plan on swallowing a Soul Pill!"
Xiao Shuang clenched her teeth. Her stubbornness was hard to suppress. She just did not want to swallow a Soul Pill.
In the mother world, a palace maid hurriedly rushed out of the resplendent palace. Her face was filled with anxiety as she called out, "Not good, not good. Her Highness Lingshuang … Her Highness Lingshuang seems to be suffering a great calamity!"
After this palace maid called out, three streams of light immediately flew towards the palace.
"Shuang 'er has just entered the sea of True Intent. Not to mention a one-segment line, within the three-segment line, there is no one who can threaten her. What nonsense are you talking about!" After the leading golden light flashed, a burly figure berated from within.
"Old Five, let's go in and take a look first!" In another golden light, there was a tall and beautiful woman.
The remaining golden light didn't say anything and directly rushed into the palace.
The three of them looked over, and their expressions changed greatly.
In the center of the palace, a woman sat cross-legged.
This woman was elegant and refined. She naturally emitted a light aura. Her eyebrows, lips, eyes, and nose were perfect as if they were drawn by an immortal brush. Her entire person was like a jade wall, completely natural, without a trace of flaw.
Just as the palace maid said, Lingshuang's body was trembling. Her expression was abnormally ugly. Her silver teeth bit her pink lips, and dark red blood flowed out from the corner of her mouth.

Chapter 2527
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Crossing a line.
On the other hand, the tall and beautiful woman calmed down.
Ling Shuang was no longer a child. She knew how dangerous the Sea of True Intent was. If she encountered danger, she had to rely on the Soul Oracle Necklace.
With Ling Shuang's ability, even if she didn't rely on the Soul Oracle Necklace, she could rely on the Soul Elixir to cross a line.
"No, I have to drag her back from the Sea of True Intent!" As the burly man spoke, his eyes emitted a burst of Soul Power. This Soul Power formed a Soul Ring that floated above Ling Shuang's head.
With this burly man's ability, he could indeed separate the Sun Soul from the Sea of True Intent.
However, using such a Soul Secret Technique would be a great test for the burly man. At the same time, it would also hurt Ling Shuang's soul.
Seeing that the burly man was about to use the Soul Secret Technique, the beautiful woman suddenly reached out and lightly knocked on the Soul Ring.
Just like that, the soul ring that had been formed collapsed.
"What are you doing!" the burly man scolded.
The beautiful woman shook her head and said indifferently, "Ling Shuang has already grown up. She's no longer a child. The Sea of True Intent is just a small experience for her. We should believe in her."
"This is a matter of life and death …" the burly man said anxiously.
The beautiful woman smiled lightly. "In the future, she will face more than one life and death tribulation. You can't protect her every time. According to my guess, she should be forcing herself to cross a line. If she really can't hold on, she will naturally leave the Sea of True Intent. "
After hearing her words, the burly man's brows furrowed. However, he still calmed down. This deduction wasn't without reason.
…
They were only 200 feet away from the next line.
There were only five boats following behind Luo Zheng, and one of them was Xiao Shuang's boat.
"Crossing the Sea of True Intent isn't as easy as I thought. There are nine lines in the Sea of True Intent, but this is only the first line …" Luo Zheng looked at the situation behind him and thought to himself.
Just as he turned around, another person couldn't hold on any longer. With a crack, the True Intent boat shattered, but the moment it shattered, this person had already executed the Illusion Breaking Incantation and quickly left the Sea of True Intent.
Now, only four boats were left.
"The last 100 feet!"
Xiao Shuang finally couldn't take it anymore.
In fact, Xiao Shuang had already done a very good job.
She was not like Luo Zheng, who had already cultivated the Sun Soul for a period of time. Xiao Shuang did not stop cultivating the Sun Soul after reaching the Great Circle of Perfection. In a short period of time after achieving the Sun Soul, she had already perfected the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning, and then stepped into the Sea of True Meaning.
In comparison, Luo Zheng's foundation was naturally much deeper than Xiao Shuang's.
Under the dual pressure of the north wind that was getting stronger and stronger and the chill of the sea of True Meaning, Xiao Shuang felt that her solid Yang Soul was as brittle as a piece of paper. The boat of True Meaning also began to tremble continuously, on the verge of falling apart.
Xiao Shuang was unwilling to give up. She stuffed a Soul Elixir into it.
This Soul Core was also a soul body. The moment it merged with her Sun Soul, it began to release pure soul power.
This Spiritual Force gently nourished Xiao Shuang's Yang Soul, giving her a sense of solidity. Immediately, the pressure on her was reduced by more than half.
She looked at Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng was still standing at the bow of her ship like an iron tower …
"This guy is really …"
Xiao Shuang had done some research before entering the sea of True Meaning.
According to what she knew, there were very few people who could rely on their Sun Soul to break through a line. Most people would need more than one Soul Elixir!
She found it hard to imagine that someone outside of her Mother World could do it!
Within thirty meters, the pressure on Luo Zheng increased by several times.
His eyes flashed slightly. A faint golden light appeared on the surface of his soul. His gaze also became cold.
After entering the state of severing emotions, all the pressure left him.
It wasn't that the pressure had disappeared. It was just that Luo Zheng had completely blocked it. He still needed to closely observe his Sun Soul. If his Sun Soul showed signs of being destroyed, or if the boat of True Meaning couldn't hold on, he could only swallow a Soul Elixir or leave the sea of True Meaning.
Fortunately, the distance of thirty meters wasn't too far. In just a few breaths, he had already crossed a line on the boat of True Meaning.
The moment he crossed a line, it was like entering a warm room from a snowy winter. All the pressure disappeared completely.
"Phew …"
Xiao Shuang also followed closely behind. At the same time, she let out a long breath.
In addition to Xiao Shuang, there were two other people who had also crossed a line.
The moment one of them crossed a line, he was already lying on the boat of True Meaning. It was obvious that he was extremely tired. Overdrawing the power of the soul was much more tiring than overdrawing the power of the physical body. If it wasn't handled well, it would also cause damage to the Sun Soul.
Xiao Shuang stretched her Sun Soul and drove her boat of True Meaning to walk side by side with Luo Zheng. She smiled slightly and said, "You didn't even use a single Soul Elixir. It's really surprising …"
Xiao Shuang originally wanted to say that Luo Zheng must have come from some great power. However, when the words reached her mouth, she forcibly swallowed them back down.
Since Luo Zheng was secretive about his origins, she also knew to avoid this topic as much as possible.
Luo Zheng withdrew from the state of severing emotions and said indifferently, "I wonder how difficult the second line is?"
"You won't continue to attack the second line, right?" Xiao Shuang curled her lips.
"Don't tell me I still need to prepare?" Luo Zheng asked back.
Xiao Shuang nodded. "Of course! Haven't you discovered the meaning of the sea of True Meaning? "
"Meaning? I only know that the sea of True Meaning is the way to the other side. "Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
Xiao Shuang was a little speechless, so she said in an educating tone, "Your understanding of the sea of True Meaning is still stuck in ancient times! In fact, the sea of True Meaning is a huge place for soul cultivation. "
"A place for soul cultivation?" These words aroused Luo Zheng's curiosity.
"Yes, as long as the Sun Soul enters the sea of True Meaning, it will continue to grow. With a little growth, it can go further in this sea of True Meaning. Isn't this a process of cultivation?" Xiao Shuang said.
"That's a good point." Luo Zheng nodded. The Sun Soul in the sea of True Meaning was baptized by the north wind and the chill of the sea, and would eventually grow little by little. "But in the sea of True Meaning, only the soul can be cultivated, right? Then how do I strengthen my dantian, and how do I strengthen my physical body? "
According to what 9527 said, no one in the mother world could put their physical body into the sea of True Meaning.
In other words, after walking to the end of the Divine Path according to the "Great World Cultivation Method," the physical body couldn't be strengthened at all? Similarly, how could the inner world be strengthened?
"Have you never seen the Nirvana Realm …?" Xiao Shuang asked in a strange tone.
"I have," Luo Zheng said, "but I don't understand it."
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others were too strong. At that time, Luo Zheng didn't understand the source of their power.
"Hmph, wait until you reach the end of this sea one day and you will naturally understand." Xiao Shuang suddenly kept him in suspense.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and didn't ask more. If he wanted to understand the Nirvana Realm, there were many ways.

Chapter 2528
Leave.
After crossing a certain line, the color of the sea became even deeper.
In the deep blue Sea of True Meaning, sparkling stars dotted it. The soul-piercing chill was emitted by the stars at the bottom of the sea.
Ahead, there were still small boats of True Meaning slowly moving forward. These people had just crossed a certain line and needed some time to adjust and adapt.
The two boats of True Meaning that had followed Luo Zheng across a certain line caught up.
"Friend, thank you for just now!"
A rough voice came from one of the boats of True Meaning.
When crossing a certain line, the person in the lead would bear the most pressure. The people behind would more or less benefit.
"Friend, you don't seem to have taken a Soul Pill. May I know where you are from? I am from Yuezhou …"
A male voice came from the other boat. This person's soul strength was not weak. Although he had also relied on a Soul Pill to cross a certain line, he still had the energy to observe Luo Zheng.
"There are some questions that are better left unasked. There is a rule in the Sea of True Intent. If the leader leads you all past a certain point, he or she will have to collect the Soul Dans. If you all have excess Soul Dans, shouldn't you express your gratitude?" Xiao Shuang suddenly said.
Luo Zheng did not speak. He did not know there was such a rule.
However, if there were Soul Pills to collect, he would not refuse.
Looking at this line, there would be many opportunities to use Soul Pills in the future.
He could cross a certain line without relying on Soul Pills, but that did not mean he could cross a certain line. It seemed that the Sea of True Meaning was not as simple as he had thought.
"Hehe, I did not forget this rule," the man with the rough voice said. He waved his hand lightly and three Soul Pills flew towards Luo Zheng.
The other person handed over five Soul Pills.
These two people wanted to befriend Luo Zheng. In their hearts, they had a rough understanding of Luo Zheng's background.
The first line was already so powerful. If they could befriend Luo Zheng, he would be able to help them block a lot of trouble. However, after they handed over their Soul Cores, Xiao Shuang's True Meaning boat appeared between them. "Alright, you can leave now!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop Xiao Shuang either. Although they couldn't see each other's faces in the Sea of True Intent, Luo Zheng knew too little about the Origin World. Sometimes, he might accidentally reveal some information, and it wouldn't be good if it brought trouble to the Divine Domain.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had nothing else to say, the two of them could only leave.
"You didn't answer me just now. Are you planning to go for the second-stage straight away? If you want to reach the second line, I'm willing to accompany you, "Xiao Shuang suddenly said.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng shook his head.
He had been in the Cultivation Pagoda for quite some time now. Although the Cultivation Pagoda had compressed time, some time had still passed in the outside world. He wondered what the situation on the floating island was like.
Now that he had entered the Sea of True Intent, he had achieved his goal of seclusion. It was necessary for him to make a trip out of seclusion.
"Crossing the Sea of True Meaning isn't something that can be done in a day. Let's stop here this time," Luo Zheng said.
"I think so, too!"
Xiao Shuang smiled gently. She couldn't wait to tell her grandmother about the Sea of True Meaning!
"Right, what is the Illusion Breaking Spell to leave the Sea of True Meaning?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked again.
Every time he left the Sea of True Meaning, he had to rely on 9527. Although 9527 was attached to his body, it couldn't trouble him every time.
"You don't even know the Illusion Breaking Spell? Then how did you leave just now!" Although Xiao Shuang knew that Luo Zheng knew little about this place, she didn't expect him to not know the most basic Illusion Breaking Spell.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Naturally, he wouldn't tell Xiao Shuang that he was forcefully pulled out by 9527.
Before he could speak, a sharp sword suddenly appeared between Xiao Shuang's eyebrows. This sharp sword came straight at him.
It looked like some kind of soul attack, but Luo Zheng was sure that Xiao Shuang wasn't hostile, so he didn't dodge.
When the brown aura hit Luo Zheng between his eyebrows, it didn't cause any harm to him. It only left him with a complete message, and this message recorded the method to use the Illusion Breaking Spell.
Xiao Shuang's method was unique. She actually used a soul attack to transmit the message.
Then Luo Zheng began to decipher the method to use the Illusion Breaking Spell.
The principle of this Breaking Illusion Curse was not complicated. When one fell into an illusion, they could use this curse to break the illusion. However, the Sea of True Intent was not an illusion in the ordinary sense. This curse could actually break it naturally. It was indeed very unique.
After Luo Zheng finished deciphering the Illusion Breaking Spell, he found that there was a small soul imprint hidden in Xiao Shuang's soul.
Before he could ask about the origin of this imprint, Xiao Shuang said first, "Don't erase that imprint."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The next time you enter the Sea of True Meaning, I'll know that you've come up." It was very disrespectful to plant an imprint in someone's soul, so Xiao Shuang changed to a pleading tone.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He was already a little unhappy.
If this imprint only recorded that he was in the Sea of True Meaning, it didn't matter. If this imprint located the divine territory, it would be troublesome.
"9527, what do you think?" At this time, Luo Zheng could only ask 9527.
"It's just an ordinary location imprint. It can't cross the Chaotic World to find you. With her ability, she can't do it," 9527 responded.
"That's good."
Only then did Luo Zheng agree not to erase Xiao Shuang's imprint.
After all, Xiao Shuang knew more about the Sea of True Meaning than he did. If they could travel together, it would save a lot of trouble.
After agreeing to leave this soul imprint, Luo Zheng began to try to cast the Illusion Breaking Spell.
This Illusion Breaking Spell was not difficult. Luo Zheng succeeded on the second try. Unlike when he was forcibly pulled out by 9527, this Illusion Breaking Spell seemed to have touched something in the Sea of True Meaning. The huge illusion suddenly collapsed in front of him. Then he disappeared from the sea with the ship.
Since Luo Zheng had left, Xiao Shuang did not stay. She also followed Luo Zheng out of the Sea of True Meaning.
"Hoo!"
In the palace, Xiao Shuang suddenly opened her eyes.
"Madam, you're finally willing to come out!" The burly man called Old Five said with joy.
Although Xiao Shuang had returned to normal after crossing a certain line, his heart was still hanging in the air. He was only relieved when he saw Xiao Shuang wake up.
"Uncle Five, is Xiao Shuang so useless in your eyes?" Xiao Shuang curled her lips.
Old Five laughed dryly. The tall and beautiful woman next to him asked, "Did Ling Shuang force her way through a line?"
Ling Shuang nodded and said with a little regret, "Well, I didn't succeed. I used a Soul Elixir."
This answer confirmed the beautiful woman's guess. Then the beautiful woman said lightly, "Actually, there's no need to force yourself. After all, there aren't many little guys in this world who didn't use a Soul Elixir to cross a line."

Chapter 2529
True Intent Remarkable Ability
"Oh? Xiao Shuang also encountered such a thing? "The beautiful woman was surprised.
Old Fifth said, "It's nothing special, the sea of True Intent is just the beginning. He could force his way through the line, most likely because he stayed in the line for a long time. It's Xiao Shuang's first time entering the sea of True Intent. If he stayed in the sea of True Intent for a long time, he could pass without relying on a soul pill!"
Xiao Shuang blinked and said, "But it's also his first time in the sea of True Intent!"
"That's indeed very amazing." The beautiful woman nodded and smiled. "I don't know which family's little genius is actually better than our Xiao Shuang."
Who knew that Xiao Shuang shook his head and said, "Not only that, does Aunt Ping know about the rumor from Greater One Heaven Palace?"
"What rumor?" The beautiful woman asked.
"That guy who swam in the sea of True Intent," Xiao Shuang said.
Aunt Ping's eyes flashed slightly, and her expression became somewhat solemn. At the same time, she nodded.
Greater One Heaven Palace had a rumor that someone could swim in the sea of True Intent.
People in the outside world did not know, but within a small circle, it had already attracted the attention of many people.
Many people doubted this rumor …
No matter how strong the Sun Soul was, it would disappear completely after falling into the sea of True Intent.
Since ancient times, no one had ever broken this perception.
But those children from Greater One Heaven Palace swore solemnly, after all, many people had seen it.
Therefore, there were people who came up with a second conjecture, that it might be the mirage in the sea of True Intent that made those little guys misjudge.
But how could the mirage smash their boat of True Intent? This conjecture was hard to justify.
"Xiao Shuang, you also encountered it?" Aunt Ping hurriedly asked.
Old Fifth also opened his mouth wide. "You're not saying that the guy who forced his way through the line could directly enter the sea, right? If his Sun Soul could really enter the sea of True Intent and not be eliminated, then wouldn't the sea of True Intent be unhindered to him? "
What the Sun Soul feared was the chill in the sea of True Intent, as well as the north wind that blew.
He did not even fear the sea of True Intent itself, so these two were even less of a threat.
"It's indeed him, but it's somewhat different from the rumor. I saw his Sun Soul," Xiao Shuang said.
"His Sun Soul?"
Aunt Ping and Old Fifth were also confused.
"Actually, he seems to have two forms. One is the Yang Soul Body. This Yang Soul Body is the same as mine, needing to rely on the True Intent Boat. Similarly, it is difficult for him to withstand the north wind and the cold, so he faces a lot of pressure when attacking a section of the line. As for the other form, he can enter the Sea of True Intent. It doesn't seem to be the Yang Soul, but the physical body …"
If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, it would have been very difficult to imagine Luo Zheng's form. Xiao Shuang was only guessing based on her intuition.
After that, Xiao Shuang recounted what she had experienced.
"Enter the sea with his physical body?" Aunt Ping's expression turned even more astonished. She really didn't know what it meant to enter the sea with his physical body.
Old Fifth said, "I'm afraid we'll have to report this to the Grand Palace Master …"
Right at this moment, an aged voice came from above the palace. "Ling Shuang did well. Hehe. According to the rumors, during the ancient times, there wasn't any such thing as the 'Sea of True Intent'. Crossing the Sea of True Intent didn't rely on a small boat. Those who used the Ancient God cultivation method to reach the other shore didn't enter the sea with their soul, but with their physical body! Therefore, when the Ancient Gods crossed the other shore, they didn't use their Sun Soul, but their physical body! For some unknown reason, the physical body couldn't enter the Sea of True Intent, and the Ancient Gods slowly declined. Later on, there was the Great World cultivation method, which allowed them to cultivate their Sun Soul and cross the other shore … "
"Granny!" Ling Shuang raised her head and called out.
Then, a stooped old woman slowly walked in from the entrance of the palace.
"Greetings, Grand Palace Master!"
Aunt Ping and Old Fifth greeted the old woman together.
The Grand Palace Master nodded and then said, "If Ling Shuang hadn't seen it with her own eyes, I'm afraid I wouldn't have believed that someone could cross the other shore with their physical body."
The Grand Palace Master knew a little about what had happened in the ancient times, but she didn't know the real reason why the Ancient God cultivation method couldn't cross the other shore.
"Did that person reveal his identity?" the Grand Palace Master asked Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang shook her head and then said, "He shouldn't be from the Mother World. He doesn't even know the most basic things like the Soul Elixir and the Illusion Breaking Spell."
The Illusion Breaking Spell was mysterious, but it was the most basic soul secret technique in the Mother World. Everyone had to master it before entering the Sea of True Intent.
"Doesn't belong to the Mother World?" The Grand Palace Master's eyes narrowed slightly.
In the chaos outside the Mother World, there were some small races and forces. The scope was too broad.
"Yes, he once asked about the war between Jiuli and You Xiong, and he was very concerned about Chi You's life and death," Ling Shuang recalled.
"Concerned about Chi You's life and death? He's from Jiuli?" Old Fifth blurted out.
Aunt Ping rolled her eyes. "Just based on this, it's hard to conclude, right?"
The Grand Palace Master nodded. "Just this point, it's hard to conclude. If he could really cross the sea with his physical body, Ling Shuang would benefit greatly if she could follow him. As for what it means to cross the sea with his physical body, I still need to go to Luofu Mountain."
Ling Shuang was the favorite of their palace. Everyone hoped that she could cross the Sea of True Intent safely.
Ling Shuang tilted her head and thought for a while. Suddenly, she said, "Granny, is there a Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability?"
"Why do you need a Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability?" The Grand Palace Master was puzzled.
Ling Shuang cultivated the Sword Fate's Eternal True Intent, so she naturally had no use for it.
"That person cultivates the Dao of Nature's True Intent. I think he doesn't know anything, so he probably doesn't have a Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability. I want to give him one," Ling Shuang said.
The Grand Palace Master nodded slightly. "Although my Palace Master cultivates the Sword Fate's Eternal True Intent Divine Ability, there are still some other Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability. Let your Fifth Uncle give it to you."
…
…
Ling Shuang's guess was correct. What she casually asked was indeed what Luo Zheng lacked.
After the Li Clan was destroyed, almost no Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability was left behind. Even if it was, no one could cultivate it.
This was because the prerequisite for cultivating a Dao of Nature's True Intent Divine Ability was to completely comprehend a Dao of Nature's True Intent.
After so many years, if the Xuan Yuan Guards were excluded, Yuan Chengdao's True Intent of Good and Evil in One Thought could be considered a Dao of Nature's True Intent. Dongfang Chunjun's Yin-Yang World Transformation was also considered a Dao of Nature's True Intent.
Even Dongfang Chunjun's Yin-Yang World Transformation was also something that he had painstakingly sought after in the Sea of True Intent.
After retreating from the Sea of True Intent, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh.
Although he could withstand the pressure in the Sea of True Intent, as long as he was in it, the pressure would always exist.

Chapter 2530
Changes in the Divine Realm
Inside the Immortal Mansion, Yu Shenfeng sized up Luo Zheng from head to toe. He stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a stranger.
After Luo Zheng comprehended the complete True Meaning of Dao Technique, his Sun Soul had already been sublimated, and the Sea of True Meaning was also a cultivation ground, which also had a certain degree of amplification for his soul.
Under these two sublimations, Luo Zheng's temperament had also changed.
The gaze in his eyes was still sharp, but his facial features looked very natural.
"Little Junior Brother, you're finally out!" Yu Shenfeng asked.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. Did something big happen while he was in seclusion?
"Nothing, I'm just asking if it was fun in the Sea of True Meaning?" Yu Shenfeng laughed.
Luo Zheng glared at him fiercely, then walked to the central hall of the Immortal Mansion.
In the central hall, Luo Xiao looked up at the ceiling with his hands behind his back. There was a faint trace of worry on his face.
After hearing the movement at the door, he turned his head and saw that it was his son. That trace of worry quietly disappeared. "Zheng 'er is out of seclusion! Congratulations, you've cultivated the complete True Meaning of Dao! "
Luo Xiao had been polishing the True Meaning of Nature during his free days.
His cultivation progress was not much slower than Luo Zheng's.
Although "Sage" was not considered a realm in the mother world, he had lived countless times longer than Luo Zheng. He had experienced more things than Luo Zheng, and his vision was broader. He had an advantage over Luo Zheng in terms of understanding the True Meaning of Nature.
Of course, even if Luo Xiao wanted to step into the Sea of True Meaning, he still needed a certain opportunity.
Although the worry on Luo Xiao's face only lasted for a moment, Luo Zheng was still sharp enough to catch it. "Father, what happened? What choice did the Xuanyue Clan make? "
Luo Xiao's eyes narrowed slightly. "There's news from the floating island. The Xuanyue Clan has left the floating island."
"Left the floating island?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Luo Xiao nodded.
Although there were no members of the Luo Clan in the Sea of Time, it was not difficult to plant some spies in the Sea of Time. This information was easy to exchange.
The Xuan Yue Clan was considered one of the oldest clans in the Sea of Time. They had been in the top three for countless years.
But just a few days ago, the Black Moon Clan abandoned the floating island that they had been operating for countless years. All the disciples on the floating island had left.
This matter caused quite a stir in the Sea of Time.
As a result, the first and third ranked Noble Gate Floating Islands were now empty. Everyone from the Black Moon Clan had returned to Ruo Mu.
"They chose us," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Luo Xiao's eyes flashed with a profound light. "They didn't choose us. They just chose to remain unyielding."
No matter how one looked at it, the Xuanyue Clan was not strong enough to fight against a Nirvana Realm expert.
Furthermore, Luo Xiao did not reveal the existence of the Nirvana Realm in the outer regions. The Xuanyue Clan was undoubtedly under a considerable amount of pressure by making such a choice!
However, it was not so easy for Emperor Hanqing to make a clan that had stood tall for so many years and Saints like Li Xuanyue submit to him.
"This should be good news for us." Luo Zheng blinked and said, "But father, why were you so worried just now?"
Luo Xiao sighed softly and said, "The news from the Sword Clan is that Yuan Chengdao has been killed."
"Elder Yuan …"
Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly froze.
Yuan Chengdao was also a very important figure to the Divine Realm. Back then, it was also because of Yuan Chengdao that Luo Zheng was able to change the direction of the Divine Realm's ship and avoid the fate of the ship crashing.
Hearing this news, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of sadness.
Although he had only met Elder Yuan once, the Chengying Sword was given to him by him. This sword had been refined by Dongfang Chun's Yin Yang Cauldron and became a part of his mother's body.
"Back then, Yuan Chengdao used the Origin Seal to seal those Xuanyuan Guards. Those Xuanyuan Guards naturally hated Yuan Chengdao to the core and wanted to kill him as soon as he escaped the Origin Seal. In fact, Yuan Chengdao is no longer a threat to them …" Luo Xiao said faintly.
After Yuan Chengdao was cursed, he turned into a skeleton and could not leave the deep well at all.
If the Divine Realm returned to the Mother World one day, perhaps there would be hope for him to see the light of day again. Unexpectedly, that day did not come. In the end, he welcomed the death of the Xuanyuan Guards.
"What about the Sword Clan now?" Luo Zheng asked again.
If the Xuanyue Clan was faced with a choice, then the Sword Clan would be no exception.
"The Sword Clan also plans to evacuate the floating island. It is estimated that soon, the Sword Clan will move the elites of the clan to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain," Luo Xiao replied.
"But can Buzhou Spiritual Mountain withstand the Xuanyuan Guards?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Luo Xiao smiled bitterly. "This is also what I am worried about. Not only Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, but even Takeshi Xuan Forest and Immortal Abode will face the same problem. Yu Taibai has already gone to Buzhou Spiritual Mountain. He wants to build a spatial passage. If a forbidden area is attacked by the Xuanyuan Guards, he can use the spatial passage to teleport to another forbidden area."
Like the outer wall of the Divine Realm, forbidden areas would also repel outsiders. The Xuanyuan Guards could not set foot in the forbidden area through normal means!
However, these Xuanyuan Guards could even break through the outer wall of the Divine Realm. It was not impossible for them to break through the forbidden area. Therefore, Luo Xiao had already made some preparations.
"Zheng 'er, are you confident you can cross the Sea of True Intent?" Luo Xiao asked.
Luo Xiao had never stepped into the Sea of True Intent before, but he had heard Luo Shui's general description, so he had a certain understanding.
"I'm afraid not in the short term." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Just a line in the Sea of True Intent was enough to make him feel pressured. It would only get more and more difficult.
"Even if you really set foot on the other side, it will be difficult for you to contend against the Xuanyuan Guards. There is no need to rush this." Luo Xiao smiled. "But now, I will personally take you out."
"Go where?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"The Divine Realm. Completely fuse the other tablets," Luo Xiao said.
Luo Xiao's core ambition was to fuse the Infinite Ruler with the three thousand Divine Daos.
As for Luo Zheng cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Art and opening up an internal world, it was all an accident …
He always believed that Chi You had given the Infinite Ruler to Luo Shui for a reason. However, the secret hidden in this deep meaning had never been revealed.
Luo Xiao did not know whether his guess was correct, but now, helping Luo Zheng fuse the three thousand Divine Daos was a necessary action.
Even though Luo Zheng had already stepped into the sea of True Intent, what he cultivated wasn't the True Intent of Void Illusionary Destruction. With his speed, wanting to travel through the entire Divine Domain and absorb the remaining 2,000 over Dao tablets was truly too slow.

Chapter 2531
Illusion God Dao
In the backyard of Immortal Mansion, exquisite and small courtyards were arranged in a row.
Ever since Luo Zheng took control of Immortal Mansion, it had become more and more lively.
For Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, the outline of the Realm of the Gods was vague and distant.
In the days when Luo Zheng was not here, in addition to cultivating, they would also learn about the appearance of the world through the library.
Although the knowledge on paper was shallow, the various magnificent sceneries of the Realm of the Gods depicted in it still made them yearn for it.
"Husband promised to take me to see the Sea of Time …"
Ning Yudie rested her white and delicate legs on Luo Zheng's stomach, a hint of laziness appearing on her face. Even with her cultivation and physical strength, she was still feeling a little tired after such a long period of caressing Luo Zheng's body.
"I won't keep you waiting for too long." Luo Zheng gently stroked Ning Yudie's forehead.
Sometimes, Luo Zheng also wondered if it was too selfish to put them in Immortal Mansion for their safety.
But now, he thought this because his father had returned safely.
If it wasn't for this, if something happened to Luo Xiao and the entire Great Evolution Universe collapsed, none of the living beings in it would have survived. At the time, it was a helpless action.
Before Luo Zheng went into seclusion, Xun also mentioned that she wanted to return to the Great Evolution Universe to take a look.
In the end, she was still the queen of Yao Ye Clan and still cared about her people.
Luo Zheng also agreed to this request …
If he could successfully merge the three thousand divine daos, he would make this request to his father.
After all, the master of the Great Evolution Universe was here, so returning to the Great Evolution Universe was a very simple matter.
As Luo Zheng spoke comforting words, Ning Yudie's delicate little head shook slightly. "But this time, husband's troubles won't be so easily solved, right?"
Luo Zheng didn't reveal the situation in the Realm of the Gods to the girls.
Although they worked very hard, their talents were ultimately limited. Letting them know the troubles they were facing now would only add to their troubles.
However, Immortal Mansion had a big mouth like Yu Shenfeng. When some news reached his ears, it didn't take long for the entire Immortal Mansion to know. For this reason, Jing Wu Huan had warned Yu Shen Feng many times, but to no avail.
Before Luo Zheng could answer, Ning Yudie wrapped her arms around him. "You don't have to answer me. I don't want to know …"
…
…
The next day, Luo Zheng and Luo Xiao had already appeared in the "Fantasy Reality Domain" fifteen million kilometers away.
The last time Luo Zheng absorbed the Divine Dao, he went all the way south. This time, with Luo Xiao's help, he went all the way east.
With the power of a Saint, they arrived at the Fantasy Reality Domain after two Greater Transformations.
"Three hundred miles north of the Central Divine City of the Fantasy Reality Domain is the Dao Tablet of the Fantasy God Path," Luo Zheng said.
In the Divine Realm, there were people who had drawn up maps of the various Great Dao tablets. However, these maps were not necessarily accurate, and the Dao tablets recorded were also incomplete.
But under the guidance of the Immeasurable Ruler, Luo Zheng already had a picture of all the Dao steles in his mind, so it was naturally extremely convenient to search for them.
"Okay!"
Luo Xiao responded and stepped into the Space Passage with Luo Zheng.
When the two stepped out of the Space Passage again, they saw a huge tree floating below them.
"Eh?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. Logically speaking, this should not be a huge tree, but a Dao tablet.
Luo Xiao smiled faintly. "The Dao Connotation of the Fantasy God Path can create all kinds of detailed illusions. This huge tree is transformed from the Dao tablet. Zheng 'er, look carefully and you will know!"
Hearing his father's words, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Under such a careful gaze, he indeed found that there was a faint Dao Connotation flowing above this huge tree.
"Go quickly," Luo Xiao said.
Luo Zheng nodded and circled down from the sky, landing directly around this huge tree.
Around this huge tree, Luo Zheng found some bizarre things, such as a chair, a sapling, and a rock as tall as a person.
"These … are people." These people naturally did not have a deep understanding of the Fantasy God Path, so Luo Zheng could see through them at a glance.
Just as he landed, two "saplings" walked toward him. The saplings dispersed the illusions and wanted to ask about Luo Zheng's origins. According to the usual practice, Luo Zheng had to pay a certain fee if he wanted to comprehend the Fantasy God Path.
Before these two people could speak, Luo Zheng had already prepared Shenwu coins and handed them over.
This time, the number of Divine Dao coins he could accommodate was not small, and time was extremely tight. He was not willing to waste time on anyone.
He casually handed over over a hundred Shenwu coins. Logically speaking, it should be more than enough to spare.
Unexpectedly, when these two upper-level True Gods saw Luo Zheng's generosity, greed immediately arose in their hearts. They only said, "To view the Fantasy God Path's Dao tablet, you need a thousand Shenwu coins!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He did not want to waste time talking, but he had actually provoked these fellows to take a yard after taking an inch …
Before Luo Zheng could do anything, a vigorous aura came down from the sky.
When the two upper-level True Gods sensed that aura, their expressions changed drastically. They looked up and saw Luo Xiao hovering in the sky. Their faces were instantly filled with reverence.
It was not just the two upper-level True Gods here. The other people who were viewing the Fantasy God Path's Dao tablet were also enveloped by this aura. Their minds were distracted, and they could no longer maintain their illusions. They all reverted to their original appearances and looked up at Luo Xiao in the sky, trembling incessantly.
Seeing his father's actions, Luo Zheng smiled rather helplessly.
However, this method was indeed very effective. At the very least, it saved him the time to argue with these fellows.
It was difficult for this small Central Divine City to have anything to do with the wealthy families. Even if they spread the news, Luo Zheng and Luo Xiao would have been long gone. Moreover, it would be very difficult for them to know who he was.
Luo Zheng walked past these two people. At the same time, the rings of light in his eyes started to sparkle.
The Dao Essence of the Fantasy God Path was constantly being absorbed by the Immeasurable Ruler.
After a short while …
Another scale in the Immeasurable Ruler lit up, and another light appeared in the God Lattice Plate.
The Fantasy God Path had been absorbed.
Luo Zheng did not stop at all. Under the astonished gazes of the group, he flew away. Luo Xiao brought Luo Zheng with him and teleported away.
At this moment, the two upper-level True Gods in charge of collecting Shenwu Coins finally dared to move.
"Do you think that person in the sky just now is a Paragon True God?"
"Definitely! This is the aura of a Paragon True God. That youth should be his son. I think his bone age is less than a hundred years, and he has already cultivated to become an upper-level True God. I wonder which first-tier family's genius he is from … "
"But why is he viewing the Dao tablet? Could he have comprehended the Fantasy God Path in such a short time? "
"Hey, are you talking nonsense? How is that possible? Even a genius from a wealthy family can't comprehend the Fantasy God Path in such a short time … "

Chapter 2532
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Incomplete Shinto
The Dao steles in the Realm of the Gods were distributed evenly. There was one steles in almost every large region.
Occasionally, there would be two or even three dao steles in a large region.
With Luo Xiao's help, Luo Zheng often only needed the time it took to burn a stick of incense to go from one stele to another, including the time it took to absorb the Dao essence.
For two days and two nights, the father and son duo flew back and forth in the Realm of the Gods almost non-stop. In these two days and nights, they had absorbed 150 steles.
"The 151st stele …"
Luo Zheng looked at the Dao stele in front of him with a hint of surprise in his eyes.
The Dao steles in the Realm of the Gods were the result of Chiyou's painstaking efforts. They could not be damaged, or rather, they were very difficult to destroy. However, a large piece of this Dao stele was missing. Its surface was bumpy, and its lower left corner was covered with cracks.
The Dao steles of other Shinto Daos were crowded with people. Moreover, they were usually controlled by first-tier clans for profit.
However, no one seemed to care about this Dao stele. There were only a few people scattered around it.
Looking at Luo Zheng's somewhat strange expression, an old man next to him said faintly: "It's a pity that the white wall has a flaw. However, in the end, there is no perfection in all things in the world. In my opinion, the incomplete Shinto Daos are the only right Dao. Young man, can you see the meaning of this Dao stele?"
"Incomplete Shinto Daos … I wonder what kind of magical powers this kind of Shinto Daos have?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Among the 3,000 Shinto Daos, not every Shinto Daos could exert enormous power.
Some Shinto Daos were originally just a kind of comprehension of the world. However, the Dao essence of these Shinto Daos had not developed powerful magical powers.
This incomplete Shinto Daos belonged to this kind.
"Humph! Saints and Great Circle Paragons are nothing more than grasshoppers in the cauldron. Today, one grasshopper is jumping around happily, and tomorrow, another grasshopper will come out. They're all in pursuit of great divine abilities and great ambitions. But how could these people possibly appreciate the beauty of such imperfections? "The old man's face was filled with disdain." You're right, "Yang Qi said." You're right.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
This old man was only a middle True God, but the meaning of his words was that he had seen through the Realm of the Gods..
"If you can comprehend an incomplete Shinto Daos, you can naturally see through the Great Dao. We are not necessarily pursuing magical powers. they say that once you become a True God, you will have eternal life. Although we are not restricted Daos of time, we can't Of The Gods... Although we are not of the Of The Gods, can Can The Realm Can Can The God Of God will last forever?? There is no such thing as' immortal 'in this world. There is only the will that has existed since time immemorial. "The old man tried to persuade Luo Zheng again." Young man, if you can calm down and cultivate this way, it will be of great benefit to you in the future! "
Luo Zheng Luo Luo Zheng Luo? Luo Luo Luo?
In the Divine Realm, the lifespan was close to limitless. Naturally, there were many extraordinary people. Some people did not pursue great strength or supernatural powers, but had cultivated for countless years. Their knowledge and breadth of thought were not inferior to the Saints. Among them, there were some unknown people whose thoughts were even more powerful than the Saints.
It would be good if this old man could teach Luo Zheng a lesson.
Luo Zheng understood the old man's words. He bowed to the old man and said, "Thank you for your advice. It seems that each of the three thousand Shinto Daos has its own reason for existence. This incomplete Shinto Stele is also a Great Dao!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's compliment, the old man became excited. "Yes! Therefore, cultivating an incomplete Shinto Daos is more difficult than cultivating other Shinto Daos. Young man, are you going to choose the incomplete Shinto Daos? "
"That's exactly what I'm thinking," Luo Zheng said.
"Good. You can study the Dao of the incomplete Shinto Daos. If there's anything you don't understand, you can ask this old man. Although this old man's cultivation isn't as good as yours, I've been immersed in this Dao for sixty Divine Eras! In the end, I still have some insights! "The old man said.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the Dao of the incomplete Shinto Stele. At the same time, two golden rings of light flashed in his eyes.
The Dao of the incomplete Shinto Stele rapidly entered the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind. At the same time, one of the scales on the Immeasurable Ruler lit up in an instant.
"Weng …"
As the scales lit up, another Shinto Stele appeared in Luo Zheng's inner world!
Strands of ash-green aura were released from Luo Zheng's body. The incomplete Shinto Stele had reached perfection …
The old man standing thirty meters away from Luo Zheng was so shocked that his jaw almost dropped. He stared at Luo Zheng's back in a daze.
The other people around the Dao of the stele also looked at him in disbelief.
The reason why there were so few people cultivating the incomplete Shinto Daos was that it was extremely difficult to comprehend the Dao of the Dao. On the other hand, this Shinto Stele didn't have any powerful abilities. It was just a record of one's comprehension of the beauty of the world.
Over the years, only a few people had become middle True Divinities, and this old man was one of them.
Not only that, but because it was "incomplete", there was a rumor in the Realm of the Gods that it was impossible to reach perfection with an incomplete Shinto Stele. This was because perfection and an incomplete Shinto Stele conflicted with each other.
But on this day, a young man had reached perfection with this Shinto Stele in just a few dozen breaths.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was even more frightening than a monster …
"This, this, this … is impossible! It's impossible to reach perfection with an incomplete Shinto Stele! Logically speaking, it's impossible! "
The old man was stunned for a long time. His eyes showed signs of collapse.
Just a moment ago, he was warning this young man about the difficulty of cultivating this Shinto Stele. Now, the young man had reached perfection and stepped into a realm that he couldn't understand.
This kind of thing really made one fall apart.
"The incomplete Shinto Stele does contain a special sense of beauty. It should be impossible to dig out a Divine Ability from it. But this Shinto Stele allows me to have a special perspective to examine this world …"
Luo Zheng was also immersed in the charm of the incomplete Shinto Stele.
When he woke up from this charm, he saw the old man's crumbling appearance behind him. Only then did he understand something.
His behavior was too shocking.
Luo Zheng didn't just walk away. With a trace of apology on his face, he walked in front of the old man and explained, "I didn't rely on my own talent to comprehend the Shinto Stele. So, it's not what you think it is … You don't have to think too much about it."
Using the Immeasurable Ruler to comprehend the Shinto Stele was no different from cheating. Causing this old man to misunderstand could be considered a sin.
However, even after Luo Zheng explained a few sentences, the old man still stood in place, motionless.
Looking at the old man's figure that was like an ice sculpture, Luo Zheng revealed a helpless expression. He still needed to absorb a lot of Shinto Stele. In the end, he couldn't waste too much time here. Moreover, he couldn't tell him the secret of the Immeasurable Ruler.

Chapter 2533
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Collecting Shenwu Coins
It wasn't until Luo Zheng left that the old man came back to his senses. He looked at the sky with reverence.
"Elder Hu, how did that guy do it?"
"Not even a Saint can cultivate a divine dao in a dozen breaths!"
"Didn't they say that an incomplete divine dao can never be perfected?"
Elder Hu shook his head. "I don't know how he did it, but there's one thing I'm sure of — it's possible to cultivate an incomplete divine dao to perfection! We're not as talented as others, so we can only work harder! "
The divine realm had undergone more drastic changes in the past few decades than it had in several hundred divine epochs. However, most divine citizens and true gods didn't care about these things. Most continued to pursue their own paths.
High in the sky, Luo Xiao once again teleported away with Luo Zheng.
As they headed east, they got closer and closer to the Fusang Divine Tree.
The Fusang Divine Tree was the tallest divine tree in the Divine Realm. Even if it was several large regions away, one could still make out its blurry shadow.
After Dongfang Chunjun's death, the Dongfang Family wisely withdrew from Noble Gate Floating Island. They were also worried that Emperor Hanqing's wrath hadn't been quelled and that he would one day attack the Fusang Divine Tree.
For example, they evacuated their elite disciples and even changed their surname. The Dongfang Family kept a low profile these days.
Three days later.
When they were about to reach the Fusang Divine Tree, Luo Zheng told his father to change their direction and head north instead.
By now, Luo Zheng had absorbed over a thousand dao.
After entering the Skystar Domain, Luo Xiao's eyes flashed. "It seems you have an old acquaintance in the Twilight Domain."
"An old acquaintance?" Luo Zheng immediately understood and asked with a smile, "Which Daoist is in the Night Bright Region?"
Yu Taibai hadn't called back all the Daoists in the divine realm. The only Daoists in the residence were Xi Youqin, Ku Deng, Ji Luoxue, and Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Now that Luo Xiao had returned, things were much simpler.
These Daoists were living beings of the Grand Evolution Universe. No matter how far away they were, Luo Xiao could sense their existence.
Because of the changes on the floating island, Luo Xiao hadn't immediately gone out to bring them back to the immortal abode. This time, while Luo Zheng was absorbing the dao tablets in the divine region, he could also take them back to the immortal abode.
"It's Xuanyuan Chenfeng," Luo Xiao said calmly.
"So it's him …"
Xuanyuan Chenfeng was also a formidable opponent of Luo Zheng in Dayan Universe. Before challenging Luo Zheng, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had always been called the number one Daoist in the universe.
He wondered how Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been doing in the Divine Domain all these years. With his talent, it was impossible for him to not be noticed by the rich and powerful families, right?
After absorbing the Dao tablets in the Luminous Night Region, Luo Xiao brought Luo Zheng to the north of the Luminous Night Region.
The Luminous Night Region was the territory of the floating island's rich and powerful Bai Family, but it wasn't their ancestral land. The Luminous Night City in the north was also a large divine city, and there was a Hundred Commandments Tablet guarding it.
If it was a large region controlled by a normal first-or second-tier family, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid. They would probably just rush into the divine city and capture Xuanyuan Chenfeng. Even if they activated the Hundred Commandments Tablet, it wouldn't be a big deal.
After all, the divine region was so big. It would be very difficult for news of them entering and exiting these regions to spread. Even if there was a small possibility of it reaching the floating island, it would take a long time. Before that, Luo Zheng would probably have comprehended all 3,000 Divine Daos.
However, they couldn't be so ostentatious in a rich and powerful family's territory. After all, the Bai Family was a rich and powerful family. If they were alarmed, this news would easily spread to the floating island.
After the two of them retracted their auras in the air, they landed at the entrance of the divine city. As usual, each of them paid a Shenwu coin before stepping into the city.
…
…
In the plaza in the center of the Dongfang Family's floating island, Shenwu coins were piled up into small hills.
There were dozens of spatial rings on Hantianxiao's hands.
These spatial rings weren't small, but a dozen of them were already filled to the brim with Shenwu coins.
After the news of Pang Miao killing Jian Leiting with a single move spread, all the rich and powerful families had completely submitted to Emperor Hanqing.
The Arena of Gods determined the ranking of the floating island's rich and powerful families. Although the rankings hadn't changed, the Han Family was already the number one rich and powerful family. No, it should be said that the Han Family had already conquered all the floating islands. All the rich and powerful families had submitted to the Han Family!
This was something that even Dongfang Chunjun hadn't been able to do back then!
As the head of the Han Family, Hantianxiao was also the head of all the rich and powerful families in name.
When he thought about how those Sages had to lower their heads in front of him, a Paragon, he couldn't suppress his excitement.
This time, Emperor Hanqing had chosen to go into seclusion. The important matter of collecting Shenwu coins was left to him alone.
At first, Hantianxiao was a little nervous …
Getting those Sages to obediently hand over their family's Shenwu coins was definitely not an easy task!
These rich and powerful families had been encouraging their disciples to go to the forbidden area for so many years. On one hand, it was for their disciples to gain experience. On the other hand, it was for large amounts of Shenwu coins.
Everyone wanted to be the one to set the rules. Having a rule on the Governing Slate that was beneficial to the rich and powerful families was self-evident.
However, the amount of Shenwu coins needed to write and change the rules was terrifying. Most of the rich and powerful families couldn't save up that much money.
Even Dongfang Chunjun could only change the rules in a small area. He couldn't write a rule that was too powerful. That would cost an astronomical amount of Shenwu coins.
If all the rich and powerful families gathered their Shenwu coins, they would definitely create a tyrannical rule!
However, Hantianxiao was a little confused. Who was Emperor Hanqing and the Xuan Yuan Guards planning to use this rule against?
He'd heard that even the Sword Tribe's Nirvana Realm expert who created the Land of Non-Aggression was killed. In the entire divine realm, who could go against Han Family?
Despite his doubts, Hantianxiao had always been meticulous in completing the tasks Emperor Hanqing gave him.
"Hualala …"
A Perfect True God from the Liu family came to the edge of the square and activated his spatial ring. Black Shenwu coins poured out of the ring like black water, forming a small mountain.
The Perfect Earthly Immortal took a deep look at Han Tianxiao, snorted coldly, and then turned to leave.
However, Hantianxiao was one step ahead and blocked the Perfect True God's path. He sneered. "Liu Linkui, is your Liu family unhappy about something?"
Liu Linkui thought of the various rumors that had been spreading recently. His expression changed and his displeasure disappeared. He put on a smile and said humbly, "It's a misunderstanding, Brother Hantianxiao. The Liu family wouldn't dare to be unhappy …"
"That's good." Hantianxiao nodded lightly.
Liu Linkui let out a sigh of relief and quickly left.
Most of the rich and powerful families had a lot of grudges against Han Family, but they couldn't do anything about it.

Chapter 2534
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Forbidden Artifact
Within a palace on Han Jia's floating island.
Han Cangyan sat cross-legged, placing the ring in his dantian.
Emperor Hanqing, on the other hand, was pacing back and forth in the palace with an irritated look on his face.
Emperor Hanqing claimed to be in seclusion, but in reality, Han Cangyan himself was the one in seclusion.
Although Pang Miao had given him the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning, Emperor Hanqing had no intention of cultivating it because of Han Cangyan's ring.
Although Han Cangyan was completely under Emperor Hanqing's control, he could use the ring's power at will. However, this power was not the entirety of the Abyss Demons' power.
Emperor Hanqing and the ring were separated by Hancang Yan. It was like there was a thick veil between them. Some things could not be seen clearly.
"You can give me the ring." Lingshu sat in the corner, looking at Emperor Hanqing's anxious expression.
Emperor Hanqing stopped in his tracks and glared at her.
"If you don't want to, you can give it to someone else. For example, Han Tianxiao." Lingshu suggested.
Han Tianxiao was a Perfect True God, and he was loyal to Han Jia. Lingshu's suggestion was a feasible one.
"Impossible." Emperor Hanqing shook his head.
Emperor Hanqing did not trust anyone other than himself.
Emperor Hanqing had another idea, which was to replace Han Cangyan's memories.
But he knew Han Cangyan's personality. If Han Cangyan knew what he was doing, not only would he not help him, but he would also become his enemy.
"Then there's no need to think too much. My Li Clan's Nirvana Realm elites have entered the divine realm. You're all dead. You can enjoy these few years!" Lingshu said.
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed with anger.
This woman!
He had brought this woman out of the Abyss Demons because of her ability.
But her ability required a huge amount of faith. In the battle between the Abyss Demons and the Aristocratic Alliance, she had used up all the faith she had accumulated in the Abyss Demons. If he wanted to use this ability again, he would need a long time to accumulate it. But by then, it would be too late.
Therefore, this woman was no longer of much value to him. Not only that, she even ridiculed him all day long and disturbed his mind!
"You … shut up!" Emperor Hanqing said angrily.
Lingshu puffed out her chest and a smile appeared on her clean and lively face. She had an expression that said, "What are you going to do to me?"
Emperor Han Qing's heart moved slightly. Han Cang Yan, who was sitting cross-legged, raised the ring. Threads of black light shot towards Ling Shu like black lightning.
The black energy coiled around Ling Shu's body, leaving corrosive scars on her snow-white skin.
The intense pain caused Ling Shu's body to curl up involuntarily as she groaned in pain. Even though the pain was unbearable, her eyes remained clear. She continued to look at Emperor Hanqing with a mocking gaze, which made him even more annoyed.
Emperor Hanqing snorted coldly and disappeared from the palace.
…
…
A moment later, Emperor Hanqing appeared in the Sage Hall.
In the center of the Sage Hall's plaza was a unique skeleton.
This skeleton should be the skull of a strange fish. More than thirty sharp teeth were embedded in the huge mouth of the fish that was a thousand feet wide.
Ordinary people would be able to feel the will coming from the skull when they looked up. This will contained an indescribable power of destruction. It was as if no one could resist this will. As long as this strange fish was activated, it could destroy everything in this world.
This strange fish had been dead for who knows how many billions of years, but it could still emit such a powerful will. Just how strong was it when it was alive? Who could have killed this strange fish?
Every time Emperor Hanqing saw the skull, his face would fill with awe. He would sigh at the wonders of the mother world.
Pang Miao had told Emperor Hanqing that this skull was called the Sea Splitter Tooth. It was a forbidden weapon unique to the Xuan Yuan Clan.
They had used this weapon to slaughter all of the Nine Li clansmen in the Skycloud Realm.
Even with the control of the Abyss Realm, Emperor Hanqing found it difficult to imagine such a miraculous power.
However, activating this forbidden weapon required a great price.
Just as Emperor Hanqing appeared in the Sage Hall, a portal appeared in the sky. It descended from the sky and into the mouth of the fish. Inside the mouth of the fish, there was a bloody light.
"Weng …"
As the space passageway trembled, hundreds and thousands of True Gods fell from the space passageway.
They were all alive, men and women.
There were Deities, Lower True Gods, and Upper True Gods with decent strength.
Their expressions were the same. Fear, unease, and confusion.
An irresistible force wrapped around their bodies, making them unable to move or resist.
Just an incense stick's worth of time ago, these people were still in a divine city in the northeast of the Skycloud Realm.
Some were still working hard on their cultivation, hoping to break through their shackles and advance further on the divine dao. As long as they had the confidence to persevere, and with an endless lifespan, they would one day reach perfection.
Some people worked hard for a few Shenwu coins in order to seek greater benefits ….
Until one person appeared in the sky above the divine city.
Although the Divine City's Hundred Commandments Slate had attacked this person immediately, that person didn't seem to be afraid at all. With a wave of his hand, an unimaginable aura covered the area. Then, everyone in every corner of the Divine City was pulled out by an invisible force and sucked into the spatial tunnel.
Little did they know that they were about to face a great calamity.
When the people who fell into the fish's mouth came into contact with the bloody light, they instantly turned into a bloody mist and disappeared.
When the people behind saw what happened, their faces turned pale.
"I don't want to die!"
"What is this …"
"Ahhhhh …"
Some fought with all their might, while others screamed in despair.
But no matter what they did, it was futile. How could mere true gods go against the power of the Nirvana Realm?
With every breath, the bloody light in the fish's mouth devoured tens of thousands of people. After ten or so breaths, over a hundred thousand people in a medium-sized divine city had been devoured.
"Weng …"
Not long after, the portal closed.
The bloody light in the big fish's mouth also faintly receded, but in the empty eye sockets on the fish bones, there was a trace of dense bloody color. At the same time, on one of the fangs on the big fish's mouth, there was a trace of bloody pattern.
Emperor Hanqing quickly walked around the giant fish and cupped his hands at Pang Miao. "Congratulations, Lord Pang Miao! There seem to be more blood patterns … "

Chapter 2535
Cao Family
Pang Miao glanced at Emperor Hanqing and shook his head. "It's far from enough. I want Pu Zhe to speed up and make his move on the central cities."
An average god city only had a population of a hundred thousand or so, but the central god cities of large regions often had millions or even millions of people.
Every time Pu Zhe made a move, he would be able to capture every single person in a divine city.
If news of this got out, it would cause panic in the divine lands. Naturally, they would make full preparations before making a move and not leave anyone alive.
But if they made a move on the central cities, it wouldn't be so easy. The Thousand Commandments Slate couldn't hurt a Paramita, but it would cause Pu Zhe quite a bit of trouble.
"Let's not talk about this. Have you found a way to release the Demonic Abyss?" Pang Miao asked.
Emperor Hanqing sighed, looking a little ashamed. "Not yet."
Pang Miao expressionlessly asked, "How's the collection of shenwu coins going?"
"Let Hanqing handle it. All the large clans are paying shenwu coins, and there's quite a lot." Emperor Hanqing replied.
Pang Miao nodded. "As soon as possible. Although we have the Sea Splitting Fang behind us, those Nirvana Realm experts … are too powerful. Before they enter the Divine Realm, we have to be fully prepared. If we can survive this calamity, when we return to the Mother World, you will definitely be a hero of our You Xiong Clan. I will recommend you to join the Xuan Yuan Guard!
Emperor Hanqing's heart skipped a beat at Pang Miao's words. He cupped his hands. "I will do my best!"
… …
… …
Even though the Xuan Yuan Guard purposely chose the border cities to make their move, it still caused panic in a small area.
After all, every time Pu Zhe made a move, he would leave behind an empty city.
Outside these cities, there were a few second and third tier clans. When these clans entered the city, they would find that the guards at the gates had all disappeared.
When they entered the city, they would naturally find that everyone had disappeared!
This kind of strange thing quietly spread through several large regions in the northeast of the God's Domain.
Brightnight City, Cao Family.
Melodious and light music could be heard coming from the splendid hall.
Several women with enchanting figures were singing and dancing in the hall. These dancers were all lower True Divinities, and they were all beautiful. Their every movement exuded an enchanting aura.
That was the Dao of the Confusion God Dao.
When the Bewitching God Dao was cultivated to the extreme, it could bewitch one's heart, causing one's mind to fall into a state of confusion and confusion.
However, this Dao was ultimately not the Righteous Dao, and the Divine Abilities were not necessarily formidable. Generally speaking, those who chose the Bewitching God Dao in the Divine Realm were mostly women, and these women also sought to add a trace of enchanting beauty to themselves, seeking to become the vassals of some powerhouses.
"Brother Chen Feng's cultivation has increased by another level. I'm afraid that he won't need the Bai Family's help to achieve perfection. He is truly a peerless talent! In the future, when you rise to a high position in the Bai Clan and are put in an important position, don't forget about me, your little brother! "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng leaned against the spacious seat. His eyes were filled with intoxication.
This wine was brewed using a special method in Bright Night City. It could even make an upper True God completely drunk.
The one who spoke next to Xuanyuan Chenfeng was the young master of the Cao family, Cao Si.
Although this Cao Si had the appearance of a youth, he was actually not young. He was someone who had lived for two Divine Eras.
However, when facing Xuanyuan Chenfeng, he still had to call him "Brother."
As a second-tier family, the Cao family also had an upper True God overseeing it. However, those upper True Gods naturally could not be compared to Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
In Cao Si's eyes, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was a freak among freaks. This guy of unknown origin had become an upper true god in just a few short years. Even the elites of the floating island's rich and powerful families would find it hard to compare with him. Now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had a faint trace of perfection.
This news had already been passed on by the Cao family. He believed that it would not be long before the Bai Family came to Bright Night City to pick him up.
In the future, if Xuanyuan Chenfeng was put in an important position by the Bai Family, Cao Si naturally hoped that he could help him. If he could enter the Floating Island through Xuanyuan Chenfeng, his life would be worth it.
"If I can enter the Bai Family, I naturally won't forget you." Xuanyuan Chenfeng narrowed his eyes and smiled.
Ever since he stepped into the Divine Realm, he had a rough understanding of the entire Divine Realm and set his sights on the Floating Island.
Relying on his own talent, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's cultivation speed was relatively fast. In less than ten years, he had already reached the peak of upper True God. This was enough to gain the favor of a wealthy family.
Just as he was intoxicated, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly appeared in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's mind.
I wonder where those brats are now. I wonder if he has already attained the Divine Path. Is he a lower True God? Or is he a middle True God?
If he knew that he could already enter a wealthy family, I wonder what kind of expression he would have!
Xuanyuan Chenfeng and Luo Zheng no longer had any conflicts, but in the end, Luo Zheng was still the one he had to surpass in his life.
When he had just entered the Divine Realm, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had a period of confusion and laziness. After all, this was not the Great Yan Universe, but a completely foreign Divine Realm.
However, when he thought of Luo Zheng, he still clenched his teeth and squeezed out his own talent. Slowly, he attracted the attention of this second-tier family. After that, his status in this Divine City rose rapidly.
Until now, even the Cao Family's Patriarch had to be courteous when he saw him, and this young master of the Cao Family was even at his beck and call.
"Report!"
At this moment, someone barged into the hall. His face was still filled with fear, and his voice was trembling.
The singing and dancing of the orioles and swallows were also interrupted by this voice.
"What's the matter? Why are you so flustered?" Cao Si suddenly stood up. He was naturally angry that someone had disturbed his and Brother Chenfeng's mood.
"Master is in seclusion. I can only come to report to Young Master Cao Si. Something has happened in Yan Yue City!" This person said with a face filled with fear.
As a second-tier family, the Cao Family controlled three Divine Cities. One of the Divine Cities was Yan Yue City.
Cao Si frowned and asked, "Yan Yue City is protected by the Hundred Commandments Slate. What could happen?"
In the eyes of most of the True Gods, the Divine Cities were very safe. Under normal circumstances, nothing major would happen.
"Everyone in Yan Yue City has disappeared!" This person said.
Hearing this, Cao Si's face slightly froze, "What? Are your eyes playing tricks on you? "
"Impossible! I didn't go alone. A group of twenty of us searched Yan Yue City for half a day, but we didn't find a single person. Including the few managers of the Cao Family, we couldn't find anyone! "That person said solemnly.
"How could such a thing happen?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng also realized the seriousness of the matter.
What kind of power could turn a Divine City into an empty city?

Chapter 2536
To meet
Cao Si couldn't sit still anymore. He suddenly stood up and said, "No, I have to report this to my father. You go and inform my uncles! Brother Chen Feng, please forgive me for disturbing your mood today. "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng waved his hand. "No matter! This matter should be taken seriously. If there's anything I can help with, just let me know as soon as possible. "
Cao Si nodded and left in a hurry.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng didn't stay any longer and walked out of the main hall through the side door.
As the central god city of the Luminous Night Region, Luminous Night City wasn't considered a big city. However, this god city was very unique.
There was a mine three hundred miles away from Luminous Night City. It produced a unique light congealing stone. This stone absorbed the sunlight during the day and sparkled at night.
Such minerals were of no use to true gods, but as decorations, they could decorate a divine city beautifully. Even the wealthy families of the floating islands would purchase some.
Along the way, the streets were flashing with azure light.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's development was very stable. In a few years, he already had his own house in Bright Night City.
On the way home, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly felt a faintly discernible aura.
He frowned slightly and continued to move forward without showing any emotion.
Although the news from Yan Yue City was very strange, Xuanyuan Chenfeng still subconsciously believed that Luminous Night City was safe.
The person who wanted to make a move here was at least a Complete True God or above. It was impossible for such a person to find him.
"Am I being too sensitive?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng thought.
However, before he could take two steps, that faintly discernible aura was transmitted over again.
This aura was not concealed too much, as if it was purposely letting him discover it.
His eyes narrowed slightly, and he immediately sped up, rushing forward …
However, the strange thing was that no matter how fast he moved, he couldn't get rid of that aura. Every few breaths, that aura would suddenly attack him, announcing its existence.
In desperation, Xuanyuan Chenfeng finally rushed to a deserted corner and clasped the spatial ring in his hand.
Fighting in the Divine City would alert the stone slab, but it would take a certain amount of time for the stone slab to be activated. Before that, he had to be on full alert.
At this moment, a figure flashed out.
The moment this figure appeared, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's Sumeru Ring released light, and half of a dark green spear appeared.
At this moment, a hand gently brushed the spear back into the Sumeru Ring. At the same time, a voice sounded out, "If you attack, you will disturb the Hundred Abstinence Stone Tablet. Brother Chen Feng, I trust you have been well since we last met."
Xuanyuan Chenfeng took a closer look and saw Luo Zheng's half-smiling face.
"Luo Zheng?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng's face was filled with astonishment. "How did you find me …"
Frankly speaking, Xuanyuan Chenfeng did not want to see this face.
Although those matters in the Great Yan Universe had been brushed aside, as long as he saw this guy, there would still be a shadow in his heart.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng looked at Luo Zheng in astonishment. The astonishment on his face became more and more intense. "You, you have already reached the Peak?"
Not just Great Perfection!
The aura Luo Zheng emitted was very subtle. No matter where he stood, he could blend in with the surrounding scenery. There was not a trace of abrupt feeling. This kind of temperament was not bestowed by the Divine Path.
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently, then said, "I did not find you. It was my father. He could sense your existence."
"Your father? Isn't that … "As Xuanyuan Chenfeng was speaking, a blurry figure appeared not far away. It was Luo Xiao.
Although Luo Xiao had concealed his cultivation level, a Saint had a unique and vast aura because of the universe.
More importantly, Luo Xiao was the master of the universe in the Great Yan Universe, and Xuanyuan Chenfeng was originally a creature of the universe. This kind of connection that came from the creator made Xuanyuan Chenfeng involuntarily feel a trace of reverence.
"Chenfeng greets the master of the Great Yan Universe," Xuanyuan Chenfeng cupped his hands and said.
Once in the universe, Xuanyuan Chenfeng had always been proud of his family background.
He was the son of a Sky Sovereign, and the strongest Sky Sovereign in the universe.
Only after the Great Yan Universe War with the Sacred Clan did Xuanyuan Chenfeng know about the existence of the Divine Realm. He knew about the origin of the Great Yan Universe War, and also knew about Luo Zheng's identity …
"Leave this place with us. I'm afraid there will be quite a bit of trouble in this god city," said Luo Xiao.
Just now, Luo Xiao and Luo Zheng had been hiding outside. Naturally, they heard what the Cao family's servant said.
"What kind of trouble will there be in Luminous Night City?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng hurriedly asked.
Although Xuanyuan Chenfeng's ambition was to become a wealthy family on the floating island, he had been in this god city for many years. He still had some feelings for it.
"It is very difficult for a Peak True God to make all the people in a god city disappear. The person who did it is at least a saint," said Luo Xiao indifferently.
"Saint!" Xuanyuan Chenfeng was slightly shocked. However, he quickly remembered that there was a Saint standing in front of him …
Luo Xiao smiled and continued, "A Saint would not be so bored as to kill ordinary god citizens. Even if he needed to sharpen his killing intent to cultivate some Path of Godhood, he would not choose a god city in Luminous Night City. After all, the god city here is protected by the Bai family. If it is not handled well, it will cause a dispute between the wealthy families … The other party might be even stronger than a Saint."
Actually, Luo Xiao already had a guess in his heart.
He had heard Li Luoshui mention before that the Xuanyuan Guards had a forbidden weapon in their hands. It required a large amount of blood to activate.
Now that the Xuanyuan Guards were released, they would definitely use this forbidden weapon. It would explain the large number of people disappearing in the god city. Moreover, only the Xuanyuan Guards were not afraid of angering the Bai family.
Hearing this, Xuanyuan Chenfeng was even more confused. "Aren't the strongest people in the Divine Realm the Saints? What kind of people can surpass the Saints? "
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's experience was quite different from Luo Zheng's.
He did not know about the existence of the outer region. Naturally, he would not know about the existence of the Nirvana Realm experts.
"I can't explain it clearly in a short time. Anyway, we can't fight against such experts at our current stage. Let's quickly leave this place," urged Luo Zheng.
Who knew that Xuanyuan Chenfeng thought for a while and said, "Then can I inform the Cao family to disperse the people in Luminous Night City? If these people died in vain, it would be a pity … "
After wandering in the Divine Realm for so many years, Xuanyuan Chenfeng's violent temperament had become much more restrained.
Luo Zheng and Luo Xiao looked at each other. They were slightly hesitant.
They still had to absorb Path of Godhood in the Divine Realm. They did not want to alarm the Xuanyuan Guards.
"If we only disperse the people in the god city, they would not be able to guess that it was us. After all, after the Cao family discovered the strangeness of Yanyue City, they might also choose to disperse. You should move faster," said Luo Xiao.

Chapter 2537
Abandoning the city
Xuanyuan Chenfeng left like an arrow.
Luo Zheng and Luo Xiao waited in place …
After about two incense sticks worth of time, Xuanyuan Chenfeng returned and cupped his hands towards Luo Xiao. "I have already informed the Cao Family. As for what decision the Cao Family will make, I can't control it."
Luo Xiao looked at Xuanyuan Chenfeng and nodded slightly. "You did the right thing. The decision of life and death can only be made by them. Just do your part."
As the master of the universe, he knew everyone in the universe like the back of his hand. With just a thought, he could know someone's experience from birth to now.
Xuanyuan Chenfeng's talent wasn't any weaker than Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. However, the difference in birth and experience between the three was huge.
This person's journey in the universe had been smooth sailing, and he had been doted on by several Empyreans. He had developed an eccentric temperament. Who would have thought that after coming to the Divine Realm for a period of experience, this temperament would also be suppressed.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and took out the Gen Writ. He drew a spatial passage and smiled at Xuanyuan Chenfeng. "You go in first!"
"I go in alone?" Xuanyuan Chenfeng was slightly stunned.
Actually, Xuanyuan Chenfeng still had a lot of questions …
"Someone in the immortal mansion will receive you. We still have other things to do," Luo Zheng replied.
After Xuanyuan Chenfeng entered the spatial passage, Luo Xiao waved his hand and used greater teleportation. He and Luo Zheng disappeared from this small corner of Luminous Night City. He used greater teleportation and left the Luminous Night City.
In the city lord's mansion of Luminous Night City, the Cao Family's master ended his seclusion. He was silent for a while before saying, "Everyone … what do you think?"
Just now, Xuanyuan Chenfeng suddenly barged in and asked the Cao Family to lead everyone out of Luminous Night City. He only said that if they didn't leave, there would be a great calamity and everyone would die.
"Father! I believe in Xuanyuan Chenfeng's judgement! " Cao Si admired Xuanyuan Chenfeng to the extreme. Looking at Xuanyuan Chenfeng's solemn vow, although he didn't give a reasonable reason, he still chose to believe him.
"Abandoning the city has a huge impact on our Cao Family! We should ask the Bai Clan for help in this matter. I believe that the Bai Clan will protect us. Moreover … we need the Bai Clan to stand up for us in the matter of Flaming Moon City. Even if the other party is a Saint, he should have some reservations! "An elder of the Cao Clan said.
Cao Si hurriedly said, "By the time the Bai Family stands up for us, I'm afraid we'll already be dead!"
What they didn't know was that even the Bai Family couldn't protect themselves. They had no choice but to submit to Han Jia and the Xuan Yuan Guard.
The Patriarch of the Cao Family was silent for a long time. Finally, his eyes flashed with determination as he said, "Cao Si is right. Although leaving Luminous Night City to hide temporarily is a big deal, this loss is insignificant compared to our lives … Everyone in Luminous Night City, abandon the city and hide temporarily!"
The Cao Clan's order was quickly sent out. The Bright Night City, which was originally immersed in the darkness, suddenly became lively.
Most people did not understand the Cao Family's actions. Why would they order everyone to leave the Divine City?
However, the Cao Family was the ruler of the Divine City. They naturally had the right to chase away the Divine People …
The exit of the city was filled with people. Everyone left the Divine City from all directions.
After leaving the Divine City, many people stayed outside the city to watch.
Not long after the people of Luminous Night City left the Divine City, a blue light suddenly appeared in the sky above the city.
A burly figure appeared from the light. This person was the Xuan Yuan Guard Pu Zhe.
At this moment, Pu Zhe's face was filled with impatience …
Among the Xuan Yuan Guards, his battle strength was second only to his big brother Pang Miao. However, his big brother had assigned him to do such dirty work!
Huyan was the most relaxed. He stayed on the floating island every day to use the Xuanyuan Magatama to search for Xuan Yuan Guards that might pass by. Just thinking about it made him angry.
Just now, his big brother had ordered him to speed up the collection of blood food. Whether it was the Central Divine City or not, no matter what influence it had, he had to collect everything …
Since there was nothing to worry about, there was no need for him to run around and be picky. Just like that, he went east and collected one Divine City after another!
With a wave of his hand, a round ancient mirror appeared in his hand. This ancient mirror faintly rippled with spatial fluctuations.
He turned the ancient mirror downwards and softly uttered a single word, "Withdraw!"
"Weng …"
The blue spatial energy spread from the sky and enveloped Luminous Night City.
He collected dozens of Divine Cities in a row. Now, he was too lazy to check how many people there were. No matter how many there were, he would just send them to the Saint Hall …
"Eh?"
Under the spatial energy's envelopment, not a single person was pulled up.
This scene caused Pu Zhe to be slightly stunned. Only then did he react. "Heh, these ants probably got the news and fled long ago?"
Pu Zhe did not think too much about it. If they fled, so be it. He did not want to catch them all in one fell swoop. After all, there were more people in the other Divine Cities. It would be easier to deal with them.
However, since he had made a move, he had to get something out of it.
With a sweep of his gaze, he discovered that a portion of them were still outside the city.
Hence, he held the bronze mirror and swept it out of the city …
The people outside the city were not willing to leave Luminous Night City. However, after the Cao Family gave the order, they had no choice but to leave. They could only return to Luminous Night City after the Cao Family removed the order.
When they saw the blue light above Luminous Night City, a bad feeling arose in their hearts.
"Run!"
Seeing that the blue light deviated from the city and headed straight for them, some of the True Gods started to run!
However, how could their speed be faster than Pu Zhe?
The blue light released by the bronze mirror swept gently and enveloped these people.
Those who were swept into the blue light instantly felt the space around them solidify. They could not help but be sucked into the sky and into the bronze mirror …
With a sweep of the blue light, tens of thousands of people were collected.
Outside the city, there were still a considerable number of people who escaped the net frantically fleeing. Pu Zhe could not be bothered with them and used Greater Teleportation to rush to the next Divine City.
Dozens of miles away from Luminous Night City, the people from the Cao Family also saw this scene. They were all dumbfounded.
"What kind of technique is that? With just a sweep of the bronze mirror, so many people were collected! "
"This person's aura is so strange. I can't tell what kind of Divine Dao he cultivates!"
"That is a Sage, right? I wonder which Sage he is! "
The people from the Cao Family discussed fervently. The people from the Cao Family all felt as though they had just survived a disaster.
If not for the Family Head's prompt decision to abandon the city, everyone from the Cao Family would have been sucked into the bronze mirror.
Most of the True Gods had lived for a few Divine Epochs and had never had the opportunity to see a Sage. In their hearts, a Sage was that strong.
"No, that is not a Sage. That is someone stronger than a Sage!"
Cao Si suddenly said something strange. Furthermore, her tone was very certain.
"Who could be stronger than a Sage?" Cao Si's father looked at his son in confusion. "How do you know?"

Chapter 2538
Descent
"Xuanyuan Chenfeng? How did he know? Where is he now? "The head of the Cao Family was confused.
Cao Si shook his head. "I don't know. He said he's leaving and that we'll meet again …"
When Xuanyuan Chenfeng left, he said a bunch of strange things to him and tried his best to persuade him to leave the God City.
From his confident tone and what happened in Brightnight City, he seemed to have known about this in advance. As for how he knew, how could Cao Si figure it out?
However, Cao Si already knew that this brother of his was not an ordinary person.
While the people in Brightnight City were still in shock, Luo Xiao brought Luo Zheng to the Thick Sky Region, which was tens of millions of miles away.
The Thick Sky Region had a Dao stele next to a Central God City. This Central God City was relatively large and probably had over a million God citizens.
Luo Zheng looked at this Central God City and pursed his lips. "Father, should we spread the news of the massacre?"
Who knew how many people in the God Domain would die if they massacred one city after another.
If Luo Zheng was the first to spread the news, many lives could be saved.
Luo Xiao shook his head. "The risk is too big. We don't know where they'll appear. Even if we spread the news, it won't spread across the entire God Domain in a short time. They can change to another region."
If they found the God City empty every time they arrived, they would probably go to the north or south of the God Domain.
"If we want to save the people of the God Domain, we have to get rid of those Xuanyuan Guards." Luo Xiao patted Luo Zheng's head. "Go."
Luo Zheng nodded. He drew an arc in the air and headed straight for the Dao steles below.
Three thousand Dao steles were distributed in the God Domain according to a certain distance.
In such a vast region, the chances of bumping into the Xuanyuan Guards were minuscule.
The only thing worth noting was that there were a few Dao steles scattered around the Sea of Time. When Luo Xiao brought Luo Zheng there, he was fully prepared. If there was even the slightest movement, he would bring Luo Zheng away.
During this month, the Dao steles in Luo Zheng's mind lit up one after another.
The scales on the Immeasurable Ruler were also covered with all kinds of divine daos. Meanwhile, in Luo Zheng's internal world, the divine lattice plate was emitting a dazzling and magnificent luster, which was constantly scattering everywhere.
Luo Zheng was absorbing Shinto all over the Divine Realm, but there was one person who was even busier than Luo Zheng, and that was the Evil Deities.
Currently, Luo Zheng's inner world was also a complex great world. Sects stood in great numbers, and their strengths were intricate and complex. Every once in a while, a new star would appear. After comprehending a Divine Dao, they would establish a dynasty, and even unify the entire world.
But all of them failed, and the reason was Evil Deities.
Evil Deities had become a legend in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Although he rarely showed himself in public, the old monsters in those big sects and big forces would always advise their juniors not to provoke this person.
Over the years, Evil Deities had always been in a bad mood.
Luo Zheng had promised him many times that he would release him from this world, but he had waited bitterly for all these years without any news.
Sometimes, Evil Deities could sense the fluctuations of power in this world, especially when the divine lattice plate and the nine stars were shining. He could clearly feel that someone had extracted the power from within, and the person who had extracted this power had to be Luo Zheng!
But now, Luo Zheng didn't show himself, so Evil Deities couldn't do anything.
Thirty years ago, Evil Deities couldn't bear it any longer. The most outrageous time was when he split a continent in half. That was to vent the dissatisfaction in his heart, and also to lure Luo Zheng out. But even so, Luo Zheng still didn't show himself.
But during this time, Evil Deities was in a good mood.
With his talent, every additional Divine Path in the divine lattice plate meant that he could cultivate a new Divine Path.
Previously, there were nearly four hundred Divine Paths in the divine lattice plate, and he had already comprehended all of them. But because of the restrictions of this world, he couldn't break through to Perfection True God.
But recently, the number of Divine Paths in the divine lattice plate had increased at an unimaginable speed, and Evil Deities was also happy to endure.
Evil Deities didn't know what it meant to absorb so many Divine Paths, nor did he know how exaggerated his talent was.
In his knowledge, there was no one to compare it to. He even thought that the people outside this world were like Luo Zheng, able to easily control so many Divine Paths.
In the Extreme North …
Luo Zheng landed in front of another Dao stele.
The Dao steles in the picture in his mind had all been lit up, and the three thousand scales had been filled. He only lacked the last Divine Path in front of him.
"The Devouring Divine Path, cultivated to perfection, can devour all things in the world. After absorbing this Divine Path, the Infinite Ruler will also reach perfection. I wonder what will happen." Luo Zheng was faintly excited.
Without thinking too much, two golden halos flickered in his eyes again.
The rich Dao essence emitted by the Dao steles shot out along the halos toward the Infinite Ruler.
On a small scale, the unique symbol of the Devouring Divine Path condensed …
"Buzz …"
The golden light on the scale flew along the scale, from one end of the Immeasurable Ruler to the other.
At this moment, the entire jade ruler seemed to come alive, and it flew around in Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Xiao also knew that this was the last Divine Path of the three thousand Divine Paths. Unable to hold back, he also landed and asked with concern, "What's wrong? Did something change? "
Luo Zheng stood in place in a daze. He frowned slightly and said, "There doesn't seem to be any change. This ruler just keeps spinning …"
"Spinning?" Luo Xiao's eyes focused.
"It stopped. This ruler is pointing in a direction. It's the south!" Luo Zheng turned around and pointed to the south. Fly …
This ruler was like a compass. No matter how Luo Zheng turned his body, it kept pointing to the south.
"The Sea of Time?" Luo Xiao looked surprised.
The Beipan Region where Luo Zheng was now belonged to the east, and the direction he was pointing to was the Sea of Time …
However, just as Luo Zheng pointed, a slight vibration was transmitted.
The frequency of this vibration was not high, but everyone in the entire Divine Realm felt it at this moment.
Even the floating island in the air was shaking slightly. The shaking didn't seem to be coming from the ground, but from the entire God's Domain.
"What's happening? Did another Sage fall? "Luo Zheng looked up at the sky.
Luo Zheng thought that only the collapse of the universe could cause such a vibration.
However, Luo Xiao's face was full of surprise as he said, "No, the collapse of the universe does not cause such a reaction. This is the arrival of the Sage Mountain!"
"The Sage Mountain? Father, didn't you calculate that there are still some days left? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.

Chapter 2539
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Battle for Dominion
"The Saint Mountain is descending? Isn't there still some time? "Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Luo Xiao clasped his thumb, and traces of green Taoist Connotation surrounded his hand. It was the Taoist Connotation of the Great Yan Divine Path.
It was extremely difficult to deduce the unknown. Even Luo Xiao could not figure out the true intention of the Infinity Ruler. He could only deduce within a general range.
After the strands of green Taoist Connotation gathered into a point, Luo Xiao said with a serious face, "It should be because of the Infinity Ruler. It's pointing to the direction of the Saint Mountain. It seems that Gu Bei is overthinking …"
Only Gu Bei had entered the maze in the Saint Mountain.
Gu Bei himself had not deciphered the mystery of the maze because he could not walk through it.
After leaving the Saint Mountain, Gu Bei could not forget the maze. He relied on his amazing memory to draw the maze and placed it on the Real Impasse Path.
"Father, do you mean that the Infinity Ruler is not only pointing to the Saint Mountain?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Xiao nodded. "It's very likely that it's pointing to the exit of the maze!"
Hearing his father's words, Luo Zheng's eyes were burning with passion.
Although it was only a guess about what was at the end of the maze, it did not stop him from making various guesses. After all, Chi You would not give something useless to his mother.
…
…
Central of the Divine Realm, north of the Sea of Time.
Under the constant tremors, the water of the Sea of Time began to sway.
The Blind Tribesmen cruising on the Sea of Time lowered their voices, opened their hands and feet, and placed them around their small boats. This way, they could stabilize their small boats to the greatest extent and not be overturned by the Sea of Time.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
To the north of the Sea of Time was an endless plain. A crack had been torn open in the middle of the plain.
It was noon now. The sun shone down from the sky and entered the crack, reflecting a silver glow from the crack.
As the tremors became more and more intense, it seemed that a huge monster was about to burst out from the crack!
"Rumble …"
The first thing to come out of the crack was the tip of a mountain. The tip of the mountain was "growing" at a visible speed. The huge silver mountain quickly rose from the ground, and the crack in the plain was constantly expanding under the pressure of the mountain.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the huge mountain finally emerged from the crack completely.
The entire mountain was actually floating in mid-air, and the bottom of the mountain was still several hundred feet above the ground …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Saints of the wealthy clans all left their floating islands and floated high up in the sky, looking down at the silver mountain below.
Their faces flickered with astonishment, completely unable to understand what was happening in front of them.
"The arrival of the Saint Mountain has been brought forward?" The Saint of the Bai Clan said in a daze.
"Not too long ago," Mu Haiji said as he stared at the Saint Mountain.
Another Saint said, "But Saint Mountain always descends on time. For so many god epochs, there has been no deviation. Why is there a deviation this time?" Fang Shi Xing said as he turned to look at the floating island.
The Saint Mountain was not affected by the outside world at all. Many people in the Divine Realm knew that the Saint Mountain was buried underground to the north of the Sea of Time. Every time a Saint was selected, it would be buried obediently.
There was once a Saint who dug down from the plains and tried to enter through other means. Naturally, the outcome was tragic. If it wasn't for Huan Yu, this Saint would have fallen into eternal slumber.
Since then, no one dared to do anything to the Saint Mountain.
"Brother Xing, are you talking about the Xuan Yuan Guards?" Tang Wan asked.
After the Xuan Yuan Guards entered the Sea of Time, no one knew what they were doing in the Saint Hall. Even though they were quite far away, they could still feel the dense killing intent emanating from the Saint Hall.
The Xuan Yuan Guards forced all the Saints to join the Wealthy Clan Alliance and submit to Emperor Hanqing. They didn't dare to go against the Xuan Yuan Guards, but they weren't convinced in their hearts.
"Only they can do that." Fang Shi Xing was very sure of his guess.
Every time the Saint Mountain descended, it was a huge matter for the entire Divine Realm.
At this moment, the Wealthy Clans weren't the only ones paying attention to this.
There were also many first-tier clans in the Divine Realm. These clans either had a Quasi Saint or a Perfect True God.
Once they became a Quasi Saint at the Saint Mountain, they could lead their clans to the floating island and become a Wealthy Clan. This was the ultimate dream of almost every clan!
In the Saint Hall …
Huyan, Puzhe, Hou Bo, and Cha Yao were gathered here.
Half of the 30 plus teeth on the forbidden artifact Sea Splitting Tooth were glowing with blood.
After Puzhe attacked the Central God Cities, he could throw millions of lives into the fish's mouth every time, greatly increasing the speed of progress.
However, this time, Pang Miao's expression was unexpectedly serious.
"Big brother, you worry too much! It's just the Saint Mountain descending early. Don't think too much! "Puzhe said with disdain.
Pang Miao's eyes flashed with a unique light. His gaze landed on Huyan and he said, "Huyan also tried to break open the Saint Mountain to investigate the mysteries within, but he didn't find anything in the end."
Huyan cupped his hands towards Pang Miao. "I was heavily injured that time and had to recuperate for many years. Even with big brother's strength, I'm afraid you can't enter the Saint Mountain …"
"The restrictions on the outer layer of the Divine Realm are unable to stop us, but a mere Saint Mountain can easily isolate us. The thing hidden in this mountain might very well be a newborn World Will …" Pang Miao said with narrowed eyes.
Everyone in the Mother World used the Great World Cultivation Method to enter the Dao, so they weren't unfamiliar with the Secondary World.
Whether it was the Spirit Lodging Ground, the Inner World, or a world like Chi You, they all needed to be controlled by their own will.
Under normal circumstances, the ruler of the world would always exist because a True God was usually the ruler of their own inner world. If a True God died, the inner world would also collapse. As long as the True God was still alive, it would be impossible for them to lose control.
However, the world was so big that there would always be accidents.
For example, if someone's soul dissipated but their body didn't, the Inner World would still exist. In this situation, the ruler of the Inner World would disappear.
After the ruler disappeared, two situations could occur. One was that an expert in the Inner World discovered this and replaced the creator to control the Inner World. It even controlled the original owner's body! However, this situation wasn't common because the level of life was too low. Normally, they wouldn't realize this.
The other situation was that the Inner World's will awakened!
The Inner World's will replaced the original owner to control the Inner World.

Chapter 2540
The Death of the Matriarch
Back then, Mu Haiji had placed the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe in the Dayan Universe with a clear motive.
It was to fight for control of the world's consciousness.
However, the Dayan Universe was still Luo Xiao's home ground. From the moment Luo Zheng was born, Luo Xiao had already prepared some things for him.
Mu Haiji wanted to fight for control, but that was wishful thinking. In the end, he was defeated by the Celestial Venerables.
"Big Brother, let's just start with that woman! It's a life and death struggle anyway, "said Huyan suddenly after thinking about it.
Pang Miao narrowed his eyes, a cold glint flashing in the depths of his pupils. "I'm afraid that's the only way. Let's go to the Blind Tribe!"
The divine territory had been away from the Mother World for so long and was not under the control of Chi You's consciousness. It was extremely easy for self-consciousness to be born.
Especially in such a perfect world, once the world's consciousness was born, there was simply no way to resist.
The divine territory was not a place of spiritual sustenance like the universe. Suppressing the world's consciousness was not an easy task.
The moment the Xuan Yuan Wei entered the divine territory, they had already realized this problem. It was only later that they discovered Chi You's method.
…
…
"Hualala …"
"Hualala …"
The waters of the Sea of Time gently lapped against the reefs on the shore.
Although the tiny fragments of time in the water could tear everything apart, they would not tear apart the vessel that held them.
For countless years, the Blind Tribe had lived leisurely lives.
Their tribe's lifespan was not long. The oldest lived for only a few thousand years, while the shortest lived for three to five hundred years.
Compared to the True Gods, whose lifespan was limitless, the Blind Tribe's lifespan was as short as a white steed flitting across a crevice.
However, only when time came to an end would people cherish it …
Their limitless lifespan made most True Gods live like slaves. For the sake of a residence in the divine city, for the sake of a few hundred Shenwu coins, they would waste several Divine Epochs working hard.
In contrast, the Blind Tribe cherished their current lives more.
If the number of disciples on the floating island decreased, most of the Blind Tribe would find a beach and lie down peacefully to bask in the sun.
Behind the forest on the inner side of the island, there was an independent open space. There was a wooden building in the middle of the open space. When someone walked in, they could hear the creaking sound of the wooden building.
The female leader of the Blind Tribe was dressed in white. She sat on the balcony of the wooden building. The eyes behind the mask did not betray any emotion.
On a small path in the forest, three Blind Tribesmen strode towards the wooden building. When they saw the female chief, the leader cupped his hands and said, "Chief! The Saint Mountain has descended in advance and broken the rules of time. Does that mean … "
"Yes," the Matriarch replied calmly.
There was an ancient legend in the Blind Tribe that their mission would eventually come to an end.
And the day of the end would come with the arrival of the Saint Mountain.
The people of the Blind Tribe were very concerned about this matter. Naturally, they came to ask their female leader.
"Patriarch, have you chosen someone you like? Is it the Luo Zheng who took away the Time Jade Seal? "A blind tribesman asked again.
The Matriarch smiled faintly. Her eyes behind the mask revealed a trace of relief. "I asked you to calculate before, but you couldn't tell. Now it seems that it is indeed him."
"Then where should we go from here?" The blind tribesman asked.
The Matriarch shook her head. "I don't know … You can leave the Sea of Time and become ordinary people of the gods. You can also stay on this island."
"We of the Blind Tribe were born and raised here. I don't think any of us would be willing to leave here," the blind tribesman said.
The Matriarch's white finger gently pointed. A brilliant ray of light spread from her fingertip. A thin sword slowly extended from the light.
This was the Sword of Time of the gods.
"Even the saints thought that this sword could destroy everything. But time is vast and profound. It involves the mystery of the entire chaos. How can it be so easy to control? I can't even kill Dongfang Chunjun. If you stay here, I can't protect you." The Matriarch's voice carried a trace of helplessness.
"We of the Blind Tribe may not have much lifespan left, but none of us are afraid of death!" The blind tribesman said loudly.
The Matriarch didn't say anything else. She gently stood up and took two steps back. Then, she suddenly slashed in the direction where she was standing. She stretched out her finger and lightly flicked the sword. The aura of time quietly dissipated into the air.
"Matriarch, why are you …" The blind tribesman saw the Matriarch's actions and panicked.
The Matriarch smiled bitterly and said, "Don't worry. You'll know soon."
Just as she finished speaking, a spatial fluctuation suddenly appeared in front of the balcony. Then, five figures appeared.
The leader was Pang Miao!
Pang Miao sized up the Matriarch and asked calmly, "You're the woman who controls the Sea of Time?"
The Matriarch nodded slightly.
"It was my order that Dongfang Chunjun and Huyan didn't kill you," Pang Miao said.
The Matriarch's voice carried a trace of a mischievous smile. "So, I should thank you?"
With the Sword of Time of the Gods, the Matriarch could cut through almost everything.
However, this sword actually had quite a lot of limitations. The people in the Divine Realm might not be able to fight against her, but that didn't mean the Xuan Yuan Wei couldn't. Huyan also gave Dongfang Chunjun the means to dodge.
That was why Dongfang Chunjun alone was able to kill the female clan leader.
"Hand over the method to control the newborn will, and I can spare your life. One day, you can return to the Mother World. The Xuan Yuan Clan will also have a great future for you!" Pang Miao said.
"You didn't kill me back then not because you pitied me, but because you didn't dare. Are you going to kill me today?" The Matriarch suddenly asked.
"We've already come this far. Why wouldn't I dare?" Pang Miao threatened coldly.
The Matriarch puffed out her chest and stared at Pang Miao. The mockery in her beautiful eyes became more and more intense. She smiled faintly and said, "Then do it!"
"You!" Pang Miao's expression froze. He actually hesitated.
He came today to force this woman to submit. He didn't really plan to take her life.
"You really think we don't dare to kill a b * tch like you?"
Seeing this, Pu Zhe really wanted to attack. However, Pang Miao blocked Pu Zhe and said angrily, "Stop!"
"Since you don't dare to attack, I can only do it," the Matriarch said with a sigh.
Just as she finished speaking, a powerful aura came from behind her.
Pang Miao's expression suddenly changed. "Oh no! Stop her! "
No matter how fast the Xuan Yuan Wei reacted, they were still a step too late.
The Matriarch didn't attack at all. Before the Xuan Yuan Wei arrived, she had already slashed with her sword.

Chapter 2541
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
At the foot of the Saint Mountain
Pang Miao's face was ashen as he stared at the corpse of the female tribe leader.
Pu Zhe didn't seem to care as he sneered, "Hehe, this suicide method is quite creative …"
Huyan said seriously, "If the female tribe leader killed herself, it's the same as letting the divine realm's consciousness go unchecked. It seems like she already knows who her successor is!"
The meaning of the Time Sea and its forbidden area was to suppress the awakening of the divine realm's consciousness.
The divine realm was a ship that Chi You gave the Li tribe to escape. If this ship awakened its own consciousness, it would be troublesome.
The consciousness of a world was often unpredictable. If the consciousness was kind, it would be fine. If the consciousness was evil and violent, it could easily kill all life in the divine realm.
The mission of the female tribe leader was to suppress the newborn consciousness and maintain the divine realm's consciousness in its newborn state.
Dongfang Chunjun and Huyan both had the idea of killing the female tribe leader and replacing her.
But this suggestion was rejected by Pang Miao.
Pang Miao was afraid that after the death of the female tribe leader, the divine realm's newborn consciousness would lose its suppression and have its own consciousness and personality. At that time, the divine realm would be completely out of their control. And because the Xuan Yuan Guards were stronger than the natives of the divine realm, they would very likely become the divine realm's first target.
For the same reason, the female tribe leader had been diligently suppressing the newborn consciousness. But in the process, she was also choosing her own targets.
Last time in the Time Sea, the Blind tribe tried to use the Time Sea to deduce the possibility of Luo Zheng, but they didn't understand.
Later, Luo Zheng stole the Time Jade Seal from the hands of many saints. Only then did the female tribe leader understand Luo Zheng's strong potential. Even at that time, the female tribe leader was still observing.
This time, the Saint Mountain opened early. The female tribe leader was finally able to confirm this fact …
At that moment, she already knew that her mission was over.
She also knew that the Xuan Yuan Guards wouldn't sit still. They would definitely try to stop and save her.
So the female tribe leader made the wisest choice, which was to kill herself.
Just in case, she even used the Time Sword's ability to kill herself.
Cha Yao walked up and picked up the crystals scattered on the ground. He shook his head and said, "After this treasure shattered, it has no value …"
"This sword isn't important. What's important is who is her successor?"
As Pang Miao spoke, he stared at the three Blind Tribesmen.
The three blind tribesmen felt Pang Miao's gaze and their bodies trembled slightly.
"I'll give you three breaths of time. Either speak, or all of the Blind Tribesmen will die with you," Pang Miao said calmly.
To the Xuan Yuan Guards, the Blind Tribe was even worse than an ant. They had many ways to search their memories.
"It's Luo Zheng!"
The leader of the Blind Tribesmen spoke without hesitation.
Before the Matriarch died, she did not ask them to keep this secret. Naturally, they did not need to bear any responsibility.
"Luo Zheng?" Pang Miao was slightly confused.
"It's the son of Luo Shui. Those Chiyou Guards outside the Divine Region were lured here by him," Hu-yan added. He was not too surprised to hear this answer. After all, it was the son of Luo Shui. It was only right that the Divine Region should belong to this person. He was just curious as to why this had happened so suddenly and without any warning.
Pang Miao nodded. "So it's him."
"Isn't that simple? These rats are hiding in the forbidden area. We just have to drag them out! "Pu Zhe rubbed his nose and chuckled.
"But the forbidden area is not so easy to enter," Hu-yan said.
Hou Bo, who had been silent all this time, narrowed his eyes and said, "Back then, we tore open a forbidden area. Although it was a little troublesome, it could not stop us!"
Not many years after the Divine Region had set off, the Xuan Yuan Guards had killed their way into the Divine Region. At that time, many Li tribesmen had chosen to hide in the forbidden area. After all, the forbidden area had powerful restrictions that could keep out outsiders.
However, the Xuan Yuan Guards had still managed to tear open the forbidden area and kill many Li tribesmen.
"Back then, that forbidden area was only a second level forbidden area. Furthermore, the Divine Region has evolved for so many years. The forbidden area now cannot be compared to that," Hu-yan retorted.
Pang Miao nodded. "Hu-yan's words make sense. However, this matter must be done! Don't forget, we still have people we can use! "
At that time, the Xuan Yuan Guards had stepped into the Divine Region and could be said to have enemies everywhere.
The Divine Region was no longer the same as before. They even controlled the Saint Hall and had many Saints at their disposal.
"This matter should not be delayed. Cha Yao, Hou Bo, you two go find Emperor Hanqing. Before the Saint Mountain opens, I want to see Luo Zheng's corpse," Pang Miao said expressionlessly.
"What about me?" Pu Zhe asked.
"You continue to collect blood for the Sea Cracker Teeth," Pang Miao said.
His missions were always the most difficult and tiring. Pu Zhe did not dare to disobey Pang Miao. He only asked unwillingly, "What about Hu-yan?"
"He continues to search for the other Xuan Yuan Guards in the chaos …"
The greatest pressure on the Xuan Yuan Guards was not Luo Zheng's group.
In their eyes, these Saints and True Gods were nothing to be afraid of. Although they would get rid of them sooner or later, the only ones worthy of their attention were the Nirvana realm experts from the outer regions.
However, the arrival of the Saint Mountain drew Pang Miao's attention back. He realized that these ants hiding in the forbidden area were about to ruin their plans.
…
…
On the second day of the Saint Mountain's arrival, many Quasi-sages and Perfected True Gods had gathered from all directions.
The Saint Mountain would not open immediately after its arrival. There was still a long wait, but most people would be stationed at the foot of the Saint Mountain in advance.
"Does anyone know why the Saint Mountain opened two years earlier?" a woman asked.
This woman was the head of the Wen family in the northern part of the Divine Region. She had the cultivation of Perfected True Gods.
"Who knows? Anyway, I've been waiting for this day for many years. This time, I'll definitely lead the Huang family into the Sea of Time! " Another man said. This man had a ferocious look. He was the Grand Elder of the Lu family in the northwestern part of the Divine Region.
"Haha, every time the Saint Mountain descends, they will at most give three seats. At least one seat. Huang Tu, I'm afraid you're not qualified to fight for it," a scholar in a Confucian robe said sarcastically not far away.
"Shu Kuang! If you doubt this old man's strength, then we can fight right now … "
When these people gathered together, there was no lack of exchanges and arguments …
Patriarch Qianlong stood at the edge of this group of people and stared blankly at the Saint Mountain.
His strength was not the top among the Quasi-sages. It was extremely difficult for him to become a Saint. Even so, he would not give up this opportunity.
Looking at the Saint Mountain, he unconsciously thought of Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2542
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Chaos Winged Beast
Patriarch Qianlong was a little surprised by his own thoughts, and then he turned his head and smiled.
Facing the Grand Alliance in the Abyss of Demons, even if that kid had great opportunities in the place of reincarnation, it would be difficult for him to leave alive.
But he had a faint premonition that the kid would not die so easily.
At this moment, a voice came from not far away. "In fact, this time, our chances are very high. I heard that the Grand Alliance suffered a great loss in the expedition to the Abyss of Demons, and almost all of them were wiped out. The Sages are immortal, but the Quasi-Sages and Great Perfection of the Grand Alliance all died inside … Even Dongfang Chunjun's universe collapsed. The universe that collapsed some time ago was Dongfang Chunjun's!"
"Where did you get the news?"
"Shh! An old friend of mine in the Grand Alliance told me not to spread this news! "
"…"
Hearing this, Patriarch Qianlong's face showed a trace of sadness.
It turned out that the people of the Grand Alliance all died in the Abyss of Demons. It seemed that Luo Zheng could not be spared.
…
…
After the Saint Mountain descended, Luo Zheng and Luo Xiao returned to the Immortal Mansion.
As Luo Zheng's position changed, the Infinity Ruler in his mind also changed direction, but it always pointed in the direction of the Sea of Time in the middle of the Divine Realm.
It took three months for the Saint Mountain to descend and open.
This time, Luo Zheng gathered all the other Sages, and he also had to seize the time to fuse them, so he chose to go into seclusion immediately.
"The power of the Sword of Dao fused with more than three hundred Divine Daos is also extraordinary. If three thousand Divine Daos are completely fused …" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes were faintly blazing.
But as soon as this thought appeared, 9527 poured cold water on it. "This method of fusing Dao energy has been tried countless years ago."
"Is it powerful?" Luo Zheng asked hurriedly.
"Of course it's not bad, but that's only for the True God Realm. To the Nirvana Realm, it's very normal. So what you should do is to honestly cross the Sea of True Meaning and cultivate the abhijna that uses the True Meaning …" 9527 advised.
9527 found it hard to understand Luo Zheng's stubbornness. From the first time he saw the fusion energy, he had warned Luo Zheng that this path would not work.
But Luo Zheng was still duty-bound.
It wasn't that the True Gods of the Mother World didn't know how powerful the Dao-Melting energy was.
With a reasonable combination of different Dao Accumulations, one would be able to unleash extraordinary power. However, it would take a lot of time to comprehend the 3,000 Divine Daos one by one.
Wouldn't it be easier to attain the Nirvana Realm if he used this time to traverse the Ocean of True Intent? In their eyes, it was a complete waste of time.
However, Luo Zheng was not from the Origin World after all. Although many people told him that the path of Dao Fusion was impossible, he still believed in Chi You's arrangement and chose to try this time.
Moreover, after he had the Infinite Ruler, it was extremely easy for him to comprehend a Magical Power. Mastering the fusion energy could also increase his strength. Why not?
After exchanging a few words with 9527, Luo Zheng had already calmed down.
The Divine Lattice Plate in his body flashed with light and began to extract the power of faith into traces of Dao Accumulations. The Dao Accumulations of various colors turned into patches of mist of various shapes and forms and began to slowly blend together.
…
…
In the Chaos …
The clouds formed by the boundless Chaos Qi flowed slowly.
In fact, the flowing speed of these clouds was not slow. In terms of pure speed, it was so fast that it made one's hair stand on end.
The spreading speed was more than a hundred times faster than the speed of a Nirvana Realm master …
However, each cloud was unimaginably huge. If it was compared to a Divine Domain, the space inside a cloud could hold trillions of Divine Domains.
Therefore, from a visual point of view, this cloud seemed to be still.
Inside this cloud, there were a few people standing on a green flying boat. This flying boat was hundreds of feet long and its surface was flickering with a layer of light green floating light. Its speed was extremely fast.
And in front of this airship, there was a huge beast running at full speed.
The figure looked like a praying mantis. It had four wings on its back and countless barbs on its abdomen. Its head was covered with thin and long tentacles. Its appearance was repulsive.
Under the cover of the Chaos Qi, its figure was always faintly discernible …
This was a Chaos Winged Beast that lived in the Chaos. This beast was extremely rare and precious in the Mother World. Especially its beast soul, it could be brought into the Nirvana Realm after being refined!
In the Mother World, anything that was related to the Nirvana Realm was precious. The Soul Elixir was one such example.
In fact, the Soul Elixir's amplification of soul power was very ordinary. There were many elixirs that were more outstanding than the Soul Elixir. However, most of the elixirs could not be brought into the Sea of True Meaning and the Nirvana Realm like the Soul Elixir. Their value was far less than the Soul Elixir. This was also the reason why the Soul Elixir could become the currency of the Nirvana Realm.
"This Chaos Winged Beast is too good at running! We have chased it for so many years. Now we have chased it to the bottom of the Chaos! I want to return to the Mother World. This godforsaken place is really not a place for people to stay! "Someone on the flying boat complained.
"So what? Once we capture this Chaos Winged Beast, our status in the Nirvana Realm will greatly increase. When we return, we will also receive great rewards. Each of you will be promoted by one star! These bitter days will be worth it in the end! "
The one who spoke was a youth in a purple robe standing at the front of the flying boat.
This youth's eyes were like torches, and his aura was extraordinary. He was clearly the leader of this group.
Just as he finished speaking, the Chaos Winged Beast in front of him suddenly let out a cry. The four giant wings on its back flashed with a green light, and a powerful and irresistible spatial force was emitted. Those four giant wings actually contained the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment!
"Damn it, it's running again. Hurry up and follow it!" Someone on the flying boat shouted.
Just as the Chaos Winged Beast entered the spatial tunnel, the flying boat followed suit. This chase between the flying boat and the Chaos Winged Beast had been going on for many years.
"Buzz …"
Just as the flying boat entered the spatial tunnel, one of the people on the flying boat suddenly revealed a strange expression. He then said, "Lord Wei Xian! My Xuanyuan Gouyu seems to be reacting again! "
Wei Xian looked at this person in surprise. Someone beside him could not help but mock, "Do you know how big the Chaos is? The Xuanyuan Gouyu's range is only so small. If you can meet the Xuanyuan Guard here, I, Cheng Jiu, will write my name backwards! "
Wei Xian nodded as well.
The Xuanyuan Gouyu could allow the Xuanyuan Guard to communicate with each other.
According to the scale of the Mother World, the distance was naturally not short. However, the Mother World was just a drop in the ocean compared to the Chaos. Could they meet the Xuanyuan Guard at the border? Even Wei Xian did not believe it.
That person saw that no one believed him, so he simply patted his waist lightly and took out the Xuanyuan Gouyu. "Then listen for yourselves!"

Chapter 2543
Communication
Wei Xian tilted his head and listened for a moment before saying, "Perhaps there are spatial tears in this cloud that are interfering with Xuanyuan Gouyu."
Xuanyuan Gouyu also relied on spatial ripples to transmit information. If there was a large spatial crack that produced violent ripples, it would indeed disturb Xuanyuan Gouyu.
"That's right. Lu Jia, you're being too paranoid!" Someone said with dissatisfaction.
Hearing everyone say that, Lu Jia felt a little resentful, but he couldn't be bothered with them.
But just as Lu Jia was about to put away the Xuanyuan Magatama, a rustling sound suddenly came from the jade.
"Sha … Sha, I am … Let's …"
Lu Jia's hand that was holding Gouyu suddenly froze on the spot.
The expressions of Wei Xian and the others changed, and their gazes instantly focused on the Xuanyuan Gouyu.
Listening carefully, they were all trying to distinguish the sound.
"Divine Domain … sha sha sha …"
"Someone is indeed using the Xuanyuan Gouyu to summon us! It shouldn't be far from us! "Wei Xian's expression finally became serious.
"Which Xuan Yuan Guard would come to such a damned place?" Another Xuan Yuan Guard asked with a strange expression.
"What kind of place is the Deity Domain? I've never heard of this place. "Lu Jia shook her head.
God Realm was just a conventional way of addressing people in the God Realm. This group of people naturally did not understand.
Wei Xian immediately made his decision. "Lu Jia, try to communicate with him. We'll continue pursuing that Winged Chaotic Beast. Our direction should be right, but I wonder what sort of trouble this Xuan Yuan Guard has encountered …."
They were close to the lowest level of the Chaos, the most desolate place in the entire Chaos.
He believed that no Xuan Yuan Guard would be so bored as to wander around here. They must have encountered great trouble.
If it was an ordinary matter, it would be fine. However, if the trouble they were facing was too big, they would probably have to think twice.
Lu Jia nodded and gently rubbed her finger on the surface of the Xuanyuan Gouyu. A little green light flashed above the Xuanyuan Gouyu, and then it made its own sound.
…
…
Hu-yan did not have much hope.
The possibility of finding the Xuan Yuan Wei at the bottom of the primal chaos was minuscule.
Before Pang Miao and the others were released, Hu Yan had tried many times, but each time was futile. Later, many years later, Hu Yan chose to give up.
This time, it was Big Brother Pang Miao's orders that Huyan had no choice but to pick up the Xuanyuan Magatama again.
Anyway, it was easy to activate this thing. Doing this kind of thing was much easier than Pu Zhe looking for blood all over the Divine Realm.
Xuanyuan Gouyu glowed with a faint green light as Huyan repeated the same words over and over again, "I am Huyan. I am in the divine realm and hope to gather the nearby Xuanyuan Guard for assistance …"
Hu-yan felt that he was an idiot for repeating such words all day long.
He even missed the days when he was in Silverwing City. At the very least, he had a group of God citizens to accompany him to pass the time.
After Big Brother Pang Miao came out, he didn't have as much freedom. He didn't like to flaunt his prowess on the floating island like Pu Zhe.
"Sha sha sha …"
Just as Hu-yan was bored to death, a rustling sound came from the Xuanyuan Magatama in his hand.
This rustling sound was very faint, and Hu Yan did not pay attention to it.
The occasional spatial ripples would also cause Xuanyuan Gouyu to act this way.
However, this time, the rustling sound did not stop. Instead, it grew louder and louder.
"Eh?"
Huyan looked at Xuanyuan Gouyu strangely, his ears perked up.
"Sha sha sha … I am … I …"
Hu-yan froze, his hands gripping the Xuanyuan Gouyu tightly, as if he was afraid that the sound would escape.
The intermittent sound came from the Xuanyuan Gouyu. Although he couldn't hear it clearly, there was definitely a Xuanyuan Guard nearby!
"We're saved!"
This was the first thought that came to Hu-yan's mind.
The Paramita Realm powerhouses outside the divine realm were like a boulder weighing down on their hearts. If they could find reinforcements, it would be their great fortune!
"Bzz …"
With a wave of his hand, Hu-yan disappeared from where he stood.
In the next moment, he appeared in the middle of the Sage Hall and shouted excitedly, "Big Brother! The Xuanyuan Gouyu … has finally moved! "
Pang Miao was completely focused on controlling the Sea Shattering Tooth to devour the blood.
This forbidden artifact had to be controlled very carefully. The slightest carelessness would cause even him, the master, to suffer a backlash.
Hu-yan's words did not reach his heart.
It was only after the Sea Shattering Tooth had completely devoured all the blood that Pang Miao was distracted and asked with concern, "Is there really movement from the Xuanyuan Gouyu? Are there Xuanyuan Guards nearby? "
"Yes! Big Brother, listen! "
Hu-yan presented the Xuanyuan Gouyu.
But at this moment, a rustling sound came from the Xuanyuan Gouyu again. The human voices within had completely disappeared.
Pang Miao looked at Hu-yan strangely. Hu-yan also had a strange expression and said anxiously, "What's going on? Why did the voice suddenly disappear? I clearly heard it just now!"
Pang Miao smiled faintly, "Did you hear wrongly?"
In truth, even Pang Miao himself didn't have much hope.
"Impossible!" Hu-yan refuted resolutely.
Pang Miao frowned slightly. Just as he was about to speak, the voice from the Xuanyuan Gouyu sounded again, and this time it was clearer, "I am Lu Jia … sha sha sha, where … are you …"
…
…
The top three clans of the divine realm each occupied a piece of the divine tree.
The Sword clan's time in the Ruo Mu region could be traced back hundreds of divine eras.
In truth, the Sword clan was a scattered group in the beginning. Hundreds of first-rate clans banded together to form a faction.
Later on, a sage was born from this faction and completely integrated all the first-rate clans. The clan in the Ruo Mu region became a single entity and was named the Sword clan.
The Ruo Mu region was the foundation of the Sword clan, and the non-offensive areas gave them exceptional protection.
But now, they had no choice but to give up on the region.
Emperor Hanqing had expressed himself very tactfully in the Sage Hall. If they didn't join the Noble Alliance, they would have to give up the floating island.
The Sword clan had already given up the floating island, but they knew the consequences of this choice.
Leaving the floating island meant becoming enemies with the Noble Alliance.
Not long ago, the Xuanyuan Guards had killed Yuan Chengdao in front of the Sword clan's sages. The One Thought of Good and Evil had disappeared, so the non-offensive areas naturally no longer existed.
The Sword clan members living in the Ruo Mu region felt like the end of the world had arrived. Everyone was filled with depression and sorrow.
The sages, quasi sages, paragons, and countless disciples of the Sword clan had all left the Ruo Mu region and entered Buzhou Spirit Mountain. Only a few peripheral characters remained in the Ruo Mu region.
On one hand, they weren't willing to submit to Emperor Hanqing, but on the other, they chose to believe in Luo Xiao.

Chapter 2544
Discussion
If it was in the past, the Xuanyue family and the Sword family would have been enough to fight against the Dongfang family.
But now, they had no chance of winning against the Xuanyuan Guard. These two families couldn't make the same choice as the other families, so retreating to the forbidden area was the best choice.
A month later, in the Waterspout Forest.
Yu Shen Feng floated in the air. He gently put his hands together and softly spat out a word, "Grow!"
"Rumble …"
Large trees rose from the ground.
These trees grew very quickly. In a few breaths of time, they had grown into towering trees.
When these towering trees reached a certain height, their branches coiled around each other and formed exquisite treehouses.
To Yu Shenfeng, doing this was only a matter of thought.
Several Sages had gathered in the Immortal Abode and were discussing something.
"Those Xuanyuan Guards will attack us sooner or later. If we can't stop them, I'll surrender with Tianhun Tower. Hehe!" said the Azure Yao House Master.
The Mistress of the Green Demon House appeared to be a thirteen or fourteen year old girl. Her appearance was delicate and pretty, but she exuded an irresistible seductive vixen aura. Her pair of slender legs were wantonly crossed on the chair.
"House Master, don't speak nonsense." Li Xuanyue couldn't help but remind her.
Everyone thought that House Master Qing Yao was joking.
Those familiar with her knew that she had the most unyielding temperament.
In terms of pure strength, she wasn't the most powerful among the Saints, but Qing Yao's universe was created to perfection.
She had started three universe wars and won all three. Two of them she let go of her opponent, and the last time she destroyed her opponent's universe and killed a Saint.
Other Saints might submit to the Aristocratic Alliance, but it was impossible for her to do so.
"Brother Xiao suffered so much and finally returned. Luo Zheng even took revenge for Xuanyuan Chunjun. Who would have thought that Emperor Hanqing would suddenly appear and release all of the Xuanyuan Guards. It's a disaster," someone else said from the other side of the hall.
This person had a pair of horns on his forehead and a strange appearance. He was the master of the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, Saint Jiu.
All these years, Saint Jiu had been in seclusion and had not made an appearance in the Divine Realm. When he heard about the upheaval that had occurred in the Divine Realm, he was flabbergasted.
In the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, the little guy that he had high hopes for didn't disappoint him in the end. After all, he had contributed nearly a third of his energy source. Although energy source could be replenished through other means, it was still quite generous for a Saint.
After coming out of seclusion, he followed the Xuanyue Clan into the Takeshi Xuan Forest.
"What's there to be afraid of? If worse comes to worst, I'll just fight it out with them." Everlasting War, who was standing beside Sage Jiu, glared at Shi Feng fearlessly.
Li Xuanyue glanced at Everlasting War. "What do you have to fight them?"
"I …"
Everlasting War was also aware of the difference between him and the Nirvana Realm.
Saints had more or less dabbled in the True Meaning of Dao. It was already extraordinary to be able to cultivate the True Meaning of Dao to perfection, let alone a Nirvana Realm expert who had crossed the ocean.
At this moment, Luo Xiao said, "Since everyone has already made their choice, I still have something to say. Even if the Forbidden Land is lost, we still have a place to retreat to!"
The three Saints from the Xuanyue Clan were puzzled by Luo Xiao's words. Li Xuanyue knew that Luo Xiao wouldn't spout nonsense, and her eyes lit up. "Why do you say that, Brother Luo Xiao?"
Luo Xiao said calmly, "We can leave the divine territory."
"I'm afraid leaving the divine territory is not feasible. Those Xuanyuan Guards can still chase after us." Li Xuanyue shook her head. She was a little disappointed by Luo Xiao's suggestion.
Who knew that Luo Xiao would say, "Those Xuanyuan Guards are not undefeatable. We still have strong reinforcements outside the divine territory. It's just that they have yet to break through the space barrier and can't enter the divine territory."
"Those reinforcements you mentioned are also Nirvana Realm experts?" Li Xuanyue stood up abruptly when she heard this.
The other Saints' eyes lit up as well.
Luo Xiao nodded with certainty. "They are stronger than the Xuanyuan Guards in the divine territory."
They were all in the Nirvana Realm, but the difference in strength was like heaven and earth.
Ming Wei and Elder Jin had left a deep impression on Luo Xiao. They were almost undefeatable existences.
"Actually, the Wealthy Alliance already knew about this. Dongfang Chunjun was also in a hurry to conquer the Abyss Demon Region because of this. Unfortunately, he was replaced by Emperor Hanqing," Luo Zheng continued.
"I see." Li Xuanyue was rather puzzled when the Wealthy Alliance rushed into the Abyss Demon Region. Now, she understood.
Li Xuanyue changed her mind and asked, "But why would they protect us?"
"Because they are the Chiyou Guards. They are from our Li Clan!" Li Luoshui said calmly behind Luo Xiao.
She had been standing quietly behind Luo Xiao. Only now did she speak.
"That's great. Let's take our people and leave the divine territory now. When the Nirvana Realm experts outside the divine territory break through the space barrier, they can come back," the Green Demon House Master said with a smile.
Luo Xiao shook his head. "We have more important things to do in the divine territory."
"What things?" Li Xuanyue asked.
"Let my son enter the Saint Mountain," Luo Xiao replied.
The Saints looked at each other …
"Brother Luo Xiao, are you kidding?"
"Even if Luo Zheng wants to become a Saint, he is not in a hurry."
"Even if Luo Zheng becomes a Saint, it won't change anything, right?"
Li Xuanyue and the others did not understand what Luo Xiao meant. It was meaningless to have another Saint. Moreover, entering the Saint Mountain now would be a huge risk.
However, Saint Jiu knew the ins and outs of the matter. He also knew what it meant for the Saint Mountain to descend in advance.
"This matter is of great importance to me and Zheng 'er," Luo Xiao replied in a non-negotiable tone. "So in two months, when the Saint Mountain opens, I hope that everyone can help me."
"The Saint Mountain is on the side of the Sea of Time. When the time comes, the Wealthy Alliance will probably guard it tightly. If the Xuanyuan Guards stop them outside, I'm afraid it will be very difficult," Li Xuanyue said with a frown. She really could not understand the importance of Luo Zheng entering the Saint Mountain.
Saint Jiu smiled faintly and said, "It seems that I'm afraid I'll have to make a trip to the Soul Wilderness. I'm afraid I'll have to trouble Shi Xiaoqiao with this matter. It's a pity that Gu Bei has not returned. If he did, things would be much easier …"
Just as the Saints were discussing, a strong energy fluctuation suddenly came from the Cultivation Tower.
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a thunderous sound, a large hole was smashed open in the Cultivation Tower.

Chapter 2545
The Difficulty of Fusing Daos
Fusing Divine Daos was an extremely difficult task.
Back then, Luo Zheng had spent a lot of effort to fuse 300 Divine Daos. The difficulty of fusing 3,000 Divine Daos had increased by an entire level.
Among the 3,000 Divine Daos, as long as a Divine Dao that couldn't be fused appeared, the fusion energy would go out of control.
After going out of control, the fusion energy would violently fluctuate. If it wasn't well controlled, it would explode.
Such an explosion had occurred many times in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
When Luo Zheng fused Daos, he would do it at the edge of the Inner World's Inner World.
Even so, the aftermath of the fusion energy explosion had affected the surrounding continents several times.
This time, Luo Zheng had fused nearly 2,500 Divine Daos. This was the most he had ever fused Divine Daos. However, the fusion energy started to fluctuate again.
The fusion energy was becoming more and more unstable. If this energy exploded in his Inner World, it might destroy more than half of the Inner World …
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng could only forcefully throw out the fusion energy.
The power of the explosion made Luo Zheng speechless.
His master had spent a lot of effort to build this Cultivation Pagoda. After all, a place that could permanently change the flow of time was very rare, even in the Divine Realm.
However, after the fusion energy exploded, it easily blew up the outer walls of the Cultivation Pagoda!
Whoosh …
Countless tiny multicolored fragments began to appear around the large hole created by the fusion energy.
These multicolored fragments were fragments of time. Because the Cultivation Pagoda's time wasn't synchronized with the outside world, after the pagoda was smashed open, the time inside and outside the pagoda started to synchronize rapidly.
"What kind of power is this? How many Divine Daos have been fused? "Li Xuanyue's face was full of surprise.
At the moment of the explosion, he clearly felt the Dao Connotation of a Divine Dao. However, he couldn't tell what Divine Dao it was.
It wasn't that Li Xuanyue had never seen multiple Divine Daos before. There were people in the Xuanyue Clan who cultivated multiple Divine Daos, and Li Xuanyue himself had also grasped several Divine Daos. However, he didn't spend time fusing these Divine Daos. On one hand, it was very troublesome to fuse them, and on the other hand, it wouldn't bring much improvement to him. It was meaningless, and he might as well focus on one Divine Dao.
Luo Xiao smiled faintly. "It's not just a few Divine Daos. Although I don't know how many Divine Daos my son has integrated, his integrated Dao Connotation should be more than a thousand."
"Over a thousand?" Li Xuanyue was taken aback. "Brother Luo Xiao, do you mean that Luo Zheng has mastered over a thousand Divine Daos? He even fused these thousands of Divine Daos? "
An ordinary True God comprehending five or six Divine Daos was already the limit. Only the elites of the rich and powerful families could possibly do so if they put in a lot of effort.
Comprehending eight or nine Divine Daos was extremely rare even in the entire Divine Realm.
Li Xuanyue's impression was that there was once a great perfection realm cultivator on the floating island who had mastered sixteen divine daos. Of course, that didn't mean that he had fused so many divine daos.
Luo Xiao casually said that Luo Zheng had mastered over a thousand Divine Daos and was even attempting to fuse them. This was extremely shocking.
"Brother Xiao, you must be joking. Hahaha, Divine Daos are complex and ever-changing. Many Divine Daos have Dao Connotations that complement and conflict with each other. Fusing two or three Divine Daos is extremely difficult, but over a thousand … This Luo Zheng is only a little over a hundred years old. Just the amount of time he has spent comprehending Divine Daos is far from enough." Zhan Wuji laughed loudly.
Luo Xiao said seriously, "I'm not joking. My son has not only mastered a thousand Divine Daos. He has already mastered all three thousand Divine Daos in the Divine Realm. It's just that he hasn't been able to fuse so many Divine Daos."
Seeing that Luo Xiao didn't seem to be joking, the Saints couldn't help but gasp.
"No wonder this brat could kill Dongfang Chunjun when he was just born," said the brothel master, who was sitting cross-legged. Her young face stared at Luo Zheng in the distance with a hint of interest.
Luo Zheng had already mastered hundreds of Divine Daos when he was on the floating island. And in the Temple of Time in the Sea of Time, after observing Chiyou's shadow, he had even comprehended the Dao Fusion Divine Ability.
Although Zhan Wuji was present at that time, he didn't understand why.
A person who had comprehended three thousand Divine Daos had never appeared in the Divine Realm. Li Xuanyue and the others even deliberately asserted that other than Luo Zheng, no one else would be able to do so.
Li Xuanyue was silent for a while before saying, "The three thousand Divine Daos are the foundation of the Divine Realm. If he can fuse all of them, what will happen?"
The natives of the Divine Realm were able to cultivate step by step to True God, Great Perfection, Quasi-Saint, and Saint because they relied on these Dao Steles. The so-called "foundation of the Divine Realm" wasn't an exaggeration.
Luo Xiao smiled faintly. "Everything will have to wait until after the fusion. No one knows now."
It wasn't that the Xuanyue clan couldn't be trusted, but there were some things that he could reveal, and some things that he wouldn't say. For example, the existence of the Immeasurable Ruler.
Moreover, Luo Xiao really didn't know what would happen after the three thousand Divine Daos were fused.
Only the second floor of the Cultivation Pagoda cracked. The third floor wasn't affected.
The opening of the Saint Mountain was getting closer and closer. Before the opening of the Saint Mountain, Luo Zheng would do his best to fuse the Divine Daos.
Luo Zheng wasn't sure if the three thousand Divine Daos could be completely fused.
However, there was one thing that Luo Zheng was sure of. The more Divine Daos were fused, the more powerful they would be …
After checking the damage, Luo Zheng didn't delay at all. He turned around and went up to the third floor of the Cultivation Pagoda.
…
…
Among the huge Chaos clouds.
Three huge Blood Runes appeared around the Chaos Winged Beast.
No matter how fast the Chaos Winged Beast sped up, the three Blood Runes also sped up.
On the flying boat behind the Chaos Winged Beast, Wei Xian was holding a big bell in his hand.
He suddenly knocked on the big bell. The three Blood Runes flew in a circle, and three blood arrows shot out at the same time!
"Puchi!"
The blood arrows looked ordinary, but their power was shockingly great. They directly penetrated the Chaos Winged Beast, leaving six small holes on its body.
"Clang!"
He knocked again, and another three blood arrows shot out!
"Yo! Wu — "
The Chaos Winged Beast screamed. Its sharp voice was transmitted in the flying boat, and the Xuanyuan Guards' faces were filled with joy.
"As expected of Lord Wei Xian!"
"After so many years of hard work, we finally subdued this beast!"
"Hahaha, this is a great contribution!"
The Xuanyuan Guards were all filled with joy.
The Chaos Winged Beast was too valuable. This was the reason why this group of Xuanyuan Guards had been searching for it for so many years.
Finally, they were about to succeed. Naturally, they were excited.

Chapter 2546
Heavensguard Pavilion
During the pursuit of the chaos winged beast, the airship received news from Hu Yan one after another.
Wei Xian now had a rough understanding of the divine realm.
Wei Xian was very sensitive to this news.
Capturing the chaos winged beast was a great achievement for the You Xiong Clan, but it was nothing in Wei Xian's eyes.
If he'd known that capturing the chaos winged beast would take so long, he wouldn't have participated in the first place.
What surprised him was that chasing the chaos winged beast all the way to the bottom of the chaos would result in such a thing. If he could bring the divine realm back to his mother world, it would be a great achievement, and he would probably receive the Dihong clan's favor!
"Clang!"
Wei Xian struck the bell in his hand again.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Three more blood arrows shot out of the blood talisman.
Even though the chaos winged beast was familiar with the blood talisman's attack, it suddenly flipped in the air to avoid the three blood arrows.
But how could the blood talisman's attack be so easy to dodge?
"Puff puff puff!"
Several more holes appeared on the chaos winged beast's body, and one of the blood arrows pierced through its neck.
It could no longer raise its head, and could only let out a low hiss. Its flying speed kept decreasing, and it was clearly at the end of its tether.
"I'll leave the rest to you." Wei Xian glanced at the chaos winged beast, then put the bell away.
At this time, Lu Jia was still communicating with the divine realm.
Wei Xian saw this and flipped his hand, and a Xuanyuan Magatama appeared in his hand.
Compared to Lu Jia's Xuanyuan Magatama, his was much more exquisite.
As the Xuanyuan Magatama was activated, Wei Xian said, "I am Wei Xian, may I ask who your leader is?"
In the divine realm …
The sound that was originally intermittent suddenly became clear.
Wei Xian's words were transmitted to Pang Miao and Hu Yan's ears.
"Master Wei Xian! It's Master Wei Xian! "
Pang Miao's face lit up with joy, while Hu Yan looked confused, because he'd never heard of this person.
However, seeing how agitated Pang Miao was, this Wei Xian was definitely not an ordinary person. Huyan naturally did not dare to ask.
"I'm Pang Miao, a member of the Three-Star Xuanyuan Guard. I belong to the Gold-Destroying City …" Pang Miao immediately revealed his background.
Hearing Pang Miao's self-introduction, Fu Xian's voice continued to sound out. "If there's no Nirvana Realm powerhouse in the God Territory, then why do you still need to seek help?"
From Wei Xian's point of view, if Pang Miao and the other Xuan Yuan Guards could deal with the Divine Realm, they would definitely bring the Divine Realm back to their homeworld without a word. No one was an idiot. There was also competition between the Xuan Yuan Guards, and the competition was extremely intense.
Since they chose to ask for help, they must have encountered some trouble.
Wei Xian was a very cautious person. Although he was confident in his strength, anything could happen in this vast chaos, especially in the God Territory, which was a world created by Chi You. With Chi You's ability, even if he was nailed to death, killing a few Nirvana Realm powerhouses in the God Territory was as easy as swatting flies. Wei Xian would not put himself in danger so easily.
Pang Miao immediately understood what Wei Xian meant, and immediately said, "Originally, there was no need to ask for help, but a group of Nirvana Realm powerhouses suddenly came from outside the God Territory. There were even Five-Star Chi You Guards among them!"
"Five-Star Chi You Guards …" Wei Xian raised his eyebrows slightly.
Stars were just a title. No one knew when it had become popular. The Youxiong Clan had the Xuan Yuan Guards, the Jiuli Clan had the Chi You Guards, but the stars only reflected the person's contributions to the clan.
However, a Chi You Guard that could reach Five-Star would definitely be powerful.
"How many are there?" Wei Xian asked again.
"About ten. It's said that some of them belong to the Nuwa Clan," Pang Miao continued.
Wei Xian nodded. It didn't matter which faction they belonged to. Once Wei Xian made up his mind, everyone would be killed by him.
Pang Miao was probably worried that Wei Xian wouldn't make a move, so he quickly said, "Lord Wei Xian, these Nirvana Realm powerhouses are just a mob in front of you. If you can come personally, you can easily wipe them out …"
"I understand. I'll track your location." After Wei Xian finished speaking, the light on the upper layer of the Xuanyuan Magatama disappeared.
Lu Jia asked, "Are we going to the God Territory?"
Wei Xian put his hands behind his back and pondered for a while. "Five-Star Chi You Guards. If we encounter those extremely powerful ones, it'll be a little troublesome. However, the elites of the Jiuli Clan were all killed in Zhuolu. Those who wandered outside the mother world shouldn't be those core figures … Let's go!"
As he spoke, the Chaos Winged Beast in front of the flying ship suddenly exploded with a shocking aura before it died.
The Xuan Yuan Guards had originally received Wei Xian's order to kill the dying Chaos Winged Beast. They didn't expect the Chaos Winged Beast's counterattack to be so terrifying before it died.
The originally shriveled and flat pair of wings suddenly swelled. The Chaos Winged Beast had already gained intelligence. Knowing that it couldn't escape, it chose to die together with them.
The Xuan Yuan Guards also showed panic on their faces. All of them wanted to retreat at the last minute.
Seeing this scene, Wei Xian leaped up with an indifferent expression. A golden dot of light appeared in his hand.
"After chasing you for so long, I'll have to end your life with my own hands …"
This golden light transformed into a golden sword and slashed down at the Chaos Winged Beast's head. The Chaos Winged Beast was already at the end of its rope. How could it block Wei Xian's attack?
Its body that had just swelled up was instantly pierced by the golden sword. A huge wound spread from its back to its head. Only then did the Chaos Winged Beast die.
…
…
In the God Territory, Pang Miao's face had a trace of unconcealable joy.
"Big Brother, is this Lord Wei Xian very strong? He's also a Five-Star Xuan Yuan Guard? "Huyan asked.
Pang Miao smiled faintly. "Five-Star Xuan Yuan Guard? Hehe, he was already one when we left. Not only that, he's also a member of the Heavensguard Pavilion! The heavens are really helping me, to have such a benefactor help me at a time of crisis! "
Huyan was slightly surprised when he heard the words' Heavensguard Pavilion '. The You Xiong clan had many people. It was already very difficult to become a Xuan Yuan Guard. Joining the Heavensguard Pavilion was even more difficult. In Huyan's eyes, the people of the Heavensguard Pavilion were all existences that he had to look up to. No wonder his big brother respected this person so much.
"Alright, your mission is complete. Now go find Emperor Hanqing. You can go with Uncle Hou and Cha Yao to drive out the rats in the forbidden area," Pang Miao smiled faintly.

Chapter 2547
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Strength of the Mountains
In the eyes of those in the divine realm, forbidden lands were inviolable. That was the area designated by the creator of the world.
But in the eyes of the Xuanyuan Sentinels, everything else could be solved with power, except for the Sage Mountain and the Governing Slate.
Yu Taibai had already destroyed the transportation formation between the four forbidden lands and Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
After receiving Pang Miao's orders, Emperor Hanqing led the Saints, Huyan, Hou Bo, and Cha Yao to Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
Although the Saints of the Wealthy Clan Alliance did not want to risk their lives for them, after joining the Wealthy Clan Alliance, they had no choice but to follow.
Half a day later, the three Xuanyuan Sentinels and the Saints arrived in the Domain of Heaven.
The forbidden lands of Buzhou Spirit Mountain weren't as large as the Abyssal Demon Realm, but it took up half of the Domain of Heaven.
Standing on a barren mountain range, a faint light barrier appeared in front of them. Inside the light barrier was Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
"Even if we break through Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Yu Taibai won't just stand there like an idiot. He'll retreat, most likely into Takiguan Forest," Emperor Hanqing said.
The other Saints didn't say anything.
Mu Haiji, Tang Wan, and the others remained silent as well.
Even if the Xuanyuan Sentinels had taught them the Yin-Yang Chaos True Essence to win their hearts, they still couldn't convince them.
On one hand, Mu Haiji and the other old generals of the Grand Alliance were on good terms with Dongfang Chunjun. How could they submit to an enemy like Emperor Hanqing? On the other hand, the other Grand Clans had been forced to join and were filled with resentment.
"It's fine. There aren't many forbidden lands for them to hide in. If we can break through Buzhou Spirit Mountain, we'll continue into Takiguan Forest," Huyan said.
The Xuanyuan Sentinels had been tormented before, pinning their hopes on the Sea Cleaver Tooth and the Governing Slate. But now that they'd contacted Master Wei Xian, they were emboldened.
Cleaning up the people hiding in the forbidden lands was just a matter of convenience.
"Let's do it, everyone," Huyan said.
Under the Xuanyuan Sentinels' orders, the Saints all attacked the forbidden lands.
Although these Sages did not use their full strength, they could still destroy the world with a wave of their hand. The Dao Connotation on the light barrier that separated the forbidden area from the Divine Domain suddenly spread out, and huge vibrations constantly reverberated in the Heavenly Cycle Domain.
…
…
On the top of Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
The white-clothed Yu Taibai sat cross-legged.
After his master returned, the heavy burden on his body was suddenly lifted, and he felt much more relaxed.
However, it didn't take long for trouble to arrive.
"As expected, they've made their move …"
Yu Taibai muttered as he looked towards the north of Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
As long as Buzhou Spirit Mountain was attacked, he would be able to sense it immediately. After all, he was now one with Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
After a few breaths, a huge roar was heard, accompanied by a violent tremor, as if there was an earthquake.
"Brother Taibai, what happened?"
On the other side of the mountain peak, Jian Wuhen flew over with a solemn expression.
The Forbidden Grounds were almost unbreakable existences, but to be able to cause such a huge commotion, it was definitely not a small matter.
The Xuan Yue Clan was very close to the Takeshi Xuan Forest. After leaving the floating island, they chose the Takeshi Xuan Forest. On the other hand, the Sword Race chose the Buzhou Spiritual Mountain.
"Someone is attacking the forbidden area," Yu Taibai said indifferently.
Jian Wuhen seemed to have thought of something and asked, "Is it those Xuanyuan Guards?"
"They haven't made a move yet," Yu Taibai smiled, "It's those Saints."
"Then what do we do?" Jian Wuhen frowned.
"Leave," Yu Taibai replied curtly.
Long before this, Luo Xiao had ordered him to set up a transportation formation to Takeshi Vortex Forest. No matter which side was attacked, they would immediately choose to abandon Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
With that, Yu Taibai's figure flashed and he disappeared from the spot.
In the next moment, he appeared at the edge of Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
The Saints of the Noble Alliance were attacking the barrier around Buzhou Spirit Mountain. When they saw Yu Taibai appear, they immediately stopped.
Emperor Hanqing glanced at Yu Taibai and said flatly, "Your strength is not enough to resist us. If you choose to surrender, I can convince Lord Huyan to spare most of your lives …"
Yu Taibai said calmly, "We can't fight now, but who can say for sure what will happen in the future?"
Whoosh!
Emperor Hanqing suddenly pressed himself against the light barrier and threatened, "But you have no future! It won't be long before you all die! "
Yu Taibai also slowly pressed himself against the light barrier. His lips were slightly parted, but Emperor Hanqing couldn't hear what Yu Taibai was saying.
"What did you say?" Emperor Hanqing was confused.
"I said, you can try …" Before Yu Taibai finished speaking, he threw a punch at Emperor Hanqing.
In that moment, his right arm began to swell wildly …
The Buzhou Spirit Mountain behind him, which was so huge that it was difficult to look up at, suddenly emitted endless light.
Countless cracks appeared on the surface of the mountain. Every crack contained the source of power, and this source of power all gathered on Yu Taibai's right arm. The sleeve that covered his right arm instantly shattered.
Buzhou Spirit Mountain was a legendary symbol of power in the Elysium.
Legend had it that in ancient times, someone had been carrying Mount Buzhou on his back as he traveled. However, when this person reached the Domain of Heaven, he could no longer move forward. Instead, Mount Buzhou crushed him. Over time, Mount Buzhou absorbed this person's power and became a symbol of power in God's Domain.
In terms of pure battle prowess, Yu Taibai couldn't possibly beat Yu Shenfeng. After all, Buzhou Spirit Mountain's power couldn't reach him.
But Emperor Han Qing didn't expect Yu Tai Bai to suddenly attack. After taking control of the Abyss Demon Domain, Emperor Han Qing didn't put the other rulers of the forbidden lands in his eyes. He didn't expect this punch!
Bzzz …
The light barrier of Buzhou Spirit Mountain could cut off everything, but it would not stop its controller.
Yu Taibai's fist had drawn out more than half of the mountain's energy. This massive amount of energy was dozens of times that of a Saint, and when it gathered in Yu Taibai's fist, it formed a gravitational field that was a hundred feet in diameter.
The space within the gravitational field collapsed towards his fist. Emperor Hanqing, who was caught off guard, was pulled in by the collapsing force. His body was pressed against the light barrier.
By the time Emperor Hanqing reacted, he couldn't use greater teleportation to avoid the punch. He had no choice but to pull himself forward.
Boom!
The punch landed squarely on Emperor Hanqing's chest.

Chapter 2548
Attack!
Emperor Hanqing dragged his battered body away, eyes filled with hatred.
"How dare you ambush me!"
Despite Yu Taibai's immense strength, Emperor Hanqing wouldn't have been at a disadvantage in a direct confrontation.
In his eyes, Yu Taibai had fallen into a desperate situation with nowhere to run. He'd only been hit because he'd been caught off guard.
Losing half of his body wasn't a big deal to a saint. Even if Yu Taibai smashed him to pieces, he could still return to the universe and be reborn.
But to have Yu Taibai succeed in front of so many people was a great humiliation!
Yu Taibai's face was expressionless as he stood behind the light barrier, looking coolly at Emperor Hanqing.
"Everyone, attack together! Destroy Buzhou Spirit Mountain!"
Emperor Hanqing roared.
Mu Haiji, Tang Lun, Fang Shixing, and the others secretly looked at each other. There was a faint smile of schadenfreude on their faces. They were naturally very happy to see this scene, but they didn't want to offend the Xuan Yuan Guard.
The saints urgently needed to attack the light barrier, but they didn't go all out.
All kinds of attacks landed on the light barrier of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, but the light barrier only trembled slightly.
Yu Taibai could sense the state of the forbidden land. He stood behind the light barrier and looked on calmly. Attacks of this level couldn't shake Buzhou Spirit Mountain's foundations at all.
But soon enough, Emperor Hanqing sent Han Cangyan into action.
Even now, Han Cangyan hadn't been able to fully tap into the ring's potential. Even so, the ring's power couldn't be underestimated.
Two black wings unfurled from Han Cangyan's back. Tendrils of black energy swirled around him, quickly transforming into sharp arrows that shot at Yu Taibai.
Bang bang bang!
Each black arrow didn't cause much of a stir when it hit the light barrier, but after the light arrow broke, it left a black ring on the light barrier. These rings were constantly corroding the light barrier.
The power of the Abyss Demonic Realm could even tear open the Origin Seal, so it was naturally powerful.
This time, Yu Taibai finally frowned.
After he connected with Mount Buzhou, his consciousness became one with it. He could feel that the black energy was causing damage to the forbidden grounds of Mount Buzhou, and the damage was irreversible. Given enough time, Mount Buzhou would be torn apart sooner or later.
"We've been watching the show for half a day, let's do it," Huyan said to Uncle Hou and Cha Yao behind him.
They didn't plan on wasting too much time here.
Uncle Hou and Cha Yao nodded. The three Paramita realm experts finally decided to act.
Seeing this, Yu Taibai closed his eyes and turned around, disappearing into thin air. Then, he arrived at the teleportation array that had been set up.
Under Jian Wuhen and the other Saints' arrangements, the Sword Race and Luo Family's people had all entered. Only Jian Wuhen was waiting by the teleportation array. When he saw Yu Taibai arrive, Jian Wuhen asked, "How is it?"
"We still need some time to break through Buzhou Spirit Mountain, but it's faster than expected," Yu Taibai replied.
"Even if we enter the Whirlpool of Taku's …"
Jian Wuhen's worries were reasonable. Even if they retreated to Takeshima Forest, they still wouldn't be able to defend against the Xuan Yuan Guards.
"Master has his own plans. We'll talk after you get there," Yu Taibai smiled.
Wuhen didn't say anything else. He stepped into the teleportation formation and disappeared in front of Yu Taibai.
Yu Taibai didn't choose to leave now. His goal was to cause trouble for these people and delay as much time as possible.
According to Yu Taibai's previous predictions, even with the strength of the Xuanyuan Guard, it would take a long time to tear open Buzhou Spirit Mountain. It would be difficult to break through a sixth rank forbidden land within a month.
But Han Cangyan's power after controlling the Abyss Demonic Realm was beyond his imagination. That power seemed to be especially effective against Buzhou Spirit Mountain's barrier.
Yu Taibai sat beside the teleportation formation, his thoughts spreading out along with Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
"Ao ao ao …"
In the depths of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, a giant snake over a hundred thousand feet long slithered out from a thick crack in the mountain.
That was the "Blackmountain Wind". It resided in the "Ghost Stream" at the bottom of Buzhou Spirit Mountain all year round. This Blackmountain Wind was a terrifying monster to the disciples of the Noble Clans. It was comparable to the powerful monsters of the Abyss Demonic Realm.
Over the years, Yu Taibai had allowed it to absorb enough power of faith to grow stronger, hoping that it would come in handy at a critical moment.
The master of a forbidden land had the right to distribute the power of faith, which was why it was very difficult for the lower level beasts of Bu Zhou Spirit Mountain to obtain the power of faith, which was why Yu Taibai had given it to the stronger beasts.
"Screech, screech …"
The giant birds circling in the air above Buzhou Spirit Mountain all descended and circled around Yu Taibai.
These giant birds were called "Netherbirds". They were also a powerful monster. Though they couldn't contend against a saint, they were still a force to be reckoned with.
Yu Taibai pointed a finger and the giant birds flew off into the distance.
Apart from that, dozens of golden tigers that were over a thousand feet tall, flying geckos that were filled with deadly poison, and all sorts of other ferocious creatures were crawling along the mountain walls of Buzhou Sacred Mountain.
These monsters could be reborn even if they were killed. Now was the time to unleash their power, so Yu Taibai naturally wouldn't be stingy.
Three days later …
Then, a violent tremor came from the mountain, and the light barrier was finally broken.
Yu Taibai didn't hesitate and stepped into the portal.
At the same time, the monsters of Buzhou Spirit Mountain began to fight the saints and the Xuanyuan Sentinels under Yu Taibai's control.
Even the abyssal realm couldn't stop these saints, not to mention there were also Paramita realm masters. The battle was almost one-sided and it didn't take long for the monsters to be torn to pieces and reduced to strands of power of faith.
Emperor Hanqing should've returned to the universe to rebuild his body due to his injuries. That was the fastest way to recover his body, but in his fury, he dragged his broken body into Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
He took Han Cangyan with him and passed by the monsters who didn't know what was good for them, escaping into Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
He teleported hundreds of times and didn't see a single person. In the end, all he found was a destroyed portal. In his fury, Emperor Hanqing could only vent his anger on Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
But Buzhou Spirit Mountain was so huge that even with Han Cangyan's full strength, he only managed to create a crack a hundred thousand meters long. And this crack was insignificant in the context of the entire mountain.
After venting his anger, Emperor Hanqing had no choice but to leave with his alliance.
"Let's go to Takeshima Forest now. I'd like to see where he can hide!" Emperor Hanqing roared.

Chapter 2549
Inviting Shi Xiaoqiao
The arrival of the Sword and Luo clan made the residence even more crowded.
Even Luo Xiao had not expected the Grand Alliance to break through Buzhou Spirit Mountain's forbidden area in three days.
This meant that Takiguan Forest was no longer safe.
After a short discussion, the Saints in the residence convinced Luo Xiao to retreat to the Outlands.
The Saints could freely enter and exit the divine region, but the Luo clan, Xuanyue clan, and Sword clan, including Yu Taibai and Yu Shenfeng, could only hide in their inner worlds.
"They can break through Buzhou Spirit Mountain, but they might not be able to break through my Takiguan Forest. Takiguan Forest is good at defending against all things, I …" Yu Shenfeng was very dissatisfied with the Saints' decision.
Unfortunately, before he could finish, Jing Wuhuan hit him on the head, and Yu Shenfeng could only obediently shut up.
"Even if we retreat, I still have a request," Luo Xiao said, "Zheng 'er must enter Saint Mountain!"
This had been discussed before, and the other Saints did not think it was necessary. Only Luo Xiao was insistent.
However, this was a thorny problem.
Saint Mountain was next to the Sea of Time, and if the Xuan Yuan Wei stopped them, their chances were slim.
Now that Luo Xiao brought it up again, everyone felt a headache, but Luo Xiao did not back down.
"How about this, you can all head to the Outlands to seek protection, while I make a trip to the Soul Wilderness." Saint Jiu smiled bitterly, "If Gu Bei doesn't return, I can only be the mediator!"
The reason Shi Xiaoqiao was imprisoned in the residence was related to Gu Bei's past relationship.
If Gu Bei could return, this would be a small problem, but after so many years, it was difficult to ask Shi Xiaoqiao to help.
"Then I'll have to trouble you, Saint Jiu. Back then, it was Zheng 'er who released Shi Qiaoqiao from the dungeon. Later on, she even helped Luo Zheng in my Dayan Universe. Later on, she silenced the entire God's Domain once. That time, she still helped Luo Zheng. She and my son can be said to be connected by fate. For this sake, I hope she can help," Luo Xiao said.
Saint Jiu nodded. Although Shi Xiaoqiao was a bit headstrong, she was still a woman who understood the big picture.
She controlled the Soul Desolate and was content to stay in a corner. She did not join any faction, so it was difficult for the Wealthy Family Alliance to focus their attention on her. But if the Divine Realm was completely controlled by the Xuanyuan Guard, then it would be hard to say. After all, the Soul Desolate was one of the Four Great Forbidden Lands …
After all, with Emperor Han Qing's personality, the choices he gave were very limited.
Otherwise, they would be slaughtered. There was no third option.
…
…
After this round of discussion, everyone began to take action.
The next day, Saint Jiu arrived at the Death Spirit Region by himself …
Because of the existence of the Soul Desolate, the entire Dead Spirit Region was desolate and uninhabited. In the center of the Dead Spirit Region was a mountain range. The mountain range was like a demon baring its fangs and brandishing its claws. In the middle of the mountain range was a stone arch. Outside the arch was a huge barrier. Inside the barrier were dozens of teleportation arrays.
However, these teleportation arrays had long been destroyed.
Ever since Shi Xiaoqiao had returned, she had erased the teleportation array at the entrance of the Soul Wilderness, cutting off the passage to the floating island.
However, the restriction surrounding the entrance had not been broken. If Saint Jiu were to act, breaking the restriction would take a lot of time. Clearly, Saint Jiu did not have that kind of patience.
He walked to the Soul Desolate's barrier and gently extended his hand. A powerful soul fluctuation seeped into the barrier.
Shi Xiaoqiao was connected to the Soul Desolate. She would definitely sense his presence. It all depended on whether she was willing to appear.
Saint Jiu was not confident …
His brother Gu Bei was very arrogant. Shi Xiaoqiao was also very stubborn. Some grudges could be remembered for a lifetime. She might not necessarily accept it.
Fortunately, Saint Jiu's worries did not come true. A crack appeared in the Soul Desolate's barrier, and he received Shi Xiaoqiao's invitation.
As soon as he stepped into the Soul Desolate, a cold wind swept towards him. This cold wind contained all kinds of soul energy. If an ordinary True God were to come into contact with this cold wind, their soul would scatter in three to five breaths. To Saint Jiu, however, it was not much of a burden.
"Hiss …"
Strands of brown aura intertwined and turned into Shi Xiaoqiao's appearance.
Shi Xiaoqiao looked at Saint Jiu with a cold expression. "What are you doing here?"
"I have something to ask of you." Saint Jiu put on the appearance of a good old man.
Saint Jiu, Gu Bei, and Luo Xiao had the best personality. This was also why Saint Jiu had asked for help.
Shi Xiaoqiao looked pensive. Her fine eyelashes trembled as she asked, "Has Gu Bei returned?"
Seeing Shi Xiaoqiao's expression, Saint Jiu's heart skipped a beat. It seemed that there was hope. At least Shi Xiaoqiao did not truly hate Gu Bei. He shook his head. "If Gu Bei returned, he would of course come to see you immediately."
"Would he dare?" Shi Xiaoqiao's eyebrows rose. "If he dares to take a single step into the Soul Desolate, I will definitely kill him …"
Saint Jiu helplessly smiled bitterly. He knew that this topic would not end, so he decisively stopped talking.
Shi Xiaoqiao asked again, "Since Gu Bei has not returned, why have you come looking for me?"
"Because of Luo Zheng," Saint Jiu said seriously.
"You mean that child?" Shi Xiaoqiao looked somewhat surprised. She then said, "He released me from the dungeon. I have already repaid this favor twice!"
"I want you to help him a third time." Saint Jiu clasped his hands.
Shi Xiaoqiao did not have any ill feelings towards Luo Zheng. After her brief stay in the Great Evolution Universe, she had some understanding of the fate that Luo Zheng carried. However, after she had acted in the Sea of Time, the flower petal hidden between Luo Zheng's eyebrows had disappeared. Shi Xiaoqiao did not know what happened to Luo Zheng afterwards.
"What do you want me to help him with? Did he save Luo Xiao? "Shi Xiaoqiao asked.
Seeing that Shi Xiaoqiao was somewhat concerned about Luo Zheng, Saint Jiu was slightly delighted. With such an attitude, the rest of the matter would be easy to deal with.
Shi Xiaoqiao was not an outsider, and Saint Jiu was not willing to hide anything from her. He told her everything that had happened after Luo Zheng had stepped into the Divine Realm. Shi Xiaoqiao was astonished as she listened to the various strange stories.
Half an hour later …
Shi Xiaoqiao smiled faintly. "This kid is too good at causing trouble. Not long after stepping out of the Divine Realm, he was able to face Dongfang Chunjun directly. I did not expect him to be able to do this. You guys are really …"
Luo Zheng was Gu Bei's disciple, after all.
If Shi Xiaoqiao and Gu Bei had not had those conflicts back then, Luo Zheng would probably have to call her master's wife.
"This is something that Gu Bei discovered back then, and it is also something that Luo Xiao insisted on. On the day that the Saint Mountain opens, we will also have Nirvana Realm experts to assist us. However, to ensure that nothing goes wrong, please take action on that day," Saint Jiu said carefully.
Shi Xiaoqiao asked with some surprise, "Nirvana Realm experts? Who is it? "
Shi Xiaoqiao knew quite a bit about the Divine Realm. As far as she knew, there were only a few Nirvana Realm experts in the Divine Realm.

Chapter 2550
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Ferocious appearance
Saint Jiu was afraid that Shi Qiaoqiao would be afraid to face the Xuanyuan Guard, so he revealed this.
The Li Tribe's Nirvana Realm cultivator had always been in seclusion and had not come out for many years. This time, Li Luoshui had finally summoned him.
Shi Qiaoqiao thought for a moment, then said, "When the time comes, I will act, but I also have a request."
"What request?" Saint Jiu asked.
"You have to find that guy for me," Shi Qiaoqiao said angrily.
A smile appeared on Saint Jiu's face. The guy she was talking about could only be Gu Bei.
"If we can successfully survive this calamity, Brother Luo Xiao and I will treat this matter as a top priority," Saint Jiu said seriously.
… …
… …
Every fragment of the Sea of Time was a fragment of the divine realm's past.
These fragments were endless. With every breath that passed, a page of time would be flipped, and all the contents of this page of time would turn into countless fragments that sank into the sea of time.
Many fragments were meaningless. For example, a bird in the divine realm stopped in the air, or a tree snapped, or …
But it was these countless events in space that could be pieced together to form a page of time.
Thus, some people had deduced that time and space could not be separated. However, no one in the divine realm had been able to comprehend this point.
It was precisely because of the existence of so many fragments that Dongfang Chunjun had no chance of finding Li Luoshui's body. This was much harder than finding a needle in a haystack.
In the deepest part of the Sea of Time …
A gigantic beast that was over a million feet tall was sleeping.
This giant beast was a ferocious creature in the Sea of Time, the Emperor's Vengeance of the Blind Tribe.
Dozens of thick tentacles swayed with the waves in the Sea of Time. The Emperor's Vengeance would occasionally awaken, but most of the time, it was peacefully sleeping.
A person sat on top of the Emperor's Vengeance's head. A unique rune floated in front of this person.
This was a Void Rune. Its function was similar to the Xuanyuan Gouyu of the Xuanyuan Guard, allowing the Li Tribe members to communicate across long distances.
Of course, the Void Talisman could only transmit sound over a short distance, so it couldn't compare to the Xuanyuan Gouyu. However, it was more than enough for communication in the Divine Realm.
"I, Yu Xiu, am not someone who is afraid of death. Although my strength is lacking, I will not hesitate to sacrifice my life for the Li Clan. However, there is one thing that Yu Xiu does not understand. Why do you care so much about that Saint Mountain?" That person muttered to the void talisman in front of him.
Although Yu Xiu was a Nirvana Realm elite, his strength was much weaker than the Xuanyuan Wei. After all, he had never joined the Chiyou Guards.
"This is my husband's idea," Luo Shui replied.
Yu Xiu's face revealed a trace of helplessness. In the eyes of the Li Clan, Luo Xiao was not worthy of the princess. However, he was not qualified to speak on such matters. In the end, he could only agree. "When the time comes, I will awaken the Emperor's Hatred and leave the Sea of Time …"
Back then, even against Huyan, he had no choice but to flee. Now, against the Xuanyuan Guard, who was even stronger than Huyan, Yuxiu knew he had no chance of winning. However, he couldn't go against the princess's request.
…
…
In less than a day, the immortal estate was already empty.
This time, they were very determined to leave. Even Afo was taken away.
Only Li Xuanyue, Jian Wuhen, Yu Shenfeng, Luo Xiao, Yu Taibai, and Luo Zheng were left in the Takeshi Forest.
In an empty space in the forest, the dao of the Divine Path of Dayan transformed into a huge astrolabe.
Luo Xiao stood in the astrolabe while Yu Taibai stood on the other side …
Countless snow-white starlight spiraled in the astrolabe. The trajectory of the starlight seemed chaotic, but in reality, it contained the laws of the Great Dayan Destiny.
Even though Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng had reached perfection in the Divine Path of Dayan Destiny, it was difficult for them to understand the meaning of the starlight. The Divine Path of Dayan Destiny was originally an elusive Divine Path. Moreover, the starlight was moving too fast for them to decipher.
Luo Xiao's eyes flashed as he stared fixedly at the astrolabe. He didn't even blink for fear of missing a single detail.
"The fourteen stars are in the fate palace. Lu Cun moves down. Yang Tuo moves to the right. Huo Ling ends. Zuo Ling, Chang Qu, Kui Yue, and other A-grade stars die out …"
However, this time, Luo Xiao was deducing the fate of the entire Divine Realm. It also involved the Xuanyuan Wei, an elusive existence, and even the experts from outside the Divine Realm. There were too many variables involved, and it was a difficult task for Luo Xiao.
"Hua …"
The astrolabe rippled like an ocean. The speed of the starlight suddenly increased by ten times.
Luo Xiao's eyes were wide open as he stared at the trajectory of the starlight …
When the trajectory reached its limit, the astrolabe could no longer be maintained and shattered. At this time, Luo Xiao and Yu Taibai were sweating profusely.
"Master, did you see anything?" Yu Taibai asked.
Luo Xiao frowned. "There's an increase in ferocity."
"Who is it related to?" Yu Taibai raised his eyebrows.
Luo Xiao looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression. "It has nothing to do with Zheng 'er. This ferocity seems to come from outside the divine realm. It's very strange …"
In everyone's eyes, the most dangerous stage was when Luo Zheng entered the Saint Mountain. However, the result of Luo Xiao's divination was not so. He found that the ferocity came from outside the divine realm.
The ferocity indicated that something bad might happen outside the divine realm.
Luo Shui had already led the others to seek the protection of the Nirvana Realm experts. How could there be danger under the protection of these experts?
The result of the divination was completely different from what Luo Xiao and the others had expected.
"Maybe it's because too many people are involved. I made a mistake." Luo Xiao smiled helplessly.
If he used the Great Yan Divine Path to deduce the fate of the Great Yan Universe, it would be very accurate. Almost all the variables were under his control. However, there were so many variables in the divine realm. There were also some things he didn't know. The result of such a divination was often inaccurate.
However, Luo Xiao felt that before entering the Saint Mountain, he had to make some calculations for Zheng 'er. It was better than nothing.
Although Luo Xiao did not believe the "ferocity" he saw, there was still a faint look of worry on his face. Luo Zheng comforted him. "Don't worry, Father. Mingwei and Elder Jin are extraordinary. With their strength, they can protect Mother's safety!"
Luo Xiao nodded. "Of course!"
At this moment, Yu Shenfeng's expression changed slightly. He immediately said, "These guys are so fast. It's only been three days since we destroyed Buzhou Spirit Mountain, and they're already here!"

Chapter 2551
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Preparations were complete.
Luo Xiao had already led the group out of the forest before it was torn open.
For safety's sake, Luo Xiao still led them into the Great Yan Realm.
Yu Taibai and Yu Shenfeng stayed behind, while Luo Zheng, Jian Wuhen, and Li Xuanyue followed Luo Xiao to the outlands.
Even though Luo Xiao had calculated that danger lay outside, the outlands were still the safest when Saint Mountain was open. At the very least, the Xuan Yuan Guards wouldn't dare chase them out.
Elder Jin and Ming Wei were happy to see this. After all, they'd warned Luo Xiao against it the last time they met.
After a few more days, Emperor Hanqing finally opened the forest, but the situation was exactly the same as Buzhou Spirit Mountain. Aside from the vast number of monsters, there wasn't a single person in the forest.
Emperor Hanqing vented his anger again, and even destroyed the entire immortal residence!
"I told you, they'll definitely escape if they have strong reinforcements," Huyan said flatly.
Emperor Hanqing's expression was savage. "They can escape to the outlands, but they can't take the universe with them. Change the rules of the Governing Slate, I want to destroy Luo Xiao's Great Yan Realm!"
Universe after universe stood in the sky above the divine realm, but no one was allowed to attack directly. Otherwise, they'd be severely punished by the Governing Slate.
There were strong and weak rules on the Governing Slate, and some were added by later generations.
However, the rules of the universe were very specific. They'd existed since the Governing Slate's creation, and could be said to have been personally created by Chiyou.
These rules were very difficult to erase. Even when Dongfang Chunjun changed a word in the Universal War, he'd spent quite a bit of shenwu coins.
If Emperor Hanqing wanted to erase the rules of the universe, he'd have to spend a shocking amount of shenwu coins.
After Dongfang Chunjun's fall, Han Jia forced all the noble houses to pay shenwu coins. The noble houses were pressured into collecting shenwu coins from the first- and second-tier houses within their borders. It could be said that the majority of shenwu coins in the divine realm had been collected by Han Jia.
Emperor Hanqing could indeed remove this restriction.
When the other Sages heard Emperor Hanqing's words, their expressions changed.
The reason why Saints rarely fought to the death was because of the rules on the Governing Slate. If they erased the rule that forbade them from attacking the universe, then Saints could wantonly destroy the universe of their opponent, easily taking their opponent's life. If that happened, then the entire Divine Realm would probably be thrown into chaos.
"Don't even think about it! The shenwu coins your Han Jia plundered don't belong to you. They belong to Big Brother Pang Miao, "said Huyan." They're just some Saints. If they escape, then so be it. Don't waste these shenwu coins on them. Hehe, they don't have the right! "
Although Huyan had found strong reinforcements through Xuanyuan Gouyu, they were still afraid of accidents. For example, the Chiyou Wei had broken through the spatial barrier in advance.
Pang Miao's forbidden weapon, the Sea Splitting Tooth, was already prepared. However, with the protection of the Governing Slate's rules, he would have a higher chance of winning. How could he allow himself to waste Shenwu Coins on a Saint?
Seeing Emperor Hanqing's unwilling expression, Huyan patted him on the shoulder. "Alright, Big Brother has already arranged everything. These Saints, including the Paramita realm powerhouses from the outer realms, can forget about leaving alive!"
Emperor Hanqing's eyebrows twitched at this.
He knew very well that the Xuanyuan Wei was extremely afraid of the outer realms. That was why they were doing everything they could to set up a trap. For example, letting the Sea Splitting Tooth devour blood, forming an alliance of powerful families, writing new rules for the Governing Slate, and so on.
Now that Huyan had suddenly become so confident, he naturally found it strange. "Big Brother Pang Miao has already thought of a way to deal with them?"
Huyan smiled and nodded. "Don't ask what you shouldn't ask. It won't be long before you find out!"
This reply calmed Emperor Hanqing down.
He originally wanted to attack the Soul Wilderness while he was at it, but in the end, he gave up on the idea.
… …
… …
Two months passed quickly.
During this time, more and more quasi saints and perfect true gods rushed to Saint Mountain.
"Saint Mountain should open in three days!"
"There really isn't any movement from the powerful families this time. Looks like the rumors are true!"
"This way, our chances have indeed increased greatly!"
The perfect true gods and quasi saints stared at Saint Mountain as they discussed.
Even though they could get along well with each other now, one more person meant one more competition.
For the sake of a Saint's position, two brothers had killed each other before.
At this moment, some black dots suddenly flew over from not far away.
"That's the perfect true gods of the Bai family … Damn it, they still came!"
"Who said that the powerful families won't fight for the Saint's position?"
"But this time, there seems to be much fewer people than in previous years."
The black dots rapidly approached and landed on the other side of the empty space.
Dongfang Chunjun's perfect true gods and quasi saints in the alliance of powerful families had almost all died in the Abyss Devil Zone. Only those who stayed behind to guard the floating island had luckily escaped, so the number of people sent by the powerful families was naturally much lower.
In the past, the quasi saints and perfect true gods of the powerful families were usually overbearing, but this time, everyone had a gloomy face and did not say a word.
These people of the powerful families had all received the same order. Aside from fighting for the Saint's position, their main goal was to kill Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng.
Some news of Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng from the battle in the Abyss Devil Zone had already been spread by the resurrected Saints. These two people were far more powerful than Saints. Even Saints would find it difficult to fight against them. Wasn't it courting death for them to fight against these two people?
However, even the Saints of their families could not disobey Emperor Han Qing's order. How could these quasi saints and perfect true gods refuse?
So their gloomy mood was overflowing …
However, they also heard from their Saints that the alliance of powerful families would do their best to stop these two people from entering Saint Mountain. If they could successfully stop them, they would naturally have nothing to do.
In these three days, everything seemed calm, but various forces were secretly surging.
In the Sea of Time, Yu Xiu had already awakened Di Hen …
In the mountains thousands of miles north of the Sea of Time, Shi Xiaoqiao and Jiu Sheng were hiding.
In the outer region of the Divine Zone, Ming Wei personally brought Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, as well as Chen Huang Yijian to the center of the Divine Zone.
Of course, Luo Xiao and the other Saints also went together.
All the positions had already been determined. When Saint Mountain opened, Jiu Sheng would immediately observe it and inform Luo Xiao.
Ming Wei stretched out her hand and lightly pointed. The True Meaning of Void Disillusionment bloomed at her fingertips, and a circle of spatial fluctuations gently enveloped the surface of the Divine Zone.

Chapter 2552
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
A fierce battle in front of the door
Saint Jiu stood on top of the mountain, and spatial fluctuations were faintly emitted from his eyes.
He could see any detail from a thousand miles away, which meant that it was an extremely small change.
The silver light on the surface of Saint Mountain became stronger and stronger, as if countless silver had been smelted and poured down from the top of Saint Mountain.
"Rumble …"
Tremors came from the inside of Saint Mountain.
Right below the Saint Mountain, a huge door that was a hundred feet tall appeared.
The quasi-sages and Paragons below Saint Mountain were all excited when they saw the huge door.
"The door is open!"
"Quick! Be the first to enter! "
"…"
Just as these people rushed toward the huge door, a small flame suddenly appeared in front of the door.
The flame bloomed in an instant and turned into a fire snake that was a thousand feet tall, blocking the huge door.
A quasi-saint was at the very front. This time, he was determined to take the lead. Just as the fire snakes had yet to cover the entire door, he actually executed greater teleportation, wanting to force his way in.
However, just as he reached the door, the fire snake blocked the last blind spot, and this quasi-sage was bathed in the fire snake.
A dignified Quasi-saint almost didn't struggle, nor did he let out a scream. He was instantly turned into ashes, burned clean by the fire serpents …
"What kind of flame is this!"
"Why are you stopping us from entering Saint Mountain?"
Everyone's expression changed.
The power contained in the flame was far beyond their imagination. Even Tang Lun, who was most proficient in the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao, could not compare.
"Hehehe, don't panic. When the time comes, you will naturally be allowed to enter. If anyone tries to force their way in, don't blame me for not warning you. You will end up like that fellow just now!"
Huyan stood in front of the door and sneered.
All the Paragons and quasi-sages floated in the air in a daze, not knowing what to do.
"This is the legendary Nirvana Realm powerhouse, the one standing behind Han Jia," someone reminded softly.
"This level of powerhouse is much more powerful than a Saint …"
"I wonder why he wants to seal the door. Could it be that he wants to stop us from becoming a Saint?"
Although everyone was depressed, they did not dare to say anything after hearing this person's cultivation and could only obediently stay where they were.
Saint Jiu frowned when he saw this from a thousand miles away.
Although he had already considered this point, it was indeed very troublesome for a Xuanyuan Guard to block the entrance of the Saint's Mountain …
At this moment, there was a sudden change in the northern shore of the Sea of Time.
The sea level on the northern shore began to drop, as if there was a huge creature at the bottom of the sea that opened its mouth and swallowed all the seawater.
When the sea level dropped to a certain level, it began to rise rapidly again!
"Hua!"
The multicolored seawater of time rolled out in reverse, transforming into a tsunami tens of thousands of feet tall.
It wasn't that these Great Perfection True Gods and Second Sages hadn't seen the world, but when they saw this scene, each and every one of them was still dumbfounded with shock!
This was the water of the Sea of Time. Anyone below the level of a Saint would definitely die if they touched it!
"What's behind this tsunami?!"
"It's Emperor's Hatred! The ferocious creature in the Sea of Time, Emperor Hatred! "
"Run! If the Sea of Time splashes onto your body, you'll be torn to pieces! "
These people were as depressed as they could be …
After waiting here for a few months, they were all eager to rush into the Saint's Mountain. Suddenly, a Nirvana Realm expert blocked their way, and the Sea of Time produced such a huge tsunami.
Fortunately, this tsunami only reached a height of tens of thousands of feet.
For these people, they could easily dodge it with a Greater Teleportation.
Before the tsunami got close, everyone had already used Greater Teleportation to escape …
Standing in front of the huge door, Huyan looked at the incoming tsunami without any change in expression.
The Sea of Time couldn't tear apart a Saint, and it couldn't tear apart Huyan. However, Huyan was surprised because he saw a person above Emperor Hatred's head. It was a Nirvana Realm expert.
"I didn't expect the Li Clan to have another person hiding in the Sea of Time. Heh … Puzhe, it's time for you to make your move!" Huyan was surprised.
Just as Huyan finished speaking, the Sea of Time's seawater drowned him. This huge tsunami even submerged a small portion of the Saint's Mountain. However, the Sea of Time couldn't tear apart the silver light on the surface of the Saint's Mountain, nor could it tear apart Huyan himself.
"Hum …"
Following a spatial fluctuation, Puzhe's deranged laughter could be heard. "Hahaha, I wonder which nameless Li Clan scoundrel it is! Come and fight with me! "
As soon as he finished speaking, Puzhe's muscular figure turned into a sharp arrow and shot towards Emperor Hatred's head.
"Roar!"
Emperor Hatred let out a low roar. With a raise of its hand, thick tentacles wrapped around Puzhe.
As for Yu Xiu, who was standing on top of Emperor Hatred's head, a bronze dagger-axe appeared in his hand. After hiding for so many years, he finally received the princess' summons. Since he dared to come out today, he didn't plan on returning alive.
Puzhe's movements were extremely fast. Although Emperor Hatred's thick tentacles were unbelievably nimble, they couldn't wrap around Puzhe at all. In the blink of an eye, Puzhe had already rushed in front of Yu Xiu.
"Hiss …"
The surface of the bronze dagger-axe in Yu Xiu's hand began to boil.
After hiding in the Sea of Time for so many years, his strength had improved by quite a bit!
Without any hesitation, he raised his bronze dagger-axe and faced Puzhe …
As for Emperor Hatred, it began to attack Huyan in front of the giant door with all its might. It wanted to force Huyan away.
Although Huyan's strength was the weakest in the Xuan Yuan Guard, his strength couldn't be ignored in the end!
"Evil creature! Courting death! "
Hu Yan pushed his hands forward, and a series of blazing rings of fire spread out.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
Although Emperor Hatred's skin was coarse and its flesh thick, under the burning of the fire rings, those tentacles were immediately charred.
"Roar … Aooo!"
Emperor Hatred let out a sorrowful cry and suddenly opened its mouth full of sharp teeth.
Under the crazy roar, a thick and large poisoned blood arrow shot towards Huyan. This poisoned blood arrow was enough to cover the entire giant door. If Huyan wanted to dodge, he had no choice but to leave this giant door.
Huyan didn't move a step. Seeing this poisoned blood arrow was less than ten feet away from him, Hou Bo's figure appeared beside Huyan. Hou Bo lightly spat out a word, "Defend!"
An oval-shaped sphere of light immediately enveloped Huyan and Hou Bo. This was a divine ability derived from the Annihilation True Meaning of Holy Word. It was also a dao that Hou Bo was proficient in.
This sphere easily blocked the poisoned blood arrow outside.
A thousand miles away …
The tsunami created by Emperor's Hatred had already reached this place, destroying quite a few villages along the way. Even a small Divine City had been submerged. Aside from a few upper True Gods, everyone else had been torn to pieces, falling into the cracks of time.
Jiu Sheng and Shi Qiaoqiao floated in the air. At this moment, Jiu Sheng's face was filled with anxiety.

Chapter 2553
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
A fleeting opportunity.
An orange scepter appeared in Shi Xiaoqiao's hand. She asked softly, "Do you need me to make a move?"
"Wait a little longer!"
Saint Jiu stared ahead.
There was only one chance, so his judgment was naturally very important!
Peak of the Divine Dominion …
Luo Xiao's expression did not look too good.
Saint Jiu told Luo Xiao everything he saw.
According to their original plan, when Yu Xiu made a move, it would be the best opportunity. However, the Xuanyuan Guards seemed to have made more preparations.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng stared at his father and asked.
"Huyan has been blocking the entrance," Luo Xiao said with a frown.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said, "You can put me down first."
Huyan's flames might be terrifying, but Luo Zheng believed he could withstand it. After all, he just needed to enter the Saint Mountain.
Luo Xiao shook his head and said, "Huyan isn't the only one blocking the entrance. There's another Xuanyuan Guard."
"It's impossible to find a perfect opportunity. This is what we expected. Besides, we still have Shi Xiaoqiao," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Luo Zheng also knew that although his father wanted to send him to the Saint Mountain, he was still worried about him.
However, it was impossible for them to charge into the Saint Mountain without danger. The opportunity was fleeting, so they could only choose to take the risk.
Luo Xiao did not say anything. He believed in Saint Jiu's judgment.
…
At the foot of the Saint Mountain.
After Uncle Hou blocked the poisonous blood arrow, Emperor Hatred once again raised its thick tentacles and swept towards the two Nirvana Realm experts.
Along with it, its huge body also rushed over!
Seeing this, Uncle Hou's face was full of ridicule. "This evil creature is stupid!" As he spoke, he once again emitted the True Meaning of Annihilation. This time, he spat out two words, "Sword Slaughter!"
In front of Uncle Hou, huge invisible swords began to circle at high speed.
Whether it was Emperor Hatred's tentacles or its body, they were all badly mutilated by the huge swords. Blood rained down along with countless pieces of flesh.
"Wuwuwuwu …"
This Emperor's Hatred also went berserk, nearly exhausting all of its strength to smash forward.
The power of such a colossus was extremely frightening. The Sword Word Divine Ability that Hou Bo used was indeed sharp, but the flesh he sliced off was nothing more than a hair from nine oxen to the Emperor's Hatred. It was like a mortal having a small piece of flesh gouged out. Although it was painful, it was not life-threatening.
Boom!
In the end, Emperor's Hatred's massive body was pressed against the oval-shaped ball of light, while the ball of light was pressed against the Saint Mountain.
Although the oval-shaped ball of light was extremely powerful, its defensive power was ultimately limited. Under the pressure of the Saint Mountain and the Emperor's Hatred, the oval-shaped ball of light emitted a sizzling sound. Cracks began to appear on the surface of the ball of light.
When Hu-yan saw the cracks, he was also worried.
He wasn't afraid of the beast, but he had to admit that Emperor's Hatred was too strong. If he let Hu-yan challenge Emperor's Hatred, as long as he had enough time, he would be able to kill the beast unharmed. No matter how strong Emperor's Hatred was, it wouldn't be able to do much.
But now, they had to guard the entrance of the Saint Mountain. If the ball of light were to shatter, it was very likely that they would be squashed into meat paste by Emperor's Hatred!
"Can you withstand it?" Hu-yan asked worriedly.
Hou Bo laughed bitterly, "Can't withstand it. It's about to …" As he said that, his expression changed and he roared, "Go!"
"Crack …"
The ball of light was finally shattered by Emperor's Hatred. Emperor's Hatred's massive body pressed towards them.
The two Nirvana Realm experts reacted extremely quickly. Almost at the instant the ball of light shattered, they used greater teleportation and disappeared from the spot.
"Boom …"
Emperor's Hatred's massive body crashed into the surface of the Saint Mountain.
This Saint Mountain was so sturdy that even a Nirvana Realm expert couldn't shake it. Even though Emperor's Hatred's size was similar to the Saint Mountain, such a collision didn't cause the floating Saint Mountain to move an inch!
"Finally left! The opportunity is now! "
Seeing this scene, Saint Jiu's face was slightly delighted. He immediately sent a message to Luo Xiao outside the Divine Realm.
The instant Luo Xiao notified Ming Wei, the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment that was brewing at Ming Wei's fingertips slammed downwards.
Hum …
A spatial passageway pierced through the surface of the Divine Realm at an unbelievable speed. It passed through a certain Saint's universe and landed precisely ten feet in front of the Saint Mountain's massive door.
The spatial passageway's landing point and distance had been carefully calculated and prepared beforehand. Naturally, it was very accurate.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He was the first to jump into the spatial passageway.
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian followed closely behind!
In an instant, the three of them had already disappeared into the spatial passageway …
Huyan and Hou Bo had just left through greater teleportation when a spatial passageway came down. Their expressions changed drastically.
"It's a spatial passageway!"
"A passageway created by the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment. Those from outside the Divine Realm have made their move!"
Pang Miao ordered them to guard the entrance of the Saint Mountain and not take half a step out. Just now, because of that evil creature's interference, they forcibly opened up a path.
The two of them didn't expect that just as they were forced out of the Saint Mountain by Emperor's Hatred, those from outside the Divine Realm would make their move.
Emperor's Hatred missed and turned around to charge at the two of them again. However, they weren't in the mood to fight Emperor's Hatred.
The two of them were about to use greater teleportation to block the entrance of the Saint Mountain, but at that moment, Saint Jiu, who was thousands of miles away, nodded at Shi Qiaoqiao.
Shi Qiaoqiao didn't hesitate to raise the scepter in her hand. An invisible force spread out from her to the entire Divine Realm in the blink of an eye. From the Northern Star Domain to the Southern Dou Domain, from the Floating Island to the Sea of Time, everything fell silent.
Aside from sound, everyone's power was temporarily blocked. True Gods couldn't communicate with their own internal worlds, and Saints couldn't communicate with the universe.
This kind of barrier used the power of the entire Divine Realm. Even those in the Paramita Realm couldn't break free from the Silencing Scepter's power.
How could Hu-yan and Hou Bo still use Greater Teleportation?
Not only were they unable to use greater teleportation, but they couldn't even fly. They fell down together.
However, Emperor's Hatred's attack didn't stop. It used its physical strength and naturally couldn't be silenced by Shi Qiaoqiao. That thick tentacle immediately whipped the two Xuan Yuan Guards.
Without any sound, the two of them tumbled in the air like a kite with a broken string, leaving behind two trails of blood.
The two of them weren't the only ones affected. Previously, in order to avoid the Sea of Time's tsunami, those Perfect True Gods and Quasi-Sages had all flown into the sky. Now, they were also falling rapidly.
As these people fell, their faces were deathly pale.

Chapter 2554
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Entering the Mountain
The moment the Silencing Scepter took effect, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Chen Huang Yijian also walked out of the spatial passage.
In the entire Divine Realm, only the three of them, Shi Xiaoqiao, and Jiu Sheng were not affected by the Silencing Scepter.
The gate of the Saint Mountain was only ten feet away from Luo Zheng and the others. After the three left the spatial passage, they did not stop and rushed toward the gate.
But at this moment, the Sea Breaker Tooth on the Holy Hall of the Sea of Time suddenly opened its mouth!
"What a good method. Their cooperation is almost flawless. Unfortunately …"
Pang Miao stood at the top of the Holy Hall and gently waved his hand in the direction of the Saint Mountain.
The Sea Breaker Tooth's mouth exploded with a strong smell of blood. When this forbidden weapon was activated, the entire Divine Realm suddenly trembled slightly.
This kind of tremor was similar to the descent of the Saint Mountain, but the duration and extent were much smaller.
The Silencing Scepter of the Gods actually used the power of the entire Divine Realm to suppress all living things in the Divine Realm, but the Sea Breaker Tooth, this forbidden weapon, forcibly broke free!
"Whoosh …"
A blood-colored torrent drew a long distance and covered the gate of the Saint Mountain.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Chen Huang Yijian wanted to rush into the Saint Mountain, but they would definitely be covered by this blood-colored torrent!
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian's eyes showed hesitation. It was only a distance of ten feet, and they could rush in in the blink of an eye, but this blood-colored torrent was still faster!
"Rush in!"
Luo Zheng roared. They only had one chance, and there was no turning back.
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian also gritted their teeth and sped up …
The moment the blood-colored torrent poured down, the Time Jade Seal appeared in Luo Zheng's right hand. The moment he activated the Time Jade Seal, the blood-colored torrent had already swallowed them.
Pang Miao stood at the top of the Saint Hall and looked indifferently at the Saint Mountain on the other side of the Sea of Time. A smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. "It should be death …" Before he could finish his sentence, he sensed a fluctuation of time. Then, his pupils suddenly widened.
He could clearly see that there were three ripples in front of the gate in front of the Saint Mountain. Such a scene would appear when one entered the gate of the Saint Mountain. Those three fellows were not swallowed by the blood-colored torrent. They had entered!
"Damn it, I should have known that kid could erase time …"
Even when he was sealed, he could still feel the movement of time being erased.
However, when the Silencing Scepter's power had spread out, it had attracted all of Pang Miao's attention. He had thought that once he broke through the Silencing Scepter's shackles, the three of them would die without a doubt. Instead, he had overlooked Luo Zheng's jade seal!
Pang Miao's eyelids twitched as a feeling of being toyed with rose within him. He stood in place for a long time without moving.
Boom!
The All Saints Hall under his feet suddenly could not support his power. Cracks spread out from the front of the hall, and then it collapsed with a loud crash.
…
Those Perfection True Gods and Quasi Sages who were falling at high speed almost fell into despair. They saw that they were getting closer and closer to the colorful seawater below them. Naturally, they were also getting closer and closer to death.
Fortunately, they had previously maintained a considerable height, and the Silencing Scepter only lasted for a few breaths of time.
When they were several dozen meters from the ground, the Silencing Scepter's effect disappeared …
Everyone felt that their strength had returned. After they were no longer shackled by the Silencing Scepter's power, they either urgently hovered in midair or directly used greater teleportation to go up.
Only one Perfection True God was more unlucky. He had not maintained his height after using greater teleportation and had fallen into the seawater one step ahead of time. He was immediately cut into countless pieces by the fragments of time and disappeared into the seawater.
Huyan and Uncle Hou were both sent flying by Emperor Hen's tentacles. They retreated several dozen kilometers in the air and smashed two large craters in the ground.
After the Silencing Scepter's effect disappeared, the two climbed out of the craters.
Uncle Hou's face was gloomy as he gritted his teeth and said, "I'm going to shred this evil creature into pieces!"
"I agree," Huyan coldly replied, his face full of anger.
The two figures flashed and appeared above Emperor Hen's head.
On the other half of Saint Mountain, Yu Xiu knelt on one knee.
His body was covered in wounds, and one of his arms was missing. However, his other hand was still tightly holding onto the bronze halberd.
"How surprising. I didn't think that a First Heaven guy would have such skills," Pu Zhe said as he slowly walked towards Yu Xiu.
The difference in power between Yu Xiu and Pu Zhe was huge, but Yu Xiu's tenacity had successfully stalled Pu Zhe.
"Hua!"
Yu Xiu flipped his hand, and the bronze halberd in his hand changed direction and stabbed towards Pu Zhe again.
"Spent force, heh," Pu Zhe coldly laughed. He lightly pinched and directly grabbed the front end of the bronze halberd. With a light tug, the bronze halberd was snatched away by him.
At that moment, Yu Xiu had already used up his last bit of power and had no way to resist.
"I, Pu Zhe, have always respected people with such a strong will to fight. Therefore, I will grant you … a quick and painless death." As he spoke, Pu Zhe raised his bronze spear high into the air and brought it down heavily towards Yu Xiu.
Not long after Yu Xiu's death, Emperor Hen was unable to resist the joint attack of Hou Bo and Huyan. He let out a long and mournful scream.
"Wu …"
His huge body tilted to one side and crashed to the ground with a boom, never to get up again.
Thousands of miles away, Saint Jiu saw this scene and sighed softly, "Emperor Hen is an existence that even Saints fear, yet he died at the hands of the Xuanyuan Wei …"
Shi Qiaoqiao also slightly shook her head.
Her Scepter of Silence could only be used once in a while. If she could use it continuously, she might be able to save Yu Xiu's life. As long as he had the chance to teleport to the spatial passage to the top of the Divine Realm, it would be fine.
"Let's go. This place is still too dangerous. Your methods just now will alert the Xuanyuan Wei," Saint Jiu said.
Shi Qiaoqiao nodded, and the two used greater teleportation to quietly leave the mountain peak.
This fierce battle didn't last long …
Seeing that the battle was over, the quasi-sages and paragons immediately focused on Saint Mountain. After all this trouble, they should be able to go in now, right?
But just as they approached Saint Mountain's gate, Huyan appeared in front of the gate again, blocking their path.
"Saint Mountain won't allow us to enter?" a quasi-sage mustered up the courage to ask.
Although he had killed that bastard, Huyan wasn't in a good mood at all. He coldly said, "Saint Mountain will naturally let you in, but not now!"

Chapter 2555
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The pursuers.
Clan Leader Qian Long floated behind the crowd and remained silent, his heart full of shock.
He was wondering if Luo Zheng would come, but someone said that the Abyss Demons were all wiped out. He thought that Luo Zheng was dead too.
He didn't expect Luo Zheng to use this method to enter the Saint Mountain …
It seemed that these Nirvana Realm experts knew that Luo Zheng would come, so they waited here in advance.
But even three Nirvana Realm experts couldn't stop Luo Zheng!
What kind of person was behind that guy?
Clan Leader Qian Long became a Secondary Saint and thought that he was at the top of the Divine Realm. Only now did he reevaluate himself. The Divine Realm wasn't as simple as it seemed. There were many things behind it that he didn't understand.
Before long, a spatial ripple appeared beside Hu-yan, and then three more people appeared.
The leader was Pang Miao, and the other two were Emperor Hanqing and Hancangyan.
"Big Brother, I'm sorry …" Huyan saluted Pang Miao, his face full of shame.
Pang Miao was usually calm, but now his face was gloomy. He sighed and said, "It's not your fault. They have many tricks up their sleeves."
Emperor Hanqing frowned and said, "I didn't expect Shi Xiaoqiao to make a move at this time."
"Forget it." Pang Miao waved his hand, then said to the group of Paragons and Secondary Saints, "The chance of becoming a Saint is too slim for you. Even if you become a Saint, it won't increase your strength much. You can use limited resources to reach Paragons. You're all talented and have the chance to reach the Nirvana Realm!"
Some people's eyes lit up, while others were slightly confused.
The rich and powerful all knew what the Nirvana Realm was, but there were still some who didn't know.
"What's the Nirvana Realm …" someone asked quietly.
"The Nirvana Realm is an existence that surpasses the Saints." Pang Miao smiled and replied, "A Nirvana Realm expert is like the difference between a True God and a God. Huyan and Uncle Hou are Nirvana Realm experts."
Pang Miao's explanation made everyone understand.
Some of the Secondary Saints and Paragons looked excited. If they were as powerful as Huyan and Huyan, they could easily crush the Saints!
"I can help you reach the Nirvana Realm," Pang Miao continued, "but on one condition."
"What conditions?" A red-haired secondary saint asked impatiently.
"When you enter the Saint Mountain, you must help us kill the three people who have entered the Saint Mountain," Pang Miao said.
"Two Paragons and one Quasi-Sage?"
"If we join forces, it shouldn't be difficult to crush these three people!"
"I wonder where those three people came from …"
The Great Perfection Sovereigns and Secondary Sages who were unaware were still very excited.
For a chance to be canonized as a saint, they could fight to the death. What about the chance to ascend to the other side?
Most people's minds became active, and their eyes were filled with fanaticism. Only a few people remained calm.
For example, Han Tianxiao and Thousand Dragon Clan Leader.
Tianxiao had a rough understanding of what had happened in the Abyss Demonic Domain. He knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not simple, and Patriarch Qianlong had personally witnessed Luo Zheng's strength. He was someone who could not die even after being chased by an alliance of Wealthy Clans. How could a group of Quasi-saints and Great Perfection Sovereigns want to take his life? Wasn't he too naive?
However, this was Pang Miao's order. How could the few who knew about it dare to say it out loud?
Pang Miao was very satisfied with this group's reaction. He said, "Then I wish everyone good luck. Hu Yan, you can let them in."
Huyan nodded and moved aside with Uncle Hou from the gate.
Only then did those Perfected True Gods and Quasi-Sages rush into the door, instantly disappearing into it, leaving behind only ripples.
After everyone had entered, Pang Miao looked at Emperor Hanqing. "I'm afraid these people aren't strong enough to kill them."
"Of course not. Not to mention them, even if I went personally, I wouldn't be able to," Emperor Hanqing said. "It seems that I still need Han Cangyan to go. Although he can't compete for the position of a saint, he's only a Great Perfection Sovereign and can enter the Saint Mountain. However …"
At this point, there was a hint of hesitation in Emperor Hanqing's eyes.
"However what?" Pang Miao asked.
"In the Black Water Region, I sent my two daughters to kill Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng seemed to have used a strange method to forcefully erase the mental connection between me and my daughters," Emperor Hanqing said seriously. "If I only sent Han Cangyan in and Luo Zheng also erased the mental connection, I'm afraid it would be very troublesome."
After hearing this, Pang Miao smiled. "It's okay. That's not a problem."
As he spoke, he reached out and pinched lightly. A small blood jade gourd appeared in his hand. "Hang this gourd around Han Cangyan's neck. No matter what method Luo Zheng uses, he won't be able to invade Han Cangyan's mind."
The blood jade gourd emitted a mysterious soul aura. Emperor Hanqing's eyes lit up when he saw it. He thanked Han Cangyan and took the blood jade gourd and hung it around Han Cangyan's neck.
Then, Han Cangyan leaped and flew into the door of Saint Mountain.
…
…
After Luo Zheng entered the door of Saint Mountain, he felt himself sink into a silver light.
The silver light was so bright that Luo Zheng couldn't see anything at all. He couldn't even sense the existence of Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian. He could only move forward by feeling.
After about the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, he felt the silver light gradually dissipate. Only then did he vaguely see the road ahead. It was an open silver valley.
After entering the valley, Luo Zheng waited for a while. Only then did he see Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian walk out of the silver light.
"We're finally in," Hua Tianming said.
"It's really scary but not dangerous," Chen Huang Yijian said with lingering fear.
Rushing into Saint Mountain in front of the Xuan Yuan Wei was indeed a big risk. Especially when he sensed that the Xuan Yuan Wei had broken free from the power of the Scepter of Silence, he almost fell into despair.
"The first to enter Saint Mountain will have a slight advantage. Let's move quickly," Luo Zheng said.
The three of them didn't delay any longer and flew forward along the valley.
Not long after Luo Zheng and the other two escaped, the Perfect True Gods and Secondary Sages also arrived at the valley.
"Hehehe, I'm not that interested in becoming a Saint anymore," a Perfect True God laughed. This Perfect True God came from the southern part of the Divine Realm and was also a well-known figure.
"Indeed, if we really reached the Nirvana Realm, then becoming a Saint would lose its meaning," another Secondary Sage with a small stature said lightly.
"But the three of them can rush in in front of those people. They can't be underestimated," someone said cautiously.
No matter what, these people had already made a decision. At least in their opinion, killing the three of them should be easier than fighting for the chance to become a Saint.

Chapter 2556
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Siege
They walked along the valley for about a thousand miles, and the rock walls on both sides of the valley became more and more open.
The Saint Mountain looked like a whole from the outside, but after entering, it was completely different. The inside of the mountain was empty.
But walking through the valley did not feel cramped. The silver light blooming above gave people a feeling of the sky, but the color of the sky was a little wrong …
Luo Zheng looked at the surrounding environment as he moved forward.
Compared to the opportunity to become a Saint, Luo Zheng cared more about the maze.
Luo Xiao had already explained the situation inside the Saint Mountain.
Although the space inside the Saint Mountain was huge, it was not as complicated as other forbidden areas.
After leaving the valley, they could see an open plain. Once the competition between the Saints began, silver holy springs would appear in the plain. As long as one occupied one of the holy springs, they could become a Saint.
The number of holy springs varied every time. Sometimes there were two, sometimes there were three.
When Luo Xiao became a Saint, only one holy spring appeared. Therefore, Luo Xiao was the only one who became a Saint when the Saint Mountain descended.
Although the rules were very simple, it was not so easy to occupy the holy spring. On the one hand, it was a test from the Saint Mountain, and on the other hand, there were other people competing. No one would let you occupy a holy spring steadily.
When they finally walked out of the cliff, they saw a vast and boundless plain.
The plain was endless. Looking into the distance, there was also a silver sky in the distance.
"I don't see the silver holy spring," Hua Tianming stepped lightly on the ground and floated up. The whole plain was empty.
Chen Huang Yijian was very patient, "Maybe it's not time yet?"
Luo Zheng strolled toward the plain and said, "Father said that it seems that the silver holy spring must reach a certain number of people …"
In the past, when the Saint Mountain descended, they would rush in like a swarm of bees. This time, only the three of them came first. It was likely that there were not enough people.
Not long after Luo Zheng finished speaking, he felt a chaotic aura behind him.
He turned his head and saw dozens of people slowly coming from the valley.
He entered the Saint Mountain from the space channel in less than a blink of an eye, so he naturally did not have time to pay attention to these "competitors". Now, after looking around, he was surprised to see some acquaintances.
Thousand Dragons Patriarch? Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
Unexpectedly, this quasi-sage still relied on his own ability to leave the Abyss Devil Domain.
He nodded towards Patriarch Qianlong in the crowd. Patriarch Qianlong opened his mouth and said with a true essence sound transmission, "Luo Zheng, be careful. These people want to kill you."
Hearing Patriarch Qianlong's warning, Luo Zheng was somewhat surprised.
However, as he thought about it, he quickly understood.
Those Xuanyuan Guards would definitely not give up on pursuing him, but their true bodies were unable to enter, so relying on these people was naturally a choice.
The Quasi-sages in the lead quietly approached Luo Zheng and the others. Their faces were expressionless, completely concealing the killing intent in their hearts.
These Quasi-sages from outside the aristocratic families were more arrogant and conceited than the Quasi-sages from the aristocratic families. They believed that the disciples of aristocratic families relied on enormous resources to be canonized as saints, while the Quasi-sages from first-tier families relied entirely on their own talents to fight for it. Whether it was strength or talent, they were naturally superior.
When these Quasi-sages were still several hundred feet away from Luo Zheng's group, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and said, "If you want to make a move, do it early. I'm afraid you won't be able to stand it if you hold back for too long."
After being seen through by Luo Zheng, these Quasi-sages were slightly flustered.
The red-haired Quasi-sage in the lead sneered, "Since you know, then obediently accept your punishment and save us the trouble of wasting our energy!"
Luo Zheng stared at this person, and his eyes became indifferent. He sighed softly and said, "If you stop now and turn back from the wrong path, I can spare your lives. You can also fight for the qualification to be canonized as saints."
"Spare our lives?" The red-haired Quasi-sage was slightly taken aback.
The others were also somewhat astonished. They thought they had forced these three people into a desperate situation, but this kid still spoke arrogantly.
The red-haired Quasi-sage laughed loudly and said, "Very good, arrogant enough! Then let me see what qualifications you have to disturb our lives! "
"It's just two Paragons and one Quasi-sage!"
"We have the advantage in numbers and strength. Everyone, together, it'll be easy to kill them!"
"…"
Under the lead of those Quasi-sages, they instigated the others to charge forward like a swarm of bees.
However, not everyone moved out. There was still a portion of people who stayed behind and watched.
For example, Han Tianxiao and the others from the Wealthy Clan Alliance.
Those who could cultivate to such a level were naturally people with extraordinary talent. In their opinion, since those Xuan Yuan Guards were willing to give such great benefits, Luo Zheng's group must be quite troublesome.
Of course, those Quasi-sages in the lead could also think of it. However, people tended to overestimate their own strength and underestimate their opponents. No matter how strong Luo Zheng's group was, could they be stronger than dozens of Quasi-sages and Paragons?
When Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian heard Luo Zheng's words, they immediately understood.
Seeing these people charging forward aggressively, traces of coldness appeared in their eyes at the same time.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The two drew their swords almost at the same time.
When Chen Huang Yijian pulled out his longsword, his eyes were extremely cold.
Swish … Swish …
The sword threads condensed from the Emotion Severing Divine Path turned into a large golden net that enveloped the front.
In the Abyss Devil Domain, Chen Huang Yijian's strength was comparable to a top Saint. Even Tang Lun and Mu Haiji were not inferior to him. However, the primordial fear power could only be used in the Abyss Devil Domain. Outside the Abyss Devil Domain, he could not borrow the power of the Black Water Domain.
However, the Emotion Severing Divine Path alone was enough for him to contend against ordinary Saints.
"What a sharp method!"
The Quasi-sages in the lead sensed the aura contained in the sword net and dodged to the sides.
Greater teleportation could not be done in the Saint Mountain, but these Quasi-sages' movement techniques were extremely ingenious. Moreover, there was no cover on this plain, so they had enough space to dodge.
However, just as they dodged this sword net, Hua Tianming followed closely behind!
These people did not expect Hua Tianming to dare to rush over alone!
"Water Cloud Slash!"
"Mountain Splitting Divine Sword!"
"…"
The Quasi-sages in the lead attacked together.
However, just as their Dao accumulations transformed into magical powers, a strange aura suddenly came from Hua Tianming's body. Facing this aura, the killing intent in their hearts disappeared without a trace.
"My sword can't slash down!"
"I can't do anything to him …"
"What ability is this?"

Chapter 2557
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Intimidating
Just as they were puzzled, the sword in Hua Tianming's hand transformed into a streak of light and swept toward the three Secondary Saints at the front.
These Secondary Saints were seasoned veterans after all.
Although they were astonished by Hua Tianming's Mystical Ability, their reactions were extremely fast.
"Soft Wind Entanglement!"
The Dao accumulation in the body of the Secondary Saint in the lead transformed into wisps of soft wind.
These soft winds had no destructive power, but countless wisps of wind were like invisible ropes that rapidly entangled Hua Tianming's Tengshe Sword.
"This wind …"
Hua Tianming's eyes flickered slightly. He naturally knew how sharp Tengshe's Sword was, but these winds did not have a physical form and naturally could not be cut.
"I've entangled him!" that Secondary Saint shouted.
"If we can't attack him, then we'll trap him to death!"
When the other secondary saints saw this, they also followed suit.
The raging flames transformed into long ropes that entangled Hua Tianming. The vigorous Life Divine Dao transformed into thorny vines that rapidly encircled Hua Tianming.
Facing these quick-witted Secondary Saints, Hua Tianming's eyes narrowed slightly.
In the end, Hua Tianming's cultivation was only at the consummate level. If he had faced several Secondary Saints before entering the Abyss Demonic Region, he would indeed not have been their match.
But the current Hua Tianming was naturally different.
Just as those Secondary Saints' methods had yet to come close to him, an ice flower appeared in front of him.
The raging flames instantly disappeared the instant the flaming ropes touched the ice flower. Then, they transformed into a sparkling and translucent ice rope.
The same was true for the vines that entangled Hua Tianming …
Dense cold air rolled backward along the vines and the flaming ropes. All the energy fluctuations along the way turned into ice flowers.
Even the gentle wind could not escape the fate of being frozen. Ice flowers danced in the air, outlining the rough shape of the wind.
"What kind of energy is this!"
"Mystic Ice Divine Dao?"
"Impossible! Mystic Ice Divine Dao is not this terrifying! Retreat! "
Fear appeared on the faces of those quasi-saints.
Although someone had already issued a warning, Hua Tianming's ice flowers had spread too quickly. The three secondary saints who had tried to trap Hua Tianming couldn't stop in time and the ice flowers had already spread to their bodies.
The two of them didn't even have time to react. Their faces were still filled with astonishment when they were completely frozen and turned into ice sculptures.
At the level of a quasi-saint, even if they were completely frozen by the Profound Ice Divine Dao, they could still struggle free. However, Hua Tianming's ice flower was not an ordinary Divine Dao after all. The moment the two of them were frozen, their life aura had completely disappeared. The two of them had completely perished.
The group of people who were originally charging forward aggressively immediately stopped in their tracks.
Those secondary sages and Paragons were still very excited earlier and were all fighting to be the first. But now, their gazes toward Hua Tianming were like those of demons.
Hua Tianming held his longsword with one hand and gently raised his other hand. A small ice flower slowly rotated in his palm as he said, "I wonder if we have the qualifications to spare your lives?"
No one in this group spoke. They all stared fixedly at the ice flower in Hua Tianming's hand. They had never seen such a terrifying technique and were all stunned.
The might of the Mystic Ice Divine Dao cultivated to the Paragon stage was a complete joke compared to this ice flower.
They suddenly understood that they couldn't resist such a technique at all. Rashly charging forward was equivalent to courting death.
Tianxiao and the other people who were born in wealthy families were very smart and didn't make a move. However, their expressions were also very grave.
"This guy's technique is already so terrifying. I wonder what kind of power Luo Zheng has now." Tianxiao's gaze skipped over Hua Tianming and landed on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had been standing calmly at the back. It seemed that he had no intention of making a move at all.
Just as both sides were in a deadlock, an extremely terrifying aura suddenly bloomed from the depths of the valley. It was as if tens of millions of ferocious beasts were about to emerge from the valley. Everyone felt this aura and suppressed the shock in their hearts as they turned to look.
Whoosh —
Their gazes only caught a bit of black light.
It was a black spear that shot out at an extremely fast speed and went straight for Hua Tianming.
After seeing this spear, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. "Tianming, retreat."
Hua Tianming naturally also sensed the terrifying power in this black spear. He lightly tapped the tip of his foot and quickly retreated.
"Bo!"
The black spear was directly nailed to the spot where Hua Tianming was originally standing.
This spear was completely formed by the energy in the Abyssal Demon Region. The moment it was nailed to the ground, the entire spear melted on the ground like a candle, forming a circular black spot on the ground. Within the area covered by the black spot, wisps of black aura rose into the sky, faintly mixed with shrill screams. This area had turned into a purgatory-like existence.
After a while, a figure gently floated over from the valley.
That person had a pair of black wings behind his back and a blood-red gourd hung on his chest. His originally handsome face was filled with hostility.
"It's Han Cangyan!"
"Why is he here?"
"What's with that power? Why can't I understand it at all!"
Whether it was Hua Tianming's ice flower or the black spear thrown by Han Cangyan, they weren't powers that a Perfect True God could possess.
Even a Sage couldn't be so powerful.
The means displayed by the two were beyond their comprehension. It was completely like watching a fight between gods.
Han Cangyan slowly flew over, his gaze finally landing on Luo Zheng. "Even the Xuan Yuan Guard couldn't stop you from entering the Saint Mountain. Luo Xiao is really good, but unfortunately, you're all going to die in the Saint Mountain today."
Luo Zheng stared at Han Cangyan and smiled faintly. "Whether we're going to die or not, we'll have to fight to see. I'm just thinking of a question. If Han Cangyan knew that he was personally made into a puppet by his father, would he hate you?"
When the others heard this, they immediately looked at each other.
"Could it be that this person isn't Han Cangyan?"
"His father made him into a puppet?"
Han Tianxiao's eyebrows suddenly raised.
Han Tianxiao could naturally sense the abnormalities of Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue. These three people's temperaments had changed greatly before entering the Abyssal Demon Region. However, he didn't expect Emperor Han Qing to be so ruthless that he was willing to kill his own children.
Being exposed in front of so many people, Han Cangyan's face was also filled with anger.
Seeing that Han Cangyan was about to explode, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "I've already recovered Han Liusu and Han Chuyue's memories. They're very disappointed in you, especially Han Chuyue. At first, she refused to believe …"
Although the two women stayed in the immortal residence, Luo Zheng could see and feel that they still had feelings for Han Jia that couldn't be separated.
However, their father treated them like this, which was simply too heavy for them to bear in their lives.
"Stop talking!"
Han Cangyan roared, interrupting Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2558
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Black ball
As Han Cangyan rushed towards Luo Zheng, he stretched out his hand and a black spear appeared.
Luo Zheng's expression was solemn.
Although Han Cangyan was only a Perfect True God, he controlled the Abyss Demon Region.
Moreover, the person controlling Han Cangyan was Emperor Han Qing!
Whoosh!
Seeing that the black spear was thrusting towards him, Luo Zheng twisted his body slightly and dodged Han Cangyan's spear very naturally.
After comprehending the True Meaning of Dao, Luo Zheng's every move contained the True Meaning of Dao.
As he dodged the spear, Luo Zheng flipped his hand and red lotuses extended from his arm.
The moment the red lotuses appeared, the temperature within a ten-mile radius suddenly rose. The quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods instantly felt the scorching aura in front of them.
The red lotuses extended rapidly and wrapped around the black spear.
If the red lotuses could wrap around Han Cangyan's body, they would probably burn him to ashes in an instant.
Even Tang Lun, a Sage who was proficient in the Fledgling Fire Divine Path, couldn't escape. Even though Han Cangyan controlled the Abyss Demon Region, his body wasn't strengthened greatly. Naturally, he couldn't block it.
"Humph!"
Han Cangyan shook the spear lightly and the red lotuses that wrapped around the spear shaft broke inch by inch!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a strange look. The red lotuses couldn't convert the black energy!
In the Abyss Demon Region, Luo Zheng's red lotuses and Hua Tianming's ice flowers could convert almost all kinds of energy. However, they had no effect on the black energy.
After breaking the red lotuses, Han Cangyan didn't stop. The tip of the spear drew an arc in the air and went straight for Luo Zheng's face.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Luo Zheng's body suddenly turned and hundreds of red lotuses came out of his body at the same time.
The red lotuses extended rapidly like the tentacles of an octopus and wrapped around Han Cangyan. As long as the red lotuses found a gap, they could kill Han Cangyan.
However, at this moment, the ring on Han Cangyan's hand flashed.
Buzz!
Black energy seeped out of Han Cangyan's body and turned into a set of black armor.
This set of armor covered Han Cangyan from head to toe. It covered him tightly and didn't leave any blind spots.
The hundreds of red lotuses couldn't break the black armor.
As Han Cangyan's body again, all the red lotuses again …
"Are you trying to kill me with this method? Too Luo Zheng … "Han Cangyan laughed and waved the spear in his hand. Luo Zheng. and Black energy's of black energy turned into a huge ring and covered Luo Zheng... and Luo Zheng was.
Seeing that he was enveloped by the ring, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He immediately rushed to the other side, trying to escape from the ring.
However, Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Yue was Translations.. s Yi Luo Editor Lun Liu's Luo Editor 'No Translation's Liu Lun Liu Liu' ''s Translations translation translation Yyue Nnen
"Your movement technique is not bad, but with nowhere to run, how am I supposed to hide from you?" Han Cangyan sneered and pinched the black ball in the air.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Stop!"
Chen Huang Yijian and Hua Tianming attacked at the same time.
Chen Huang Yijian's sword moved horizontally. The sword light was like silk. It turned into a fine sword net and poured down on Han Cangyan and the black ball.
However, the black energy's characteristics were very unique. It was almost unaffected by any power. Han Cangyan didn't dodge at all. Only the piercing sound of the sword silk cutting Han Cangyan's body could be heard. It couldn't hurt Han Cangyan at all!
Hua Tianming also released ice flowers and rolled toward Han Cangyan.
Regardless of whether it was the ice flower or the red lotus, they were not very powerful. These two extreme energies could only transform everything they came into contact with. However, one of them burned other energies intensely, while the other completely froze all energy.
Han Cangyan wasn't afraid of Luo Zheng's red lotuses. Naturally, he wasn't afraid of Hua Tianming's ice flowers!
Seeing this scene, Hua Tianming was also anxious.
In the Abyss Devil Domain, the two of them were connected. They were almost unafraid of any Saint's means because the two of them complemented each other and could transform any energy for their own use.
However, Han Cangyan's black energy couldn't be transformed. Even if the two of them established a connection, it would be meaningless!
"Buzz!"
The black ball suddenly released a turbulent energy. Suddenly, the inside of the ball was completely filled.
The area covered by the ball was purgatory. Any living thing inside would be annihilated …
However, after two or three breaths, Luo Zheng's figure had already drilled out from the other side of the ball. The moment he appeared, his body was stained with a faint aura of the Law of Time.
With no way to escape, Luo Zheng could only activate the Time Imperial Jade Seal again.
Outside the Saint Mountain, Emperor Han Qing sat cross-legged in the air. Through Han Cangyan's eyes, he saw this scene and frowned.
It was a big mistake to let Luo Zheng get this Time Imperial Jade Seal!
Erasing a period of time had almost turned this kid into an immortal existence …
Emperor Han Qing's lips moved slightly. Inside the Saint Mountain, Han Cangyan said coldly, "I think you can't keep using this Time Imperial Jade Seal. You can escape this time. How about you do it again?"
Han Cangyan gently waved his right hand. Once again, a huge black ring appeared. This time, the black ring had a diameter of five miles.
"Buzz!"
The black ring trembled and enveloped them.
"Back off!"
"Don't be trapped by this ring!"
"Is Han Cangyan going to kill us all?"
Not far behind Han Cangyan, there were a dozen people watching the battle. They didn't expect to implicate themselves. When the black ring appeared, it was too late to escape!
The moment the ring fell, it turned into a complete ball and enveloped everyone.
"This time, I'll get rid of you all together," Han Cangyan said coldly.
"Han Cangyan! I'm also a member of the Alliance! How can you drag me into this! "A quasi-sage roared.
"Bang! Bang! "
Someone used a divine ability to break the ball, but the two sides were not on the same level. Even if they used all their strength, they couldn't break it!
"All of you, die!" A ruthless look flashed in Han Cangyan's eyes. He gently squeezed his right hand, and when the black energy spread out within the sphere, everyone would be annihilated, including Luo Zheng.
Emperor Han Qing was a person with feelings. He wasn't a cold-hearted person.
When he heard that Han Liusu and Han Chuyue had recovered their memories, he felt uneasy and ashamed. Even someone as ruthless as him couldn't face his own children.
Therefore, even though Han Liusu and Han Chuyue had recovered, Emperor Han Qing's hatred for Luo Zheng was even deeper!
At that moment, a brown sword light suddenly shot out and slashed into the inner wall of the ball. Luo Zheng's longsword was broken into pieces and scattered on the ground.
Ever since the Shadow Bearing Sword had been devoured, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to find a suitable longsword.
Ordinary grandmist treasures couldn't withstand the power of the Dao Fusion. Therefore, after slashing out, the longsword's body shattered.

Chapter 2559
Darkness
More than two thousand five hundred Divine Daos completely fused together. This was already close to Luo Zheng's limit.
When Luo Zheng released it, the fusion energy was still quite stable, so it could turn into a sword ray and fly out.
However, when the sword light hit the inner wall of the black sphere, the originally stable energy was disrupted. The Dao Fusion energy, which had been perfectly fused together, exploded. It was like a bright sun had bloomed, and there was a loud explosion.
Boom!
Although the black sphere was extremely stable and couldn't be broken by ordinary means, there was still a limit.
The moment the fusion energy bloomed, cracks appeared on the surface of the sphere, and it finally collapsed.
A powerful shock wave spread out from the sphere.
Whether it was Hua Tianming, Chen Huang, Yijian, or the quasi-sages, they were all like broken kites, flying in all directions.
Even the people outside the sphere were affected, including Han Tianxiao, Patriarch Qianlong, and the others. They didn't hear the earth-shattering boom, because the moment they heard it, their earth-shattering sound had been shattered.
Their eardrums had already been shattered, and every one of them had become deaf at this moment. Fortunately, this small injury healed extremely quickly.
Only Luo Zheng and Han Cangyan were standing on the plain.
Han Cangyan's body was still covered in black armor, and a pair of eyes could be seen from the spiked helmet. He looked at Luo Zheng with eyes full of surprise.
Since Emperor Han Qing was willing to send Han Cangyan to the Saint Mountain, taking Luo Zheng's life was a must. He also felt that this mission wasn't difficult.
Some of Luo Zheng's methods had been displayed incisively and vividly in the Abyss Demonic Area. Emperor Han Qing could calmly estimate Luo Zheng's strength.
This included the ability of the Imperial Jade Seal of Time and the means to erase the soul imprint.
But now, Emperor Han Qing realized that he still underestimated Luo Zheng.
After leaving the Abyss Demon Domain, Luo Zheng's strength seemed to have improved greatly.
"With a skeletal age of a little over a hundred years and spending most of his time in a secondary world, it would be hard for me to believe that he could possess such strength in such a short time if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes," Han Cangyan said faintly. "It's a pity that such a genius is standing against me …"
Luo Zheng took out another long sword from his Sumeru Ring and said softly, "Our enemy was originally Dongfang Chunjun. There should have been a possibility of cooperation. Unfortunately, you insisted on replacing Dongfang Chunjun and did not hesitate to sacrifice your own children. You will regret your choice in the end."
"What makes you think that?" Han Cangyan smiled faintly.
"Just based on this!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, his feet suddenly stomped on the ground. His whole body was like a flying shuttle, leaving behind a string of afterimages. He had already rushed in front of Han Cang Yan.
Before this, Luo Zheng had secretly communicated with 9527, asking him to make a move and erase Emperor Han Qing's soul imprint …
After all, Han Cangyan was just a puppet. Once the soul imprint was erased, it would be like an ownerless magic treasure. Whether or not to transfer Han Cangyan's memory flame in the future would be another plan. After all, no one knew what Han Cangyan's position was.
But Luo Zheng had one or two brief contacts with Han Cangyan and knew that he was an upright person. He believed that he would stand by his two sisters' side.
The Taoist Connotation in Luo Zheng's body continued to merge and rushed toward the long sword.
The long sword in his hand contained the power of thunder, buzzing and buzzing, as if it could shatter at any time!
Han Cangyan's face darkened slightly. For the first time, he chose to retreat. But Luo Zheng's speed was too fast for Han Cangyan to dodge this sword.
In just a moment, the sword of Taoist Fusion slashed out again!
Another bright sun bloomed in front of Han Cangyan. The layer of black armor covering Han Cangyan was extremely thick. But after the explosion of Taoist Fusion energy, the huge force tore a crack in it.
"Now!" Luo Zheng said in his mind, but that was for 9527 to hear.
"Whoosh …"
9527 suddenly rushed out of Luo Zheng's chest and went straight to Han Cangyan's mind.
However, when it was halfway there, the blood jade necklace on Han Cangyan's chest suddenly flashed with a red light. Strands of faint red light were released and forcibly blocked 9527's path.
"Eh? This is Blood Soul Jade. How could such a rare thing appear in the Realm of the Gods? "
After all, 9527 was just an insignificant Divided Soul. Facing the Blood Soul Jade, it could not break through in a short time.
But the barrier created by the Blood Soul Jade had flaws after all. Given enough time, 9527 could also get through this barrier.
But the opportunity was only for a moment. Han Cangyan, who reacted, knew very well what it meant to activate the Blood Soul Jade.
With a thought, the cracked armor merged into one again. The huge wings on his back were like two huge scissors, slashing towards Luo Zheng from left and right.
"Phew …"
Luo Zheng had no choice but to distance himself from Emperor Hanqing. 9527 had no choice but to shrink back into Luo Zheng's chest.
"You can't break his soul treasure?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
"You have to give me time …" 9527 was a little dissatisfied. "Blood Soul Jade is a rare thing even in the Mother World. It's too good for soul secret arts."
"Time …"
A wry smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Time was too hard to buy.
Han Cangyan floated in the air again. Emperor Hanqing was relieved. If it were not for this necklace, Han Cangyan's soul imprint would have been erased.
"Some methods were not prepared for you," Han Cangyan continued. "After taking control of the Abyss Demonic Realm, I have been pondering its mysteries. Unfortunately, the ring did not give me any hints as to what this energy is or how to use it …"
Emperor Hanqing used Han Cangyan to understand the power of the Abyss Demonic Realm. After all, there was a barrier. Although he had taken control of the Abyss Demonic Realm, he could not fully utilize its power.
"Fortunately, during this period of time, I have a new understanding. In fact, the Abyss Demonic Realm is a forbidden area used to destroy the existence of the Divine Realm …"
As Han Cangyan spoke, he raised his hand.
A black aura surrounded his right hand and condensed. The chaotic aura quickly turned into a pure black hole, as if it could swallow all light.
At this moment, the entire Divine Realm was plunged into darkness.
The sun, which was so bright that it could not be looked at, was now a small dot. And this dot was getting smaller and smaller until it finally disappeared.
And the entire Divine Realm was plunged into darkness …

Chapter 2560
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Everyone was running wildly.
The entire Divine Realm was in a state of panic.
Darkness wasn't much of an obstacle for True Gods. If they couldn't see with their eyes, they could just use their divine sense.
But such darkness had never come before. No one knew what it meant …
"Is the end of the world coming?"
"Is the Divine Realm about to be destroyed?"
"How long will this darkness last? It won't last forever …"
Whether it was the True Gods in the remote mountain villages or the True Gods in the Central Divine City, they were all discussing in the darkness.
Luo Zheng couldn't see with his eyes either.
Even if he used the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil, it was still useless. Han Cangyan had actually deprived him of all light sources. If the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil wanted to see in the darkness, it still needed to rely on faint light.
The moment they fell into darkness, Luo Zheng released his divine sense.
Not only him, but Hua Tianming, Chen Huang Yijian, and many quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods also released their divine senses.
For a moment, waves of soul fluctuations came from all over the plain …
The black ball in his hand released a powerful aura.
This aura was very similar to the aura of the Divine Dao of Destruction, but it was countless times stronger …
In the darkness, Han Cangyan raised the black ball high and said faintly, "Let's end this …"
As soon as he said that, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Chen Huang Yijian felt the same aura of destruction coming from above their heads. With a sweep of their divine senses, they found a black ball floating above their heads.
"Dodge quickly!"
"Go!"
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian retreated quickly.
Luo Zheng lightly stepped on the ground with the tip of his foot and also retreated like a sharp arrow.
Whoosh …
One after another, black spears shot down from the sphere. When each spear came into contact with the ground, it immediately released a terrifying amount of energy, annihilating a large area.
As Luo Zheng continued to flee, the black spear rained down on him like a torrential downpour, and one area after another was annihilated …
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian were the same. They couldn't stop at all. The black ball above their heads completely followed their movements, continuously releasing black spears.
"His area of influence is limited. Let's split up!" Luo Zheng shouted in the darkness.
Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian understood tacitly and sped up. Chen Huang Yijian rushed toward the side of the valley.
"Escape? Haha … "
Han Cangyan stood quietly in the air with a hint of mockery on his face. With a slight movement of his mind, he immediately expanded the range to cover the entire plain, as well as the valley where everyone had come from.
.. The other quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods already knew that they couldn't participate in a battle.... and Luo Zheng...
But Han Cangyan's thoughts changed, and he also included them as targets of attack …
One by one, black balls appeared above these people's heads!
"What is this?!" Someone noticed the black ball above their head.
"Escape! That damned Han Han Han Han Cangyan.
. "" Does this guy want to kill everyone? "
The quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods panicked.
A Paragon True God's reaction was slightly slower, and the black spear that descended from the sphere had already pierced through his shoulder and pinned him to the ground. As the black spear melted, his entire body was annihilated.
Everyone realized the danger and began to flee in all directions.
Including Han Tianxiao and Clan Leader Qian Long.
"Whoosh, whoosh..
Han Tianxiao's face was also filled with grief and indignation. He quickly drew an arc across the plains, leaving the black spears behind him. When he got close to Han Cangyan, he roared with an aggrieved expression, "Han … Saint Emperor! Are you going to kill me too? "
An indifferent expression hung on Han Cang Yan's face. With a thought, the black ball of light above Han Tianxiao's head disappeared.
Emperor Han Qing didn't care about these people's lives, but Han Tianxiao was loyal to him. He wouldn't take his life.
Seeing Suo Ming's black ball disappear, Han Tianxiao let out a sigh of relief.
Screams came from afar. People were stabbed by the spears and died...
"Saint Emperor, are you going to kill everyone?" Han Tianxiao cupped his hands at Han Cangyan.
Before, Emperor Han Qing didn't want to talk about him controlling Han Cangyan. Now, he didn't care. Han Cangyan said, "If you kill all these people, no one will fight with you for the sainted position. Are you willing?"
Hearing that, Han Tianxiao's heart skipped a beat. His resentment of having almost died completely vanished. A flattering expression appeared on his face as he said, "Thank you, Saint King. If my Han family can produce another Saint, the Han family will naturally be able to reach a higher level."
Han Cangyan smiled faintly and did not comment on that.
After Emperor Han Qing saw the power of a Paramita Realm master, he didn't care about saints.
Pang Miao and the others said that saints were just true gods with a Spirit Lodging Ground. It was just that the Spirit Lodging Ground gave saints more power. Saints were much stronger than perfect true gods, but they still relied on the power of the Path of Gods.
The real strong in this world depended on the Paramita Realm...
"But Saint Emperor, these people are running around like rats. How can we kill them?" Han Tianxiao asked.
"Run? Didn't you notice? "Han Cangyan said.
Hearing this, Han Tianxiao spread his consciousness into the darkness. He felt that the plains were full of destruction.
Most of the spears shot out of the black ball didn't hit their targets. But after the spears melted, they were like drops of ink in clear water, spreading in all directions...
As time passed, the black energy would cover the entire plains.
When that time came, these people would have nowhere to run.
In fact, some people soon realized this.
Luo Zheng circled around the plains, and when he came back, he found that the spears behind him had all merged into the ground, emitting waves of destructive aura. These auras continued to spread downwards, and it wouldn't be long before the entire plains and valley were filled with them!
"Tianming, we can't go on like this..." Luo Zheng said with a voice transmission.
In the distance, Hua Tianming nodded. "Flying through the air can avoid the black energy on the ground. But once it fills up, Emperor Han Qing will definitely make a move. The people in Saint Mountain won't be able to escape."
"Before that, we have to stop him," Luo Zheng said as he ran. "Han Cangyan is wearing a soul treasure. If we can break it, I can let Han Cangyan escape from Emperor Han Qing's control."

Chapter 2561
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Downwind
"You just tore open his armor," Hua Tianming said.
"There was too little time and I didn't know he had that Soul Secret Treasure," Luo Zheng was quite confident in 9527's ability. There shouldn't be any Soul Secret Treasure that could block it. That Soul Secret Treasure must have been given by Xuan Yuan Wei, "I want to try again!"
If Han Cangyan were to be allowed to continue, everyone would have nowhere to run. Luo Zheng naturally wasn't willing to wait for death.
After saying that, Luo Zheng's figure floated gently, and two lightning wings suddenly unfurled on his back. Accompanied by a loud crackling sound, he sped forward. He had already locked onto Han Cangyan's position.
Hua Tianming saw and sped up his footsteps. He approached Han Cangyan from the other side.
"Saint King, Luo Zheng is coming …"
Han Tianxiao used his consciousness to identify a Perfect Real God who was approaching at high speed. Naturally, he could tell that it was Luo Zheng.
"He should have sensed it, heh …" Han Cangyan chuckled. He grabbed the black ball with one hand and formed a spear with the other. At the same time, the huge wings on his back also changed shape. The originally soft black wings turned into sharp blades. At the same time, he said, "Move aside a little."
Han Tianxiao heard and immediately distanced himself from Han Cangyan.
The abilities of the two people had exceeded the scope of a Sage. Under the influence, Han Tianxiao couldn't resist at all.
As Luo Zheng approached at high speed, the energy of Taoism was accumulating crazily. The long sword in his hand kept trembling and chirping …
Just as the distance between the two of them was getting closer, Luo Zheng waved his long arm.
"Ka!"
In the darkness, there was the sound of a long sword breaking.
However, before the longsword shattered, a powerful and violent sword light had already shot towards Han Cangyan.
"Good timing!"
Han Cangyan had seen Luo Zheng's sword before. This time, he was naturally prepared.
He suddenly shook the black spear, and black energy continued to condense on the tip of the spear. As he suddenly thrust forward, the spear and the body of the spear turned into a complete spear light and shot forward.
"Heaven Breaking Stab!"
"Zi …"
Emperor Hanqing himself was a spear expert, and his understanding of the spear had reached perfection.
The spear light was calculated with great precision and collided head-on with Luo Zheng's Sword of Dao Fusion.
As the two energies converged, the energy of the Dao Fusion bloomed once again!
Only, as the light in God's Domain had already disappeared, the collision between the two did not produce any light. Only a thunderous boom could be heard, as well as the shockwaves from the explosion …
A Perfect True God and a Quasi-sage who were slightly closer to each other were thrown to the ground by the shock wave. They did not manage to avoid the black spear that was descending from above their heads. After being pierced by the spear, they were quickly annihilated.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. After slashing out with his sword, he flipped his hand and took out another longsword from his spatial ring.
"Buzz …"
The second Dao-infused sword slashed out.
The longsword shattered and left his hand …
He took out another longsword and frantically extracted the Dao-infused energy from his body. The third slash!
Even Luo Zheng couldn't withstand three consecutive slashes.
Although Luo Zheng's Taoist connotation was abundant, the Dao-infused energy required the continuous convergence of more than two thousand Divine Daos to produce. The current speed of fusion was far from Luo Zheng's consumption speed.
Slashing out three Dao-infused swords consecutively was his limit.
Han Cangyan's face was filled with astonishment when he sensed the two sword lights coming straight at him.
He didn't expect that such powerful three slashes could arrive in an instant.
Luo Zheng's technique shouldn't have been taught to him by a Nirvana Realm expert. This energy was the fusion of many Divine Daos.
Only God knew how this kid did it …
Seeing that the sword lights were extremely close to him, it was too late for him to dodge. He suddenly flapped the wings behind his back and completely wrapped himself in them.
This time, he actually planned to take it head-on!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
The two sword auras collided with the pair of black wings.
The Dao-infused energy was still overbearing after all. After the Dao-infused energy in the first slash bloomed, the huge power directly opened the wings.
The second slash slashed at Han Cangyan's armor. The black armor that had recovered to its original state was torn apart again!
"This is the chance …"
In the darkness, Luo Zheng used his Divine Sense to sense a "hole" in Han Cangyan's body. The hole was within the range of the blood jade necklace. This blood jade necklace was a soul magic treasure. Not only could it avoid soul attacks, but it could also tear apart the probing Divine Sense of others.
Luo Zheng quickly approached and took out the fourth sword. Just as Luo Zheng stabbed the long spear into the hole, 9527 in his head suddenly warned, "Be careful, Luo Zheng. That's a trap!"
Luo Zheng was shocked. Almost reflexively, he turned over and felt an extremely powerful aura brush past him.
"Cunning boy …" Han Cangyan's unwilling voice came from the darkness.
Originally, when Luo Zheng tore apart Han Cangyan's armor, Han Cangyan took off the blood jade necklace.
This blood jade necklace could cover a certain range. In addition, Luo Zheng could only rely on his Divine Sense to perceive in the darkness. He could not see anything at all. Therefore, his sword pierced through the "hole" perceived in his Divine Sense.
Under the temptation of Han Cangyan, there was naturally a big deviation.
And Han Cangyan took the opportunity to stab Luo Zheng from the other side with the long black spear.
This method misled Luo Zheng and was extremely insidious. If it were not for 9527's warning, Luo Zheng would have been cut open by this spear …
Although Luo Zheng avoided the spear, he had fallen into a passive position. Han Cangyan put the blood jade necklace back on. The broken armor was reformed again. The pair of broken wings grew back. He began to attack Luo Zheng crazily, who had fallen into a passive position.
The black wings trembled slightly, and sharp blade-like feathers shot wildly at Luo Zheng.
Not only that, Luo Zheng also needed to avoid the spear that kept falling on his head. There was also the light of the spear that came from Han Cangyan.
Even though Luo Zheng operated the True Meaning of Nature and pushed the Eight Winding Smoke Flying to the limit, he was still in danger!
"Puff!"
A feather brushed past Luo Zheng's back, immediately rubbing a deep groove on his back. Even with the strength of Luo Zheng's body, he could not resist this black energy.
As the pain came from his back, he felt a slight chill on his shoulder. This time, his shoulder was pierced by a long spear …
This was troublesome. Luo Zheng's heart sank. He could not get rid of Han Cangyan's entanglement.

Chapter 2562
CHAPTER 2562 - CHAPTER 2562
Dedication
"Swoosh!"
In the darkness, Han Cangyan's wings flapped again.
Countless blade-like feathers swept toward Luo Zheng's head.
"Puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng's body shook slightly in the air and he let out a muffled groan.
This time, four feathers hit Luo Zheng. Three of them brushed past his shoulders and legs, and the other feather pierced through his chest.
Hearing Luo Zheng's groan, Chen Huang Yijian and Hua Tianming's faces sank.
"If this continues, Luo Zheng might not be able to hold on!" Chen Huang Yijian said to Hua Tianming via Quintessential Essence.
He and Hua Tianming had only entered the Saint Mountain to win the position of a Saint. It was far less important than Luo Zheng.
After Chen Huang Yijian finished speaking, his figure rushed forward. As he dodged the spear descending from above, he slashed with his sword, which immediately turned into a sword net that enveloped Han Cangyan.
"Da da da da da …"
However, his sword net could not cut through Han Cangyan's armor. Han Cangyan ignored Chen Huang Yijian and only chased after Luo Zheng.
"Your method is useless!"
Hua Tianming closed his eyes and felt every movement in the darkness.
"What can we do? This is not the Abyss Demon Realm! "Chen Huang Yijian replied anxiously.
In the Abyss Demon Realm, he could still use the Primordial Terror Power. However, he did not understand that even if Lingshu lent all the Primordial Terror Power to Chen Huang Yijian, it was still impossible to break through Han Cangyan's armor!
"This girl's ice flower is also unable to transform the black energy. If this continues, Luo Zheng will definitely die …" Hua Tianming's heart also became restless.
Another muffled sound came from the darkness. Hua Tianming could sense blood spurting out of Luo Zheng's body through his Divine Sense.
"There's no other way. Let's stall that guy together and think of a way to let Luo Zheng escape from Han Cangyan's entanglement," Chen Huang Yijian said.
"No," Hua Tianming refused.
"What?" Chen Huang Yijian was slightly stunned. He did not know what Hua Tianming meant.
Coming out of the Abyss Demon Realm safely, his target Dongfang Chunjun was also dead, and he even obtained an incredible faith treasure. Hua Tianming felt that this ending was not bad. At least he could live peacefully with Dongfang Yingqing.
But seeing Luo Zheng in desperate situation, Hua Tianming suddenly understood that his mission had not ended, but had just been delayed.
His hand that held the Soaring Serpent Sword trembled slightly. Even though he maintained his composure, small beads of sweat still seeped out.
"Luo Zheng …" He suddenly said with a true essence sound transmission, "That reincarnation soul tool, can it really allow someone to reincarnate?"
Luo Zheng was being forced into a panic by Han Cangyan. At this moment, he was using all of his skills. Even 9527 warned Luo Zheng that he had to keep a distance from Han Cangyan. Otherwise, even with his powerful body, he would be exhausted to death by Han Cangyan!
"The Reincarnation Soul Tool can indeed let you be reincarnated and have your own memories, but your cultivation cannot be brought into the cycle of reincarnation. You have to start all over again … What do you mean by this?" Luo Zheng explained with Luo Zheng Chunjun's Luo Zheng Chunjun's Luo Zheng Chunjun's Luo Zheng Chunjun suddenly realized this problem.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Hua Tianming suddenly smiled, "That's good … Remember to take care of Yingqing for me. I hope this is not the last time we say goodbye."
"You …" Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard this.
At that moment, Hua Tianming raised the Soaring Serpent Sword high in the air.
The edge of Tengshe's Sword suddenly began to flash with light!
In the originally dark valley, a bright sword light suddenly appeared and cut through the darkness. It was like a candle suddenly lit in the dark night. Even if it was small, it could instantly attract everyone's attention!
"What kind of method is that?"
"That guy can actually break through the darkness?"
"What a unique aura …"
Some people who were exhausted from running turned their heads and looked at this wisp of sword light with strange expressions.
Even Han Cangyan's attack slowed down slightly. His face was full of astonishment. He turned his head and stared at the sword light, his eyes wide open, "How is this possible!"
The light continued to grow, extending from the sword tip to the sword hilt, and then extended to Hua Tianming's arm.
Under the influence of this light, Hua Tianming's arm turned to stone, and so did his entire body.
In the entire divine territory, there were over three hundred thousand Ten Commandments Stone Tablets, fifty thousand Hundred Commandments Stone Tablets, eight thousand Thousand Commandments Stone Tablets, and one Control Stone Tablet. Although these stone tablets were isolated from each other, they were actually a super large formation, and also one of the foundations of the divine territory.
No one could shake the foundations of the divine territory. Saints could not, and neither could ordinary Nirvana Realm experts.
However, Hua Tianming was an exception. He had inherited a part of Chiyou's legacy, and used the ability bestowed by Tengshe to devour the stone tablets.
All these years, he had only devoured over three hundred stone tablets, and that was already his limit. The power of the rules contained in the stone tablets was too strong, and he could not bear it at all.
This kind of power did not seem to be advocated by Chiyou. The price to pay for releasing this power was to sacrifice one's own life. Therefore, from the moment he devoured the first stone tablet, he was destined to walk on a path of no return.
"Weng …"
As the sword light in his hand became more and more intense, it suddenly turned into a small sun, illuminating the entire plain.
The Sword of Tengshe kept extracting Hua Tianming's life force. His shoulders, chest, neck, and even his dantian had all turned into stone.
At this moment, the position of the sword and the person had changed hands. The Sword of Tengshe seemed to have come alive, exuding a vigorous life force. Meanwhile, Hua Tianming had sacrificed himself to the Sword of Tengshe. His own life force was constantly declining, and he gradually turned into a cold stone statue.
"Tianming!" Luo Zheng's eyes widened. He suddenly realized that the price of this sword might very well be Hua Tianming's life.
He also remembered why his father insisted on letting Hua Tianming follow him to the Saint Mountain! Perhaps Luo Xiao did not want to let Hua Tianming be conferred as a Saint, but only expected that there would be such a calamity in the Saint Mountain?
"Whoosh!"
The stone statue that Hua Tianming had transformed into parried the sword.
Under the forceful swing of the sword, the entire joint let out a crisp sound, and the right arm was directly twisted off. The stone statue that had lost its right arm immediately fell from mid-air.
"Ka Ka Ka Ka …"
The black ball that was originally suspended above Hua Tianming's head shot out black spears, piercing through the stone statue's body. Then, the black energy quickly annihilated the stone statue's body.
The golden light that was like the sun went straight for Han Cangyan.
Seeing this scene, Han Cangyan's expression was extremely solemn.
Although he was extremely confident in the power of the Abyss Demonic Realm, the golden light in front of him had broken through his own limits, breaking through the darkness!

Chapter 2563
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Sword Sacrifice
With a wave of Han Cangyan's hand, a shallow vortex suddenly appeared in the black ball in his right hand.
He kept extracting the power of the Abyss Demon Realm, and the plain that was originally illuminated by the sword light quickly began to darken …
But Han Cangyan understood that he was only suppressing the light, and the power of the sword light was not restricted at all.
"Swoosh!"
With a gentle push of his right hand, the energy in the black ball surged out wildly. The energy was like countless small black snakes entangled together, and went straight for the sword light.
In Han Cangyan's opinion, even if Hua Tianming's sword was extremely powerful, it would be exhausted by the black energy.
But at the moment when the black energy and the sword light met, a strange scene appeared.
The golden sword light suddenly melted, and continued to extend under the black energy. The golden light turned into a spiderweb, and directly wrapped the black energy in a layer, and spread toward Han Cangyan at an incredible speed.
By the time Han Cangyan reacted, the golden energy had spread all over his body, and the golden light was like a woven net that enveloped him.
And the black energy in the net was completely solidified, and was no longer under Han Cangyan's control!
"Ka …"
"Ka ka ka ka …"
"No!"
Han Cangyan let out a roar.
At the same time, outside the Saint Mountain, Emperor Han Qing also let out a similar roar. "Impossible! I control the Abyss Demon Realm, how could it be broken so easily, a mere Perfection … "
The black armor connected to Han Cangyan's wings shattered at this moment, revealing Han Cangyan's body, whose face was full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate at this moment, and while flipping out a long sword, he had already rushed toward Han Cangyan.
"Whoosh!"
With a flash of the sword light, the blood jade necklace on Han Cangyan's chest broke.
This blood jade necklace was only a soul magic treasure, and although it was given by the Xuanyuan Guard, it was still unable to withstand Luo Zheng's sword.
"Now, quickly!"
Before Luo Zheng's voice fell, 9527 had already burrowed into Han Cangyan's mind.
Behind Han Cangyan's soul, there was a small bug lying on it. This bug was a fragment of Emperor Han Qing's soul.
This was the third time Emperor Han Qing had encountered 9527's soul. The first two times, he felt that it was a pity, after all, that Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were not so important, but Han Cangyan was different!
Emperor Han Qing's Art's current, Emperor Han Qing's Emperor Han Qing's Art, and his power that was enough to challenge the Nirvana Realm. Emperor Han Qing's Emperor's power. Emperor Han Cangyan's was.
"No! How dare you break my seal! Let me go! I …" Emperor Hanqing's sub-soul roared.
9527, why would 9527? In 9527 ', the Saint''s Saint.
"Om …"
Luo Zheng Yu ''s Dragon''s Lu's Chas's Nai,,,, Luo's's Fang's' ''s head's Nangyan''s''s, he's Han.
Before Han Cangyan landed on the ground, Luo Zheng gently tugged and placed Han Cangyan's ownerless body in a small world.
"Om … Pop …"
At the same time that Han Cangyan lost consciousness, the black ball floating above everyone's head in the Saint Mountain also quickly exploded and disappeared.
The darkness that had shrouded the Realm of the Gods receded, and light returned.
Outside the Saint's Mountain …
Emperor Hanqing stared blankly at the silver mountain in front of him.
With his intelligence, he knew very well what this meant. Losing Han Cangyan meant that he had lost everything.
"Om …"
Pang Miao stepped out of the void. "Emperor Han Qing, how's the battle going? Did you kill Luo Zheng and the others? "
Emperor Han Qing stared blankly at Pang Miao. "My Soul Brand … was erased by Luo Zheng …"
Pang Miao's face darkened. "Didn't I give you a Blood Jade Necklace? How could it have been erased? "
"Someone else broke through Han Cangyan's defense. Luo Zheng broke the necklace." Emperor Han Qing said weakly.
Pang Miao's eyebrows twitched. "Boom!" He threw a punch at Emperor Han Qing.
Emperor Hanqing was smashed into the ground, creating a huge crater. Pang Miao's cold voice rang out, "Trash like you, what use do we have for you?"
The Xuan Yuan Wei and Emperor Han Qing were just using each other.
When Emperor Han Qing released the Xuan Yuan Wei, in theory Emperor Han Qing was no longer useful.
However, Emperor Han Qing controlled Han Cangyan and relied on the power of the Abyss. This was why the Xuan Yuan Wei continued to support Emperor Han Qing.
Now that Emperor Han Cangyan had been taken away by Luo Zheng, he was trash in Pang Miao's eyes.
…
…
Inside the Saint Mountain.
Chen Huang's Yi Sword was floating in the air. His eyes fell on an arm not far away.
The arm was still holding onto Tengshe's Sword. However, the entire arm was grey and had turned to stone. It was Hua Tianming's right arm.
His body had been destroyed by the black energy. This stone arm was his only remaining limb.
Not far away, some quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods were staring at the long sword. Their eyes revealed a hint of greed.
This long sword was definitely not an ordinary item …
However, no one dared to rush forward and snatch it away.
This was because Luo Zheng was floating over.
The battle between him and Han Cangyan had already intimidated everyone present.
The power displayed by these two Perfect True Gods had completely surpassed that of a Saint. They were not existences they could contend against.
"Clack, clack …"
Luo Zheng landed on the ground and picked up the stone arm and Tengshe's Sword. Even now, Hua Tianming's hand was still firmly holding onto the sword hilt.
"My father is a little selfish," Luo Zheng murmured. When Luo Xiao handed Hua Tianming the Sword Tengshe, he had probably expected this day. This was equivalent to asking Hua Tianming to sacrifice himself.
"With your talent, even if you start all over again, it will only take a few decades. However, I will never let you truly die," Luo Zheng continued.
Then, he gently pulled the Sword Tengshe out of Hua Tianming's hand and put the arm into the Sumeru Ring. He looked at everyone with a calm gaze and said with a faint smile, "I know what those Xuan Yuan Guards promised you …"
"Buzz!"
The Sword Tengshe in Luo Zheng's hand trembled slightly and emitted a pleasant sound. Then, Luo Zheng said in an indifferent voice, "However, Brother Tianming will not die in vain. Previously, 11 people attacked Brother Tianming. These 11 people should come out and sacrifice themselves to the sword and die."
Hearing this, many people's hearts trembled slightly.
In fact, when this group of people had just rushed into the Saint Mountain, most of them wanted to kill Luo Zheng and the other two.

Chapter 2564
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Holy Spring
Although Hua Tianming's death had nothing to do with these people, Luo Zheng didn't intend to let them off this time.
Since they had chosen his side, they had to pay the price.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, a pair of lightning wings suddenly spread out on his back and shot toward the nearest person.
"Let's go!"
Eleven people jumped out from the crowd and ran toward the valley.
These people were full of regret. They had been tricked by Pang Miao. Luo Zheng was so powerful. If they were to attack these three people, they would simply be courting death!
There was no use in regretting it now.
The young quasi-sage at the back had only traveled a distance of thirty meters when he felt a burning sensation coming from above his head. A thin red lotus was already sweeping toward him.
"Spirit Gathering Shield!"
The young quasi-sage stretched out his hand and a huge green shield appeared above his head.
This huge shield had almost consumed his lifetime's worth of Dao Accumulation. He reckoned that he would be able to block even an all-out attack from a Sage.
Unfortunately, he had encountered Luo Zheng.
The moment the red lotus touched the huge shield, the energy of the huge green shield was converted. The huge shield turned into a red lotus and enveloped him.
"Feng!"
This young quasi-sage was burned to ashes in the blink of an eye.
The other ten people's expressions were extremely unsightly when they saw this scene.
That young quasi-sage was a quasi-sage from the first-tier Han Family. He was a top-notch existence among the quasi-sages outside of the wealthy and powerful families.
Even so, he couldn't resist Luo Zheng in the slightest. How could the others not be slaughtered?
After killing this young quasi-sage, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. He flapped his lightning wings and flew toward his next target.
When the second quasi-sage saw Luo Zheng rushing toward him, he was scared out of his wits and shouted, "I don't know anything! I don't have any evil intentions …"
"You don't have any evil intentions now, but you didn't think so when you attacked us," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
As the red lotus swept out, this secondary saint was also incinerated completely.
When the remaining nine people saw this scene, their hearts sank. One of the old men gritted his teeth and said, "There's no way we can leave this place alive. Everyone, let's attack together and fight it out with him!"
Most of these quasi-saints were quick-witted people. The distance to this valley was endless. With Luo Zheng's killing speed, they would be completely wiped out before they could escape to the end of the valley. Since they were going to die anyway, they might as well give it their all.
The nine secondary saints abruptly stopped in their tracks. Under the pressure of fear, all of them burst forth with astonishing power, bringing out all of their Dao accumulations and strongest techniques.
If they worked together, even a Saint would find it difficult to deal with them.
If a Sage who had experienced the battle in the Abyss Demon Domain was present, he would definitely shake his head upon seeing this scene. Such a joint attack might be useful against others, but it was useless against Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming …
"Swish swish …"
"Rumble …"
Bolts of lightning and ice spears converged together and shot toward Luo Zheng.
All kinds of magical powers evolved their Dao accumulations to the extreme. However, before these magical powers could get close to Luo Zheng, they were transformed into red lotuses!
Without establishing a connection with Hua Tianming, joining forces to attack was indeed a way out. The energy that the red-eyed girl could absorb and transform was also limited. However, it was impossible for a mere nine secondary saints to surpass the limit of the red-eyed girl.
"Hualala …"
All the magical powers that attacked Luo Zheng were transformed mercilessly, ultimately converging into hundreds and thousands of red lotuses. As Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently pushed, all the red lotuses rushed along the valley. The secondary saints blocking the red lotuses turned into ashes in the blink of an eye.
When the others on the plain saw Luo Zheng return, all of them remained silent.
Many of them had also wanted to make a move. Now, they were naturally secretly rejoicing that they didn't provoke Luo Zheng.
After returning to the plain, Luo Zheng's gaze finally fell on Smiling Sky.
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, Smiling Sky's body suddenly trembled.
He was originally a member of Han Jia and also had grievances with Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng had no difficulty in killing him.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would only look at him indifferently without saying anything.
Smiling Sky had just let out a sigh of relief when Luo Zheng's voice sounded, "I'm only sparing you on account of Han Biluo. If you can see the situation clearly, you should take Biluo and leave Han Jia after leaving Saint Mountain."
Smiling Sky didn't think too much at first. After hearing Luo Zheng's words, he thought carefully and quickly understood.
When Emperor Han Qing was no longer of any use to them, the Han Clan would face a calamity.
Luo Zheng didn't speak anymore. He just silently watched the plain in front of him, still thinking about Hua Tianming's reincarnation.
For a secondary life form like Hua Tianming, the memories in the God Domain were incomplete.
The memories in the Great Yan Universe couldn't be inspected after passing through the memories. He could only see the memories of Hua Tianming entering the God Domain.
If Hua Tianming reincarnated, this memory would definitely be lost.
His father was the Great Yan Universe's Master. With his control of the Great Yan Universe, would he be able to obtain this memory?
At least for now, Luo Zheng couldn't do this to the life forms in his inner world. Luo Zheng could easily know what happened in his inner world at any time and place, but he couldn't extract their memories.
However, his inner world wasn't as complete as the universe. He hoped his father could do this and give Hua Tianming a complete memory.
While he was thinking, Chen Huang Yijian stepped forward and stared into the distance. "The plain has changed."
Luo Zheng looked into the distance and saw traces of silver light rising from the surface of the plain. A vast amount of silver light was emitted from the silver light. Suddenly, several silver ribbons shot up into the sky from the depths of the plain, like silver fountains.
"The holy springs have appeared!"
"There are actually five holy springs this time!"
"How can there be so many!"
The quasi saints and perfect true gods were still calculating their chances of becoming saints.
Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian weren't existences they could provoke. If only one or two holy springs appeared, they wouldn't have a chance because they couldn't compete with Luo Zheng.
But they never thought that there would be five holy springs in the Saint Mountain.
Each holy spring represented a chance to become a saint, and Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian were only two people. They could still fight for the remaining holy springs, which meant three saint positions.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng's body lightly jumped and flew towards one of the holy springs. Chen Huang Yijian nodded and chose another holy spring that was slightly further away.

Chapter 2565
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Fight
Every time the Saint Mountain descended, it would be a great calamity for the Quasi-sages and Perfected True Gods.
In order to fight for the Holy Spring, everyone would give it their all!
Those who could cultivate to Perfected True Gods were all God's favored children. They only needed to take one more step to stand at the peak of this world. Such an attraction was fatal to them.
As Luo Zheng flew, the Holy Spring was getting closer and closer to him.
"Hualala …"
The water spurted out from the spring was bright silver like mercury. However, mercury was extremely viscous while the silver spring water flowed very happily.
The silver spring water flowed along the ground. As the center of the spring was relatively low, it quickly turned into a silver pool.
Luo Zheng walked over confidently. When he was a hundred feet away from the Holy Spring, the surface of the pool suddenly fluctuated.
"Gurgle …"
The silver pool began to bubble.
After a short while, a silver head popped out from the pool, followed by the neck, body, and legs.
It was a complete "person," but the entire person was still formed by the spring water!
When this person left the pool, he had already taken a step forward and charged toward Luo Zheng.
"Is this the test of the Holy Spring?" Luo Zheng's expression was calm.
If one wanted to occupy the Holy Spring, not only would they have to face the competition of others, but the Holy Spring itself would also launch an attack.
Seeing this silver person charging toward him, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He flicked his finger gently, and a red lotus bloomed on his fingertip. Soon after, it swept toward the silver person.
If this "silver person" was also formed by energy, it should be easily transformed by the red lotus.
"Da …"
The red lotus wrapped around the silver person, but the silver person didn't have much reaction. He only stretched out his shining silver hand and tore the red lotus apart.
"Can't be transformed?"
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes slightly. It seemed like the energy that formed this silver person should have come from the Saint Mountain itself.
The Saint Mountain had been here for countless years. Be it Saints or Nirvana Realm experts, there was a reason why they couldn't enter. Either the Saint Mountain contained an indestructible treasure, or the Saint Mountain itself was an extremely powerful treasure.
As Luo Zheng was thinking, the silver person jumped up and charged toward him with a punch.
"Phew …"
The speed of this punch was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. The space around the fist even showed signs of fragmentation.
Seeing this shining silver fist, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he met it head-on with a punch!
As the nine stars in his body flickered, he extracted most of the energy in his body.
Bang!
Under this bombardment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a strange light, and then he was sent flying backwards.
In a contest of pure strength, he was actually at a disadvantage!
However, Luo Zheng's fist also glowed with a layer of golden light due to the impact.
This golden light was suffused with a profound True Dao intent. Even 952.7 didn't know the origin of this True Dao intent. Although Luo Zheng was sent flying, when the golden light wrapped around the silver man's body, it was like a high-speed slashing sharp sword, instantly slicing the silver man into pieces!
"Hua la!"
After the silver man was cut into pieces, it immediately turned into a silver stream of water and gathered in the pool.
Luo Zheng stabilized his body in the air and squeezed his somewhat sore fist.
Of course, when he approached again, two more silver men climbed out of the pool. This time, the two silver men were much more burly, and the surface of their bodies was inlaid with a layer of armor.
Just like the last Silver Man, they charged at Luo Zheng without any explanation.
On the other side, Chen Huang Yijian's face was full of caution.
Even if there was no competition, it would not be easy to get this Holy Spring.
Like Luo Zheng, when he approached the Holy Spring, a silver man climbed out of the pool below the Holy Spring. However, this silver man was holding a silver long sword in his hand.
This silver man was not as strong as the one Luo Zheng encountered, but it had extremely good swordsmanship.
Hum!
This silver man gently flicked the silver long sword, and a silver sword light turned into a fine net, enveloping Chen Huang Yijian's head.
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
Chen Huang Yijian's eyes narrowed slightly, and his eyes dimmed. As the long sword slashed down in the air, a sword net also covered over.
The two sword nets intersected and cut each other.
The originally orderly sword net was suddenly cut apart, turning into messy sword silks.
Seeing this, Chen Huang Yijian's expression changed slightly. These messy sword silks had no pattern and were even more difficult to dodge.
He turned over and tried to dodge through the gaps between the sword silks, but there was still a sword silk that cut through his body, leaving a slender wound on his abdomen.
But the silver man wielding the sword was even more miserable. He was directly cut by several sword silks, and half of his head rolled into the silver pool, and his entire body gradually melted.
However, before Chen Huang Yijian could breathe a sigh of relief, two more silver men holding swords appeared in the pool …
The situation around the other three Holy Springs was much more tragic!
When everyone approached the Holy Spring, the number of silver men they faced was constant.
If ten Quasi-sages approached a Holy Spring, ten silver men would come out of the Holy Spring correspondingly.
If it was only like this, it would still be fine. But the Quasi-sages and Paragons around the Holy Spring would still attack each other in order to fight for the Holy Spring!
Boom!
"Iron Ghost! Today, you will lend me a helping hand! If I, Meng Tuo, can become a Saint, I will definitely not forget your Iron Family's kindness! " A middle-aged man exuded a cold aura. In front of him stood a huge ice wall, and on the other side of the ice wall, there were countless icicles flying over. These icicles were released by the Silver Men.
Not far away, a burly man sneered. "Why don't you, Meng Tuo, help me become a Saint and let me take care of your Iron Family?"
Becoming a Saint meant becoming immortal and leading one's family to become a wealthy family. This was the ultimate goal that most powerhouses in the Divine Realm pursued. Who would give it up so easily?
"No need to fight. The two of you can die together. This Holy Spring belongs to me, Qin Lin!" Qin Lin was a Quasi-sage of the Qin Family.
A Quasi-sage of a wealthy family was more powerful than an ordinary Quasi-sage, so his words were naturally more domineering.
Iron Ghost and Meng Tuo's expressions changed, and they quickly came to a consensus. They gave up approaching the Holy Spring and turned to attack the Qin Family's Quasi-sage.
Around the three Holy Springs, this kind of battle was repeated repeatedly.
Some people were attacked from several sides and directly died. Some people were injured and had no choice but to retreat to the side temporarily. After healing their injuries, they rushed back into the chaotic battle group again.
Just as the Saint Mountain was fighting for the Holy Spring, a flying boat rushed out of the huge mass of chaos clouds at an extremely fast speed.
Without the mass of chaos clouds blocking, Wei Xian and the rest's vision instantly widened.
"We finally got out of that mess," Wei Xian sighed.
"There's something ahead," Lu Jia reported.

Chapter 2566
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Bathing in the Holy Spring
In the eyes of the Xuanyuan Guards, the vast Divine Realm was just a little bigger than a grain of sand. However, it was still very dazzling in the Chaos with a grayish-brown background.
"An exquisite and beautiful world," Lu Jia exclaimed as he stared at the Divine Realm.
Wei Xian snorted. "A world created by Chi You's lifelong efforts is naturally not ordinary."
"With the speed of the Lingxiao Flying Ship, it will probably take about five days to get close." Another person estimated the approximate distance.
The distance in the Chaos was shockingly large.
Although they could see the Divine Realm with their eyesight, it would still take some time to cross this distance.
"Everyone, get ready. We will have a fierce battle in five days," Wei Xian said indifferently. "How many divine crystals are left in the Lingxiao Flying Ship?"
Lu Jia immediately reported, "There are 300 divine crystals left. These are enough for us to return."
"Use these divine crystals and use the Moonlight Massacre," Wei Xian instructed.
Hearing this, the Xuanyuan Guards looked at each other. Lu Jia quickly said, "If we use up all the divine crystals, won't we be unable to return? Also, those Nirvana Realm experts don't need to use the Moonlight Massacre, right? "
Wei Xian shook his head slightly. "It's better to be prepared. I have a feeling that it won't be so simple this time. Do as I say. If we can occupy the Divine Realm, we can use it to return."
In fact, they could also return to their mother world without the Lingxiao Flying Ship. However, it would take a long time.
…
…
In the Saint Mountain …
Luo Zheng rushed toward the silver pool again.
This time, the number of people who emerged from the pool had reached 10.
These 10 silver people were extremely powerful, but they were unable to cause any substantial damage to Luo Zheng.
The golden light that rebounded from Luo Zheng's body tore these silver people into pieces again.
After several games, Luo Zheng also realized that the silver people that appeared in the Holy Spring used the same method as the attackers.
For example, Chen Huangyi used a sword. These silver people also used swords. Moreover, they used the same Divine Dao as Chen Huangyi.
Luo Zheng used his fists to fight from beginning to end. These silver people only used brute force to deal with them.
The other Quasi-sages and Perfected True Gods were also aware of this. However, when they faced these silver men, they still used their strongest unique skills without any hesitation.
The reason was simple. They didn't have a body as strong as Luo Zheng's.
If it was purely a contest of fist strength, the bodies of these secondary saints and Great Perfection Sovereigns would probably be smashed into smithereens when facing several silver men at the same time.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng could easily shatter these silver men just by relying on the golden light that contained the True Meaning of Dao on the surface of his body. On the other hand, the silver men couldn't use the True Meaning of Dao produced by Luo Zheng's physical body.
Naturally, Luo Zheng felt very relaxed when he used such a method.
Luo Zheng cleverly chose not to use his sword. These silver men were unable to use Luo Zheng's True Meaning of Dao, but that didn't mean that they couldn't use the Dao Fusion Divine Ability. After all, the Three Thousand Divine Daos were concrete things that existed in the Divine Realm.
If by any chance he wielded the Sword of Tengshe and used the Dao Fusion Divine Ability against dozens of Silver Men, then it would be troublesome. Even Luo Zheng would not be able to withstand the backlash of the Dao Fusion energy.
He charged into the silver pool again and again and was sent flying again and again. The silver men were defeated again and again.
Every time they were defeated, the number of silver men would increase by one. When the number of silver men reached 30, Luo Zheng defeated them again. The silver pool finally quieted down and could no longer condense into silver men in human form.
"That's it." Luo Zheng clapped his hands and walked over.
In the center of this shallow silver pool, silver spring water was still gushing out.
According to them, one only needed to bathe in the silver Holy Spring.
Luo Zheng waded through the silver pool and headed straight for the Holy Spring that was gushing out non-stop.
Not far away, a few Great Perfection True Gods had left the battle group. These Great Perfection True Gods were either missing an arm, a broken leg, or severely injured. Their auras were all declining, and they looked at the Holy Spring in front of them with reluctance.
They were too weak. When they attacked the Holy Spring, not only did they have to face those powerful silver men, but they also had to face the sneak attacks of some secondary saints.
If they weren't careful, they would end up dead!
"Pfff!"
At this moment, on one side of the Holy Spring, a secondary saint was fighting against three silver men with all his strength. Suddenly, an ice-cold chill came from his back.
A flawless white ice sword directly chopped off the head of this secondary saint!
When the secondary saint's head flew into the sky, the ice sword emitted a trace of cold light. After hitting the secondary saint's head, a fist gently smashed the head, and the entire head instantly turned into shattered ice.
The one who attacked was the Leng family's Great Perfection True God, Leng Song!
Leng Song wasn't very famous on the floating island, but his strength was extremely outstanding. Previously, when the Wealthy Family Alliance was fighting in the Abyss Devil Region, he went to the north of the Divine Region alone and killed his way into the second-grade forbidden area, Cold Dream Icefield. The ice sword in his hand was a second-grade faith supreme treasure!
"That Leng Song killed another person …"
"He has already killed nine people!"
"It's so easy for a Great Perfection True God to kill a secondary saint. This Leng Song is too ruthless!"
"Isn't it normal? Who dares to provoke those two fellows who monopolize the Holy Spring? "
That person was talking about Luo Zheng and Chen Huang's Yijian.
Those people who retreated couldn't help but sigh.
Although becoming a saint was their ultimate dream, no one wanted to give up their lives in vain when their strength wasn't enough.
After Leng Song killed this secondary saint, his figure silently rushed toward another secondary saint like a ghost. That was Patriarch Qianlong.
Patriarch Qianlong was on the other side of the Holy Spring. His body was nurtured with five-colored mystic light as he steadily advanced toward the Holy Spring.
He was now facing six Silver Men, which was a relatively fast progress.
The moment Leng Song rushed over, he felt a trace of coldness!
Patriarch Qianlong was someone who had experienced the Abyss Devil Region. His vigilance was far stronger than ordinary secondary saints. The moment he felt this coldness, his figure suddenly shrank.
That ice sword almost grazed his scalp!
Leng Song's sword didn't hit Patriarch Qianlong. His eyes revealed a trace of surprise, and he didn't hesitate to slash again.
However, Patriarch Qianlong had already floated back a step in advance. He dodged Leng Song's second sword and quickly distanced himself from the Holy Spring.
Leng Song didn't chase after him. His goal was to kill all the competitors so that he could leisurely bathe in the Holy Spring.
Patriarch Qianlong retreated 300 meters away. Looking at this scene, a trace of a bitter smile appeared on his face. These rich people were too overbearing …
At this moment, Patriarch Qianlong suddenly heard a cry of surprise from not far away.
"Look! That Luo Zheng's movements are so fast. He has already started bathing in the Holy Spring! "
"Another Saint is about to be born …"
"Nonsense! His strength originally surpassed that of a Saint! His title as a Saint is well deserved! "
Those people's eyes were mostly filled with envy and jealousy.

Chapter 2567
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Step aside
Luo Zheng stood at the mouth of the Holy Spring.
The silver spring water soaked his body gently.
His attention was not on the spring water itself, but on why did Chi You set up such a test?
If the Xuan Yuan Wei did not kill the Li Tribe people, would the Li Tribe people also have to go through such a slaughter to become a Saint?
After all, those who could reach the Great Perfection were useful even in the Li Tribe. After all, they represented the hope of the future …
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, Luo Zheng patted his head and realized that he had made a big mistake.
If the Li Tribe people were still here, they would be a whole. Naturally, there would not be so many people who could enter the Saint Mountain, and there would not be such a cruel fight. The Holy Spring was just a test.
"Hualala …"
Luo Zheng continued to soak in the Holy Spring, but he soon realized that something was wrong.
Before entering the Saint Mountain, Luo Xiao had told him that he only needed to occupy the Holy Spring, which was not difficult for him.
After bathing in the Holy Spring, a portion of the Holy Spring would enter his Dantian and merge with his Inner World.
But how could the Holy Spring enter his body now? It was like ordinary spring water, soaking his body and sliding down his skin. This was not much different from bathing.
"The Holy Spring cannot enter my body? What's going on? " Luo Zheng looked surprised and asked, "9527, do you know what's going on?"
9527 observed for a while and said lightly, "The essence of the Place of Spirit Lodging is to connect your life to the Place of Spirit Lodging. This so-called Holy Spring is just a means of Spirit Lodging. It cannot be compatible with you, which means that you are rejected and cannot be Spirit Lodging."
This explanation was easy to understand, but Luo Zheng said helplessly, "There has to be a reason!"
9527 thought for a while and shook his head, "Who knows what reason there can be? Does it count if he doesn't like you?"
What kind of reason was this? Luo Zheng curled his lips and looked unwilling.
If his father could create the Universe of Great Expansion, could he not create the Universe of Great Conquest?
Thinking of this, he sat down cross-legged and reached out his hand to guide the Holy Spring to his abdomen. He wanted to force the Holy Spring into his Inner World.
But when the silver spring water came into contact with his dantian, it was naturally repelled outside of his dantian!
It was as if Luo Zheng's Inner World and Holy Spring were rejected.
"How can this be?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"There's nothing to be regretful about. Although the Soul Lodging Ground can give you a chance to be reborn, there are actually some costs and restrictions. I'm more interested in the nascent will of the Saint Mountain," 9527 said calmly.
Whether it was 9527 or those Nirvana Realm powerhouses, they seemed to be disdainful of the Soul Lodging Grounds.
Despite 9527 That, Luo Zheng Despite that, he, Luo Zheng Luo Zheng.
The result was the same as the first time. He was indeed unable to fuse with the Holy Spring, which meant that he was unable to become a Saint.
If he did not experience it himself, Luo Zheng Luo Zheng would not believe that such a strange thing would happen to him.
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng was angry for a while. Seeing Chen Huang Yijian still fighting alone with those Silver Men, he sighed slightly. His eyes swept slightly and saw Patriarch Qianlong in the distance.
There were still a dozen people fighting each other in the Holy Spring, and Patriarch Qianlong had already retreated.
Patriarch Qianlong most likely withdrew because he was not strong enough.
Luo Zheng Thought for a while, his lips moved slightly, and he said to Patriarch Qianlong, "Patriarch Qianlong, come to my Holy Spring."
Patriarch Qianlong and the others quietly looked at Luo Zheng.
These people's minds were also spinning fast. If Luo Zheng Really Could Not Merge with the Holy Spring, would it not be another opportunity for them?
Their minds were active, and their minds were also spinning fast.
What kind of price should he offer to make Luo Zheng readily agree?
Patriarch Qianlong had another set of ideas, but he quickly dispelled this idea. Although he and Luo Zheng Knew each other, the fate between them was not that deep. Expecting Luo Zheng Would Give Up the Holy Spring to him? Perhaps he was thinking too much.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng Suddenly spoke to him through Zhenyuan Sound Transmission. Patriarch Qianlong's heart suddenly jumped, and his body trembled. He looked at Luo Zheng in disbelief, and the voice transmitted through Zhenyuan was trembling. "You mean to let me take this Holy Spring alone?"
"Yes, it seems that I can't Place Spirit. You can do it," Luo Zheng Shrugged and said.
Patriarch Qianlong did not know what "Place Spirit" meant. He only cared about Luo Zheng's words. He really intended to give the Holy Spring to him!
He was stunned for a moment in disbelief, and then he turned into a gust of wind and swept towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing Patriarch Qianlong's movement, the others' eyes flashed slightly, and they all moved one by one.
They did not know what Patriarch Qianlong and Luo Zheng said, but they thought that since Patriarch Qianlong could move Luo Zheng, they could too!
Some people even beat Patriarch Qianlong to it.
"Luo Zheng, my Li family has a third-grade faith treasure. If you can give this Holy Spring to me, I will give it to you with both hands. I am a man of my word!"
"My Zhao family's ancestors have passed down an amazing Magic Skill …"
"…"
These people almost racked their brains and listed the best things they could take out one by one, trying to move Luo Zheng.
Patriarch Qianlong was a little stunned when he heard these people's words.
After all, he could not take out so many things to exchange with Luo Zheng, and he could not get close to the Holy Spring for a while. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would agree to one of these people.
After waiting for these people to finish speaking, Luo Zheng asked calmly, "How do the things you've mentioned compare to the position of a Sage?"
One of them thought for a moment and replied, "It's not worth mentioning at all …"
"So I have no interest in it," Luo Zheng said.
"But this faith treasure of mine …"
"My family's …"
"…"
They suddenly became anxious. Faced with such an opportunity, who would be willing to give it up so easily?
Luo Zheng was annoyed by their words. His face sank, and a cold aura burst out, "I have given this Holy Spring to Patriarch Qianlong. Everyone else, leave for me, or don't blame me for being rude!"
Seeing Luo Zheng angry, these people suddenly became quiet, but they could only reluctantly retreat.
Patriarch Qianlong was full of gratitude.
He never thought that his trip to the Abyss Demon Realm would cause him to change the position of a Sage. From now on, the clan he led could also be ranked as a rich and powerful family!
Without any worries, Patriarch Qianlong went straight to the Holy Spring, while Luo Zheng retreated.
However, Patriarch Qianlong still had to face the test of those silver people. When he rushed to the Holy Spring, six silver people directly appeared in the pool, which actually extended the number he had before.
After Luo Zheng withdrew from the Holy Spring, he did not look for the maze.

Chapter 2568
Labyrinth
It was not easy to occupy a holy spring.
Even if no one interfered, it was not easy for Chen Huang Yijian to charge into the mouth of the spring.
The stronger he was, the stronger the counterattack from the holy spring.
Two hours later, Chen Huang Yijian even rested for a while. After resting, he attacked the holy spring again.
Fortunately, no one dared to compete with Chen Huang Yijian, making him very relaxed. The difficulty of attacking the holy spring was naturally greatly reduced.
After about half a day, Chen Huang Yijian finally passed the holy spring's test.
At this time, Chen Huang Yijian was also heavily injured, but he did not mind.
To be able to smoothly become a saint, was this little sacrifice worth mentioning?
He cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and walked towards the mouth of the holy spring with a face full of joy.
The silver holy spring rushed out from the mouth of the spring and began to wash his body.
When Luo Zheng was bathing in the holy spring, the holy spring was unable to seep into his body, let alone enter his inner world.
However, Chen Huangyi's sword was different. The silver spring water flowed into his body, naturally flowing through his eight extraordinary meridians and smoothly gathering in his dantian.
After a while, his entire body had turned into a "silver man" shining with silver light.
This scene naturally attracted the attention of many people.
As the holy spring continued to gather, a silver holy spring suddenly appeared above Chen Huang Yijian's head.
"Whoosh …"
The silver Holy Spring shot up into the sky and disappeared into thin air.
At the same time, a strong spatial fluctuation suddenly came from the divine realm, accompanied by a thunderous roar. This roar was also transmitted to the entire divine realm.
This thunderous roar was very similar to the sound of a world collapsing.
However, the people of the divine realm also knew that since the Saint Mountain had descended, this kind of sound was most likely made by someone who had become a saint. This was a movement made by the construction of the world.
"Another saint has been born …"
"I wonder who it is this time."
"The speed of becoming a saint this time is so fast, faster than before. The Saint Mountain has not even opened for a day and they have already begun to construct the world."
Even the disciples of the floating island felt this movement and their faces were full of envy. From now on, the divine realm had another rich and powerful family.
Somewhere in the divine realm, Shi Xiaoqiao looked up at the sky. Her light brown eyes blinked and then said, "Who did you say became a saint?"
Jiu Sheng thought for a moment, "Maybe it's Luo Zheng."
Shi Xiaoqiao also slightly nodded, "I hope they can all go smoothly …"
…
…
The construction of the world took a long time.
Chen Huang Yijian sat cross-legged on the holy spring. After the holy spring entered his dantian, fusing with his inner world, every once in a while, it would shoot out from his head and fly into the sky.
And somewhere in the sky of the divine realm, a silver light was wildly.
This silver light was was was the embryonic form the world.
It would take a longer time to evolve from an embryonic form to a mature universe, but that would only happen after leaving the Saint Mountain. Saints would often need thousands of years to consolidate their cultivation.
On On On The other side, Chen Chen Chen Chen, Patriarch to Chen Chen
The huge movement of Chen Huang Yijian becoming a saint didn't distract him in the slightest. Such an opportunity didn't come easily, so he had to grasp it with all his might.
And the fight for the remaining three holy springs was also approaching a white-hot stage!
Most of the weaker quasi-sages and perfect true gods had withdrawn from the fight for the holy springs, but that didn't mean they had really given up. If they had the chance, they would naturally kill their way back.
The people who stayed behind to fight around the three holy springs were all top-notch figures among the Quasi-sages.
They were wary of each other's sneak attacks and also had to face the holy spring's test. Their progress was naturally very slow, and it looked like they wouldn't be able to choose any results in a short time.
Not long after, Patriarch Qianlong also passed the holy spring's test and began to bathe in the holy spring.
Luo Zheng blinked and looked toward the end of the plain. With a light tap of his body, he left the holy springs.
Naturally, some people noticed Luo Zheng's departure. They looked at Luo Zheng with some amusement and pity.
"This Luo Zheng is so strong, but he wasn't recognized by the holy springs."
"Such a great opportunity was wasted just like that. What a pity …"
"Look at his nonchalant look. He must be pretending to be calm."
Luo Zheng was more or less disappointed that he couldn't be canonized as a Saint.
But after all, his vision was too focused on the people of the Divine Realm. In addition, 9527 was dismissive of the "Place of Spiritual Abode," so he really didn't take it to heart.
Since entering the Saint Mountain, the Infinite Ruler in his mind had been pointing to the end of the plain.
He didn't know the size of the plain. Luo Zheng flew in the direction that the Infinite Ruler pointed. After about an hour, he finally saw the silver mountain wall at the end of the plain.
Like the entrance, there was also a canyon at the end of the plain.
After entering the canyon, Luo Zheng continued to move forward. But it didn't take long for him to find that the canyon was a dead end. The entrance to the maze that he imagined didn't appear.
"But the Infinite Ruler is clearly pointing in this direction …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly twisted.
As he moved a few steps, the Infinite Ruler in his mind turned gently again. Then he looked at a silver mountain wall not far away.
The shining luster on this mountain wall was brighter than the surrounding mountain walls. It was hard to notice if one didn't look carefully.
"Could it be here?"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and went straight to the mountain wall.
The moment he touched the mountain wall, he saw a silver light flash in front of his eyes. His whole body had already entered it.
In front of him was a pitch-black and long tunnel!
"So that was really the entrance to the maze …" Luo Zheng's face showed a helpless smile.
Thinking about it, the entrance to the maze had always existed in the Saint Mountain. For so many Divine Epochs, there were many Perfect True Gods and Quasi-Saints who visited the Saint Mountain.
Some of them must have explored the interior of the Saint Mountain out of curiosity, and some must have found the canyon at the other end.
However, Kubei was the only one who had truly found the entrance to the maze. Kubei had also stumbled into the maze by accident.
Luo Zheng observed for a while, then went forward along the tunnel of the maze.
After following the tunnel and turning two corners, a familiar feeling arose spontaneously.
He had once walked through a maze like this at the end of the Path of Despair. It was a route that Kubei had drawn based on his memory.
Back then, after walking for a while in the maze, Kubei realized that he couldn't go around it. He had no choice but to retreat.
The current Luo Zheng was naturally different. Every time he turned in the maze, the Infinite Ruler would adjust the direction and guide him to the correct path. If he was faced with two or three junctions, he could also distinguish the correct one.

Chapter 2569
Your presence
The maze was very quiet. Other than the sound of Luo Zheng's own footsteps, there was no other sound.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was still walking quickly, but after realizing that this maze was very large, he lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and began to fly through the maze.
However, the size of the labyrinth was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. After traveling through it for a full day and night, he still couldn't see the end.
Until the third day …
Luo Zheng followed a dark tunnel to the end. After turning a corner, the tunnel ahead suddenly changed.
The walls on the left and right of the tunnel were glowing with colorful lights.
"These are … fragments of time?"
Luo Zheng felt a strong aura of the Law of Time from the wall. This aura was exactly the same as the one in the Sea of Time.
He gently knocked on the fragments on the wall and found nothing out of the ordinary.
However, as Luo Zheng continued to move forward, he faintly heard a soft breathing sound by his ear.
"Huff … Hiss …"
It was as if someone was sleeping in the maze.
Moreover, this voice was echoing in Luo Zheng's ears, so it should be very close to him.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He flew along the tunnel, trying to find the source of the breathing sound.
However, even after rushing out for several thousand feet, the sound of breathing still drifted into his ears. He could feel that the sound was still beside him, but he had clearly walked so far away.
Although Luo Zheng felt strange in his heart, he still braced himself and walked down.
…
Ming Wei sat at the top of the God Domain, looking up at the vast God Domain.
She had missed the days in Mount Li countless times …
However, after breaking free from that prison, his heart actually became more and more melancholic.
After breaking through the Divine Realm, he should be able to return to his Mother World. He just didn't know how the Hundred Veins Gate was doing.
If a Sect Master went missing or died, a new Sect Master would be selected.
If she were to return to Mount Li, his position as Sect Master would probably be gone.
However, Ming Wei wasn't worried about this. What she missed was her disciples and the people in her family.
As she stared, she saw a faint green light appear in the distance.
In the vast Primal Chaos, this streak of green blindness was so small that it was almost negligible. However, the speed at which this streak of green light flew still caught Ming Wei's attention.
That thing's speed was too fast, and it was heading straight for the Divine Realm!
Ming Wei slowly stood up and warned, "Something's coming."
When the others saw the cautious look on Ming Wei's face, they all became vigilant.
There weren't many living beings wandering around in the Chaos, but each and every one of them was extremely powerful. Even a Nirvana Realm powerhouse had to be careful when facing them.
"So fast!" Chi Yi said as he stared ahead.
A black-haired woman of the Nuwa Clan reached out her finger and covered her eyes. She softly uttered a word, "Manifest!"
The woman's eyes flashed with a strange light. Her other eye kept blinking. Soon, a strange look appeared on her face. At the same time, she said, "That's not a living creature."
"What is it?" Ming Wei asked.
"A flying boat," the black-haired woman said with a serious expression.
When they heard this, everyone's expression changed slightly.
Flying boats were very common in the Mother World. However, it was very abnormal for a flying boat to appear here.
This was a place at the edge of the Chaos. It was almost impossible for someone to be bored enough to take a flying boat here. Moreover, they were very close now. That flying boat must have discovered the Divine Realm. It might even have set the Divine Realm as its target!
Elder Jin walked over. He looked at Ming Wei and asked, "What do you think?"
Ming Wei shook her head. "It depends on the other party's motive."
"No matter what their motive is, they have discovered the Divine Realm. The situation is very troublesome," Elder Jin said with a frown.
Elder Jin and the others already understood the Li Clan's current situation. The existence of this Divine Realm must not be leaked. Elder Jin naturally had this concern in his heart.
Ming Wei smiled faintly. "If their strength is ordinary, it's fine to leave them here. It's no trouble."
Elder Jin nodded in agreement with Ming Wei's opinion.
Li Luoshui, Luo Xiao, Li Xuanyue, and the Sages of the Sword Clan gathered together. Li Luoshui's face had a faint trace of worry. "I don't know if Zheng 'er succeeded in becoming a Sage."
Luo Xiao's face was calm. He did not look worried at all. "Zheng 'er has entered the Sage Mountain. The greatest difficulty has passed. Whether or not he can become a Sage is not the most important thing. However …"
He thought of his divination with the Great Yan Divine Dao. It indicated that the outside of the Divine Realm was not peaceful.
However, how empty was this Chaos? He did not know what this ominous aura meant.
At this moment, Elder Jin walked over and said faintly, "We have to hide."
The Sages looked at Elder Jin. Li Luoshui asked, "Why?"
Elder Jin cupped his hands towards Li Luoshui and said, "There's a flying boat coming towards the Divine Realm. I don't know if it's an enemy or a friend. Your Highness, please hide for now."
"Flying boat?" Li Luoshui frowned.
Luo Xiao's face sank slightly. This made him quickly associate the ominous aura with the ominous aura. It was definitely not a good thing for outsiders to arrive at this critical moment. Luo Xiao asked, "Where is it?"
Elder Jin pointed into the distance. They followed his finger and looked over. Within their field of vision, there was indeed a light green object rapidly approaching.
"For safety's sake, Your Highness, you can enter the small world I prepared," said Elder Jin.
Unexpectedly, Li Luoshui shook her head. "I won't enter the small world."
Elder Jin originally wanted to persuade Li Luoshui, but he could only give up under Li Luoshui's insistence.
Hiding in the small world or the world in their bodies might be safe, but they would not know anything about the battle outside. Not only was Li Luoshui unwilling, but the other Sages were also unwilling.
"In that case, I'll get Fu Er to set up a formation to hide us," said Elder Jin.
…
Four hours later …
The Lingxiao Flying Boat was extremely close to the Divine Realm.
A small jade plate floated in front of Lu Jia. He held a light green diamond-shaped crystal in his hand.
This diamond-shaped crystal contained an astonishing amount of energy. This was the so-called "Divine Crystal". This kind of Divine Crystal was extremely widely used in the Mother World.
He gently flipped the Divine Crystal and placed it on the jade plate. The Divine Crystal then sank into the jade plate.
"The last Divine Crystal has been placed," reported Lu Jia.
"The Xuanyuan Guards in the Divine Realm reported that the Li Clan's Chiyou Guard should be at the top of the Divine Realm. However, they have not been discovered yet," said another Xuanyuan Guard.

Chapter 2570
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Search
Under Wei Xian's command, Lu Jia gently pinched the jade plate in his hand.
A bright new moon emerged from the jade plate. This new moon only appeared for a moment, and then a circle of invisible waves spread out.
This invisible ripple silently spread to a very far place …
"The Moonlight Massacre has been set up," Lu Jia reported.
Wei Xian nodded. The flying ship hovering in the air slowly descended and finally stopped at the upper level of the divine territory.
Patter!
Wei Xian leaped down from the flying boat and looked around. The top of the Divine Domain was a flat expanse of land. There was nothing as far as the eye could see. It seemed very desolate.
A Xuan Yuan Guard jumped down from behind and said, "This divine territory is much bigger than we thought …"
"It's a world created by Chiyou after all," Wei Xian said calmly.
After saying that, Wei Xian squatted down and knocked on the ground lightly, making a dull sound.
After thinking for a while, he suddenly jumped up.
When Wei Xian jumped up, a bright red blood talisman appeared in his hand. When he fell to the ground, he slammed this blood talisman on the ground.
Dong!
The moment this blood talisman was on the ground, a blood-colored halo spread out with his palm as the center. At the same time, it made a loud dull sound.
The upper level of the divine territory trembled for a while …
"Buzz buzz …"
As the upper level of the divine territory trembled, a triangular shield quietly flashed and appeared on the surface of the divine territory.
"What is this?" Wei Xian frowned as he stared at the shield under his feet and asked.
"What a powerful treasure. Lord Wei Xian's all-out attack couldn't break it …" Lu Jia took the opportunity to say.
The other Xuan Yuan Guards shook their heads. They didn't know the origin of this treasure.
However, the last Xuan Yuan Guard, who looked slightly younger, pondered for a while before saying, "I heard that Chiyou has a treasure called the Sky Mirror Shield. It's shaped like a triangle and can't be broken by any power in this world. Could this be the Sky Mirror Shield?"
Wei Xian looked at that Xuan Yuan Guard in surprise and said, "Zhong Ling, are you sure?"
The Xuan Yuan Guard called Zhong Ling nodded. "The shape matches. Moreover, this is a world created by Chiyou. There should be no mistake."
"No wonder Pang Miao said that we can't enter the divine territory directly," Wei Xian said with a frown. "They said that there's a barrier in the space tunnel. I wonder if this barrier can stop us!"
As he spoke, Wei Xian casually took a step forward. As a spatial fluctuation appeared in front of him, he entered the spatial passageway in an extremely elegant manner.
"Dong …"
With a dull sound, Wei Xian's figure Translation. Wei Xian's The space tunnel. the space tunnel, the space tunnel, the space tunnel was probably due to his overconfidence. Perhaps because he was, because he was too, he was too Translation was Translation.
"This damned spatial barrier!" Wei Xian was somewhat furious.
"It seems that the spatial barrier of the Divine Domain is not that easy to break through," Zhong Ling said.
Wei Xian sighed and said, "Pang Miao said that they spent more than ten years to open a crack in the Space Barrier. They barely managed to get in, so it won't be easy to break it open in a short period of time. However … those Chiyou Guards have already arrived here. They must have been working day and night to destroy the Space Barrier."
"Find them and kill them. We can follow the Space Barrier they've opened and continue down. It'll save us a lot of time," Zhong Ling said. "The Space Barrier they've broken will definitely emit strong Space Ripples. Although the top of the divine territory is vast, it won't be difficult to find them."
Wei Xian nodded and looked at Zhong Ling with satisfaction.
Although Zhong Ling was a first-rank Xuan Yuan Guard, his cultivation was the lowest among them. However, he was the smartest. If he was nurtured well, he could become Wei Xian's right-hand man in the future.
"We just need to follow the Space Ripples in front of us. Let's go!"
The Xuan Yuan Guards returned to the flying ship. The flying ship maintained a height of about a foot from the divine territory. It was almost flying close to the divine territory.
The Xuan Yuan Guards extended their Divine Senses as far as they could …
The further they extended their Divine Senses, the duller their senses became. However, they weren't looking for people. They were just looking for Space Ripples. That was enough.
Fifteen thousand kilometers away …
Fu Er had set up a square talisman formation.
It was the Four Spirits Concealment Talisman Formation. This talisman formation could hide all auras, be it life auras or soul auras.
Even if someone was standing face to face, they wouldn't be able to sense their presence.
The Nuwa Clan, the Chiyou Guards, Li Luoshui, and the Saints of the divine territory were all in the Four Spirits Concealment Talisman Formation.
"That flying ship is coming …" Luo Xiao frowned.
"I don't know if they're friends or foes. It'd be strange if they're enemies. If they are, I'll immediately enter the divine territory. Hehe," the Green Demon House Master said with a faint smile.
Li Xuanyue glanced at her. "Since our Xuanyue Clan has chosen this path, how can we retreat when we encounter difficulties? Although I, Li Xuanyue, am weak, I'll do my best! "
Li Xuanyue was very clear about the difference between a Nirvana Realm expert and a Saint.
"They're coming this way! Let's not talk! "the Saint of the Sword Clan said.
Fu Er smiled faintly. "My Four Spirits Concealment Talisman Formation can hide everything. Whether they can discover us or not has nothing to do with whether we talk or not. Even if you shout, they won't hear you."
Despite Fu Er's words, everyone couldn't help but hold their breaths and remain silent as they watched the flying boat approach from afar.
Fifteen thousand kilometers was only a blink of an eye if the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship flew at full speed.
Even though the Xuanyuan Guards had slowed down the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship as much as possible to find the spatial fluctuations, it only took them a few dozen breaths to arrive.
Wei Xian closed his eyes tightly. His divine sense spread out like threads, densely covering a radius of several thousand kilometers …
The space in the Chaos was the most stable. It was even more stable than the space in the Mother World. Even the slightest spatial fluctuation would be extremely eye-catching.
"Eh?"
At this moment, Wei Xian sensed a faint spatial fluctuation, but it disappeared in a flash.
When Wei Xian spoke, Lu Jia had already stopped the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. Although the others also used their divine sense to sense the spatial fluctuation, they clearly didn't notice it.
"Lord Wei Xian, did you sense it?" Lu Jia asked.
Wei Xian looked to the left and pointed. "That direction!"
"That direction? There's nothing … "
"I didn't sense any spatial fluctuation either."
"Lord Wei Xian's divine sense is stronger than ours. Perhaps he can see something."
Thus, the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship adjusted its direction and headed in the direction Wei Xian had pointed.
Seeing this, Fu Er clenched his fists tightly. A trace of nervousness finally appeared on his face.
Of course, they knew that the spatial fluctuation would very likely expose their location. Moreover, they had been digging the spatial barrier for so long, so they naturally couldn't give up. Thus, Fu Er specially set up another talisman formation in an attempt to conceal it.

Chapter 2571
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Hidden Impact
Fu Er's talisman formation could only cover up the spatial fluctuations as much as possible. However, there were still occasional fluctuations that escaped from the talisman formation.
He could only hope that the people on the airship were careless and did not notice the spatial fluctuations that escaped.
However, when he saw the airship stop for a moment and fly towards them, he naturally knew that the other party had noticed.
"They've already noticed. Big Brother, what should we do?" Fu Er asked.
"Let's see what they do first," Elder Jin said calmly.
Elder Jin also had a bad feeling, but he could not panic now. Otherwise, it would easily affect the others.
Not long after, the airship in the distance slowly approached. It almost brushed past the Four Corners Divine Concealment Talisman Formation and only stopped after another hundred feet.
The Xuanyuan Guards on the airship jumped down again.
"There doesn't seem to be any spatial fluctuations …" One of the Xuanyuan Guards looked around. He had not sensed any spatial fluctuations.
"Impossible," Wei Xian said calmly. "I sensed a second spatial fluctuation just now. It must be nearby. The other party must have used some method to hide it. That's why the spatial fluctuations are so weak …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly turned around and stared ahead. He had sensed another spatial fluctuation just now.
Within the Four Corners Divine Concealment Talisman Formation, Ming Wei's eyes narrowed like a cat's. She said softly, "They must have noticed."
"Where did they come from? I don't know if they're friends or foes. If they're enemies … should we attack first? "Chi Yi said coldly.
"It's the Xuanyuan Guards. Or rather, they're people that the Xuanyuan Guards in the divine territory found. They must be enemies," Ming Wei continued.
When Li Luoshui heard Ming Wei's judgment, she blinked and asked, "How do you know?"
"Fu Er has already hidden the spatial fluctuations very well. If they're outsiders who don't know anything and discover that the divine territory is here, the first thing they would do would be to find a way to break through the divine territory's barrier. If they can't break through the Heavenly Mirror Shield, they'll probably try to break through the spatial barrier like us … but they're looking for spatial fluctuations." Ming Wei continued, "Someone must have told them that we're breaking through the spatial barrier. That's why they're following the spatial fluctuations!"
As soon as Ming Wei's voice fell, Wei Xian stretched out his hand and gently chopped down, breaking Fu Er's concealment array. Waves of rich spatial fluctuations spread out, forming a huge spiral that floated up.
There was no way to stop digging at the spatial barrier. As long as it was stopped, the spatial barrier would rapidly lose its cultivation. Therefore, Elder Jin and the others had placed a treasure in the spatial barrier and allowed it to dig on its own.
"Found it! Hmph, this Concealment Glyph Formation is rather ingenious! "Wei Xian's face revealed a trace of a cold smile.
Zhong Ling looked around and said, "It seems that they have already sensed our arrival and abandoned this place?"
"Lord Wei Xian, are we still going to continue searching for those Chiyou Guards?" Lu Jia asked.
Wei Xian pondered for a moment before shaking his head. "They've been digging here for so long. I'm afraid they won't give up so easily. We just need to guard this place. Moreover, we can continue digging. As long as we break through the spatial barrier, we'll be able to enter God's Domain before them!"
Although they had the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, the Divine Region was still too big. If those people wanted to hide, it would be difficult for them to find them.
However, even Wei Xian and Zhong Ling did not expect that those people had not gone far. Instead, they were hiding more than thirty meters away from them...
The voices of Wei Xian and the others were clearly transmitted. The people hiding in the Four Directions Divine Concealment Array completely understood that these people were indeed coming for them.
"They are most likely the Xuan Yuan Guards," Ming Wei said with certainty.
"Since they're coming for us, it doesn't matter whether they are the Xuan Yuan Guards or not. With the help of Fu Er's array, we have the upper hand." A trace of killing intent appeared in Elder Jin's eyes.
Hearing this, Everlasting War became excited. "Looks like we're going to attack?"
"The strongest of these people is that grey-haired youth. Leave him to me. Elder Jin and the others," Ming Wei said, staring at Wei Xian.
They were also very decisive people.
Wei Xian's judgment was correct. They did not need to look for Elder Jin and the others. They only needed to guard the spatial barrier.
Therefore, Ming Wei also made a very decisive decision!
Wei Xian and the others naturally did not expect that Ming Wei and the others had the intention to kill. He very leisurely issued an order. "Zhong Ling, enter the spatial tunnel and check out the situation. We should be able to break through the spatial barrier faster."
"Alright, Master Xian." Zhong Ling nodded. Just as he was about to enter the spatial tunnel, the light of the Four Directions Divine Concealment Glyph Formation suddenly dimmed, and the aura that had been concealed within it was quickly released.
At the same time that Fu Er removed the Four Directions Divine Concealment Array, colorful rings spread out from Ming Wei's hand. The rings were large and small, interlocking with each other. At the very front was an extremely sharp awl.
Ming Wei had already seen that this grey-haired youth was not ordinary. She did not hold back at all when she attacked. She wanted to kill him!
The Xuan Yuan Guards did not expect these people to be hiding beside them. When they felt the aura erupting from beside them, they were all stunned.
Elder Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other Xuan Yuan Guards, as well as the Nirvana Realm experts of the Nuwa Clan, all attacked their respective targets at this moment!
However, Wei Xian was not an ordinary Nirvana Realm expert. The moment he felt the aura, a sharp light flashed in his eyes. He stretched out his hand and slapped out a blood talisman in the air!
"Bo!"
The moment the blood talisman exploded, it turned into a ball of black and red blood and blocked the path of Ming Wei's awl.
Whoosh!
When the awl charged toward Wei Xian, it instantly twisted the ball of blood into it.
Then, the entire awl and the colorful rings behind it instantly dimmed. They also lost their original speed and power. Instead, they were caught by Wei Xian's hand.
Although Wei Xian easily received Ming Wei's attack, the other Xuan Yuan Guards were not so lucky.
The moment Elder Jin appeared, he had already silently stuck to the side of one of the Xuan Yuan Guards. His large hands, which were like palm-leaf fans, had already twisted the Xuan Yuan Guard's neck.
Although the Xuan Yuan Guard had reacted, it was already too late. As Elder Jin's hands glowed with a golden light, more than half of the Xuan Yuan Guard's body turned into dust. He could not be more dead.
As for Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the women of the Nuwa Clan, they worked together and killed two Xuan Yuan Guards.
In a single exchange, three of them died. The other Xuan Yuan Guards quickly distanced themselves from each other.
Only Wei Xian stood motionless on the spot. His face was gloomy as he sneered and said,

Chapter 2572
A Drop of Blood
Ming Wei's face sank.
Ming Wei had used all her strength in that attack, but Wei Xian had easily blocked it. This person's strength was slightly higher than she had estimated!
However, once someone like her made a move, her state of mind would not waver in the slightest.
Especially in a battle to the death like this, there was no turning back.
As soon as Wei Xian finished speaking, her figure moved slightly, and she disappeared from the spot. At the same time, Ming Wei sent a Quintessential Essence transmission, "Elder Jin, let's kill him together!"
The moment Ming Wei disappeared, she appeared beside Wei Xian, and a rainbow-colored halo enveloped Wei Xian!
Wei Xian did not expect this woman to be trapped by the rainbow-colored halo without any hesitation!
The space within the rainbow-colored halo became extremely viscous. Wei Xian wanted to use greater teleportation to leave the rainbow-colored halo, but he did not succeed.
Elder Jin moved as well, and a thick aura emanated from his body. He leapt up, and a golden hammer and a golden awl appeared in his hands. When he arrived above Elder Jin, a huge golden phantom appeared behind him. The phantom was like a legendary evil god that had descended to the mortal world, and it released a vast amount of power at this moment.
He aimed the golden awl at Wei Xian, and the golden hammer in his right hand slammed down on the awl!
Boom!
The phantom exuded a vast amount of power, and this power gathered on the golden awl and shot toward Wei Xian.
Elder Jin's attack was extremely oppressive. Even Ming Wei, who had trapped Wei Xian, could only retreat when she felt the power of the golden awl. However, she did not remove the rainbow-colored halo. After all, if she removed the halo, Wei Xian could use greater teleportation to escape.
Whoosh!
The golden awl transformed into a dazzling golden light that shot toward Wei Xian.
Even though these people had succeeded in their sneak attack and lost three Xuan-Yuan Guards, Wei Xian did not take them seriously.
Wei Xian thought highly of himself. After joining Heavensguard Pavilion, he did not take ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivators seriously. Moreover, he had come prepared this time.
Who knew that this group of lunatics would fight with their lives on the line …
He was furious, but he still had to deal with the danger before him.
"Since you want to die! Then I'll grant you your wish! "
After saying that, Wei Xian actually stood in place and did not dodge, allowing the long golden awl to hit him.
In the blink of an eye, the golden awl pierced towards Wei Xian's head. The moment the golden awl pierced his forehead, a drop of blood shot out from his forehead.
When the golden awl collided with the drop of blood between his eyebrows, a crisp sound of metal clashing rang out. This drop of blood had actually blocked Elder Jin's thunderous attack!
"Pop …"
A blood-red ball hidden on top of Wei Xian's head cracked open.
When the blood-red sphere cracked open, Old Jin and Ming Wei's expressions darkened.
"Hermit Divine Ability!"
The Hermit Divine Ability was not rare in the Mother World, but the Hermit Divine Ability used by different people differed greatly.
The hermit god art that Wei Xian had just released was able to block Elder Jin's all-out attack with just a drop of blood. It was simply unbelievable …
"Very good …"
"He forced me to use my Hermit Divine Ability with one strike!"
"This drop of Ethereal Blood is extremely precious to me. I didn't expect to use it on you guys today …"
The drop of blood released by the Hermit Divine Ability floated around Wei Xian and stopped at his fingertip, swaying non-stop. It was hard to imagine that this drop of blood contained a terrifying power.
"Ethereal Blood …"
"This person actually has a drop of Ethereal Blood!"
Ming Wei and Elder Jin's faces were filled with shock.
This drop of Ethereal Blood was extremely rare in the Mother World. Even Ming Wei and Elder Jin, who were at the Nirvana Realm, had a hard time obtaining a drop.
Since someone was willing to use a drop of Ethereal Blood to create a Hermit Divine Ability and give it to Wei Xian, it meant that Wei Xian's status was beyond their imagination. Either he was an important figure in the Xuanyuan Guard, or his family background was extremely prominent.
"Since I've already forced out this drop of blood, then I'll reluctantly waste it on you guys …"
When he reached the end of his sentence, Soothing Xian's voice became calm. The drop of blood quietly extended and rapidly grew in his hand. After blood foam continuously gushed out, it turned into a palm-sized ball of blood, and within that ball of blood was a row of sharp fangs.
"Kill him!"
As he spoke, he gently pushed Elder Jin. The ball of blood pounced towards Elder Jin. Then, Wei Xian turned around and shot out a blood talisman from his hand. This blood talisman turned into a blood sword in the blink of an eye. In a flash, he appeared beside Ming Wei, and the blood sword slashed towards Ming Wei's head.
"Ding …"
Ming Wei gently opened her fingers, and a rainbow-colored halo spread out, blocking Wei Xian's blood sword.
However, Wei Xian's blood sword seemed to be able to pollute everything. The moment the rainbow-colored halo touched it, the halo's radiance instantly dimmed.
Wei Xian did not hold back and slashed a second time. Ming Wei could only release another rainbow-colored halo.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding …"
After a few consecutive slashes, Wei Xian still looked relaxed, but Ming Wei seemed to be having a hard time.
"I don't know why the Nuwa Clan is entangled with these Chiyou Guards?" Wei Xian asked as he suppressed Ming Wei.
Wei Xian liked the feeling of being in control of the entire situation.
According to his plan, even if he had to fight with these Nirvana Realm experts from the outer realm, he had to figure out their background and stand before making a move. However, Ming Wei and the others did not give him the chance. This made Wei Xian rather depressed.
"What does it have to do with you?" Ming Wei said coldly.
She gently turned her hands, and two rainbow-colored halos appeared at the same time. One of the halos blocked Wei Xian's blood sword, while the other slashed towards Wei Xian.
"Ding, ding!"
Wei Xian flipped his hand and spun the blood sword. The tip of the sword swept past the two rainbow-colored halos at the same time.
After breaking the halos, Wei Xian smiled faintly. His movements were as smooth as flowing water as he stabbed towards Ming Wei's chest. "If the Nuwa Clan has nothing to do with these Chiyou Guards, I can spare your lives. What do you think?"
The Nuwa Clan and the You Xiong Clan were not sworn enemies in the mother world. If it was someone else, they would be tempted by Wei Xian's suggestion.
However, Ming Wei was very clear about gratitude and grudges. Since she was indebted to Lu Zheng, it was impossible for her to back off at a time like this. Ming Wei gently tilted her body and dodged Wei Xian's blood sword. A charming smile appeared on her face, but she shook her head and said, "Nothing!"
As soon as she finished speaking, her body instantly grew. Her white and delicate fist turned into a huge fist that was ten feet tall and smashed onto Wei Xian's body.

Chapter 2573
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Moonlight Force
Wei Xian, who was lying on the ground, looked at the gigantic Ming Wei in disbelief.
"This is the Rage God Body?"
Wei Xian was an experienced and knowledgeable person. If it was anyone else, they would not be able to imagine that a person could become so gigantic in such a short period of time and possess such power!
The Ancient God Body Tempering Technique was completely extinct in the Mother World. It was hard to believe that it suddenly appeared here.
After Ming Wei activated her Rage God Body, she did not stop at all. In her eyes, Wei Xian had already shrunk to the size of an ant. Rings of rainbow-colored light emanated from her fingertips. She gathered an unparalleled power and pointed it at Wei Xian.
If Ming Wei's finger hit him, he would probably be torn apart. In a moment of desperation, two blood runes suddenly appeared in Wei Xian's eyes.
In an instant, the two blood runes enveloped his entire body. At that moment, Wei Xian turned into a bloody man!
"Boom!"
Ming Wei's finger hit Wei Xian's body, causing a violent tremor. At the same time, the Sky Mirror Shield appeared on the surface of the Divine Territory again.
If it were not for the protection of the Sky Mirror Shield, the top of the Divine Territory would have been shattered by Ming Wei's finger.
If it were any other Nirvana Realm expert, their physical body would probably be crushed into a pool of blood by Ming Wei's finger.
However, in the face of danger, Wei Xian had actually abandoned his own life force and turned himself into a bloody corpse. Strictly speaking, he was now a dead man. In the state of a bloody corpse, his physical body would not be damaged at all, except for a few methods!
This bloody corpse was extremely harmful to Wei Xian. Every time he used it, he would cut off his life force. He would need to use a secret technique to revive himself. Normally, he would not use it unless he was in a desperate situation.
When Ming Wei's finger moved away, she saw that the bloody Wei Xian was still intact. A murderous glint appeared in her eyes again. Her entire palm was enveloped in rainbow light again as she slapped at Wei Xian!
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
Under Ming Wei's repeated attacks, Wei Xian's bloody corpse floated on the ground like a leaf. Under the tremendous pressure, his body would occasionally become as thin as a piece of paper. His bones, meridians, and internal organs were also ravaged by Ming Wei.
However, this physical body was still a whole body. As long as Ming Wei's hand, Wei Xian could always recover!
"Haha … Damn woman, I will let you …"
Boom!
Wen Xian's words were once again crushed into a piece of paper by Ming Wei.
When Wei Xian recovered once more, he finally couldn't hold back and roared loudly, "Lu Jia! What are you hesitating for? "
The Xuanyuan Guards were engaged in a fierce battle with the Chiyou Guards and the Nuwa Clan, while Lu Jia was held back by Li Luoshui, Luo Xiao, Li Xuanyue, and the other Saints.
The difference between a Saint and a Nirvana Realm expert was too great. Lu Jia's strength was only slightly stronger than Zhong Ling, and he was ranked second from the bottom in this group of Xuanyuan Guards. However, he alone was enough to deal with all the Saints! During the battle, he had even killed the Sword Tribe's Saint, Jian Wuhen.
"Burning Soul Impact!"
Green Demon House Lord's eyes shone brightly. She used a secret soul technique to launch a soul attack at Lu Jia.
Any Sage would find it hard to withstand such a spiritual attack, but Lu Jia wasn't affected at all. He originally wanted to taunt the Green Demon House Lord.
However, when he heard Wei Xian's roar, Lu Jia's body suddenly trembled. He turned around and saw that Wei Xian had actually activated the Blood Corpse Body. Ming Wei had even transformed into a giant and was crushing Lord Wei Xian on the ground. He was instantly shocked.
With a thought, he disappeared from the spot and quickly left the battle. He then raised the jade plate in his hand high up.
"Buzz …"
As the jade plate trembled slightly, new moons appeared in the sky above the Divine Realm.
These new moons were the Moonlight Massacre. They had already spread it out when they arrived at the surface of the Divine Realm. Right now, it was just a manifestation.
Under the activation of the Divine Crystal, the Moonlight Massacre instantly enveloped an area of ten thousand miles.
At this moment, everyone sensed the power of these new moons and looked up. Even Ming Wei stopped and looked at the sky.
"Moonlight Massacre! They even brought this out! "Fu Er exclaimed.
Fu Er was the first to recognize it. After all, he was proficient in runic arrays and had studied all kinds of arrays in the Divine Realm. Although this Moonlight Slaughtering Array wasn't a large array, it was quite famous in the Mother World!
Hearing Fu Er's words, the hearts of the Chiyou Wei and Nuwa Clan trembled slightly.
"Give me the array core!" Wei Xian roared.
Lu Jia didn't hesitate. The jade plate in his hand spun slightly, and all the new moons rotated with it. Beams of bright moonlight shot toward Wei Xian.
A blood rune bloomed in Wei Xian's hand and turned into a blood sword again. The moonlight poured into the surface of the blood sword as if it was plated with a layer of silver frost. Then, Wei Xian looked up at the giant Ming Wei with a sinister smile and gently slashed at her with the silver blood sword in his hand.
When he slashed, the new moons above everyone's head flashed with silver light.
There was no invisible power, no sword light, and no space to dodge. Ming Wei twisted to the side with her own body, but it was already too late.
She felt a strong tearing sensation coming from her arm. Her entire right arm had been separated from her body. After her broken right arm left her flesh, it quickly shrank. Blood gushed out from the wound on her shoulder like a waterfall.
"Very sharp reaction. If you can avoid my second slash, I'll be impressed." Wei Xian laughed. Probably because he felt that he was invincible, Wei Xian started talking nonsense again.
But just as he raised the silver blood sword, a green figure suddenly appeared from the side. It was a Nirvana Realm expert from the Nuwa Clan.
"Rainbow! No! "
Ming Wei saw the green-clothed woman and cried out loudly.
Wei Xian sneered, and the silver blood sword in his hand swung lightly again. He didn't even aim at this woman called 'Cai Jie', but this woman was only halfway there when her entire body was torn apart from the middle, broken into two halves. Blood even splashed across the ground.
These sisters from the Nuwa Clan had followed Ming Wei for countless years and were very close to her. Seeing this scene, her face was filled with grief.
"Don't be sad. You can accompany her soon." Wei Xian raised the silver blood sword high again.
In the Moonlight Massacre, he could control anyone's life.
Seeing that Wei Xian's silver blood sword was about to slash again, Fu Er in the distance gritted his teeth and took out a bright yellow talisman. As he slapped the talisman, he spat a mouthful of blood on it.
"Whoosh …"
The talisman was stained with blood and burned fiercely. The flames suddenly hit the new moons in the sky. The new moons were slightly deflected by these inconspicuous flames.

Chapter 2574
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Laughter in the tunnel
As the silver blood sword was waved gently, a silver moonlight strangely appeared not far from Ming Wei.
It was this silver moonlight that had cut off one of Ming Wei's hands and cut the ribbon into two …
However, this silver moonlight only flashed and then disappeared without a trace. It was so fast that no one could detect its power.
"Hmm?"
Wei Xian frowned. His eyes flashed as he saw Fu Er in the distance.
"I didn't expect someone in your group to be proficient in formations. You can actually affect the Moonlight Slaying Array. You're quite skilled," Wei Xian said calmly.
Fu Er ignored Wei Xian's praise. He just said loudly, "Everyone, leave this place quickly. We can only be slaughtered in this formation! Your Highness … "He wanted to call out to the princess, but he realized that if Li Luoshui's identity was exposed, the situation would be even more troublesome. He immediately changed his words." People of the divine realm can return to the divine realm to hide temporarily! "
Saints, including Li Luoshui, would not be rejected by the divine realm. Naturally, they could enter and leave the divine realm at will.
When the Green Demon House Master heard this, she blinked her eyes and went into the divine realm. She had already said that if she could not defeat the enemy, she would naturally retreat to the divine realm. After all, the difference between them and a Nirvana Realm powerhouse was too great.
However, just as she used Greater Teleportation to construct a spatial tunnel leading downwards, a silver moonlight suddenly spread out from the ground beneath her feet. This moonlight actually blocked the spatial tunnel she had constructed.
"The space has been sealed too?"
Li Luoshui, Luo Xiao, and the others frowned. This meant that their escape route had been cut off.
Lu Jia, who was floating in the air, saw this scene and laughed softly. "You want to escape after being trapped by the Moonlight Slaying Array? Aren't you too naive? "
The arrangement of the crescent moons in the sky was still a little messy. Fu Er had burned the talisman paper and was still disrupting the entire grand array, but Fu Er knew very well that it would not last for long. Once the Moonlight Slaughtering Grand Array returned to normal, everyone would most likely be killed by Wei Xian.
…
…
"Huff … Hiss …"
"Huff … Hiss …"
The sound of breathing echoed in Luo Zheng's ears. As he continued to move forward in the maze, the sound of breathing became louder and louder.
However, it had been a few hours, and Luo Zheng was gradually getting used to it.
In the long and thin passageways in the maze, the time fragments were getting denser. At the same time, the surrounding space became thicker.
As he walked, Luo Zheng's body was much stronger than that of a Saint. He was not afraid even if he fell into the sea, he would not be afraid of the time. However, Luo Zheng's body was much stronger than that of Saints. Luo Zheng Luo's body's body that was was Saint's. His body was, Body's Body was much stronger than the God God Realm. Was Was Was Was??
"This was originally the seawater of the Sea of Time, but it has solidified over time?" Luo Zheng speculated.
Luo Zheng clicked his tongue in wonder when he thought about how something invisible like time could take on such a form.
Was Was Was Was Was Was the Was Was the Was the Was Was Was''s Was the water?'s the water ''s Was Was Was of the s Was Was Was Was of the Of the the the the? However, the seawater seemed to ignore the rules of gravity. It had completely become a part of the wall, flowing slowly on the wall.
With the guidance of the Immeasurable Ruler, Luo Zheng walked for another 30 minutes. Then, an even more peculiar scene appeared.
The Time Was flowing on the wall changed into another form. The fragments disappeared and were replaced by a colorful wall. It was as if someone had painted a rainbow on the wall. However, the rainbow on the wall was slowly fluctuating.
"This is a complete space-time …" Luo Zheng was surprised.
The reason why the Time Was Dangerous was that it was full of time fragments. However, a complete space-time was different. The wall represented a complete space-time in the past. Logically speaking, he should be able to enter and exit this space-time at will.
It was the same when Luo Zheng entered the Imperial Jade Seal's world in the forbidden area of the Time Sea.
Luo Zheng blinked and restrained the impulse in his heart.
Who knew where this complete space-time led to? It would be troublesome if he entered but did not come out. Therefore, he still followed the guidance of the Immeasurable Ruler.
"Huff … Haha!"
At this moment, the breathing that was originally rhythmic and reverberating in Luo Zheng's ears suddenly changed. That voice actually let out a childish laugh!
Then, a rumbling echo came from the corridor ahead. Soon, Luo Zheng saw an astonishing aura of the Law of Time coming from the depths of the corridor. A colorful spiral almost occupied the entire corridor and headed straight for Luo Zheng!
Feeling the amazing power of this spiral, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with surprise.
"What is this!"
After reacting, Luo Zheng wanted to avoid it.
However, there was a complete space-time on both sides of the corridor. This huge spiral completely occupied the corridor. If he wanted to avoid it, he would have to enter the space-time …
Seeing that the spiral had already arrived in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He did not choose to enter the space-time.
Who knew what kind of world was behind this space-time? He was using the ability of the Imperial Jade Seal of Time!
When the colorful spiral crushed Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng erased this period of time. He was still standing in the same place as before.
After avoiding the spiral, Luo Zheng accelerated forward. However, he had not rushed far when the giggling sound came again. At the same time, a rumbling sound came from the corridor again. It seemed that another spiral was rushing towards him.
"I'm afraid this is troublesome …" Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of helplessness.
The Imperial Jade Seal of Time could not be used infinitely. Luo Zheng had experimented with it before. After using it three times in a short period of time, the huge insects hidden in this world became less obedient.
No matter how greedy a tiger was, it would not have much interest in eating after it was full. Although the number of those huge insects was not small, each time the Imperial Jade Seal was used to urge them to eat, it was the entire world's time. Although it was only two or three breaths, it was enough to fill them up.
The time it took to eat several times in a row was indeed beyond their ability.
However, Luo Zheng had no choice but to use the ability of the Imperial Jade Seal of Time a second time to avoid the spiral.
As a result, he had just avoided the second spiral when the giggling sound followed closely.
* Hong long long … *
The third spiral rushed out from the depths of the corridor.

Chapter 2575
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The End
Luo Zheng didn't know how deep the tunnel was. Perhaps he had already reached the core area of the maze.
However, the spirals in the tunnel kept coming one after another. Even if he avoided the spiral in front of him, he still couldn't avoid the next spiral.
The ability of the Time Imperial Jade Seal was very important to Luo Zheng. If it weren't for the Time Imperial Jade Seal, he wouldn't have known how many times he would have died.
Or it could be said that Luo Zheng would have already died in the time that the Time Imperial Jade Seal erased.
He could only use the ability of the Time Imperial Jade Seal once in a short period of time. He couldn't waste it casually …
Just as the spiral in front of him rushed toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng turned his shoulder and drilled into the continuous space-time on the wall of the tunnel.
This time was different from the time he entered the Time Imperial Jade Seal. The moment he drilled into it, he seemed to have arrived in another world. A strong wind blew on his face, and fine sand also rushed toward him!
These sand grains were actually colorful particles. Each grain of sand contained an astonishing cutting power. When they hit Luo Zheng's body, he immediately felt a sharp pain on his face!
Luo Zheng covered his face. After careful observation, he discovered that this was a desert that wasn't very wide. The entire desert was made up of colorful sand.
"This sand …"
He slowly squatted down and stretched out his hand to touch it. Immediately, he felt a sharp pain on his fingertips.
If it weren't for his sturdy body, he would have been riddled with holes by these sand grains.
"What the hell is this strange place …"
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, a loud cry suddenly came from the center of the desert. That cry was like the cry of a baby.
From the moment he heard the first cry, Luo Zheng associated it with the breathing and laughter coming from the tunnel. If there really was a baby, then the baby in the desert was probably the same as the baby in the maze.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng jumped up against the wind and sand. Then, he saw an astonishing scene.
In the center of the desert was a low basin formed by circular sand dunes. A golden cross-shaped pattern floated in the middle of the basin. Below the cross-shaped pattern, there was a faint shadow of a baby.
The baby's shadow exuded a powerful aura, as if it wanted to completely condense into a shape.
However, the sand formed by time formed huge five-colored tornadoes that kept sweeping over the baby's body.
Every time the baby tried to condense into a shape, the five-colored tornadoes would roll towards the baby and tear the baby's shadow to pieces, preventing it from condensing into a shape.
"Wah, wah …"
The baby seemed to be very stubborn. It cried as it reformed.
The speed of his condensation became faster and faster, while the tearing speed of the five-colored tornadoes became slower and slower.
"If this continues, the baby will take shape sooner or later," Luo Zheng said in the air.
Just as Luo Zheng had predicted, the baby's shadow became more and more solid. Luo Zheng could almost see the baby's smooth skin. The cross-shaped pattern floating above the baby's head slowly descended and was about to stick to the baby's forehead.
But at this moment, a huge mouth suddenly opened in the dark sky, and a vast amount of Time Seawater poured down from the mouth.
All the Time Seawater poured down on the baby's body. The Time Seawater destroyed the baby's condensed body without any suspense, and the excess Time Seawater seeped into the desert.
Although the baby's shadow was destroyed, the cross-shaped pattern on its head did not disappear. It was still floating quietly in the center of the basin.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to observe for a while, but the five-colored tornadoes that were raging in the basin seemed to have discovered Luo Zheng and flew towards him at an incredible speed.
Although Luo Zheng was not afraid of the sand formed by time, the situation would be different if he was swept into the tornadoes.
Luo Zheng jumped in fright, and without any hesitation, he shot down.
He could still see the complete space-time wall. The moment he drilled through the wall, he returned to the corridor.
Only then did Luo Zheng let out a deep breath.
The scene that happened in the desert should have happened in the past. What did the baby's shadow represent? Why would the Time Seawater pour down on its body?
Just as Luo Zheng returned to the corridor, the giggling sound was heard again.
"Rumble …"
In the depths of the corridor, there was another spiral rushing over.
Since the space-time walls on both sides of the corridor could be entered and exited at will, Luo Zheng did not panic at all.
This time, he deliberately chose the wall on the left, wanting to see what was in the space-time on the left.
Unexpectedly, after he drilled into the space-time, he was greeted by the same five-colored sandstorm. The scene inside was exactly the same as the one on the right. It was a small desert with a ring-shaped hill. In the basin below the hill, there was a cross-shaped pattern and a baby's shadow.
The scene that Luo Zheng saw before reappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes. It was another baby struggling and crying under several colorful tornadoes.
"Is it the same space-time?"
Luo Zheng was suspicious, but when he saw the baby's shadow struggling, Luo Zheng immediately rejected this idea.
Although it was the same baby's shadow, the way it struggled was completely different from before. This showed that this kind of thing had happened more than once in the desert!
After the baby's shadow struggled for a long time, just as it was about to take shape, Luo Zheng subconsciously looked up at the pitch-black sky above.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, another big mouth opened in the sky. The Time Seawater poured down from the sky and poured down on the baby's body.
Luo Zheng just shook his head and returned to the corridor.
At this stage, he did not know what this meant. Fortunately, he could use the space-time walls on both sides of the corridor to avoid the spiral. This way, he could still move forward according to the Immeasurable Ruler's instructions.
"Giggle …"
As Luo Zheng moved forward in the corridor, the baby's laughter moved forward in his ears.
But now, he had calmly drilled into the space-time wall. After the spiral left, Luo Zheng returned to the corridor again.
Shuttling back and forth like this, Luo Zheng became more and more proficient.
Although the baby's strange laughter became more and more frequent, and the spirals from the end of the corridor became more and more numerous, it did not affect Luo Zheng's speed.
As for the strange situation in the desert on both sides of the corridor, Luo Zheng was too lazy to observe it one by one. What he saw each time was almost the same.
After moving forward like this for another hour, Luo Zheng suddenly heard the whistling sound of a flute.
Along with the whistling sound of the flute, a fine grain of colorful sand came from the end of the corridor and brushed past Luo Zheng's face. It was as if someone had cut his face with a knife.

Chapter 2576
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Engulf
After Luo Zheng turned the corner, he saw the end of the tunnel.
Just as he had expected, the end of the tunnel was a desert made of fine, multicolored sand.
Strong winds blew, sweeping up the fine, multicolored sand and sending it into the tunnel.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. He strode straight into the desert. The desert in front of him was exactly the same as the one he had seen in the space-time on both sides of the tunnel.
However, he knew that the deserts in the space-time were all in the past. The desert in front of him represented the present!
The only difference was that the wind in this desert seemed to be much weaker. The tornadoes that had swept through the desert had also disappeared. Luo Zheng's gaze swept around. The center of the desert was originally surrounded by sand dunes. However, at this moment, the sand dunes had already collapsed …
"Did that baby crawl out of the basin in the center of the sand dunes?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, a giggling sound rang in Luo Zheng's ears again. Luo Zheng then saw a huge baby on the other side of the sand dune.
The cross-shaped pattern that was originally hanging in the air had already descended on the baby's head. The baby was sitting on the ground and playing with the sand on the ground.
He saw the baby insert his hands into the sand. After gently kneading the sand, he suddenly threw it at Luo Zheng!
After the sand was kneaded into a ball, it turned into a multicolored spiral and strangled towards Luo Zheng!
Whoosh!
The multicolored spiral didn't fly very fast. Luo Zheng's figure gently turned and flew in the air, avoiding the spiral.
"Ge ge ge …"
However, the baby didn't seem to care. With a naive and unaffected appearance, he still tirelessly picked up the sand and gently kneaded it before throwing it at Luo Zheng.
That spiral was still easily avoided by Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng's position changed, he suddenly discovered that the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind had also changed direction.
In other words, the Immeasurable Ruler wasn't pointing at a certain place in the labyrinth, but at the baby!
"The Infinite Ruler is guiding me to this baby?" Luo Zheng's eyes twitched slightly, but he still didn't understand what this baby represented.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, the baby suddenly crawled up from the desert.
The baby's body was three to four hundred feet tall. It looked like a tall building. Unexpectedly, it strode straight towards Luo Zheng.
"Dong dong dong …"
Under this constant running, Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of oppression.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng chose to retreat. The baby was not slow, so it was easy for him to distance himself from the baby.
But just as he retreated, the baby suddenly let out a strange cry.
"Wow!"
This strange cry contained a trace of anger.
When Luo Zheng heard the sound, his whole body suddenly shook violently, as if a huge bell was ringing in his ears. He couldn't move at all, as if he had been immobilized. He could only watch as the baby ran over!
At this moment, 9527 spoke again, "Can't you see? This baby is a newborn will, and it wants to devour you. "
"A newborn will? Devour me? "Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Along the way, Luo Zheng had been observing the movements in the labyrinth. 9527 was also observing and thinking.
At first, when he saw the scene in the space-time on the wall of the tunnel, he also didn't understand. But when Luo Zheng really came to this desert, he roughly guessed the cause and effect.
"Actually, when I first followed you to the Divine Realm, I didn't understand how the Divine Realm maintained its purity …" 9527 said faintly.
"What do you mean by purity … Hurry up, that guy is rushing over," Luo Zheng said anxiously.
This baby looked innocent, but who knew what kind of ability it had?
It could freeze him with just its laughter. Luo Zheng was afraid that it would be difficult for him to defeat it.
However, 9527 was not worried. "Don't panic. A newborn will is very simple. It doesn't have many tricks. At most, it will just devour you and inherit your will …"
"Devour me?" Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but the expression on his face was wooden. Just now, he couldn't even control the expression on his face. "You're not saying that this baby is the consciousness of the Divine Realm, are you? But it's so small! "
Luo Zheng had also thought about this problem. His world's consciousness had been born in the Dayan Universe, but that world's consciousness was still within the scope of control. However, he had never seen anything similar in the Divine Realm, so he had some guesses about it.
"Yes," 9527 agreed. "Generally, once a world is out of one's control, it will develop its own will. This law of the Great World Cultivation Method is unavoidable. Logically speaking, the Divine Realm must have developed its own consciousness after being out of Chi You's control for so long. However, Chi You seems to have used the Sea of Time to constantly suppress this consciousness. What you saw in the space-time on both sides of the tunnel was the process of suppression."
For countless years, this process had been constantly repeated.
Every time a newborn will began to condense, the Sea of Time would pour down and tear it to pieces. This cycle repeated over and over again.
"But why is this will condensing now?" Luo Zheng asked.
9527 shook his head. "I'm not sure. This will has not been condensed for long. It should have just been born. Maybe there was a mistake in one of the links, or … the person responsible for crushing the newborn will has died?"
9527's guess was infinitely close to the truth.
The person responsible for repeatedly crushing the newborn will of the Divine Realm was the female leader of the Blind Tribe. Since she took over the Sea of Time, this had become her mission.
When she discovered that the Saint Mountain had arrived in advance, she already knew that the Infinite Ruler had been activated. Of course, she also knew that her mission was over. In order to prevent herself from being threatened, she decisively ended her life.
"No matter what the problem is, the biggest problem now is how to deal with this guy," Luo Zheng said to 9527 in his mind.
"Actually, the newborn will is very pure. It has just been born and has almost no distracting thoughts and self-awareness. That's why it is in the form of a baby. Even if it swallows you, your memory will quickly affect it. At that time, it will become you, so it doesn't matter if it is swallowed …" 9527 said.
"Are you kidding?" Luo Zheng shouted in his mind.
Although 9527's words made some sense, even if he was swallowed by the baby, if the two merged into one, Luo Zheng would still be Luo Zheng. However, the baby would probably be affected by his messy memory and eventually become Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2577
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fusion
"Dong dong dong..."
The baby sprinted over, leaving huge footprints in the desert.
Although he looked innocent and cute, he gave Luo Zheng a chilling feeling.
"In that case, I can only reluctantly help you one more time. To be honest, if this newborn will was allowed to grow for another one or two years, I would not be able to do anything to him. But now, there should be no problem," 9527 said.
"You can fight against this newborn will?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"How is that possible... This is the will of the Domain of the Gods. Even if he has just been born, it is impossible for me to fight against him. I can only guide him," 9527 said.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "How do you guide him?"
"Just treat yourself as his food!"
After 9527 finished speaking, a light green soul suddenly drilled out of Luo Zheng's chest.
This soul was also a split of 9527, or a very small part of 9527 himself. But this part of the soul contained some of 9527's memories.
"Dong dong dong..."
The baby was only a few hundred feet away from Luo Zheng. As a newborn will, he did not have a physical body. Even if he turned into the shape of a baby, it was not a real body.
In this form, the baby was very sensitive to the power of the soul. The green soul quickly attracted his attention.
"Whoosh!"
Under the control of 9527, the split of the soul was very cooperative. After circling in the air, it hit the baby's mouth. The split of the soul was swallowed by the baby just like that.
The baby smacked his lips and looked at Luo Zheng as if he had tasted something delicious. He knew that Luo Zheng should have something delicious like this.
But just as he stepped out, his huge body suddenly trembled. A wisp of green gradually appeared in his originally pure eyes, and his eyes gradually became dull. He actually walked unsteadily towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also found that his body could move. He asked curiously, "What did you do?"
It seemed that 9527 had tamed the baby.
"It's very simple. He swallowed the split soul, and the newborn will was contaminated by me. There was only one will in the split soul, which was to become Luo Zheng's food, so he also thought he was your food," 9527 said lightly.
Hearing such an answer, Luo Zheng was speechless. The newborn will of the Domain of the Gods was so easily tamed?
9527 also knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, and explained disdainfully, "I told you, you can just let the newborn will swallow it, and you will still be the one to survive in the end. I just used a different method, and the result is the same."
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. Despite what 9527 said, he would not allow himself to be devoured by this guy.
As the baby got closer and closer, his body began to shrink rapidly. Finally, he became palm-sized and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng still had a vigilant look on his face. When the baby got into Luo Zheng's mind and showed no intention of attacking, he was sure that the newborn will was indeed for him to swallow. Without any hesitation, he absorbed it into his soul.
It was very difficult for two different souls to merge. Even if it did, it would cause a lot of problems. For example, possession would mean expelling the other soul, or directly crushing it into pieces. This was the saying that two tigers could not live on the same mountain.
But in the newborn will, there was no other thought except for 9527's split soul. It was very pure, and Luo Zheng had no difficulty in swallowing it.
However, swallowing the newborn will of the Domain of the Gods was not something that could be done in an instant. After all, the newborn will of the Domain of the Gods was born from the entire Domain of the Gods, and its own will was still very large.
After a full four hours, a cross-shaped pattern quietly appeared between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. This cross-shaped pattern appeared in a flash, and then quietly disappeared into his forehead.
"Hum …"
As Luo Zheng opened his eyes, the Saint Mountain, which was originally floating steadily in the air, suddenly shook.
Luo Zheng looked at his hands, and then looked at the world around him. Suddenly, he felt that everything was a little different. His understanding of the entire Domain of the Gods seemed to have crossed a level. Some knowledge and abilities that did not belong to him originally appeared out of thin air in his body.
This feeling of having everything in his mind was very strange, and even made him a little unaccustomed.
He looked down, and with just a thought, the colorful desert suddenly became active. The grains of sand quickly arranged themselves, like closely arranged soldiers.
The desert disappeared, and in its place was a colorful staircase.
Luo Zheng followed the staircase and slowly walked toward the passageway. The passageway in the maze was originally crooked, and it was impossible to walk out without the guidance of the Immeasurable Ruler. However, all the passageways were changing their direction and shape. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a straight path.
However, this maze was too huge. Even if it was a straight path, it would take a long time to run. However, Luo Zheng just stepped on the passageway, and his figure disappeared. He suddenly appeared at the other end of the passageway, which was the entrance that connected to the interior of the Saint Mountain.
Inside the Saint Mountain …
The competition between the Quasi-sages and the Perfect True Gods had reached a white-hot stage.
Around the three Holy Springs, there were actually two that were empty!
It was not that they did not want to continue challenging the Holy Springs, but at this stage of the competition, everyone was already an arrow at the end of its flight. Whoever rushed into the Holy Springs would be ambushed by the other party. Once the ambush succeeded, it would be fatal. Therefore, those Quasi-sages who were powerful simply stood aside and watched.
They were stuffing supreme-grade elixirs into their mouths as if they were free. They all hoped to recover to their best state in the shortest time possible.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already swept across the plain and was heading straight for the Holy Springs.
His speed seemed very slow, and he was just floating leisurely. However, his absolute speed was actually astonishingly fast.
The scale of space seemed to have lost its effect on him. The distance of one Zhang that he moved forward was the distance of one Zhang that others moved. To create this effect, one could only use the Greater Teleportation. However, Luo Zheng obviously did not use it. There was not even a fluctuation of space around him.
Someone saw Luo Zheng and his strange way of moving. "Everyone, look! Luo Zheng is coming out again!"
In view of Luo Zheng's frightening power, no one dared to ignore him. Everyone looked over in unison.
"Why is he back again?"
"Don't tell me he's planning to snatch another Holy Spring?"
"Maybe he'll try again!"
These people suddenly became nervous. They knew that Luo Zheng's attempt to bathe in the Holy Springs had failed. Luo Zheng would definitely be unresigned.
If Luo Zheng forcibly occupied another Holy Spring, they would be helpless.

Chapter 2578
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Means
Luo Zheng stopped in mid-air, and those quasi-sages and Great Perfection True Gods' hearts skipped a beat.
Just now, Luo Zheng was traveling at a strange speed, and they couldn't observe Luo Zheng at all. Now that they looked closely, they discovered something strange.
Luo Zheng's aura seemed to have changed again …
That gentle aura contained the aura of a monarch, and those quasi-sages and Great Perfection True Gods felt a hint of submission in their hearts!
Those who could cultivate into quasi-sages and Great Perfection True Gods were all geniuses in the Divine Realm. They all had ambitions and desires to strive for the position of Sage, and they didn't even hesitate to risk their lives for it!
Sages and some Nirvana Realm experts could indeed make them revere them, but it was very difficult to make them submit.
With just a glance, they felt the urge to submit. Their faces were full of astonishment, wondering why they felt this way.
"Fight for your Holy Spring?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. With a light wave of his hand, everyone felt a tremor in the plains.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
Under everyone's gaze, silver Holy Springs gushed out from the plains.
At a glance, there were more than 100 Holy Springs. The silver Holy Spring formed a ring, just like a magnificent fountain.
"This, this …"
"So many Holy Springs!"
"Doesn't that mean everyone can become a Sage?"
The quasi-sages and Great Perfection True Gods' eyes almost popped out.
Even if they exhausted their imaginations, they couldn't imagine this scene. Luo Zheng could create so many Holy Springs with a casual wave of his hand? Why?
No matter how strange they felt, no matter how incomprehensible they felt, the truth was right in front of them. An impossible scene had happened just like that.
"Everyone, there's no need to kill each other! Haha, I can become a Sage too! "
"Me too!"
"There are so many Holy Springs, we have enough to share!"
These people weren't willing to kill each other, but there were only so many opportunities to become a Sage. In the past, only one Holy Spring would appear when the Sage Mountain descended, and the competition was even more intense.
Now that so many Holy Springs suddenly appeared, they were all wild with joy.
"Huff huff huff …"
Just as these people rushed towards the Holy Springs, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and waved it gently.
The Holy Spring that was originally soaring into the sky quickly calmed down and disappeared into the ground without a trace.
Those people stopped and looked at Luo Zheng. They were all stunned and didn't know what to say, but their faces were full of pleading.
"I'll have to change the rules for sainthood in the future …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he continued to fly towards the distant canyon at a moderate speed.
The crowd was silent for a long time as they watched him leave. It was not until Luo Zheng disappeared into the canyon that they exploded.
"What's wrong with this Luo Zheng?"
"He can even change the rules of Sainthood?"
"Don't forget what he got from being able to control these holy springs!"
These people were so shocked that they even forgot to fight for the remaining three Holy Springs.
…
…
The Xuanyuan Guards on the Sea of Time didn't stay idle.
Even if Emperor Hanqing didn't let Han Cangyan successfully kill Luo Zheng, he still had some value, and that was to use up all his Shenwu coins to write a rule on the Governing Slate!
Pang Miao had originally planned to use this rule to fight against the Chiyou Guards outside the Divine Realm.
However, since Lord Wei Xian had unexpectedly arrived, this rule was no longer needed. Thus, Pang Miao decisively changed the rules and ordered Emperor Hanqing to write a rule against Luo Zheng.
Pang Miao couldn't predict the consequences of Luo Zheng entering the Sage Mountain, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Thus, he ordered Emperor Hanqing to write an extremely strict rule.
The stricter the rule, the more Shenwu coins would be used. However, Emperor Hanqing had collected quite a lot of Shenwu coins. Apart from a small portion that couldn't be sent over due to the distance, most of the Shenwu coins in the Divine Realm had been sent to Han Jia.
Emperor Hanqing melted all of his Shenwu coins into ink and wrote a rule against Luo Zheng on the Governing Slate.
An accident happened while he was writing the rule. Emperor Hanqing wanted Luo Zheng to die in the Sage Mountain, but when he started writing, he realized that the rule couldn't involve the Sage Mountain. Once it did, the rule would disappear on its own.
Emperor Hanqing had no choice but to change the rule. "As long as Luo Zheng steps foot into the Divine Realm …"
This was no longer a rule, but a curse.
If a curse like this targeted an entire group, it would cost an astronomical amount of Shenwu coins. Even if all of the Shenwu coins in the Divine Realm were used up, they wouldn't be able to write a single word. After all, this rule had already broken the balance of the Divine Realm. When Chiyou designed the Governing Slate, he probably didn't allow for this rule to exist.
But now, this rule was only targeted at Luo Zheng. The cost of the Shenwu coins was still within an acceptable range. Emperor Hanqing had spent almost all of the Shenwu coins that Han Jia had plundered during this time to just barely finish writing the rule.
Now, all they had to do was wait. As long as Luo Zheng left the Sage Mountain and was killed by this rule, they could rest easy.
With Master Wei Xian outside the Divine Realm, no one in the Divine Realm would be able to stand up to him. Everything would progress in the right direction …
As for the other Xuan Yuan Guards, they didn't linger on the Sea of Time.
When Luo Zheng and the others entered the Sage Mountain, Shi Qiaoqiao had helped Luo Zheng and the others by silencing the entire Divine Realm so that Luo Zheng and the others could enter the Sage Mountain. But at the last moment, Pang Miao used the Sea Splitter Tooth to break Shi Qiaoqiao's Silencing Scepter.
Pang Miao was furious about this and had Pu Zhe and Hou Bo track down Shi Qiaoqiao's whereabouts.
When Shi Qiaoqiao used the Silencing Scepter of All Gods, it created a powerful energy wave. This wave would quickly dissipate, but it would remain for a long time. It was difficult to detect, but it wasn't a problem for Hou Bo.
Not only that, but Hou Bo could also use the space wave created by Greater Shift to determine the direction of the Greater Shift. The two of them followed the space wave and followed it.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Saint Jiu were very careful. After Luo Zheng successfully entered the Sage Mountain, they kept teleporting in the Divine Realm. They teleported hundreds of times in a row before finally stopping in a small, unknown place. From what they saw, this place was absolutely safe.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Saint Jiu didn't want to enter the chaos because they wanted to observe Luo Zheng's success.
"The universe shook twice, which means two people became saints. But the last wave didn't come. Did something happen to one of the three?" Shi Qiaoqiao guessed with a frown.
Saint Jiu agreed with Shi Qiaoqiao, but he still said, "The Battle of the Sage Mountain won't end so quickly. Our guesses are useless. Everything depends on the final result."

Chapter 2579
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The power of the Governing Slate
Shi Qiaoqiao and Saint Jiu both looked up.
When they sensed the two's auras, their eyes widened!
It was the Xuanyuan Guard!
They had already seen the strength of these two Xuanyuan Guards.
Therefore, the moment he saw them, there was only one thought in his mind: Run! And they had to run into the universe!
They had used greater teleportation so many times, yet these two Paramita Realm experts were able to follow them. They must have some kind of tracking secret technique. It was unrealistic to play a game of cat and mouse in the divine realm, so the only place they could go was Saint Jiu's universe, which was the Forbidden Land of God Refinement where Luo Zheng had once cultivated.
After all, the universe was protected by the laws of the Governing Slate. Even the Xuanyuan Guard did not dare to casually invade it.
Saint Jiu did not hesitate at all. He waved his hand, and the space in front of him rippled. The two were about to disappear into the ripples.
In the air, Uncle Hou sneered and softly spat out a word, "Seal!"
"Crack …"
The space within a radius of a thousand miles was instantly sealed.
The gods living in the surroundings did not notice anything strange, but the ripples in front of Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao quickly calmed down and disappeared without a trace.
"Trying to escape in front of us? Aren't you overthinking it? "
Pu Zhe relaxed his body. The power surging out of his body was rapidly gathering. He was like a lurking cheetah, ready to explode with a fatal blow at any time.
Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao narrowed their eyes. They did not expect the Xuanyuan Guard to be able to find them. If they had known earlier, they would have fled to the universe or even the outer realm after Luo Zheng entered the Saint Mountain.
Uncle Hou also smiled faintly. "Anyone who attacks the Xuanyuan Guard will have to pay the price."
The two Xuanyuan Guards slowly descended and walked toward Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao. In the eyes of the Xuanyuan Guard, a Saint and a Perfect True God were lambs waiting to be slaughtered.
However, Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao did not intend to sit still and wait for death. Their minds were spinning wildly, and one idea after another emerged as they tried to break out of this hopeless situation.
…
…
Luo Zheng's figure fluttered lightly and soon arrived at the gate of the Sage Mountain.
Without stopping, he took a step forward and merged into the silver passageway.
The Sages of the Divine Domain were all floating around the Saint Mountain. The result of the Saint Mountain was very important to them. They also wanted to know who had successfully become a Saint and who had failed.
Logically speaking, there was still quite a long time before the Saint Mountain closed. Normally, no one would choose to withdraw midway.
However, at this moment, ripples appeared on the surface of the door at the bottom of the Sage Mountain, and a figure stepped out from it.
"Luo Zheng?" Tang Lun frowned slightly.
"He didn't become a Saint?" Mu Haiji was also surprised.
The Saints of the Grand Alliance had seen Luo Zheng's strength. With his strength, there wasn't the slightest problem in competing with those quasi-sages.
Since Luo Zheng had entered, one of the Holy Springs would definitely belong to him. Mu Haiji and the others had already discussed this issue …
"Since he hasn't become a Saint, I'm afraid it'll be extremely miserable for him to come out like this," Fang Shixing said faintly.
The Xuan Yuan Guards were also staring at the Saint Mountain. How could they let Luo Zheng go just like that?
However, these Saints didn't expect that Pang Miao and Emperor Hanqing had thought deeper than they did. They had already engraved the rule of certain death for Luo Zheng on the Governing Slate.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Domain from the Saint Mountain, this rule was activated.
In the center of the Governing Slate, the most eye-catching rule flashed with a golden light. Even the mountain bearing the Governing Slate began to tremble.
A powerful heavenly aura began to gather.
"Crackle, crackle, crackle …"
The azure lightning gathered from the Governing Slate was a thousand times, ten thousand times stronger than before!
The terrifying lightning emitted a power that enveloped the Time Sea from above and covered every Grand Alliance.
The Grand Alliance's Floating Island couldn't withstand this huge pressure and began to shake violently like a sailboat in the sea. Some of the Grand Alliance's disciples at the edge of the Floating Island were accidentally thrown off the Floating Island and fell into the Time Sea.
However, most of the Floating Island's disciples fell to the ground almost immediately. It wasn't that they were willing to do so, but that they simply couldn't withstand the pressure from above! This terrifying pressure directly pressed them to the ground!
All of the Floating Island's disciples had expressions of fear on their faces.
"What the hell is this? Is it the end of the world?"
"Who knows … It hasn't been easy for me to join the Floating Island for two years. These two years, the Floating Island really hasn't been peaceful. If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have come!"
"Why, why do I feel like the Floating Island is sinking!"
The Floating Island was indeed sinking, and that terrifying pressure was still increasing. The huge pressure was like an invisible hand pressing down on the Floating Island.
These Floating Islands relied on the Grand Alliance's array and the Floating Island's own buoyancy to float in the air. However, under the increasing pressure, the Floating Island couldn't withstand it and naturally fell into the Time Sea.
The first to fall into the Time Sea was the Luo Family's Floating Island.
Ever since the last Floating Island Ranking, the Zhou Family's Floating Island had sunk into the Time Sea, and the Luo Family's Floating Island was ranked last.
If nothing unexpected happened, the Luo Family's Floating Island would only fall into the Time Sea the next Floating Island Ranking.
However, the sudden pressure sped up this process, pushing the Luo Family's Floating Island into the Time Sea ahead of time.
Almost without any suspense, the huge Floating Island was rapidly disintegrated in the Time Sea, torn apart, and disappeared without a trace.
The Luo Family's Floating Island had fallen into the Time Sea, and the other Floating Islands couldn't escape this fate either. The Xie Family's Floating Island and the Liu Family's Floating Island, which were ranked second from the bottom, were about to enter the Time Sea.
These two Floating Islands were different from the Luo Family's Floating Island. The Luo Family's Floating Island was empty, but these two Floating Islands were full of Grand Alliance's disciples!
Some True Gods with quick reactions noticed that something was wrong and wanted to escape through the teleportation array. However, under the huge pressure, it was extremely difficult for them to move a single step. Only a portion of the guards who were guarding the teleportation array successfully escaped through the teleportation array.
Just as the Xie Family's Floating Island was about to fall into the Time Sea, the Xie Family's Saint, Xie Fantian, finally appeared.
Seeing the situation of his Floating Island, Xie Fantian's expression changed. With a flash, he appeared below the Floating Island.
At this moment, the bottom of the Floating Island was only a few feet away from the Time Sea. Almost half of Xie Fantian's body was submerged in the Time Sea, but he still used his shoulder to support the Floating Island.

Chapter 2580
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Most Powerful Lightning Punishment
The Xie Clan's Saint supported his floating island in time, and the Liu Clan's Saint followed closely behind.
Then came the Bai Clan, Zhao Clan, Li Clan, Qin Clan, Mu Clan …
Actually, the secondary sages on the floating islands also had the ability to support a floating island, but all the secondary sages were competing for the position of Saint in Saint Mountain, so this kind of thing could only be done by the Saints themselves.
However, not all of the thirty-six floating islands had Saints appearing.
Under Emperor Hanqing's coercion, the Dongfang Clan had long since abandoned their floating island, and the entire island was empty.
Without a Saint to support the floating island, under the immense pressure, the floating island naturally fell freely to the ground and smashed downwards …
By the same logic, the Sword Clan and the Xuanyue Clan chose not to submit to Emperor Hanqing and took their disciples away. These two clans also had no Saints to support them.
As a result, the top three floating islands began to fall, which was quite a spectacle.
In the process of falling, the Sword Clan's and Dongfang Clan's floating islands almost smashed into the Tang Clan's floating island. It was Tang Lun who supported the floating island and exploded with a huge force to move it some distance away, which was why the Tang Clan's floating island was spared.
In the end, the three floating islands all fell into the Sea of Time and disappeared without a trace.
The Sacred Halls were still floating steadily in the air without falling at all. Pang Miao's feet stood on the ground of the Sacred Halls, and his entire body seemed to be glued to them. Just this alone was enough to stabilize the Sacred Halls.
He looked at the azure light gathering above his head, and his eyelids kept twitching.
The activation of the Governing Slate meant that Luo Zheng had left Saint Mountain alive.
However, there was no joy on Pang Miao's face.
The power of the Governing Slate represented the power of the divine realm. The power of the Governing Slate under the activation of Shenwu coins far exceeded Pang Miao's imagination. Even as a three-star Xuanyuan Guard, Pang Miao felt a trace of fear in the face of this power.
If Luo Zheng was killed by the Governing Slate's power of laws, that would naturally be for the best …
What if Luo Zheng really inherited the Nascent Will and was not afraid of the power of laws, and could even control it?
Pang Miao didn't dare to imagine.
"Crackle …"
Those azure lightning bolts coiled together like countless horned dragons. After accumulating for a while, they shot up into the sky.
The pressure that had been pouring down disappeared without a trace. All the disciples of the wealthy families immediately felt their chests relax, and all of them opened their mouths to breathe heavily.
When Pang Miao saw the Thunder Punishment heading straight for the Saint Mountain north of the Time Sea, a ferocious glint flashed across his eyes. Victory or defeat would be decided here. He stretched out his hand and grabbed gently. The Sea Cracking Tooth, which was placed in the middle of the Saint Hall, vibrated and emitted a strong smell of blood.
He and the Sea Cracker Tooth disappeared from where they were and appeared in the north of the Sea of Time in the next moment.
Along with Pang Miao were Hu Yan and Cha Yao.
The three Xuan Yuan Guards looked at each other. Although they didn't say anything, they knew that the outcome would be decided here.
As long as he could kill Luo Zheng, everything would be over.
There was still some hope in their hearts.
Perhaps Luo Zheng didn't obtain the nascent intent, and they were just alarmed for nothing. Even making Emperor Hanqing waste so many Shenwu coins was a big fuss.
Perhaps the nascent intent in the Divine Dominion had a lot of restrictions. Chi You chose to suppress the nascent intent from the start. He wasn't happy to see the nascent intent being born. Even if it was born, it would be greatly restricted. Therefore, even if it fused with the intent, it couldn't be called the master of the Divine Dominion.
When the Saints realized that the pressure had disappeared, they also followed the Thunder Punishment after stabilizing the floating island. They wanted to know who this Thunder Punishment was targeting.
This was especially true for Emperor Hanqing. After losing his trump card, Han Cangyan, he could only place his hopes on the Governance Slate. If he could kill Luo Zheng, he would be able to make up for his mistakes and perhaps stabilize his position in front of Pang Miao.
Crackle …
The Thunder Punishment was originally very fast. Even though the Time Sea was huge, a bolt of lightning could cross it in the blink of an eye.
However, the lightning punishment unleashed by the Governing Slate was extremely special. It was like a lightning dragon slowly spiraling through the air. Its speed could not be considered fast, but it could not be considered slow either. It took about a dozen breaths to cross the sea of time.
When the Governance Slate was activated, Luo Zheng noticed it.
He just stood at the foot of the Saint Mountain without moving. He quietly waited for the Thunder Punishment to descend.
When the lightning punishment appeared on the Saint Mountain, a terrifying pressure descended from the sky. In a hurry, a few of the Saints were pushed back by the pressure, causing them to sway.
"The Governance Slate's Thunder Punishment is descending on Luo Zheng?"
"The Governance Slate shouldn't have such a powerful law, right? How did Luo Zheng activate it? "
"Could it be the Xuan Yuan Wei?"
Some of the Saints were confused. Even Mu Haiji, Tang Lun, and Leng Yao were confused.
In truth, they could relate it to the huge amount of Shenwu coins that Han Jia took away. However, they weren't allowed to get close to the Governance Slate. They didn't know what kind of law Emperor Han Qing had written on it.
These Saints couldn't have imagined that the majority of the Shenwu coins in the Divine Realm were written on Luo Zheng alone!
Whoosh …
The enormous pressure disrupted the airflow, forming a hurricane.
Luo Zheng's pitch-black hair danced in the wind. He glanced indifferently at Pang Miao in the distance.
The huge fish bone next to Pang Miao exuded a thick stench of blood. Pang Miao should've used this item to break Shi Xiaoqiao's Scepter of Silence before entering the Saint Mountain.
The blood of the True Gods and Divine Folk that had been harvested from the world should've been sacrificed to this fish bone, right?
Seeing Pang Miao's complicated gaze, Luo Zheng tilted his head. The corners of his mouth rose slightly, revealing an amiable smile. He then raised his hand.
The Thunder Punishment circling in the sky finally descended. Luo Zheng raised his hand.
Boom!
The surging Thunder Punishment poured down on Luo Zheng like mercury, crazily tearing at his body.
The azure light became extremely dazzling. Even saints and Nirvana Realm powerhouses could not look straight at it. They could not see Luo Zheng's figure with their eyes, and the divine senses that they sent out were torn into pieces before they could even come into contact with the Thunder Punishment Lightning.
"Rumble …"
Every time the Lightning Punishment roared, the Sages would frown.
The power contained within was too great. Tang Lun, who was watching from afar, opened his mouth but didn't say a word in the end.
He originally wanted to say that he wouldn't last more than a blink of an eye in the Thunder Punishment.
Even Pang Miao, Huyan, and other Nirvana Realm elites were scared out of their wits, let alone Saints like Tang Lun. They even felt a faint sense of relief.
Fortunately, they supported Dongfang Chunjun back then and brought the Sanctuary under their control.
If the rich and powerful of the Divine Realm worked together and used Shenwu coins to set a law against Nirvana Realm elites,

Chapter 2581
Kill!
The lightning tribulation lasted for an entire incense stick's worth of time. The blazing white light made the eyes of the Saints feel uncomfortable, and the endless rumbling was deafening.
After an incense stick's worth of time, the lightning tribulation gradually calmed down.
The lightning began to shrink, finally forming the silhouette of a person, like a statue plated with lightning.
When Emperor Hanqing saw the silhouette, he tightly clenched his fists, his face filled with nervousness.
Pang Miao's expression was also grave. Even someone as calm as him felt his mind constantly fluctuate.
Crackle …
Arcs of lightning still curled around the silhouette, but the scale was much smaller.
As the lightning faded, Luo Zheng's figure was finally revealed.
At that moment, all the Saints' eyes suddenly widened, as if they had seen through some inconceivable truth.
"He's safe and sound …" Mu Haiji muttered.
Some of the Saints with faster reactions understood what this meant.
Crackle crackle crackle …
All the lightning that had faded gathered in Luo Zheng's hand, forming a pocket-sized lightning dragon that coiled around his hand.
Luo Zheng stared at the pocket-sized dragon for a while, then raised his head and looked at the distant Pang Miao, "Is this the result you wanted?"
Pang Miao's entire body stiffened in the air, the corners of his eyes twitching.
The Xuan Yuan Guards had been imprisoned for so many years, and had fantasized countless times about being able to leave the Origin Seal.
One day, they would achieve their long-cherished wish, but who would have thought that they would have to face such a result? How could he accept this?
"Attack! Kill him for me! "Pang Miao roared.
Pang Miao's orders were not to be disobeyed, but none of the Saints moved.
Even such a powerful lightning tribulation could not kill Luo Zheng. Were they going to throw their lives away?
Just as the Saints were feeling conflicted, Hu Yan and Cha Yao charged forward.
In the end, their standpoints were different from the Saints. This battle could only be one of them, and they had no way out.
Pang Miao stretched out his hand, and the Sea Cracker Fang opened its mouth. Streaks of blood-red light began to brew in its mouth.
When the three Xuan Yuan Guardians were about to attack, an invisible force came from extremely far away.
Under the influence of that power, the Sages all started to fall …
"Shi Xiaoqiao?"
After feeling that power, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
Shi Xiaoqiao rarely used the Scepter of Silence. She was definitely in danger now that she had used it.
If she was still in the God Realm, only the Xuan Yuan Guard would be able to force her into such a dangerous situation.
Two of the five Xuan Yuan Guards were missing!
In a split second, Luo Zheng made a judgment in his heart.
"Looks like … we need to stop for a while." Luo Zheng smiled at Pang Miao and the others who were about to attack.
His entire body began to turn illusory, and then he disappeared from where he stood …
After merging with the Nascent Will, Luo Zheng's understanding of God's Domain entered an unprecedented stage.
Everything in God's Domain was so transparent, and all secrets were presented in front of him without reservation.
He thought about Shi Xiaoqiao's location, and that location would naturally appear in his mind, as if it was something he should know. This was the power of omniscience.
The current God Realm was like the world in Luo Zheng's body to him!
In that small region, Shi Xiaoqiao made a desperate attempt to fight back against Pu Zhe, once again using the Scepter of Silence.
But after the entire space was sealed, the Scepter of Silence's power was unable to unseal it. Sage Jiu was still unable to use Greater Teleportation to bring Shi Xiaoqiao into the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Fortunately, they could fly. As long as they charged out of this five-hundred-kilometer range, they would be fine.
The two of them did not hesitate, transforming into two streaks of light that flew into the distance.
Hou Bo and Pu Zhe were unable to fly after being sealed, but Pu Zhe displayed his astonishing physique at this moment.
This small region was covered in mountains and steep ridges, but Pu Zhe was like a wild cheetah. His speed on the ground was not any slower than Shi Xiaoqiao and Sage Jiu's flying speed!
"He's following us!" Shi Xiaoqiao's face was filled with shock.
"As long as we can charge out of this five-hundred-kilometer range, it's fine. Let's increase our speed!" Sage Jiu was also shocked, but he still spoke in a calm tone.
However, Shi Xiaoqiao's Scepter of Silence could only last for six breaths of time!
Even though Sage Jiu and Shi Xiaoqiao tried their best to escape, after six breaths of time, they were still unable to escape this space.
The Scepter of Silence's duration ended, and Pu Zhe's eyes flashed with madness. He laughed loudly. "You think you can escape from me with just the two of you? Wishful thinking, hahaha … "
With that said, he suddenly leapt, his feet stomping on a mountain range that collapsed. As Pu Zhe leapt, he had already passed through space and appeared in front of Shi Xiaoqiao.
Hou Bo also used Greater Teleportation, standing at an even higher place. The current situation did not require him to take action. If Shi Xiaoqiao and Sage Jiu managed to escape this space, he could continue to expand the range of the spatial seal.
Shi Xiaoqiao and Sage Jiu finally fell into despair.
Sage Jiu still had a chance to survive. After all, Sages were immortal. However, Shi Xiaoqiao was not so lucky. If she died, she would truly die.
"Whoosh …"
A huge force stirred up a gust of wind, and Pu Zhe's figure was already very close.
Shi Xiaoqiao closed her eyes and waited for death, giving up on struggling.
But at that moment, she suddenly sensed a spatial fluctuation spreading out in front of her.
"Bang!"
Following that, there was a muffled sound.
"Boom!"
Following that, there was a huge explosion, as if something had smashed into the ground.
Shi Qiaoqiao slowly opened her eyes, only to see a skinny back and a thick arm. In the thick arm, thick and powerful veins bulged, and the source of power slowly flowed through the veins.
Her beautiful eyes flashed with complex emotions, and she almost involuntarily called out, "Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng turned his head and smiled at her and Sage Jiu. "That was close. If you hadn't used the Scepter of Silence, I'm afraid I still wouldn't have known …"
Sage Jiu also let out a sigh of relief, and looked down.
Just now, when Luo Zheng had appeared, the explosive power of his fist had been extremely terrifying.
After Pu Zhe's entire body crashed into the mountain range, a huge crater appeared below. Pu Zhe was still alive, and he actually slowly crawled out of the crater.
"Pah!"
Pu Zhe spat out a mouthful of blood, which transformed into a blood arrow that punched a bloody hole in the solid layer of rock underground.
There was no trace of fear on his face. Instead, a raging desire to fight surged within him. A person like him was born to fight, and the more powerful the opponent, the more his desire to fight would be aroused.
"Interesting. There's no one in the Realm of the Gods who can fight. Hahaha, I want to fight you for three hundred rounds!" Pu Zhe laughed.
Strange patterns surged all over his body, and his body size increased explosively.
Luo Zheng looked down at Pu Zhe and shook his head indifferently. "I don't have time to play with you …"
As he spoke, he tapped his finger lightly, and threads of lightning blossomed from his fingertip, transforming into a small silver dragon. As Luo Zheng flicked his finger downwards, the small silver dragon burst out with dazzling light, transforming into a massive lightning punishment that poured down on Pu Zhe.

Chapter 2582
A Desperate Struggle
The Lightning Punishment gradually receded, transforming into a small lightning dragon that returned to Luo Zheng's side.
Pu Zhe's body had already been reduced to ashes …
The originally massive crater had deepened by several thousand feet under the bombardment of the Lightning Punishment, and a green stream of Black Flame gushed out of the crater.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Sage Jiu couldn't help but gasp at this sight.
Luo Zheng's gaze didn't linger as he looked at Uncle Hou on the other side.
Even now, Uncle Hou's mind was somewhat muddled. How had Luo Zheng become so powerful in such a short amount of time? What exactly was that small lightning dragon with astonishing power?
He couldn't think of an answer to these questions, but under Luo Zheng's gaze, he understood one thing: if he didn't leave now, he would die here.
The moment Uncle Hou used Greater Teleportation, Luo Zheng's eyes blinked.
An invisible ripple spread out with him as the center. Houbo immediately discovered that his power had been sealed, and his entire body plummeted downwards.
Shi Qiaoqiao's eyes flashed at this sight.
She was very familiar with this power. This was the power of the Silencing Scepter, and Luo Zheng could use it without using the Silencing Scepter!
Luo Zheng took a step forward, and before his figure had completely disappeared, he had already appeared on the other side.
At this moment, his arm rapidly swelled up. His Origin Energy flowed downwards, and he had already gathered an astonishing amount of power.
This power far surpassed Yu Taibai's fist!
"Whoosh …"
He threw a punch forward. Then, Bo Ze fell down and collided with his fist.
"Bo!"
This punch didn't explode with any violent movements, but with a muffled sound, Uncle Hou's body was pulverized by Luo Zheng.
Before the scattered flesh and blood splashed onto Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's figure slowly dissipated, and he reappeared at Shi Qiaoqiao and Sage Jiu's side.
"Let's go," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Where to?" Shi Qiaoqiao asked.
"Saint Mountain. There are still a few people in the Divine Realm that need to be eliminated," Luo Zheng replied.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Saint Jiu smiled, naturally understanding.
Luo Zheng tapped lightly with his finger and teleported Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao towards Saint Mountain.
Regardless of the distance, Luo Zheng only needed one step to travel through God's Domain.
From the time Luo Zheng left the Saint Mountain to the time he returned with Shi Xiaoqiao and Saint Jiu, only a few dozen breaths had passed.
The Sages did not know what had happened, but Pang Miao's face darkened even more. "Where are Puzhe and Uncle Hou?"
"It's already gone," Luo Zheng said.
When the Sages heard this, their faces were filled with shock.
The Xuan Yuan Guard had no natural enemies in Divine Domain. They were invincible existences. Even the weakest Xuan Yuan Guard, Hu-yan, could crush everyone!
In such a short time, Luo Zheng had killed two Xuanyuan Guards?
Luo Zheng's strength rose to another level in the hearts of the Sages.
All sorts of thoughts ran through the Sages' minds. Most of them were actually somewhat happy.
These Sages did not like Luo Zheng, but they hated Emperor Hanqing even more. Emperor Hanqing had gone against the tide with the support of the Sages. These Sages were filled with resentment.
If Luo Zheng had such heaven-defying strength, Emperor Hanqing's fate could be easily imagined.
Compared to the other Sages, Emperor Hanqing was not as excited. He had already fallen into an ice cellar. Once Pang Miao and the others failed, Emperor Hanqing could easily imagine his fate.
Pang Miao narrowed his eyes and sighed, "Just one wrong move …. It's really hard to believe that this would happen."
"I can give you time to end your own lives," Luo Zheng said softly.
Pang Miao's face brimmed with a confident smile, "The Xuan Yuan Guard has never been able to compromise. Not in the past, not in the future!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a faint light, "In the future …. In the future …. I will wipe out all of the Xuan Yuan Guard, including the Yellow Emperor Xuanyuan!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Pang Miao, Huyan, and Cha Yao all laughed.
"Hahaha, you think you can dominate the chaos just because you've merged with a newborn intent? A brat who hasn't even stepped into the Nirvana Realm wants to wipe out our Xuan Yuan Guard? What a joke! "Pang Miao laughed maniacally.
Luo Zheng's strength was not his own. He borrowed the power of the Divine Domain.
Now, he was just like in his internal world. He was almost undefeatable, but that was only within the Divine Domain.
Once he left the Divine Domain, he would still be a Perfect True God. Of course, his true strength was much stronger than normal Perfect True Gods.
However, the current Luo Zheng had difficulty even walking in the Mother World. Now that he wanted to wipe out the Xuan Yuan Guard, the Xuan Yuan Guard naturally thought he was spouting nonsense.
In the face of Pang Miao's mockery, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all.
It was true that he could not do it now, but he had never stopped in the Eastern Region, in the universe, or in the Divine Dominion. Naturally, he would not stop in the future. Controlling the Divine Dominion was only the first step in his journey.
"Things are always changing …" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Just like how you never expected that a saint born in the universe who was once Dongfang Chunjun's enemy would be able to personally end your lives."
"The Mother World is different from what you think. The Li Clan that your mother represents has already been completely destroyed. That place is not the Divine Domain. Even if you go there, you'll be nothing more than a rootless duckweed. What do you have to fight us?" Pang Miao said proudly.
The moment the You Xiong Clan joined the Xuan Yuan Guard, they treated it as their life's glory.
Luo Zheng did not want to argue with Pang Miao. He only shook his head. "It's a pity you won't live to see that day." As he spoke, Luo Zheng flicked his finger. The small lightning dragon circling around his finger shot out.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had already made his move, Pang Miao, Huyan, and Uncle Hou also exploded with shocking auras!
"Kekeke …"
The Sea Splitter Tooth's enormous mouth opened and closed. Instantly, blood-red light soared into the sky.
Although Pang Miao was arguing with Luo Zheng, he was also calculating the various possibilities of defeating Luo Zheng.
Although the power of the lightning tribulation was under Luo Zheng's control, if Pang Miao used his full strength, he would still be able to withstand it.
"I'll trap this lightning tribulation!" Pang Miao roared. Instantly, blood-red shadows charged out of the Sea Splitter Tooth. These blood-red shadows each took a position, forming a formation to trap the lightning tribulation within.
Huyan and Cha Yao's figures flickered, appearing at Luo Zheng's side.
Even Emperor Hanqing gripped his Divine Taihe Spear and charged forward. Although he knew that he was no match for Luo Zheng, he had no choice but to fight to the death.
"Outside the Divine Domain, my strength might not be worth mentioning, but within the Divine Domain, you will never understand …"

Chapter 2583
Extinguishing the Flames of Memory
Hu-yan's eyes shot out blood-red flames towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge and allowed the flames to burn him, but he wasn't hurt at all.
The silver light on the surface of the Saint Mountain behind him was rippling …
This indestructible Saint's Mountain could help Luo Zheng deal almost any damage!
On the other side, it was the same for Cha Yao. Silver threads were hanging from his hand. These threads were extremely sharp and almost indestructible, but Luo Zheng remained unmoved despite being entangled by these threads.
In the divine territory, these Nirvana Realm experts couldn't hurt Luo Zheng, unless they had enough power to fight against the entire divine territory!
Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly. Buzhou Spirit Mountain's power gathered in his body and flowed quickly through his veins. The veins on his right arm bulged again as power gathered crazily.
At the same time, Luo Zheng's finger tapped lightly. An invisible power spread out and enveloped Cha Yao and Hu-yan.
Even though Shi Xiaoqiao controlled Soul Desolation, she couldn't compare to Luo Zheng in terms of using the Silencing Scepter.
Every time she used the Silencing Scepter, she could only choose to silence the entire divine territory. But how could Luo Zheng control the size and range of this power at will?
Similarly, Buzhou Spirit Mountain was the same. Luo Zheng could draw more power from Buzhou Spirit Mountain than Yu Taibai.
After Cha Yao and Hu-yan were silenced, the flames and silver threads enveloping them disappeared without a trace. They couldn't even fly and fell rapidly downwards.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and appeared beside Hu-yan. His huge fist crushed space and smashed onto Hu-yan's body.
"Dong …"
Hu-yan's body caved in. Under the huge power, the caved in deeper and deeper. His body began to disintegrate and quickly turned into a bloody mist.
As Luo Zheng attacked Hu-yan, a black ball formed in his left hand. This was the power of the Abyss Demon Realm!
He gently pushed the black sphere, which broke through space and enveloped Cha Yao's body.
If Cha Yao hadn't been silenced by Luo Zheng, he might have had the ability to resist this black sphere. However, Cha Yao couldn't even fly now. How could he use other mystiques? They could only stay in the darkness and be slowly annihilated by the black energy.
With the help of the Taihe Divine Spear, Emperor Hanqing appeared above Luo Zheng without a sound.
Even someone like Hu Yan would have a hard time detecting such a ghostly teleportation technique.
But what in the God's Domain could escape Luo Zheng's eyes and ears?
The moment Emperor Han Qing appeared, Luo Zheng raised his head slightly and glanced at Emperor Han Qing.
Emperor Hanqing felt a chill run down his spine. His hands trembled, but he gritted his teeth and continued to wield the Taihe Divine Spear.
"Let's fight!"
The Taihe Divine Spear released powerful spatial laws, forming a turbulent spatial spiral that shot towards Luo Zheng's face.
If this spatial spiral hit another saint, it would probably pierce a hole in their body. If it hit their head, even their soul would be destroyed.
Luo Zheng still raised his head. He had no intention of dodging. The spatial spiral crazily tore at Luo Zheng's face, but he didn't react at all. This power couldn't harm him at all.
On the side of Saint Mountain, spirals appeared in the silver light. All of Emperor Han Qing's mystiques were here.
"It's easy to kill the Xuan Yuan Guard. Killing you … is even easier!" Luo Zheng said expressionlessly. He raised his right hand as he spoke.
Though Luo Zheng didn't release the slightest trace of dao, Emperor Han Qing felt a chill run down his spine. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he frantically retreated, pulling away from Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and grabbed at a certain direction in the sky.
Rumble rumble rumble rumble …
From the depths of the God's Domain came a series of explosions. This was the sound of the universe collapsing.
Emperor Han Qing's face fell, his body trembling. "You, you, you destroyed my universe?" he roared.
Luo Zheng nodded expressionlessly. "Someone like you shouldn't have been born in the God's Domain. It's best if you die!"
"You!" Emperor Han Qing's eyes bulged as if he wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole.
Rumble rumble rumble …
As the universe continued to collapse, so did Emperor Han Qing's dantian.
If any other true god had their dantian shattered, they'd at most become a cripple. But a saint was different.
When a saint created a universe, they connected themselves to it. If the universe didn't collapse, the saint wouldn't die. But if the universe collapsed, the saint would fall with it.
That was why the people of the mother world were not very interested in the 'Soul Lodging Grounds'. While being immortal and indestructible was a great advantage, its weakness was equally obvious. Once one tied their fate to the Soul Lodging Grounds, the Soul Lodging Grounds would become their weakness.
Crack crack crack …
Thousands of cracks appeared on Emperor Han Qing's dantian. They extended from his dantian to his body, stomach, legs, chest, neck, and finally to his head. Even his soul!
Before he died, Emperor Han Qing didn't speak. Instead, he glared at Luo Zheng with hatred.
Luo Zheng looked him in the eye. "You have a part of the Stone Forest Rat's abilities, and you've even hidden your memories. You think … I don't know?"
Emperor Han Qing's cracked face twitched, and his eyes revealed a trace of fear.
"You took your memories away from your place of reincarnation and hid them in the tomb of your Yue Clan's Ancestral Land. You've left yourself a way out," Luo Zheng said as he made a grabbing motion.
An invisible ripple of space passed through half of the Divine Realm and headed straight for a Divine City in the Ten Thousand Willows Region.
The Yue Clan used to be the largest clan in the Ten Thousand Willows Region. They were once a Noble Clan and had even been on the Floating Island …
After Yue Yinliu's death, the Ten Thousand Willows Region became desolate. Even the Yue Clan's Ancestral Land's Divine City was abandoned.
The Noble Alliance had once banned the Yue Clan. Even though the Yue Clan's Ancestral Land had a Thousand Commandments Slate, no other clan dared to occupy the Divine City. Some people who passed by the Yue Clan's Divine City would sigh. It was such a waste that such a majestic Divine City was abandoned.
At this moment, in a desolate mountain range behind the Divine City, a tomb covered in moss suddenly trembled.
"Bo!"

Chapter 2584
The Token of Paramita
In the blink of an eye, the box had traveled two hundred billion kilometers to appear in Luo Zheng's hands.
"Crack …"
The box cracked open, revealing the Flame of Memories within.
Luo Zheng had acquired the reincarnation soul armament in the Land of Reincarnation, but he hadn't been able to find Emperor Hanqing's memories. Luo Zheng knew that Emperor Hanqing must've done something to hide the Flame of Memories, but Luo Zheng didn't know where.
However, he was now in an omniscient state regarding the God's Domain. Luo Zheng only had a slight doubt in his heart, and he already knew the entire truth.
"I'm not Dongfang Chunjun," Luo Zheng whispered. "I won't give you a chance to make a comeback. Let your memories die with you …"
Emperor Hanqing's face contorted with fear when he saw the box.
He didn't fear the collapse of the universe, nor did he fear the destruction of his body. As long as the Flame of Memories existed, he could make a comeback.
When he'd saved the Flame of Memories, he knew he was invincible.
His talent was extraordinary, and he had the experience of two lives as a Saint. Even if he died, he could be reborn again and again!
Emperor Hanqing never imagined that Luo Zheng would find his Flame of Memories so easily!
"You, how did you know!?" Emperor Hanqing's voice trembled, the hatred in his eyes vanishing.
"The realm of Gods has no secrets to me," Luo Zheng replied.
"Let me go, I beg you, please give me a chance. My two daughters, I can let them accompany you, let them serve you …" Emperor Hanqing begged.
It would have been fine if Emperor Han Qing did not mention Han Liusu and Han Chuyue, but when he did, Luo Zheng's heart was suddenly filled with anger. With a light twist of his finger, the green flame of memories was extinguished.
The universe collapsed, his soul was destroyed, and even the Flame of Memories was extinguished. Emperor Hanqing was truly dead.
With so many layers of protection, the average person wouldn't be able to kill him. Even the Xuan Yuan Wei would find it difficult to do so.
Seeing the fate of Emperor Hanqing, the Sages could not help but shudder.
In fact, the death of Emperor Hanqing was exactly what the Sages were looking forward to. Even Tang Lun and Mu Haiji, who had a grudge with Luo Zheng, were the same.
However, the fact that Luo Zheng could shatter a part of the universe with a casual wave of his hand still made the Sages unable to remain calm. This meant that the fate of all the Sages was under Luo Zheng's control. Whoever he wanted to die, they had no choice but to die!
"Crackle …"
Not far away, Pang Miao was still struggling against the lightning tribulation.
Pang Miao's ability was indeed beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Pang Miao seemed to have used up all the blood in the Sea Rending Tooth. His whole body was dripping with blood. This blood seemed to be able to pollute the Thunder Punishment.
Every time that bolt of lightning struck his body, the power of the lightning would dim a little. Not long after, Pang Miao finally dispelled the lightning punishment.
However, Pang Miao was currently in an extremely sorry state. His entire body was charred, and his aura was waning. Moreover, his face was ghastly pale.
The Sea Rending Tooth was also thrown to the ground. The surface of the fish bone was dried up and covered with cracks.
"Withstanding a lightning punishment is indeed not bad. Unfortunately, your trump card seems to have been destroyed," Luo Zheng said.
Without the help of the Sea Rending Tooth, Pang Miao would not be able to break through Shi Xiaoqiao's Silencing Scepter. Furthermore, Luo Zheng could use the power of the Soul Desolate without any restrictions. In addition to Pang Miao's current state, he was simply unable to fight against Luo Zheng.
Pang Miao's face was gloomy as he glared at Luo Zheng.
In less than two hours, the four Xuan Yuan Guards who had followed him for so many years had fallen. One could imagine the unwillingness in his heart.
"What a pity. If Lord Wei Xian had entered the Divine Realm earlier, he would have been able to stop you from entering the Saint Mountain …" Pang Miao muttered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. "Lord Wei Xian? Who is that? "
Seeing Luo Zheng's reaction, Pang Miao felt a trace of joy in his heart. "That's someone from our You Xiong Clan, an expert who joined the Heavensguard Pavilion. He should have slaughtered all those fellows from the Outer Realm by now, right? Hahaha! "
Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
He knew everything that was happening in the Divine Realm, but he knew nothing about what was happening outside the Divine Realm.
His mother and father were in the Outer Realm, but with Elder Jin and Ming Wei's protection, Luo Zheng was certain that they were absolutely safe. However, listening to Pang Miao's words, there were actually other Xuan Yuan Guards who had come to the Divine Realm?
Just as Luo Zheng was distracted, a trace of madness appeared in Pang Miao's eyes.
His figure suddenly flashed, and he was already very close to Luo Zheng.
"Ka, ka, ka …"
Pang Miao's entire body was plastered to Luo Zheng's back, and his hands tightly gripped Luo Zheng's ribs.
"You can kill me if you want, but you'll have to pay the price with your life. Hahahaha …"
Traces of blood-colored threads gushed out from Pang Miao's body, and these soft blood threads immediately bound him and Luo Zheng together. An indescribable aura erupted from Pang Miao's body.
After all, Luo Zheng was still too young. After being distracted by Pang Miao, he actually let Pang Miao attack him.
With a thought, he used the power of the Soul Wilderness, wanting to confine the power in Pang Miao's body.
However, the power of the Soul Wilderness was useless at this moment, and it could not suppress that aura!
"Luo Zheng, he's burning the Paramita Token," 9527 reminded him.
"Paramita Token?"
Luo Zheng did not know what it was.
"It's the source of power for Nirvana Realm powerhouses. It's also the most important thing for Nirvana Realm powerhouses. Burning the Nirvana Token will result in the punishment of the truth. His ending will also be very miserable …" 9527 explained.
Pang Miao's eyes had already turned dark red, and his entire body seemed to be soaked in blood. The power that erupted from him had completely exceeded his own strength.
The power in his body began to expand wildly, and Pang Miao, who was originally slightly thin, actually turned into a big fatty at this moment …
When the Saints nearby felt Pang Miao's power, they were all shocked, and they all used the Great Shift to get away.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng!"
Not far away, Saint Jiu and Shi Qiaoqiao wanted to rush over.
"Go away!"
Luo Zheng warned.
He also could not estimate how much power Pang Miao could unleash by burning the Paramita Token. After all, he did not even know what the Paramita Token was.
Under the circumstances, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and he directly used the Great Shift. He actually brought the wildly expanding Pang Miao into the spatial passage, and teleported to the depths of the Sea of Time.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Saint Jiu watched as Luo Zheng disappeared with Pang Miao, and the next moment, a dull roar erupted in the Sea of Time. The ground around the Sea of Time was constantly shaking, and bright red blood appeared in the center of the Sea of Time.

Chapter 2585
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Goodbye Maha
In the depths of the Sea of Time, Luo Zheng floated slowly.
Scarlet blood flowed in the fragments of the Sea of Time. This blood was like oil that did not dissolve in water and would not be swallowed by the Sea of Time. It was quite strange.
The moment Pang Miao self-destructed, Luo Zheng saw a pale red triangular fragment. It was that triangular fragment that was burning fiercely.
"That triangular fragment is the Nirvana token?" Luo Zheng asked.
When that triangular fragment appeared, Luo Zheng felt a completely different aura. He had never seen such an aura before.
"Yes," 9527 replied. "The power of all Nirvana Realm masters comes from a token. You'll know when you really set foot on the Nirvana Realm."
By burning the Nirvana token to self-destruct, the power was indeed unimaginable. However, it was naive of Pang Miao to want to drag Luo Zheng to his death.
If one wanted to kill Luo Zheng in the Divine Realm, one had to have the ability to destroy the entire Divine Realm. At present, Luo Zheng had not met such an opponent.
Luo Zheng thought quietly for a moment. Suddenly, he remembered that Pang Miao had mentioned something about Tianshou Pavilion and Lord Wei Xian.
"Oh no, outside the Divine Realm …"
Luo Zheng could not tell whether Pang Miao was telling the truth or not, but he was obviously very confident in this Lord Wei Xian.
If Elder Jin and Ming Wei could not handle it, wouldn't the others be in danger?
Those Saints were still fine. Even if they were killed, they could be reborn in the universe. However, his mother did not have a place to rest her soul …
"Hum …"
Luo Zheng's figure trembled slightly. He had disappeared from the bottom of the Sea of Time and appeared in front of the Saint Mountain in an instant.
Shi Qiaoqiao and Elder Jin felt the vibration on the other side of the Sea of Time. They were still worried. When they saw that Luo Zheng had returned safely, they were relieved.
"I want to investigate the situation outside. I'll leave this to you," Luo Zheng said faintly. He glanced at the Saints in the distance.
Saint Jiu frowned slightly. "But your power …"
"I won't leave the Domain of the Gods," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng's current cultivation level was still that of a Great Perfection True God. In terms of ability, he was slightly stronger than a Saint. All his reliance was within the Divine Territory. If he really left the Divine Territory, he wouldn't be able to fight against a Nirvana Realm expert.
"It's best to be careful," Shi Xiaoqiao advised.
Luo Zheng nodded. His figure dissipated again, and in the next moment, he appeared at the top of a universe. This was Mu Hai Ji's Ultimate Universe.
The location Ming Wei had chosen was right above the Great Pole Space, so Dongfang Chunjun had gone through Mu Haiji's Great Pole Space to find out where Ming Wei and the others were.
"A green star?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered when he saw the lonely star at the top of the Great Pole Universe.
Right at this moment, another four or five streaks of light flew over from afar. The living beings in the Great Extremity Universe should be the "Fake Saint Clan" that invaded the Great Evolution Universe back then.
"Who dares to wander around the forbidden zone of the universe?!"
These people were still some distance away from Luo Zheng, but an arrogant voice suddenly roared out.
Luo Zheng didn't see the appearance of the newcomer, but this voice sounded familiar. He seemed to have heard this voice somewhere before.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The distance between them and Luo Zheng quickly shrank. Luo Zheng looked over and saw the newcomer's appearance. Only then did he remember the other party's identity.
"Holy Son Maha?" Luo Zheng glanced at the other party and said.
Maha was slightly surprised to hear his name being called out. His eyes focused on Luo Zheng's face for a moment, and then a sharp light suddenly shot out of his eyes. "You are … Luo Zheng!"
Back in the Sunflower Water Realm, Maha had single-handedly challenged all the geniuses of the universe, shaking the entire Great Evolution Universe. Even Xuanyuan Chenfeng had been defeated by him. In the end, Luo Zheng had killed Maha.
But Maha was the Holy Son. The "fake Holy Race" had already prepared for both sides. After returning to the Great Evolution Universe, Maha had once again obtained a powerful treasure body.
But after Maha was resurrected, the fake Holy Race had already returned in defeat …
As for what happened in the Great Evolution Universe, Maha didn't know much.
The Great Evolution Universe war had ended with the defeat of the Great Evolution Universe. Many Empyreans of the Great Evolution Universe had fallen, and there were many vacancies in the Empyrean positions.
However, Maha still didn't inherit an Empyrean position. He still painstakingly cultivated, hoping that one day he could rush out of the universe and step into the Realm of the Gods.
During this time, the Great Evolution Universe wasn't peaceful. After all, there was a group of Nirvana Realm powerhouses fighting at the peak of the Great Evolution Universe. Although the Heavenly Mirror Shield isolated everything, the movements of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses fighting were far too loud. Thunderous sounds would often pass down.
Maha brought people to patrol the area. Coincidentally, they ran into Luo Zheng who was passing by.
"It's me." Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
He didn't have a good impression of this Maha. Although the Great Evolution Universe war had been started by Mu Haiji and the fake Holy Race's secondary life forms were nothing more than his chess pieces, this person had still led the fake Holy Race to stir up trouble in the Great Evolution Universe.
But so much time had passed. Luo Zheng looked back and saw that some things had become indifferent. In front of him, Maha was infinitely small and insignificant.
But Maha didn't think so. When he had been killed by Luo Zheng, it had been a great humiliation. Time passed quickly in the Great Evolution Universe, so only two or three hundred years had passed. But this debt was firmly engraved in his heart.
Woosh!
Maha suddenly thrust out a spear, a cold smile on his face. "I don't know what your goal is in sneaking into the Great Evolution Universe, but since you've come, don't even think of leaving."
Luo Zheng was now a Perfect True Divinity, and he had restrained his aura.
In the Great Evolution Universe, even an Empyrean could only distinguish between a lower True Divinity and a middle True Divinity. They simply couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation.
But Maha thought that Luo Zheng had used some secret technique to conceal his cultivation and was only a mere World Lord.
Moreover, the Great Evolution Universe was his home ground! If they fought in the Great Evolution Universe, the Saint Mu Haiji could appear at any time. No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, could he be stronger than the Saint who had created the Great Evolution Universe?
Thus, Maha had a confident expression on his face.
"It's been two hundred years, but your personality is still the same …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
Back in the Great Evolution Universe, Luo Zheng had been a proud son of heaven. But after stepping into the Realm of the Gods, he realized just how insignificant he was.
Maha's father was a Great Empyrean, so he could naturally throw his weight around in the Great Evolution Universe. If he still had this personality after stepping into the Realm of the Gods, he would likely suffer a great loss.
Before Luo Zheng could finish speaking, Maha flicked the spear in his hands. The spear stabbed towards Luo Zheng like a poisonous dragon.
But this spear was only able to pierce halfway before it was unable to advance any further. An invisible strength was preventing the spear from moving any further.

Chapter 2586
Trapping Array
As the master of the Great Hall, Mu Haiji knew everything in the universe like the back of his hand.
The moment Luo Zheng entered the Great Hall, Mu Haiji had already known about it.
But Mu Haiji didn't say anything. Luo Zheng's current strength was not something he could provoke. He knew when to advance and when to retreat, so he naturally didn't dare to offend Luo Zheng.
But even Mu Haiji didn't expect that Luo Zheng would encounter Maha in the Great Hall. Moreover, Maha had dared to attack Luo Zheng without saying a word!
He didn't care about Maha's life or death, but his fate was in Luo Zheng's hands. If Maha offended Luo Zheng, then there would be great trouble!
"Extreme … Extreme Saint!"
Seeing Mu Haiji suddenly appear, Maha began to stammer.
The faces of the people following behind Maha also changed greatly.
The Extreme Saint was the master of this universe, and this world was created by him. Mu Haiji was the source of all things in the Great Hall! Even the most powerful Grand Empyreans could be casually crushed by the Extreme Saint.
The vast majority of people in the Great Hall didn't know of the existence of the Extreme Saint. A small number of people would be filled with awe when the Extreme Saint was mentioned.
"The Extreme Saint! This person is from the Great Hall of Expansion. He infiltrated our Great Hall … "Maha quickly said.
"Shut up!"
Mu Haiji coldly shouted.
Under Mu Haiji's reprimand, Maha's expression was as ugly as it could be. But he wasn't stupid beyond redemption, so he didn't dare to say another word.
"Luo Zheng, if you want to pass through my Great Hall, you can communicate with me. I, Mu Haiji, will do my best to help." Mu Haiji was reprimanding Maha a moment ago, but in the next moment, he was smiling at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng lightly asked, "You're saying that I need your permission to enter the Great Hall?"
Hearing this, a chill ran down Mu Haiji's spine. He quickly said, "No, no, is the entire Realm of the Gods a place for you to go? However, there are still some people in this universe who don't have eyes. If you come here personally, of course, I'll clean up everything for you … "
Luo Zheng faintly glanced at Mu Haiji. In any case, this guy wouldn't be able to run away. The debt between his father and Mu Haiji would be settled by his father. He coldly said, "I won't bother with him."
As he spoke, he flew up into the sky.
There was an invisible barrier beneath the green planet at the top of the Divine Realm. This barrier prevented all living things from passing through. Only Mu Haiji could pass through.
Seeing Luo Zheng continue to move upwards, Mu Haiji hurriedly removed the invisible barrier.
When Maha heard the conversation between Mu Haiji and Luo Zheng, he felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His entire body stiffened as he floated in the air.
He couldn't believe his ears!
This was the Supreme Saint! It was a Saint! The Supreme Saint was one of the most powerful existences in the Divine Realm!
And that Luo Zheng was merely a Sector Lord 300 years ago!
No matter how high Luo Zheng's talent was, how long had it been since he entered the Divine Realm? The flow of time in the Divine Realm was much slower than in the universe. Even though Luo Zheng had entered the Divine Realm right after the Universal War ended, he had only been there for 20-30 years.
20-30 years and he was on the same level as a Saint?
It wasn't just on the same level!
He had clearly seen a trace of fear in Mu Haiji's eyes.
That was the face of a weak person facing a strong person!
This guy …
Maha was the Saint Son. In the entire universe, no one dared to provoke him. Indeed, no one was stronger than him in terms of talent.
It was just that his father had spent 200 years transforming his treasure body. But in time, he would definitely step into the Divine Realm.
Losing the Universal War and being killed by Luo Zheng was the greatest stain in his life. He had made countless vows in his heart that one day, he would take revenge.
So when he saw Luo Zheng again, his heart was filled with hatred!
But after seeing Mu Haiji's attitude, Maha understood the difference between him and Luo Zheng.
He completely believed that even if Luo Zheng killed him in front of Mu Haiji, Mu Haiji wouldn't dare say a word.
And the reason why Luo Zheng didn't do anything was because he was as light as a speck of dust in front of him …
Not killing him was the greatest contempt. Maha felt like his mind was about to explode.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't try to guess the fluctuations in Maha's heart. That kind of guy didn't have the qualifications to distract him. After passing through the dark green star, Luo Zheng arrived at the top of the universe.
…
…
Upper level of the Divine Realm
After the Moonlight Massacre was activated, the Xuan Yuan Guards occupied the absolute upper hand. Jian Wuhen, Li Xuanyue, the Green Demon House Master, and the other Saints were all killed.
Fortunately, the Xuan Yuan Guards didn't realize that the Saints could rely on the Soul Lodging Grounds to be reborn, so their lives were not in danger.
The remaining people gathered together, while Ming Wei and Elder Jin blocked the front. The two of them were now covered in wounds, and Ming Wei had even lost an arm.
If they relied purely on their own strength, Ming Wei and Elder Jin might be able to take down Wei Xian if they worked together. However, Wei Xian's power with the Moonlight Massacre was too terrifying.
Fortunately, Fu Er was proficient in formations.
At this moment, Fu Er had also set up a small formation that encompassed everyone.
This small formation was called the Chaotic Image Formation. It was a formation that countered formations, and could disrupt the Moonlight Massacre to a certain extent.
However, the Moonlight Slaughtering Array was powered by divine crystals, so its power and profundity far surpassed Fu Er's Chaos Image Array. Fu Er could only disrupt the power of the Moonlight Slaughtering Array at a critical moment, but he couldn't break out of the array.
"I have plenty of time to waste with you. Let's see how long you can last," Wei Xian said casually as he gently pinched the blood sword in his hand.
"Buzz …"
As the blood sword trembled, a layer of silver frost suddenly appeared on the surface of the sword. Wei Xian's hand holding the blood sword suddenly shook.
"Whoosh!"
When Fu Er saw this, he lightly slapped a piece of yellow paper. The yellow paper burned and spread out along the Chaotic Image Formation. The moons floating in the sky became chaotic again.
The silver moonlight on Wei Xian's blood sword suddenly deviated and slashed at empty space.
Under the chaos of the Moonlight Massacre, it was difficult for Wei Xian to control its power. It was because of this that Ming Wei and Elder Jin were able to hold on …
However, maintaining a formation to resist the Moonlight Massacre was extremely difficult.
The Moonlight Massacre relied on divine crystals to continuously release its power, while Fu Er relied on his own strength to hold on. He hadn't even blinked in the past few days. His mental strength was severely overdrawn, and his face was dispirited and exhausted.
Wei Xian was naturally aware of this, so he wasn't worried at all.
Before the Moonlight Massacre used up all the divine crystals, the Myriad Image Formation would definitely collapse. He only needed to continue exerting pressure.
Therefore, while he was setting up the formation, he also ordered the other Xuan Yuan Guardians to continue breaking through the spatial barrier to the divine realm.

Chapter 2587
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Slaughtering and Protecting the Master
Silver moons spun rapidly in the air, and the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation that Fu Er had disrupted quickly returned to its original position.
The originally chaotic silver moons became orderly and peaceful once more, and Wei Xian raised the blood-red sword once more.
Fu Er's gaze was faintly unfocused. When he felt the silver moons of the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation return to its original position, he forced himself to focus on activating the Chaotic Image Formation in an attempt to disrupt the formation.
But at that moment, Wei Xian quietly shot a look at the Xuan Yuan Guard on the other side. At the same time, he sent a voice transmission: "Good Devil Ye, it's your turn."
The guard called Good Devil Ye was an expert in soul attacks.
But when his opponent was on guard, his soul attacks had little effect, so Good Devil Ye hadn't made a move yet.
Fu Er had been maintaining the Chaotic Image Formation to resist the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation for the past few days. If there was even the slightest bit of carelessness, someone would be killed by the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation, so Fu Er had been very nervous and under great mental pressure. Moreover, maintaining the Chaotic Image Formation consumed a lot of soul energy.
When Wei Xian saw that Fu Er's soul energy was exhausted, he naturally found an opportunity to let Good Devil Ye make a move.
"Fuse!"
The yellow paper that Fu Er slapped out once more burst into flames, and the Chaotic Image Formation he was maintaining also glowed with a pale yellow luster. At this critical moment, a pale green golem suddenly appeared above Good Devil Ye's head.
The golem had two whiskers on its face and looked extremely strange. The moment the golem appeared, a sharp cry erupted from its mouth.
"Wu, wu —"
A powerful soul pressure spread out along with the sound.
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the other Paramita Realm experts' expressions changed drastically. With their strength, they could still resist this soul attack.
Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui both felt as if their souls were being pricked by needles, and the intense pain caused their faces to turn pale.
"Not good, quickly protect Fu Er!"
"His soul energy is severely overdrawn. I'm afraid he won't be able to hold on …."
Ming Wei's movements were the fastest. With a light flip of her hand, a rainbow necklace appeared in her hand. This rainbow necklace could be used to defend against soul attacks. With a light wave of her hand, the rainbow necklace hung around Fu Er's neck.
But Shan Moye's soul attack was too sudden, and Fu Er was an arrow at the end of its flight. Even if he didn't use this soul attack, he wouldn't be able to hold on for long. When the sharp sound reached his soul, his eyes rolled back, and he fainted.
"Feng, Feng, Feng …"
The yellow papers scattered around the Disorder Image Array quickly burned, and the entire Disorder Image Array collapsed at this moment.
"Haha!"
Wei Xian laughed and waved the silver blood sword in his hand.
Without Fu Er's Chaotic Image Formation, no one would be able to resist the Moonlight Massacre. The moment the blood sword swung, Ming Wei's eyes narrowed. She gritted her teeth and grabbed at Fu Er, forcibly dragging him a foot away.
"Pu!"
Talisman Two's legs were instantly cut by an invisible force.
Ming Wei couldn't tell who Wei Xian wanted to attack, but since Fu Er could disrupt the Moonlight Massacre, she guessed that Wei Xian would attack him.
Wei Xian looked at Ming Wei in surprise and smiled faintly. "There's no use in struggling. You can save this guy, but can you save yourself?"
As he spoke, Wei Xian waved his blood sword in the air.
Ming Wei's pupils shrank, and she dodged to the side.
"Pu!"
Not far away from Ming Wei, a bloody cut appeared on the forehead of a Chiyou Guard. Blood sprayed out from the wound, and the Chiyou Guard was cut into two from the middle. With a confused and resentful look in his eyes, he fell into a pool of blood.
"Gan Yan!"
Chi Yi and Elder Jin shouted at the same time.
Ming Wei crawled up from the ground and glared at Wei Xian. Her beautiful eyes were burning with fury.
Wei Xian smiled faintly and said to Ming Wei, "I didn't say I was going to kill you, but who knows what the next one will be …"
"Fight it out with him!" Chi Yi roared.
Rather than be killed by Wei Xian here, they might as well fight with their lives.
Elder Jin's eyes flashed with a dangerous light, and the remaining Xuan Yuan Guards and Nuwa Clan members were all ready to attack.
"Fight it out with me?" Wei Xian still looked relaxed. "You're already a bunch of dead people after being trapped by the Moonlight Massacre. What do you have to fight it out with me?"
As he spoke, Wei Xian raised his blood sword again, and the silver moons in the sky shone brightly again.
As he gently shook the blood sword, an invisible power spread out again.
At this moment, everyone was in danger because they couldn't guess who Wei Xian was going to attack, and this kind of attack was impossible to defend against.
Even though Ming Wei and Elder Jin had extraordinary skills, they still couldn't dodge it …
Luo Xiao stood in front of Li Luoshui, and he quickly calculated with the Great Yan Divine Dao.
It was a very difficult challenge for Luo Xiao to calculate the thoughts of someone stronger than him. However, there weren't many people in the Moonlight Massacre Formation, so the number of variables he could calculate was much smaller.
Luo Xiao pushed the Great Yan Divine Dao to the limit, and he finally calculated the moment Wei Xian swung his sword.
His expression changed slightly, and he pushed Li Luoshui to the ground. An invisible force circled above the two of them for a while, and then it disappeared silently.
"Oh?" A look of surprise appeared on Wei Xian's face. "A mere True God can actually calculate my thoughts. Interesting, but can you really avoid it?"
"Princess!"
"Princess …"
Compared to the others, the Xuan Yuan Guards were more concerned about Li Luoshui's safety.
Before Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui could get up from the ground, Wei Xian swung his sword again.
As the invisible force spread, the two of them couldn't dodge it this time. Even Elder Jin and the others couldn't help in time, and they could only watch.
Luo Xiao could only hug Li Luoshui, and his heart started to sink, and he fell into despair.
It wasn't a big deal for him to be killed by the Moonlight Massacre Formation. After all, he could rely on Huan Yu to be reborn, but Li Luoshui wouldn't have the chance to be reborn.
However, at that moment, the invisible force seemed to have hit something, and there was a crisp "ding" sound.
Everyone was stunned. Before this, no one could block Wei Xian's invisible slash. Ming Wei couldn't, and neither could Elder Jin.
Even Wei Xian himself had a look of astonishment on his face. He didn't understand the situation either.
After a while, a blue triangular shield appeared in front of Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao, blocking Wei Xian's slash.
"Sky Mirror Shield?"
Elder Jin, Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and the others were stunned.
Wei Xian frowned. When he led the Xuan Yuan Guards to the God Region, he tried to break the surface of the God Region, but he was blocked by the Sky Mirror Shield.

Chapter 2588
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Devour
The Sky Mirror Shield was one of Chiyou's treasures. Normal Nirvana Realm elites couldn't break it.
After realizing this, Wei Xian swung his sword again without hesitation. This time, he wanted to kill Elder Jin.
Clang!
The Heavenly Mirror Shield appeared once more. A triangular shield appeared in front of Elder Jin, helping him block the attack.
Luo Xiao was the first to react.
Saints like Luo Xiao had discovered the existence of the Sky Mirror Shield many years ago.
However, Luo Xiao didn't know the origin of the shield. They only understood after Luo Shui told them.
The Sky Mirror Shield seemed to be everywhere on the surface of the divine territory. Whether it was the bottom, the top, or the side, it would appear as long as it was attacked.
Some of the Saints had also studied the Heavenly Mirror Shield before, and it was undoubtedly their dream to take it for themselves.
However, no one had found the technique after so many years.
The moment the Sky Mirror Shield took effect, Luo Xiao thought of Luo Zheng.
If Zheng 'er had really merged with the divine territory's nascent will, then everything in the divine territory should be under his control!
"How can this be?!"
At this moment, even Wei Xian grew anxious. He no longer had the carefree appearance he had before.
Buzz buzz buzz …
The silver moons in the Moonlight Slaughterer shot out beams of pure moonlight, and his silver blood sword kept slashing.
Clang clang clang clang clang …
No matter if he was swinging his sword at Fu Er, who had lost his legs, or the Nuwa Clan, the Sky Mirror Shield would always appear in time to block his fatal attack.
Elder Jin, Ming Wei, Luo Xiao, Chi Yi, and the others just stared at Wei Xian coldly without saying a word.
"Who's behind this?!"
Wei Xian roared. The blood sword in his hand was still controlling the Moonlight Massacre. Beams of invisible energy swept toward the Chiyou Wei and the others.
Clang clang clang …
The storm-like attacks were all blocked by the Sky Mirror Shield.
His attacks were futile. Moreover, they were rapidly depleting the Divine Crystals in the Moonlight Massacre.
Ming Wei narrowed her eyes and stared at Wei Xian. A smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. It seemed that this guy was panicking …
"Who is it? Get out here! Cowardice is the behavior of a villain! "Wei Xian continued to roar.
Lu Jia and the others, who were waiting not far away, also became nervous.
At this moment, a miserable cry suddenly came from the spatial passage behind Wei Xian.
The Xuan Yuan Guards all turned their heads to look.
"Zhong Ling?"
"Zhong Ling, what happened to him?"
While Wei Xian was controlling the Moonlight Slaughterer, he had Zhong Ling continue to open up the space tunnel. Did this scream mean that someone had killed Zhong Ling in the divine region?
The Xuan Yuan Guardians became even more nervous. Wei Xian's face was filled with ruthlessness. Just as he was about to flare up, Lu Jia, who was not far away, suddenly felt the ground beneath his feet become empty. A huge mouth had left the surface of the divine domain as a powerful force dragged Lu Jia down!
Lu Jia's expression changed slightly. Seeing that he had fallen into the crack, he was about to use Greater Transference to pull himself out.
However, just as he circulated his power, an invisible force enveloped his entire body. He immediately discovered that he had lost contact with the world in his body. How could he still use the Greater Teleportation?
"Ah …"
As Lu Jia let out a shrill scream, the crack that had been opened closed again.
"!"
Everything was clearly under control, so why did this happen all of a sudden?
Wei Xian was the type of person who would consider everything before doing anything. Thus, before he left for the Divine Realm, he had communicated with Pang Miao in detail.
The only trouble inside and outside the divine territory were the Chiyou Guards and Nuwa Clan. Using the Moonlight Massacre Massacre Technique, he could kill them all. But what was going on? Who was that person in the divine territory? How could he kill Lu Jia and Zhong Ling in an instant?
Most importantly, he could use the Sky Mirror Shield?
Facing the pressure from the divine territory, the Xuanyuan Guards floated in the air, afraid that they would be pulled into the divine territory again.
But just as they were about to move, a huge crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the divine territory. The crack was thousands of miles long. It was like a monster's mouth, swallowing everyone.
Seeing this, Wei Xian's expression changed. "Leave this place!"
The divine territory was important to Wei Xian, but he also understood the principle of 'where there's life, there's life'. He would be valued if he reported this news. He had a premonition that if he was trapped in the divine territory, he would never be able to leave.
But the speed of the crack's devouring exceeded Wei Xian's expectations. In the blink of an eye, the Xuanyuan Guards, Chiyou Guards, and the Moonlight Massacre Massacre Array were all devoured.
At this moment, everyone had sunk into the Divine Domain, or in other words, the Ultimate Universe.
Be it the Sky Mirror Shield or the spatial barrier that separated the divine territory, they were all controlled by Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Wei Xian waited for the Xuanyuan Guards to use their Greater Transference to leave the divine territory. Spatial passageways extended from bottom to top, and the Xuanyuan Guards quickly entered them.
Dong Dong …
After a breath, the Xuanyuan Guards stumbled out of the spatial passageway. They were in a sorry state.
They all crashed into the spatial barrier.
It was not easy to leave after being trapped by the spatial barrier in the divine territory. It would take at least a few years to break through the spatial barrier. Their escape route was completely sealed.
"Don't panic!"
Although Wei Xian was in a disadvantageous situation, he quickly adjusted his state of mind and calmed the panic of the other Xuanyuan Guards.
"It doesn't matter whether you panic or not," a voice faintly floated over.
Wei Xian focused his gaze and saw a young man floating in the void not far away. It was Luo Zheng.
"Who are you?" Wei Xian asked coldly.
Trapped in the divine territory, he still had the Moonlight Massacre Array, but this was probably his only source of confidence.
But since this young man dared to let them into the divine territory, he must have something to rely on. The Sky Mirror Shield just now must have been this young man's doing.
"Who I am is not important …" Luo Zheng slowly floated over to Wei Xian and said, "What's important is that you will all die here!"
Even Luo Zheng was taken aback by the scene just now.
After all, his mother was under the threat of death. If he was a step slower, he would probably have to say goodbye to Li Luoshui forever.
Luo Zheng's face remained calm, but the murderous intent in his heart surged wildly.
Hearing this, Wei Xian's pupils shrank slightly. For a mere True God to say this, it was enough to explain the problem.
"Die!"
Wei Xian suddenly raised the blood sword in his hand. As the silver moons of the Moonlight Massacre Array shone, an invisible force slashed toward Luo Zheng's head.
"Be careful, Zheng 'er!" Li Luoshui reminded.
Although she knew that Luo Zheng should be fearless, she was still worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
The power of the Moonlight Massacre Array was indestructible. Even the physical body of a Nirvana Realm expert would be torn apart instantly. Existences like Ming Wei and Elder Jin could not resist it.
However, this sword slashed Luo Zheng's body and only made a muffled "pop" sound. His physical body was unharmed, but the surface of the Saint Mountain in the sea of time millions of miles away rippled.

Chapter 2589
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Rule Kill
Ming Wei and the other Nirvana Realm powerhouses were shocked to see Luo Zheng resist Wei Xian's attack.
Ming Wei and the others knew how terrifying the Moonlight Slayer was.
Ming Wei was powerless to resist it. Even in her Rage God state, Wei Xian easily cut off one of her arms.
If not for the formation set up by Fu Er, this group of Nirvana Realm experts would have long been slaughtered by the other party!
When Luo Xiao saw this scene, his face was filled with relief.
Even if Ming Wei and the others objected, Luo Xiao still sent Luo Zheng to the Saint Mountain. It was the right choice.
If they had left Luo Zheng and the others in the outer realm and waited for Ming Wei and the others to break through the space barrier, they would have died.
Wei Xian and the others would most likely be able to capture everyone in one fell swoop.
"I don't believe it!"
Wei Xian's eyes flashed with malevolence.
Hum …
The silver moons shone again, and they were more than ten times brighter than before.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
Wei Xian slashed at Luo Zheng with his silver blood sword.
Every slash was so fast that Luo Zheng could not dodge it.
Pop, pop, pop, pop …
Just as Jing Xian wished, each of his sword strikes landed on Luo Zheng's body.
Under his crazy slashes, the Divine Crystals in the Moonlight Slayer were quickly consumed.
The Moonlight Slayer was indeed powerful. Even if many Nirvana Realm powerhouses worked together, they would not be able to do anything to the Saint Mountain. However, Luo Zheng merely transferred the attacks on his body to the Saint Mountain, and the silver light on the surface of the Saint Mountain was already rippling.
After Wei Xian slashed hundreds of times, he finally stopped.
Controlling the Moonlight Slayer was exhausting, and Wei Xian's face showed fatigue.
As for the divine crystals in the Moonlight Slaughterer, Wei Xian had almost used up all of them. The silver moons floating above had already dimmed. The formation was about to vanish at any moment.
Luo Zheng was still unmoved. He had slashed hundreds of times!
Not to mention a True God, even the geniuses in Tianshou Pavilion could not withstand so many slashes!
"Lord Wei Xian, what should we do now?" A Xuanyuan Guard secretly asked with True Energy.
These Xuanyuan Guards were also depressed. Before coming to the Saint Mountain, Wei Xian and the others were very confident. They did not think much of the Saint Mountain.
'Even these Chiyou Guards are nothing …'
Who would have known that such a strange guy would appear?
If they had long known that this day would come, they would not have followed Wei Xian here even if they were beaten to death.
Wei Xian took a deep look at Luo Zheng before his gaze swept past Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others behind Luo Zheng.
These guys were the Saint Mountain. House.... Even Wei Xian was Translation. Translation Wei Xian's Translation...... and.. with Xian was Wei Xian Translation..
However, there was still this strange brat in God's Domain. It was impossible for them to face him head-on. Their top priority was to find a way to leave God's Domain!
. The Saint Mountain was so big. If they chose to escape, they could hide in it. Then, they could find a chance to leave the Saint Mountain.
This thought flashed through Wei Xian's mind. His lips moved slightly, and he said to the other Xuanyuan Guards through True Energy, "This guy is too strange. We can't fight him. Everyone, run for your lives and hide in the Saint Mountain. If there is a chance in the future, we will kill these people one by one!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Wei Xian's body emitted a spatial fluctuation. He used Greater Teleportation and disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The Xuan Yuan Guards who followed Wei Xian had hoped that Wei Xian could come up with a good plan. They had not expected him to ask them to flee. All of them cursed Wei Xian in their hearts. However, they also knew that there was no other choice but to flee. As they cursed, they all used Greater Teleportation to flee.
"Want to escape?"
Ming Wei's face sank.
Jin and the others also had a fierce look in their eyes.
The people who escaped with them from the prison at the bottom of the Saint Mountain were their brothers. Several of them had died miserably, and several of them were seriously injured. How could they let these Xuanyuan Guards go?
Just as they were about to follow the Xuanyuan Guards' Greater Teleportation, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out and stopped them. "Everyone, there is no need to chase. I have a way to kill them."
Ming Wei blinked and asked, "What method do you have?"
"Please follow me." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Then, he stretched out his hand and waved gently. Strands of spatial fluctuations converged, and a spatial tunnel appeared out of thin air. Luo Zheng stepped into it.
Ming Wei looked into the distance. These guys had escaped far away. If they wanted to hide, it would be difficult to dig them out.
But since Luo Zheng was so confident, she would trust him this time.
Luo Xiao, Li Luo Shui, Ming Wei, Jin, and the others followed Luo Zheng into the spatial passage.
It was not until these people disappeared into the Saint Mountain that Mu Haiji slowly floated up.
Mu Haiji was also shaken to the core by the scene just now …
Compared to Nirvana Realm powerhouses like Huyan and Pang Miao, these Nirvana Realm powerhouses seemed to be more powerful.
Especially the silver moons floating at the top of the Saint Mountain. Just a glance at the light emitted by the silver moons made Mu Haiji tremble in fear.
Mu Haiji was not a coward. Those who could be conferred the title of Saint were all people who did not care about life and death.
It was just that the power contained in the Moonlight Slayer was so terrifying that it was unimaginable to him.
"No wonder Brother Chun Jun is determined to go to the Mother World. Being conferred the title of Saint in this Saint Mountain might seem awe-inspiring, but in front of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, they are as weak as ants …"
Mu Haiji sighed faintly.
He was amazed by the strength of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, but he was also worried about his own fate.
However, after sighing, his gaze fell on a flying ship. It was the Lingxiao Flying Ship left behind by the Xuanyuan Guards.
When Luo Zheng swallowed everyone into the Saint Mountain, he also swallowed the Lingxiao Flying Ship. At this moment, it was floating alone not far away.
…
…
Directly above the Sea of Time, in front of the Governing Slate.
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others were still confused.
However, Li Luoshui, Luo Xiao, and the others instantly understood what Luo Zheng meant. Luo Xiao especially asked with a face full of surprise, "Changing the rules of the Governing Slate requires a large amount of Shenwu Coins. Zheng 'er, can you change it as you wish?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
The rules of the Governing Slate targeted all living beings in the Saint Mountain. As long as there was enough Shenwu Coins, even a Celestial could change it.
Of course, ordinary Celestials were not qualified to enter this place.
After Luo Zheng controlled the nascent will, he could control all the power in the Saint Mountain.
In fact, it was a fool's dream for Wei Xian and the others to hide in the Saint Mountain. No matter where they hid, Luo Zheng could find them with just a thought.
However, Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others had been fighting for so long. In particular, Ming Wei had even lost an arm. Luo Zheng did not want them to fight anymore. Letting the rules of the Governing Slate erase those Xuanyuan Guards was undoubtedly the easiest way.
"It's time to change the rules on the Governing Slate." Luo Zheng glanced at the Governing Slate.
He waved his hand lightly, and all the rules on the Governing Slate disappeared.
The rules on the Governing Slate were written in Shenwu Coins that the wealthy families had spent countless manpower and time accumulating. Just like that, they were casually erased by Luo Zheng …
If those Saints saw this, they would probably die of heartache.

Chapter 2590
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
On Han Jia's floating island.
"Everyone in the divine realm, kill all the Xuan Yuan Guards! Don't stop until you're dead! "
Actually, the words used to set the rules on the stone tablet were very strict.
For example, what did the Xuan Yuan Guards represent?
There were so many people in the divine realm. What if one of them happened to be called the Xuan Yuan Guards?
This was Luo Zheng's first time setting a rule, so he didn't think too much about it. He just followed his heart and inscribed the rule.
When Luo Zheng finished writing the rule, the surface of the rule glowed with a golden light, and it immediately took effect.
Crackle …
Streaks of blue lightning spiraled into the sky.
Under the terrifying pressure, even Ming Wei had to raise her eyebrows.
"Just this stone slab is able to erupt with such terrifying power …" Chi Yi clicked his tongue in wonder.
Elder Jin said, "This is something the Great Chieftain created. How can it be ordinary?"
This time, the Governing Stone Tablet's pressure was even more terrifying than the last time it targeted Luo Zheng. The rich kids below were in trouble again.
However, after the lesson last time, the rich kids knew that the floating island was now a place of trouble. Many of them scrambled to leave the floating island. They planned to wait until the Sea of Time calmed down before returning.
The Saints discovered that the floating island was on the verge of collapse and planned to attack again.
Luo Zheng stood on top of the island and looked down. He waved his hand lightly, and all the floating islands stabilized in the air.
No matter how terrifying the Governing Stone Tablet's pressure was, these floating islands wouldn't shake in the slightest. Of course, the True Gods still had to suffer a bit under this pressure, but it was also a kind of experience for them.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …
Six streaks of lightning spiraled out in all directions of the divine realm.
This stone tablet had considerable authority in the divine realm. In terms of influence, it was probably second only to Luo Zheng, who had fused with the nascent will.
Since Luo Zheng had written down the order to kill the Xuan Yuan Guards, the Governing Stone Tablet naturally knew where they were hiding.
"Alright, the Governing Slate will kill them." Luo Zheng smiled at Elder Jin and Ming Wei.
Ming Wei nodded. "The power of this stone slab is indeed very strong. However, with just one bolt of lightning, it's more than enough to kill the other Xuan Yuan Guards. However, I'm afraid that it'll be difficult for Jing Xian."
Before this, Ming Wei had transformed into her Aragami form and unleashed all of her power. However, she still could not kill Wei Xian.
This Wei Xian probably had a unique blood refinement technique, so he wasn't that easy to kill.
"If one thunderbolt isn't enough, then ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand. Once the rules of the Governing Slate are triggered, they won't stop until they die. There's no way they can escape," Luo Zheng replied.
Luo Zheng had only been able to avoid the punishment of the Governing Slate's rules in the Great Yan Universe through the method of blood exchange.
If one were to use other methods to sneak into the Divine Territory, the moment they violated the rules of the stone slab, they would face an endless stream of punishment.
Hearing Luo Zheng's explanation, Ming Wei smiled and nodded in understanding.
Luo Zheng's gaze finally landed on Fu Er. Fu Er had been unconscious all this time. After his legs had been cut off by Wei Xian, Chi Yi had been carrying him on his back.
"How are Fu Er's injuries?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
Chi Yi said, "They're not fatal. He'll just need to rest."
Luo Zheng nodded. "Then I'll naturally find a quiet place for everyone!" His gaze swept across the floating islands below. "Let's go to the Han Clan's floating island first."
The Luo Clan's floating island had already fallen into the Sea of Time. However, to the Luo Clan, having another floating island was only a matter of a thought from Luo Zheng. There was no rush. After settling the internal and external troubles in the Divine Territory, there were still many things to take care of.
…
…
Following the fall of the Han Clan's Sage Emperor, the entire clan was without a leader. Even Han Tianxiao was still fighting for the position of Sage in Saint Mountain. There were only a few Han Clan elders guarding the floating island.
Many of the Han Clan's disciples were afraid of being implicated, so they all fled the floating island and returned to the Liuren Domain.
The arrival of Luo Zheng's group caused the Han Clan elders to shiver in fear. During the time Emperor Han Qing had commanded the Noble Clan Alliance, all of the Han Clan's disciples had been bossy and domineering.
Now that Emperor Han Qing had fallen, the entire Han Clan was finished. Many of the Han Clan's disciples believed so.
Chi Yi, Elder Jin, and the others found a secluded place to treat Fu Er's injuries. Ming Wei was focused on repairing her severed arm.
In comparison, Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui were in the best condition out of the group of outsiders.
Under the gazes of the elders of the Han family, Luo Xiao gently spread his hands. With a spatial ripple, a spatial tunnel was constructed. The tunnel directly connected to a certain star in the Grand Yan Universe.
Soon …
Aunt Han Jiu, Jing Wuhuan, Yu Taibai, Han Chuyue, Han Liusu, and the others walked out.
"Aunt Han Jiu!"
"It's a quasi-sage!"
"And Princess Liusu …"
When the elders of the Han Family saw these people, they couldn't contain their excitement.
Even an idiot could see that the Sea of Time was about to change.
If Aunt Han Jiu endorsed the Han Clan, the entire Han Clan would be able to survive this calamity unscathed!
"Huh? Why is it the Han Clan's floating island?" Han Chuyue blinked, her face full of curiosity.
Han Liusu was also a bit confused, her large eyes staring blankly at Luo Zheng.
"I couldn't find a safe place for now, so I could only choose this place," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Yu Taibai, Aunt Han Jiu, and the others saw that Luo Zheng was safe and sound. They roughly guessed the general situation of the Divine Realm. During this period of time, they had been hiding in the Great Yan Universe and bitterly waiting.
Just as they were about to ask about the details, a Han Clan elder rushed over to Aunt Han Jiu and cried, "Aunt Jiu! Back then, Emperor Qing was unfair, and we couldn't do anything about it. Now that Emperor Qing has fallen, we ask you to make the decision for the Han Clan! "
Hearing this, Aunt Han Jiu, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue's hearts trembled.
"Emperor Qing … is he dead?" Aunt Han Jiu asked.
"Yes! Emperor Qing's connection to the universe collapsed, "the elder cried.
Luo Zheng said, "I was the one who shattered Emperor Hanqing's universe."
Before killing Emperor Qing, Luo Zheng had some misgivings.
But such a person wasn't fit to be a father. Even in death, he had used his own daughter as a hostage. Luo Zheng couldn't find a single reason to forgive him.
Han Liusu pursed her lips and shook her head. "Father only has himself to blame …"
"Then what about brother?" Han Chuyue knew that Han Cangyan was still under Emperor Qing's control. She was naturally worried about his safety.
"Emperor Qing sent Han Cangyan to Saint Mountain to kill me. I erased his soul imprint. He's here."
As Luo Zheng spoke, he waved his hand and Han Cangyan's body appeared in front of everyone. However, Han Cangyan's soul had no memories. He could only be considered a walking corpse.

Chapter 2591
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Revised Rules
Li Luoshui nodded. With a flip of her finger, the reincarnation soul tool appeared in her hand.
As she closed her eyes and her eyelashes trembled, her consciousness began to wander in the sea of memories.
Using the reincarnation soul tool, she quickly found Han Cangyan's memories.
"Feng!"
Everyone's memories were different in color. A faint orange flame floated above the reincarnation soul tool.
Han Liusu and Han Chuyue stared at the memories, their eyes filled with nervousness.
An elder brother was like a father. Emperor Han Qing's death was his own fault, but they still needed a pillar in their hearts. Aunt Han Jiu might be able to become their pillar, but she couldn't compare to Han Cangyan.
"Hu …"
The faint orange flame floated towards Han Cangyan's mind.
After a long time, Han Cangyan slowly opened his eyes. Looking at the people around him, his face was filled with confusion.
"Liusu, what happened to me …"
As he spoke, he suddenly felt a strange feeling coming from his fingertips. The ring in his hand was actually emitting a surge of power. This power was so strong that it immediately made his eyes widen. This ring allowed him to feel the existence of the entire Abyss Devil Domain!
"What's with this ring? What happened?" Han Cangyan almost couldn't help but want to throw the ring out.
What happened after Han Cangyan's memories were removed was a long story. Han Liusu sighed and said, "Big brother, come to my side. I'll tell you …"
After Han Cangyan was called away, Dongfang Yingqing endured for a long time before walking out of the crowd and asking, "Luo Zheng, how is Tianming now?"
Dongfang Yingqing knew that Saint Mountain hadn't closed, and the competition for the position of Saint was still ongoing.
In Huan Yu, Yu Taibai had told her that Hua Tianming had a high chance of obtaining the position of Saint, so she didn't have to worry.
But Dongfang Yingqing could imagine how fierce the competition for the position of Saint was, so she couldn't help but ask.
Hearing Dongfang Yingqing's words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of shame.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Dongfang Yingqing's heart tightened. She asked, "Did something happen to him?"
"Brother Tianming has fallen in the Saint Mountain," Luo Zheng replied.
At this moment, Luo Xiao's expression was very serious. Hua Tianming and Chen Huangyi Sword both came from the Great Yan Universe. Luo Xiao could instantly know whether they were dead or alive. Therefore, when Luo Xiao was surrounded by the Moonlight Slaughterer in the outer realm, he knew that Hua Tianming had fallen.
But Luo Xiao didn't know the details. He planned to ask Luo Zheng in detail later, but he didn't expect Dongfang Yingqing to ask first in a hurry.
Dongfang Yingqing's ruddy complexion instantly turned deathly pale, and tears welled up in her eyes. Her lips trembled, and she was unable to utter a single word …
For so many years, every time Hua Tianming left, she would fall into a state of worry, but he never disappointed her. He was blessed with great fortune, and when he returned, he was always safe and sound, even when he went to the Abyss Devil Domain.
But this time, the thing she was most worried about finally happened.
Looking at Dongfang Yingqing's expression, Luo Zheng hurriedly said, "Although he's dead, we have the fire of his memories! We can let him reincarnate in the Divine Realm. With Tianming's talent, he can cultivate to become an upper-level True God in at most 50 years! "
Dongfang Yingqing was slightly taken aback. She, who was originally in grief, suddenly had a glimmer of hope. "You … can let Tianming reincarnate?"
Luo Zheng nodded firmly. "My mother controls the land of reincarnation in the Divine Realm. She can know about Hua Tianming's reincarnated physical body, and she can also return Brother Tianming's memories to him!"
A mere few decades was extremely short for a True God. Dongfang Yingqing naturally could afford to wait.
"But the fire of memories should only contain Hua Tianming's memories in the Divine Realm. The memories in the Great Yan Universe …" Luo Zheng said as he looked at Luo Xiao. "I wonder if Father can retrieve them from the universe."
Everyone's memories in the Divine Realm were stored in the land of reincarnation. However, the universe was ultimately incomparable to the Divine Realm. Luo Zheng couldn't confirm this matter, so he could only ask Luo Xiao now.
Luo Xiao pondered for a moment before saying, "I can't retrieve the memories of every living being in the Great Yan Universe. However, it shouldn't be a problem if it's just Hua Tianming."
Hearing his father's answer, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief.
Although Brother Tianming needed to cultivate from the beginning, he was a God's citizen the moment he was born in the Divine Realm. Moreover, with his memories preserved, his cultivation would be twice as fast with half the effort. Moreover, there were so many people backing Hua Tianming. The situation was better than he had imagined.
…
…
Three days later, the Saint Mountain on the northern shore of the Sea of Time suddenly trembled.
Dozens of quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods came out of the gate in the Saint Mountain.
These quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods' auras were declining, and their faces were filled with regret and disappointment. The remaining three holy springs were occupied by the Leng Family, the Xie Family, and the Bai Family respectively.
Although they were unwilling, they also rejoiced at the same time.
As long as they were alive, there was still hope to be canonized as a Saint. Those quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods who had died had no hope.
"Rumble …"
As the Saint Mountain continued to tremble, the mountain began to slowly descend and sink into the ground.
The huge mountain sank down and rolled out a huge pit in the ground. The seawater of the Sea of Time also poured in from the other side of the pit.
For countless years in the Divine Realm, the Saint Mountain had been enveloped by the Sea of Time's seawater, suppressing the nascent will of the Divine Realm. Now that the nascent will had been taken away, the Saint Mountain still had a mission to be canonized as a Saint.
After the Saint Mountain returned to its original position, a few rays of light suddenly erupted in the sky above the Divine Realm.
Those rays of light shot straight toward the Saint Hall. Not long after, there were five more figures in the Saint Hall. The two people in the lead were Patriarch Qian Long and Chen Huang Yijian.
When their inner worlds became spirit lodging grounds, they could obtain an additional portion of power from the Divine Realm.
In the eyes of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses, they were still Perfect True Gods, but their true strength was much more powerful than Perfect True Gods.
These five people's faces were filled with joy. From now on, they could be considered to be standing at the peak of the Divine Realm.
Especially the new Saint of the Leng family, Leng Wuyu, who was full of joy. After being canonized as a Saint, he could be on equal footing with the Saint Emperor of the Leng family, Leng Yao!
At this moment, a figure quietly appeared in the Saint Hall. It was Luo Zheng.
Following Luo Zheng were Luo Xiao, Saint Jiu, Li Luoshui, and the others.
"Master!"
Chen Huang Yijian, who had been canonized as a Saint, still bowed respectfully to Luo Xiao.
Leng Wuyu and the other Saints coldly glanced at Luo Zheng.
This Luo Zheng had suppressed everyone in the Saint Mountain by himself, but this guy was still only a True God.
Although Leng Wuyu and the others were afraid of Luo Zheng's strength, they still thought that they were a level higher than Luo Zheng.