Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.1

Chapter 2330
The upper-level true god struggled out of the severed tentacle and fled.
"Trying to escape?"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was about to slash out again.
Although this thing was a ferocious creature in the abyss demon realm, it wasn't that powerful.
It wasn't hard to kill it.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to end it, Qian Long suddenly shouted, "Luo Zheng, don't kill it! This thing has intelligence! "
Although Patriarch Qian Long didn't express his meaning completely, Luo Zheng understood in an instant.
After leaving the land of reincarnation, they moved forward purely based on their intuition. They didn't know north, south, east, or west at all.
If they were lucky, they could leave this place and enter the upper levels of the abyss demon realm …
But if they were unlucky, they would enter the nest of some powerful ferocious creatures. That would be troublesome.
If this thing really had intelligence, they could get some information from it!
The huge triangular head spun crazily and quickly drilled out a huge hole. It wasn't slow at all.
However, its size ultimately affected its speed.
Luo Zheng's figure floated lightly and arrived behind the "head". He grabbed the tentacles behind it and pulled it out. The "head" was pulled out by Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Then, he kicked the area below his head.
The huge head drew a parabola and landed on the beach.
"Waaa …"
The huge mouth let out an unpleasant shriek. After rolling around, it started to spin again.
It still didn't give up on escaping.
However, Qian Long had already landed on the beach. He lightly stepped on the sand and a surge of Taoist Connotation entered the sand.
This piece of sand suddenly became hard and hard, like a stone slab, its surface was suffused with a multicolored color.
The head tried to drill for a while, but there was no way it could go down. In the end, it could only give up.
When Luo Zheng landed next to Qian Long, Qian Long stared at the head and said, "If I'm not wrong, this is the West Sea Devil Head."
"What's the West Sea Devil Head Monster?" Luo Zheng had never seen such a strange thing before.
"It's an ancient legend in the Western Sea. This kind of monster floats in the depths of the Western Sea. If someone accidentally gets caught by its tentacles, they'll be pulled to the bottom of the sea," said Qianlong.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng understood. He smiled and asked, "It seems that this is just a legend, and not many people know about it."
In the first place, the Abyssal Magic Domain did not exist. Everything in it was a fantasy created by the gods.
Perhaps because of that ancient legend, the West Sea Demon Head Monster was passed down by word of mouth. In people's imaginations, it was still born in the Abyss Demonic Realm.
"Indeed." Patriarch Qianlong nodded. "The legend of the West Sea Devil Head is only spread around the West Sea. I was born there, so I naturally know."
There weren't many legends about the West Sea Demon Head Monster, and very few people knew about it. The power of faith it received was also very little, so it was only natural that it became weaker …
But this thing was said to be very cunning and intelligent. Patriarch Qianlong thought of this and asked Luo Zheng to spare its life.
Luo Zheng tapped his toes lightly and jumped up, standing above the Demon Head Monster. "Which layer of the Abyss Demonic Realm is this? Where is the exit?"
He didn't want to talk too much nonsense with this ugly thing.
"Wah wah wah …"
The head opened its mouth and made a series of strange sounds, as if it didn't understand human language.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He pointed the long sword in his hand downward. "Speak human language, or die immediately."
"Crash …"
Billowing sword intent circled around Luo Zheng's long sword. He only needed to shake his hand slightly to mince the head into pieces.
The Demon Head Monster felt Luo Zheng's killing intent and finally opened its mouth, shouting in a very rough and strange voice, "Don't, don't kill me, I'll tell you!"
Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong looked at each other and smiled. Patriarch Qianlong's judgment was right.
"Speak," Luo Zheng said lightly.
"I don't know much … I'm just their food. This is a breeding ground!" The Demon Head Monster shouted.
"Food? A breeding ground? "Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
"Yes, we're just food for the demons! Every once in a while, those demons will come here, dig us out, and take us away. "The Demon Head Monster's face showed helplessness.
The Demon Clan's control of the Abyss Demonic Realm had reached the extreme. Relying on their own wisdom, it could be said that they had surpassed the definition of "Forbidden Lands".
This was also why the Demon Clan could fight against the Saints!
This breeding ground was just a ranch for the Demon Clan. Whether it was in the magma lake or the endless beach, there were delicious food kept.
And the Demon Head Monster was one of them.
"Which layer of the Abyss Demonic Realm is this?" Patriarch Qianlong suddenly asked. This was what he was most concerned about.
"The sixth layer," the Demon Head Monster answered honestly.
Hearing this answer, the hearts of the six people present sank.
Although they did not know how many layers there were in the Abyss Demonic Realm, this answer was far beyond their expectations!
"The sixth layer, it seems like we can't get out …" Patriarch Qianlong murmured with a bitter smile on his face.
He even suspected that the sixth layer was the lowest layer of the Abyss Demonic Realm!
"If we really can't leave, we should return to the Land of Reincarnation."
"If we encounter the legendary demons, we won't have a chance to leave alive …"
The three upper true gods were unable to remain calm.
Luo Zheng frowned, stared at the Demon Head Monster, and asked, "Is there a way to return to the fifth layer?"
"I … don't know." The Demon Head Monster's huge face was full of tears. "I really don't know. I've stayed in this damned place for long, but I can't go anywhere. In the end, I'll only become food for the demons!"
Compared to the Land of the Gods, the environment in the Forbidden Lands was even worse.
These monsters would fight with each other, and there was no way for them to escape.
After all, it was impossible for them to escape into the Land of the Gods. The creatures in the Forbidden Lands were just imaginary creatures. If they left the Forbidden Lands, they would really disappear.
"In that case, there's no need for you to exist." As Luo Zheng spoke, he raised the long sword in his hand and prepared to kill the Demon Head Monster.
These monsters did not have the slightest value of mercy.
"Wait, wait." The Demon Head Monster saw that it could not escape death and suddenly shouted, "I know, there's a guy in the sea. He should know the way out!"
"In the magma sea?"

Chapter 2331
The monster hesitated for a moment before saying, "That thing lives in the magma and is one of the demons' favorite foods. But that thing is too agile, so I usually use my body to fish it up …"
"Use your body?" Luo Zheng blinked and swept his gaze across the beach.
"Yes," the monster answered truthfully, its "human face" looking rather aggrieved.
The monster was considered a relatively low-level monster in this area.
It might be one of the demons' food, but its greatest use was to lure that thing in the sea …
"In that case, we can also fish it up!" Patriarch Qianlong said.
"I'm afraid you'll have to wait …" the monster suddenly said.
"Why should we wait?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"That guy was eaten by the demons not long ago. I don't know if it has been reborn or not." The monster laughed mischievously.
All the ferocious creatures in the forbidden area would appear again and again.
Just like shenwu coins, after taking shenwu coins from the same place, a similar amount of shenwu coins would appear again after a period of time. This was because the power of faith was constantly supporting the forbidden area.
In contrast, the monster's luck might be better than the guy in the magma sea.
After all, monsters were not so popular with the demons. As long as the guy in the magma sea was "reborn", it would be caught by the demons and eaten again.
Who knew how many times this absurd cycle had repeated.
Hearing the monster's words, Luo Zheng said, "Let's assume that guy has been reborn. I can also give it a try!"
Then, Luo Zheng reached out and pulled in the air.
One of the tentacles buried deep under the beach was pulled out by Luo Zheng.
After grabbing the tentacle tightly, he shook it forcefully. The tentacle drew an arc in the air and fell into the surface of the magma sea.
Although the temperature of the magma sea was not low, the tentacle could withstand it.
Not long after, the tentacle sank into the sea of magma …
Seeing this, Patriarch Qianlong smiled and also pulled out a tentacle from the beach.
Like Luo Zheng, he threw the tentacle into the magma sea.
The three upper true gods slowly descended and waited motionlessly.
However, they were still somewhat afraid of the Devil Head Monster. They only floated to the side, not daring to land on the beach.
"You guys … take your time fishing. Can I leave first?" The demon asked.
"What do you think?" Luo Zheng glanced at the monster.
The monster shut its mouth and didn't make a sound.
Although the Devil Head Monster was a ferocious creature in the Forbidden Grounds and could be reborn infinitely, the Devil Head Monster could still be reborn.
However, every time it died, its cultivation base would decrease.
The cultivation of forbidden lands and vicious creatures was different from the Divine Realm's system. Their cultivation was measured by the power of faith they contained.
After dying once, the power of faith that he had accumulated would be completely wasted, and he would have to start all over again.
Therefore, the beasts in this area all had miserable fates. They could only be reborn over and over again, living eternally at the bottom of the food chain.
Only a small number of ferocious beasts were able to climb up.
Of course, even those ferocious creatures that climbed up could only be cannon fodder for the demons.
After all, demons stood at the top of the entire Abyssal Demon Domain.
The two tentacles were immersed in the magma silently.
Luo Zheng grabbed one of them tightly and stood on the beach like a statue.
Taking advantage of this free time, Luo Zheng used the reincarnation soul tool to read Hua Tianming's flame of memory again.
"As expected of a group of Saints. After rushing out of the purple fog, they quickly subdued those little demons … So soon, they're going to step into the fourth level?" Luo Zheng said silently in his heart.
Dongfang Chunjun led the Saints from bottom to top. After rushing out of the purple fog, those little demons still didn't give up.
However, as the Soul Devouring Worms dispersed, the Saints could also release their divine consciousness freely.
This was like a blind man suddenly opening his eyes to see the world. After using his divine consciousness to lock onto the position of the little demons, the speed advantage of these little demons disappeared.
Dongfang Chunjun didn't need to do anything.
Even those quasi-sages, or even a few top-notch Great Perfection True Gods, would have the power to fight against these little devils!
After two of the little demons were captured alive, Tang Lun even created a fire formation and placed these two little demons in the formation to barbecue them. In the end, the two little demons were completely burned.
The other five little demons also knew that they couldn't fight against these people. They could only hide in the purple fog and retreat with the Soul Devouring Worms.
Although the little demons could be reborn infinitely, they wouldn't foolishly send themselves to death.
After that, the people from the Wealthy Family Alliance were like a hot knife through butter. They didn't encounter any resistance on the third level of the Abyssal Demon Domain and quickly rushed to the entrance of the fourth level of the Abyssal Demon Domain.
If the thick fog above the Abyssal Demon Domain was completely dispersed, one would discover that the entire Abyssal Demon Domain was like a huge terrace.
From the outermost periphery, the center of this huge pit was the lowest level of the Abyssal Demon Domain.
Around a huge altar at the lowest level, jade-white skulls were placed neatly.
These skulls had circles of special patterns drawn on them, which looked very artistic.
This was the craftsmanship of demons.
The skulls of true gods were very valuable in the demon clan.
It wasn't that these skulls had any practical use for the demon clan. The demons only treated these skulls as treasures and hung them in their bedrooms for them to admire.
"Huala, huala …"
In the center of this altar, there was a small circular hole.
The small hole suddenly began to spurt out blood. As the blood spread, it flowed along the patterns on the altar and poured into the skulls around the altar.
After the skulls were filled with blood, their two sunken eye sockets began to emit a dark red light.
When the eye sockets of all the skulls began to emit light …
A pool of blood began to rise from the center of the altar.
This pool of blood quickly condensed and turned into the shape of a human baby.
It began to grow from the size of a thumb to the size of a fist. Suddenly, two small horns grew out of its head and its skin turned dark red. It was the appearance of the little demon from before.
"Damned Sage, how dare he refine me! They are seeking their own deaths! "
That little demon still hadn't completely "grown up". Its slightly immature face was already filled with rage.
But just as it finished speaking, a huge fist suddenly descended from the top of the altar.
"Boom!"
This fist directly smashed onto the altar. Under the pressure of the fist, the little demon was completely turned into a meat patty.

Chapter 2332
Above the altar, in the thick fog, a huge figure stood in the middle.
When the figure slowly retracted its fist, the little fiend's originally flat body twisted and slowly returned to its original appearance.
"Master …"
The little fiend knelt on the altar and called out in fear and trepidation.
Next to the little fiend, another pool of blood appeared. This pool of blood quickly condensed and turned into another little fiend.
After these two little fiends were captured by the Saints, they were refined to death by Tang Lun. Therefore, the two of them were directly reborn at the bottom of the Abyss Demon Domain, saving them the travel time.
Of course, they were not willing to return early.
This mission was a complete failure, and whoever returned first would have to bear the master's anger.
"Master, you can't blame us. Wrath came too late. The Soul-Devouring Worms have already begun to dissipate. By the time the Saints rushed out of the area covered by the Soul-Devouring Worms, we were no match for them …"
"Boom!"
The other little fiend explained for a long time, but what greeted it was still a huge fist.
This time, the two little fiends were smashed into meat patties together.
However, this kind of punishment was not considered punishment at all to the little fiends.
They did not feel pain, and had no concept of physical pain.
The two little fiends were afraid of other punishments from their master. For the fiend race, torture methods could be said to be extremely plentiful. They had already raised some special torture to the height of art!
In fact, if one did not talk about their ugly appearance, the fiend race did indeed have excellent artistic talent.
"Forget it, it's just a test. The other party is a group of top forces in the Divine Domain. It's impossible to stop them with just you guys," the huge voice in the fog said faintly.
"This is an impossible mission, and they assigned it to us …" One of the little fiends muttered.
These little fiends were originally created from the negative emotions of the fiend race. Their temperament was extremely bad, and naturally could not control their mouths.
"Do you want to become food for the Demonic Hounds?" The huge voice in the fog shouted coldly.
That little fiend immediately shut up …
"Boom, boom, boom …"
With the sound of huge footsteps, the huge figure walked through the fog.
Following the altar to the right, there was a road that was hundreds of feet wide.
The road was flat to the extreme, and the square stones used to pave the road were tightly pressed together.
The surface of each square stone was engraved with extremely complicated patterns that connected with each other, leaving a beautiful picture on the surface of the road.
It was hard to imagine that the demons who represented chaos would decorate their settlement to such an extent.
At the end of the path was a huge hall that was thousands of feet tall. The hall was supported by sixty-six stone pillars, and each pillar was carved with a different shape.
In the end, the Abyss Demonic Realm could not be compared to the Divine Realm. It did not have such abundant resources, and the materials used to build the hall were definitely not as good as the floating islands of the wealthy families.
However, judging from its appearance, this giant hall was more exquisite and grandiose than any of the True Gods' buildings.
The huge figure followed the path all the way to the entrance of the giant hall. The mist that shrouded his body slowly dispersed, revealing his true body.
It was a six thousand feet tall Great Evil Demon.
This Great Evil Demon's face was ferocious, and the skin all over his body was dark red. His huge tendons contained a natural explosive power.
In fact, the imagination of the God's people and the power of faith from generation to generation had long imagined the demons as a kind of vicious creature that was perfect and extremely destructive.
All kinds of shiny pendants hung on this Great Evil Demon's body. There were hexagons, triangles, and extremely complicated geometric patterns.
"Boom!"
He walked to the entrance of the giant hall and pushed the door open. He then said indifferently, "Jia Lu, those fellows have already reached the fourth floor!"
In the giant hall, there was a huge round table.
There were three other Great Evil Demons sitting on the round table. At this moment, these three Great Evil Demons were eating with their heads lowered.
On the round table, there was a kind of creature that was as tall as a person.
These creatures had three legs and two hands. They were very fast, running rapidly on the huge round table, carrying food back and forth.
The three-legged, two-handed vicious creatures were called Demonic Spirits. They were also creatures created by the demons, but their duty was only to serve these Great Evil Demons.
"Kacha!"
A Great Demon in front of the round table was stuffing bright red berries into his mouth one after another.
These berries came from the "Enchanted Tree" in the Abyss. It was also a kind of fruit that the demons loved very much. The freshly picked enchanted berries emitted a fishy sweet smell of fresh blood.
After Jia Lu chewed on the berries, a thick smell of fresh blood spread in the hall. Some of the Demonic Spirits glanced at it and revealed a greedy look. Then, they diligently served the Great Evil Demons.
"Are we afraid of them? Tut? " After Jia Lu finished eating those berries, he carefully wiped his thick and sharp fingers as he casually asked in return.
"Of course not," Tut replied.
Jia Lu cracked open his mouth and smiled faintly. "Then what are you worried about?"
The vicious creatures in the Abyss could be reborn infinitely, and the demons were no exception.
However, every time they died, they would lose the power of faith they had accumulated, and their strength would be weakened.
However, the status of the demon race was stable, and this little impact was minimal.
"I think this is an opportunity. We can't be confined to the Abyss Demon Territory forever." Tut's face revealed a yearning look. "We've thought about it for so many years, and finally there's a glimmer of possibility. Why not use them to try? Although it's a little risky … "
The vicious creatures in the Forbidden Lands were born strong, and this was where they were lucky.
However, they also had the greatest misfortune. Whether it was a strong Great Evil Demon or a weak Ground Fox in the Forbidden Lands, they were not real. They were still fantasy creatures!
After these Great Evil Demons became the top existence in the Abyss Demon Territory, they began to think about how to leave this damned place!
Their goal was the entire Divine Territory.
However, as a fantasy creature, they would disappear once they left the Forbidden Lands. This was an iron law, and the demons could not avoid it.
However, these demons with extraordinary intelligence still found a glimmer of possibility. This possibility was enough for them to leave the Forbidden Lands and enter the Divine Territory.
"Hahaha …" Jia Lu suddenly laughed.
The other two Great Evil Demons were laughing too.
Tut frowned and asked, "What are you laughing about?"

Chapter 2333
There were not many Evil Demons, there were less than a thousand of them in the entire Abyss Demon Region.
The four Great Evil Demons in the hall were the actual commanders of the Evil Demons.
If there was an important decision, the four Great Evil Demons would usually vote.
"Of course I won't support you," Tut said with a serious expression.
He looked over Jia Lu's head and looked at the huge mural behind him.
On the mural was an old man holding a book, and around this God, there were countless Evil Demons.
Below the Evil Demons were countless True Gods in the Divine Domain.
Like the Gods, the Evil Demons also had a target of faith.
And the target of their faith was an ordinary old man in the Divine Domain.
This old man was called "Wang Xi", until his lifespan was almost up, Wang Xi was only a Proof of Divinity martial artist.
Because without Proof of Divinity, it was impossible to live forever in the Divine Domain.
An ordinary God's citizen like this was just an insignificant existence in the God's Domain.
If it was not for Wang Xi's senseless actions, it would not have had such a huge impact … …
Wang Xi's talent in cultivation was average.
Becoming a Proof of Divinity martial artist was his limit, he could no longer cultivate to become a Lower True God.
As time passed, Wang Xi's lifespan gradually came to an end.
But in his final years, he began to make up all kinds of legends.
In the era Wang Xi was in, the Sacred Clan had just disappeared, the newly born Gods in the Divine Domain were still in a state of sleep.
The legends he made up were widely spread … …
And among these legends, the most widely spread was the legend about the Evil Demons.
This race did not have a specific surname, so they had strange names, such as Jia Lu, Tut, Tut … …
This race was extremely intelligent … …
This race was strong and loved to kill … …
They lived in the Abyss Demon Region, where all the evil existences in the Divine Domain gathered.
Because of Wang Xi's nonsense, and by chance, after being spread by countless Gods by word of mouth, the Abyss Demon Region was born.
From this point of view, Wang Xi did indeed create the Evil Demons.
So in the eyes of the Evil Demons, Wang Xi's position was naturally extraordinary, even though he was only a Proof of Divinity martial artist.
"Alright, since the three of you insist, I won't object anymore." Jia Lu smiled and used his huge fingers to snap lightly.
Three Demonic Spirits carried a huge silver dinner plate and placed it gently in front of Jia Lu.
"I'll let you enjoy the delicacy this time, Tut...." Lu pushed the dinner plate to the other side of the round table.
"Dong dong dong … …"
There was a huge lid on top of the silver plate. The lid was constantly trembling, as if there was a living creature struggling crazily inside.
Tutt smiled and walked to the front of the round table.
Demonic Tut Tut of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity of Divinity.
Tut Tut Divinity Divinity Divinity Divinity Divinity of Divinity....
"Damned demons, you'll all go extinct one day!"
"All of you have been hiding in the darkness of the Demon Domain all your lives, never seeing the light of day, yet you still think that you are strong …"
"I …"
The strange fish kept cursing.
Tutt was not angry at all.
The Demon Clan had already eaten this strange fish hundreds of thousands of times. This strange fish did not have the strength to choose the Demon Clan, so every time it was eaten, it would use all sorts of malicious words.
For the Demon Clan, they had already heard so much that their ears had grown calluses.
But no matter how vicious the strange fish was, it couldn't hide its delicious taste …
Tut picked up the silver wine cup and poured the magma in the cup onto the plate.
"Buzz buzz …"
The strange fish immediately opened up a transparent barrier, blocking the magma outside.
Tute extended a little finger and gently tapped on the barrier.
"Boom!"
Like a soap bubble, the barrier was instantly extinguished.
The boiling lava wrapped around the strange fish, making a sizzling sound. Amidst a series of miserable screams, the strange fish was cooked.
Tut took a whiff of the fragrance and said in an intoxicated manner, "When I'm enjoying this, something happy should appear!"
Another Great Demon gently clapped his hands …
A dozen or so human females flew out from the depths of the palace!
These human females had fair skin and beautiful looks. They only had a translucent veil draped over their bodies.
Accompanied by a burst of beautiful music, these women began to dance.
These human females all had the cultivation of an upper True God.
They were all descendants of the Floating Island's wealthy families. They were captured by the Demon Clan while exploring the Abyss Devil Domain.
The descendants of the wealthy families of the past had no choice but to fall to such a state …
After going through rounds of torture, the humiliation in their hearts had long disappeared. What replaced it was numbness.
With this wonderful music and dance, the Great Demons began their delightful banquet.
…
…
After the strange fish was eaten by Tut, it was reborn in the Abyss Devil Domain's magma sea.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The moment it was born, the strange fish had already opened up a barrier.
"Damned Wang Xi, creating these Demons that are worse than pigs and dogs!" the strange fish cursed viciously.
Ferocious creatures that could be born in the Abyss Devil Domain were not good creatures. After all, this place gathered the dark side of all the Gods …
The strange fish had been repeatedly eaten by the Demon Clan. It had heard many secrets about the Demon Clan at the dining table. It understood the Demon Clan rather well, better than any other creature!
After opening up the barrier, the strange fish swam around in the magma sea continuously.
Vaguely, it saw another delicious tentacle …
"So soon, they want to fish me out again! Are these pigs and dogs that hungry? "
The strange fish revealed a strange expression.
Logically speaking, every time it was eaten, it would be released for a period of time. The Demon Clan would not frequently fish it out in a short period of time.
As a unique Ferocious Spirit, it was an extremely high-end food among the Demon Clan. It was not something that ordinary Demons could enjoy …
"This shouldn't be …"
"I'm going to be eaten again in a short period of time?"
"I'm not that stupid!"
The strange fish resisted that tentacle.
However, in the strange fish's eyes, the Demon Head Demon's tentacle was very tempting. It was as tempting as the strange fish was to the Demon Clan.
It was going to be eaten anyway. Before it was eaten, it could still have a good meal!
"I don't care anymore!"
After an intense mental struggle, the strange fish finally bit the tentacle.
At the same time, Luo Zheng, who was on the beach, felt his tentacle suddenly sink. He smiled. "It seems … it took the bait!"

Chapter 2334
"Splash …"
The strange fish that was biting the tentacle was also dragged out of the sea of magma and fell toward the shore.
"That's not right …"
The strange fish's brain couldn't wrap itself around it.
According to the usual practice, it should have at least eaten most of the tentacle before it was dragged ashore!
If the demons wanted to catch it, it couldn't escape.
Therefore, the strange fish generally chose to give up resistance and eat first.
The demons that came to fish were also very patient and would let it enjoy a "last lunch."
But this time, he had only taken a bite before he was dragged up. Just how impatient were these guys!
"So fast?"
The demon's face also revealed a look of surprise.
Patriarch Qian Long smiled slightly and threw away the tentacle in his hand. It seemed that Luo Zheng's luck was indeed stronger than his.
"Plop!"
The strange fish directly smashed onto the beach. Its strange fish eyes looked around and the first thing it saw was the demon.
"Ha, demon, you dare to climb out of the sand with such a timid courage …"
Halfway through its words, the strange fish had already discovered that something was wrong.
Beside the demon, there were actually a few humans.
"Human, human True Gods? How could they appear here! "The strange fish shouted, its fish eyes filled with disbelief.
This was the core area of the demon race.
The only possibility for humans to appear here was that they were kept by the demon race … Then, the demons must want to eat humans!
In the strange fish's memory, the demons had done such a thing.
Perhaps the human race was a race comparable to the demon race, so the demon race was quite interested in everything about the human race.
Human flesh was naturally one of them.
But it was too difficult to eat humans …
After all, although this strange fish was rare and there was only one of it, it would be reborn after eating it.
It had been eaten hundreds of thousands of times, so there were hundreds of thousands of strange fish, and it was inexhaustible.
As for humans …
They could only go to the upper level of the Abyss Demon Realm to catch them.
The True Gods who dared to step into the Abyss Demon Realm were not good people. Even if they were caught, there wouldn't be too many of them.
Therefore, the demons discussed and decided to keep the humans here.
Let the true gods of the human race reproduce on their own. Once there were enough of them, they could eat at will.
Although this idea was beautiful, the True Gods who entered the Abyss Demon Region were all descendants of wealthy families!
Just how ambitious were these True Gods? How could they be willing to be raised like animals?
They would rather commit suicide than allow their children to be eaten by the Demon Clan.
In the end, the Demon Race could only give up. At most, they raised some human women to serve these Great Demons.
Even the female humans were given good treatment by the Demon Clan. They even gave them pointers in their cultivation. This gave them hope that one day, the powerhouses of the God Realm would slaughter their way into the Abyss Devil Domain and rescue them.
Even so, there were still some human women who took action at critical moments and chose to self-detonate after turning the world upside down …
Now that the strange fish saw a human True God here, its eyeballs were about to fall out of their sockets.
"I don't know either. You can ask them!" The devil said helplessly.
It and the strange fish were brothers in the same boat. The only difference was that the devil was not as popular as the strange fish. It did not know if this was a blessing or a curse.
The strange fish stared at Luo Zheng for a while and made a request. "Can I eat this devil? I can only eat its tentacles every time. I'm a little sick of it. I want to eat its head. "
"You!" The devil glared at him.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I want to know how to leave this place. The devil said you are more familiar with this place."
"Leave this place?" The strange fish stared at Luo Zheng as if it did not understand.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"That's impossible." The strange fish chuckled. "Although I don't know how you came in, there's no way you can return from the sixth level!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qian Long's faces darkened at the same time. Luo Zheng immediately said, "Speak clearly."
The strange fish looked at the devil again and said, "I'll only tell you if I eat this guy!"
"Then let me eat you first!" The Devil Head Monster wasn't easy to endure. It angrily rolled its huge head over.
"Bang!"
The devil's head had just rolled when it was kicked out by Luo Zheng and landed on the beach hundreds of feet away.
Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and waved gently.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless tentacles were pulled out from the beach by Luo Zheng and landed in front of the strange fish. "You can eat these. Tell me what you know. If we can leave this place successfully, I will consider taking you with me."
The strange fish smiled bitterly. "But I can't leave the Abyss Demon Realm. How are you going to take me away?"
Like the devil, the strange fish was also a fantasy creature. It would disappear after leaving the forbidden area.
"The Abyss Demon Realm is so huge. You can hide in a corner and escape your current fate," Luo Zheng said.
Although the devil race was the top existence in the Abyss Demon Realm, they were not the ruler of the Abyss Demon Realm. The ruler of the forbidden area could only be a True God, not even a Sage.
The strange fish's eyes looked around, and it seemed to be tempted.
It did have such an idea. Hiding was better than being eaten over and over again …
But with its ability, it was not enough to escape!
The human True Gods in front of it seemed to be quite strong. There really was a chance.
Taking a step back, even if it failed, it would be nothing more than being eaten by the demon again. Its fate was already tragic to the extreme, and it couldn't possibly be worse.
"Okay! I'll take you to find a way out! "After thinking for a while, the strange fish did not hesitate and directly agreed.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng smiled. "Eat."
Thus, the strange fish no longer had any reservations. It opened its fish mouth and gorged on the strings of tentacles.
But while it was eating, it still looked at the devil in the distance …
The devil knew that this guy would not give up on eating it, so it turned its head and went down the beach. This time, Luo Zheng did not stop it. Anyway, he had achieved his goal. Now, the key was up to this strange fish.
The strange fish swallowed all the tentacles like a whirlwind and then said, "Now, those Great Devils are secretly plotting a way to leave the Abyss Demon Realm. They seem to have encountered some troublesome enemies. This is a chance for us. Normally, you can't leave this place at all!"
"A way to leave the Abyss Demon Realm?" Luo Zheng was surprised.

Chapter 2335
"Yes! I was right there! That's why I heard them clearly! " The strange fish said with certainty. "I don't know what they came up with, but it's actually possible to leave this damned place!"
At this point, the strange fish's eyes revealed a yearning look.
As long as it was an intelligent creature, it probably wouldn't be willing to curl up in this damned place.
"But it's impossible for the creatures in the Forbidden Lands to leave," Patriarch Qianlong said, clearly finding it unbelievable.
This was common knowledge in the Divine Realm. Otherwise, the creatures in the Forbidden Lands would have run all over the world.
"I don't know either. Anyway, those great demons are planning this," the strange fish said.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Let's not talk about this for now. Tell me, where's the way out?"
The strange fish twisted its body on the ground. Suddenly, thin legs extended from under its torso. There were a total of about twenty to thirty pairs of legs, supporting its entire body like spider legs.
"Follow me!"
With that, the strange fish's thin legs began to move frequently.
This strange fish actually ran wildly on the ground at an extremely fast speed!
"Let's go too." Luo Zheng nodded.
Patriarch Qianlong and the other three upper True Gods turned into streaks of light and followed behind the strange fish.
Although the strange fish was extremely fast, it still couldn't compare to Luo Zheng and the others.
After walking along the long coastline for some distance, Luo Zheng was a little impatient. He asked, "I'll carry you and fly. You just have to lead the way."
Although the strange fish's body wasn't small, it wasn't a burden for Luo Zheng.
"I'm not used to it. Also, the exit of this ranch isn't far. We'll reach in an hour at most." The strange fish wasn't willing to accept Luo Zheng's help.
Luo Zheng gave up and could only fly behind it.
During this hour, Luo Zheng frowned slightly when he checked Hua Tianming's memories again.
After Dongfang Chunjun and the others got rid of those little demons, their speed greatly increased!
They didn't encounter any effective resistance along the way. Now, they had crossed the fourth level and entered the fifth level of the Abyssal Demon Territory …
This wasn't strange.
After all, they were the strongest group of Saints in the Divine Realm.
The Abyssal Demon Region might be extremely dangerous, but the strength of the Saints was not to be outdone.
As long as the Great Demons did not personally take action, the other ferocious creatures would not be able to stop the Sages at all.
This was not good news for Luo Zheng.
If there was only one way to return to the fifth level from the sixth level of the Abyss Demon Domain, then the probability of him encountering these fellows was quite high.
The strange fish led the way for an hour.
They arrived at the other side of the magma sea, and in front of them were two huge flaming mountains.
This Mountain of Flames burned with blazing flames all year round, and even from dozens of kilometers away, one could feel its extremely high temperature.
"We've reached the pass!" The strange fish stared at the flaming mountain and said.
In order to avoid being exposed, Luo Zheng, Patriarch Qian Long, and the others also descended.
Looking around, Luo Zheng asked, "Is there a Fiend Clan guarding this place?"
"Yes!" The strange fish stared at the entrance. "And there's a lot of them!"
This strange fish was extremely unwilling to accept its fate of being repeatedly devoured. It had also plotted to escape several times.
But every time, it failed.
The result of failure could be imagined, which was that the Fiends guarding this place took advantage of it and became their food.
"This is just a Fiend Clan ranch. Is it so important?" Luo Zheng asked.
The strange fish let out a strange laugh and said rather miserably, "The Fiend Clan is a clan that knows how to enjoy life. The desire for good food is very important to them …"
Whether it was culture or art, the Fiend Clan was extremely particular about it.
This kind of attention was paid to all aspects, including food.
The Fiends were unable to dabble in things outside the Divine Realm, so naturally, everything in the Abyss Demon Domain was displayed to the extreme.
Luo Zheng shook his head. He had only come into contact with the Fiend Clan once, and that was with the Fiend Clan named Tu 'e. He was not clear about the nature of this clan, and it was difficult for him to understand.
"But since there are experts invading this time, the number of Fiends guarding this place should be reduced correspondingly. So I said this is an opportunity," the strange fish continued, its pair of fish eyes flashing with a faint blue light.
"Let's get closer. Everyone, withdraw your Divine Sense and don't release it carelessly," Luo Zheng urged.
Patriarch Qianlong and the others nodded, and tried their best to conceal their presence as they approached the two flaming mountains on foot.
When they were only about ten miles away, they finally found a huge steeple building on one side of the flaming mountains, and there were faint figures swaying inside the building.
After stopping and sizing it up, Patriarch Qianlong immediately said, "Are we going to rush in like this?"
"Definitely not!" The strange fish immediately objected.
"Why?" Patriarch Qianlong was puzzled.
"As long as we don't kill these Fiends, they can quickly gather more of their kind," the strange fish's face showed a cautious expression, "If they summon a Great Fiend, I will at most be eaten by them. You … hehe, it's hard to say what will happen to you."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong's faces showed a cautious expression.
The strange fish looked at Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong. It knew that the two humans were the strongest among the five, and then asked, "Are you sure you can kill ordinary Fiends?"
There were differences in strength among the Fiends.
The top Great Fiends were more powerful than Saints, and the Fiend Clan was the top ferocious creature in the Abyss Demon Region, and they rarely died, so almost every Fiend had accumulated a considerable amount of Power of Faith, and even ordinary Fiends were about the same as Perfect True Gods.
"We can only try our best," Patriarch Qianlong said.
Although he was a Quasi-Sage, he was not born into a wealthy family, and belonged to the lower ranks. In terms of real strength, he might not be a match for Dongfang Taiqing and Mu Xuerong.
"In that case, I will reluctantly be the bait, and you can attack from behind. How about it?" The strange fish laughed and suggested.
To the strange fish, this was a risk without danger.
However, Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong only had one chance, so the pressure was naturally different.
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded.
Back then, Tue was considered extremely powerful among the Fiend Race.
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he was confident that he could handle it. Moreover, the Fiends stationed here should not be stronger than Tue …
After the discussion, the strange fish crawled forward.
Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong carefully walked along a low-lying area on the side.
As for the other three upper True Gods, they could only wait for orders. They could only follow after Luo Zheng and the others succeeded.

Chapter 2336
Guarding the ranch was a completely idle job for the demon race.
The duty of these demons was to prevent the ferocious creatures in the ranch from escaping. If there were orders from above, they had to capture enough fresh food and hand it over.
The strange fish had stayed among the demons for so many years and understood them very well.
Dongfang Chunjun led the Saints to invade the Abyss Demon Territory, and the demons began to transfer manpower.
Originally, there were twelve demons stationed here, but after eight of them were transferred away, there were only four demons left.
"Make your move! Hehe, let's see how you escape! "
In this steeple building, two demons were surrounding a huge Go board and playing excitedly.
There were many changes in Go, but the demons were extraordinarily intelligent.
Almost every demon had chess skills that ordinary people could not compare to. They were very good at this game and were happy to play.
The other demon thought for a long time before placing down a black piece …
"You made the wrong move, idiot!" A demon next to it sneered.
The demon playing chess glared fiercely and said, "Those true gods have a saying, 'Don't speak while watching the game' …"
Halfway through his words, the demon's gaze swept to the door, and a smile appeared on his face. "Hehehe, looks like we can have an extra meal today!"
The other demons also looked over and saw the strange fish outside the house at the same time!
This strange fish had another legend in the divine territory.
The legend described it as an extremely delicious item, and many true gods in the divine territory wanted to catch this strange fish in the North Sea according to this legend.
It was also because of this legend that this strange fish was born in the Abyss Demon Territory and became a meal on the demons' plate.
However, such a meal on the plate was not something that just any demon could enjoy. The strange fish was used as a tribute to those great demons, so how could ordinary demons have a share?
But right now, this was an opportunity for him!
When the other three demons saw this strange fish, their eyes revealed a covetous look.
"This guy knows how to pick the time. It must have heard something at the table, or it wouldn't be planning to escape now!" A demon snickered.
The four demons looked at each other, then rushed out of the steepled building.
The strange fish was still swaggering around. Seeing those demons pouncing toward it, it didn't show any signs of fear.
It even took a few steps back to the right, which would make it easier for Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong to attack!
"Old Six, I'm going to have a good meal this time, right?" the demon running at the front said loudly.
"Bullshit! Two divine epochs ago, this strange fish escaped. Didn't you eat it once? I haven't even tasted a single bite! "The demon following behind said angrily.
"It belongs to whoever snatches it!" another demon said.
The demon at the back didn't say anything. Apparently, he had tacitly agreed to this rule.
As the four demons got closer and closer to the strange fish, the strange fish also sped up its retreat, getting closer and closer to the low-lying area.
"Big Brothers … Big Brothers, can you listen to me?" The strange fish suddenly spoke after retreating some distance.
However, these demons were like hungry wolves coming down the mountain. Who would talk nonsense with their meal? What's more, they still had to fight for this dish.
Seeing those demons pouncing over, the strange fish finally showed a trace of surprise in its eyes. It shouted, "What are you waiting for?!"
If it was really eaten, the strange fish's adventure this time would be over. Naturally, it was unwilling.
Because of its shout, the four demons showed a strange look in their eyes.
Did this strange fish need help?
Were these beasts in the ranch planning to rebel?
Just as the demons were puzzled, two figures flew out from the low-lying area!
"Whoosh!"
The long sword in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly flashed, and a bright silver sword ray slashed out.
Last time, Luo Zheng was almost unable to fight back against Tue. The strength of the demons left a clear impression on Luo Zheng.
This time, he didn't hold back at all. He went all out!
"Human, human?"
The demon at the front was full of shock.
No matter how rich the demon's imagination was, it would never have imagined that a human True God would appear here …
However, his shock only lasted for half a breath. The bright silver sword light had already cut into its neck, and its huge head rolled down from its torso.
Seeing Luo Zheng's sword strike, Patriarch Qian Long, who attacked at the same time as Luo Zheng, was also secretly shocked.
Even if he transformed into the Divine Fate Five-spirit Body, he probably wouldn't be able to take this strike!
But now wasn't the time to be distracted. Patriarch Qian Long stretched out his long arms, and a dense five-element Dao spread out.
"Five-spirit Suppression!"
Just like Luo Zheng, Patriarch Qian Long attacked with full force.
A five-colored light suddenly shone down from the sky. Under the illumination of this five-colored light, a huge pressure covered an area of several hundred meters.
"Rumble!"
Everything in this range had to bear the enormous pressure.
The ground quickly cracked and turned into fine powder …
Even these demons were under great pressure, and it was difficult for them to break free from the five-colored light and escape.
How could Luo Zheng let go of such an opportunity?
With a flip of his body, he suddenly pointed the long sword in his hand.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Three silver sword projections whizzed through the air, hurtling toward the fiends' faces.
Two of the three demons were unable to dodge in time, and the sword rays directly pierced through their heads.
However, the other demon was very agile. It endured the suppression of the five-colored light, dodged Luo Zheng's sword, and quickly retreated!
"Damned human!" The demon cursed as it raised its arm.
Beside its arm, there was a small and exquisite skull.
"Stop it! It's going to notify the other demons! "The strange fish had already hidden in the swamp behind it, and when it saw this scene, it naturally roared.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and the lightning wings on his back instantly transformed!
"Bang!"
With a crisp sound of thunder, Luo Zheng rapidly approached the demon, and the long sword in his hand slashed down from above.
But at this moment, the small skull on the demon's arm lit up, and the demon roared loudly, "Ranch, there's a human …"
"Puchi!"
Luo Zheng's long sword slashed down from the demon's head, almost cutting it in half.
At the same time that the demon was killed, Luo Zheng quickly pulled out his long sword, and stabbed at the small skull again.
"Bang!"
The small skull was instantly shattered by the tip of Luo Zheng's sword.
Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qian Long worked together to kill the four demons in an instant. It could be said that they were extremely fast.
However, their expressions were unsightly. This demon had already spread the news!
"Let's leave quickly. It'll take time for the other demons to arrive!"

Chapter 2337
"Da da da da da …"
The strange fish's slender legs danced wildly as it ran along the path between the two flaming mountains, completely disregarding any danger.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head when he saw this scene. The group continued to follow closely behind.
However, just as they rushed out for a hundred miles, a series of sharp chirps suddenly erupted from the peaks of the mountains on both sides!
One after another, gigantic birds were flying across the mountain range. Their gigantic wings, which were hundreds of feet wide, covered the entire sky.
The light in the Abyss Demon Region was already extremely dim. After the appearance of these huge birds, the mountain path below was plunged into darkness.
"Ah, so fast …"
That strange fish was still running excitedly and didn't even notice the huge birds above its head.
However, at the end of the mountain path, there was a 1,000-foot-tall demon. It had no choice but to stop and look at Luo Zheng and the others with an innocent gaze.
"This idiotic fish …"
Luo Zheng cursed in his heart. If he didn't need this strange fish to lead the way, he would have killed it long ago.
The huge birds in the sky were still circling in the sky and had no intention of attacking. However, the demon blocking the mountain path spoke first. "Humans, you … came from the Land of Reincarnation?"
The demon who spoke was hundreds of feet tall and had a ferocious face. It emitted a dark and terrifying aura.
Compared to the four demons guarding the gate, this demon was much more powerful and had a much higher status.
The ranch was a dead end, and there was no other entrance. There was only one possibility for five humans to appear out of nowhere — they had escaped from the Land of Reincarnation.
Many years ago, the same thing had happened. A Sage had escaped from the ranch and killed many demons, allowing the Sage to escape from the Abyss Demon Region.
"So what if we are?" Luo Zheng smiled coldly.
Chief Qianlong sized up the huge birds above. There were also tall figures standing behind these huge birds. It was obvious that some demons were riding these huge birds.
"My name is Black Fire, and I'm the commander of the sixth floor." The demon introduced himself. "We demons are not as cruel as you think we are. If you are willing to follow me obediently, I can spare your lives. We demons are not as cruel as you think we are."
Although Luo Zheng was a Perfected True God and Patriarch Qian Long was a Quasi-Sage, Black Fire obviously did not take them seriously.
The demon army had already gathered on the sixth level to attack the Saints.
Black Fire had received the news from the ranch guards at the last minute, so he led his troops here. In Black Fire's eyes, he could take care of the few people in front of him by himself, not to mention that he had a strong team behind him.
When the three upper true gods behind Luo Zheng saw such a scene, they were so scared that their faces turned pale.
Even though Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong were present, they were still at a loss. If they could really avoid death, they would be willing to surrender.
"I believe it's easy for you to make a choice." Black Fire stared at Luo Zheng and smiled. There was a trace of sincerity in his ferocious face. As long as a human was willing to serve the Demon Clan, they would welcome him.
Luo Zheng looked up at the mountain-like demon and smiled faintly: "You also have two choices."
"What?" Black Fire was puzzled.
"Go away, or die," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"You're courting death!"
Black Fire's face was filled with ferocious anger. He pulled out a bone whip that was five hundred feet long and ruthlessly whipped it toward Luo Zheng.
This bone whip was like a huge dragon, covering the entire path along the mountain path.
"Ah!"
The strange fish screamed and waved its long thin legs to dodge to the side.
However, when the bone whip hit the ground, the resulting shockwave still sent it flying, crashing into the mountainside.
When the strange fish turned its head to look, Luo Zheng was already under the huge bone whip. It couldn't help but sigh: "That's it? Sigh … "
Black Fire's eyes were full of pride as he smashed his whip down. The power of his whip was so great that a mere Great Perfection stage human would probably be smashed to pieces.
However, before it could laugh out loud, it saw the end of the bone whip bulge a little.
"Not dead? You still want to get up? "Black Fire's eyes were filled with surprise, and he was about to raise his bone whip again.
However, just as he raised his arm, he felt a huge force coming from the bone whip!
"Swoosh!"
He couldn't hold on for a moment, and the bone whip actually slipped out of his hand!
Luo Zheng grabbed the end of the bone whip with both hands and actually snatched the 300-foot-long bone whip from Black Fire's hands.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his hand and roared at the same time, "Patriarch Qianlong, get out of the way!"
The moment Black Fire attacked, Patriarch Qianlong had already reacted.
The skin all over his body turned into a colorful color. He rushed into the air and began to kill those giant birds and the demons on them.
These giant birds and demons were similar in strength to ordinary Great Perfection stage humans, but there were so many of them that it was extremely difficult for Patriarch Qianlong to deal with them.
Hearing Luo Zheng's shout, Patriarch Qianlong's body suddenly flipped and rapidly fell down.
And that huge bone whip lashed out in the air at an incredible speed!
"Whoosh —"
Under the high-speed swing of the bone whip, accompanied by a sharp whistling sound, it instantly smashed into several giant birds.
"Smack smack smack …"
The high-speed collision gave off a series of crisp sounds. Those giant birds and the demons on their backs were also whipped until their bones shattered. Pieces of bird feathers slowly fell like snowflakes.
Black Fire's expression was extremely ugly.
All of his attention was actually placed on that Second Sage. Therefore, when he attacked, he finished off this Great Perfection stage human first before dealing with that Second Sage. As for those few upper True Gods, he did not take them seriously at all.
He did not expect that this Great Perfection stage True God's power was actually so astonishing! The threat was far greater than that Second Sage's!
Given a few more breaths of time, the troops he brought would probably all perish.
Strands of faint red light flickered on that rough skin on the surface of Black Fire's body.
"Dong dong dong …"
Such a huge body actually rushed over at an extremely fast speed.
Logically speaking, it should be Patriarch Qianlong taking action now to stop Black Fire. However, Black Fire erupted with a powerful aura. Coupled with that mountain-like body, Patriarch Qianlong actually hesitated and only spoke a reminder, "Luo Zheng, be careful!"
"I'll crush you!"
In the blink of an eye, Black Fire had already rushed to the front of Luo Zheng. Tens of thousands of kilograms of force gathered on his feet and stomped down on Luo Zheng's head.
The demons in the Abyss Demon Region were adept at using brute force to settle things together. As greater teleportation was not allowed here, the demons' huge bodies had an innate advantage.
Seeing that huge foot stomping down on his head, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a trace of a sneer. "Crush me? With just you? "
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng spat out a word.
Before Black Fire's foot could stomp down, Luo Zheng's body had already become four thousand feet tall.

Chapter 2338
Facing Luo Zheng, who was even taller than him, how could Black Fire stomp on him?
He revealed an expression of disbelief as he looked up at Luo Zheng, whose figure was constantly expanding …
Huge size had always been the demon's advantage!
Now, for the first time, Black Fire felt how small he was …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had turned into a giant fifty thousand feet tall.
His huge figure dragged a huge shadow on the ground. Those mountains were like small mounds in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
"What is this …"
Patriarch Qian Long stared at the huge Luo Zheng.
Compared to Luo Zheng, he was as small as an ant. Just the visual difference gave him a huge shock.
The three upper True Gods huddled in the corner were also dumbfounded. They had no idea what was going on!
"Who is going to crush who?" Luo Zheng sneered.
He lifted his foot and stomped down!
Black Fire took a deep breath, suddenly turned around, and frantically retreated.
"Boom!"
With this stomp, the ground cracked. This crack extended for hundreds of feet, and lava was about to burst out.
After avoiding Luo Zheng's stomp, Black Fire secretly felt lucky.
However, deep in his heart, he wanted to cry but had no tears …
This time, the demon clan attached great importance to those invaders. It could be said that there were many experts on the sixth floor.
As the commander of the sixth floor, Black Fire could only be considered a small leader. Thus, he took the initiative to solve this small problem.
He didn't expect to encounter such a monster!
Was this guy still human? How could he become so huge?
He barely avoided Luo Zheng's first stomp, but he couldn't avoid the second one.
"Boom!"
When this stomp came down, Black Fire felt his vision go black and heard a huge explosion.
He was stunned for a moment before realizing that it was the sound of his own bones breaking. Then, he fell into darkness …
After Luo Zheng crushed Black Fire, he stretched out his hands and continuously slapped around him!
His hands were like two huge doors, and the huge birds from before were as small as flies in front of Luo Zheng.
As long as it hit, the giant birds and the demons on their backs would be smashed into pieces.
It didn't take long for Luo Zheng to finish off these ferocious beasts. The only two remaining giant birds let out a sharp cry and immediately flapped their wings to escape.
Luo Zheng gazed into the distance before dispersing the power of the Rage God.
"Hua!"
His body continued to shrink until he was the size of a normal person.
Patriarch Qianlong looked at Luo Zheng in a completely different way.
Could it make one's body grow to several thousand feet in size in an instant?
Even as a quasi-sage, he had never heard of such a remarkable ability …
Black Fire's strength was also unusual. Even Patriarch Qian Long would find it difficult to deal with him.
However, he was trampled to death by Luo Zheng. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Patriarch Qianlong would have found it hard to believe.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. Instead, he asked the strange fish, "How much further?"
The strange fish looked at Luo Zheng with a little more fear in its eyes.
Although it didn't care about its own life and death, any living creature would always have a natural reverence for powerful living creatures.
"The Plains of Despair should be in front. Through the Plains of Despair is the exit to the fifth level. As long as we charge out, we can escape!"
The reverence for Luo Zheng only lasted for a moment before the strange fish became excited again.
…
On the Plains of Despair …
Waves of black death aura curled up. This death aura could devour all life.
If a living God was on the Plains of Despair, the life force in his body would be exhausted in less than two days, and he would turn into a dried corpse and sleep here forever.
In fact, even the Demon Race didn't like the Plains of Despair, although the death aura was no threat to them.
But this time, there were nearly four hundred Demons stationed here, ready to fight.
In addition to these Demons, there were also thousands of Abyss Devil Envoys …
The Plains of Despair was the only way from the fifth level to the sixth level of the Abyss Devil Domain. This time, when the Saints invaded, the Demon Race didn't put up any large-scale resistance other than sending some small Demons to test the waters.
But now, the Demon Race didn't seem to have any intention of backing down. They chose to stop the Saints on the Plains of Despair.
"Screech —"
This was accompanied by two loud chirps.
Two giant birds flew over from another direction and landed on the Plains of Despair.
A Demon walked in front of these two giant birds and communicated with them in a strange language for a while. His expression changed slightly.
Then, this Demon reported to a Demon Commander, "There's an accident over at Black Fire's side."
"An accident? Over at the Ranch? "the Demon Commander asked.
"Black Fire was killed. The humans that appeared at the Ranch are very strong," the Demon said.
The Demon Commander frowned slightly.
He originally thought that there were only a few rats causing trouble at the Ranch, so he sent Black Fire to deal with them.
It seemed that the strength of those rats was beyond his expectations …
"Black Fire is too useless. Why don't I go over?" another Demon said lightly.
The Demon Commander shook his head. "No need. If we want to leave this place, we can only go through the Plains of Despair. If we guard here, no one will be able to pass. Lord Jia Lu will be here soon. We can just wait here."
At this critical moment, they didn't have the energy to care about these little rats.
Just as the Demon Commander finished speaking, billowing black smoke rushed over from behind the Plains of Despair.
Hearing the commotion behind them, all the Demons turned their heads to look.
When the black smoke circled in front of the Demons, it suddenly dissipated, revealing Jia Lu's huge figure.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
All the Demons prostrated on the ground.
Jia Lu, Tut, and the other three Great Demons had a transcendent status in the Demon Race.
This status didn't rely on their own strength. Because in the legends about Demons, these four Great Demons were already famous. Therefore, these four Great Demons could naturally obtain more power of faith and become the kings of the Demon Race.
After Jia Lu's huge figure stood still, he looked into the distance. There was a huge space door there.
"Soldiers of my race, the enemies you will face today are the Saints of the Divine Realm," Jia Lu said in a calm voice. "You are all eternal and indestructible existences. Today's fall will make you even stronger tomorrow! Those seemingly powerful humans are just stepping stones for us to step into the Divine Realm! "
The Demon Race wasn't afraid of death because in their concept, life and death didn't exist. To them, falling was just a loss of cultivation.
What really excited them was stepping into the Divine Realm!
"Huhuhu!"

Chapter 2339
Standing on the stone arch bridge, the three upper True Gods showed a hint of hesitation on their faces.
Stepping into such a dangerous place would only bode ill for him.
"It's not too late to turn back now," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
He did not force these people to follow him into the Abyss Demon Area.
Except for Clan Leader Qianlong, the other upper True Gods could only be burdens most of the time.
"Since we've already made our choice, there's no need to regret it," an upper True God said with a determined face.
Since they did not want to stay here, they all had their own reasons.
"Then let's go," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
The six people flew along the stone arch bridge …
The moment they crossed the stone arch bridge, Clan Leader Qianlong's soul suddenly emitted a wave of fluctuation.
An extremely powerful divine sense immediately spread out.
The divine sense of a quasi-sage covered a large area. If there was any danger, it could be detected immediately.
Luo Zheng and the others felt Clan Leader Qianlong's divine sense and naturally understood his actions. They all looked at him.
"This area is very spacious. Everyone restrain your aura and move forward carefully," Clan Leader Qianlong said.
Luo Zheng and the others nodded and retracted their aura to the extreme. They glided silently along the ground. This area was filled with lava rivers, and the dark-red lava reflected on their faces, making them look bright red.
Just as Clan Leader Qianlong said, there was nothing abnormal in this area, and there were no ferocious creatures.
Luo Zheng used the reincarnation soul tool to connect to the place of reincarnation. He wanted to observe the movements of Hua Tianming and the others.
The stone mouse said that Yue Yinliu would definitely return to the place of reincarnation. According to this, Emperor Hanqing was very likely to use this opportunity to return.
If Emperor Hanqing led Dongfang Chunjun here, Luo Zheng was afraid that he would really be in trouble.
He had absolutely no chance of winning against a large group of Sages alone. This was also one of the reasons Luo Zheng left.
Otherwise, he would have taken more time and patience to read the flame of memory.
After all, Luo Zheng still had many mysteries in his heart that had not been solved.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng now had the reincarnation soul tool. Under the situation of controlling the place of reincarnation, even if he left here, he could still read the flame of memory.
"Hu hu hu hu hu hu …"
In an hour, the six of them had already traveled several hundred kilometers without making a sound.
Along the way, there were more and more lava rivers below. When these lava rivers converged, they formed an even wider sea of lava!
At the edge of the lava sea was a pale green beach. The beach was covered with a kind of green and lustrous sand.
Everyone rested on the beach and discussed for a while. In the end, they decided to cross the magma sea directly.
However, just as they made their decision, tribe leader Qian Long's expression changed slightly. He turned his head and looked over.
When Luo Zheng saw Patriarch Qianlong's expression, he revealed a trace of confusion. He released his Divine Sense and swept along the edge of the magma sea.
On this infinitely long coastline, Luo Zheng didn't notice any other living creatures.
Ever since they walked out of the Land of Reincarnation, they realized that the Abyss Demon Realm did not live up to its name.
He originally thought that the Abyss Demon Domain should be filled with all kinds of cruel and fierce monsters, but it was empty everywhere …
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
Patriarch Qianlong also revealed a trace of confusion. "Something on the beach is spying on us!"
"What is it!"
"Where is it?"
The faces of the three upper true gods immediately revealed nervous expressions.
"I didn't find anything unusual." Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"That feeling was just a flash." Patriarch Qianlong thought for a moment and then said, "Forget it, we'd better hurry."
In Patriarch Qianlong's eyes, the most important thing now was to determine their position. After confirming their position, they would leave layer by layer.
However, the Abyss Demon Realm spanned across several large regions. It was really too huge …
Just as they were about to set off again, the sand under one of the upper True Gods' feet began to squirm.
The sand spiraled and crazily spun, forming a powerful suction force that sucked the Upper True God down!
Luo Zheng's reaction speed was extremely fast. He reached out and grabbed the upper True God's shoulder.
"Kacha!"
The suction force was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Luo Zheng only tore a piece of cloth from the upper True God's shoulder, and then the upper True God was pulled down into the ground.
"Below!"
"Leave quickly!"
When the other two upper True Gods saw this, they were alarmed and flew up into the air one after another.
However, Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong still maintained their calm.
With their strength, as long as they did not encounter those Abyss Demons, they would not be in any particular danger.
Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong looked at each other, and Patriarch Qianlong took the lead.
With a wave of his hands, he abruptly lifted them downward!
"Whoosh!"
The green sand rolled to the sides after being affected by an invisible force.
A thousand-foot-deep gully suddenly appeared on the beach!
On both sides of the gully, green tentacles were constantly squirming, and the upper True God was wrapped in one of the tentacles.
From the looks of it, there seemed to be a huge octopus hiding under the beach.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest, already flying towards that upper true god.
On both sides of the gully, the thick tentacles swept toward Luo Zheng! ·
"Break for me!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to act, Patriarch Qianlong above took out a reddish-gold whip.
He suddenly brandished the long whip, and from the end of the long whip, a series of five-colored whip shadows extended!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Patriarch Qianlong had immersed himself in the Five Elements Divine Dao for many years and had long since reached the acme of perfection in this Dao. He had even comprehended three types of Outer Dao Divine Abilities.
When he attacked like this, the power was naturally not to be underestimated.
The chaotic whip shadows almost enveloped Luo Zheng. Before the tentacles could touch Luo Zheng, they were cut off by the whip shadows!
However, the tentacles wrapped around the upper True God were rapidly shrinking.
Before Luo Zheng could arrive, the upper True God was pulled deeper into the sand …
Luo Zheng frowned and punched the sand on one side of the gully!
"Whoosh!"
Under the surge of a huge amount of power, a huge amount of sand was lifted, and the entire beach rolled in waves. The surface of the beach was completely removed by Luo Zheng.
The vicious creature hidden on the beach finally revealed its true appearance!
The entire beach was covered with thousands of green tentacles, and the source of these tentacles was connected to a huge head.
This head was triangular in shape and had a human face. It looked repulsive.
At this moment, it was using one of its tentacles to wrap around the upper True God and stuffed him into its bloody mouth.
When the upper True God smelled the fishy smell, despair filled his face.
At this moment, a sword light suddenly flashed …
"Crack!"
The thousands of tentacles connected to the head were broken.

Chapter 2400
Jia Lu didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng's actions. Instead, he focused all of his attention on the teleportation gate.
The moment Dongfang Chunjun led the Sages through the teleportation gate, Jia Lu's deep voice rang out. "Soldiers! It's time! "
Thousands of abyss devil envoys suddenly emitted dazzling golden light as they swarmed forward!
This golden light could prevent them from being hit by Dao Accumulations!
Although abyss devil envoys weren't strong enough to fight against Sages and were even weaker than Perfected True Gods, their unique talents made them extremely difficult to deal with.
Dongfang Chunjun had just stepped out of the teleportation gate when he saw this scene. His expression turned cold as he looked into the distance and saw Jia Lu.
"Perfected True Gods, I'll leave these abyss devil envoys to you!
"The rest of you, go kill the demons!
"Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, Tang Lun, follow me!"
The Grand Family Alliance was also divided into close and distant members. Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, and Tang Lun were the three people Dongfang Chunjun trusted the most!
After giving the order, the three Sages leaped up and transformed into three streaks of light as they flew toward Jia Lu.
As they flew across the Plains of Despair, dozens of giant birds gathered in the sky, trying to stop them. However, before these giant birds could even get close, they had already turned into balls of flames and fell from the sky, accompanied by shrill cries.
Tang Lun only glanced at them indifferently. These giant birds weren't qualified to stop them at all.
Jia Lu stood in place and didn't move. He only watched coldly as the three Sages rushed toward him!
At this moment, Mu Xuerong and the others had already transformed into streaks of bloody light and rushed toward the Plains of Despair.
The moment she stepped into the Plains of Despair, she felt the vitality in her body rapidly flowing away.
However, at her cultivation level, the vitality in her body was extremely abundant. This speed of loss was nothing …
Whoosh!
With a crisp sound, an abyss devil envoy's body was sliced in half.
These abyss devil envoys couldn't fight against Perfected True Gods, but they weren't afraid of Divine Abilities and could only kill them one by one.
Dongfang Taiqing strode forward. With a casual squeeze of his iron hand, an abyss devil envoy's head instantly exploded.
The other Perfected True Gods also attacked!
As for the Sages and other Sages, they directly bypassed these abyss devil envoys. Their targets were the demons.
Dongfang Chunjun stood in front of Jia Lu.
The difference in size between the two was like the difference between an elephant and a mosquito.
However, one side was the most powerful existence among humans, while the other side was the most powerful existence among demons.
However, Dongfang Chunjun's expression remained calm. "Let me take control of the Abyss Demonic Region. Your Demon Clan will still be the overlord of this place."
Jia Lu stared at the three Saints in front of him as if he was looking at three little bugs.
Jia Lu chuckled when he heard Dongfang Chunjun's words. "The Abyss Devil Realm originally belonged to my Abyss Devil Race. Do you think I will allow you to control this place?"
"I only want to borrow the power of the Abyssal Demonic Domain. I will not interfere with anything else," Dongfang Chunjun continued.
Jia Lu seemed to have heard an extremely ridiculous joke. "The power here will forever belong to the Evil Demon Clan. You humans … are nothing more than ants!"
Dongfang Chunjun looked at the Great Demon with a cold smile. "Then you can experience the power of an ant."
As soon as he said that, Dongfang Chunjun attacked!
"Buzz!"
A unique Taoist Connotation spread out from Dongfang Chunjun's hand. This Taoist Connotation formed many talismans. The talismans gathered together and quickly turned into a golden sword.
"This sword!"
Tang Lun and Mu Haiji's eyes narrowed.
Dongfang Chunjun rarely used weapons. The power contained in this sword was extremely terrifying. The Taoist Connotation used to communicate with this sword was so complicated that even the two Saints could not see through it.
"I have no interest in witnessing the power of an ant! Die! "
Jia Lu flipped his hand and a huge black ball appeared in his hand. He slammed it toward the three Saints.
"Hmph!"
Tang Lun snorted coldly. Raging flames surged up from his feet. His entire body had disappeared, and he had turned into a man of pure fire.
"Indestructible Flame Body!"
After turning into an Indestructible Flame Body, Tang Lun waved his hands. A wildly spinning ball of explosive flames shot out.
Mu Haiji also shook out a pure black longsword. An extremely powerful Taoist Connotation spread out in all directions. Then, it slashed fiercely toward Jia Lu.
A Saint's attack had the power to destroy the heavens and earth.
Moreover, these three Saints were the strongest in the Realm of the Gods …
"Boom!"
When Tang Lun and Mu Haiji's attacks collided with Jia Lu, the energy was highly condensed.
Even though the spatial laws in the Abyss Demonic Realm were completely ineffective, the surrounding space still began to collapse crazily.
…
…
On the Plains of Despair, the Aristocratic Alliance and the demons were locked in a fierce battle.
The demon commander facing Luo Zheng had already been beheaded.
Patriarch Qianlong looked at Luo Zheng in shock. He could not believe what he was seeing.
Powerful Taoist Connotation and power spread over from afar, but it did not affect Patriarch Qianlong at all.
Previously, Luo Zheng had crushed the black flames with one foot. The strength he displayed was extremely strong.
Even Patriarch Qianlong could not defeat this demon commander. Its strength was probably comparable to those peak quasi-sages. Yet, it was killed by Luo Zheng with one sword strike?
The Taoist Connotation in Luo Zheng's sword strike was extremely complex. It seemed to contain hundreds of Divine Daos. Patriarch Qianlong thought that his eyes were playing tricks on him.
"Let's go." Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the Plains of Despair.
"Whoosh!"
Taking advantage of this chaos, he even noticed Hua Tianming, who was fighting fiercely with the Abyss Demon Envoy.
"Forgive me for not being able to accompany you in the Abyss Demonic Realm," Luo Zheng said inwardly.
After he released the strange fish, the few of them circled around the Plains of Despair and flew towards the huge Spatial Gate.
Looking at the Aristocratic Alliance's stance, it was difficult for them to take care of Luo Zheng's group.
Soon, they landed in front of the spatial door.
At this moment, Mu Xuerong, who had just killed several Abyss Demon Envoys, happened to look at Luo Zheng. Her beautiful eyes flickered with disbelief.
"Luo Zheng? Why is he here? "
Probably noticing Mu Xuerong's gaze, Luo Zheng turned around and smiled at Mu Xuerong when he stepped into the spatial door.
Mu Xuerong's heart turned cold. She wanted to keep Luo Zheng here, but on second thought, her current strength was far from being Luo Zheng's match. Moreover, the elders of her clan were fighting fiercely with the demons in the Plains of Despair …
This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. How could she let him escape just like that?

Chapter 2401
There wasn't the slightest bit of spatial fluctuation in the large space door.
"How could this be …" Patriarch Qian Long said with a gloomy expression.
"Da da da da da …"
The strange fish shuttled back and forth in the space door. But without the support of the Laws, this space door was nothing more than a door frame. How could it shuttling back and forth like this have any effect?
"The Evil Demon Clan should have sealed the space door," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
This time, the Evil Demon Clan must have prepared for a long time for the invasion of the powerful alliance. Once the Saints entered the sixth floor, they cut off their escape route.
At the same time, they also cut off Luo Zheng's escape route.
"What should we do? Can we restore the space door? "Patriarch Qian Long asked.
Luo Zheng looked up at the space door. There were countless complex runes gathered around the door frame.
The Abyss Demon Domain forbade the Laws of Space. The Evil Demon Clan must have spent a lot of effort to build a space passage here. After they cut it off, it would be impossible to restore it in a short time!
"I'm afraid it's not possible," Luo Zheng said softly.
Patriarch Qian Long and the other True Gods didn't mind. As long as the powerful alliance defeated the Evil Demon Clan, they shouldn't make things difficult for them.
But Luo Zheng was different!
No matter which side won, he wouldn't have a good end.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, Mu Xuerong's crisp voice suddenly spread out.
"Luo Zheng wants to escape through the Abyss Demon Domain!"
Although the battle between the Saint and the Evil Demon was deafening, and there was chaos everywhere.
But Mu Xuerong's voice, which was infused with true essence, was clearly transmitted to the ears of everyone on the Plains of Despair!
In Mu Xuerong's opinion, this battle wasn't difficult. As long as a Saint or a Quasi-Saint came out to stop Luo Zheng, it would be enough. This guy was too important. To some extent, he was even more important than the Abyss Demon Domain. So at this critical moment, she didn't care about anything else and spread the news.
"Luo Zheng? How could he be here? "Hua Tianming was stunned.
Even the powerful alliance had paid a great price to enter the Abyss Demon Domain. Several Quasi-Saints and Perfect True Gods had fallen.
How could Luo Zheng enter this forbidden area by himself?
Could it be that Luo Zheng had been following behind the Sages? This was even more impossible. How powerful was a Saint's divine sense? It was impossible for them to follow him for so long without noticing.
However, when Hua Tianming turned his head to look, his pupils suddenly shrank. He really saw Luo Zheng standing under the spatial door.
Emperor Hanqing turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng. His eyes were filled with doubt.
Just like Hua Tianming, he couldn't figure it out either …
However, this doubt only lasted for a moment before his eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light.
Among all the Saints present, he was the only one who knew the secret of the place of reincarnation.
Luo Zheng did not enter the Abyss Demon Domain with them, so he could only enter from another entrance, and that was the place of reincarnation!
After all, Emperor Hanqing had also left the place of reincarnation!
"I have arranged everything in the place of reincarnation. Even if I find the Stone Forest Rat, he will die without a doubt. How did Luo Zheng leave?" Emperor Hanqing's heart was filled with fear. "This kid … cannot be left alive!"
"Go to hell!"
A huge fiend commander swung a giant axe at Emperor Hanqing's head.
At this moment, the fiend commander's body was glowing with a violent red light.
This fiend commander's strength was close to that of a peak quasi-saint, but under the influence of the red light, he had the strength to fight a Saint.
Emperor Hanqing and the fiend commander had fought for dozens of rounds, and it was hard to tell who was the winner.
When the fiend commander saw that Emperor Hanqing was distracted, he exploded with all his strength, intending to take Emperor Hanqing's life!
"Hmph!"
Emperor Hanqing snorted and raised his hand.
"Ka!"
The two-hundred-meter-wide axe was blocked by Emperor Hanqing's hand!
The Fiend Commander was dumbfounded, its huge eyes filled with disbelief.
"Ka ka ka …"
A small crack appeared on the blade of the axe, and it quickly spread across the entire surface of the axe.
The axe was completely shattered, and Emperor Hanqing had only managed to block it slightly.
"Weng!"
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed, and he charged at the fiend commander with his sword in hand.
The fiend commander's mind spun quickly. He knew that the Saint in front of him was far stronger than he'd imagined. It turned out that his opponent hadn't been serious at all.
"Whoosh …"
That huge body also leaped up, wanting to escape.
But how could it be faster than Emperor Hanqing? Just as it was two steps away, it felt a chill on its stomach.
At the same time, a calm voice transmitted over.
"One Sword … Severing Heaven and Earth!"
This sword strike actually faintly contained the True Meaning of the Dao.
Just like that, the three to four-hundred-meter-tall body was cleanly sliced in half. It couldn't fight back at all!
Emperor Hanqing didn't spend so much effort to join the Wealthy Alliance to help Dongfang Chunjun control the Abyss Devil Region. Besides, if he showed off too much strength, Dongfang Chunjun would definitely be wary of him.
When he fought the fiend commander, he didn't put in any effort.
But now, things were different. He had to capture Luo Zheng first!
Just as Emperor Hanqing was about to head straight for Luo Zheng, a huge explosion sounded out from behind him.
"Bang!"
Following a flash of light, a figure shot out, smashing a huge crater in the ground in front of Emperor Hanqing.
Dongfang Chunjun stood in the crater. He'd taken Jia Lu's attack head-on. His clothes were slightly tattered, but his eyes were filled with battle intent.
He glanced at Emperor Hanqing, then said, "Brother Hanqing, you're very powerful. These fiend commanders aren't easy to deal with. I'll have to ask you to take care of them!"
Then, Dongfang Chunjun transformed into a gust of wind, charging toward Jia Lu at the end of the Plains of Despair.
"That old fox!" Emperor Hanqing was furious.
He knew that Dongfang Chunjun was wary of him, but right now, Dongfang Chunjun, Tang Lun, and Mu Haiji were busy dealing with Jia Lu. This was his best chance!
But Dongfang Chunjun was clearly trying to keep him on the battlefield.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had already fled to the left of the Plains of Despair, he had an idea.
"Catch him …"
Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and Han Cangyan were also fighting against the Abyss Devil Envoys. The three of them worked together as if they were one person.
Even though the three of them had just entered the Complete True God Realm, when they worked together, they were much stronger than ordinary Complete True Gods!

Chapter 2402
The Plains of Despair was very chaotic.
Although the Sages were caught in a fierce battle, they had a considerable advantage in the overall situation.
However, the Sages also knew that the Abyss Demon Area was not so easy to take down.
Since the Evil Demons were willing to fight here, they must have some tricks up their sleeves.
Dongfang Chunjun was involved with Jia Lu, but he was also quietly observing the situation.
After Mu Xuerong's reminder, he naturally noticed Luo Zheng as well!
After Dongfang Chunjun noticed Luo Zheng, he was also confused. Wasn't this kid too amazing? How could he come to such a damned place?
He had led the Sages all the way to the sixth level and had also experienced a lot of trouble.
This Luo Zheng was merely at the Perfection Stage. What right did he have to appear here?
But it was also good …
One of the main reasons he was anxious to take control of the Abyss Demon Area was to fight against those Nirvana Realm experts from outside the area!
If he could capture Luo Zheng, it would be a heavy bargaining chip. At the very least, he could understand those Nirvana Realm experts through Luo Zheng.
In the blink of an eye, these messy thoughts flashed through his mind.
Then his lips moved slightly, and he had already sent out a True Yuan transmission …
A Secondary Sage from the Dongfang Family, the Tang Family, and the Mu Family each received Dongfang Chunjun's transmission.
They all looked toward the northern side of the Plains of Despair, then jumped out of the battle and flew in that direction.
"These guys are so powerful. Even the Evil Demons are no match for them!"
"It would be great if they could kill the Evil Demons!"
"It's so painful. Even Lord Jia Lu is being suppressed by them. Haha!"
The strange fish leaned on the side of the spatial door, watching this chaotic battle with great interest.
Clan Leader Qianlong did not say a word, his expression calm.
Clan Leader Qianlong knew some of the Secondary Sages on the Plains of Despair.
As long as the Wealthy Alliance won, he would be considered to have survived this disaster.
However, Luo Zheng, he was afraid …
Clan Leader Qianlong looked in the direction Luo Zheng had fled. There were already seven or eight Perfection Stage experts chasing after him.
It looked like what Luo Zheng had said was true. He did indeed have a connection with the Wealthy Alliance, and it was not a small one. Otherwise, the Wealthy Alliance would not have sent people to chase after him at such a crucial time.
It was just that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded that of an ordinary Perfect True God.
Even though Patriarch Qianlong was a quasi-sage, he still felt a lot of pressure when facing Luo Zheng.
Especially when Luo Zheng killed the Fiend Commander with his sword. That sword gave Patriarch Qian Long a huge pressure. He was far from being able to withstand it.
Even if these Paragons came from wealthy and powerful families, they would not be Luo Zheng's match.
"I hope Brother Luo Zheng can escape …"
After all, he was indebted to Luo Zheng. If it weren't for him, Patriarch Qianlong would have fallen in the place of reincarnation.
Just as Patriarch Qian Long was pondering, three more figures emerged from the Plains of Despair.
"Three quasi-saints …"
Patriarch Qianlong's eyes narrowed slightly.
"Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, Tang Chou!"
Just like Great Perfection Sovereigns, there were also differences in strength among Secondary Saints.
A pinnacle Perfected True God, such as Dongfang Taiqing, would not be outdone by an ordinary Second Sage.
It was impossible for a non-wealthy Second Sage like Patriarch Qianlong to defeat Dongfang Taiqing.
Meanwhile, Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, and Tang Chou, these three quasi-Sages, were top-notch existences even among the many Secondary Sages in wealthy families!
They were also quasi-Sages like Patriarch Qianlong, but their strength was far superior!
"These three people have actually come out. Brother Luo Zheng … I'm afraid it's not good for him!"
Patriarch Qianlong could not help but sigh at this thought.
Even if he wanted to, he was powerless now. He could only silently hope that Luo Zheng could escape safely!
...
...
While Mu Xuerong was reminding the other Sages, Luo Zheng had decisively chosen to escape.
There was one thing he was very sure of. Even if he fell into the hands of the Fiend Devils, it would be better than falling into Dongfang Chunjun's hands!
After crossing the mountain range on the left side of the Plains of Despair, there was a huge sea of lava in front of him.
Without any other choice, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He flew on the surface of the sea of lava and spread out his divine sense at the same time.
"Someone is chasing after me!"
The moment Luo Zheng spread out his divine sense, he had already sensed three auras behind him.
Those were the auras of Perfected True Gods!
"Only three Perfected True Gods?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
When he had just returned to the Divine Territory, Luo Zheng had already displayed his strength.
Dongfang Chunjun should know that Perfected True Gods were not qualified to keep him here. Not to mention three people, even 30 people might not have the ability to do so.
Luo Zheng could not be bothered with them. He just flew on this vast sea of lava...
But what Luo Zheng did not know was that on the right side of the Plains of Despair was the Fiend Race's ranch. The ferocious creatures there were basically their food.
And on the left side was the famous Sea of Despair.
Even the Fiends were not willing to set foot in this damned place!
"Gudong, gudong, gudong …"
Just as Luo Zheng was flying at high speed, layers of ripples suddenly appeared in the sea of lava below him.
Seeing the movement inside the sea of lava, Luo Zheng frowned. He felt eight or nine powerful auras coming from below the sea of lava!
"Thunder Form Manifestation!"
"Pitter-patter …"
A pair of huge lightning wings sprouted from Luo Zheng's back, increasing his speed by a few notches.
But just as Luo Zheng was flying, a few huge creatures suddenly popped out from the sea of lava and blocked Luo Zheng's way!
"Hualala …"
Rolling lava splashed everywhere.
They were slender and huge snake heads. The surface of each snake head had a metallic luster. They faced Luo Zheng and exuded a ferocious aura.
"Nine-headed Snake that lives in the sea of lava?"
Luo Zheng was not interested in deducing which legend the Nine-headed Snake came from.
Before the snake heads could bite him, Luo Zheng had already swung his sword a few times.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
While the sword lights were flying in the air, Luo Zheng had already spread his thunder wings. He quickly increased his altitude and continued to fly forward.
He did not have time to play with these ferocious creatures.
"Roar! Roar … "
Who would have thought that after the Nine-headed Snake in the sea of lava raised its head to the sky and howled, its nine huge heads suddenly began to extend infinitely and went straight for Luo Zheng.
Their speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's. Three of the heads even circled in front of Luo Zheng to block Luo Zheng's way!
"Troublesome!"
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
"True Meaning of Dao Technique!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body became extremely agile. He turned a strange path in the air and swept past the snake heads.
The nine snake heads opened their bloody mouths and bit repeatedly, but they could only bite the afterimage behind Luo Zheng.
But when the Nine-headed Snake blocked him …
The pursuers behind him were getting closer to Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2403
Han Jia's trio formed a special formation. Han Liusu was the leader, while Han Cangyan and Han Chuyue were flanking her.
The three of them came at an incredible speed. Luo Zheng paused for a moment under the Hydra's obstruction, but the three of them had already caught up to him!
In the land of reincarnation, Luo Zheng already knew the secret of Emperor Han Qing. He also knew that the memories of the three of them had been erased. The three of them were not the three he knew back then.
Luo Zheng sized up the three of them, but he didn't stop.
Now, only the three from Han Jia had followed him. If he waited any longer, they wouldn't be Perfect True Gods, but quasi-sages, or Sages.
He wanted to help Han Liusu and the others recover their memories, but now wasn't the time.
Luo Zheng passed through the nine heads like a cloud, then fled. This action seemed to have angered the nine-headed snake.
Since they couldn't catch up to Luo Zheng, they vented their anger on Han Jia's trio.
"Awoo! Awoo … "
All the snake heads opened at the same time, spitting out balls of blood at Han Liusu and the others!
The eyes of the leader, Han Liusu, flashed with purple light. The formation the three had set up suddenly flashed with a faint purple light.
Han Chuyue and Han Cangyan's Dao was transmitted to Han Liusu through the formation!
"Violet Flame Sword!"
This formation was actually a joint attack formation, which was personally set up by Emperor Han Qing.
Han Jia's three sons were of one mind. Together with this formation, their strength increased by several times!
Seeing the nine-headed snake spit out balls of blood, Han Liusu waved the violet flame sword in her hand.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The violet flame sword instantly split into dozens of smaller swords.
These small swords shot out in all directions. Some of the small swords pierced through the blood-colored ball of light and burned it clean, while even more of the small swords shot towards the nine-headed snake.
The nine-headed snake was huge, but its speed was extremely slow.
In the blink of an eye, the swords pierced into the snake's body.
These swords were only the size of a palm, while each of the nine-headed snake's heads was hundreds of meters long and dozens of meters wide. Thus, they didn't seem to be injured at all.
The purple light in Han Liusu's eyes flashed once more. She softly spat out a word, "Explode!"
"Hua!"
Blazing purple flames instantly spread out from the necks of the nine heads.
The huge Hydra howled as it fell into the sea of lava.
The purple flames were also incomparably ferocious. Even after mixing into the magma, they continued to burn fiercely.
In the blink of an eye, the nine-headed snake was burned to a crisp. Even the surface of the magma sea formed a purple flame that soared into the sky.
"After Liusu stepped into the Great Perfection stage, the purple Heavenly Fire became even more powerful!"
As Luo Zheng fled forward, he also looked back at the situation behind him.
Although the nine-headed snake was not a particularly powerful creature, and Luo Zheng could easily defeat it, in order to escape, he would not kill it. Leaving it behind would be a good way to stop Han Jia and the others.
Who would have thought that Han Liusu would be able to burn the Hydra to the ground the moment she made a move.
"Chase!"
Han Liusu said indifferently. The array in the center of the three flashed, and they quickly increased their speed to the maximum as they chased after Luo Zheng.
Just as the three of them left …
Mu Xuerong, Dongfang Taiqing, Fang Henshao, and the others also followed.
After the crushing defeat last time, they knew that they were no match for Luo Zheng.
However, they were unwilling to let Luo Zheng escape in front of their eyes. Moreover, there were still the Quasi-Sages of their clan behind them!
"That little girl Han Liusu has just stepped into the Great Perfection stage, but she actually has such ability?" When Mu Xuerong passed by the place where the nine-headed snake was burned, her eyes flickered as she looked at the purple flames on the magma sea.
"The three of them are very strange. Whether it is their temperament or their strength, they have all become very strange," Dongfang Taiqing said with a serious expression.
At this moment, another three figures flew over from behind them. They were Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, and Tang Chou, the three Quasi-Sages.
These three Quasi-Sages had only moved out after receiving Dongfang Chunjun's instructions. Naturally, they were a little late, but they had already caught up!
Several waves of people continued to fly across the sea of magma …
Scorching hot air rose from the magma sea and shone on Luo Zheng's face.
Although he maintained a calm expression, there was also a trace of anxiety in his heart.
Without that strange fish leading the way, there was no way to know where they were. It would be troublesome if they fell into the nest of some powerful beings.
Moreover, there was no way to shake off the people behind him …
Han Jia and the other two followed closely behind. The auras of the streaks of light further away were even more powerful. They were at least Quasi-Sages.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about how to escape, the endless magma sea came to an end and was replaced by a black coastline.
At first, when Luo Zheng saw this black coastline, he felt it was a little strange.
When he got close to the coastline and focused his gaze, he saw clearly that this was not a coastline at all, but a jet-black sea.
This black coastline was the intersection of two bodies of water. It was just that one side was magma, and the other was black water!
The boundary between the two was very clear and did not interfere with each other.
"What the hell is this place …"
The boundless black water in front of him revealed a trace of strangeness.
It was like an absolute land of death, without a trace of life.
If it was any other time, Luo Zheng would definitely take a detour if it was not necessary.
But now, he had no choice at all!
Luo Zheng only hesitated for a moment before he heard a sharp whistling sound behind him.
"Whoosh —"
A constantly spiraling purple flaming sword was already heading straight for Luo Zheng. Han Liusu had actually attacked from thousands of feet away.
Luo Zheng somersaulted and dodged the flaming sword. Once again, he spread his lightning wings and escaped into the black water area …
Han Jia and the other two did not hesitate and continued to chase.
But when Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, Tang Chou, Mu Xuerong, and the other Perfection Stage experts arrived, their faces revealed serious expressions.
"What kind of body of water is this? It's pitch black, without a trace of life," Dongfang Qiu said with a frown.
After all, this was the Abyss Demon Region. There were dangerous places everywhere. Even if their cultivations were extremely high, they had to be careful most of the time.
"It doesn't matter. As long as we don't let that kid escape," Mu Xuerong said as she looked into the distance.
"If he enters rashly, he will only be courting death." Mu Tianshou thought for a moment before saying, "Rong 'er, you guys go back first. Leave the pursuit of Luo Zheng to us!"
In the eyes of the Quasi-Saints, Mu Xuerong and the others had a chance to inherit the Abyss Demon Region. It would be a pity if they died inside.
Moreover, the three of them were enough to deal with Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2404
These Perfect True Gods didn't want to give up.
But they had to obey the orders of their elders.
Plus, Luo Zheng's current power was far beyond what they could match.
Finally, Mu Xuerong clenched her teeth and chose to turn back …
…
Whoosh!
A purple flaming sword streaked across the black water region and shot toward Luo Zheng.
Han Liusu attacked Luo Zheng two or three times in a row.
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted downwards, and the purple flaming sword followed closely behind him.
As Luo Zheng suddenly lifted his body, the purple flaming sword, which had lost its aim, hit the black water.
The moment the purple Deviant Fire came into contact with the black Deviant Fire, it was instantly extinguished and completely disappeared.
"This black water …"
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, a cautious look immediately appeared on his face.
He knew how scary Han Liusu's purple flame was. It could burn almost anything.
Especially now that Han Liusu's cultivation had improved greatly, not only did she burn the nine-headed snake, but she even ignited the magma sea in the Abyss Demon Region.
But when the purple flame touched the black water, it was extinguished.
What exactly is this black water? "
As he was thinking, a cold voice came from behind him. "You've been to the place of reincarnation, right?"
Han Liusu asked.
The three of them were one, and their flying speed was even faster than Luo Zheng's. The distance between them and Luo Zheng gradually shortened.
"So what?" Luo Zheng said lightly.
"What did you see in the place of reincarnation?" Han Liusu asked again.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked at Han Liusu, who was not far away. "Why should I tell you?"
"Really?"
Han Liusu's face became cold, and she pinched her fingers slightly.
Han Chuyue and Han Cangyan, who were beside her, also activated the formation in the center.
Whoosh!
The Purple Heavenly Fire flourished and grew wildly in the air like vines. It transformed into a Purple Fire Formation and enveloped Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wanted to dodge, but it was too late.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
At the same time as Luo Zheng was trapped, Han Liusu, Han Chuyue and Han Cangyan immediately separated, standing in three different directions of the Purple Flame Grand Array.
These three positions were the three formation eyes of the Purple Fire Grand Array.
"This Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation is paired with my purple colored deviant flame. Even a pinnacle secondary saint won't be able to come out." Han Liusu sneered and said, "You can tell me now."
The purple flame with tassels was very special. Once it burned, even a Saint would have to retreat.
If the three of them worked together and used the purple Deviant Fire to set up an array, it was indeed possible for them to trap a Saint!
The most important thing about the Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation was that it could seal off space. Even a peak stage secondary saint wouldn't be able to use Greater Transference after being trapped. Greater Transference couldn't be used in the Abyss Devil Region, and the environment was even more advantageous to them.
Luo Zheng, who was standing in the center of the Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation, didn't show any change in his expression. He looked at the flame formation and asked, "This Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation should have been created by Emperor Hanqing? It is indeed very exquisite. "
"Yes, so what?" Han Liusu's face revealed a trace of pride.
Luo Zheng stared at Han Liusu and said, "The three of them are already under your control. That's why you have the qualifications to set up such a mysterious formation. You are Emperor Hanqing, am I right?"
Han Liusu glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. "This has nothing to do with you."
"You were able to become a Saint in two lifetimes. You are a person with great luck, and the Divine Region has treated you well. For revenge, you sacrificed your own children. Is it worth it?" Luo Zheng said again.
"What do you mean?" Han Liusu's expression sank.
"Do you want me to say it more clearly? Saint Liu? "Luo Zheng directly called out his identity.
Hearing this, Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, Han Cangyan, and Emperor Hanqing on the Plains of Despair's expressions changed greatly. The four of them had the same expression!
Emperor Hanqing didn't care about Luo Zheng's other deductions.
After all, when Han Liusu and the others became Perfect True Gods, it attracted many people's suspicions, but that didn't affect anything.
Emperor Hanqing's greatest secret had been exposed by this person in front of him. This was what he feared the most.
Ever since Emperor Hanqing's memories of his past life had awakened more than twenty years ago, he had been trying to get close to Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun was too wary of Han Jia and didn't have much of a chance …
In this trip to the Abyss Devil Region, he had to find a chance to act. He wanted to end the entire Dongfang family, and even the entire Wealthy Alliance!
If Dongfang Chunjun knew his identity, the consequences would be unimaginable!
"How did you know? Did the Stone Rat tell you? "Han Liusu asked with a dark expression.
Luo Zheng shrugged. "Yes and no. It only told me that its master was Yue Yinliu. I followed Yue Yinliu's memories and found out everything."
"So that's how it is." Han Liusu nodded slightly, a faint smile appearing on her gloomy face. "To be able to find out this identity, it really surprised me. It's a pity that you won't have the chance to tell anyone. Turn to ashes!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the purple flames surrounding Luo Zheng's Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation burned brightly.
It seemed that Emperor Hanqing was determined to trap and kill Luo Zheng.
Staring at the flames, Luo Zheng shook his head. "Looks like you don't care about Liusu that much."
"What do you mean?" Han Liusu frowned.
"Didn't Han Liusu tell you that her purple Deviant Flame can burn everything but me?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"Stubborn!"
Emperor Hanqing didn't believe him. On the Plains of Despair, he willed Han Liusu to activate the Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation.
The flames from all directions immediately swarmed toward Luo Zheng and engulfed him, burning him crazily.
Even a saint would be in trouble if touched by Liusu's purple flames, let alone a mere Perfect True God like Luo Zheng.
"Hualala …"
Luo Zheng's body danced in the purple flames. When he came out of the flames, he was unharmed.
Only his body glowed with golden light, like a Buddha statue plated with a layer of gold leaf.
Seeing this, Emperor Hanqing and Han Liusu, who were opposite Luo Zheng, seemed to have seen something unbelievable.
Emperor Hanqing faintly remembered that when Han Tianxiao had reported to him that Luo Zheng seemed to have a body that didn't fear flames. But at that time, Luo Zheng was just a Lower True God. Emperor Hanqing didn't take him seriously, how could he remember?
The reason why Emperor Hanqing chose to control the three of them was because of Han Liusu's special flames.
In a short time, he used the power given to him by the Stone Forest Rat to push the three of them to Perfect True Gods. Their combined strength could even kill a Peak Quasi-Saint, relying on Han Liusu's purple flames.
Now that Luo Zheng didn't fear the purple flames at all, their greatest reliance was gone.
"Shua!"
After rushing out of the purple flames, Luo Zheng went straight for Han Liusu.
Han Liusu's reaction wasn't slow either. She only took a step back, while Han Cangyan and Han Chuyue took a step forward. The three of them were using the Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Matrix to deal with Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2405
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had broken through several layers of fire and was right in front of Han Liusu.
His hand shot out like lightning and grabbed Han Liusu's head.
"9527! I'm counting on you! "Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Han Liusu and Han Chuyue were now puppets of Emperor Han Qing. Or rather, they were something between a human and a puppet.
Their souls were still intact, but their memories were gone.
What replaced them were endless fragments of memories. Among the chaotic memories, there were only memories of cultivation and understanding. They had lost their original personalities. In that sense, they were puppets.
There was only one way to restore them, and that was to put their memories back into their souls.
But before that, he had to erase the chaotic memories in their souls and escape Emperor Han Qing's control.
Luo Zheng couldn't do that, so he had to leave it to 9527.
Just as Luo Zheng grabbed Han Liusu's head, 9527 burrowed into Han Liusu's mind.
Han Liusu's soul curled up into a ball and floated there.
But behind her soul, there was a light yellow bug on her back. The bug's head and face were exactly the same as Emperor Han Qing's.
"What is this?"
Emperor Han Qing saw 9527's little green ball of light and was puzzled.
But no matter what it was, it was bad for him to invade Han Liusu's mind. The bug's surface glowed yellow, and then it launched a soul attack at 9527.
"Die!"
The yellow light turned into soul spikes and rushed towards the green ball of light.
Although 9527 was the lowest level of soul and wasn't very strong, it was still a part of the soul of a primal chaos elder god. It could easily resist Emperor Han Qing's little soul bug.
The yellow soul spikes were very powerful soul attacks. Even a normal perfect true god's soul couldn't withstand them.
But when they hit the green ball, there was no reaction.
9527's body glowed green, and a light green tentacle reached out from the center of the ball.
The tentacle quickly transformed into the shape of a knife and gently slashed at the light yellow insect.
The bug body silently broke into two pieces and fell from the back of Han Liusu's soul. The light yellow bug body was a soul body after all. It tried to escape, but before it could escape from Han Liusu's mind, 9527 had already extended its light green tentacles and tightly wrapped around the bug body.
Following that, 9527 directly dragged the insect body into its soul ….
Although 9527 didn't need to strengthen itself, the original owner and the Brain Lord didn't allow them to be in a split soul state.
However, as a general on the outside, he was not bound by the emperor's orders. Now that 9527 had gradually gained its own consciousness, it naturally did not have so many restrictions. It would not let go of such an opportunity to devour souls.
Killing this bug was equivalent to severing the connection between Han Liusu and Emperor Han Qing.
"Done!"
9527 transmitted a trace of consciousness to Luo Zheng.
From the moment 9527 drilled into Han Liusu's mind and killed the yellow worm, it only took a breath of time.
At this time, Han Liusu had already lost consciousness, her head drooping to one side, her eyes lifeless.
Luo Zheng grabbed Han Liusu's arm, and when 9527's soul returned, his body flashed again, and he grabbed at Han Chuyue not far away.
Doing the same thing …
Han Chuyue's eyes were originally filled with indifference, but after losing Emperor Han Qing's control, the indifference turned into confusion.
After losing the flame of memory, even if she still had a soul, she was still a shell.
He freed the two girls from Emperor Han Qing's control, and now there was only one target left, and that was Han Cangyan.
But this time, before Luo Zheng could make a move, Han Cangyan had already fled in the opposite direction.
"This kid, how is it possible …"
On the Plains of Despair, Emperor Han Qing's face was as ugly as it could be.
The three sons of Han Family had set up the Heaven Trapping Dragon Lock Formation, which was also a trump card, but it was broken so easily. How could he accept it?
In that situation, Emperor Han Qing could only let Han Cangyan escape first.
If Han Cangyan was also intercepted by Luo Zheng, then he would be in real trouble.
With his cultivation, he could not inherit the Abyss Realm, and he did not want to lose control of Han Cangyan, the last one.
Just as Emperor Han Qing was worried that Luo Zheng would catch up to Han Cangyan, his face darkened again. In the sky above the Black Water Region, there were three people facing Han Cangyan, Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, and Tang Chou.
"If this kid did not reveal his identity, then it would be fine. If he did, then we are going to have a falling out." Emperor Han Qing's eyes flashed.
Perhaps with his strength, he did not fear Dongfang Chunjun, but he did not think it was a good time.
Because he did not have the real bargaining chip yet!
In the Black Water Region …
Dongfang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, and Tang Chou passed by Han Cangyan.
They only glanced at him, but did not stop him. After all, their target was Luo Zheng.
"As expected of a Perfected True God who can fight against ten Perfected True Gods. To be able to enter the sixth level of the Abyss Realm alone, I am impressed!" Dongfang Qiu laughed.
It was also because Han Jia and the other two had stopped Luo Zheng that the three of them could catch up quickly.
Luo Zheng did not choose to escape.
The Black Water Region was too strange, and he did not want to go too deep.
If the pursuers were only Quasi-Saints, he might be able to fight them …
"Since you are impressed, then you can leave," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
After that, Luo Zheng's energy center glowed faintly. He was going to put Han Chuyue and Han Liusu into his internal world.
Once Luo Zheng retrieved their memories, they would be able to recover their original memories.
Mu Tianshou stepped forward and stared at Luo Zheng as he said, "I think it's better for you to obediently surrender."
Three Quasi-Saints were enough to intimidate him.
The three of them were peak Quasi-Saints, and they were confident of winning against a Sage, let alone a mere Perfected True God like Luo Zheng.
"Three Quasi-Saints and you want me to surrender?" Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm afraid it's not enough."
"Arrogant!"
How could Tang Chou tolerate a Perfected True God being so arrogant in front of him? His murderous intent soared!
But the moment Tang Chou showed his murderous intent, a ball suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng's head. The ball made a cracking sound and broke.
One of the Soul Suppressing Swords, which emitted an aura that even Sages were terrified of, flew toward Tang Chou!

Chapter 2406
Luo Zheng had seven Hermit Divine Powers hanging above his head.
However, after these balls hung for a period of time, they would hide themselves and would not be visible to the naked eye.
The first Hermit Divine Power that Luo Zheng checked was "Counterattack of Killing Intent."
When someone showed hostility towards Luo Zheng, this Hermit Divine Power would take effect!
Even Luo Zheng could not help but shrink his neck when the Soul-Suppressing Sword shot out from the ball. The majestic soul pressure was released, causing Luo Zheng's soul to stiffen.
This was only the remnant pressure …
Dongfang Qiu and Mu Tianshou were on both sides of Tang Chou. The three of them were facing the Soul-Suppressing Sword head-on.
When they faced the Soul-Suppressing Sword, they felt as small as ants. The vast soul pressure was like an infinite giant. They had no right to resist or escape …
Therefore, the three Secondary Saints stood on the spot like wooden blocks.
Until the Soul-Suppressing Sword pierced into Tang Chou's brain!
"Pop!"
Everyone heard a soft muffled sound.
After the Soul-Suppressing Sword destroyed Tang Chou's soul, it disappeared into Tang Chou's brain.
Tang Chou's eyes shone with a dazzling golden light. When the golden light dissipated, his eyes were blank and lifeless … ….
"Whoosh …"
The body that had lost its soul fell into the black water below.
Dongfang Qiu and Mu Tianshou were frightened. They did not pull Tang Chou's body and allowed it to fall into the black water.
Han Cangyan, who was fleeing in the distance, also turned around abruptly …
Emperor Han Qing, who was on the Plains of Despair, felt this scene through Han Cangyan. His eyes were filled with shock, and his face was filled with uncertainty.
"What is that! How can it produce such a powerful soul attack? "
No one in the entire Divine Realm could withstand a soul attack of this level. Even a Nirvana Realm expert would die if they touched it!
Luo Zheng's face was also filled with regret.
Although he could faintly feel that the Hermit Divine Powers were quite powerful, he did not expect the Soul-Suppressing Sword to be so terrifying.
Not to mention a Secondary Saint, even a Saint or a Nirvana Realm expert's soul would be slashed by this sword!
It was a waste to kill a Secondary Saint from the Tang Family …
"This killing intent counter will be activated as long as killing intent is generated. Why hasn't it been activated before?"
Luo Zheng was a little suspicious.
Along the way, there were probably many creatures who wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
For example, those demons, or Han Liusu and the others.
Why didn't he activate it earlier or later? Why did he have to use it against Tang Chou?
After all, those demons also wanted to kill him!
"That's because the demons aren't real living beings, and Han Liusu and the others are just puppets," 9527 suddenly explained. "The Hermit's supernatural power is triggered in response to certain special situations. Before it's triggered, there are many conditions, especially the countermeasure of killing intent. It won't kill an ant just because it wants to kill you. It needs to distinguish the target."
Hearing 9527's explanation, Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
At a critical moment, this thing could not only save one's life, but it could also reverse the situation.
Although he had activated a Hermit divine ability, he still had six left …
Mu Tianshou's pupils constricted as he stared at Luo Zheng.
They did not expect that a Secondary Saint would die before they even made a move.
Tang Chou's strength was not weaker than Mu Tianshou and Dongfang Qiu!
If this was Luo Zheng's true strength, the two of them should turn around and run.
"What kind of technique is this …" Dongfang Qiu asked in a low voice. He felt that his throat was a little tight, and his voice was rather unnatural.
Luo Zheng looked relaxed. He was very satisfied with the power of the Soul Suppressing Sword. "Why should I tell you?"
"This is not your ability," Mu Tianshou said with narrowed eyes. "Even a mighty figure of the Nirvana Realm can't use it. This technique should be from some kind of one-time use treasure!"
Although Luo Zheng did not use any treasure, and from their point of view, the Soul Suppressing Sword seemed to shoot out suddenly, this did not affect Mu Tianshou's deduction.
In a sense, the Hermit Theurgy was indeed equivalent to those one-time use treasures. It was just that when it was activated and when it was effective was not controlled by the user …
"Tianshou is right! This kind of theurgy is not something that you can control. After using it once, how can you use it a second time! If you don't have anything else to rely on, you can't avoid death! "Dongfang Qiu said as he raised his eyebrows. With a" swoosh ", he pulled out a snake spear from his waist.
From Dongfang Qiu's point of view, as long as Luo Zheng did not use that kind of theurgy, he was not scary.
They were two Secondary Sages, and they were considered the pinnacle among the dozens of Secondary Sages on the floating island. If they joined forces, they could not even take down a mere Perfect True God?
"Poor Brother Tang Chou, I will avenge him …"
Mu Tianshou stretched out his hand and gently clenched it. Rays of golden light were spat out from his mouth. The golden light transformed into strangely shaped talismans. After the talismans merged with each other, they transformed into a golden sword in his hand. This was the Golden Talisman Formless Sword, which was also the Extra-dao Theurgy that Mu Tianshou had comprehended from the Stellar Gold Divine Path!
Luo Zheng stood proudly in the air. His huge thunder wings occasionally let out sounds of electric arcs exploding.
Looking at the two Secondary Sages who were ready to attack, he smiled and said, "That theurgy can only be used once! However, I do have something else to rely on! "As he spoke, he gently raised the Shadow Bearing Sword.
Just this sentence caused the two Secondary Sages' expressions to change drastically.
It would be a lie to say that they were not worried. They were afraid that Luo Zheng would take out such a terrifying artifact again. Even if the two of them died ten times, it would not be enough to kill them!
After all, Luo Zheng was sent into the Divine Realm by a Nirvana Realm expert. Who knew what kind of powerful artifact those Nirvana Realm experts had given Luo Zheng?
However, even though the Shadow Bearing Sword was raised, there was no other movement.
"What are you relying on?" Mu Tianshou asked with some anger. He felt that he had been played.
"Naturally, it's myself!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the pair of thunder wings behind Luo Zheng suddenly spread out, and a shocking thunder burst out.
Crackle!
Luo Zheng transformed into a bolt of lightning and charged straight at Mu Tianshou with the Shadow Bearing Sword in his hand.
Mu Tianshou really suspected that Luo Zheng had some backup plan or was hiding some helper, which was why he was so calm.
When he suddenly heard such a reply, he did not know whether to laugh or cry. He did not know how a Perfection True God was going to face two peak Secondary Sages.
However, just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Shadow Bearing Sword cleaved down at Mu Tianshou's head!
"Just you?"
Mu Tianshou's eyes revealed a trace of contempt. The Gold Incantation Formless Sword had already lightly blocked it. He clearly did not think much of Luo Zheng's sword.
Clang!
However, when the two swords clashed, the golden sword actually collapsed and turned into hundreds of golden incantations.
Seeing this scene, Mu Tianshou was stunned again.
He had expected all kinds of situations, but he did not expect that Luo Zheng could shatter his Gold Incantation Formless Sword!

Chapter 2407
This sword was Mu Tianshou's pride. In terms of sturdiness, it was one of the top ten treasures in the Divine Realm.
It was hard for Mu Tianshou to believe that the Shadow Bearing Sword was easily destroyed by it.
As the Golden Incantation Formless Sword was destroyed, Luo Zheng's sword had already slashed down!
When experts fought, a wrong judgment would cost one's life. Luo Zheng had to seize this opportunity.
Moreover, Mu Tianshou couldn't teleport. At such a close distance, he would definitely die.
Seeing that the Shadow Bearing Sword was about to reach Mu Tianshou's head, Dongfang Qiu's snake spear was already stabbing towards Luo Zheng.
Dongfang Qiu was also shocked.
However, he couldn't just watch as Mu Tianshou was killed by Luo Zheng. He attacked directly towards Luo Zheng's face.
He didn't want to kill Luo Zheng. He just wanted to force Luo Zheng to retreat!
"Swoosh!"
A pure and vigorous energy burst out from the snake spear.
As a Secondary Sage of the Dongfang Family, Dongfang Qiu's strength was much stronger than ordinary Secondary Sages!
In terms of actual combat, the Secondary Sages of the Liu and Xie Families might not be his opponent!
However, he was only a Secondary Sage. He couldn't create a universe and couldn't revive infinitely …
Facing Dongfang Qiu's full force attack, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
If he insisted on killing Mu Tianshou, he would be pierced by the snake spear. Even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured!
Helpless, he could only twist his body!
"Eight Turns Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body was like a piece of paper, flying close to the snake spear. He jumped up and attacked Dongfang Qiu again.
"Good timing!"
Dongfang Qiu roared and raised his snake spear.
Layers of Dao spread out from the snake spear. Especially on the tip of the spear, there was a faint blood mark.
"God-Slaying Dao!"
"Flying Feather Demon God Stab!"
An extremely dense killing intent spread out and surrounded Luo Zheng.
Then, Dongfang Qiu's snake spear stabbed countless times in the blink of an eye, leaving behind a snake spear shadow every time.
At a glance, it was as if a blood-red flower was blooming in his hand!
However, not a single spear hit Luo Zheng.
Baqu Flying Smoke, which had fused with the Dao technique's True Meaning of Nature, could be said to be a miraculous skill. Every time the snake spear pierced through, Luo Zheng's body would always be able to easily dodge, and every time, it would be by a hair's breadth.
"Interesting!"
Although Luo Zheng's movement technique was miraculous, his opponent was ultimately a peak secondary saint.
After a series of stabs, Dongfang Qiu's body.
Dongfang Qiu's expression of the spear suddenly Luo Zheng's body.
This time, his snake spear was no longer aimed at Luo Zheng. Instead, with Luo Zheng as the center, it pierced around Luo Zheng.
Of Luo Dao's body body's body of's..'s of Dao 'of of Dao...... s of Dao of Dao' Dao's
However, this movement technique had a fatal flaw, and that was that it could only borrow the strength of others to dodge!
. of of Zheng of Luo Zheng. Sword of Luo Zheng........ of Luo Zheng.......
"Brother Tianshou! This kid can't dodge. Attack! "Dongfang Qiu waved his snake spear and said to Mu Tianshou.
Mu Tianshou almost fell into Luo Zheng's trap. If not for Dongfang Qiu, he would have been split into two by Luo Zheng.
"Unparalleled strength and unfathomable movement skills … Is this what you're relying on?" Mu Tianshou revealed a scornful smile again, "Among Complete Real Gods, you are indeed outstanding! But do you think you can defeat us with just these? "
Every time Dongfang Qiu's snake spear stabbed Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's body shook slightly. However, he was unable to escape from Dongfang Qiu's control.
Even when he was busy, Luo Zheng would still answer, "Yes, so what?"
"Then you underestimate us …"
Mu Tianshou raised his arm again. The golden runes that were scattered flew back again. They attached themselves to each other and formed the Golden Rune Shapeless Sword again.
Mu Tianshou pointed at the golden sword. The golden sword hummed and emitted an even thicker aura of Divine Path Dao.
"Buzz …"
A bright golden light shot out. It was as though a star was born out of thin air.
No matter how dim the Black Water Realm was, at this moment, the area within a radius of five kilometers was illuminated as brightly as day.
"With my strength, the only difference between me and a Sage is the level of Mixed Immortality. In terms of strength, how many Sages can defeat me?" Mu Tianshou's cold voice rang out.
Mixed Body Eternal Life meant mixing one's body with the universe to form the Body of Eternal Life.
Secondary Sages yearned for this power. After all, no matter how strong a Secondary Sage was, he only had one chance. However, a Sage could start over after he died.
With this power, the level of life was completely different!
"Buzz!"
Mu Tianshou raised his sword gently. The golden light shifted as though the golden star on the sword was under his control.
"If that's all you can rely on, then die," Mu Tianshou said indifferently.
The order Dongfang Chunjun gave them was to hunt down Luo Zheng.
It would be good if they could capture him alive. If they couldn't, killing him would be good too.
Mu Tianshou clearly didn't intend to let Luo Zheng live. He stabbed his sword without hesitation.
"Burning Gold Annihilation Sword!"
"Swoosh!"
The bright golden starlight went straight for Luo Zheng.
"This sword is very strong, but it can't take my life. Can I make such a judgment through the Hermit Divine Ability?"
Luo Zheng still had the time to talk to 9527.
Other than the Killing Intent Counter, he also had the Hermit Divine Ability, the Wind and Cloud Escape.
This Hermit Divine Ability could teleport him a certain distance away when he was threatened with death. It could be used to avoid dangerous areas.
Luo Zheng didn't know how the Hermit Divine Ability could distinguish death threats. Could it be that the Hermit Divine Ability could make its own judgment?
"It should be so," 9527 answered. "It's not difficult for the Hermit Divine Ability to do this."
Now that the Wind and Cloud Escape didn't work, Luo Zheng naturally believed that the bright starlight might be powerful, but he might be able to take it.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng also raised his hand and placed the Chengying Sword horizontally in front of his chest.
The emotions in his eyes instantly disappeared without a trace. A cold aura floated between his eyebrows.
"Emotion Severing Divine Path!"
Just as Luo Zheng activated the Emotion Severing Divine Path.
Right below the black waters, a pair of black eyes had been secretly spying on everything.
No matter how fiercely the Secondary Saints fought, the eyes hidden under the black waters were abnormally calm, as if they were completely detached from the world.
But when Luo Zheng used the Emotion Severing Divine Path, the black eyes suddenly shrank, as if they had seen something unbelievable.

Chapter 2408
That pair of black eyes stared at Luo Zheng, trying to find some clues from Luo Zheng's body.
Under the gaze of that pair of eyes, Luo Zheng suddenly swung his sword horizontally!
A simple and unadorned sword move was executed.
"Single Sword of God Yi!"
As Luo Zheng walked further on the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, he fused more and more things into his sword move.
Powerful strength, merged Dao energy, and a purer killing move …
But the foundation of his sword move was still the Single Sword of God Yi!
That pair of eyes that were hidden in the black water was originally a little confused.
After seeing this sword, his eyes suddenly lit up, as if he had confirmed a certain piece of news, and all his doubts disappeared completely!
"Swish!"
As Luo Zheng fused more and more Divine Daos and perfected them, the power of the merged Dao energy also increased exponentially.
Luo Zheng's sword move transformed into a faint sword gleam that spread out!
Mu Tianshou's Burning Gold Annihilation Sword Move was already extremely murderous. When this move was executed, it was certain that Luo Zheng would be smashed into pieces.
No matter how powerful a Perfect True God was, there was still a limit. He didn't believe that Luo Zheng could receive this move of his.
However, when the golden and white sword gleams clashed, Mu Tianshou's gaze was still a little nervous.
After all, Luo Zheng wasn't an ordinary Perfect True God. Furthermore, he was a Peak Secondary Sage. If he lost to a Perfect True God, that kind of defeat was something he couldn't accept.
"Hiss …"
The sword gleams tore each other apart, releasing a sharp whistling sound. This whistling sound was enough to tear the eardrums of ordinary True Gods and make them dizzy.
As the sword gleams tore each other apart, pure gold light spots bloomed.
These light spots shot out in all directions at an extremely fast speed! Some of the light spots hit Dong Fang Qiu's body and left a deep hole!
Dong Fang Qiu couldn't stand the light spots shooting randomly. He could only give up on using his snake spear to trap Luo Zheng and chose to retreat.
Mu Tianshou's Burning Gold Annihilation Sword Move should be enough to kill Luo Zheng. He thought as he retreated.
However, Mu Tianshou wasn't so optimistic …
He stared at the two golden lights with a grim expression.
In the beginning, his Fiery Gold Annihilation Sword had the upper hand. In the blink of an eye, it had devoured one-third of the white sword radiance.
But halfway through, the Fiery Gold Annihilation Sword began to shrink rapidly, and Luo Zheng's sword became more and more powerful …
"Incinerating Gold Annihilating Sword … the Mu Family's Second Saint's ultimate skill is indeed an extremely ferocious sword move. It's a pity … in this Divine Realm, what else can be a match for the sword move spawned by the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
The pair of eyes in the black water saw everything happening above. Seeing the two sword lights cross, the owner of the pair of eyes made a judgment.
As expected …
In the blink of an eye, the golden sword light from the Burning Gold Annihilation Sword had disappeared without a trace.
As for the white sword beam from Yi Shen's sword, it flew towards Mu Tianshou!
"Hmph!"
Mu Tianshou coldly snorted. In this exchange of blows, he could only admit that he was inferior to Luo Zheng.
Then, he wielded the Golden Incantation Shapeless Sword and slashed out again.
"Incinerating Gold Annihilation Sword" was one of Mu Tianshou's strongest killer moves. This move consumed a lot of Dao Accumulation. Even though he was a Second Saint, he could only slash out three times … If he forcefully activated his energy center to slash out more, the Dao Accumulation in his internal world wouldn't be enough. He would need to use his True Origin to make up for it, which would hurt the foundation of his internal world.
"However, the second slash is enough. As a mere Perfect True God, the previous slash was probably his limit. It's impossible for him to activate the second slash … No matter how talented you are, you still can't escape death!" Mu Tianshou thought to himself.
"Swish!"
The second Incinerating Gold Annihilation Sword flew out again …
But just as this sword radiance was released, Mu Tianshou's face froze.
"This, this …"
Luo Zheng, who was in front, held the Cheng Ying Sword and slashed at Mu Tianshou.
The white sword radiance was like silk threads floating in the air. It formed a complicated angle and slashed at Mu Tianshou's head.
Luo Zheng slashed out seven to eight slashes in an instant!
"Retreat!"
Mu Tianshou's face twitched again. There was a clear question in his heart.
Was this guy really a Perfect True God and not a Sage?
If not for the fact that Luo Zheng had never left his name on the Sage Mountain, he would have suspected that Luo Zheng was a Sage in disguise.
But this question only flashed past his mind. He was only retreating at full speed.
"Swish swish swish swish swish swish …"
The sword radiance that was slashing at him at full speed had already engulfed his Incinerating Gold Annihilation Sword.
Mu Tianshou was about to be drowned by Luo Zheng's sword net …
Dongfang Qiu, who was not far away, suddenly flashed. He held Mu Tianshou's shoulder with one hand and pointed his snake spear with the other.
Every time the snake spear pointed in the air, it would create a huge whirlpool.
Dongfang Qiu pointed more than ten times and there were more than ten huge whirlpools in front of him and Luo Zheng.
These huge whirlpools spiraled at high speed and caused Luo Zheng's sword radiance to run in all directions. It was extremely chaotic.
No matter what, Dongfang Qiu had blocked Luo Zheng's attack.
But Luo Zheng had no intention of stopping these two Quasi-Sages. He would go all out.
As he narrowed his eyes, the lightning wings on his back suddenly flapped, and he rushed toward the two Quasi-Sages …
…
…
On the Plains of Despair …
Emperor Hanqing cupped his hands toward Dongfang Chunjun in the distance and sent a voice transmission. "Brother Chunjun, my children are in trouble. I have to save them!"
After saying this, Emperor Hanqing had already flown toward the left side of the Plains of Despair.
Dongfang Chunjun was still fighting with Jia Lu …
Although he had the upper hand with Mu Haiji and Tang Lun working together.
But the demon's recovery ability was too abnormal. This one-sided battle had become a long tug of war.
Dongfang Chunjun wanted to keep Emperor Hanqing in the Plains of Despair, but Emperor Hanqing had given up this excuse. Dongfang Chunjun could not stop him.
Whoosh!
After Emperor Hanqing rushed out of the Plains of Despair, he turned into a streak of green light and flew toward the Black Water Region at an extremely fast speed.
Han Cangyan retreated a bit but did not run away. With Han Cangyan, he could quickly find Luo Zheng!
The secret of his identity could not be leaked.
Once Dongfang Chunjun found out, it would be a disaster for him.
The safest way was to kill Luo Zheng as quickly as possible. That was why he ignored Dongfang Chunjun's suspicions and forced his way out of the Plains of Despair …
"If I take control of the Wealthy Alliance, I will definitely cherish your talents! But unfortunately, you know too much … "
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed with killing intent.
He did not have much enmity with Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's performance was very eye-catching. If he could join Han Jia, he would definitely be put in an important position.

Chapter 2409
Facing Luo Zheng's aggressive attacks, Mu Tianshou was still unconvinced at first.
Perhaps Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was powerful, but his overall strength might not be his match. Moreover, he and Dongfang Qiu could even fight against a Saint …
The furious Mu Tianshou chose to fight against Luo Zheng again.
But the result was very cruel. After his Golden Incantation Formless Sword was destroyed, one of his arms was also destroyed by Luo Zheng's sword!
If not for Dongfang Qiu's sudden pull, he would have been cut into two by Luo Zheng!
At this time, Mu Tianshou chose to believe that he was indeed not Luo Zheng's match …
In comparison, Dongfang Qiu understood much more.
In terms of strength, Mu Tianshou might be slightly stronger than Dongfang Qiu, but in terms of foresight, Dongfang Qiu was much better than Mu Tianshou.
When Luo Zheng was using the Emotion Severing Divine Path, Dongfang Qiu already had thoughts of retreating.
In his mind, the passage from the sixth level to the upper level was already sealed. Even if Luo Zheng had wings, he would not be able to leave the Abyss of Demons.
It was not embarrassing that they did not catch Luo Zheng. As long as Dongfang Chunjun controlled the Abyss of Demons, it would only take a thought to remove this kid from the Abyss of Demons, wouldn't it?
Why bother to fight with this kid?
It was just that Mu Tianshou was stubborn. Now that Luo Zheng was chasing after him, he was also quite helpless.
"Golden Sword Condensation!"
Although Mu Tianshou only had one arm left, his spirit had not dissipated. His eyes were still filled with sharpness and fighting spirit.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
After the Golden Incantation Formless Sword blocked a few times, Luo Zheng softly spat out the word "shatter". The power of the Chengying Sword suddenly increased by ten times.
"Clang!"
The golden sword once again collapsed into golden runes.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to stab with his sword, Dongfang Qiu's snake spear once again pierced through from an ingenious angle.
This angle made Luo Zheng extremely uncomfortable. His sword might be able to assassinate Mu Tianshou, but he would also be pierced by the snake spear. Even if he didn't die, he would be severely injured …
In an adverse situation like the Abyss Demon Territory, it was indeed unwise to be seriously injured. Luo Zheng could only choose to avoid Dongfang Qiu's attack.
"As expected of a secondary saint..."
Luo Zheng said silently in his heart.
In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng didn't put the two in his eyes.
However, their foresight and judgment were far from what ordinary Perfection True Gods could compare to.
At the moment when Luo Zheng chose to retreat, Dongfang Qiu's eyes flashed. He actually took advantage of Luo Zheng and pressed forward with his snake spear!
Swish!
The snake spear suddenly spiraled at an inconceivable speed, forming a terrifying explosive force!
Dongfang Qiu had been holding back for so long, and now he used his killer move. It was indeed out of Luo Zheng's expectation.
The more the situation was like this, the more he couldn't panic.
Luo Zheng's state of mind didn't change at all, but the Chengying Sword in his hand chopped vertically, and then gently flicked it horizontally …
Clang, clang, clang …
He used six to seven moves in a row.
The Chengying Sword also moved in a very small area, and quickly dispelled Dongfang Qiu's attack.
"Good, good …"
The pair of eyes hidden in the black water looked more and more excited.
When he saw Luo Zheng's sword moves, he was both gratified and respectful …
Although he created the Divine Yi Sword, this sword technique wasn't complete. In other words, other than the most extreme move, this sword technique still contained many flaws.
And every move that Luo Zheng used was perfectly matched. It was as if he was born for the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
Of course, this pair of eyes didn't know that Luo Zheng's extremely simple sword technique was originally very compatible with the Divine Yi Sword. Because of this, Luo Zheng walked on the path of cutting emotions, and after studying the Sword of Beginning, his attainments in the sword technique reached the peak.
Dongfang Qiu's series of killer moves were ineffective, but he didn't have any regrets. After forcing Luo Zheng to a distance, he turned around and pulled Mu Tianshou to escape, but Luo Zheng still followed closely behind.
But at this time, a green light suddenly flashed from afar …
"Saint?" Dongfang Qiu narrowed his eyes, and a hint of vigilance flashed in his eyes. "Emperor Hanqing!"
Mu Tianshou laughed. "Good! A Saint has come! It's the Saint of Han Jia! Let's see how capable you are, if you can survive from a Saint! "
Mu Tianshou wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng quickly, but he wasn't strong enough. Now that he suddenly saw a Saint appear, he was overjoyed, and didn't have the style of a quasi-saint at all.
But Dongfang Qiu had other thoughts.
Although Dongfang Chunjun allowed Emperor Hanqing to step into the Abyss Demon Area, he was still suspicious of this person.
After all, Emperor Hanqing was so arrogant before. After pushing Han Jia onto the floating island, he continuously rejected the Wealthy Alliance's invitation, and didn't even care about Dongfang Chunjun.
But in these few decades, his attitude suddenly changed, and anyone would be suspicious.
Whoosh!
Even though they were dozens of miles apart, Emperor Hanqing flicked a finger in this direction.
That green light streaked across 40 to 50 miles, and accurately hit Luo Zheng, splitting the space between Luo Zheng and the two quasi-saints, and forcing Luo Zheng to retreat.
Looking at the finger light that split the space, Luo Zheng's face darkened.
Against a secondary saint, Luo Zhengfang had the power to fight and could even suppress a secondary saint.
But against a true Saint, Luo Zheng had no confidence at all.
Moreover, Emperor Hanqing was one of the top Saints. Otherwise, he couldn't have single-handedly pushed Han Jia into the top 10.
Emperor Hanqing approached from afar, and in just two breaths, he was beside Mu Tianshou and Dongfang Qiu.
"Thank you for saving us, Saint Han Jia," Mu Tianshou said.
Emperor Hanqing's name had the word "Emperor", and in terms of respect, he could be called "Holy Emperor".
But Emperor Hanqing didn't have much status in the Wealthy Alliance, so he didn't have the right to call him that.
Emperor Hanqing's gaze never left Luo Zheng's face. His lips curled into a smile as he said to Mu Tianshou, "Who said I saved you?"
Hearing Emperor Hanqing's words, Mu Tianshou was slightly taken aback.
Dongfang Qiu's gaze froze, and his heart sank. He had a bad feeling about this.
"What do you mean by that, Saint Han Jia …" Mu Tianshou smiled.
Emperor Hanqing said, "I'm just worried that Luo Zheng won't be able to kill all of you. It'll be troublesome if a strand of your soul escapes!"
After that …
Dongfang Qiu's and Mu Tianshou's faces changed drastically.
Even the dumbest person would know that something bad was going to happen.
Seeing that the two quasi-saints were about to escape, Emperor Hanqing's left and right hands clenched at the same time, and two strands of killing force were produced.
Mu Tianshou groaned, and his entire body was smashed into pieces …

Chapter 2410
Some pieces of flesh fell from the sky and dripped into the black water.
The two saints didn't even have a chance to escape. From their bodies to their souls, they were completely annihilated.
Emperor Hanqing's hands remained in the same position as before. He stood above the black waters, staring coldly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered with uncertainty.
Although he knew Emperor Hanqing wasn't weak, his methods were still far beyond his expectations.
Just a casual release of power was enough to kill two peak quasi-saints in an instant.
This strength was probably on par with Dongfang Chunjun!
"You shouldn't have exposed my identity." Emperor Hanqing stared calmly at Luo Zheng, killing intent brewing in his eyes.
"Dongfang Chunjun is also my enemy. I will take his life one day. You shouldn't have sacrificed your daughter's life." Luo Zheng frowned at Emperor Hanqing. He didn't lose out in the slightest.
The two of them had the same goal.
But Luo Zheng had a bottom line. He wouldn't allow Han Liusu and Han Chuyue to be sacrificed.
In contrast, Emperor Hanqing was willing to do anything.
"So you're saying I should place my hopes on you?" Emperor Hanqing's lips curled into a mocking smile.
He did admire Luo Zheng, but he knew better than anyone that Luo Zheng could rise and kill Dongfang Chunjun. That was just a fool's dream.
Emperor Hanqing had lived two lives. No one was worthy of his trust.
With that said, Emperor Hanqing reached out and grabbed at the air.
"Divine weapon, come!"
Emperor Hanqing tore open a large crack in space. It condensed into a pitch-black spear.
Emperor Hanqing grabbed the black spear and pointed it at Luo Zheng. "Everything I've sacrificed, I'll take it back from Dongfang Chunjun. As for you, you'll have to die first. Whether or not I can bring you back to life will depend on my mood."
Luo Zheng's expression changed at the sight of the black spear.
The laws of space in the Abyssal Demon Domain were restricted. Other than the spatial door built by the Demon Clan, even Saints could not use greater teleportation.
However, Luo Zheng could sense an intense power of the Laws of Space coming from the black spear!
"This spear is beyond the limits of the Abyss Demon Domain," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"Hahaha, I've already said that you don't know anything. What right do you have to get involved in this mess?"
Swish!
Emperor Hanqing pointed his spear in the air.
A black light shot out from the tip of the spear!
This black light was in the shape of a narrow fan. It swept past Luo Zheng's ear and extended to a range of several tens of thousands of zhang.
Then, the two sides of the fan-shaped space quickly closed up like a giant pair of scissors, turning into a black line.
If Luo Zheng had been in this fan shape, his head would have been cut off by now …
"This Taihe Divine Spear should be one of the top weapons of faith in the entire Abyss Demon Realm." Emperor Hanqing looked at Luo Zheng's expression with satisfaction.
He had been suppressed in front of Dongfang Chunjun for so long, but the juniors of the Noble Clans had looked down on him too much.
Now, he was trying to regain that shred of dignity in front of Luo Zheng!
A weapon of faith …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
When he saw that the black spear had defied the laws of the Abyss Demon Realm, Luo Zheng had some guesses, but he hadn't expected them to be true.
"In my last life, I managed to get my hands on this weapon of faith in the Abyssal Demonic Realm, and even managed to escape safely. This means that I, Emperor Hanqing, am a man of great fortune." Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed with madness, "I want to control more than just the Abyssal Demonic Realm …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared with the Taihe Divine Spear in hand.
"Greater Teleportation!"
Luo Zheng was inwardly shocked. Others couldn't use Greater Teleportation, but this guy could easily do it. This was too much!
Almost as if it were a conditioned reflex, Luo Zheng's entire body began to sink.
Swish!
The Taihe Divine Spear suddenly pierced through the air, passing right above Luo Zheng's head.
"Kid, your reactions are fast. But can you dodge it every time?"
Emperor Hanqing had just stepped out of the air when he stepped back into the air.
But before he could even enter the air, the spear pierced through the air from another direction, heading straight for Luo Zheng!
This was a mysterious technique.
Swish!
"Eight Paths of Smoke!"
Luo Zheng's body became extremely agile. Like a soft piece of paper, he danced around the Taihe Divine Spear.
"Interesting movement technique!"
Even Dongfang Qiu could think of a way to counter Luo Zheng's movement technique in an instant, much less Emperor Hanqing.
With his back to Luo Zheng, Emperor Hanqing thrust his spear out several times!
Each thrust pierced through the air and appeared around Luo Zheng …
Buzz buzz buzz buzz …
After twelve consecutive thrusts, the tip of the spear pulled a series of horizontal and vertical spatial cracks.
These spatial cracks formed a square spatial cage, completely trapping Luo Zheng!
"Let's see how you dodge this time!" Emperor Hanqing laughed.
Luo Zheng was trapped in this spatial cage with no room to dodge.
But that didn't mean he had no way to deal with it …
Emperor Hanqing had the Taihe Divine Spear, but Luo Zheng had the Imperial Jade Seal that could erase time!
But the Imperial Jade Seal couldn't help Luo Zheng escape.
The Imperial Jade Seal could only erase time for a short period of time. If Emperor Hanqing wanted to kill him, all he had to do was attack.
After three breaths of time, Emperor Hanqing would truly be killed. Even if the time was erased, it would be useless.
But Luo Zheng still had the Wind and Cloud Escape, a hidden ability!
Although the spatial laws of the Abyss Demon Realm were forbidden, the Wind and Cloud Escape wasn't left behind by an ordinary person. It should be able to help him escape …
"But why isn't the Wind and Cloud Escape working?" Luo Zheng muttered.
Just as Emperor Hanqing thrust his spear into the air again, the tip of the spear piercing through space and heading straight for Luo Zheng …
Swish!
Ripples suddenly appeared in the calm waters of the Black Water Domain.
A sharp thin line broke the calm waters of the Black Water Domain and slashed upwards!
"Crack …"
"Ta!"
This thin line directly cut through the spatial cage trapping Luo Zheng and then slashed at the Taihe Divine Spear.
The power of this thin line was so great that Emperor Hanqing almost couldn't hold onto the Taihe Divine Spear!
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. He was very familiar with the Dao of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Even with his eyes closed, he could sense the Dao Connotation contained in the thin thread.
And this Dao was extremely condensed. It was obviously a great success!
Just like how the pair of black eyes were shocked when they saw Luo Zheng use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng was also extremely shocked.
Amidst the shock, he thought of someone …

Chapter 2411
Chen Huang Yijian was one of the top geniuses in the Dayan Universe.
Since he was able to escape into the Abyss Devil Area, his cultivation must not have been weak.
He must have been at least an upper True God, or even a peak True God.
But the Abyss Devil Area was so dangerous!
Let alone a peak True God, even a quasi sage or even a sage would find it hard to survive in the Abyss Devil Area.
Moreover, Chen Huang Yijian had never experienced the Saint Mountain. He could not have become a sage by himself.
Luo Zheng had many guesses in his mind, but they were only guesses.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In the blink of an eye, countless black strands shot out from the black water.
These black strands were extremely fast, like thin strands of hair, and headed for Emperor Hanqing and Luo Zheng.
As long as one was caught by these black strands, one would naturally be cut in half!
But Emperor Hanqing held the Taihe Divine Spear in his hand and dodged the strands with ease.
The black strands' goal was clear: to force Emperor Hanqing to retreat.
Luo Zheng stood on the spot without moving, but all the thin threads circled around him and swept past him, not touching him in the slightest ….
"Come down!"
As Emperor Hanqing was forced away, a voice was transmitted into Luo Zheng's mind with a true essence sound transmission.
Without hesitation, Luo Zheng's body began to descend.
Although he had Hermit's divine ability, if he could avoid it, he would.
Whoosh!
He was descending at an extremely fast speed, but how could Emperor Hanqing let Luo Zheng do as he wished?
Emperor Hanqing's Taihe Divine Spear shook in the air again. Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The Taihe Divine Spear turned into countless spear shadows that pierced into the void.
Right below Luo Zheng, the spear shadows pierced towards Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Emperor Hanqing took a step forward and circled around the black strands to appear above Luo Zheng.
He knew that Luo Zheng's Eight Turns Flying Smoke could perfectly avoid his attacks, so this round of attacks would not stop there.
As he walked out of the void, Emperor Han Qing slammed down from the sky!
An extremely powerful force suddenly pressed down from above, and below it were the countless spear shadows of the Taihe Divine Spear.
Under such high pressure, even if Luo Zheng were to use the Eight Directional Flying Smoke, he would still be pressed against the spear tips and be pierced through by the spear shadows.
"Even if someone comes to save you, you'll still die," Emperor Hanqing sneered.
Emperor Hanqing was surprised by the attack from the black water.
Although this attack was fierce, it was far from enough to make Emperor Han Qing afraid.
After killing Luo Zheng, he might have a chance to fight with the guy under the black water.
Luo Zheng stared at the pressure and twisted his body. He smiled faintly at Emperor Hanqing. "It looks like your memory is really bad."
Maybe Emperor Hanqing didn't put Luo Zheng in his eyes and forgot about Luo Zheng's ability.
Emperor Han Qing looked at Luo Zheng's calm face. Suspicion welled up in his heart. He seemed to have forgotten something about Luo Zheng.
The pair of black eyes in the black water also showed signs of anxiety.
This person had been hiding here for so many years. Although his strength had greatly increased and he'd mastered a few powerful techniques, he still couldn't escape.
Under these circumstances, he couldn't save Luo Zheng.
Unless Luo Zheng could descend into the black water …
However, the spear shadows were weaving together. If Luo Zheng landed like this, he would most likely become a corpse full of holes.
Under the watchful eyes of Emperor Han Qing and Black-Eye, a flower of blood bloomed from Luo Zheng's chest.
Then his legs, waist, head, abdomen …
"Pfft pfft pfft pfft..."
Countless flowers of blood bloomed.
Just as his black eyes were filled with disappointment, Emperor Hanqing suddenly thought of something.
The wounds on Luo Zheng's body disappeared in an instant. What Qing King and Black-Eye saw was like an illusion. It didn't even exist in this world.
"Whoosh!"
Emperor Han Qing waved his arm again, using the Taihe Divine Spear to stab Luo Zheng …
But it was too late.
"Splash!"
Accompanied by the sound of water splashing, Luo Zheng fell into the black water.
"Pfff pfff pfff pfff pfff …"
When Luo Zheng fell into the black water, countless spear shadows had already touched the surface of the black water.
If this were an ordinary body of water, Emperor Han Qing's spear would've created a raging wave that would've pierced all the way to the bottom.
Dozens of spear stabs would've been enough to overturn an entire ocean …
But every time his spear stabbed into the black water, it was like a viscous glue. Only faint ripples could be seen on its surface.
And as he stabbed deeper and deeper, a strange power spread out from the black water. It seemed to be fighting with Emperor Han Qing for the spear.
Every time he stabbed, the power would double!
In the last few thrusts, the power of the spear had already surpassed that of Emperor Han Qing.
Emperor Han Qing had no choice but to give up on stabbing into the black water. If he failed to kill Luo Zheng, his Taihe Divine Spear would've been taken away by the black water!
However, the fact that Luo Zheng knew his secret was still a huge worry!
He flew around the black water for a while, then said coldly, "Don't let me see you in the Abyss of Demons. If you show yourself, I'll kill you!"
The black water was like a giant pool of stagnant water.
If one used their divine sense to scan the black water, they'd find it to be absolutely calm. There wasn't the slightest ripple. It was very strange.
If one wanted to use their divine sense to scan the water, it was impossible.
No matter how powerful one's Divine Sense was, it would be devoured by the black water once it came into contact with it.
Emperor Han Qing sensed the problem with the black water and didn't want to stay here any longer. He tossed the Taihe Divine Spear into the air.
After the black spear disappeared into the void, it fled towards the west of the Black Water Domain.
Within the black water …
Luo Zheng felt like he was being pulled down by a hand, constantly descending.
At the same time, he heard a dry voice, "What … is your name?"
In fact, both sides had guessed the identity of the other.
But now it was time to verify it …
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng said with a Quintessential Sound Transmission.
When Luo Zheng said this, the hand holding Luo Zheng suddenly shook, then asked, "You're from the Great Evolution Realm?"
Luo Zheng said with a smile, "You're Chen Huang Yijian? The master of Slaughter Sword Mountain! "
Strictly speaking, Chen Huang Yijian could be considered Luo Zheng's half master. After all, the Yi God Sword was passed down from him.
The other party was silent for a while. Then, he chuckled. That laughter was full of vicissitudes of life, as if the depression that had been brewing for countless years had finally disappeared completely.

Chapter 2413
Before, Luo Zheng was surrounded by thick black water, so he naturally couldn't see Chen Huang Yijian.
But after coming to this space, Luo Zheng really saw Chen Huang Yijian's true body … …
This Yi Jian Tianzun was unkempt and unkempt, and his clothes were tattered, like a beggar.
He couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as the Chen Huang Yijian that Luo Zheng saw in the Emperor's Corridor.
The only similarity between the two was that pair of sharp black eyes. This pair of black eyes were like gems, flashing with a dark light.
"It shouldn't be the first time you've seen me," Chen Huang Yijian said as he turned back.
Luo Zheng said, "I once saw you in the Emperor's Corridor in the Illusion Battlefield."
Chen Huang Yijian nodded slightly, that was a soul imprint he had left behind.
But the soul imprint he left behind at that time was not as good as Yu Shenfeng's, so Yu Shenfeng's soul in the Immortal Mansion was stimulated and knew of Luo Zheng's existence, but Chen Huang Yijian didn't know before.
Chen Huang Yijian stared at Luo Zheng and continued to ask, "Who are you to the Firmament Sacred Sect?"
Although Chen Huang Yijian already had an eighty to ninety percent answer to Luo Zheng's identity, he still had to confirm it.
"Luo Xiao is my father," Luo Zheng replied.
"Sure enough … …" Chen Huang Yijian said matter-of-factly, "Then in the Emperor's Corridor, you didn't take me as your master?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Before that, I had already taken North Sage as my master."
"That should be the case. Among the ten Dao Children after me, you are the most important one. North Sage's Immortal Mansion was left for you … …" Chen Huang Yijian murmured.
When Chen Huang Yijian was still a Celestial Venerable, he didn't know about the Immortal Mansion's existence.
When he knew about the Dao Children's plan, Chen Huang Yijian had already reached the Divine Realm.
Luo Zheng sized up the surrounding space. This space was very narrow and round. The outermost layer of the space was still slowly fluctuating. He asked, "Have you been living in the Sea of Meditation all these years?"
Chen Huang Yijian bitterly smiled, "It should be said that we live in this narrow bubble. In the Black Water Domain, there are only four bubbles like this … If we live outside the bubble, we will be swallowed by the unknown sooner or later!"
"Those 'unknown things' can't enter the bubble?" Luo Zheng asked.
Chen Huang Yijian nods, "Not only those 'unknown things', even other demons cannot enter this bubble. This bubble only belongs to me."
Back then, when Chen Huang Yijian was running all the way in the Abyss Devil Domain, it was also by chance that he entered the Black Water Region.
The monster that was chasing after Chen Huang Yijian was too powerful. With Chen Huang Yijian's strength, he was unable to fight back. He could only dive into the black waters.
Unexpectedly, those ferocious creatures were extremely afraid of the black water. Not a single one of them chased after them …
But Chen Huang Yijian quickly encountered the 'unknown fear' in the black water.
The fear released by those 'unknown things' could not be resisted at all!
Everyone would make a different choice under extreme fear …
Some people would tremble like an ostrich, staying in place and not daring to escape.
Just like Luo Zheng, under extreme fear, he would prepare a full-strength attack in an attempt to eliminate the source of this fear.
But Chen Huang Yijian chose to escape.
In this sticky black water, it was also due to luck that he safely escaped from the mouths of those 'unknown things'. In the end, he actually drilled into a bubble.
This bubble was the space where Luo Zheng was.
"Later, I learned that these bubbles were created by the demons after spending a lot of effort. They want to cultivate in the Black Water Domain. Without the protection of these bubbles, they will die without a doubt," Chen Huang Yijian said as he reached out and gently tapped the edge of the bubble.
A wisp of black water was dragged into the bubble. With a gentle twist of his finger, this wisp of black water was repelled outside the bubble. He shook his head and smiled bitterly. "Until now, I still don't know how the demons made these bubbles. This race is too talented …"
"Are there no other demons who came to trouble you?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
After all, the Black Water Region belonged to the Abyss Demon Realm. How could the demons just watch Chen Huang Yijian occupy their things?
"Of course there are," Chen Huang Yijian shrugged. "Unfortunately, these bubbles have been refined by me. Other than cursing outside, what can they do to me?"
These bubbles should be regarded as some kind of special space magic treasure.
After the most powerful demons obtained this water-repelling magic treasure, they used the Black Water Region as their own cultivation place.
At that time, they thought that it was difficult for others to enter the Abyss Demon Realm, let alone enter the black water, so they did not refine these bubbles …
Very accidentally, Chen Huang Yijian took advantage of this loophole.
"There was a period of time when I was annoyed by the cursing. I had to plant a divine pattern to resist the outside Divine Sense," Chen Huang Yijian smiled helplessly. "So if this bubble hadn't given me a place to live, I'm afraid I would have been reincarnated …"
"Reincarnated?" Hearing Chen Huang Yijian's words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. "You can reincarnate?"
Chen Huang Yijian nodded slightly. With a gentle flick of his hand, a green light bloomed in his hand.
It was a sparkling green butterfly!
Although Luo Zheng had never seen this butterfly, he still called out the butterfly's name. "This is a green scale butterfly! I didn't expect it to be in your hands! "
"You have been to the place of reincarnation," Chen Huang Yijian said.
"Well, I was transferred from the place of reincarnation to the Abyss Demon Realm," Luo Zheng said.
There were three altars in the place of reincarnation …
Previously, Luo Zheng was puzzled. There were no statues on the other two altars, so he didn't know where the green scale butterfly and the flaming blood eagle were. He didn't expect that one of them was in Chen Huang Yijian's hands!
Chen Huang Yijian, who was hiding here, had no other cultivation resources. His cultivation method was similar to Han Liusu's. He used the green scale butterfly to get close to the flame of memory, and absorbed the cultivation memories in the flame of memory little by little. Only then did he have his current quasi-sage cultivation step by step.
"Why were you chased by Emperor Han Qing and the others when you were transferred from the place of reincarnation to the Abyss Demon Realm?" Chen Huang Yijian was somewhat puzzled.
Although Chen Huang Yijian had the green scale butterfly, he couldn't use it at will like Luo Zheng. He couldn't search the flame of memory, and couldn't always know the movements of the Divine Realm.
Luo Zheng told Chen Huang Yijian some of the information he knew.

Chapter 2414
"Opportunity? What opportunity? "Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of confusion.
Chen Huang Yijian's eyes glowed.
Sword cultivators were very stubborn. Once they decided on something, they would definitely do it.
Chen Huang Yijian used to be righteous, but after being corroded by the black water for so many years, not only was his body damaged, even his temperament became more stubborn.
"A chance to control the Abyss Demon Area."
Chen Huang Yijian raised his eyebrows and looked at Luo Zheng up and down. "In this perfect opportunity, a perfect candidate has appeared. This is simply fate's arrangement!"
Chen Huang Yijian was already a quasi saint and couldn't control the forbidden area. Even if such an opportunity appeared, he couldn't grasp it.
And Luo Zheng was a perfect paragon. Naturally, he was very suitable!
"Control the Abyss Demon Area …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
This time, not only were there many saints and quasi saints, there were also many perfect true gods. Hua Tianming, Mu Xuerong, and the others had all come …
Their goal was to use one of them to control the Abyss Demon Area.
Just now, Luo Zheng had fought with the three sons of the Han Family. With the help of 9527, he had removed the bindings of Han Liusu and Han Chuyue. But Han Cangyan had quickly escaped. Emperor Han Qing must have wanted to leave one person behind to control this place.
The Abyss Demon Area was the head of the forbidden areas. If he could control it, it would be a great help.
"But to take control of the Abyss Demon Area from the hands of Dongfang Chunjun and Emperor Han Qing, I'm afraid it won't be that easy." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The other side had dozens of saints and quasi saints. There was no way to fight them head-on.
Other things aside …
If it wasn't for the black water and Chen Huang Yijian's protection, Luo Zheng would have been dead. Unless he used the Hermit ability to escape, he might not have been able to escape.
"Emperor Han Qing is very strong. Dongfang Chunjun is also very strong. But we don't have to fight them head-on," Chen Huang Yijian said. "Even if we have no choice, we might still be able to fight them head-on!"
"Being trapped in the Meditation Sea, your strength has indeed improved greatly. There aren't many people in the Realm of the Gods who can directly block Emperor Hanqing," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
Emperor Hanqing's strength was already at the peak of the Saints' level.
Although he had not seen his true strength, he should not be too far off from Dongfang Chunjun.
Even among the saints, Emperor Hanqing was a top figure. But Chen Huang Yijian was only a quasi-saint, yet he had such strength. Even Luo Zheng was quite surprised.
One had to know that Chen Huang Yijian was only a "secondary creature" that had walked out of the universe, and Luo Xiao was only a Saint.
Chen Huang Yijian shook his head slightly and said, "This is also within the Abyssal Demon Region. If it was outside the Abyssal Demon Region, I would not be able to match Emperor Hanqing."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"You have been to the Slaughtering Sword Mountain before. Do you know my cultivation method back then?" Chen Huangyi asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Using the Slaughtering Sword Mountain to absorb evil energy, using evil energy to suppress emotions, using it to cut emotions …"
The real Cutting Emotions Divine Path definitely could not be cultivated using this method. That was just Chen Huang Yijian's helplessness in the Dayan Universe, but it was still an extremely exquisite move.
Luo Zheng had also benefited greatly from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. It was also because of this trip that he formed a connection with Xun.
"I relied on the Jade Scale Butterfly to increase my cultivation, forming the One Thought Sword Realm and becoming a quasi-saint … but this strength was still not enough in the Abyssal Demon Region." Chen Huang Yijian said, "Later I thought of another method, a method similar to the Slaughtering Sword Mountain!"
For a Perfect True God to become a quasi-saint, they must cultivate their own heaven and earth. This heaven and earth were fundamentally different from the inner world.
For example, Aunt Hanjiu used the Purple Cloud Divine Path to create the Purple Sky Absolute Land, while Chen Huang Yijian created the One Thought Sword Realm.
Whether it was the Purple Sky Absolute Land or the One Thought Sword Realm, a part of it could be projected into the Realm of the Gods.
"The method of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain? Could it be that you created another Slaughtering Sword Mountain here? "Luo Zheng was somewhat puzzled.
The baleful aura in the Realm of the Gods was not considered powerful. Other than the Killing God Path which could be slightly used, the other Divine Paths could not be used.
"How is that possible?" Chen Huang Yijian laughed. "You can think of the Meditation Sea as a Slaughtering Sword Mountain! After becoming a quasi-saint, I refined 128 swords and inserted them into the Meditation Sea, allowing them to absorb the power of the entire Meditation Sea for my own use! "
The Slaughtering Sword Mountain used swords to transmit the baleful aura within.
The Meditation Sea originally contained a primordial Terror power. Chen Huangyi had used his original idea to use the primordial Terror power of the Meditation Sea as baneful aura.
"So it's like this …" Luo Zheng's eyes shone.
He was indeed puzzled before. Chen Huang Yijian was only a quasi-saint, how could he block Emperor Hanqing's spear …
The Emotion Severing Divine Path might be one reason, but the deeper reason was probably the "Meditation Sea".
"Young Master also entered the Dao through the Emotion Severing Divine Path. Although you have not cultivated the One Thought Sword Domain, you can still use the power of the Meditation Sea. I can help you set up a sword formation," Chen Huang Yijian suddenly said.
Chen Huang Yijian called Luo Zheng "Young Master", which made Luo Zheng feel slightly strange.
Luo Zheng did not know what the relationship between Chen Huang Yijian and his father was. Was "Chen Huang Yijian" also one of the Daoists, or was he a Daoist of the previous generation?
But these were all trivial matters, so Luo Zheng naturally did not ask.
"I can also set up a sword formation?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
According to Chen Huang Yijian, this primordial Fear Force could only be used in the Abyss Demon Realm, but it was enough.
Now that the path to the sixth floor was closed, Luo Zheng could not leave.
If it was really like what Chen Huang Yijian said, to find a way to take control of the Abyss Demon Realm from the Wealthy Alliance, strengthening himself would become very necessary …
"If Young Master is willing, of course you can." Chen Huang Yijian nodded.
With that, he took a step forward and came to the center of the bubble …
He stretched out his hand and gently patted, and a long table lay horizontally in the bubble.
Then Chen Huang Yijian gently swiped, accompanied by a burst of "ding ding ding ding" sounds. Long swords of different styles and different lengths appeared on the long table.
"It's just that the quality of these long swords is poor. I'm afraid they can't withstand the corrosion of the Meditation Sea." Chen Huang Yijian's face showed a trace of helplessness.
Although there were countless longswords in his One Thought Sword Domain, they could only be projected when he used the One Thought Sword Domain. It was impossible for him to directly take out the divine domain. If he took out the longswords from the sword domain, they would also be reduced to Quintessential Essence.

Chapter 2415
As a swordsman, Chen Huang Yijian was obsessed with all kinds of treasured swords.
But he had not been in the Realm of the Gods for long, and he only had three long swords that could be called grandmist treasures.
However, grandmist treasures were also divided into high and low. His three long swords were also considered ordinary.
Apart from these three long swords, the other long swords were also ordinary objects in the Realm of the Gods. It was not difficult for ordinary Gods to obtain one.
"I only have these. I wonder if Young Master has a spare sword?" Chen Huang Yijian looked back at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Naturally," Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
Then he imitated Chen Huang Yijian and walked to the long table. At the same time, he reached out and gently touched the Sumeru Ring in his hand.
Long swords were taken out of the Sumeru Ring and scattered on the long table.
From the Realm of the Gods to the Desolate Bone Land, Luo Zheng did not deliberately collect those treasures.
But if there were spoils of war, he would still quietly put them away, and wait until he had time to slowly organize them.
Some ordinary objects that did not catch his eye, he directly threw them away.
Just like some ordinary grandmist treasures, he even left them in the Immortal Mansion …
Even so, the number of magic treasures he had accumulated over the years was still not small.
"Clang clang clang clang clang …"
Long swords slipped out of the Sumeru Ring on Luo Zheng's fingertips.
When Chen Huang Yijian saw those long swords, his eyes suddenly went wide!
"Grandmist treasures!"
"There are dozens of long swords, all of them are grandmist treasures …"
"This brown long sword seems to be a chaos treasure! What is the name of this sword? "
Looking at Chen Huang Yijian's excited expression, Luo Zheng showed a helpless expression and only replied, "I don't remember …"
This brown long sword should have been taken out from the Sumeru Ring of some Desolate God. He naturally did not know its name.
In any case, this fellow was a quasi-saint …
According to Chen Huang Yijian's current strength, these things were simply scrap metal to him. Why was he so excited?!
Luo Zheng's idea was not wrong.
With Chen Huang Yijian's current cultivation and strength, these swords were not worth his attention.
However, when Chen Huang Yijian stepped into the Divine Realm, it was when the Luo Family was on the verge of collapse. He didn't stay for too long before he was forced to flee into the Abyssal Demon Domain …
Only if he had the chance to collect all kinds of treasured swords in God's Domain!
However, Chen Huang Yijian himself was a sword maniac. Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly throw out these swords, his eyes naturally lit up.
Chen Huangyi said 128 long swords. Luo Zheng took out more than 100 long swords from his spatial ring and stacked them on the table.
"Is this enough?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course it's enough!" Chen Huang Yijian stretched out his hand and stroked one of the swords. It was a sword that Luo Zheng had obtained from the Sword Race. The Sword Race loved the way of the sword, so their sword-making techniques were naturally extraordinary. It immediately attracted Chen Huang Yijian's attention. "Can you gift this sword to me?"
"If you like it, you can take it." Luo Zheng nodded with a smile.
Chen Huang Yijian's face under his disheveled hair suddenly revealed a child-like smile. True love for swords, to this point …
"Do I have to refine these swords one by one?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Chen Huang Yijian nodded. "I'll help you refine them. Later, when these swords are pierced into the Meditation Sea, you can activate them!"
As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and gently patted the table.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
All the swords jumped up from the table.
One of Chen Huangyi's hands moved rapidly, leaving a thumb-sized imprint on the hilt of each sword.
In less than ten breaths of time, Chen Huang Yijian was ready.
He said to Luo Zheng, "Take these swords and follow me into the Black Water."
"Still want to enter the Black Water?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Although under Chen Huang Yijian's description, he had a general understanding of the Meditation Sea.
But the "unknown things" hidden in the Black Water, as well as the primitive fear power, still made Luo Zheng uncomfortable.
Sensing Luo Zheng's mood, Chen Huang Yijian smiled. "Don't worry, now we have already sneaked into the depths of the Meditation Sea."
"The depths of the Meditation Sea? There are no 'unknown things' here? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"No … it can be said that they are everywhere," Chen Huang Yijian replied.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Naturally, we have to rely on this thing," Chen Huang Yijian said, suddenly taking out a triangular gold nugget.
Chen Huang Yijian gently brushed the surface of the gold nugget. The surface of the gold nugget seemed to burn, blooming with dazzling golden light that reflected in the entire bubble. Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian's faces seemed to be plated with a layer of gold powder, very dazzling.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a trace of warmth from this gold nugget.
"This warm current … I felt it before," Luo Zheng said as he looked at the gold nugget.
Chen Huang Yijian nodded. "Previously, your state of mind was suppressed by fear, so I used the 'Grass Flame Gold' to help you get rid of it. When walking in the upper level of the Meditation Sea, you don't need this thing, but I will take you to set up the sword array, so naturally, this thing is indispensable."
This Grass Flame Gold was also a kind of strange object born in the Meditation Sea …
At the bottom of the Meditation Sea, there were some extremely powerful "unknown things" everywhere. When encountering these "unknown things", even the most powerful demons would die without a doubt.
But these "unknown things" were extremely afraid of the light emitted by the Grass Flame Gold.
As long as the light of the Grass Flame Gold was not extinguished, walking on the bottom of the sea would not be hindered.
"Follow me closely!"
Chen Huang Yijian said as he walked out of the bubble with the Grass Flame Gold in his hand.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently brushed the long table. The long swords refined by Chen Huang Yijian were put into his Sumeru Ring one after another.
"Gudong …"
Luo Zheng followed closely behind Chen Huang Yijian and once again drilled into the viscous black water.
Previously, when Luo Zheng descended, he could not see his five fingers in front of him.
But this time, after Chen Huang Yijian activated the Grass Flame Gold, the golden light of the Grass Flame Gold spread out in the black water and illuminated an area of about ten feet!
"Don't leave the light of the Grass Flame Gold. These unknown things are very sensitive. They will slowly gather and follow behind us. Once you leave the range of this golden light, they will attack together!" Chen Huang Yijian said.
"Didn't you say that these 'unknown things' have no form? Then how do you know they attacked? "Luo Zheng thought of this and asked.
Chen Huang Yijian thought for a while before answering, "Once, I was chased by demons in the Meditation Sea … The demon's Grass Flame Gold was burned out. When the golden light was extinguished, it naturally attracted those 'unknown things'."
Speaking of this matter, Chen Huang Yijian seemed to have a lingering fear. Even demons were extremely afraid of these unknown things.

Chapter 2416
The light emitted by the Grass Flame Gold was extremely strong, but it could not spread far in the black water.
However, the primitive fear power in the undercurrent had been dispelled by the golden light emitted by the Grass Flame Gold. Luo Zheng naturally did not feel the slightest discomfort.
"Gudong, gudong …"
As they continued to dive in the black water, the undercurrents became more and more intense.
Some of the undercurrents actually went straight to Luo Zheng, wanting to sweep Luo Zheng away from Chen Huang Yijian.
"Hurry up, these guys are eyeing us covetously. If you are swept away, you will lose your life," Chen Huang Yijian said.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed closely behind Chen Huang Yijian.
The two of them seemed to be moving forward in a dark forest, only relying on the light of the gold to carefully move forward. If the light of the gold was extinguished, they would immediately be swallowed by the greedy beasts.
Chen Huang Yijian's bubble was suspended in the middle of the Meditation Sea.
The depth of the Meditation Sea was obviously beyond Luo Zheng's expectations …
Their speed wasn't slow, but it still took them an hour to reach the bottom.
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally felt his feet touch the bottom of the sea.
When Luo Zheng released his Divine Sense, he found that there was a huge trench in front of him. He did not know how far this trench extended down.
Fortunately, Chen Huang Yijian said, "We're here, the first sword can be inserted there."
Chen Huang Yijian pointed to the side of the trench …
Luo Zheng's Divine Sense followed the direction Chen Huang Yijian pointed to and soon found a sharp sword inserted into the surface of the trench.
"Okay!"
Luo Zheng obediently took out a long sword.
According to Chen Huang Yijian's demonstration, he activated the mark at the bottom of the long sword and then threw the long sword towards the surface of the trench!
"Gulu gulu …"
Although the black water was very viscous and this place was in the deep waters, the water pressure was very high.
But it could not withstand Luo Zheng's strength. The long sword flew towards the trench with a string of bubbles!
"Dong!"
After a while, a muffled sound was heard.
Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian's Divine Senses simultaneously swept towards the long sword. The long sword was already firmly inserted into the body of the sword. Soon after, Chen Huang Yijian gave Luo Zheng a thumbs up, indicating that Luo Zheng had done a good job.
The sword had been refined by Chen Huangyi. After being activated by Luo Zheng and inserted into the trench, it formed a subtle connection with Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng smiled, and then scattered his Divine Sense upward …
Previously, he had not released his divine sense because he was afraid of those unknown things. Now that Chen Huangyi's sword did not stop him, it meant that there was no danger in releasing his divine sense.
"Eh?"
Under Luo Zheng's probing, the area above him was empty. Other than the black water, there was nothing else!
This was completely different from what Luo Zheng felt.
It must be known that he and Chen Huangyi's sword had attracted many unknown things to follow them.
According to Luo Zheng's inference, these unknown things were of different sizes, flying back and forth above his head. Some of the larger unknown things were still tirelessly creating intense undercurrents, trying to roll Luo Zheng out of the range of the golden light of the "Grass Flame Gold".
But in his Divine Sense, they did not exist at all?
"As I said, there is no way to detect the existence of these 'unknown things' because they themselves are the 'unknown fear'. So you can only feel their existence, but you can't prove their existence …" Chen Huangyi noticed Luo Zheng's suspicion and explained to Luo Zheng.
"Can't prove their existence …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He did not know the meaning of the existence of the Sea of Meditation. Did it have a special function like the Land of Reincarnation, or was it just a dangerous place?
After the first long sword was inserted, the triangular "Grass Flame Gold" was almost "burned", from the size of a fist to the size of a thumb.
The range of the golden light also shrunk from a few feet to a few feet.
Luo Zheng also clearly felt that the "unknown things" hidden in the black water were getting closer …
Chen Huangyi took out another "Grass Flame Gold" from the Sumeru Ring and gently rubbed it. The light of the second "Grass Flame Gold" suddenly brightened.
At the same time, he threw another "Grass Flame Gold" to Luo Zheng. "Take this" Grass Flame Gold "in case you need it …"
Luo Zheng nodded. After putting away the "Grass Flame Gold", he walked along the trench to the left.
But just as he took two steps, Luo Zheng felt that the black water in front of him suddenly transmitted a strong spiral!
"Hualala …"
A stream of water spiraled straight toward Luo Zheng.
This spiral of water was extraordinarily powerful, and its speed was also incomparably fast!
When Luo Zheng reacted, the spiral of water had already wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. His whole body was constantly spiraling with the current, and at the same time, he was pushed back by the current!
"Oh no!"
Seeing this scene, Chen Huangyi's complexion suddenly changed.
Once Luo Zheng was pushed out of the range of the "Grass Flame Gold" by the spiral of water, he would undoubtedly die!
At the same time that Luo Zheng was being swept away, Chen Huangyi's body twisted and was also swept up by the spiral of water.
In this way, the two of them flew together in the water, and the speed of their retreat was also the same. And Luo Zheng was also shrouded in the golden light of the "Grass Flame Gold" …
"Hualala …"
After the spiral of water pushed Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi more than ten li away, the power of the spiral began to weaken, and Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi broke free from the water.
"The power of this water is so strong, what is it?" Luo Zheng curiously asked.
The power in the water was very weak! Especially in this viscous black water, it was difficult to exert any kind of power.
Even if one had the strength of ten thousand catties, in this black water, they would only be able to exert one thousand catties of power …
Even if Luo Zheng went all out, he would not be able to create such a powerful spiral of water.
"It is also an unknown thing," Chen Huangyi looked at the darkness with a serious face, "But this unknown thing is very powerful. The Demons call this unknown thing 'Evil'! We are in trouble … "
Evil …
Luo Zheng chewed on this word, and then said, "Since this thing is also an unknown thing, it should also be afraid of the Grass Flame Gold, right?"
"Of course," Chen Huangyi said in a deep voice, "But this thing is too powerful. Once it has its eyes on you, even with the protection of the Grass Flame Gold, it will be difficult to escape from its hands!"
As soon as Chen Huangyi's voice fell, he stretched out his hand and suddenly pulled Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Xiu!"
This time, an extremely fine spiral of water flew over, passing over Luo Zheng's head.
If it were not for Chen Huangyi's pull, this needle of water would have penetrated Luo Zheng's head …

Chapter 2417
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly, and he felt that the water in the distance was constantly gathering into tiny spirals.
These tiny spirals were like slender needles. After gathering, they shot toward the two of them!
"Let's go!"
The two of them reminded each other at the same time, then turned their heads and continued to move forward in the black water.
"Water Controlling Cloud!"
The Taoist Connotation in Luo Zheng's body bloomed.
This was the Water Controlling Technique of the Li Water Divine Dao. It formed a smooth water film on the surface of his body.
Although it was greatly reduced in the black water, it could still speed up Luo Zheng's escape.
Chen Huangyi's escape speed was not slow at this moment, but those tiny spirals were faster!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
There were hundreds of tiny spirals behind them. These spirals seemed to weave into a fine fishing net, enveloping the two of them.
"Wah wah …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng heard a baby-like cry coming from the black water.
"This cry …"
"It's the sound of evil laughter, like the cry of a three-year-old child." Chen Huangyi's expression was solemn.
The Meditation Sea was also an extremely vast area.
It was not easy to encounter Evil Sin.
Chen Huangyi had been hiding in the black water for so many years, but he had only encountered it twice.
He was lucky to escape once, and the other time he encountered evil, he was lured away by the demons.
This was the first time Luo Zheng stepped into the Meditation Sea, and he actually encountered evil. His luck was too bad.
"Whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, the spirals approached Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi.
The two of them drew their swords at the same time and attacked at the same time!
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
In the black water, any power would be greatly reduced.
When Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword, the sword light became very weak under the suppression of the black water, and the speed at which it flew out became extremely slow!
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the sword-light that was slowly spreading.
In contrast, the sword light slashed out by Chen Huangyi was much stronger than that of Luo Zheng.
The sword light he slashed out was very fine, and nearly half of the power Chen Huangyi controlled came from the primordial fear power in the black water. The situation was naturally different!
"Puff, puff, puff …"
When the sword light and the spiral water flow collided, they annihilated each other, creating a large number of bubbles.
Luo Zheng only slashed out three times with his sword, barely breaking seven or eight of the spiraling water streams.
And Chen Huangyi's sword lightly slashed out twelve times!
As the 12 thin lines spread out, they forcibly cut off 30 to 40 streams of water!
With the two of them working together, they forcibly broke through the cage formed by the spiral water flow and rushed out from the side.
"Keep going!"
Chen Huang Yijian and Luo Zheng were running underwater.
The baby's cries continued to ring above their heads. The more he cried, the more hoarse it became. It was very annoying.
"Don't you think it's a bit absurd that something that can't be proven can be so powerful?" Luo Zheng asked while flying.
"I have also thought about this problem …" Chen Huang Yijian shook his head and said.
These "unknown things" were fundamentally different from those monsters.
Although demons and other monsters were not "living beings" of real value, they were also formed from the power of faith. They could be seen and touched in the Abyss Demon Realm.
However, these "unknown things" could not prove their existence at all, but they could kill people. What was the reason for this?
"Since they can attack, this proves their existence," Luo Zheng said as he looked up at the black water. "It's just that we can't find them!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Countless fine spiraling water streams appeared again, enveloping the two of them from above.
"Left!"
It was just an evil's attack. The two of them could resolve it.
Although they could not kill the evil, they just needed to break these spiraling water streams …
Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi attacked the left at the same time, cutting off dozens of spiraling water streams on the left, and rushed out again.
"You mean … we can't find them?" Chen Huangyi's eyes lit up slightly.
Chen Huangyi had lived in the Meditation Sea for many years. On the one hand, it was to hide, and on the other hand, it was to cultivate.
He always felt that the Meditation Sea was not that simple …
After all, the demons also attached great importance to this place.
Moreover, when he encountered the evil at that time, he found that the demons attached great importance to the "evil". They even did not hesitate to let a demon die to lead the evil away from Chen Huangyi!
These demons were extremely selfish. It was absolutely impossible for them to have a conscience and want to keep Chen Huangyi alive.
In fact, the demons were willing to seize any opportunity to get rid of Chen Huangyi.
So the demons' attitude at that time was very problematic …
"Yes, we just lack a way to find them," Luo Zheng was also thinking.
"Three hundred feet to the left, you can insert the second long sword," Chen Huangyi suddenly said at this time.
It turned out that being chased by the evil all the way, they had reached the second place where the sword array was arranged.
Although the two of them were still in danger, with only one evil, they would not die.
Luo Zheng released his Divine Thought and gently scanned, capturing the position of the sword that Chen Huangyi had inserted.
Without any hesitation, he threw out another long sword. With a crisp "ka" sound, the long sword pierced into the stone crack again …
"Let's stop here today. Let's go back to the bubble first," Chen Huangyi said.
Other "unknown things" were fine. At most, they would only disturb them a little.
But under the pursuit of this evil, they would lose their lives if they were not careful. It was better to avoid it for today.
"Okay!"
Luo Zheng nodded, and the two of them escaped upward.
But just as the two of them changed direction, a strange "wah wah wah" sound came from above again.
This time, the strange "wah wah wah" sound came one after another. Obviously, many evil appeared above them …
The two of them suddenly became extremely ugly!
"What should we do …"
Luo Zheng's voice was not transmitted out yet.
Countless spiral currents appeared in the black water …
These spiraling streams of water were like raindrops, shooting downwards.
Rain in the water was a wonder, but Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi naturally were not in the mood to appreciate it.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
As a dense spiral of water flowed downwards, it actually separated Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi's swords.
"Pu!"
One of the spiral currents hit Luo Zheng's arm. He only felt a sharp pain, and a small round hole suddenly appeared on his arm.
This current even drilled through Luo Zheng's bones!
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only keep retreating.
And he kept retreating until he was out of the range of the golden light of the "Grass Flame Gold"!

Chapter 2418
Luo Zheng was immediately submerged by the primitive power of fear contained in the undercurrent.
Even though Luo Zheng could not detect the existence of those unknown things with his Divine Sense, Luo Zheng could still feel that they were rapidly approaching!
Chen Huang Yijian had also said that even the best demons were no match for these unknown things. Even Sages would die without a doubt …
Luo Zheng's current strength was naturally unable to resist them!
Those unknown things were extremely fast, and a strong sense of fear was transmitted through the undercurrent.
Luo Zheng's heart kept beating wildly, and he felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar. Even moving became very difficult for him.
Moreover, Chen Huang Yijian was getting farther and farther away from Luo Zheng. The golden light had completely disappeared, and only endless darkness and endless fear surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Grass Pyrogold!"
Chen Huang Yijian had given a piece of Grass Pyrogold to Luo Zheng in case of accidents. Now was the time to put it to use.
A small piece of gold jumped into Luo Zheng's palm!
Although Luo Zheng's body was as stiff as a statue, he still gritted his teeth and drew out a wisp of Taoist Connotation from his Inner World, forcing it into the piece of Grass Pyrogold …
"Buzz …"
The moment the Grass Pyrogold was activated, it had a wonderful reaction with the energy of Taoist Connotation.
A warm current instantly swept Luo Zheng's body, and the primitive power of fear was immediately expelled.
"Hualala …"
The "unknown things" that had gathered around were afraid of the golden light and quickly retreated in all directions …
According to Luo Zheng's perception, the closest "unknown thing" to him was probably less than a foot away!
"That was close!"
Luo Zheng held the piece of Grass Pyrogold in his hand, and a trace of luck appeared on his face.
However, the golden light emitted by the Grass Pyrogold could only prevent those unknown things from approaching. Those evil things hidden in the black water did not leave!
"Waaa …"
Along with the sound of a baby crying, a powerful spiral of water poured down in torrents.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's head suddenly thrust forward, and a huge force pushed him back.
At the same time, he used "Flowing Cloud Imperial Water", and his speed suddenly increased explosively, like a swordfish charging forward!
"Swish …"
Luo Zheng managed to rush out before those spiraling water currents hit him.
But in this black water, it was pitch-black in all directions. Luo Zheng simply could not find any way out.
"What do we do now?"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng sent out a true essence sound transmission.
The distance between Chen Huang Yijian and Luo Zheng was not far. Chen Huang Yijian could still hear his voice.
"Up! I will draw away the other evildoers! "
Chen Huang Yijian only gave such a suggestion …
Now, he could only let Luo Zheng leave the Black Water Domain and wait for Chen Huang Yijian to escape from the crisis, then he would find Luo Zheng.
This was a very helpless choice, but they had no other choice.
Even though Dongfang Chunjun was well prepared, he was still overwhelmed by a swarm of Soul Devouring Insects and a group of imps.
After all, this was the Abyss Demon Domain, after all, it was the Meditation Sea.
"Up …"
Above his head, there were still needle-like spiraling water currents hitting down.
That evildoer was definitely above Luo Zheng's head. According to the direction of these spiraling water currents, Luo Zheng could even roughly determine the direction of the evildoer.
But what was the use?
This "evildoer" was just an "unknown thing" with a name. They were just a mass of fear, a kind of mood. He could not fight back at all …
"Fight!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already made a decision.
These spiraling water currents were indeed powerful. If they rushed into his mind, he was afraid that his soul would be shattered.
However, Luo Zheng still had a huge reliance on him. It was the Hermit's "Wind and Cloud Escape". He believed that before he faced death, the Wind and Cloud Escape could allow him to escape.
This was also one of the reasons why Luo Zheng dared to face it head-on!
"Swish!"
Luo Zheng twisted his body and rushed up vertically at a ninety degree angle.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
A little bit of fine water currents condensed and poured down.
"Yi Shen's Sword!"
Suddenly, the Chengying Sword was held horizontally, and sword rays shot up.
After defeating several spiraling water currents, Luo Zheng actually passed through the first wave of the evildoer's attack!
Luo Zheng was slightly delighted. It seemed that there was still a chance for him to rush out …
He was rising at an extremely fast speed. The second wave of the evildoer's attack was very likely to come from a parallel direction, or even from below.
However, just as Luo Zheng made this judgment, a little bit of spiraling water currents gathered above his head again.
The evildoer's flying speed in the black water was much faster than Luo Zheng had imagined. Even though Luo Zheng was rising at an extremely fast speed, the evildoer was always above Luo Zheng's head.
"The second wave of attack …"
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, and he slashed out several more times with his sword.
This time, Luo Zheng's luck was not so good. The spiraling water currents shooting down were thin and dense, and they almost perfectly avoided Luo Zheng's sword rays!
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Dozens of spiraling water currents instantly hit Luo Zheng's shoulders, arms, and legs …
"Crack crack crack crack …"
Under the attack of the spiraling water currents, Luo Zheng's bones were directly drilled through.
Dozens of spiraling water currents hit him at the same time, and the bones in his limbs were actually shattered!
"These water currents seem to be aiming at my limbs?"
After being hit by the spiraling water currents, Luo Zheng had such an illusion in his mind.
After all, he was counting on the Hermit Theurgy to be activated, so he noticed this point.
That evildoer seemed to have no intention of killing him?
While Luo Zheng was doubting himself, he heard a "Hua Hua" sound coming from above his head. It was the sound of water currents and bubbles rubbing against each other.
Obviously, a huge water current was sweeping down …
However, Luo Zheng's limbs were broken, and he was far less agile than before. Even though Luo Zheng's body had an amazing recovery ability, he still needed some time to recover.
"Hua!"
After a while, a huge water current rolled him up.
This water current was not lethal, but as the water current kept rolling down, Luo Zheng's whole body involuntarily began to sink!
"Where is this taking me?"
Luo Zheng held the piece of Grass Flame Gold tightly in his hand, and quickly released his Divine Sense …
Through his Divine Sense, he found that the bottom of the Meditation Ocean was about three to four thousand feet below him. He was now diving down at an extremely high speed.
"It can't be that it wants to kill me, right?" Luo Zheng was a little confused.
However, Luo Zheng's state of mind had calmed down. He really wanted to see what these "unknown things" wanted to do to him.
Three to four thousand feet was almost covered in the blink of an eye at such a speed.

Chapter 2419
Under the strong current, Luo Zheng did not stop at all and was pulled into the big hole.
After descending for more than ten thousand feet, he reached the bottom again.
With the current's guidance, Luo Zheng began to move horizontally again …
"Splash …"
The violent sound of flowing water came from the front. It was the sound of the black water surging in the big hole.
Judging from this point, this cave at the bottom of the Meditation Ocean did not have black water before. It was only Luo Zheng's collision that opened the "door" of this cave.
However, those "evils" clearly deliberately controlled Luo Zheng's collision. They had a purpose of stuffing Luo Zheng into this cave!
"This cave …"
Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine that there was a single cave at the bottom of the Meditation Ocean. The Meditation Ocean was the same as the Land of Reincarnation. They both belonged to the Abyss Demon Realm. Where did this cave lead to?
Luo Zheng originally thought that he would be able to find the answer in a short time.
However, the length of this cave was far beyond his imagination …
Two hours passed, and he was still floating in this long and narrow cave.
That "evil" and the other unknown things were still tirelessly following behind him.
Every time the spiral water current around Luo Zheng weakened, the evil would release another current to ensure that Luo Zheng was pushed forward.
Although the piece of Grass Flame Gold that Chen Huang gave Luo Zheng was relatively large, the Grass Flame Gold burned very fiercely after it was activated, which was why it could release such a golden light …
After such a long time, the Grass Flame Gold had shrunk from the size of a fist to the size of a stone.
The golden light it emitted was even weaker …
Those unknown things were also constantly approaching. They only needed to wait for the Grass Flame Gold to be extinguished before they swarmed over.
"These guys … It looks like they won't be able to last until the destination." Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
When the golden light emitted by the "Grass Flame Gold" completely disappeared, those "unknown things" immediately pounced on Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to be eaten by these "unknown things", he suddenly heard cries.
Just as the evil made a sound, those unknown things suddenly quieted down and quietly retreated like soldiers who had received an order from their superior.
"As expected …"
This evil creature wanted to send him to a certain place, so it would not allow these unknown things to devour him.
However, Luo Zheng was still surprised that Sin could directly command those "unknown things"!
This at least explained a few things …
Evil was a top-notch "unknown" in the Meditation Ocean. Moreover, Evil was definitely intelligent. Of course, it was also possible that the creature controlling Evil was intelligent!
In any case, these unknown things couldn't devour him.
Luo Zheng's heart was finally at ease. He simply lay down in the water and allowed it to transport him to an unknown place.
Another few hours passed by …
Luo Zheng could feel the roar in his ears getting louder and louder.
He released his divine sense again!
"The water layer ahead is shallower?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Just as he was thinking about it, he felt his body suddenly become light. He was directly sent out of the black water by the spiral current. After turning into an arc in the air, he landed on the dry ground.
The surroundings were still dark. It was still a long and narrow cave, but this cave was not filled with black water.
"Unfortunately, there is no light here. I still have to use my divine sense to investigate …"
As Luo Zheng was thinking this, he suddenly patted his head, then reached out and gently pinched it.
"Fuse!"
A blazing flame appeared in Luo Zheng's palm, immediately illuminating the surrounding space with a bright red color.
"Hualala …"
"Hualala …"
When Luo Zheng lit up the flame, he saw that in the black water behind him, there were constantly waves of black water.
There should be something wriggling under the water …
This should be those "unknown things" and "evil creatures".
This "evil creature" sent him to this damned place and then urged him to enter the depths of the cave?
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile …
Standing in place and looking around, Luo Zheng didn't find anything strange. Then, holding the flame in his hand, he strolled into the depths of the cave.
Without the imprisonment of the black water, Luo Zheng relaxed a lot.
The pressure of the Meditation Sea was too strong. Luo Zheng could at most use 20% of his strength in the black water. Emperor Hanqing also saw the uniqueness of the black water and didn't pursue Luo Zheng.
This wide cave was also very deep. After walking slowly for a while, he finally spread out a pair of thunder wings and flew forward at an extremely fast speed.
After the time it took to make a cup of tea, a bronze door appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The carvings on the door were very exquisite. The most unique thing was that the surface of the door reflected different light, forming a strange pattern …
"This is the base camp of the Evil Demons?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and thought.
According to Chen Huang Yijian, the Meditation Sea was a place for Evil Demons to cultivate. It was indeed possible to speculate from this point of view.
However, Chen Huang Yijian also said that even Evil Demons weren't absolutely safe in the Meditation Sea. Moreover, they cultivated in the Meditation Sea to obtain some special powers.
From this point of view, the Meditation Sea didn't belong to Evil Demons. In other words, there were even more powerful monsters above it?
Luo Zheng was suddenly shocked by his own deduction.
Those Evil Demons were already powerful enough. If there were monsters stronger than Evil Demons, what would it be?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, the bronze door in front of him suddenly made a creaking sound, and a crack appeared on the door …
Looking at the crack, Luo Zheng took two steps back.
The 'Terror Item' in the black water was already terrifying enough. Who knew what would come out from behind the door?
As the gap in the door grew bigger and bigger, a figure came out from it.
"Since you're already here, why don't you come in?" the person suddenly asked.
"That's my voice …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and looked straight ahead. He had already seen the person's appearance. It was exactly the same as him!
"It's just a low-level illusion. Why do you have to act so mysterious?" Luo Zheng said coldly as he stared at the 'him' who opened the door.
It wasn't difficult for True Gods to create an illusory avatar.
For example, the Li Water Divine Dao had a 'Soft Water Avatar'. Furthermore, this avatar was very powerful, far more powerful than the illusory avatar in front of him.
"Is it just an illusion?"
The illusion in front of the door smiled faintly. Suddenly, it extended a hand toward Luo Zheng and gently flicked four of its fingers.
Swish! Swish! Swish!

Chapter 2420
Even with his eyes closed, Luo Zheng could feel the aura emitted by the four swords.
They were the Four God-Slaying Swords!
The Buddha Emperor's Sword, which was in the lead, slashed toward Luo Zheng.
The other three swords circled around from the side, trying to trap Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was very familiar with the God-Slaying Sword Formation. How could he let himself be trapped?
Facing the attack of the Buddha Emperor's Sword, Luo Zheng advanced instead of retreating.
When he was only a foot away from the Buddha Emperor's Sword, he twisted his body like a fish and brushed past the invisible Buddha Emperor's Sword!
Just like that, the four swords were left behind by Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng tapped the ground lightly and rushed toward the "illusion" under the door.
Ordinary illusions could only congeal the same appearance, which was not surprising.
However, the illusion in front of him could use the God-Slaying Sword Formation. Naturally, Luo Zheng was very surprised. He wanted to figure out what this thing was.
Unexpectedly, the illusion standing in front of the door just smiled at him and then retreated behind the door.
At the same time, he heard his own voice again …
"Follow it. You have no way out …"
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng's face darkened slightly.
Although Luo Zheng knew it was a trap, he had to follow it.
The cave behind him was connected to the black water. Not to mention whether he could deal with those "evildoers," Luo Zheng had no way to deal with those unknown things.
After pushing open the door, a gust of cold air rushed toward him.
What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a huge ice palace!
The entire palace was built with huge blocks of ice. The dense cold air formed a milky white fog, which rushed toward Luo Zheng outside the bronze door.
In less than a breath, Luo Zheng's face was covered with frost.
The cold air spread from the outside to the inside, making him feel as if the blood in his body was about to freeze.
"What a strong cold air!"
Luo Zheng stamped his foot lightly. A surge of Taoist Connotation spread out from the soles of his feet and turned into strong flames.
"Hua!"
As the flames surged in all directions, they immediately forced away all of the glacial Qi within his body and even in the surrounding area.
At the same time, Luo Zheng once again saw the illusion of "himself" in the rolling cold air.
The phantom stood not far away and crooked its finger at Luo Zheng with a provocative look on its face. Then, it drifted into the thick cold air.
Just as the illusion moved, the lightning wings on Luo Zheng's back suddenly flapped!
"Pipa!"
Although he had no other way out, he still wanted to take down this illusion.
As the lightning wings spread out, the distance of several hundred feet was covered in an instant!
He had already locked onto this illusion. The moment he entered the milky white cold air, he grabbed at the illusion from behind.
"You still think I'm an illusion?"
When this voice was heard, the illusion Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and punched Luo Zheng's palm!
"Pu!"
As the fist and palm collided, Luo Zheng immediately sensed a huge force coming at him!
"This force …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened slightly.
This force was actually on par with his …
Because he didn't adjust his body well and Luo Zheng wasn't prepared, he was sent flying by this punch!
After retreating several hundred feet in the air, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength and pressed himself down.
"Sizzle —"
His feet left two slender scratches on the sparkling and translucent ice.
As for the "illusion Luo Zheng", it still smiled faintly at him and walked forward unhurriedly.
After this exchange, Luo Zheng's expression became even more cautious.
Among the Consummate True Gods, there were very few who could match him in strength. After incorporating the power of the Rage God, even a Quasi-sage was far inferior.
Generally speaking, the illusions he created were far inferior to the real body!
Even the illusions created by the "Soft Water Incarnation" only had forty to fifty percent of the real body's strength. As for the illusions created by the Great Purple Qi Art, although there were many of them, they usually didn't even have one-thousandth of the real body's strength.
"I'm not in an illusion now, right?" Luo Zheng asked 9527.
"No," 9527 replied.
Ever since he accidentally fell into an illusion in the Land of Reincarnation, Luo Zheng had become very vigilant.
For example, this illogical "illusion" not far away could only be born in an illusion.
But if this was an illusion, it shouldn't be able to confuse 9527.
"But that illusion gave me a very strange feeling," 9527 said again.
"How strange?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It didn't seem to be an illusion. It was you." 9527's voice had a trace of obvious confusion.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's doubts were like a rolling fog in his heart.
After hesitating for a few steps, Luo Zheng could only bite the bullet and follow …
This huge ice palace was unknown how many miles deep it was.
After passing through layers of cold air and doors, about half an hour later, the illusionary Luo Zheng leading the way in front finally stopped.
The illusionary Luo Zheng turned his head and said to Luo Zheng lightly, "You can wait here for a while."
"Why should I listen to you!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
The illusionary Luo Zheng smiled slightly and reached out his hand. The Sumeru Ring at the tip of his finger flashed, and a long sword appeared in his hand.
"Chengying Sword?"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of disbelief.
The illusionary Luo Zheng held the Chengying Sword horizontally. Whether it was habits, expressions, or actions, they were all exactly the same as Luo Zheng!
"Because I am you. You can't go wrong if you listen to yourself," the illusionary Luo Zheng said softly.
"Demon tricks!"
Anyone facing an exact replica of themselves would probably have some extreme emotions.
Now Luo Zheng somewhat agreed with 9527's words. This guy was probably really himself!
But why would there be an exact replica of himself in the Realm of the Gods?
If this person's martial arts, cultivation system, and everything else were exactly the same as his … then what was the deal with the Chengying Sword?
This sword was given to him by Old Yuan. How could there be a second one?
"Shua!"
Luo Zheng turned his hand and the Chengying Sword appeared in his hand. With a flash of light, a sword ray whizzed out!
"Heh …"
The illusionary Luo Zheng smiled slightly and also slashed out with his sword.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The two sharp sword rays collided with each other, and the part where they met mutually annihilated each other, producing a crisp sound.
"Even … the Taoist Connotation is the same." Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose.
He cultivated a lot of Shinto in his body, and the Yi Shen Sword contained a lot of Taoist energy. But this guy's sword was exactly the same.
It was enough to show that this illusionary figure had the same Godhead as Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2421
"I can't defeat you?"
Luo Zheng stared at the image of himself, frowning.
Even 9527 thought so. There must be something wrong with this illusion …
But no matter what, he couldn't believe that it was him.
The cold air around him calmed Luo Zheng down quickly. He thought for a while, and then the corners of his mouth curled up.
"Since you know everything I know, I wonder if you know this move as well?"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng released the power of the Rage God from his body, and his body started to expand rapidly!
This ice palace was only about 200 feet high. Luo Zheng's body expanded rapidly, and his head quickly hit the ceiling of the ice palace.
"Boom!"
Under the impact, countless cracks appeared on the ceiling made of ice crystals.
"Ga ga ga ga …"
These cracks quickly spread to the entire ice palace.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face finally changed!
He could do the same thing as Luo Zheng before, but he couldn't do the same thing as Luo Zheng!
He narrowed his eyes slightly, and a soft voice suddenly sounded in his mind, "Stop him from destroying the ice palace!"
"Yes!"
Luo Zheng nodded, and then he took a step forward, and suddenly jumped.
"Crack!"
A pair of thunder wings stretched out from his back.
At the same time, he held the Chengying Sword in his hand, and made a strange spiral in the air. The emotions in his eyes had disappeared completely, and the Taoist Connotation and sword intent on the Chengying Sword in his hand merged crazily. "Emotion-Cutting Godly Dao! Sword of Godly Yi … "
This huge ice palace was collapsing rapidly under the pressure of Luo Zheng.
When the illusion performed the Sword of Godly Yi, Luo Zheng's body had grown to over 1000 feet.
His legs penetrated through more than 10 floors of the ice palace, and his head and shoulders created a huge space inside the huge ice palace.
While growing bigger, Luo Zheng's attention was also focused on the illusion.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew himself the best. From the moment Luo Zheng jumped up in the illusion to the moment he held the Chengying Sword, Luo Zheng could predict it even with his eyes closed.
"Just because you're a fake?" Luo Zheng snorted coldly as he swung his palm at him.
Just the sound of the explosion was enough to shatter the crystal-clear ice into pieces …
Before the illusory Luo Zheng could slash out with its sword, it was slapped by Luo Zheng!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng didn't hold back this time.
With the power of the Rage God combined with the release of the Origin of Power, even a Saint would find it difficult to block Luo Zheng's slap.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
The illusion Luo Zheng was like a kite that had lost its string. It smashed through countless layers of ice and smashed into the depths of the ice palace.
"This guy's body is as tough as mine …"
Even after slapping away the illusion Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's expression didn't relax in the slightest.
After all, he knew the secrets of his body, as well as the uniqueness of fusing with the Divine Dao. What kind of method was it that could replicate all of this?
The only thing that hadn't been replicated was 9527 and the power of the Rage God!
"Chengying Sword …"
"Fusing with the Dao …"
"Origin of Power …"
"These things were all obtained in the universe, or in the Realm of the Gods!" At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have realized something. "But the power of the Rage God is outside the Realm of the Gods, so it can't be replicated."
In other words, there was something that could create replicas of all living things in the Realm of the Gods?
Luo Zheng's conclusion made him sweat. This kind of ability was a bit too heaven-defying.
"Your judgment should be correct," 9527's voice sounded at the same time.
"Do you think so too?" Luo Zheng asked.
9527 made a sound and then said, "Chi You placed the place of reincarnation in the Abyss of Demons, which means that the Abyss of Demons is a very unique place, different from other forbidden places. The reincarnation soul tool in the place of reincarnation can reincarnate the memory fire of the entire Realm of the Gods, then what about the Sea of Meditation?"
The sixth level of the Abyss of Demons was divided into three parts. In the middle was the Plains of Despair. The Plains of Despair was the only way to the seventh level of the Abyss of Demons, but the left side of the Plains of Despair was the Land of Reincarnation, and the right side was the Sea of Meditation …
This sea full of black water couldn't be as simple as it looked.
Perhaps even someone as strong as Chen Huang Yijian hadn't figured out the true ability of the Sea of Meditation!
"Hualala …"
Luo Zheng's huge body was stuck in this ice palace. With just a slight movement, countless ice cubes kept falling.
"No matter where this is, I can smash a path out!"
After he chose a direction, his body leaned back gently, slightly tilted, and suddenly blasted a punch forward!
"Rumble … Clang …"
The destructive power of Luo Zheng's punch was very amazing. It could probably smash a hole dozens of miles wide!
No matter how big this ice palace was, it would probably be broken through by him!
But Luo Zheng's eyes followed the huge hole in front of him, and there was still milky white cold air surging in the far distance.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of confusion.
Was this ice palace building hundreds of miles deep? How could someone build such a huge ice palace?
"Swish …"
Luo Zheng dispersed the power of the Rage God in his body, and once again used the Thunder Form Manifestation, and flew through the huge hole.
The distance of dozens of miles, Luo Zheng flew at full speed, and in a few breaths, he quickly came to the end of the huge hole …
Standing on a piece of broken ice sculpture floor, Luo Zheng's face became very ugly.
He didn't find the end of this ice palace at all. Behind this transparent wall, there were still layers of exquisitely carved ice walls, as if there was no end, all the way to a place that his eyes couldn't reach.
"What the hell is going on here!" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly had a headache.
He felt that he had been sent to a very strange place by those guys in the black water.
Even the experienced and knowledgeable 9527 couldn't see the door to this place.
After all, 9527's inference was only based on the experience of building a world.
And when each Nirvana Realm cultivator built a world, there were more or less certain differences. It also didn't know the purpose of Chi You's Sea of Meditation, or what authority he had opened in the Sea of Meditation.
Just as Luo Zheng was in a dilemma, a figure walked over unsteadily.
It was the illusion that was slapped away by Luo Zheng …

Chapter 2422
"Master?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, and then voiced his own judgment, "You were created by the Evil Demons?"
"Evil Demons …" The illusion Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Those guys are still working for our master. How could I be created by them?"
"In other words, you were indeed created by humans?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The illusion Luo Zheng laughed mischievously, "Don't use these little tricks to get information out of me. I was indeed created, but I have all of you … So it's not impossible for me to replace you in the Divine Domain."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face sank slightly.
Although he didn't know who the illusion Luo Zheng's so-called master was …
If he really died in the Abyss Demon Domain, this guy in front of him indeed had the possibility of secretly replacing him.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't allow this to happen. The killing intent in his eyes quietly emerged again.
"It's meaningless," the illusion Luo Zheng continued, "Even if you have the Rage God Body and are stronger than a fake like me, you still can't really kill me. If my master wants to duplicate you, it won't take him much effort. I advise you not to waste your strength. Just wait here obediently!"
…
…
On the Plain of Despair …
A quasi-sage of the Mu Family lightly tapped his toes.
"Crash!"
Strands of golden light intertwined, forming a huge golden longbow.
The quasi-sage suddenly turned his body and used his body to draw the golden longbow!
"Swish!"
Strands of golden arrows condensed on the bowstring.
The golden arrows were like a peacock spreading its tail, forming a fan shape and filling the bowstring to the brim!
"Boom!"
Along with the sound of the bowstring exploding.
Hundreds of golden lights shot toward the sky …
Every dazzling golden light exploded with terrifying power. It was as if these golden arrows had eyes and were extraordinarily accurate.
The huge birds in the sky flew in the smoke. Every time they appeared, they would spit out thick lightning.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
The golden arrows shot by the quasi-sage turned into slender golden lines and immediately pierced through the huge birds in the sky!
"Screech …"
These huge birds only had time to let out mournful cries before falling from the sky.
After the initial stalemate in the battle on the Plain of Despair, the advantage of the Sages began to expand rapidly.
Although there were a lot of Abyssal Demon Envoys, they weren't a match for Perfect True Gods after all. Moreover, the abilities of Perfect True Gods from Wealthy Family Alliance were unusual. Hence, their fighting power at this stage was basically overwhelming.
Not only the Abyss Demon Envoys, but even the Evil Demons and commanders were no match for the quasi-sages.
These Sages only used half of their strength was enough to wipe out these evil Evil Evil Demons!
Instead, it,,,,,,,, it, God, God, and Lu, Lu, Luo Zheng God God.
As one of the four Great Fiends, the faith power Garr absorbed was countless times more than ordinary Fiends.
...............................
Tang Lun, who had turned into a flaming man, floated in the sky and panted heavily. His body was completely made of flames. The flames were originally dazzling and bright, but now they looked much dimmer. However, his burly figure still faintly emitted an unyielding domineering aura.
Mu Haiji's situation was not much better. At this moment, his hair was disheveled as he stood in mid-air. His eyes were emitting a dark green light, and there was not a single part of his body that was not injured.
However, as a Sage, such injuries could be healed in an instant. It was just that he did not have the time to take care of it at this moment.
In comparison, Dongfang Chunjun's situation was much better.
He still looked calm with a smile on his face. One of his hands was behind his back, and the other hand was in the shape of an eagle's claw. He was facing the Great Evil Demon, Jia Lu, who was not far away.
"I won't kill you," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly. "We can sit down and talk!"
The ferocious creatures in the Forbidden Grounds were originally immortal.
However, once Jia Lu died once, his strength would plummet. At the same time, his position in the Evil Demon Clan would also be affected. It was very likely that other Evil Demons would replace him!
Dongfang Chunjun's offer was very tempting.
Since there was no way to fight against these Sages, it was not a bad idea to sit down and talk. After all, the Sages came to control the Abyss Demon Territory, not to exterminate the Evil Demon Clan.
Jia Lu's huge body was covered with shocking scars, especially on his left leg, where the bones were exposed. Unable to support his body, Jia Lu could only kneel on the ground on one knee.
However, Jia Lu's face did not show any signs of pain. When he heard Dongfang Chunjun's request, he laughed loudly. "Hahaha … If it was a few Divine Epochs earlier, it might have been possible! Now, it's impossible … "
"Why!" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
Jia Lu shook his head and did not answer Dongfang Chunjun's question. Instead, he stretched out his hand and stabbed it into his chest.
There was a huge crystal hidden in Jia Lu's heart. These crystals were formed from the power of faith that the Evil Demons had absorbed day and night. The stronger one was, the bigger the crystal.
"Magic Crystal Explosion!"
At this moment, Dongfang Chunjun heard the sound of the crystal shattering.
A powerful energy crazily gathered in Jia Lu's body. Dongfang Chunjun acutely sensed that this energy was unstable!
"Retreat! Hurry! "
Dongfang Chunjun urged. His voice contained a hint of urgency that was rarely seen in Dongfang Chunjun!
Tang Lun and Mu Haiji instantly realized the severity of the situation!
"Go!"
"Retreat!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
As the two Sages retreated, they used their Quintessential Essence to inform everyone on the Plains of Despair.
Although the Grand Clan Alliance had obtained an overwhelming victory, there were still many quasi-Sages and Paragons fighting. When they received the Quintessential Essence transmission from the two Sages, a tremor suddenly came from the end of the Plains of Despair.
An extremely terrifying energy had already exploded from Jia Lu's body.
The exploding brown energy turned into a terrifying torrent of energy that rushed over from the end of the Plains of Despair.
Dongfang Chunjun stood alone in front of this intense energy.
He let Tang Lun and Mu Haiji leave, but he did not choose to retreat. Instead, he suddenly clapped his hands together.
One black and one white, Yin and Yang energies spread out from his hands!
"Universe Break!"
Whoosh whoosh …
The brown energy crazily rushed toward Dongfang Chunjun, but it was blocked by an invisible wall after just a few hundred feet!

Chapter 2423
Dongfang Chunjun's move moved everyone.
Most of the Saints and Quasi-Saints present were old monsters who had lived for countless years. They were very sensitive to the strength of Jia Lu's energy.
The energy tide caused by the "Demonic Crystal Explosion" was too terrifying.
Not to mention one Saint, even ten Saints working together might not be able to stop it!
In terms of strength, these Great Demons were indeed far above Saints …
However, Dongfang Chunjun was able to forcibly stop this energy tide. The other Saints once again raised their opinion of Dongfang Chunjun's true strength.
Emperor Hanqing had already returned to the Plains of Despair with Han Cangyan.
His expression was very gloomy all the way back. Letting Luo Zheng go was not a small hidden danger after all.
Just as he returned to the Plains of Despair and saw Dongfang Chunjun use this move, his expression became even gloomier.
However, Dongfang Chunjun was unable to completely annihilate this energy tide. He only blocked it for three to four breaths of time.
Then, this invisible dam began to collapse …
However, these three to four breaths of time were enough for the others to retreat to a safe place.
"Hualala …"
The energy tide that was blocked by Dongfang Chunjun spread out. This brown energy swallowed everything along the way. Even the death aura that lingered on the Plains of Despair all day long and the faint wails that could be heard had disappeared.
Dongfang Chunjun's expression was still calm as usual. It was as if killing this Great Demon was not worth his joy at all.
"Hualala …"
Tang Lun turned from a pure fire man to his normal form. He could not help but cough twice. His originally rosy face became very pale. Then, he took out a bright red pill from his Sumeru Space and stuffed it into his mouth.
Although they mainly relied on Dongfang Chunjun to fight against Jia Lu, Tang Lun and Mu Haiji still played a key role.
Jia Lu's strength was far stronger than a Saint's. Even Dongfang Chunjun could not fight him head-on.
Tang Lun and Mu Haiji played a big role in forcing Jia Lu into a desperate situation.
At Dongfang Chunjun's command, the other Saints, Quasi-Saints, and Great Perfection all gathered together.
While the team was resting, Mu Haiji took out a light green jade token. The center of the jade token was completely broken. His eyes flashed and he said, "Dong Fang Qiu has fallen."
Hearing Dongfang Chunjun's words, Tang Lun's expression changed slightly. He also reached out and there was a fire token in his hand. This fire token contained the life imprint of Tang Family's Tang Clan's Secondary Saint. At this moment, the light of the fire token had completely disappeared, indicating that Tang Chou was also dead.
"Mu Tianshou has also fallen." Mu Haiji's expression was extremely ugly.
To aristocratic families, these secondary saints were also indispensable battle prowess.
Three Quasi-saints were more than enough to deal with one Luo Zheng. The simultaneous death of the three Quasi-saints indeed made their hearts sink.
"We'll talk about this later. Let's head to the next level first," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
Everything has its own priorities and priorities …
Killing Luo Zheng was important, but Dongfang Chunjun's biggest goal was to control the Abyss Demon Realm.
They had just killed so many Evil Demons. What they needed to do now was to take advantage of the victory and pursue them. The matter of Luo Zheng could be temporarily put aside.
Under Dongfang Chunjun's leadership, the team once again set off toward the depths of the Plains of Despair.
"Father! Are you okay? "
Mu Xuerong looked at Mu Haiji's pale and tired face and asked with concern.
"I'm fine!"
Mu Haiji sat cross-legged in the air. There was a faint green light flowing on the surface of his body. His originally weak aura rapidly strengthened.
The battle on the Plains of Despair was much smoother than everyone had imagined.
"These Evil Demons are only so-so …"
"The one that was killed by Chunjun Grand Saint was the most powerful Evil Demon?"
"If that's all they have, it seems that the following matters will be easy to handle."
Some Perfect True Gods heaved a sigh of relief.
When they were on the third level of the Abyss Demon Realm, these Perfect True Gods and some secondary saints were extremely desperate.
After all, they had just stepped into the Abyss Demon Realm. Just a few small Evil Demons had already caused everyone to be in a terrible state. What if they encountered a real Evil Demon?
They did not expect that the battle would be so much easier than they had imagined.
"Don't you guys feel that something is wrong?" a secondary saint suddenly asked.
"What's wrong?"
"There are many Evil Demons on the Plains of Despair," the secondary saint analyzed. "If you were the leader of the Evil Demons, would you do this?"
The Evil Demons were an elite race. There were not many of them in their race.
In the battle on the Plains of Despair, they had mobilized a lot of combat power!
If the Evil Demon Clan chose to fight the Wealthy Alliance, they would most likely use all their combat power together. It was impossible for them to just let Jia Lu fight alone.
If a few Evil Demons appeared here at the same time, the situation would not be as simple as imagined.
If this secondary saint could think of this, Dongfang Chunjun and the rest could naturally think of it as well.
The sages led the way in front and analyzed softly at the same time.
"It's just a Evil Demon leading the team. This behavior is too strange. The Evil Demon Clan has no reason to do this. Could it be that there is an internal conflict?" Leng Yao analyzed with a frown.
"It's indeed possible. Otherwise, I can't think of why the Evil Demon Clan would give such a big gift," Tang Lun said with a nod.
If the Evil Demon Clan was really swallowed up by the Wealthy Alliance, it would definitely be a good thing for the Wealthy Alliance.
Unexpectedly, Dongfang Chunjun shook his head. "Impossible …"
"These Evil Demons originally gathered all the negative power of faith. It's normal for them to fight among themselves. Why is it impossible?" Mu Haiji asked.
Dongfang Chunjun stared ahead and narrowed his eyes. "This Evil Demon called 'Jia Lu' died too calmly."
"They are immortal to begin with. After death, they will reconstruct themselves," Tang Lun retorted.
Death was a rare and common thing for the monsters in the Forbidden Lands.
"Jia Lu seemed to have expected that he would die. According to Leng Yao, there is no need for Jia Lu to risk his life for the Evil Demon Clan. This would only put him in a more disadvantageous position. He could have joined forces with us to suppress the other Evil Demons," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"Brother Chunjun, what you said makes sense." Emperor Hanqing caught up from behind and interrupted.
When the other sages saw Emperor Hanqing, their expressions turned cold.
"Let's not talk about this first. Brother Emperor Hanqing personally went to investigate Luo Zheng. I wonder what the results were?" Dongfang Chunjun looked at Emperor Hanqing and asked.

Chapter 2424
Emperor Hanqing knew that Dongfang Chunjun would ask this. He smiled. "Why do you say that, Great Saint? I have nothing to do with Luo Zheng. Why would I chase after him? "
"Of course I don't know." Dongfang Chunjun shook his head.
His tone was cold, and he looked displeased.
Originally, letting Emperor Hanqing join the Aristocratic Family Alliance to conquer the Abyss Devil Domain was already an exception.
But on the Plains of Despair, Emperor Hanqing ran away after saying that. Dongfang Chunjun was naturally displeased.
Emperor Hanqing said calmly. "It's my two daughters' fault. They were friends with Luo Zheng on the floating island. As their father, I couldn't just sit by and watch."
Dongfang Chunjun and the others knew that Han Chuyue and Han Liusu knew Luo Zheng.
After all, they were all present in the forbidden area of the Sea of Time. Emperor Hanqing's explanation was reasonable.
"Is that so? I wonder where your two daughters have gone? Did they see me, Dongfang Qiu, and the others? "Dongfang Chunjun continued.
Emperor Han Qing's face revealed a trace of distress, "I rushed all the way to the Black Waters and only saw my son Han Cangyan. Luo Zheng and my two daughters were nowhere to be seen. Even the three quasi-saints were nowhere to be seen! I asked Cangyan what happened, but he only said that those people had all dived into the Black Waters … "Emperor Hanqing turned and shouted," Cangyan! You can report everything you saw to the Great Sage. Don't leave out anything! "
Han Cangyan seemed to have been prepared. He quickly came out from the group of Paragons and stood beside Emperor Hanqing. He bowed to Dongfang Chunjun and roughly told him what happened in the Black Waters.
Han Cangyan's story was exactly the same as Emperor Hanqing's. He just made up the story of the secondary saints chasing Luo Zheng into the Black Waters. He didn't know if they were dead or alive.
"On the other side of the Plains of Despair, there's a Black Waters …"
Dongfang Chunjun, on the other hand, believed him a little and muttered as he pondered.
Since the three Quasi-saints had died in the Black Water Domain, then Luo Zheng, who had escaped within, would most likely not have a good ending.
"Hmph, let's ignore that boy for now. That boy's luck has always been heaven-defying, but this time, he won't be able to escape from the Abyss Demon Realm. Once we take control of the Abyss Demon Realm, he won't be able to survive!" Mu Haiji said from the side, his eyes filled with hatred.
Mu Haiji had already blamed Mu Tianshou's death on Luo Zheng.
Emperor Hanqing was relieved that Dongfang Chunjun was no longer going after him.
In the battle on the Plain of Despair, the Wealthy Clan Alliance had suffered very little losses. Apart from Dong Fang Qiu, Mu Tianshou, and Tang Chou, they had only lost two Perfect True Gods. The Evil Demon Army was not as threatening as the little evil demons …
After crossing the Plains of Despair, there were still endless brown mountain ranges on both sides.
In the center of some of the mountains was a circular crater that spewed out a string of flames.
Some strangely shaped birds were squatting on both sides of the mountain range, motionlessly watching the people flying past.
These birds were weak and did not pose much of a threat. However, the strange birds' sinister gazes made them feel uneasy.
"The gazes of these birds are so annoying! Burn! "
Tang Lun was annoyed and waved at the strange birds on both sides of the mountain range.
"Huff huff …"
Two balls of flames spread out from the mountain range.
The strange birds that were caught in the flames instantly turned into small fireballs …
Very quickly, his flesh and bones were all burned to the point where not even a speck of dust was left!
Strangely, while a large group of strange birds were being burned by Tang Lun, the strange birds beside them did not escape. They continued to stare at the people with strange gazes, allowing the flames to spread toward them and swallow them whole.
"These birds are really strange …"
"Even if they are not afraid of death, they shouldn't be motionless. They aren't even living creatures, right?"
"They must be alive!"
The environment in the Abyss Demon Realm was already very strange. Seeing this scene, the people felt even more uncomfortable.
Just as the people were feeling uneasy, an even stranger scene occurred.
Tang Lun's flames only spread a few miles. Most of the strange birds were not caught in the flames.
These strange birds flew up one by one and charged toward the people!
"Are these birds seeking their own deaths?"
A quasi-sage furrowed his brows. He clasped two fingers together and gently slashed in the air. A wisp of sword light shot out from his fingertips and rose into the sky, rapidly killing the birds in the air.
"Puff puff puff …"
All the strange birds that flew over from the right were crushed by this quasi-sage, turning into a rain of blood and limbs that fell to the ground.
The strange birds that flew over from the other directions were also casually killed by them …
"The behavior of these strange birds is completely seeking their own deaths," Tang Lun said with a frown.
Tang Lun liked to use absolute power to conquer everything. He hated these strange things the most. When he could not see through them, he would be very irritated.
Dongfang Chunjun raised his brows slightly as if he thought of something. He suddenly said, "These strange birds are indeed seeking their own deaths. Just like Jia Lu and the demons he leads, they are similarly seeking their own deaths."
When Mu Haiji and the other Sages heard this, realization dawned on them.
"Brother Chunjun, since you said so, the demons led by Jia Lu are indeed seeking their own deaths!"
"Indeed, those demons are far from being as powerful as we imagined!"
"But why do they want to seek their own deaths?"
The Sages just had a clue, but they were once again puzzled.
After all, they were not demons of the Abyss and could not understand the thoughts of these Abyss Demon Territory …
After those strange birds were all killed, it was finally quiet for a while. However, this silence did not last for more than half an hour.
The group had only traveled a few dozen miles when the mountain range on both sides suddenly began to shake.
"Rumble …"
Little bits of fire spread out from behind the mountain range like a continuous cloud of fire.
A Perfected True God with sharp eyes was the first to recognize it. He said strangely, "Blazing Warhorse … another kind of low-level fearsome creature. Is this really the sixth level of the Abyss Demon Territory?"
Blazing Warhorses were very common on the first level of the Abyss Demon Territory. The Perfected True Gods present had killed many of these fearsome creatures. Some had even tamed them. However, these warhorses could not be brought out of the Abyss Demon Territory. Otherwise, they would be seen on Luxury Floating Island.
"They … are also here to seek their own deaths?" Tang Lun's expression became even stranger.
Tang Lun naturally did not know that the portal at the entrance of the sixth level had already been restored. A large number of fearsome creatures were surging out from the portal.

Chapter 2425
The battle on the Plains of Despair was witnessed by Patriarch Qianlong and the others.
Patriarch Qianlong was also deeply awed by the power displayed by Dongfang Chunjun …
Although they were all quasi-sages, Patriarch Qianlong's combat strength was probably inferior to those Paragons present.
Knowing his own limitations, he only hoped that these people wouldn't find trouble with him. After all, he also came together with Luo Zheng.
To Patriarch Qianlong's surprise, only one quasi-sage from the Grand Alliance came forward to interrogate them. These people hurriedly left, seemingly not caring about Patriarch Qianlong and the others.
The Grand Alliance left, but the four of them still had no way to leave.
According to this strange fish, this teleportation gate was a spatial passageway leading to the fifth level. There was no other way …
Just as they were at a loss, this spatial gate suddenly began to tremble. Strong fluctuations of spatial laws rapidly spread through the gate, and a deep spatial passageway appeared in the originally bare door frame.
Patriarch Qianlong and the others were overjoyed when they saw this scene.
That strange fish, in particular, hurriedly rushed towards the spatial door ….
However, just as this strange fish entered the spatial passageway and disappeared in front of Patriarch Qianlong and the others, it came back out in the next breath.
"What's wrong?" Patriarch Qianlong's eyes widened.
Before the strange fish could speak, countless vicious creatures came out of the spatial passageway.
Patriarch Qianlong frowned, grabbed the strange fish, and retreated to the side of the spatial gate with the other upper true gods.
"These vicious creatures migrated from the upper levels of the Abyss Demon Realm …" Patriarch Qianlong said with a grave expression.
He had been to the Abyss Demon Realm before, so of course, he could distinguish the origins of several vicious creatures.
Fortunately, these vicious creatures seemed to be possessed. They didn't attack Patriarch Qianlong and the others, but went straight to the Plains of Despair, seemingly chasing after the Grand Alliance …
"What's going on?"
"Are the demons planning to rely on these vicious creatures to deal with the Sages?"
"This isn't a problem that can be solved with numbers …"
Several upper true gods discussed. One of them suddenly revealed a joyful expression and said, "No matter what, these vicious creatures have all run to the sixth level. Isn't the upper levels empty?"
"Yes! In a while, we'll pass through and there won't be any danger! "Another upper true god said.
Patriarch Qianlong nodded, but he was still very curious about the scene in front of him. He then asked the strange fish, "Do you know what's going on?"
Since the beginning, the strange fish had been quietly staying in the same place. After Patriarch Qian Long's question, the strange fish suddenly let out a strange cry. A chaotic expression suddenly appeared in the fish's eyes. It actually took a step forward and joined the torrent of fierce creatures without looking back.
Patriarch Qianlong's expression froze slightly, and he immediately fell into deep thought.
This strange fish was very eager to leave this place …
Looking at the situation, it was likely that all the monsters in the Abyss Devil Domain were being controlled by someone …
…
…
How could the Blazing Warhorses from both sides of the mountain range be a threat?
…'s's's's,'s,'s''s's,'s,'s's's's's,'s's's''s's's''s?'s As for the fierce Fang's's', the blazing flames on their backs were extinguished in the blink of an eye. The horses' 'bodies were directly frozen in place.
Hundreds of thousands of Blazing War Horses galloped over, but all of them were frozen on the mountainside!
But behind the fierce Fang's' 'were Ghost Fiend Dogs' 'barking …
"Behind! There are vicious creatures too! "
"So many! Could it be that all the vicious creatures in the Abyss Demon Realm have gathered here? "
"It's possible. Look at the Ghost Fiend Scorpion, a vicious creature from the second level of the Abyss Demon Realm. It actually appeared too!"
When those Perfect Real Gods saw this scene, they were dumbfounded.
Fortunately, these vicious creatures were too easy to deal with. If they wanted to deal with this group of people from the Grand Alliance, relying on numbers wouldn't give them any advantage. It would only lead to a massacre.
But at this point, even a fool could see that these vicious creatures' 'goal was just to die.
"Crackle …"
"Rumble …"
About three to five Secondary Saints made a move and killed all sorts of ferocious creatures that were gushing over from all directions.
While they were killing, everyone maintained a constant speed and continued to move forward …
…
…
At the bottom level of the Abyss Demon Realm, on that huge altar.
Blood gushed out crazily like a fountain …
The skulls around the altar emitted a scarlet glow.
That lump of blood condensed continuously and transformed into a huge figure. It was an Evil Demon that had just died.
This altar wasn't just the place where little Evil Demons reincarnated. The fallen Evil Demons would also reincarnate here!
"Dong!"
This Evil Demon didn't say anything and jumped down from the altar.
Just as he left the altar, another lump of blood condensed into a figure …
The Evil Demons that had died on the Plain of Despair started to revive here.
There were strong and weak Evil Demons in the Plain of Despair's army. Ordinary Evil Demons were far inferior to Evil Demon Commanders, and there was a huge gap between the Evil Demon Commanders and the Great Evil Demons.
But after they died once, the power of faith accumulated in their bodies was exhausted, and they all returned to their initial state.
For example, those Evil Demon Commanders that were one to two thousand feet tall had now returned to a height of over thirty feet. After losing the power of faith, their strength was no different from ordinary Evil Demons. Naturally, their strength was greatly reduced.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
One by one, Evil Demons revived from the altar and slowly walked down.
The last lump of blood kept changing shape, and once again, a thirty-foot-tall Evil Demon figure appeared.
All the Evil Demons looked at that figure, and a strange feeling flashed across their faces.
That was the Great Evil Demon, Jia Lu.
The longer an Evil Demon stayed in the Abyss Demon Realm, the more powerful it was.
The reason why Jia Lu could become a Great Evil Demon was because only he could absorb the power of faith of others. Others couldn't absorb it!
After so many years, Jia Lu and the other three Great Evil Demons became stronger and stronger, leaving ordinary Evil Demons far behind, and became their well-deserved leaders.
But today, he actually died …
Whispers could be heard among the demons.
"Don't be noisy!" Jia Lu looked around and said indifferently, "All of you wait here!"
The current Jia Lu's strength was no different from ordinary Evil Demons!
But he still maintained his old prestige in the hearts of the Evil Demons. All the Evil Demons immediately fell silent.

Chapter 2426
Along the way, Jia Lu had a lot on his mind.
A dead Great Evil Demon would lose all of his power of faith, which meant that he had lost everything.
Although those damn little fellows still respected Jia Lu, it was just the remnants of his power in the past.
To Jia Lu, this was a huge gamble. He could not be sure if it was worth it …
But after losing his power, he still had a strong psychological gap!
"Bang!"
Jia Lu smashed open the door of the Great Evil Demon Hall with a punch.
In the hall, Tut and the other two Great Evil Demons immediately looked over.
Looking at Jia Lu who had suddenly shrunk countless times, the Great Evil Demons' facial muscles could not help but twitch. Then, they started laughing.
"Hahaha …"
"I'm really not used to seeing you suddenly become so small!"
The three Great Evil Demons were not the only ones who were laughing.
The little Evil Demons who were hiding in the corner also let out sharp laughter.
"Lord Jia Lu actually became so small!"
"But he's still bigger than us!"
"But in terms of power, he's so weak now, right?"
Those little Evil Demons were dancing with joy. These seven little Evil Demons were more special existences. They were ferocious creatures refined by the Evil Demon Clan through special methods and did not rely on the power of faith to survive.
So even if these little Evil Demons were killed by the Saints, their power would not be weakened.
"Whoosh!"
That little Evil Demon called "Pride" suddenly flashed and was already above Jia Lu's head.
Although Jia Lu was only a hundred feet tall, he was still a huge figure to the little Evil Demon who was like a dwarf.
But in terms of power, this little Evil Demon was much more powerful than the current Jia Lu!
These little Evil Demons were usually punished by Jia Lu. Now that they saw Jia Lu, they naturally would not be too polite.
"Lord Jia Lu's reaction is much slower!"
Pride stood on top of Jia Lu's head and shouted.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Seeing this, the other little Evil Demons all flew over and stood on top of Jia Lu's head.
"All of you, get down," Jia Lu said with a gloomy expression.
"Hehehe, Lord Jia Lu is so weak now. He has no right to order us," another little Evil Demon shouted.
These little Evil Demons were so agile. Even if the Saints did not use their Divine Consciousness to lock onto them, they would not be able to capture their existence. Jia Lu was helpless against them …
Hearing this, Jia Lu's face was filled with anger, "You damnable fellows, do you want to feed the Ghost Devil Dog?"
Seeing that Jia Lu was angry, the little demons still didn't show any restraint. These guys only feared the strong, and feared the Jia Lu of the past. And the current Jia Lu was simply laughably weak in their eyes.
"Get out of my way!"
Tut, the other Great Demon beside the round table, extended his arm and lightly flicked Garlu's head.
"Bang bang bang bang …"
Those little Abyss Devils shot out like arrows after being flicked by Tut's finger and smashed into the walls of the hall.
Only then did Jia Lu leap up and stand on his own chair.
With his size, he could no longer sit on the huge table and chair. He could only lean on the back of the chair and say to the other demons, "It's your turn!"
When Tut and the other two Great Demons saw Jia Lu's fate, their expressions changed subtly.
In the Abyss Devil Domain, strength was everything.
The winner could take everything they wanted. The four Great Demons stood at the top of the food chain.
Suddenly falling from the top of the pyramid, this psychological drop was indeed uncomfortable …
"Isn't it too high of a price to pay to leave the Abyss Devil Domain?" Tut said lightly, a hint of sadness in his eyes.
"What do you mean? You want to go back on your word?" Jia Lu's face showed a hint of sternness.
If the three Great Demons went back on their word, Jia Lu could do nothing.
Although his identity was still one of the four Great Demons, an identity that had lost its power was just an identity.
Another Great Demon said, "Actually, it's not bad to maintain the old order. At least we have food and drink in the Abyss Devil Domain!"
"But can you stop those Saints?" Jia Lu said angrily.
"We can sit down and talk." Tut chuckled.
"Bang!"
Jia Lu smashed his fist on the greenish-grey round table.
However, with his current strength, he could only smash a thin crack on the large round table. He felt a deep sense of powerlessness, and even felt that all the demons had betrayed him.
If they had said to sit down and talk, why would he, Jia Lu, use the Magic Crystal Explosion and explode himself?
"Hahaha, Lord Jia Lu is angry …"
"He has such a moment too?"
"Is there any use for the weak to be angry?"
Those little demons clung to the wall and said sarcastically.
After smashing his fist, Jia Lu calmed down instead. He smiled at Tut and the other demons. "But don't forget that the moment we chose to take the risk, we already agreed to cooperate with that fellow. Do you think that fellow will just let it go?"
These words made Tut and the other Great Demons have a taboo expression.
"We can choose to go back on our word," another Great Demon said calmly.
This Great Demon was called Card Spirit. Its strength was second only to Jia Lu from before, and it was slightly stronger than Tut.
"Yes." Tut nodded. "Anyway, that fellow can only stay in the Meditation Sea. How powerful can a fellow who can't even prove its existence be?"
In the Meditation Sea, those unknown things were indeed the overlords, and the demons did not dare to provoke them.
However, outside the Meditation Sea, the demons were the masters of the Abyss Devil Domain!
Hearing the conversation between Card Spirit and Tut, Jia Lu's heart sank …
This meant that its sacrifice would be meaningless, and it also meant that the chair that originally belonged to it on this round table would disappear forever.
"This isn't fair!" Jia Lu's voice was a little hoarse.
"Has there ever been fairness in our race? Hahaha … "
Tut's rhetorical question made Jia Lu speechless. The other Great Demons and the little demons on the wall also laughed shrilly, and the hall was filled with a joyous atmosphere.
However, in the next moment, these laughs suddenly stopped.
A unique feeling spread throughout the hall ….
Even the little demons on the wall became uneasy, and an extreme feeling of fear gripped their hearts.
This feeling only existed in the Meditation Sea, but it actually appeared in the Demon Hall today!
"It's indeed very unfair. Since you've chosen to cooperate with me, how can I give you the chance to go back on your word?"
A cold and indifferent female voice came from the center of the round table.
The smooth surface of the round table began to freeze and frost formed. As the milky white cold air spread, beautiful hexagonal ice crystals were drawn on the table.

Chapter 2427
In the fireplace at the side of the hall, the originally raging flames kept shrinking and quickly extinguishing. Even the ashes quickly became cold.
Some of the demonic spirits behind the demons were shivering.
Tut, Card Spirit, and the other Great Demon's expressions became very ugly …
They were not unfamiliar with this voice.
This was the voice that hid in the Meditation Sea, the voice that taught the demons cultivation method, the voice that allowed the demons to develop and strengthen.
It was also under the guidance of this voice that the demons learned how to control their emotions, completely separating the seven emotions and turning them into the seven little demons …
It could be said that the demons were able to reach this step because they listened to this voice.
This was also the reason why the powerhouses of the Evil Demon Clan would lurk in the Meditation Sea to cultivate.
"You, aren't you in the Meditation Sea? How can you come out! "Tut asked in shock.
That cold female voice replied, "When did I say that I can't leave the Meditation Sea?"
"Peep peep peep …"
The frost on the smooth table became thicker and thicker.
In the center of the table, these exquisite ice crystals kept gathering, like a constantly growing plant, rapidly growing.
When they were about the height of a person, these ice crystals gathered into a curvaceous human figure.
"Hum …"
With a flash of milky white light, a perfect body appeared. This perfect body was wrapped in a layer of light blue cloak.
All the Great Demons, including Garlu, stared at this body …
They always thought that she was like those unknown things, without a physical body, just an unproven spiritual body.
But today, they saw her true body.
The demons were originally inclined towards human civilization, and they also had the ability to appreciate humans, so they imprisoned the female disciples of the wealthy families on the floating island.
Those female disciples, as the children of wealthy families, originally had the best appearance and unique temperament, extremely outstanding in the entire divine realm.
But compared to this body formed by frost, the difference was like the difference between a mortal woman and a fairy.
"Tap …"
This woman took a light step on the table, and her white and tender toes lightly touched the table. A huge hexagonal ice crystal spread out from her toes, and then she stepped on this ice crystal and floated up.
"Who wanted to go back on their words just now?"
This woman floated in the air and glanced at the Great Demons.
"It's them! It's Tut! "
Jia Lu jumped out and accused.
Since these fellows had betrayed him, then Jia Lu would not care about the feelings of those of the same race.
"I, I …"
Tut looked at the woman on the table and actually panicked a little. However, in his panic, he quietly signaled to the little Devils.
Before Tu Te, the woman was like a tiny ant, but Tu Te was so nervous in front of her.
Before the woman could speak, a little demon that was clinging to the wall suddenly stomped and pounced onto the round table in the blink of an eye. It leaped from the edge of the round table and rushed in front of the woman!
"Caw, go to hell …"
The little fiend said with a sinister smile.
With its speed, no one would be able to react to its sneak attack!
But when this little fiend approached the woman, he suddenly found that his speed was becoming slower and slower.
Every time he took a step closer to the woman, his speed would involuntarily decrease by half. When the little fiend was only two feet away from the woman, he floated in the air as if he was moving in slow motion.
The woman looked at the ugly little fiend and a trace of disgust and contempt appeared on her extremely beautiful face. She only said indifferently, "If the temperature drops to the extreme, all movements will slow down … Since you're not willing to stay outside, then go back!"
After saying that, she extended a white finger and lightly tapped the little fiend.
This little fiend stopped in the air and his dwarf-like body suddenly began to expand, rapidly expanding to ten times his original size.
"Pu!"
With an explosion, this little fiend instantly turned into a brown stream of light and entered the bodies of the other Great Demons present.
Even more brown light rushed out of the Great Demon Demon Palace and hit the bodies of the other Great Demons …
After doing this, the woman glanced indifferently at the remaining six little Devils. Those little Devils had completely restrained their personalities and gathered together to tremble.
The little Devils understood that the little fiend called "Pride" was really dead. He had been returned to the Great Demon Clan!
"Back then, I helped you draw out these emotions in order for your Great Demon Clan to grow stronger and end the chaos in the Abyss Demon Realm," the woman said indifferently. "It seems that I did the right thing. You've ruled the entire Abyss Demon Realm and are living quite well …"
She stared at Tut and continued, "Unfortunately, you've forgotten that you're essentially just a combination of the power of faith. You're not real existences. To put it simply, you're just a group of fantasy creatures!"
Although these Great Demons were powerful, they had never truly descended into this world. The traces they left behind, their powers, and everything about them were just "imagined".
"Yes, how can we be willing to live in the Abyss Demon Realm!" Garlu agreed.
Tut looked at the woman and said with a complicated expression, "What if we're willing to be these fantasy creatures?"
A disdainful smile appeared on the woman's cold face. She continued, "All the ferocious creatures in the Abyss Demon Realm have already entered the sixth level. They're all going to be reborn and remove the excess power of faith in their bodies at the same time. Do you think you have a choice?"
Tut, Carling, and the other Great Demons were shocked …
They had always been guided by this woman, but they had always thought that everything about her was limited to the Sea of Meditation. They did not expect this woman to be so capable.
Controlling all the ferocious creatures in the Abyss Demon Realm? Even the Great Demon Clan could not do that. They could only subdue those intelligent ferocious creatures.
"I'll fulfill my promise. If I succeed, you'll be able to escape the restraints of the Abyss Demon Realm," the woman said indifferently. "Then … should I kill you now, or should you go find those Saints and die?"
Hearing this, Tut and the other Great Demons had bitter expressions on their faces.
It was not that the three Great Demons did not have the strength to fight this woman …
But in front of this woman, they could not muster up the courage to fight her head-on!

Chapter 2428
"But there's so much power of faith. Can you … really devour it all?" Tutt was still making his final struggle.
The woman's eyes were cold as she shook her head slightly. "You don't need to worry about this. Just obediently contribute it."
The entire Abyss Demon Territory could be said to be a negative faith pool.
Ferocious creatures that died would all hand over excess power of faith.
A portion of this power of faith would turn into Shenwu coins, while some would silently nourish the entire Abyss Demon Territory.
Therefore, the total amount of power of faith in the Abyss Demon Territory had been constantly increasing over the countless years. The only place that depleted the power of faith was the Shenwu coins that were taken away by the wealthy families. However, compared to the power of faith that was replenished every year, the depletion was negligible.
But this time, the entire Abyss Demon Territory had a strange reaction.
All the ferocious creatures, no matter if they were strong or weak, all rushed neatly toward the Saints.
Their suicidal behavior meant that they were offering up their power of faith. However, this power of faith was no longer scattered in the Abyss Demon Territory. Instead, it was collected by this woman.
Under the woman's forceful gaze, Tutt finally lowered his head and nodded helplessly. "Alright!"
Jia Lu had already led most of the demons to contribute the power of faith in their bodies.
Currently, only a small number of demons in the entire Demon Tribe still retained their strength. However, Tutt and the other two Great Demons occupied the majority.
"What do the two of you think?" The woman tilted her head and stared at the card spirit and the other Great Demon.
Tutt had already submitted to this woman, so these two Great Demons naturally had no reason to persist.
Moreover, this woman really had the ability to bring them out of the Abyss Demon Territory. Therefore, they nodded at the same time …
…
…
On the sixth level of the Abyss Demon Territory, among those towering mountains.
"Ao ao ao …"
In the sky, pairs of Double-winged Fire Bats with fleshy wings covered the sky as they rushed over …
"These fire bats are a little threatening. Although their destructive power isn't strong, their explosive power is extremely terrifying. When a fire bat explodes, even a quasi-saint can be injured. There are hundreds of thousands of fire bats … We need to kill them in the periphery!" When a quasi-saint saw those dual-winged fire bats, there was a hint of fear in his eyes.
These Double-winged Fire Bats lurked in a certain lava cave on the second level of the Abyssal Demon Domain. Although they usually formed groups, there were usually only a hundred or eighty of them. However, that lava cave was too deep, and no one was willing to enter and explore it. Therefore, it was quite shocking that hundreds of thousands of them had suddenly appeared.
"Leave this thing to me …"
As Fang Shi Xing spoke, he soared into the air and waved his hands.
A boundless soul pressure spread out with him as the center …
"Great Ruling Art!"
This soul pressure had no effect on the members of the Wealthy Alliance, but when it spread to the Two-winged Fire Bats, the situation was very different.
All the Double-winged Fire Bats controlled by Fang Shixing's "Great Ruling Skill" suddenly changed their direction and crashed into the nearest Double-winged Fire Bat …
"Boom boom boom boom!"
The explosion of the Double-Winged Fire Bat sent out a dazzling light and a shockwave that was enough to shake space.
Just as that quasi-saint had said, the explosive might of these Twin-winged Fire Bats was indeed very terrifying.
The self-destruction of one of the Twin-winged Fire Bats immediately detonated dozens of Twin-winged Fire Bats around it, causing an even more intense explosion …
Although the other Twin-winged Fire Bats avoided the shockwaves caused by these explosions, they soon fell into Fang Shi Xing's "Great Ruling Skill" and were willingly detonated again.
"Boom boom …"
The deafening explosion continued to reverberate in everyone's ears.
These Twin-winged Fire Bats were like huge fireworks, contributing the last bit of light and heat to everyone …
Of course, what the Saints did not know was that after these bats self-destructed, they left behind traces of invisible and colorless power of faith that was gathering toward the smoke that could not be dispersed.
In addition to these Twin-winged Fire Bats, there were also all kinds of ferocious creatures running wildly on the land.
The Wealthy Alliance was still "trapped" here …
Of course, this was not a predicament for the Saints. After all, the ferocious creatures coming from all directions were too weak, and the advantage in numbers was sometimes not an advantage.
"Dong …"
Amidst the explosion of the Twin-winged Fire Bats in the sky, there was suddenly a huge tremor.
"Dong, dong …"
"It's the sound of footsteps." Dongfang Chunjun's eyes were filled with caution.
The other Saints also looked solemn. They did not believe that the Evil Demon Clan would be so easy to deal with.
Very soon, those huge figures in the distance appeared in front of Dongfang Chunjun …
"Three Great Evil Demons!"
"I'm afraid there's going to be another fierce battle!"
"Dongfang Chunjun spent a lot of effort to deal with Jia Lu earlier. Now, there are three of them …"
Some Perfect True Gods' faces became very ugly.
Even the Secondary Sages could only barely maintain their composure.
However, the Saints all looked expectant. After all, it was too boring for them to deal with these small fries in the Abyss Demon Region.
Only these Great Evil Demons were worthy of their abilities!
"Dong dong!"
The bodies of the three Great Evil Demons, Tut, and Ka Ling were already standing in front of the Wealthy Alliance.
However, compared to Jia Lu, these three Great Evil Demons had no intention to fight at all, especially the leader, Tut, who looked unwilling …
Dongfang Chunjun and the other Saints felt extremely strange, but at the same time, they were also very vigilant. They were also afraid that the Evil Demon Clan would play some tricks.
However, at this moment, a scene that the Saints never expected happened!
The three Great Evil Demons looked at each other and smiled bitterly. They actually stabbed their hands into their chests at the same time!
"What … are they doing?"
"Self-destructing?"
"Jia Lu did the same thing earlier. However, they self-destructed before they even attacked. What's the meaning of this!"
Countless thoughts flashed through everyone's minds. They really could not understand the Evil Demons' actions.
Of course, although they felt strange, almost everyone retreated as fast as they could. After all, the power of these Great Evil Demons' self-destruction was too terrifying. As long as they were affected, they would probably end up being smashed into pieces.
Fortunately, everyone had enough time to retreat after the self-destruction this time …
After these three Great Evil Demons self-destructed, the impact that spread out was several times more terrifying than Jia Lu's self-destruction.
The endless mountain range was almost instantly turned into fine powder. Streams of magma shot out from the bottom of the mountain like fire dragons crazily splashing magma from the ground.

Chapter 2429
The self-destruction of the three Great Evil Demons created a huge hole.
The air at the bottom poured up and flowed with the hot air baked by the magma, forming a strong wind …
"Three Great Evil Demons self-destructed just like that!"
"I can't believe it …"
"No matter what their reason is, there shouldn't be anyone below who can fight us!"
The Perfected True Gods and quasi-sages discussed.
Even Hua Tianming looked at the scene in front of him with a stunned expression, and a trace of doubt welled up in his heart.
During the battle on the Plains of Despair, the self-destruction of the Great Evil Demon called Jia Lu was a little confusing.
This was the home ground of the Evil Demons. Even if Jia Lu was no match for Dongfang Chunjun, he could choose to escape or ask for reinforcements …
If this Great Evil Demon fought together, Dongfang Chunjun and the others might not be a match!
Now, it was even more ridiculous. The three Great Evil Demons that appeared later directly chose to self-destruct …
"They were … forced!"
Such a thought emerged in Hua Tianming's heart.
But who could force these Great Evil Demons to commit suicide? What was the purpose?
If there was really someone or even a force that could force them to commit suicide, then how strong was this person?
"They were probably forced to self-destruct."
Dongfang Chunjun spoke as Hua Tianming came to this conclusion.
"Mm." Mu Haiji nodded slightly. "I can see that these Great Evil Demons are very unwilling."
Dongfang Chunjun narrowed his eyes and pointed ahead. "The lowest level of the Abyss Demon Territory is a huge trap. Something is luring us into this trap, although I can't guess the purpose of this thing."
Fang Shixing, Tang Lun, and the other Sages' expressions also became serious.
They all agreed with Dongfang Chunjun's judgment …
However, they had to control the Abyss Demon Territory this time. Even if they knew that there was a trap ahead, they had no other choice.
The only choice was to retreat and leave the Abyss Demon Territory. Many people thought of this, but they didn't say it directly.
Finally, Mu Haiji asked, "Why don't we give up first this time?"
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flickered slowly, revealing a pondering expression.
After a long time, he shook his head and said, "Give up … We can't give up anymore."
The experts brought back by Luo Zheng were eyeing the God Domain covetously from outside. They could rush into the God Domain at any time.
He couldn't possibly place all his hopes on "Huyan" and the other Xuanyuan Guardians. In the end, he still needed to borrow the power of the divine realm. His destination was already close at hand. How could he, Dongfang Chunjun, give up now?
That was impossible!
Hearing Dongfang Chunjun's words, Tang Lun suddenly laughed boldly. "Who cares what it is? I'm going to burn it anyway! What are you afraid of? "
"You're right. This is the God's Domain. How powerful can a monster be?" Mu Haiji's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
Although the three Sages had expended a lot of energy to deal with a Great Demon, they had yet to use their trump cards.
If they really fought with their lives on the line, the power that each Saint could unleash was not to be underestimated …
"This time, I will risk my life to accompany Brother Chunjun!"
"At worst, I'll just form a new body in the universe!"
"…"
Since the three Sages had such attitudes, the other Sages immediately expressed their stance. After all, Sages wouldn't really die. At worst, they could just return to the universe and form a new body.
However, the faces of the quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods present didn't look too good.
Sages weren't afraid of death because they wouldn't die at all …
There was a difference in cultivation between quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods. If they died, they wouldn't have another chance.
"Since they know it's a trap, why do they want us to jump in with them?"
"We won't be of much use anyway …"
"Does this mean they want us to die with them?"
Some quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods already wanted to escape, but they didn't dare to show it. They only cursed in their hearts.
The Sages were so meticulous. How could they not have thought of this?
Dongfang Chunjun suddenly turned his head and said, "This trip is considered a gamble. If the gamble is wrong, even people as strong as us might die inside. You won't have another chance. If you don't want to go, you can choose to go back now!"
As he spoke, Dongfang Chunjun glanced at Dongfang Chunjun and Hua Tianming. "Taiqing and Sky Sword need to go with me. I will protect you."
Dongfang Taiqing and Hua Tianming nodded at the same time.
Only Perfect True Gods could control the forbidden area. If they really succeeded, someone had to stand up.
"Mu Xuerong, come with me," Mu Haiji said.
"Yes! Father. "Mu Xuerong took a step forward.
The other Sages also had many orders. Naturally, they had to bring along a Perfect True God.
"I'm afraid no one will be able to leave …"
Emperor Hanqing quietly observed the thick fog in the sky. When he saw the movements of the fog, he silently said in his heart.
This thick fog had floated in the sky above the Abyss Demon Region for countless years. It was like a thick cotton cloth that covered all the light in the sky.
For countless years, this thick fog didn't change at all. However, at this time, the thick fog in the sky started to slowly spin, forming a huge vortex …
And the center of the vortex happened to be above the Sages' heads!
At the same time …
Ripples suddenly appeared on the surface of the Meditation Ocean.
This black water region had always been as smooth as a mirror. No matter how strong the power was, it would disappear into the black water.
However, at this moment, invisible tornadoes sucked the black water into the sky, forming a spectacle of "waterspouts"!
The black water mixed into the grey-white fog like ink dripping onto rice paper. Instantly, large patches of the fog were dyed black, and the light in the Abyss Demon Region dimmed even more.
"Hum!"
A dazzling pillar of light shot down vertically from the fog, hitting not far in front of everyone …
After the three demons self-destructed, a huge gap appeared in the path ahead. Below this gap was the seventh level of the Abyss Demon Region.
When the beam of light struck down, an icy aura came from afar, blocking everyone's path. It actually cut through the space and blocked everyone's path!
"Hmph, looks like you're determined to get it?" Mu Haiji looked at the seventh level of the Abyss Demon Region and sneered.
Blocking their path of retreat so brazenly was undoubtedly the most arrogant provocation!
"Then let's see who has the last laugh," Dongfang Chunjun said coldly.
With that, he turned into a stream of light and shot forward …

Chapter 2430
The seventh layer of the Abyss Demonic Domain was the lair of the Fiends.
The entire Abyss Demonic Domain used this place as its center and expanded in all directions.
After the white beam of light fell from the sky, the temperature of the Fiend Lair suddenly dropped …
"Why is the temperature so low?"
"What the hell happened?"
"What is that white light …"
Apart from the few Great Fiends, the other Fiends, including the Fiend Commanders, didn't know what was happening.
Facing the sudden phenomenon, they were at a loss.
"Peep, peep, peep …"
A crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the Fiend Hall towering at the center of the Fiend Lair.
"Crack, crack …"
Suddenly, it was as if a giant invisible hand had pinched the Fiend Hall.
The Fiend Hall was cut in half in the blink of an eye!
"Roar …"
Several Devil Hounds in their huge cages roared.
The vicious Devil Hounds seemed to have felt some indescribable fear and their fierce roars contained a trace of grief.
"Ah …"
Some of the human women imprisoned in the Fiend Hall were freed, but they had already forgotten how to escape and could only scream in a corner.
"Rumble …"
On the flat square in front of the Fiend Hall, a slender transparent spire suddenly appeared.
As the ground of the plaza continued to crack, a transparent crystal palace emerged from the ground.
However, this crystal palace was only a small part of the underground palace, or it could be said that it was only the entrance.
"Weng …"
As the palace "grew" out of the ground, a thin layer of ice condensed on the surface of the Fiend Lair under the invasion of the cold air.
"Whoosh …"
From the collapsed gate of the Fiend Hall, a beautiful human woman walked out.
She gently took a step on the thin layer of ice, and her body quickly slid on the ice, sliding to the front door of the palace.
A milky white cold air constantly spiraled behind her and in the blink of an eye, a sparkling and translucent throne took shape. She gently leaned back and lay on the throne while looking into the distance.
When Dongfang Chunjun flew out of the gap and saw the dilapidated Fiend Hall, he frowned slightly and his gaze fell on the woman.
He had a premonition that these demons had been forced by the woman before him …
"Who are you?" Dongfang Chunjun stared at the woman and asked.
"It's too slow. I've waited for so long. A Great Demon like Garu isn't that strong, but it's still so difficult to deal with him. How can he be called the most powerful Saint in the Divine Domain?" The woman leaned against the ice throne and gently shook her delicate head. Her beautiful eyes revealed a faint look of disdain.
"If I use my full strength, I can kill Jia Lu alone." Dongfang Chunjun stared at the woman with a sharp glint in his eyes. "But what does our strength have to do with you?"
The woman curled her lips and her cold and pleasant voice sounded again, "Of course it's related. You came to the Abyss Devil Domain because you want to control this forbidden area, right?"
"Yes," Dongfang Chunjun replied without hesitation.
In Dongfang Chunjun's opinion, no matter if it was a monster or a human, as long as the other party was satisfied, there was no need to fight!
"Do you know what the thing that controls the Abyss Devil Domain is?" The woman stroked the hair beside her face and asked in a pleasant voice.
No one could answer this question.
Although Dongfang Chunjun had planned for the Abyss Devil Domain for so long, he didn't even know what the bottom level of the Abyss Devil Domain was like.
Every forbidden area was explored at the bottom level. Only then could they uncover the secrets within and control the most important forbidden area's divine artifacts.
For example, the scepter in the Soul Desolate. Before Shi Xiaoqiao obtained it, who knew?
Not to mention Dongfang Chunjun and the others, even the demons didn't know!
A trace of pity appeared in the woman's eyes. "You don't even know this, and you dare to enter the Abyss Devil Domain?"
"Hmph, no one has been to this damned place before. It's our first time too. It's normal that we don't know!" Tang Lun glared at the woman and shouted.
The woman was extremely beautiful, but she exuded an evil aura. According to Tang Lun's habits, he would have just smashed her into a bloody mess. But now, he listened to Dongfang Chunjun's orders.
"Hehe …"
When the woman heard Tang Lun's interruption, she gently crossed her legs and pointed at Tang Lun.
"Hum!"
The cloud in the sky once again shot out a bright white light.
When this light shot down, it was very far away from the Saints. They only saw a flash of light and didn't think much of it.
But now that it was descending, the Saints realized the power contained within the light!
It was a power that could not be resisted!
"Do you think I'm afraid of you!?"
Tang Lun glared and began to fight fiercely.
Suddenly, a flame burst out from his chest and enveloped his entire body.
The scorching heat of the flame attacked in all directions. Some of the Saints around him had no choice but to retreat!
"Divine Night Flame!"
The flames that surged out of Tang Lun's chest were red, purple, and black flames!
These three flames mixed together and exuded an unparalleled domineering aura.
The flames in the Divine Domain had been nurtured by the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao. There were thousands of flames of all colors and shapes, but all of them had to bow down to these three flames!
Even Fang Shixing, Mu Haiji, and the other Saints showed fear in their eyes when they saw the three Divine Night Flames.
They didn't expect Tang Lun to be hiding such a divine ability!
In the Divine Dao of Fledgling Fire, there was probably no one more proficient than him.
When the Divine Night Flame was formed, it spiraled into a vertical pillar of fire that shot up into the sky and collided with the descending pillar of light.
But at that moment, Dongfang Chunjun reached out to grab Tang Lun!
When his hand reached for Tang Lun, the Divine Night Flame on Tang Lun's chest was pushed aside by a strange space. Dongfang Chunjun grabbed Tang Lun's clothes without any obstruction and pulled to the side.
"Hum!"
At that moment, the descending pillar of light in the sky had already swallowed the three Divine Night Flames. The pillar of light didn't slow down at all and continued to shoot down.
The pillar of light almost brushed past Tang Lun's right shoulder and hit the ground …
Tang Lun's right arm was only lightly grazed by the pillar of light and disappeared without a sound.
The beam of light devoured Tang Lun's flames and his right arm, but it didn't cause any great disturbance.
But in silence, it was fatal!

Chapter 2431
Dongfang Chunjun did not answer the woman's question. He merely snorted coldly and grabbed her with his palm!
"Slash …"
A black claw mark pierced through space and arrived in front of the woman.
This claw print seemed ordinary, but the power it contained was extremely terrifying. Any Sage would have to go all out to deal with this claw.
However, the woman only raised her eyebrows slightly. She tapped her finger lightly, and a white light as thick as an arm descended from the sky again.
As if it had been calculated, it directly collided with the black claw mark …
"Puff!"
As the two collided, only a muffled sound was heard, and it was quickly annihilated.
Dongfang Chunjun immediately frowned, but the woman smiled as if she did not take it seriously at all.
Just now, Tang Lun had suffered a loss at the hands of this woman, so Dongfang Chunjun was bound to attack!
He knew that he could not severely injure this woman, but he still had to save some face. Therefore, Dongfang Chunjun almost used all his strength in this attack, but it was still easily resolved by this woman. This woman's strength was beyond Dongfang Chunjun's expectations.
Although Dongfang Chunjun attacked rashly, this woman did not seem to be angered.
The smile on her face was still warm, and she said softly, "Now is not the time to fight. Back to the question just now, aren't you looking for the faith treasure that controls the Abyssal Demon Region?"
"Yes." Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed with a strange light.
"It's with me." The woman smiled slightly.
Hearing this, all the Saints present revealed a hint of emotion.
Could it be that this woman's strength was so strong because she had that faith treasure?
Everyone's eyes were burning with passion, especially those Perfect True Gods. If they had that faith treasure, their strength and status would instantly be on par with Dongfang Chunjun, and they might even surpass him!
"If you're willing to hand over that faith treasure, we can cooperate." Dongfang Chunjun's eyes became deep. "I'll try my best to satisfy you in the Divine Territory!"
"Is that so?" The woman's face showed a hint of anticipation.
Seeing this woman's expression, Dongfang Chunjun was delighted. He did not know where this woman came from, but he still felt that something was not right. Perhaps he could really get that faith treasure from her?
"Yes." Dongfang Chunjun nodded solemnly. "I, Dongfang Chunjun, am the number one Saint. If I can't do it, I'm afraid no one else can!"
"Alright, then help me clear out all the True Gods in the Divine Realm!" The woman's eyes were filled with ruthlessness and viciousness.
"What …"
"Kill all the Gods in the God Domain? Has she gone mad? "
"This woman is a lunatic. It's not strange for her to say such things, is it?"
Hearing this, many people began to mutter.
This request was too much. Not to mention that they couldn't do it, even if they could, they wouldn't do it.
The Aristocratic Alliance wanted to unify God's Domain, but they were still a part of God's Domain. No matter how crazy they were, they wouldn't do such a thing.
However, this woman's expression was serious and didn't seem to be faking it …
Dongfang Chunjun's expression froze, and he asked rather helplessly, "What enmity do you have with the people of the divine realm?"
Strictly speaking, all True Gods, including the Saints, belonged to the category of Gods.
Did this mean that this woman had enmity with all the humans in God's Domain?
"Because you don't deserve to own this world. You don't have the right …" The woman suddenly changed the topic halfway through her sentence. "There's no point in saying more. That faith treasure is in my ice palace. If you want to take it away, it depends on whether you have the strength and luck …"
With that, the ice crystal throne behind her suddenly shattered and turned into ice shards. She stepped on the ice shards and slowly pushed open the door of the ice palace.
Before entering the ice palace, she suddenly said, "But you don't have any other way out!"
After blinking, she disappeared into the ice palace.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The huge cloud above the Abyss Demonic Realm spun even more violently.
The black cloud had completely covered the sixth and seventh levels of the Abyss Demonic Realm. The entire world seemed to be immersed in eternal night.
"Hualala …"
A tongue of fire spat out from the wound on Tang Lun's right shoulder. The tongue of fire condensed and vaguely formed the shape of an arm.
As he healed himself, he kept cursing that woman.
Mu Haiji asked Dongfang Chunjun, "Are we going in?"
"There's no way out. Of course we have to go in." Dongfang Chunjun nodded.
Then, he took the lead and walked toward the door of the ice palace.
The others knew that they had no choice, so they followed behind Dongfang Chunjun. However, most of them did not look too good.
Who knew what was inside the ice palace?
The strength that this woman had displayed was enough to make everyone afraid. Now that they were plunging in, it was easy for them to imagine the danger they were about to face.
Only Emperor Hanqing's expression remained the same, calm and collected.
…
…
"Hualala …"
More than half of the black water in the huge Meditation Sea had been sucked out.
A large "bubble" appeared on the surface of the black water. Chen Huangyi stood above the bubble and looked at the abnormality in the sky.
"How could this be …"
"More than half of the Meditation Sea has been sucked away. Is this related to Luo Zheng?"
Chen Huangyi helped Luo Zheng mobilize the Primordial Fear power in the Meditation Sea, but he was targeted by those "evildoers" as soon as he began.
At first, Chen Huangyi thought that it was a coincidence. Later, he realized that they were clearly targeting Luo Zheng!
There were many "unknown things" in the Meditation Sea, but they were not very aggressive. As long as one had Burning Grass and Flamegold, they were not afraid of those unknown things at all. However, the evildoers were different. No matter who encountered them, it would be very troublesome.
However, the number of unknown things like "evildoers" was very small. Chen Huangyi had only encountered them a few times after wandering in the Meditation Sea for so many years.
Luo Zheng had only entered the Meditation Sea for the first time, and he had already encountered a group of "evildoers"?
This was too much of a coincidence. Luo Zheng's luck could not be so bad!
"Perhaps Luo Zheng's bloodline attracted the attention of the unknown things? That's not right … What does Luo Zheng's bloodline have to do with the Abyss Fiend Realm? "
Complicated thoughts swirled in Chen Huangyi's mind. During this period of time, Chen Huangyi had dived into the depths of the sea many times to search for Luo Zheng, but where could he find him?
If Luo Zheng really died in the Meditation Sea, what should he do?

Chapter 2432
Although Chen Huang Yijian was afraid of those great demons, he could not care so much at the critical moment.
Through Luo Zheng's words, he already knew the purpose of Dongfang Chunjun and the others.
He had been immersed in the Abyss Demon Realm for so many years, and it was definitely not just to drag out an ignoble existence!
Even if he had to face the threat of the Saints and the great demons, Chen Huang Yijian did not hesitate.
Whoosh!
The journey was extremely smooth …
After all, all the monsters in the Abyss Demon Realm had been killed. After those monsters released the excess faith power, they returned to their respective lairs to be reborn.
Not long after, Chen Huang Yijian saw the huge 'gap'.
After seeing this' gap ', he took a deep breath.
How strong did the explosion have to be to cause such a big wound?
Chen Huang Yijian naturally could not imagine the scene of three great demons self-destructing …
After looking around, Chen Huang Yijian followed the gap and entered the seventh floor. Soon, he saw the broken demon hall and a large group of demons!
"These demons …"
When Chen Huang Yijian saw these demons, his heart skipped a beat. Almost reflexively, he wanted to hide.
But when he looked carefully, he suddenly found that these demons were very small, only thirty meters tall …
He had been in the Abyss Demon Realm for so many years and knew that the more powerful a demon was, the more they would strengthen themselves after absorbing enough faith power. Therefore, their bodies were extremely tall, especially those great demons, who were six to seven thousand meters tall!
When the Fiends saw Chen Huang's Yi Sword, their eyes opened wide.
The demons only dared to gather after seeing the people of the Grand Alliance enter the ice palace.
The demons were still very unwilling to be forced to release their faith power. But under that woman's tyrannical power, they had no choice.
However, the demons did not choose to escape …
Anyway, the faith power had already been handed over. Even if they were killed again, they would still be reborn to their current state. There was nothing to regret.
Whoosh!
After seeing the situation clearly, Chen Huang Yijian was no longer afraid. He landed at the main entrance of the ice palace and asked a demon, "Where are the Saints?"
"Can't you see for yourself? Weren't they lured in by that damn woman! "the demon said angrily.
On one hand, they were unwilling to submit to this woman, but on the other hand, if this woman could really succeed, they would indeed have the chance to leave the Abyss Devil Realm!
"Women? Lure them in? "
Chen Huang Yijian's face revealed a trace of doubt.
When he landed in front of the ice palace, he felt a strange feeling in his heart.
He tossed the Evil Demon aside and walked towards the main entrance of the Ice Palace. At the same time, he pulled out a longsword.
This sword was the one that Luo Zheng had inserted into the Meditation Sea. Because Luo Zheng had established a subtle connection with the sword, Chen Huangyi's sword had attempted to use this sword to determine whether Luo Zheng was alive or dead.
But in the Sea of Meditation, he couldn't sense the existence of Luo Zheng. But now, there was a reaction!
"Luo Zheng is in the Ice Palace? How did he leave the Meditation Sea? "
Chen Huang Yijian's eyes lit up. He pushed open the door of the Ice Palace and rushed in while facing the cold air.
…
…
"Hualala …"
Dozens of crystal clear ceilings were punched through by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng drilled down the huge hole …
This ice palace wasn't an illusion array. The walls and ceilings that were smashed by Luo Zheng didn't repair themselves.
No matter how big the ice palace was, it still had an end. After Luo Zheng chose a direction, he continued to move forward, believing that he would eventually be able to leave.
"Whoosh!"
The illusion Luo Zheng followed closely behind him.
"You don't need to waste your time. I think it's better for you to obediently wait for master," said the illusion Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not pay any attention to this fellow and continued to dig!
"Bang!"
"Hualala …"
Countless ice crystals bloomed, just like a fairy scattering flowers.
Seeing the illusion Luo Zheng close in again, Luo Zheng jumped and threw a punch at the illusion Luo Zheng.
"Pu!"
The illusion Luo Zheng blocked the punch and was sent flying hundreds of meters away …
Without using the power of the Rage God, the two of them were almost equal in strength. Luo Zheng's punch couldn't hurt the illusion.
However, Luo Zheng's goal wasn't to kill this guy. He just wanted to distance himself from this illusion!
He didn't know how many floors he had drilled down …
Below him were still layers upon layers of transparent ice palaces, as if they were really endless.
"I told you not to waste your energy," the illusion Luo Zheng followed up and smiled at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng frowned, stared at the illusion and asked, "Then tell me, who is your master?"
"It's me …"
A voice came from above.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a fair-skinned, extremely beautiful woman sitting on the edge of the hole in the ceiling.
This big hole was made by Luo Zheng just now.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng stared coldly at the woman and asked.
The woman had a faint smile on her face, and jumped down from above.
"Da!"
Her slender legs bent lightly, and she stood firmly beside the illusion Luo Zheng.
"I am me …"
While answering, she hugged the illusion Luo Zheng.
The illusion Luo Zheng seemed to be completely submissive, and touched the woman's white and smooth face with his hands.
To be honest, Luo Zheng couldn't help but have a strange feeling when he saw an identical version of himself being so intimate with a woman of unknown origin.
He still asked, "Why did you trap me here?"
The woman raised her neck, and seemed to enjoy the touch of the illusion Luo Zheng. She narrowed her eyes and said faintly, "Because you are the only person from the Jiuli tribe in so many years! I'm so lucky to meet you in the Black Water Domain! "
So it was because of his bloodline …
Luo Zheng's conjecture was the same as Chen Huang Yijian's.
Otherwise, Chen Huang Yijian had stayed in the Black Water Domain for so many years, living in peace with those unknown things. Why would Luo Zheng suddenly change as soon as he came?
This could only be explained by his bloodline …
"Even if I'm from the Jiuli tribe, what's your purpose for trapping me here?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
The woman got rid of the illusion and walked slowly towards Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2433
Was this woman a lunatic …
Luo Zheng towered on the spot, also having a flabbergasted appearance. "Purge the entire Divine Realm? What do you want to purge? "
"All the illusory humans," the woman answered seriously.
"You mean … you want to kill everyone?" Luo Zheng asked.
The woman raised her head and stared into Luo Zheng's eyes. Her bright eyes flowed with a moving luster. She said with a serious face, "Of course! What do you think? "
After confirming a few points, Luo Zheng tried to calm himself down.
This woman said she wanted to find a way to have a real body. In other words, she relied on the power of faith and was a vicious creature born in the Abyss Demon Realm!
From his experience in the Meditation Sea, it's very likely that this woman was born in the Meditation Sea. Could she also be a member of the Unknown Terror?
"Why do you want to kill all the humans?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The fierce light in the woman's eyes flickered again. "Because the Divine Realm belongs to our Jiuli clan! How can we let these insects with no bloodline get involved? Look at these Saint positions in the Divine Realm. They should belong to our Jiuli clan! But these lowly insects got involved. They … deserve to die! "
"But you are not from Jiuli. You don't have the bloodline of Chiyou," Luo Zheng said.
In the Divine Realm, only Luo Zheng and Li Luoshui had the bloodline of the Jiuli clan …
The woman in front of him could not even be considered a real "living being". Naturally, she could not be counted.
Hearing this, the woman smiled faintly. She stared at Luo Zheng with a blurred look in her eyes. That was the look of someone looking at their true love. "So it's my fortune to be able to find you in the Meditation Sea. Having you means having the bloodline of Chiyou, right?"
Although this woman did not show any hostility toward him, her gaze still made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end. Why was such a strange woman born in the Meditation Sea?
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a tremor under his feet.
"Boom …"
An explosive sound came from afar.
This voice came from far away, but it was still able to spread out with such power. One could imagine that there must be some experts wantonly destroying this ice palace.
"What's that sound?" Luo Zheng looked up.
The woman smiled and said, "Those Saints have come in!"
"How did they find this ice palace?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, his eyes showing vigilance.
Although the woman in front of him was not easy to deal with, she would not take his life for the time being. If he ran into Dongfang Chunjun and his gang, he would be in trouble!
The woman glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently, "I let them in!"
"You let them in? Why? "Luo Zheng asked again.
The woman didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. She just said, "Wait here …"
In her eyes, Luo Zheng would not be able to play a decisive role in what would happen next. His greatest use was his bloodline.
As she spoke, she lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot, and her figure had already passed through the layer of ice, sliding upwards …
…
…
The upper level of the Ice Palace …
After the Saints entered the ice palace, after a period of confusion, they began to explore downwards.
Even though the woman said that the treasure of faith that controlled the Abyss Demon Realm was here, they didn't mind digging up the entire ice palace!
When they started, they realized that this ice palace was so huge.
After several Quasi-sages and Perfected True Gods took turns to test it, Tang Lun, who couldn't hold back anymore, stood out.
His feet stepped on the translucent ice, and he abruptly punched downwards!
"Bang!"
A scorching aura spread in all directions, instantly expelling the surrounding cold air.
The ice walls that were slightly closer to Tang Lun quickly melted …
Then, a circular pillar of fire rushed downwards!
The floor and ceiling of this ice palace were unable to withstand a single blow from this pillar of fire, evaporating into white mist in an instant!
In the blink of an eye, Tang Lun had "dug" out a tunnel that was fifty to sixty thousand feet long!
However, this pillar of fire suddenly stopped when it was sixty thousand feet long …
It wasn't that Tang Lun held back or was exhausted. As long as Tang Lun had enough Taoist Connotation, his pillar of fire could theoretically be extended indefinitely.
Tang Lun's gaze followed the hole below where the pillar of fire had been removed, and his expression suddenly froze.
"That woman blocked my flames from below …"
In the exchange just now, Tang Lun had lost an arm in just one round, so he was naturally wary of this woman now.
"Let's go down!"
Dongfang Chunjun didn't hesitate and jumped down from the hole that Tang Lun had dug.
Although that woman was very strong, Dongfang Chunjun wouldn't back down.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
When the others saw this, they all followed behind him …
The woman at the bottom looked at the Saints flying down from the sky, and the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. Then, she stretched out her finger and gently knocked on an ice pillar beside her.
"Hum …"
The black smoke above the Abyss Demon Realm quickly covered downwards and drilled into the ice palace …
The first to notice the abnormality was Chen Huangyi Jian.
He was the last to enter the ice palace. After entering the ice palace, he felt Luo Zheng's position through the sword that Luo Zheng had inserted into the Sea of Meditation.
When he determined the approximate position, his expression suddenly froze. "This ice palace is so big?"
However, as long as he held this long sword, he could always sense Luo Zheng's position, which made Chen Huangyi Jian feel slightly relieved.
However, before he could go down two or three levels, a thick black fog suddenly surged in from outside the ice palace!
These black rooms didn't just spread in the space of the ice palace, they even spread in the ice. The originally crystal clear ice buildings suddenly became as black as charcoal.
"What kind of fog is this …"
Chen Huangyi Jian was quickly submerged in the black fog.
As he sank into the black fog, a strong sense of fear rose from the depths of his heart!
"The power of primordial fear?"
Chen Huangyi Jian's face was filled with a strange expression. At the same time, he felt a cold wind coming from behind him, as if a ghost had blown a breath of air behind him.
Almost like a conditioned reflex, Chen Huangyi Jian flew forward, and at the same time, took out a small piece of gold from his Sumeru Ring.
It was the "Grass Flame Gold" used in the black water.
This piece of Grass Flame Gold bloomed with a dazzling golden light, and the "unknown thing" hidden in the darkness immediately retreated.
The fear in Chen Huangyi Jian's heart quickly melted like snow under the sun, and he breathed a deep sigh of relief.

Chapter 2434
Chen Huangyi had the Grass Flame Metal, so he was not afraid of the "unknown thing" in the black fog.
However, the others were in trouble …
The black fog rushed in and absorbed all the light like a lamp that was blown out. Everyone was immersed in darkness.
"It's so dark!"
"What is this?"
"There's something in the darkness!"
The Perfected True Gods and Secondary Sages quickly sank into fear.
They felt something swimming around them in the darkness, and the cold air coming from the ice palace made the hair on their backs stand up.
"Disperse the black fog!"
A Secondary Sage's fingertip suddenly lit up with a blinding white light.
If this white light was outside, it would be enough to blind ordinary people. However, in here, this white light could not spread out at all.
Everyone only felt the white light flash, and then they sank into darkness again!
"Fire, come!"
One of the Sages growled.
This Sage was also proficient in the Fledgling Fire Divine Path. Although he was not as powerful as Tang Lun, he could not be underestimated.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
A dragon-shaped flame soared into the sky, emitting a bright yellow light.
However, the situation of this dragon-shaped flame was exactly the same as the white light. The light just flashed and disappeared.
However, everyone could still hear the "whoosh" sound of the flame burning. This meant that the Sage's flame had not been extinguished, but the light could not be transmitted.
Even the Sage looked like he had seen a ghost. He was clearly controlling his flame, and this flame was so close, but he could not see it? What kind of logic was this …
Although everyone present had experienced great storms, the fear in their hearts spread little by little, and it was inevitable that they would panic.
"Those things are getting closer and closer!"
"Kill it!"
Whoosh!
A sword light flashed in the darkness, and at the same time, there was a scream. Someone had accidentally injured a colleague.
Everyone was in a mess. If they did not stop it, there was even a possibility that they would kill each other.
"Shut up, all of you!"
Dongfang Chunjun suddenly roared.
There was an irresistible Taoist connotation in his voice. This Taoist connotation came from the Great Ruling Technique.
Normally, Dongfang Chunjun's prestige was enough for him to control everything, so he rarely used this technique. However, the situation was completely out of control now, and he had to protect it!
After he roared, the entire place fell silent.
The fear in their hearts was suppressed by Dongfang Chunjun's mental power. After forgetting their fear, they calmed down instead.
Those "unknown things" had always been there, even quietly circling around them.
Dongfang Chunjun could feel it too, but he ignored it.
"Follow me and keep going!" Dongfang Chunjun said.
In his eyes, that woman must have some ulterior motive for luring the Saints down.
Even if the Ice Palace was turned into a world of darkness, they probably wouldn't attack directly …
In any case, everyone could use their Divine Sense normally. Even if they couldn't see, they could still move freely with their Divine Sense.
Under Dongfang Chunjun's lead, the group continued to fly downward.
When the woman blocked Tang Lun's flame just now, Dongfang Chunjun had completely locked his Divine Sense on her.
At this time, a killing intent quietly appeared in his eyes. At the same time, he used a true essence sound transmission to say, "If I can catch up to that woman, I will immediately imprison her. Everyone can attack with everything you have!"
Dongfang Chunjun was also very wary of that woman.
However, being wary was one thing. It didn't mean that he would be afraid and retreat.
However, just as Dongfang Chunjun accelerated, his brows furrowed slightly. In his Divine Sense, that woman was also constantly descending!
…
…
Everyone found it difficult to adapt to this dark environment.
However, she was born in the Black Water Domain. Returning to the darkness was as easy as a fish entering the water.
"Go, children. I have enough faith power to provide you. Remember their aura and possess their power …"
She blew a breath in the darkness.
One by one, the "formless" swam in the darkness and flew in the opposite direction.
These "formless" were the "unknown things" that Chen Huang Yijian mentioned.
For so many years, Chen Huang Yijian had always wanted to explore the form of the "unknown things". He believed that the "unknown things" should be visible, but there had been no results.
In fact, "formless" itself did not have a complete form.
However, in the Black Water Domain, if "formless" was given a period of time, it was enough to replicate a complete object!
What Chen Huang Yijian did not know was that before this, "formless" had replicated him countless times and then sent the replicated Chen Huang Yijian into another world.
Moreover, formless's replication was not as simple as an illusion. It was a complete replication. As long as it was a living being that had existed in the Divine Realm, it could completely replicate it, provided that it could consume a large amount of faith power.
Those demons and countless ferocious creatures in the Abyss Demon Domain had been forced to "die" by this woman. The faith power that they released was completely collected by her. Now that she had a large amount of faith power, she could naturally support these "formless" to replicate these saints!
Although the faith power in the Abyss Demon Domain was negative, it still came from the "people of God", from the "True God". In theory, this faith power belonged to the "Chi You" who created the Divine Realm.
Using faith power to replicate, in a sense, was already considered to be in the category of "creation".
This was also why she could replicate another Luo Zheng …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Dongfang Chunjun led everyone through at high speed.
A distance of tens of thousands of feet was not even a blink of an eye for a saint, but the woman was not slow either. She kept escaping in the ice palace, and her speed was not inferior to Dongfang Chunjun's!
However, as they flew, Dongfang Chunjun felt the fear in his heart grow stronger and stronger!
Not only him, but everyone also felt that there were several invisible things circling around them.
However, when they used their divine consciousness to scan, it was empty …
The fear of the unknown quietly rose from their hearts.
"This is just a man-made illusion. Everyone, ignore it!" Dongfang Chunjun said.
He activated the "Great Ruling Technique" again, and his majestic voice drilled into everyone's minds again, suppressing the fear in their hearts …
During this process, the "formless" following them were rapidly changing their forms.

Chapter 2435
In the darkness, the woman shuttled through the ice palace at high speed.
This huge ice palace had tens of thousands of floors under it. There were countless rooms and countless ice pillars.
This huge ice palace was not built by this woman. It was built by someone else.
However, after she found this ice palace at the bottom of the Abyss Demonic Realm, she had wandered around for countless years and was very familiar with it.
Whoosh!
She leaped up and slid down the stairs in front of her. She moved down the stairs at an extremely high efficiency.
As the woman ran, she clasped her hands together and formed a unique seal.
"Buzz buzz …"
An invisible power of faith was transmitted from the Abyss Demonic Realm to the formless through the seal on her hands!
It was the first time she used such a huge amount of power of faith.
This faith power was different from the "potential" of a true god. The "potential" of a true god's inner world was also faith power, but their inner world was completely under their control. Every true god could control the faith power in their inner world with ease.
However, the power of faith the woman used belonged to Chiyou. It belonged to the Divine Realm itself, so it was naturally much more difficult to use it directly.
Previously in the ice palace, she had used the power of faith to suppress Dongfang Chunjun and the other Saints …
Her greatest reliance was still the "Formless"!
Now it seemed that the Saints had seen through some clues and were now chasing after her.
Fortunately, Dongfang Chunjun could lock onto her, and she could also lock onto Dongfang Chunjun.
Plus, she was more familiar with this ice palace. At least she could get rid of those Saints for a short time!
However, it would take some time for the formless to duplicate a target. It was not convenient for her to attack during this time.
…
Clang …
A large layer of ice was penetrated. Dongfang Chunjun was at the front.
"There are usually only two reasons to lure us here and then escape. The first is to lure us to a certain place …"
"The second is that you can't fight now …"
The ice palace suddenly darkened and those unknown things appeared in the darkness. It must be this woman's doing.
Although he did not know what this woman was doing, Dongfang Chunjun would not let go of any chance he found!
"Break!"
A black and white spiral appeared in front of Dongfang Chunjun.
Clang … Clang … Clang …
The spiral spun downwards crazily, causing his speed to more than double.
Originally, Dongfang Chunjun was only a few thousand feet away from this woman.
For people of their cultivation level, once they found the right direction, this distance would be covered in the blink of an eye.
"Clang …"
Accompanied by the sound of hundreds of layers of ice breaking, Dongfang Chunjun's voice was heard. "Where are you trying to lead us to?"
Looking at the collapsing ice layer, a stunning smile appeared on the woman's face. "Since you've been following me all the way, then just follow me slowly. Why are you in such a hurry?"
Dongfang Chunjun stepped on the last piece of ice and faced the woman.
Dongfang Chunjun could not see anything in the darkness, but he could observe everything in the darkness with his consciousness.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly. "I like the feeling of having everything under control. Although I don't know what you're trying to do, it doesn't feel good …" He pointed at the 'unknown thing' behind him and continued, "Either you tell me why you're doing this, or I'll beat you back to your original form."
This woman was also made of faith power, and she had accumulated faith power for countless years. Once she died, her cultivation would naturally be crippled.
"Where do you get your confidence from?" The woman sneered.
"Because you can't leave now!" Dongfang Chunjun sneered and made the first move!
Two torrents, one black and one white, surrounded him, forming a special Eight Trigrams mark.
An intense Taoist Connotation radiated from his body, and at the same time, it merged with the True Meaning of Dao …
"Yin and Yang Torrent!"
The two auras, one black and one white, intertwined and swept toward the woman.
The two torrents were not very powerful, but as they stirred slowly, there seemed to be endless mysteries contained within. If one was caught, there would be nothing left of them!
The woman's toes tapped lightly on the ice surface, and her body retreated quickly. She remained calm in the face of Dongfang Chunjun's attack.
Dongfang Chunjun's guess was right …
She needed to "feed" the "formless" now, so she could not leave to deal with Dongfang Chunjun's attack. However, this did not mean that she could only passively take a beating.
"Do it … Children!"
She muttered softly as she retreated.
Then, a baby's cry echoed in the ice palace …
When darkness enveloped the ice palace, not only did it let in the "formless", but it also let in the "evil".
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the darkness, the "evil" swimming around her surged with black spiral ripples.
Every kind of energy had its own form of transmission. For example, the Taoist Connotation of the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao was released in the most primitive way as flames, and the Taoist Connotation of the Li Water Divine Dao was released in the form of flowing water.
The "primal fear power" released by the evil was this kind of black spiral ripple. When this ripple dived into the water, it would turn into a sharp spiral of water.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
When the spiral ripple and the Yin and Yang Torrent collided, an extremely strange sound erupted.
However, it was obvious that the Yin and Yang Torrent had the upper hand. The spiral ripple was forced to retreat by the Yin and Yang Torrent!
However, there was no joy on Dongfang Chunjun's face. His expression was still solemn …
The Yin and Yang Qi formed by his True Meaning of the Dao was ultimately limited, but the black spiral ripples were constantly replenishing it, completely forming a tall wall!
In the blink of an eye, the spiral ripple had completely canceled out the Yin and Yang Torrent!
What were these guys crying in the darkness? How could they have such strength?
"I'll have to trouble you this time. Just hold on for half an hour …"
After seeing this scene, she smiled at the "evil" in the darkness. Without even looking at Dongfang Chunjun, she continued to flee toward the bottom of the ice palace.
From beginning to end, her hands were clasped together. An endless stream of power of faith flowed through the marks on her hands to support the "formless".
Only she could clearly sense that these "formless" figures were becoming more and more complete. In about half an hour, they would be completely formed.
The replicated Saint would have the complete strength of the other party, and even the complete memories. Moreover, they would absolutely submit to her!
This was a very helpless choice …
However, she had also planned and experimented for countless years for this day.
The treasure of faith buried deep in the bottom of the ice palace was simply too difficult to obtain.
She had once replicated Chen Huangyi's sword in the Sea of Meditation hundreds of thousands of times, but she still could not obtain that treasure of faith …
This time, the invasion of the Divine Realm by the Saints had become her greatest opportunity!

Chapter 2436
Just as she got rid of Dongfang Chunjun, a bright circle of light shot toward her from the side.
The circle of light cut through seven or eight layers of ice, leaving round ice caps on the ice. Then, it flew toward her head.
The woman frowned. She stomped her foot lightly, and the ice under her feet shattered. She fell down and avoided the circle of light!
"Almost!"
"Brother Chunjun said that this woman can't fight back now. We must take the opportunity to kill her!"
"I'll shoot her!"
She had just avoided the circle of light when she felt a powerful Taoist Connotation gathering above her head.
Each of these Saints' attacks was earth-shattering!
However, it was indeed inconvenient for her to attack now. Once the "formless" was interrupted during the replication process, the power of faith that she had invested would be wasted!
Therefore, she had to carefully protect the mark in her hands and avoid the powerful attacks of these Saints.
Buzz!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The circle of light did not cover her. Then, several crimson blood arrows appeared above her and shot toward her!
These blood arrows contained a strong killing intent. They were the "boiling blood arrows" that were performed with the God-Slaying Path!
If an ordinary person was shot, as long as they saw blood, they would definitely die from boiling blood …
The tip of her foot tapped lightly on the ground, as if she was treading water. Her body gently twisted, and she skillfully dodged the Boiling Blood Arrows.
However, these Saints had received Dongfang Chunjun's order. How could they let her go so easily?
"I'll do it!"
A bold and unrestrained voice sounded.
Then, a tri-colored flame exploded …
The three-colored flame was suppressed by the black fog and was soon immersed in the darkness.
However, the moment the flame lit up, everyone knew that it was Tang Lun who had attacked.
Although they could not see the flame, the burning sensation in their faces made them know that the three-colored Heavenly Night Fire was still burning fiercely!
Tang Lun had suffered a great loss at this woman's hands. He was also wary of this woman.
However, he found that this woman was only dodging. Naturally, he had to release the anger in his heart. He, a Saint, had suffered such a loss. Naturally, he had to return the favor!
Whoosh!
The three-colored Heavenly Night Fire circled around his right hand, and he punched the woman directly in the face.
Her expression darkened slightly, and from the darkness behind her, the sound of several swords whistling through the air could be heard!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Seven or eight streaks of sword light weaved into a large net and whizzed over.
She gently lowered her head and drilled through the big net formed by the sword light. Just as she drilled through, the big net suddenly closed. If Tang Lun was caught in it, he would be cut into pieces!
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao? Is it Luo Zheng? "
Tang Lun used his divine sense to sense the power of the net woven by the sword beams. He could only withdraw his fist and retreat!
In the darkness, a figure had already blocked her path!
"This person … isn't Luo Zheng. It's the guy in the black water!"
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed with a glimmer of light. He remembered the Qi of the sword radiance.
At that time, Luo Zheng was saved by this guy. Now that this guy was here, where was Luo Zheng?
What Emperor Hanqing didn't know was that this black figure wasn't Chen Huang Yijian's true body, but another illusion created by this woman using Formless.
Chen Huangyi's Illusionary Image stayed in the Ice Palace for a long time.
Now that she was in trouble, the first thing she did was summon this illusion …
Just as Tang Lun retreated, the other sages and quasi sages all attacked.
"Water Rhythm Sword!"
"Spring Sea Night Thunder …"
"…"
Although this illusion had a complete personality and thought process, it was completely under her command!
With Chen Huang Yijian's cultivation, fighting against so many sages was like a moth to a flame. However, he didn't have any intention of retreating. He lightly swept his sword, and the swords stuck in the bottom of the Meditation Sea began to hum crazily.
Chen Huangyi's sword could use the Power of Primordial Fear, and so could this illusion!
"Weng!"
Following which, the illusory image pushed its strength to the limit ….
The long sword in his hand danced wildly, and a thick and sharp sword light slashed out in all directions!
The Dao of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao combined with Primal Fear made Chen Huang Yijian's strength extremely terrifying. Chen Huang Yijian's full strength was enough to fight against an existence like Emperor Hanqing!
These streaks of sword light actually destroyed the killing moves of several Sages!
"This guy is a mere quasi sage, but he has such methods?"
"Even if he cultivates the Dao of Restriction, he can't be this strong …"
"Hmph, no matter how strong he is, he's only one person. Kill him!"
The sages present were also very surprised. They didn't expect a quasi sage to suddenly appear and be this strong.
However, no matter how strong he was, there was still a limit!
Even someone as strong as Dongfang Chunjun wouldn't be able to withstand the attacks of so many sages!
"Whoosh!"
"Rumble …"
"Whoosh …"
In the darkness, all kinds of killing moves came down from the ice layer above.
In order to protect that woman, Chen Huang Yijian's illusion didn't have any intention of retreating. It stood on the broken ice layer and attacked with all its strength!
The aftermath of the attacks from the sages destroyed the center of the ice palace, forming a space that was thousands of feet wide!
Under the attacks of these sages, Chen Huang Yijian's illusion was finally submerged!
"After killing this quasi sage, it's that woman's turn," Fang Shixing said coldly in the darkness.
"That woman didn't run away?" a quasi sage asked curiously.
Logically speaking, this quasi sage who used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao helped her block all the attacks, so she should try her best to escape.
But now, this woman was standing at the bottom of the hole, outside a broken ice layer. Her hands were gently put down with a smile on her face. She waved her hands and made a "withdraw" gesture, and the "formless" things in the darkness began to gather behind her.
"Since she doesn't leave, she has to die!"
A sage took the lead. A cross-shaped starlight streaked across the darkness, whistling toward the woman's head.
"Pa!"
With a crisp sound, another figure stepped out from behind the woman.
That person's aura was very powerful, and it emitted a unique True Meaning of Dao. That was the True Meaning of Yin-Yang Chaos! After sensing this aura, everyone on the upper floor of the ice palace was stunned. This was clearly Dongfang Chunjun's aura!
The real Dongfang Chunjun was still dealing with those "evils". The strength of the primitive power of fear used by these "evils" far exceeded Dongfang Chunjun's expectations.
As he continued to deal with them, Dongfang Chunjun was also thinking of a way to break through.
However, the "evils" themselves were existences without a physical form. How to cause damage to these things still gave Dongfang Chunjun a headache.

Chapter 2437
The woman clapped her hands lightly …
The black fog that filled the ice palace suddenly dissipated in all directions.
The evildoers who had been fighting Dongfang Chunjun quickly disappeared like fishes swimming in space.
"Feng!"
A flame lit up from below.
A bright yellow flame instantly enveloped this large space …
The black fog only cleared this space and did not completely dissipate, so this bright flame could only illuminate this space of several thousand feet.
When the flame lit up, more figures stepped out from behind the woman.
Apart from Dongfang Chunjun, Fang Shixing, Mu Haiji, and Tang Lun were all among them.
All the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance were standing behind her!
This was the result of forcing so many ferocious creatures and even Great Demons to commit suicide in exchange for her complacency!
Seeing this, the Saints, Quasi-sages, and Perfected True Gods all had incredulous expressions on their faces!
"It's just an illusion!" a Perfected True God said with a snort.
However, no one listened to him …
Dongfang Chunjun, who stood beside the woman, gave off an aura that was too strong.
If it was just an illusion, it would not have such a strong aura at all. Even the pressure it gave off was the same!
Dongfang Chunjun flew over from one side of the ice layer and floated in midair.
His gaze first fell on the woman, then it fell on his own illusion. His eyes were filled with uncertainty.
Before Dongfang Chunjun could speak, the woman spoke first. "Are you still willing to attack when I'm not prepared?"
Just now, in order to give Formless enough time to replicate, she could only passively take the beating … because once the supply of power of faith was interrupted, all her previous efforts would be wasted!
With her resentful personality, how could she tolerate this?
"Continue!"
Swoosh!
As the crisp sound echoed in the ice palace, Dongfang Chunjun beside her had already slapped toward the sky!
"Hualala …"
Two torrents, one black and one white, intertwined with each other like black and white dragons, flew toward Dongfang Chunjun who was above them.
This was the "Yin Yang Torrent".
Dongfang Chunjun was also very cautious when he saw the two torrents.
He turned his hands left and right, creating Yin and Yang Qi …
Whoosh …
Similarly, two torrents of Yin and Yang struck downward.
"Phew …"
The Yin and Yang torrents of the two Dongfang Chunjuns converged. They did not erupt with great power. Instead, as they converged, they formed an illusory black and white Eight Trigrams in the air before completely disappearing.
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun's expression became even more solemn.
"This is not an illusion," Dongfang Chunjun said.
"Dongfang Chunjun" smiled. "Maybe not."
Even Dongfang Chunjun himself felt strange when he was refuting himself. However, he still calmed himself down and stared at the woman. "Is this why you led us into the Ice Palace?"
The woman blinked and said, "That's only one of them. Didn't I tell you that the treasure of faith is in the ice palace? Since you're already here, whether you can get it will depend on your luck …"
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes lit up.
The "Tang Lun" next to the woman suddenly took out a fiery red seed from his sumeru ring.
When Tang Lun saw the seed, he cried out with a strange expression, "This woman can even copy the things in my spatial ring?"
The Heart Fire Seed was also a rare plant in the Divine Territory …
Whoosh …
The "Tang Lun" gently tossed the Heart Fire Seed downwards.
As the seed was falling, lines of flame appeared on its surface. The entire seed became scorching hot and then turned into a huge ball of fire.
The dense layer of ice melted instantly when it came into contact with the ball of fire. From top to bottom, it melted and formed a path downwards …
She had also removed the black fog from this path, so the Saints could continue looking without any obstruction.
Soon, the Heart Fire Seed had landed at the lowest level of the ice palace.
"The treasure of faith is at the lowest level of the ice palace." The woman smiled.
When the Saints, Quasi-Saints, and Perfected True Gods heard this, they all looked down … With their eyesight, they could see clearly even if they were tens of thousands of feet away!
"An ice coffin!"
"Inside this ice coffin … is a little girl?"
"This is a corpse? Is it related to the treasure of faith? "
The Saints all looked at the ice coffin with surprise.
Sealed inside the ice coffin was the corpse of a little girl. The little girl looked like she was in a deep sleep, and there was nothing special about her.
When Emperor Hanqing saw the ice coffin, his eyebrows jumped wildly!
When he was still "Yue Yinliu", he broke into a secret realm in the fifth level of the Abyss Demon Domain and obtained the "Supreme Harmony Divine Spear". He had seen some mysterious patterns on the walls of that secret realm. One of the patterns was a square coffin, which was very similar to the transparent ice coffin below.
Those mysterious patterns included the Divine Taihe Spear in his hand, so he deduced that those patterns were the treasures of faith in the Abyss Demon Territory!
And the picture of the coffin was above all the other pictures. Back then, he had guessed that the coffin had something to do with the treasure that controlled the Abyss Devil Region. That was why it had left such a deep impression on him. Even after a lifetime, Emperor Hanqing still remembered it.
"That is the treasure of faith that controls the Abyss Demon Territory," the woman said faintly. "The body of the true demon of the gods. If anyone is interested, they can try to obtain it."
The Saints were still a bit wary before, but after hearing her words, a trace of greed appeared in their eyes.
"This is the level six treasure of faith in the Abyss Demon Territory?"
"If you control her, you can control the power of the Abyss Demon Territory …"
"Wait, if this treasure of faith has been here for countless years, why don't you take it?" A Saint stared at the woman and asked.
The woman waited for these Sages to leave. She gently fiddled with the bangs on her forehead and openly admitted, "Of course I can't get it. If I could get this Dharma treasure easily, why would I leave it to you?"
"Can you be a bit more specific?" Fang Shixing asked.
She shook her head and sat on the edge of the ice. She looked down at the ice coffin and said, "Whether you can get it or not depends on your ability. I won't say much about the rest. I can only tell you that … it will be extremely difficult."
After all, she had tried countless times with the clone of Chen Huang Yijian, but she didn't succeed once.
In order to increase the probability of success, she had painstakingly guided Chen Huang Yijian to insert those swords into the Meditation Sea to absorb the primal fear power.

Chapter 2438
The Sages stared at the woman's face, trying to verify the truth of her words from her extremely beautiful face.
However, this action was ultimately futile. No matter from which angle, no matter when, they could feel the resentment from her face …
"Are we going down now?"
"What if it's a trap?"
"We've already come this far. Even if it's a trap, I'll accept it!"
The Sages and Quasi-Sages began to discuss. As for the Perfected True Gods, although they also conversed, their opinions were basically ignored.
"Let's go down!"
Just as the Sages were discussing, Dongfang Chunjun spoke.
From the beginning to the end, Dongfang Chunjun was not willing to fight innocently. Whether it was the devil or this mysterious woman, he did not want to become enemies with them.
Since he had already found the "treasure of faith" that controlled the Abyss Demon Region, he naturally would not let it go.
Looking at some of the woman's actions, Dongfang Chunjun also guessed some clues.
After so many years, she had never obtained this treasure of faith. This treasure was indeed difficult to obtain …
She had painstakingly plotted to lure the Sages into the ice palace with the biggest purpose of replicating them …
It did not matter what shocking method she used to replicate them, but she definitely hoped that the Sages' replicated bodies would help her. Her goal should also be this "true demon body"?
Since Dongfang Chunjun had made a decision, the other Sages naturally could not say anything.
He glanced at the woman with a meaningful look in his eyes, then leaped down ….
The other Sages, Quasi-Sages, and Perfected True Gods also flew down from the sky.
The woman had already removed a considerable amount of the black fog below, so they naturally did not encounter any obstacles all the way down.
She sat on the edge of the ice layer and looked down at the figures of these people leaving. After twitching her mouth, she reached out her hand and gently pressed on the ice layer. Her entire body quietly spread into the darkness, and the clones of the Saints behind her also quietly flew away with her.
…
…
The black fog that permeated the ice palace could block the fluctuations of energy.
However, the vibrations caused by the Sages' attacks would spread in all directions along the walls, pillars, and ground of the ice palace.
By the time it passed to Luo Zheng, the vibrations were already quite subtle, but Luo Zheng, who was close to the ice layer, had already noticed it …
"Someone is fighting …" Luo Zheng murmured in the darkness.
"I can sense it too," Luo Zheng's illusion on the opposite side also said.
Because it was a complete replica, Luo Zheng's illusion also had a complete perception ability. He was as sharp as Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng said, "Since you've replicated everything of me, you should also have my memories …"
"Of course I do," Luo Zheng's illusion, Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's to me, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng's Luo
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng 'to himself, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo
Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Zheng Luo Zheng, Luo Luo …
He didn't know how this woman had replicated him. Could she use such an ability at will?
Was it related to the Meditation Sea? Luat Luo one to Luo Luo Lux Luo
Just as Luo Zheng's thoughts were running wild, a faint sound suddenly came from above!
"Hua!"
Sitting opposite Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's illusion suddenly got up, jumped up, and slashed upward with his sword!
"Whoosh!"
A sharp sword aura flew upwards …
"Whoosh!"
At the same time, a strong Taoist Connotation came from above, and a sword light also came down.
"Ding!"
The two sword lights collided. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he jumped up and shouted, "Stop!"
Then, he stood between his own illusion and Chen Huangyi's sword ….
At this moment, the most baffled person was Chen Huang Yijian himself!
He had been lurking in the Meditation Sea for countless years and had never seen that woman. Naturally, he didn't know what was in this ice palace.
Through the long sword that Luo Zheng inserted into the Meditation Sea, he suddenly saw two Luo Zheng. The expression on his face was very strange!
"What's going on?"
Chen Huangyi couldn't tell the real Luo Zheng from the fake at all.
Using Divine Sense to investigate, whether it was the momentum or the appearance, they were the same!
The only difference was that the Luo Zheng who attacked him seemed to be injured, and his aura was slightly weaker.
"He's just an illusion," Luo Zheng said, pointing to the illusion Luo Zheng behind him.
"Illusion?"
Chen Huangyi's pupils shrank slightly.
The illusion of some experts was enough to reach the point of being real, but the real experts could see through it at a glance. At least Chen Huangyi was confident.
But he couldn't see through the illusion in front of him …
At this moment …
Suddenly, a powerful aura erupted in the distance!
Then the black fog around them rolled away, and a destructive fire illuminated the space.
The first to walk out of the fire was Tang Lun, Dongfang Chunjun, and other Sages. Luo Zheng and Chen Huangyi's faces suddenly changed!
If they encountered a Sage here, they had no way to escape.
Just as the two's faces were extremely ugly, a string of bell-like laughter came out.
"Scared?"
The woman slowly walked out from behind the Sages and stared at Luo Zheng.
Chen Huangyi still didn't understand the situation, but these Sages were silent, which made him feel even more strange.
Luo Zheng frowned and stared at these Sages for a long time, and then asked, "These Sages, are they also duplicated by you?"
"Uh-huh!"
The woman leaped into the air and flew towards them.
Chen Huangyi was still vigilant, and pointed his long sword at this woman …
For some reason, he faintly felt that this woman's aura was very similar to the aura in the Meditation Sea!
Who knew that this woman was not afraid of Chen Huangyi's long sword at all. She stretched out her orchid fingers and gently brushed Chen Huangyi's long sword. Under the illumination of the fire, Chen Huangyi found that there was a black energy crazily lingering on the long sword!
"What a rich primal fear power!"
Chen Huangyi stared at his long sword, his face full of disbelief.
He carefully arranged 128 long swords at the bottom of the Meditation Sea, and with the help of the primal fear power, he could greatly improve his strength.
He was only a quasi-sage, but it was enough to fight against an expert like Emperor Han Qing!
Now this woman gently brushed his long sword, and the primal fear power condensed on the sword was more than ten times more than what he usually absorbed!
Where did this woman come from?

Chapter 2439
Seeing Chen Huang Yijian's incomprehensible look, the woman said indifferently, "After being neighbors for so many years, this is the first time we've met …"
"Neighbor? You're in the Meditation Sea? You're one of those evildoers? "Chen Huang Yijian looked at the woman in a daze.
In Chen Huang Yijian's mind, only those "evildoers" could easily control the primal fear power …
Hearing this, the woman smiled faintly. "Those evildoers … are under my control."
Saying that, she waved her hand …
Places where the fire couldn't reach were immersed in the black fog, and the evildoers wandering in the black fog responded to the woman.
"Wah … Wah …"
These evildoers made baby-like cries.
At this time, Chen Huang Yijian's gaze at the woman suddenly changed. He said seriously, "So, you're the master of the Meditation Sea?"
"The master of the Meditation Sea?" She lowered her head and pondered for a while, then said indifferently, "Sort of."
She did not pay attention to the stunned Chen Huang Yijian and gently floated over to Luo Zheng.
In her heart, Chen Huang Yijian's mission had come to an end.
His existence had made a lot of contributions. Countless experiments had allowed her to figure out the way. This time, she was bound to succeed!
And the most important thing after that was Luo Zheng …
"Why did you copy these saints?" Luo Zheng stared at the woman floating over and asked.
"Because they have great strength …" The woman said as she reached out to touch his face.
But Luo Zheng's body leaned back slightly and dodged.
The woman wasn't angry. The illusion Luo Zheng stepped over, and she sat on the shoulder of the illusion Luo Zheng and said, "The saints who invaded the Abyss Demon Realm this time have already begun to try to control the faith treasure. Once they succeed, the Abyss Demon Realm will be under their control."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly …
Since Dongfang Chunjun stepped into the Abyss Demon Realm, he naturally made sufficient preparations.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he had no ability to stop it.
"Then you'll let them control it?" Luo Zheng asked.
His gaze was fixed on the saints …
With so many saints standing together, the power they exuded was extraordinary.
With this woman's ability, it would be best if she was willing to stop Dongfang Chunjun and the others!
"Of course not." A ruthless light flashed in the woman's eyes. "The True Demon's body will always belong to me. These Saints? They will all die here, but it's a pity that they will be reborn in the universe. Sooner or later, I will destroy the universe of these saints … "
What she wanted to destroy wasn't just the Saints and the universe. She couldn't tolerate all the Gods and True Gods in the entire divine realm!
This woman's tone made Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian look at each other at the same time.
"What are you going to do?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Come with me." The woman restrained the ruthlessness in her eyes and smiled faintly at Luo Zheng.
"It seems that I have no choice?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Of course not," the woman answered firmly.
In front of this woman, Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian naturally had no possibility of escaping.
Moreover, there were so many Sages behind her!
…
…
At the bottom of the ice palace …
As everyone got closer to the ice coffin, they felt the cold air become more and more intense.
However, this cold air was still within the range that they could bear.
Everyone stared at the ice coffin carefully. The girl sleeping in the ice coffin didn't have any soul fluctuations, but for the sensitive Sages, they still felt that there was something strange about the ice coffin.
"Stop!"
Dongfang Chunjun stopped at a distance of fifty to sixty feet from the ice coffin. The other Sages also stopped in the air.
"Find a way to open this coffin?"
"It's definitely not that easy. Do you think that woman is so kind?"
"But she can't just stay here and watch, right?"
Some quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods stared at the ice coffin and discussed.
Dongfang Chunjun slowly closed his eyes, then turned his divine sense into threads and swept towards the ice coffin.
No one would believe that they could easily open the ice coffin and obtain the True Demon's body. Who knew what would appear in this damned place?
When his divine sense spread out, his eyes flashed.
"How is it?" Mu Haiji asked.
"Try it," Dongfang Chunjun said, pointing at the transparent coffin.
Mu Haiji also released his divine sense …
After a while, he also said with a strange expression, "This transparent coffin doesn't seem to exist!"
"It's just an illusory projection. There's a void below this coffin," Dongfang Chunjun said with a frown.
"This reminds me of the imperial jade seal that Luo Zheng had," Fang Shixing suddenly said.
"That imperial jade seal also created a time passage …"
"Yes, there must be another world below this transparent coffin!"
"…"
Behind the Sages, Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, and the others suddenly remembered what happened in the imperial jade seal.
The imperial jade seal that was so easy to obtain had ended up in Luo Zheng's hands. Even now, they were still very unwilling to accept it …
After observing for a while, Dongfang Chunjun continued to approach the ice coffin.
The closer he got to the ice coffin, the stranger the little girl lying in the ice coffin gave him a strange feeling!
When the ice coffin was only a few feet away from him, Dongfang Chunjun suddenly reached out and grabbed the ice coffin.
"Hum …"
Sure enough, just as he had investigated, the surface of the ice coffin rippled like water. He did not touch anything substantial. There was nothing. This was really just a lifelike projection.
However, there was a faint spatial power coming from below this illusory ice coffin.
Just as Dongfang Chunjun continued to search, the little girl in the ice coffin suddenly opened her eyes. Anger appeared on her little face.
"Whoosh!"
Waves of cold air spiraled around the ice coffin. The chill almost penetrated into the bones. Then, Dongfang Chunjun suddenly disappeared before everyone's eyes.
The other Sages' expressions changed slightly, especially the two Sages from the Dongfang family. Dongfang Taiqing and the others also rushed toward the ice coffin.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The moment they rushed toward the ice coffin, they also disappeared before everyone's eyes.
"Let's go too!"
Tang Lun said as he also rushed toward the ice coffin.
Although they could not be sure if there was danger below the ice coffin, they had already reached this step. Even Dongfang Chunjun had entered. Now, no one chose to retreat.
The Sages of these wealthy families led their Sages and Great Perfection cultivators into the ice coffin …
Not long after the people from the Wealthy Alliance entered …
Luo Zheng, Chen Huangyi Jian, that woman, and the many clones she led also descended to the bottom of the ice coffin.

Chapter 2440
Traces of cold air escaped from the ice coffin. Luo Zheng stared at the girl in the coffin, his eyes flickering.
"This is the true demon body you were talking about?" Luo Zheng asked.
The woman nodded, looking at the body with a faint look of expectation.
In order to obtain this true demon body, she thought of countless methods and explored countless times.
Now it was finally time to get her …
The woman slowly approached the ice coffin and reached under the ice coffin.
"Hua …"
A burst of cold air rose from under the ice coffin.
The girl in the ice coffin suddenly opened her eyes, a trace of anger appeared on her face.
At this moment, a black energy gushed out from the woman's arm and dripped on top of the ice coffin. It was primal fear power …
Other things could directly pass through the ice coffin, but pure energy would be absorbed by this ice coffin!
After the ice coffin absorbed the "primal fear power", the anger on the girl's face gradually faded and was replaced by a serene expression.
"She can absorb primal fear power?" Chen Huang Yijian stared at the ice coffin and asked.
The woman smiled faintly and said, "She can absorb any kind of energy … for her, this is just an act of goodwill."
She had tried countless times and had already figured out the habits of this true demon body!
In the beginning, she was the same as Dongfang Chunjun. She directly entered the world of the ice coffin, and the result was to welcome the fury of the true demon body.
After experiencing it countless times, she figured out the mystery.
After comforting the girl, she glanced at the duplicated saints above. With a slight thought, those saints drilled into the ice coffin and disappeared under the ice coffin in the blink of an eye.
After the saints entered the ice coffin, she grabbed Luo Zheng's arm and said, "It's time for us to go in."
She naturally didn't expect Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian to help her obtain the true demon body, but she couldn't let Luo Zheng escape. After all, Luo Zheng had the bloodline she valued the most.
Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian didn't resist too much.
In their eyes, this woman wasn't a good person …
However, this woman was too strong, and the two of them could not escape in the end. Now, they could only act according to the situation.
What's more, Chen Huang Yijian originally wanted to snatch food from Dongfang Chunjun's mouth. This was a crisis, but it was also an opportunity!
"Hua …"
The sky and earth were spinning, and the space was shuttling …
"Eh?"
After stepping into the space passage below the ice coffin, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
From Huan Yu to the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng had also experienced all kinds of strange spatial passages. For example, the time passage constructed by the imperial jade seal was also incomparably strange.
But this time, he felt even more wondrous …
He wasn't traveling through the spatial passageway. Instead, he was constantly shrinking!
It was as if he had shrunk back to his normal size from the Aragami that was tens of thousands of feet tall.
However, the shrunken size of the Aragami only lasted for a brief moment. Meanwhile, the feeling that he was experiencing right now was still lingering on. He was not sure if it was just an illusion or not.
The woman noticed Luo Zheng's expression. She smiled and said, "What did you notice?"
"We're getting smaller," Luo Zheng answered.
Chen Huang Yijian was slightly taken aback, "What? Getting smaller? "
"You're really sharp. You actually noticed it so quickly. Back then, I only discovered this secret after traveling through tens of thousands of times." The woman smiled slightly. Her eyes were filled with admiration.
There was no reference in this space. Everyone was rapidly shrinking at the same time. Originally, it was very difficult to notice.
Luo Zheng looked at the rotating void around him. He frowned and asked, "How small will we become?"
The woman thought for a moment and then answered, "Probably like dust …"
As soon as she finished speaking, the originally crazily rotating void receded from Luo Zheng's sight …
"Huff … huff … huff …"
A crazy whistling sound roared in Luo Zheng's ears.
Huge pieces of ice crystals drew a curve in the air and smashed towards his head.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng punched out. The ice crystals that were floating towards him suddenly shattered into countless pieces.
But just as he smashed a piece, more ice crystals came crashing towards him …
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that these huge ice crystals should be just snow!
He had now shrunk countless times. Even the insignificant snow particles looked as big as two or three feet!
"Divine Night Fire Shield!"
"Hua!"
Tang Lun's illusion shouted. A three-colored flame formed a huge fire shield, enveloping the duplicates of the Saints, Luo Zheng, and Chen Huang Yijian.
This three-colored Divine Night Fire was one of Tang Lun's most powerful consummate skills.
After turning into a fire shield, those huge "snow particles" flew over. Just as they approached the fire shield, they turned into a mist!
As for the inside of the Divine Night Fire Shield, it was overflowing with warmth!
Seeing this scene, Chen Huang Yijian's face was also full of amazement. He quietly said to Luo Zheng, "This woman is originally very strong. Now that she has found so many Saints to help her, what if she really controls the Abyss Demon Territory?"
"Act according to the circumstances. I don't think she will succeed so easily. Dongfang Chunjun and the others will not give up so easily. Besides, her duplicates may not be stronger than her original body," Luo Zheng said.
In theory, this woman's duplicates were almost perfect, but in reality, there were still many differences.
For example, the strength of Luo Zheng's duplicates was quite different from that of Luo Zheng.
From this point of view, Dongfang Chunjun and the other Saints might not have methods that she could not copy …
"That's the only way," Chen Huang Yijian replied.
The current situation was indeed too complicated.
Whether it was Dongfang Chunjun's side or this woman's side, the two of them were far from being a match. They could only hope that both sides would suffer!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Everyone descended from the sky. The snowstorm did not show any signs of stopping. Countless "snow particles" smashed onto the Divine Night Fire Shield, evaporating wisps of mist. This mist turned into even finer ice crystals under the extremely low temperature and drifted away with the wind.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, everyone finally landed on a snowy plain …
As soon as they landed, a violent roar came from the depths of the snowfield. Then, a shock wave visible to the naked eye spread out.
This shock wave rapidly spread across the snowy plains like an invisible plow plowing through the accumulated snow. Along with this shock wave, there was a bone-chilling cold. However, when this cold attacked, even the "Divine Night Fire Shield" instantly dimmed. Tang Lun's clone's face turned even paler!
"What a strong cold air!"
Luo Zheng was also shocked. This cold air swept across his body, and all the blood in his body seemed to freeze.
What confused him even more was that this cold air was not produced by the Taoist connotation of the Black Ice Divine Way, but an indescribable power. However, Luo Zheng had never come into contact with this kind of power.

Chapter 2441
Although a Sage was also a "True God" in theory, regardless of strength, experience, or reaction, they were far above a quasi-sage and a True God.
The Wealthy Clan Alliance had killed many Quasi-sages and perfection-stage True Gods, but none of the Saints had died.
The difficulty of killing a Sage could be imagined.
As soon as this woman opened her mouth, she said that she needed the lives of three Sages to quell the fury of the True Demon. What kind of danger would those Sages face?
"It's not easy to kill a Sage. Are you so sure?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng also needed to collect the mysteries of this world of ice and snow. The more he understood, the higher his chances of survival. Moreover, he might fall out with this woman at any time!
The woman's fine eyelashes blinked. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Of course. I'm so familiar with this place. My judgment is not far from the truth. I remember that when I tried 8,500 times, using Chen Huang Yijian's clone was enough to deal with the fury of the True Demon."
The Wealthy Alliance knew nothing about this world. Of course, they would pay a considerable price.
And her precious experience was based on repeated failures …
"Ao!"
Another roar came from the distance.
Another wave of extremely cold aura spread. This time, the roar was even louder. It was even closer to Luo Zheng.
"It seems that it's coming in this direction. Those Sages are very smart. They know that they can't win and should retreat for the time being," the woman said faintly after hearing the sound.
Then she looked at one of the Sage's clones.
That Sage nodded. He knelt on one knee and lightly patted the ground with his other hand.
"Bo!"
An extremely powerful energy was transmitted to the ground, causing it to explode.
This Sage's control of energy was very ingenious. The explosion underground was very strong, but the surface of the ground only shook slightly.
"It's done," the Sage said.
A small hole appeared in front of the Sage. This hole was only a shoulder wide and could only allow one person to pass through.
"Go in. I'll take care of the rear."
The woman said to Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian.
Luo Zheng nodded. He took the lead and stepped into the small hole. His whole body fell vertically.
After falling for more than ten zhangs, his feet finally touched the ground. At the same time, the surrounding space suddenly opened up.
This huge underground space was created by the explosion of the Saint. It could easily accommodate thousands of people.
After Luo Zheng entered, Chen Huangyi, the sword, and the clones of the other Saints also entered one after another.
In the end, the woman also entered the small hole. However, she did not immediately descend. Instead, she clung to the entrance of the small hole and looked into the distance.
"Phew …"
In the distance, a circle of eye-catching white cold air quickly spread over.
She smiled faintly and patted the layer of snow with her finger. The surrounding snow covered her. When she descended into the cave below, the small hole that was as wide as a shoulder had completely closed up and disappeared.
Not long after she had done all this …
Above the vast snowfield, over a hundred people were rushing over. These people were the members of the Wealthy Alliance!
"Damn it, what the hell is this thing? All the energy disappears when it gets close to it?" A quasi-saint cursed with a look of disbelief.
Just as he finished speaking …
Suddenly, he felt a chill that penetrated his heart.
The quasi-saint's face darkened, and he suddenly roared, "Heavenly Inferno Hell!"
"Hua …"
A world formed by flames spread out and enveloped his surroundings.
This Heavenly Inferno Hell was the ultimate technique of this quasi-saint. It was also an external Dao ability of the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao. He had relied on this Heavenly Inferno Hell to become a quasi-saint!
Just based on the understanding of the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao, this quasi-saint was not inferior to Tang Lun!
The raging evil fire roared and curled up in this Heavenly Inferno Hell.
In this Heavenly Inferno Hell, countless fire creatures were nurtured. Any one of them released was enough to burn a piece of heaven and earth.
After the quasi-saint was enveloped by this Heavenly Inferno Hell, the chill in his body was instantly dispelled.
However, this quasi-saint's face was still incomparably unsightly.
Outside the Heavenly Inferno Hell, a circle of cold air had already enveloped this Heavenly Inferno Hell. As the white fog shrank, it rapidly invaded the Heavenly Inferno Hell!
After the raging flames in this Heavenly Inferno Hell came into contact with the cold air, they were quickly extinguished. Countless raging fire creatures in the Heavenly Inferno Hell were screaming and roaring. It was as if this cold air was the most fatal poison.
The actual situation was indeed so …
As the Heavenly Inferno Hell continued to shrink, the quasi-saint's hope was also shattered.
When the cold air assaulted his face, this quasi-saint felt the blood in his body freeze. Even the energy of his "Dao Reserve" lost its vitality and rapidly dissipated.
"Huff …"
Soon, this quasi-saint was frozen into an ice man and fell from midair into the layer of snow!
"Crack!"
At the same time this quasi-saint fell into the layer of snow, a large foot had already stepped on him.
The quasi-saint's body was incomparably brittle under the freezing temperature. When this foot stepped on him, the sound of tiles shattering could be heard. Presumably, this quasi-saint's body had already turned into powder.
This was already the sixth quasi-saint that had fallen …
And the one who had stepped on this quasi-saint was shockingly a tall ice demon statue!
The situation of the Grand Alliance was even worse than that woman had predicted.
When they had just entered this world, it was still calm and tranquil.
Under Dongfang Chunjun's lead, they flew in a certain direction …
They didn't manage to escape far before they encountered this ice statue standing tall on the ice field.
They could not feel the slightest energy fluctuation from this ice demon statue, nor did it have any aura to speak of. It looked just like an ordinary ice statue.
A Saint even approached this ice demon statue to observe it.
Unexpectedly, just as this Saint approached, the ice demon statue suddenly spat out a white cold air from its mouth!
That Saint was instantly frozen. Then, this ice demon statue took advantage of the opportunity to slap him.
"Crack …"
This Saint was directly turned into ice fragments.
No one expected such a scene to occur. Even Dongfang Chunjun did not foresee this!
This Saint was considered a mid-level existence in the Grand Alliance. Yet, he was actually shattered and killed with a single slap. This indeed stunned everyone.
Then, this ice demon statue roared and began to chase after the people of the Grand Alliance …
Some Saints and quasi-saints began to fight back against this ice demon statue.
But no matter what methods they used, whether it was raging flames or thunderous attacks, as long as they approached this ice demon statue, their energy would become stagnant, slow down, and dissipate!
In the process of this counterattack, two Saints and four quasi-saints were frozen and then crushed.
After realizing that this ice demon statue could not be met head-on, the people of the Grand Alliance began to flee.
And during the pursuit, another Sage had died …

Chapter 2442
The hearts of the people in the front trembled when they heard the 'crack' sound.
This quasi-sage from the Li family was considered powerful among the quasi-sages. Moreover, he cultivated the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao, which could restrain this icy aura.
However, the descending inferno could not resist it at all …
"Roar!"
Dong, dong, dong, dong …
The ice statue let out a roar and chased after them on the snowfield.
Most of the people were running around in a panic, with no direction to speak of.
At this moment, Dongfang Chunjun's voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears.
"Everyone, don't panic. This thing's intelligence is not high. Go to the left!"
Dongfang Chunjun's voice entered everyone's ears, and there was a faint gentleness in it. When they heard this voice while being chased in this world of ice and snow, it was like a spring breeze.
Everyone knew that this was also a trick of the Great Domination Technique.
Normally, everyone would probably be very disgusted. After all, the Great Domination Technique could bewitch people's hearts, and no one was willing to be a spiritual slave.
However, at this moment, everyone felt warm in their hearts, and they all perked up.
The blizzard in the air danced, and these "snow particles" were extremely large, almost completely blocking the line of sight in front of them …
However, when they looked to the left, they could still vaguely see two large snow mountains!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
Everyone immediately turned around and sped toward the left.
"Ah!"
At this moment, everyone heard another scream coming from behind them.
"It's the quasi-sage from the Qin family …"
"Forget it, let's go! If we're slow, everyone will die here! "
"…"
If it was another environment, Dongfang Chunjun would think of a way to break it.
As the leader of the Grand Alliance, he was bound to take the lead and block at the front …
However, the power of this ice statue was too strange. It completely exceeded his understanding!
Dongfang Chunjun also tried to attack the ice statue, but the result was the same as the other saints. It was useless.
What puzzled Dongfang Chunjun even more was that after these methods hit the ice statue, the energy in it seemed to begin to rapidly weaken and even disappear.
This process puzzled him no matter how hard he thought about it.
Because the ice statue itself did not absorb these energies, the biggest problem was still the cold air.
However, it was better to leave now. He naturally had to lead everyone to run!
Dongfang Chunjun did not know if he could get rid of the ice statue, but if he could escape into the snow mountain, he could at least restrict the ice statue's movements.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Everyone scrambled to fly away. In less than the time it took to brew a cup of tea, they had already arrived at the side of the snowy mountain.
As soon as they arrived, a sharp-eyed Great Perfection True God shouted, "Look, there are corpses, so many corpses …"
"A corpse?"
Dongfang Chunjun narrowed his eyes.
As expected …
On one side of the snowy mountain, corpses were strewn all over the place.
These corpses were all dressed the same, but they all died in different ways.
All of the corpses were covered by a layer of transparent ice. The dense layer of ice had actually formed a path beneath it!
The sudden appearance of the strange corpse made everyone stop in their tracks.
"Dong dong dong …"
But the footsteps of the ice statues came from behind, reminding them once again that the Grim Reaper was still chasing after them …
"That huge ice sculpture is following us!"
"Run! Don't bother with these corpses! "
"Wait, that golem doesn't seem to be able to enter the snow mountain?"
Very soon, someone noticed that the ice statue began to slow down when it approached the snowy mountain.
When the ice statue reached the snowy mountain, it actually paced back and forth. After circling a few times on the spot, it actually returned to the snowy plains!
Seeing this, everyone, including Dongfang Chunjun, heaved a sigh of relief.
Although they did not know why the ice statue left, charging into the snowy mountain was undoubtedly the right choice!
After everyone rested for a while, their gazes focused on the corpses in the ice again. The sudden appearance of so many corpses indeed made them feel very strange.
Dongfang Chunjun descended from midair and landed on the ice layer in the mountain col. He sized up the faces of the corpses below through the ice layer.
As he sized them up, Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flickered slightly, revealing a hint of surprise and uncertainty.
"These corpses … all look exactly the same!"
Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, and the others also gathered around. They descended to take a look and also discovered this strange situation.
Whether it was the appearance or the clothes, they were indeed the same person …
And the ice layer along the way was filled with this person's corpses. It was so densely packed that there were probably tens of thousands of them!
"This person looks a little familiar …"
Mu Haiji stared for a long time and suddenly raised his eyebrows. "I remember now! This person is from the Luo family! The junior who cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Path! "
Chen Huang Yijian did not stay on Noble Sect's floating island for long, but he still left a deep impression. After all, he was the only one who cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Path back then. Mu Haiji had met him once!
"This person … Emotion Severing Divine Path?"
When Mu Haiji said this, Dongfang Chunjun had another thought.
In the ice palace, there was someone who saved the woman, and that person was also a quasi-sage who used the Emotion Severing Divine Path. His strength was so strong that it made people look askance.
In the end, this quasi-sage who suddenly appeared was killed by the joint forces of the Saints.
At that time, everyone was immersed in the darkness and could not see his appearance clearly. However, under the investigation of the divine consciousness, they could remember all the characteristics of the other party.
Thus, Dongfang Chunjun closed his eyes and released a wisp of divine consciousness into the ice layer.
When his divine consciousness swept past the faces of these corpses, Dongfang Chunjun opened his eyes again and said, "This is the quasi-sage you killed in the ice palace."
"How can there be so many of them?" Tang Lun revealed an incredulous expression.
Mu Haiji narrowed his eyes and said, "There's only one explanation."
Dongfang Chunjun also nodded. "Yes, copy. That woman's ability …"
He looked up ahead. These corpses spread out and paved a path on the snow mountain. One of them extended to the top of the snow mountain. It looked strange and spectacular.
"What's the purpose of her copying so many?" Fang Shixing asked from not far away.
Dongfang Chunjun revealed a confused expression and could only guess. "Maybe her goal is the same as ours. She wants to use the help of these clones to take down this true demon body?"
"Whatever, let's go up first. We'll find the answer eventually!" Tang Lun said.
Then, everyone followed the path formed by these corpses and fled to the top of the snow mountain.
…
Thump, thump, thump …
The ice demon statue that was chasing after the Saints returned very slowly.
It moved step by step across the snowfield, leaving huge footprints in the thick snow.
When the ice demon statue was far away, the center of one of the huge footprints suddenly collapsed, and a black round hole appeared.
Whoosh!
Figures flew out of this round hole one after another.

Chapter 2443
"Mountains? There are mountains in this world? "Luo Zheng stared at the southwest and asked.
"Of course there are," she replied lightly. "Actually, we are just at the edge of this world."
They had turned into tiny people and were obstructed by the endless snowstorm. Naturally, they could not see the whole picture of the world.
But this woman had entered this world countless times and was naturally more familiar with it than any of them.
She did not try to hide anything from Luo Zheng, as if she treated him as one of her own. She continued, "Although we haven't been able to verify it, it's not far from the truth. In fact, we are in the coffin of the True Demon's body."
"We are in the coffin?" Luo Zheng was shocked. He and Chen Huang Yijian looked at each other.
Even the clones of the other Saints had some doubts on their faces.
These clones of the Saints had their own thoughts and were even as smart as the original Saints. But because they were absolutely subservient to that woman, they would not take the initiative to ask even if they were confused.
"Well, if you look carefully, can you remember what is in the four corners of the coffin?" the woman suddenly asked.
Chen Huang Yijian thought for a moment and then shook his head.
His attention was focused on the girl in the coffin and he did not see what was in the corners of the coffin.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and then said, "Runes, or similar to a special kind of divine pattern, but this divine pattern seems to outline the shape of a giant." Speaking of this, his eyes flashed. "These runes created the thing that chased Dongfang Chunjun and the others?"
The woman smiled and stared at Luo Zheng. "You can guess everything."
After entering the coffin, everyone would appear in a random corner.
If the little girl's body was not comforted, the runes on the edge of the coffin would be activated and build a huge ice statue to chase after them.
"But how could a mere statue be able to kill so many Saints?"
Luo Zheng still had some doubts on his face.
Although the Abyss Demon Realm was full of danger, those Saints were the top figures of the Divine Realm. Almost everyone had powerful trump cards and mysterious life-saving methods.
This woman was strong enough, but if she did not rely on those clones, she would not be a match for the Saints.
A mere statue had this kind of power?
"If it was in other places, it would be impossible, but this world in the ice coffin is very special." The woman's eyes showed caution. "In this small ice coffin, it controls the flow of energy. Just this method is enough to make it invincible."
"Who is it? What does the flow mean? "Luo Zheng asked.
"It's the True Demon Body." The woman smiled. "All you need to know is that it can do whatever it wants to any energy …"
This woman could borrow the power of faith at will, and this alone made her far more powerful than the Great Demons.
Before the Wealthy Family Alliance invaded the Abyss Devil Domain, they had used all kinds of methods, but they were still unable to succeed.
"The body of a true demon also has its own intelligence?" Chen Huang Yijian suddenly asked.
Magic treasures with self-awareness were not rare in the Realm of the Gods, but the True Demon Body originally had the appearance of a girl. If it still had its own intelligence, wouldn't it be a person?
. "Yes, but its intelligence is only at a very elementary level. It will resist others from possessing it." The woman replied.
If the body of the True Demon really had high intelligence, it would become the most powerful monster in the Abyss Demon Realm. It would be above her and the Demons...
While talking, Luo Zheng and the others crossed the vast snowfield. A huge snow mountain lay in front of them.
Just now, when they were walking all the way here, they could still see the huge footprints left behind by the ice sculptures, but the falling snow had long since covered up the footprints.
"Eh? What is that? "
Just after crossing the col at the foot of the snow mountain, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of surprise.
Soon after, he and Chen Huang Yijian descended from midair, landing on the ice layer.
When they saw what was under the ice, their faces became very strange.
When the others saw the road paved with so many corpses, they felt a little scared, let alone Chen Huang Yijian.
"These corpses are my own …" Chen Huang Yijian also had a dumbfounded expression, "This is also a clone!"
They had already seen the woman's methods, so they reacted immediately.
But Chen Huang Yijian did not expect that there would be so many corpses here.
"There are about 130,000 corpses buried here. There are more than 30,000 corpses that could not be brought back. They were all crushed," the woman said as she descended.
Chen Huang Yijian stared at the road formed by the corpses and asked, "But why are they buried here?"
"Just to make a record," the woman replied, shrugging her shoulders.
At this point, a slight vibration suddenly came from under their feet. The entire snow mountain was shaking.
"It's starting! Let's catch up! "The woman's face showed a smile.
She originally had the ability to hide this ice coffin.
But by leading the Saints into the ice coffin, she could use them to open the way, and also let them die. Killing two birds with one stone, why not?
Then she led Luo Zheng and the others to climb up the snow mountain..
This snow mountain was tens of millions of feet high and very steep. But with Luo Zheng's speed, it only took half an incense stick of time.
When Luo Zheng and the others had just climbed to the mountainside, the snow mountain shook again.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The violent shaking caused an avalanche, and the snow was like a wild elephant rushing down from the top of the mountain.
The woman's mind moved slightly, and a clone of a Saint stood out. The broadsword in the Saint's hand suddenly slashed along the mountain.
"Rip …"
The sword cut a huge hole in the avalanche, and Luo Zheng and the others rushed up through the hole.
After half an incense stick of time …
Luo Zheng finally reached the top of the mountain.
Looking up, he discovered that there was a huge hole in the center of the snow mountain.
This snow mountain was like a huge volcano, and it was a volcano that was erupting!
However, what was erupting from the hole in the center of the snow mountain was not "lava," but a bone-chilling cold air and countless pieces of ice. This was an ice volcano!
"Those people are in danger!"
Luo Zheng had just reached the top of the mountain when he saw four or five Quasi-sages and ten or so Perfect True Gods floating above the hole.
The hole was spewing out cold air, and these Quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods were frozen by the cold air.

Chapter 2444
Just one eruption of the ice volcano had taken away more than ten lives.
Luo Zheng was also shocked, but when he looked around, he couldn't find anyone else. Could it be that everyone had been attacked by the cold air?
Did that mean that Hua Tianming had also died?
"Where are the others?" Luo Zheng asked.
Although the cold air erupting from the ice volcano was terrifying, the cold air only soared into the sky and did not spread in all directions.
"Da da …"
The woman walked out slowly and stood at the edge of the big hole. She pointed downwards and said, "Of course they are hiding there!"
Luo Zheng walked beside her and looked in the direction she was pointing. He saw that the edge of the big hole was very smooth.
However, huge grooves were cut out on the smooth walls of the cave ….
These grooves looked like they were made by swords and knives. Although the space was not big, each groove was enough to hide about a hundred people.
At that moment, Dongfang Chunjun and the other sages, quasi-sages, and Perfect True Gods were all crowded together.
When they climbed to the top of the big snow mountain, they did not know what was going on. Just as they were looking around, the big snow mountain suddenly trembled and a cold current gushed up from the bottom of the mountain!
Those who were close to Dongfang Chunjun were lucky. They rushed to the grooves on the wall and avoided the attack of the white cold air.
However, the quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods on the other side were not so lucky. They turned into ice and fell down. Most of them died!
Everyone in the grooves did not look good. Some of the Perfect True Gods' faces were even pale. The Abyss of Demons was indeed the most dangerous place. Sometimes, one wrong thought could decide life and death.
After Luo Zheng and the woman appeared, Dongfang Chunjun naturally saw them.
"This guy is not dead yet!" Murderous intent flashed in Mu Haiji's eyes.
Although there were times when he could not even protect himself in this dangerous place, Mu Haiji still wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed slightly. His finger gently touched a black ring on his thumb.
His Divine Spear of Supreme Harmony was hidden in this black thumb ring. If he used the Divine Spear of Supreme Harmony, he was confident that he could kill Luo Zheng. After all, he was the only one who could use the Divine Spear of Supreme Harmony to perform greater teleportation!
But Emperor Hanqing quickly suppressed this thought …
After all, he also knew that now was the most critical moment, and silencing them was meaningless.
If Luo Zheng really exposed his identity, he would probably choose to attack Dongfang Chunjun immediately.
He had been suppressing this thought for all these years, but he just couldn't find a suitable opportunity!
Hua Tianming's gaze also became very complicated …
"Why is Luo Zheng with that woman? Could he also be a clone? "Hua Tianming naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could safely escape the Abyss Devil Domain.
In Hua Tianming's eyes, this woman wasn't easy to deal with either …
Everyone's attention was only on Luo Zheng for a moment. The others were more concerned about the danger they were facing, and the whereabouts of the True Demon Body.
"You let us scout the way first, while you acted as the oriole behind us. What a brilliant plan!" Dongfang Chunjun said to the woman through the surging cold air.
Even though the cold air was whistling up from the bottom and making a piercing sound, Dongfang Chunjun's words were still clearly heard.
The woman looked down at Dongfang Chunjun and sneered, "You found all of this yourselves, and now you're blaming me? Even if I wasn't here, you would still come here. Besides, I was the one who made the grooves on the wall. Instead of thanking me, you're blaming me? "
The grooves on the cave wall were created by the replica of Chen Huangyi's sword that she controlled!
The bottom of the ice volcano was immeasurably deep, and the cold air only lasted for the blink of an eye.
It was simply wishful thinking to rush to the bottom of the ice volcano during this interval. In the end, the woman came up with such a method.
The grooves on the wall could allow people to temporarily hide, which was to dodge back and forth in the grooves to avoid the cold air!
"Thank you my ass! Isn't it just making some big holes in the wall? I can do it too! "Tang Lun cursed. He stood in the depths of the grooves and suddenly punched the ground.
The power of his punch was not small.
However, the ground inside the ice volcano did not move at all!
"Something's strange …"
Tang Lun's expression became a little unnatural.
After all, he was a Saint. He could even smash the famous mountains and rivers in the Divine Realm into pieces with one punch. Cutting off mountains and rivers was a piece of cake for him.
However, his punch did not move at all. He could not explain it. It was as if the mountain wall had completely absorbed his power!
This situation was similar to the ice demon statue. It was not damaged at all! But how did this woman make those grooves?
"If it was so easy to dig, I would have gotten the True Demon Body long ago. Why would I have to wait for you?" The woman's mouth revealed a mocking smile.
In order to drill to the bottom of the ice volcano, she thought until her brain broke. In the end, she chose to open up the grooves! In order to leave grooves on the edge of the hole, Chen Huangyi's clone died more than 20,000 times …
"Huff huff huff …"
The sound of cold air blowing up from the bottom of the hole became louder and louder.
After the woman sized up, she reminded, "The eruption of the ice volcano will stop soon. You can take the opportunity to rush to the grooves below. There is enough time!"
From one groove to another, lower groove, sprinting back and forth, they could dive to the bottom of the hole step by step!
"Why should we listen to you? It's too dangerous here. We have to go up! "Leng Yao said with a frown.
They were trapped in the narrow grooves by the cold air. It was indeed too dangerous. No one was willing to take the risk.
If the eruption of the cold air stopped for a moment, they would naturally return to the "crater" before making any plans!
Hearing this, the woman smiled slightly and said, "You can go down, but don't even think about coming up. I will seal off all your paths of retreat!"
As she spoke …
The more than ten Saint clones behind the woman stepped lightly on the ground and floated to the edge of the hole. All of them began to condense the Taoist Connotation in their bodies and released a chaotic and powerful aura.
"So you should go down?" The woman smiled beautifully and ordered in a negotiating tone.
Dongfang Chunjun took a deep breath when he saw his clones.
The current situation was already very dangerous. It was even more unwise to fight this woman at the "crater". They could not fight this woman at the crater! Fighting with his own duplicates!
They could only do as she asked!

Chapter 2445
Everyone else in the notch looked at Dongfang Chunjun, waiting for him to make a decision.
Dongfang Chunjun pondered for a moment, then said, "After this cold air disappears, we'll head to the next notch!"
Not long after he finished speaking …
The cold air gushing out from the huge hole suddenly stopped!
The whistling sound of the wind caused by the cold air also disappeared without a trace. Everyone instantly felt that their ears were clear.
"Let's go!"
Dongfang Chunjun coldly glared at the woman above, then led everyone from the Wealthy Alliance toward the notch on the other side.
The notch on the lower level was about three to four thousand feet away from them. With the strength of everyone from the Wealthy Alliance, they could reach it in the blink of an eye!
"That's right!" The corner of the woman's mouth rose slightly, then she said, "Let's go down too!"
Whoosh!
The woman gently floated, and Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian followed closely behind. Then, it was the clones of the Saints …
Soon, Luo Zheng entered the first notch on the huge hole. This notch was where Dongfang Chunjun and the rest were previously.
However, there were no quasi-sages or Perfected True Gods in Luo Zheng's group, so the 20 or so people didn't seem crowded.
The cold air gushing out from the huge hole in the center of the ice volcano only lasted for a short moment.
Not long after Luo Zheng entered the notch, another whistling sound came from the bottom of the hole.
Whoosh whoosh …
Milky-white cold air gushed out again, rushing toward the sky from the bottom of the hole.
Most of the people from the Wealthy Alliance stared at that woman with hatred …
"Instead of letting her force us into a desperate situation, we might as well fight it out with them!"
"That's right, let's not continue down later. Let's kill our way up!"
"But if it wasn't for her, I'm afraid we would still use this method to go down, right?" a quasi-sage said.
The Wealthy Alliance had found this coffin and discovered this huge snow mountain, so they naturally wanted to explore the interior of this snow mountain.
If they wanted to enter the bottom of this huge hole, they could only move around in the notch on the wall …
If it wasn't for this woman, they would also take this risk.
However, this was human psychology. When someone forced them, even if it was the right path, they would still have a reverse psychology.
"There's no need to argue. Let's continue," Dongfang Chunjun said.
Since Dongfang Chunjun had already made up his mind, the others had nothing to say.
But at this moment, the woman stuck her head out from one of the grooves …
The woman's smile was like a dimple, but when the people of the Alliance saw it, their hearts couldn't help but tremble. It was as if this woman really had the power to control life and death.
"Just a friendly reminder." The woman pointed at the third groove on the cave wall and said, "These grooves have been here for quite some time. As time passes, it's inevitable that some cold air will gather in them. The grooves below may produce some cold monsters. You have to be careful!"
"Baleful Frost? How strong is he? "Tang Lun asked with a gloomy face.
The woman pressed her index finger against her lips and thought for a moment. Then, she said, "Feel it for yourselves! They shouldn't be weak. A few Saints must have died … "
"A few Saints died? What are you talking about …"
"This woman is talking nonsense!"
"Ignore her!"
The faces of the members of the Wealthy Alliance turned gloomy.
Although they didn't believe it, there was still a taboo in their hearts.
"If you don't believe it, then forget it …" The woman curled her lips.
The cold wind in this ice and fire cave would blow for about the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.
Luo Zheng sat at the edge of the groove and looked at the rising cold air as he pondered.
He didn't know what kind of energy was contained in this cold air. Even if a Saint touched it, he would be frozen immediately …
Luo Zheng had also cultivated the Ice Soul Devil Flame of the Black Ice Divine Dao Seed, but compared to the cold air of this ice volcano, it paled in comparison.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng wanted to try it.
He gently flipped his palm, and an ice-blue flame appeared in his palm.
After Luo Zheng's cultivation level increased, the Ice Soul Devil Flame that he cultivated in the past also emitted a powerful cold air that constantly spewed out from his palm.
Then, he gently pushed his palm forward …
This thin wisp of Ice Soul Devil Flame had already reached out of the groove and came into contact with the rising cold air in the cave.
"Ga ga …"
Then, a strange scene appeared.
The Ice Soul Devil Flame was actually frozen at this moment.
And that milky white cold air was transmitted along with the Ice Soul Devil Flame!
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked and wanted to withdraw his hand, but it was already too late …
He felt that his right hand had completely lost all feeling. Even if he desperately urged his Taoist Connotation to dissolve this cold air, he couldn't do it.
"Origin of Strength …"
In a hurry, he could only use the Origin of Strength.
But after the Origin of Strength in his body flowed into his arm, it also disappeared without a trace, as if the invisible energy was also frozen!
"How could this be!"
Luo Zheng's face became extremely ugly.
All this happened in an instant. When his face changed, the cold air had already transmitted along his arm to half of his shoulder!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, the woman gently pulled her fingertip, and a sharp brown filament slashed in front of Luo Zheng.
This brown filament quickly cut off the frozen wisp of Ice Soul Devil Flame, which was equivalent to cutting off the bridge between the cold air outside and Luo Zheng!
But the cold air outside was like a sticky candy, as long as it touched it, it would follow the flow.
This flexible brown filament was immediately frozen, and the turbulent cold air coiled up along the brown filament.
Seeing that the cold air was about to reach the woman's fingertip, the woman gently flicked her finger, and the entire brown filament was cut off from her fingertip and fell to the ground …
"Clang …"
The brown filament became hard and brittle, and with the sound of glass breaking, it broke into pieces on the ground, emitting cold air.
"Don't act recklessly. It's very dangerous here. If you make a slight mistake, even I can't protect you." The woman stared at Luo Zheng and said in a pleasant tone, without the slightest reproach.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and swung his stiff right arm.
He was able to recover after the woman cut off the Ice Soul Devil Flame. If she hadn't intervened, he was afraid that he would have become an ice sculpture by now.
"What kind of cold air is this? How could it be so powerful?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
The woman smiled gently and said, "This is not cold air, but a way of energy flow. This cold air is just the result of energy flow."
"A way of energy flow?" This was the second time Luo Zheng had heard the woman say this.

Chapter 2446
Although she explained it to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng still didn't understand …
After all, she didn't control the body of a true demon. Everything was just her deduction.
Now, Luo Zheng didn't dare to try the cold air. He could only watch as the cold air gushed up.
Thinking about it, the ice and snow of this world was probably caused by the eruption of this ice volcano.
After about half an hour, the cold air in the volcano cave started to weaken. The second resting period had arrived.
The woman was already standing at the edge of the groove. The clones of the Saints were also ready.
She did this to force the people of the Wealthy Alliance to continue going down. Moreover, she wanted the Saints below to counterattack.
"It's time to prepare to go down," the woman said from several hundred feet away.
"I don't need you to remind me," Dongfang Chunjun replied coldly.
The people of the Wealthy Alliance were already prepared …
When the cold air stopped, everyone left the second groove at the same time. They flew toward the third groove six thousand feet below.
Dongfang Chunjun was the first to act, so he was naturally the first to arrive.
The third groove was slightly deeper and had a slightly larger surface area.
After the woman's warning, Dongfang Chunjun also knew that there would be trouble in the third groove. As soon as he stepped in, he became extremely vigilant.
His gaze suddenly focused. He saw a faint yellow light flickering in the depths of the groove.
"Egg? What egg is that? "
Tang Lun followed closely behind Dongfang Chunjun. After seeing the faint yellow light, he asked with a strange expression.
Seven or eight egg-like things were clustered together …
The light on these eggs was originally very stable. However, Tang Lun's voice was unusually loud. As soon as he said this, the faint yellow light suddenly became denser. A trace of bright red even faintly appeared at the front of the egg. An intense energy was brewing inside.
Although Dongfang Chunjun didn't know what sort of egg this was, based on his instincts, he immediately used a True Essence sound transmission to pass on his words to everyone. "Everyone, shut up! Be careful when you land! Don't make a sound!"
The Saints, quasi-sages, and Perfect True Gods following behind didn't know what was going on.
However, Supreme Sage Chunjun had given the order, so they naturally obeyed …
When everyone entered the third groove, they were all very careful and careful.
The one hundred or so people were abnormally quiet.
When the whistling sound of the cold air disappeared, the entire interior of the ice volcano was silent. In such an environment, even a pin drop could be heard clearly.
No one made a sound, and the bird eggs in the corner didn't have any reaction. Dongfang Chunjun's hanging heart finally settled down. He opened his mouth and said with a true essence sound transmission, "Tang Lun's loud words alarmed the eggs, but fortunately … everyone, please be careful."
"What kind of egg is this?" Leng Yao stared at this cluster of eggs and asked with a true essence sound transmission.
They couldn't sense any life force from the egg, but there was a faint energy flowing within it.
Dongfang Chunjun shook his head. "I don't know. Everyone, stay here for half an hour and leave carefully."
Dongfang Chunjun was able to deal with the dangers in the Abyss Demonic Domain. He was able to stand in front of everyone immediately.
However, many things in this world had already exceeded Dongfang Chunjun's ability. He could only try his best not to provoke these things …
Emperor Hanqing's heart skipped a beat as he looked at these "bird eggs".
His judgment was somewhat similar to Dongfang Chunjun's. These things could explode at any time after being stimulated!
If he detonated these eggs, he could escape with the Taihe Divine Spear. Perhaps he could use it to kill Dongfang Chunjun?
However, Emperor Hanqing quickly dismissed this idea.
Although the energy in these eggs was powerful, it might not be enough to kill Dongfang Chunjun.
Moreover, he probably couldn't deal with that woman alone. If there was a chance to fight for the "True Demon Body", he might not be able to seize it alone!
I'll just have to bear with it for a while longer. Emperor Hanqing suppressed this thought.
"Whoosh …"
The cold air at the bottom of the ice volcano blew up again.
The whistling sound of the wind did not provoke these "bird eggs".
The League of Wealthy Clans could deliberately hold their breaths and not make a sound, but they couldn't stop that woman.
"Why is it so quiet?" The woman's voice reached Dongfang Chunjun and the others' ears from the second groove. "Looks like there's no ice in the third groove. There should be flame explosion crystals, right? Then it won't just be a matter of a few saints dying. If these things explode, all of you will die. "
The woman's voice traveled down, and the faces of the League of Wealthy Clans all changed.
Everyone looked at the 'bird eggs' in the cave at the same time. The surface of the 'bird eggs' was once again suffused with traces of blood red, and the red area was getting bigger and bigger.
Even the Perfect True Gods could see that these things could explode at any time!
Everyone's hearts were in their throats …
"Shut up!" Tang Lun roared.
Of course, this roar was also transmitted through a true essence sound transmission.
Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian felt Tang Lun's voice explode in their ears like thunder. A saint's roar was enough to seriously injure a normal True God.
"I can shut up," the woman said calmly.
Hearing her reply, the saints were confused. When was this woman easy to talk to?
At this moment, the sound of thunder exploding came from above.
"Boom!"
"Damn it! It's the Wood Yi Godly Lightning! "a saint said angrily.
The woman didn't say anything. Instead, she had one of the saints use the Wood Yi Godly Lightning of the Mystic Thunder Divine Path.
The sound of the thunder explosion was much louder than the sound of talking. The violent explosion spread from top to bottom.
As the sound shook violently, the red on the surface of the "bird eggs" quickly spread to the entire surface!
Terrifying energy crazily surged within the "bird eggs".
If this energy were to explode in this small space, everyone present would most likely die!
Even Emperor Hanqing pressed his Sumeru Ring again. He didn't want to die with Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun shook his head slightly. At this time, he could only attack again!
With a flip of his hand, a light green pouch appeared in his palm.
The surface of the bag gave off a powerful Time Divine Path Dao!
"Sou! “
Dongfang Chunjun rushed to the cluster of "bird eggs" at an extremely fast speed and covered the cloth bag above the "bird eggs".
"Pu!"

Chapter 2447
When the other Sages saw this cloth bag, they all had different expressions on their faces.
They obviously did not expect Dongfang Chunjun to have such a magic treasure …
Judging from the Dao of Time Divine Dao on the surface of this cloth bag, it was most likely a faith treasure from the forbidden land of the Sea of Time.
It was unknown when Dongfang Chunjun had obtained this treasure.
"Hum …"
The Pyroblast Crystal continuously produced a huge amount of energy.
However, no matter how the energy raged, it could not break free from this cloth bag.
"I didn't expect Brother Chunjun to have such a magic treasure!" Tang Lun laughed.
The hole of this groove was sealed by the cold air outside, and it was impossible to teleport. After the Pyroblast Crystal exploded, this place became a hopeless situation.
There was no possibility of even dodging.
Whether it was the Sages or the Perfected True Gods, they had all fallen into despair.
They did not expect Dongfang Chunjun to take out such a cloth bag at the most critical moment. It was indeed surprising. At the same time, everyone felt lucky to have survived a disaster.
This cloth bag was originally facing down, but Dongfang Chunjun held it tightly.
After a while, he took a deep breath. At the same time, he flipped and lifted this round cloth bag from the ground.
Seeing Dongfang Chunjun's action, the others all took two steps back.
"It has been sealed. The time in this cloth bag is constantly circulating. These things can't really explode unless I open this cloth bag," Dongfang Chunjun said.
This time cloth bag was not obtained from the forbidden land of the Sea of Time.
Sages were not invited to the forbidden land on the Blind Tribe's island. At most, only Perfected True Gods were allowed to enter. Even quasi-sages were not allowed to enter.
When Dongfang Chunjun was helping Li Luoshui find her body, he obtained it from a broken time fragment!
Because of this, Dongfang Chunjun had a new understanding of the entire Sea of Time.
This was because faith treasures could only be born in forbidden lands. Only forbidden lands could gather the faith power of the entire Divine Territory.
If that was the case, the entire Sea of Time should be considered a huge forbidden land.
When Dongfang Chunjun subdued the Pyroblast Crystal …
Several violent explosions came from the bottom of the volcano at the same time.
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
Every once in a while, Pyroblast Crystals would appear in these grooves.
Even that woman didn't know the exact reason …
When she had first explored the crater of this ice volcano, she had suffered a great loss here. Of course … Chen Huangyi's clone had also been blasted to pieces by the exploding crystals.
In the future, she would naturally be on guard against these powerful things.
Therefore, every time she entered the volcanic crater, she would make a huge commotion and detonate the Flame Explosion Crystals that might be in those grooves.
This time, because the members of the Wealthy Alliance were leading the way, she had forgotten about it.
Now, she ordered a Saint to release the "Yi Wood Divine Thunder" in order to detonate all the Flame Explosion Crystals.
If she could use this opportunity to get rid of the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance, she would be more than happy to do so. Her original plan was to get rid of these Saints.
"Huff huff …"
The Flame Explosion Crystals and the cold air blowing from the crater of the ice volcano were originally two types of extreme energy flows.
After the Flame Explosion Crystal burst out with a bright red energy flow and rushed out of the groove, it intersected with the cold air and suddenly made a series of explosive sounds.
It was like pouring water into boiling oil …
Under the reaction of the two, wisps of light red smoke were produced and rushed upwards from the bottom of the crater of the ice volcano straight into the sky.
The smoke and cold air once again condensed into dark red snowflakes, slowly drifting in the world of the ice coffin. It was a different kind of beauty.
"These guys do have some ability …"
The woman looked in the direction of the third groove and smiled faintly.
These Flame Explosion Crystals were extremely unstable. The Yi Wood Divine Thunder would definitely be able to detonate all of them.
However, there was no energy escaping from the third groove.
This meant that the Saints had used some method to seal the Flame Explosion Crystals.
However, she didn't care.
Even if the Saints survived this stage, there were still more dangerous places waiting for them.
Moreover, behind her stood the perfect replicas of the Saints. The stronger the performance of the Saints, the more powerful the replicas would be.
"Huff …"
The cold air that was constantly blowing calmed down once again.
Dongfang Chunjun's actions greatly encouraged the others. Although this damned place was dangerous, as long as Dongfang Chunjun was here, they would be able to survive safely.
Everyone left the third notch and entered the fourth notch at the same time …
Although the explosion from below had already given them a hint that the Flame Explosion Crystals under the ice volcano should have been detonated.
However, when everyone from the Wealthy Alliance entered the fourth groove, they were still tiptoeing.
Caution was the parent of safety. No one was willing to die on the spot because of a moment of carelessness. It was as if they were facing a great enemy.
According to what the woman said, there should be a ferocious thing called cold air in these grooves. If they encountered it, a fierce battle would be inevitable.
"Empty?"
"There's nothing in the fourth groove?"
"If there's nothing, that's naturally the best …"
Everyone was slightly relieved. When everyone was in position, the cold air outside began to blow again.
Luo Zheng and the others also took advantage of this time to step into the third groove …
Taking advantage of the break, the two groups of people, one in front and one behind, descended through the layers of grooves. They could only descend three to four thousand feet in the time it took to burn an incense stick. Naturally, their speed couldn't be fast.
However, the Saints were extremely lucky along the way.
Apart from the Flame Explosion Crystals on the third layer, they didn't encounter any threats.
After about an hour, the Wealthy Alliance's group had walked one-third of the way down.
The eleventh groove …
Just as Dongfang Chunjun entered, a wave of cold air hit him in the face!
Although the temperature on the snowy mountain was already very low, the cold air in this groove lowered the temperature by another level.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
In the depths of this groove, three translucent heads floated. These heads looked ferocious, and cold air flowed out of their eyes.
"Be careful!"
Dongfang Chunjun noticed these strange heads and immediately warned the people behind him.
However, it was already too late …
These three translucent heads spat out three milky-white cold air from their mouths.
These cold air were exactly the same as the cold air erupting from the ice volcano. However, each cold air was only as thick as a finger.
Even so, the slightest touch could be fatal!

Chapter 2448
Tang Lun felt that his back had lost all feeling after the cold air brushed past him.
However, he was a Saint who cultivated the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao, and the cold air did not hit him.
With a thought, the Dao in his body circulated crazily and expelled the cold air from his body!
The cold air did not hit Tang Lun, but the people behind him were not so lucky.
Qin Yuan, the Saint of the Qin family, followed closely behind Tang Lun.
Before Qin Yuan could react, he saw the cold air hit his chest.
As one of the more powerful Saints, he did not even have time to say a word before his shocked expression froze on his face …
Whoosh …
Qin Yuan, who had turned into an ice sculpture, fell down like a stone.
Although the Saints beside him could stop Qin Yuan from falling, the cold air in Qin Yuan's body was too dense.
How was that cold air? It was a cold poison without an antidote!
Without anyone to save him, Qin Yuan quickly disappeared before everyone's eyes …
The other two cold air shot out by the heads hit empty air and did not take anyone's life.
Qin Yuan's sudden death caused everyone in the Wealthy Clan Alliance to panic again.
In everyone's eyes, the Saints of the Qin family were on par with Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, and Tang Lun. For such a person to die in the blink of an eye gave them a surreal feeling.
Under such circumstances, who would dare to casually rush in?
However, the ice volcano's resting period was very short …
Seeing that whistling sound came from below again, the cold air at the bottom was about to erupt again. No matter what, they had to make a decision.
Most of them still gritted their teeth and entered the groove. They would die anyway. With Dongfang Chunjun here, perhaps he could solve the threat in the groove.
However, a small number of people began to hesitate …
Because they had a second option, which was to return to the previous groove.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Two Perfected True Gods and two Quasi-Saints made this choice and quickly returned to the grooves on the upper level.
However, as soon as they returned, their faces were filled with regret.
In the face of danger, they had forgotten that if they returned, they would have to face that terrifying woman …
Whoosh …
The cold air surged up again and sealed all the grooves.
The two Quasi-Saints and two Perfected True Gods had no way to retreat.
The woman glanced at the four of them and asked coldly. "Get out!"
One of the two Secondary Saints came from the Liu Clan while the other came from the Leng Clan.
After the initial panic, they calmed down.
Although this woman exuded an evil aura from head to toe, she did not appear to be particularly bloodthirsty.
Perhaps they could beg for a chance of survival from her.
"The situation just now was critical. We will naturally go down during the next rest period." After the quasi-saint of the Liu Clan calmed down, he cupped his hands and said to the woman.
The other three were secretly observing the woman's expression.
If this woman chose to attack, they would definitely not sit still and wait for death. However, if she was willing to let them go, that would naturally be for the best.
"Are you going to scram yourselves, or do you want me to send you out?" Her voice gradually turned cold.
The four of them had bitter looks on their faces. No matter how they answered this question, they would die no matter what they chose.
Without waiting for them to beg for mercy, several tyrannical forces swarmed towards the four of them from behind the woman.
These invisible forces were summoned by the Sages, and they were like mountains and seas that could not be resisted!
How could the four of them resist at all?
Almost involuntarily, they were pushed out of the groove and placed in the cold air. In an instant, they turned into four ice sculptures and fell down …
In front of so many Sages, they had no chance to struggle at all!
The four of them died!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Probably noticing Luo Zheng's expression, the woman took the initiative to say, "Those who are not of my clan are all ants. As a member of the Chiyou Clan, you can't pity these ants."
Luo Zheng did not say anything.
After all, this woman was a ferocious creature born in the Abyss of Demons. It was meaningless to reason with her.
…
…
In the groove below, the three heads had been smashed into pieces and turned into transparent fragments.
These three heads were the "cold air" that the woman had mentioned. This thing itself was not considered powerful.
However, the cold air that came out of their mouths was extremely fatal!
Everyone's expression was very unsightly …
In just a short while, Qin Yuan had already died. Just now, two more Secondary Saints and two Perfect True Gods had fallen down!
Although they did not see it with their own eyes, they knew that these four people must have been forced.
"This woman is too much!"
Tang Lun gritted his teeth and said hatefully. Tang Lun had always been on good terms with Qin Yuan. At this moment, he was naturally furious.
"Are we still going down? Who knows what other strange things there are down there … "Fang Shixing asked.
In this damned place, even Sages would find it difficult to protect themselves!
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed as he said with certainty, "Continue."
That woman had brought a group of Sages to guard above. They had no choice at all.
Thirty minutes passed very quickly. With the arrival of the break period, Dongfang Chunjun was the first to rush out again. At the same time, he said, "I will confirm whether there is danger in the next groove. Then, you all can enter."
In fact, regardless of whether there was danger or not, everyone had to go in. Because turning back meant that they would have to fight with that woman!
The remaining two-thirds of the journey was relatively easy.
In the grooves that Chen Huangyi had opened with his sword, there were only some cold air and Pyroblast crystals.
All the Pyroblast crystals had already been detonated. As long as the cold air was prepared, it was not much of a threat. Every time, Dongfang Chunjun would be able to crush the cold air immediately.
Two hours later …
Everyone from the Wealthy Alliance finally arrived at the groove at the bottom of the ice volcano.
"Look! That looks like a huge beehive! "
"There is so much cold air … So the cold air is spat out by the cold air!"
"So densely packed, so disgusting!"
Those Perfect True Gods craned their necks and looked at the strange scene below.
Perhaps it was because of the suffocation and fear along the way, but after getting through it, these Perfect True Gods were actually somewhat excited.
At the bottom of the ice volcano, there was a small mountain that was not very tall. The surface of the small mountain was covered with hexagonal lattices. It was unknown whether these lattices were naturally formed or were man-made.
Every hexagonal lattice had a translucent frost fiend embedded in it.

Chapter 2449
After spitting out cold air for a while, they slowly closed their mouths and eyes and went into a short sleep.
The deadly cold air suddenly stopped …
Everyone knew that the rest period had arrived.
But at this moment, even Dongfang Chunjun's face was full of hesitation.
There was no way down!
"What do we do now?"
"We can't just jump down, right?"
"…"
Just as everyone was hesitating, the woman's voice came again. "Continue down!"
"Down? Where else can we go down? "Tang Lun asked angrily.
"There's another world inside this nest of cold air. We just have to destroy this nest," the woman said.
"Why don't you do it!" Fang Shixing also said angrily.
Although these cold air couldn't withstand a single blow, the cold air they spat out was unstoppable. Even a Saint had to be very careful.
Moreover, there were probably millions of cold air in this huge nest. Who would dare to act rashly?
Just as the woman and the Saints were talking, the rest period was over. The cold air opened their eyes and mouths, continuing to spit out cold air.
"In the next rest period, do it yourselves. Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude …" the woman said in a commanding tone again.
The Saints and Quasi-Sages looked at each other.
This woman was indeed unreasonable …
The Perfected True Gods hid in the back, their faces full of panic.
"If we really provoke so many cold air, we won't be able to protect ourselves at all," Fang Henshao said with a long face.
These Perfected True Gods had been trembling with fear the entire time.
Fortunately, the Saints present were their elders, and even their fathers, so they protected the Perfected True Gods better.
So the number of Perfected True Gods who died was less than the Saints.
If they really attacked the nest of the cold air later, how could the Saints care? They would probably suffer heavy casualties!
"Let's just hide in this groove and see what that woman can do to us," Tang Wan said.
"Haha …" Mu Xuerong smiled bitterly and shook her head. "Can't you have a brain? That woman's cards are no worse than ours. Besides, she's up there. As long as she startles the cold air, we'll be in trouble. Won't you die faster if you hide in this narrow groove? "
"Then what do we do …" Tang Wan said with wide eyes.
They used to think that their elders and fathers were omnipotent existences, but in this godforsaken place, even the saints were so weak.
The faces of the Qin family's two Perfect True Gods and one quasi-sage were now ashen …
Although Qin Yuan could be resurrected in the universe, it would still take time!
After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …
The Frost Fiends closed their eyes again. Another period of rest had arrived.
"Since you haven't come to an agreement, then let me help you …"
The woman's cold voice sounded, and then a golden flame floated down from above.
The moment this flame landed on the frost fiend's lair, it suddenly bloomed!
"Hua la!"
The raging flames immediately enveloped an area of several hundred feet.
Although this flame could not burn the frost fiends to death, it had awakened all of them!
The cold fiends that had just fallen into a deep slumber quickly opened their eyes and rushed out of those hexagonal lattices!
"Ahhhhhh …"
These Frost Fiends let out deep roars, searching for the enemy that had angered them.
They were like bees guarding a beehive. Once an intruder arrived, they would swarm up and launch an attack at the first moment, clearing out all potential enemies.
Countless Frost Fiends swarmed up and quickly circled at the bottom.
Soon, these "heads" smelled a special scent and gathered at the groove where the Wealthy Alliance was.
"Ahhhh …"
These heads let out strange sounds, summoning more of their companions.
In just a few breaths of time, over a hundred thousand Frost Fiends had gathered …
These Frost Fiends stacked together, forming a wall, which then slowly opened its mouth.
"It's over …" Fang Henshao had a long face.
Everyone was at a loss of what to do …
At that moment, everyone suddenly felt a warm current behind them.
Someone turned around and saw that Dongfang Chunjun had a round bag in his hand!
This bag was the one he had taken the "Flame Explosion Crystal" from before. After Dongfang Chunjun took the "Flame Explosion Crystal", he had hidden it in his spatial ring.
And the Flame Explosion Crystal did not disappear …
The time in this bag was constantly cycling, so the "Flame Explosion Crystal" in the bag was constantly exploding, recovering, exploding again, and recovering again!
At that moment, Dongfang Chunjun opened the bag, and the powerful energy that had gathered in the bag was released in a straight line!
"Whoosh!"
At that moment, everyone felt their eardrums hurt.
The energy of the Flame Explosion Crystal washed over them in a straight line. Even so, the slightly dissipated energy still caused their hair to be charred.
When Dongfang Chunjun released the energy of the Flame Explosion Crystal, over a hundred thousand Frost Fiends also opened their mouths to spray out cold air!
"Weng …"
When the two completely opposite energies collided, the energy of the Flame Explosion Crystal had the absolute upper hand.
The moment the cold air came into contact with the fiery red energy flow, it disappeared without a trace …
"Boom …"
The red energy flow hit the wall formed by the Frost Fiends.
Like crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood, it smashed these cold fiends into pieces …
"So powerful!"
"This is the power of the Flame Explosion Crystal!"
"If it weren't for Great Sage Chunjun using this bag to collect the Flame Explosion Crystal, we would have died long ago!"
Although everyone knew that the power of the Flame Explosion Crystal was not simple …
But they had never imagined that the power of this thing would be so great!
Dongfang Chunjun killed over a hundred thousand Frost Fiends in an instant, but the violent explosion spread throughout the entire Frost Fiend Lair!
As the Frost Fiend Lair shook, the Frost Fiends embedded in it all flew up. This group had clearly activated a higher level of alert!
"Staying here means certain death. Charge out, follow me! Everyone, just don't face these Frost Fiends head on! "
Dongfang Chunjun roared, then took the lead and charged out in a flash.
The other Sages, Quasi-Sages, and Perfected True Gods all followed suit …
The Frost Fiends flew everywhere, and after confirming their target, they started spitting out cold air!
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
These milky-white cold air were like fatal rays of light, flying everywhere above the lair.
In the chaos, everyone was in danger!
Dongfang Chunjun was the fastest. He circled above the Frost Fiend Lair like an eagle.
His ostentatious actions attracted the attention of most of the Frost Fiends!
These Frost Fiends actually flew over and followed behind Dongfang Chunjun, spitting out cold air!

Chapter 2450
Luo Zheng, Chen Huang Yijian, and the woman stood on the upper level and saw everything below.
Seeing Dongfang Chunjun suddenly fly over, the woman's eyes flashed slightly.
Of course, she knew Dongfang Chunjun's goal. He wanted to lure the cold demons over!
"Let's go out," the woman said as she glanced at Luo Zheng. "You have to be careful!"
According to the woman's idea, she wanted to force the Saints to break through the cold demons' lair. At that time, most of the Saints and Quasi-Saints would die, and she would lead the Saints' clones to clean up the mess and reap the benefits.
She didn't expect Dongfang Chunjun to dare to take the lead.
Even with her strength, she couldn't escape being sealed in the groove by the cold demons.
Now, she could only rush out of the groove …
The woman wasn't worried about anything else. The only thing she was worried about was Luo Zheng.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The woman lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot and flew out.
The Saints' clones were connected to her mind and flew out at the same time!
"How dare you lure these things up here!" The woman scolded coldly.
Dongfang Chunjun snorted coldly and circled in the air. The dense cold demons behind him opened their mouths and spat out cold air, and the angle of the cold air was aimed at the woman!
Every Saint was a unique existence in the Divine Realm and was also the darling of the entire Divine Realm. Dongfang Chunjun was a top existence among the Saints. How could he be willing to be controlled by this woman?
Previously, he had walked down step by step because he had no choice. Along the way, he had been holding back.
Now that he had found an opportunity, he began to counterattack!
The dense cold air turned into a messy big net and enveloped the woman. There was almost no space to dodge in this big net.
Dongfang Chunjun's move was extremely beautiful!
"Master, be careful!"
"Divine Night Fire Shield!"
"First Wood Divine Lightning!"
"…"
The Saints' clones were at a lower position and were at the same level as Dongfang Chunjun. They weren't caught in the cold air.
However, when they saw that their "master" was in danger, they all rushed to attack!
"Huala …"
"Pipa!"
"…"
The intelligence of these replicas was not inferior to the original body. They also knew how powerful the cold Qi was. They just used their Dao Connotation to condense streams of energy to help the woman dispel the cold Qi.
However, the characteristics of this cold Qi were too complicated. No matter how strong one's power was, it would be powerless in front of this cold Qi.
All the energy was frozen the moment it came into contact with the cold air …
"Sou!"
The woman kept retreating.
At the same time, a layer of brown light gushed out of his body.
The primitive Fear power of the Meditation Sea was constantly drawn over by her, turning into a brown shield in front of her.
Swish …
Under the onslaught of the cold air, the surface of the shield was instantly frozen.
The Primordial Terror Power was originally an extremely powerful energy. The evil sins used the Primordial Terror Power to trap Dongfang Chunjun.
Even a quasi-saint like Chen Huang Yijian, after fusing the primal fear power into the Yi God Sword, his strength had increased by leaps and bounds. He could even fight against Qing Emperor!
However, in front of this cold Qi, they were still unable to withstand a single blow.
After the brown shield was frozen, cracks quickly appeared on its surface. With a crisp "clang", the shield had already shattered into pieces and scattered …
The Saints below kept dodging the fragments of the shield because the cold Qi contained in the fragments was enough to be fatal!
After one shield shattered, the woman reached out and gently tapped the air. Another shield appeared in the air, but it shattered in an instant …
Shields kept appearing and shattering, and the woman took the opportunity to keep retreating!
After using the cold Qi to trick the woman, Dongfang Chunjun did not stop at all. He actually circled along the cave wall and quickly approached Luo Zheng!
"We'll meet again if we're fated!"
Although Dongfang Chunjun was also in danger, when he faced Luo Zheng, a faint smile still appeared on his face.
This time, Luo Zheng had no chance of escaping …
In the Time Sea forbidden area, Luo Zheng and Aunt Hanjiu had escaped in front of him. It was indeed a mistake.
However, this was something unexpected for Dongfang Chunjun. After all, he did not expect Shi Xiaoqiao to make a move at the critical moment.
However, he also did not expect this kid to be able to bring back a group of experts!
Now that Dongfang Chunjun had found an opportunity, he naturally would not show any mercy.
"Die!"
Dongfang Chunjun condensed a black and white palm print in his hand.
To kill a Perfected True God and make him use the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning, it was already enough of Luo Zheng's respect.
He had to get rid of Luo Zheng as quickly as possible, and then find a way to deal with that woman!
However, just as he was about to slap Luo Zheng to the right, Luo Zheng's body suddenly "paused" in midair, and coincidentally dodged his attack!
"Huh?"
Dongfang Chunjun's face was slightly stunned.
What was going on?
He did not think that Luo Zheng had the ability to predict the future, but Luo Zheng seemed to have seen through his thoughts and avoided his palm in advance!
Maybe it was just a coincidence …
Thoughts flew in his mind, and he did not stop attacking. He slapped a second time.
Dongfang Chunjun's second palm was erratic, and he was sure that Luo Zheng would not be able to see through his movements.
However, Luo Zheng twisted his body again, and with that strange movement technique, he easily avoided Dongfang Chunjun's palm …
This time, confusion finally appeared on Dongfang Chunjun's face.
Something's not right. This kid seems to be able to see through my thoughts?
A strange thought popped up in his mind …
However, how could his soul be seen by a mere Perfected True God? How did Luo Zheng do it?
Dongfang Chunjun was suspicious, but he did not ask.
Luo Zheng took the initiative to answer, "If you want to know how I did it, you can ask Emperor Hanqing!"
"What do you mean? Why ask him? "Dongfang Chunjun's expression darkened slightly.
When Luo Zheng mentioned Emperor Hanqing, Dongfang Chunjun remembered something.
When they were fighting against the little demons on the third level of the Abyss Demon Territory, because of the Soul Devouring Insects, they could not use their divine sense, so no one could catch a glimpse of the little demons.
Only two people could do it. One was Dongfang Chunjun, and the other was Emperor Hanqing!
Dongfang Chunjun relied on the "Eye of Insight", which allowed him to foresee what would happen in the next few breaths. That was how he knew where the little demons were coming from.
Emperor Hanqing was also able to do the same, which made Dongfang Chunjun feel very strange.
How could Emperor Hanqing find the little demons?
If Emperor Hanqing could read his thoughts, then he could use his thoughts to make decisions in advance …

Chapter 2451
There was not much time for Dongfang Chunjun to think now.
After hundreds of thousands of frost specters were lured up by Dongfang Chunjun, they were now scattered, and a considerable number of them had even sunk back down.
There were chaotic frost specters everywhere. As long as they stayed in the air for a moment, there would be dozens or even hundreds of frost specters whizzing toward them!
No matter what doubts he had in his heart, he had to get rid of Luo Zheng first.
"Bullshit!"
Dongfang Chunjun closed in on Luo Zheng and suddenly spread his hands.
Two auras, one black and one white, spiraled out of his body like two true dragons, turning into a torrent that surged toward Luo Zheng.
The torrent covered an extremely wide area!
Even if Luo Zheng had read Dongfang Chunjun's memory fire and knew his thoughts in advance, he still could not get rid of the torrent with his speed.
Whoosh …
Seeing the torrent surging toward him, Luo Zheng's face darkened slightly.
Swoosh!
As he quickly retreated, he was already holding a longsword in his hand, his eyes filled with coldness.
"Fusion energy!"
"Slash …"
Now, Luo Zheng could only go all out against Dongfang Chunjun.
Unfortunately, he could not transform into a Rage God that was thousands of feet tall. Those frost specters were spewing frost in all directions. If he transformed into a giant, he would not be able to avoid it at all. He would soon be frozen into a huge ice sculpture!
However, before he could slash with his sword, a slender figure suddenly descended from above and blocked in front of him.
The woman had finally gotten rid of the frost specters' attack.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was in danger, she did not hesitate at all. Primal Fear Energy quickly condensed in her palm and turned into a longsword.
"Break!"
The woman's eyes were wide open. The energy on the surface of the longsword surged wildly. The longsword was like a stubborn stone in the middle of a river, splitting the Yin and Yang torrent that was surging toward it …
"You want to kill my man?"
The woman stood behind the brown longsword and said to Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun's face darkened slightly. The woman had ruined his sure-kill attack!
Just as he was about to attack again, a thick Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning suddenly emerged from below …
Swoosh!
A torrent of Yin and Yang spiraled toward him. It was Dongfang Chunjun's clone!
The clone's strength was almost the same as Dongfang Chunjun's. If the clone went all out, Dongfang Chunjun would have to go all out as well!
Dongfang Chunjun could only unleash a Yin-Yang Torrent downward.
While the two "Dongfang Chunjun" were fighting, the woman said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go down!"
"Sou!"
Then Luo Zheng's hand is pulled by the woman and they dive down.
When she descended with Luo Zheng, there were six or seven copies of the Saints hovering around to protect them.
The woman's long black hair fluttered in the wind, gently brushing Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng had always regarded this woman as a ruthless monster, but he was touched to be protected by her like this.
It seemed like his bloodline was really important to her.
…
…
At the bottom of the ice volcano, everyone was repeating two things: avoiding the chaotic cold air and shattering the cold air.
Although the bodies of these Frost Fiends were extremely weak, the Frost Qi was extremely lethal, so it was extremely troublesome to deal with them …
"Swoosh!"
A sharp sword light flashed, and seven or eight Frost Fiends were instantly cut in half.
After Hua Tianming sheathed his sword, he suddenly kicked off the cave wall and instantly dodged three rays of Frost Qi that hit him.
At this moment, he saw the woman and Luo Zheng rushing down from above.
Both of them were in a situation where they had no choice. Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's eyes only met slightly, and there was no other communication.
In such a chaotic situation, many people died in the cold air. Many ice sculptures fell to the top of the nest, shattering into pieces.
"If we let them break the nest, so many people wouldn't have died. How stupid!" The woman's face showed a trace of helplessness.
According to her plan, she should have driven Dongfang Chunjun and the others to break the nest and enter first. Then she would lead the copies of the Saints and enter after them. However, Dongfang Chunjun led most of the Frost Fiends up at the critical moment, causing everyone to fall into a chaotic battle …
After saying that, the woman suddenly grabbed at the nest.
"Crack …"
A crack that was more than a hundred feet long was torn open in the huge "honeycomb."
Then, the woman said, "The Frost Fiends here will be reborn continuously. If you are willing to fight here, everyone will die here. If you don't want to die, you can follow me in!"
The woman's voice was not loud, but everyone heard it clearly.
The Saints, Quasi-Saints, and Perfected True Gods all looked down. Indeed, it was as she had said. Within those hexagonal lattices, cold specters rapidly condensed and flew out of the lattices.
"No wonder … I was wondering why there were only a million Frost Fiends. Why couldn't we kill all of them?"
"These things can be reborn continuously …"
Although a million Frost Fiends was a large number, the Saints and Quasi-Sages present were not weak. If the Frost Fiends gathered densely, killing thousands or even tens of thousands of Frost Fiends with one move was not a problem.
However, they had killed so many Frost Fiends, so the number was not small.
As soon as the woman finished speaking, the clones of the Saints each used their own escape techniques and flew down.
Even Dongfang Chunjun's copy left the battle. He cupped his hands toward Dongfang Chunjun and flew down …
"Let's go in." After saying that, the woman dragged Luo Zheng and entered the crack.
The copies of the Saints followed closely behind.
Chen Huangyi naturally would not stay there. When he saw Luo Zheng being dragged down by the woman, he also rushed down.
The people of the Wealthy Alliance were still shuttling back and forth between the Frost Fiends. However, most of them had already stopped killing the Frost Fiends and focused their attention on Dongfang Chunjun.
Actually, many of them were thinking of leaving this damned place!
Too many people had died …
Saints had died, Perfected True Gods had died, and many Quasi-Sages had also fallen.
Now that they had finally gotten rid of that woman, it was not too late to turn back.
Who knew what else was in this nest? If things went wrong, the Wealthy Alliance might be completely annihilated here.
It was not a big deal if the Saints died, as they could be reborn soon. However, if the Quasi-Sages and Perfected True Gods died, they would not have the chance to start over again!
"Let's go down too!"
Dongfang Chunjun said after pondering for a while.
According to what the woman had said, the body of the True Demon should be in this nest. Since they had already come this far, it was even more impossible for him to give up.

Chapter 2452
"The space inside is so big, and the two stars are so beautiful …"
Luo Zheng floated in the void and looked around. He did not expect the interior of the frost fiends' lair to be a boundless void.
Two huge balls of light floated in the center of the void. One ball of light was like the sun, and the other ball of light emitted a cold blue light, like a cold star.
"The first time I came in, I was also amazed," the woman said with a nod.
"This is not the first time you came in?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course." The woman smiled faintly.
She could use Chen Huang Yijian's clone to come to the bottom of the ice volcano. Naturally, she could enter the lair.
If Dongfang Chunjun had been obedient and directly tore open the frost fiends' lair, the Wealthy Alliance would not have lost so many people.
"But I failed many times before, even if it was close at hand," the woman said.
The "it" she was referring to was the true demon's body.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The clones of the Saints entered through the opening she tore open. The woman looked at these clones and added, "There won't be any more accidents this time …"
When these clones of the Saints entered, Chen Huang Yijian followed closely behind.
Next were the Perfected True Gods, Secondary Saints, and Saints of the Wealthy Alliance.
Although people from the Wealthy Alliance died one after another in the Abyss Demon Area, there were still hundreds of people left by the time they reached the ice volcano.
But after entering the ice volcano, the number of deaths kept increasing.
After the last person entered, someone counted silently. There were only 50 people left out of the hundreds.
Most of the juniors did not look good. Even though they were Perfected True Gods, the deaths of their clan leader, Saints, and Secondary Saints gave them a lot of psychological pressure and shock.
Some people even felt resentment towards Dongfang Chunjun!
It was Dongfang Chunjun who had led them to destruction …
But they only thought about it. They did not dare to say it out loud.
The woman floated a few steps in the void and looked at Dongfang Chunjun, who had just entered. "Do you still want to fight? I can accompany you. "
None of the clones were injured, so there were probably more Saints on her side …
Although the Wealthy Clan Alliance still had some Quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods, they wouldn't be able to play a decisive role once the battle started.
Looking at the woman's provocative gaze, Dongfang Chunjun's eyes narrowed slightly. "If you want to fight, we will naturally accompany you!"
Although Dongfang Chunjun's tone was unyielding, everyone could tell that Dongfang Chunjun had given in.
The people from the Giant Alliance also let out a sigh of relief. They really didn't want to risk their lives here.
The corners of the woman's mouth curled up slightly. She turned around and said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go!" Then she pulled Luo Zheng forward.
After traveling through the void for some distance, the two huge balls of light in the distance became clearer and clearer …
"This cold air … is indeed the cold air that the Ice Demon spits out," Luo Zheng said after feeling the cold air. "But this red ball of light … is it the one that was detonated in the groove?"
"You guessed right." The woman smiled. "The red ball of light is the energy of the Flame Explosion Crystal! Take a closer look at this ball of light! What can you see? "
Luo Zheng followed her instructions and gazed into the distance …
He saw a curled up figure in the red ball of light. There was also a curled up figure in the blue ball of light. This figure looked very thin and small, like a young girl who hadn't grown up yet. Luo Zheng immediately thought of the female corpse in the ice coffin.
"The True Demon Body is here? Why are there two? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The woman said indifferently, "There should only be one. Those are only the two manifestations of the True Demon Body."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You will know in a moment …"
The woman stopped when they were still thousands of feet away from the two huge balls of light.
At this distance, the red ball of light on the left gave off a blazing aura, as if it was being baked in flames. The right side gave off a bone-chilling aura, as if they were in a world of ice and snow.
At this moment, the woman looked at the balls of light and continued, "In fact, the True Demon Body itself should represent a kind of talent, a talent that can freely convert energy. The blue ball of light has an extremely cold aura. That's just the effect of the True Demon Body solidifying the energy …"
Her voice wasn't loud, but there was no noise in the void. Even the people from the Wealthy Alliance could hear her clearly.
The people from the Wealthy Alliance were also curious when they saw the two huge balls of light. They naturally noticed the girl's body in the balls of light. Now, everyone pricked up their ears to listen to her.
"Energy Solidification … Why is it so cold?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding, Energy Solidification should be a kind of energy tracing. For example, shaping the source of power into various shapes, or transforming purple gas into various creatures. This was a manifestation of Energy Solidification.
The woman smiled faintly. "That's not Energy Solidification in the sense you think it is."
With that said, the woman extended a jade-like hand toward Luo Zheng. A ball of brown energy condensed in her palm. It was the Primordial Fear Power.
Luo Zheng looked at her in confusion, not knowing what trick she was going to perform …
"Hum …"
The ball of Primordial Fear Power suddenly began to rotate violently.
Under the high-speed rotation, the temperature continued to rise!
"When all energy flows violently, the temperature will increase," the woman said indifferently.
"Huala …"
The temperature of the Primordial Fear Power reached a limit and turned into a light brown flame that bloomed in her hand.
With a gentle pinch, the brown energy and flame disappeared without a trace. Then, she said, "Similarly, if the energy is completely motionless, its temperature will drop to the limit and release absolute coldness."
"Are you talking about the cold aura?" Luo Zheng had already thought of it.
When the people from the Wealthy Alliance heard this, they came to a realization and discussed in low voices.
"Directly controlling the flow of energy, what ability is this!"
"If that's the case, then wouldn't the True Demon Body be able to freeze everything!"
"Didn't you feel it before?"
These people had just experienced the attack of the cold aura and the baptism of the cold aura.
They knew very well how powerful the cold aura was …
"Yes, it's the cold aura," the woman said indifferently. "Therefore, the True Demon Body is divided into two forms. One is the normal flow, which is the red ball of light … The other is the reverse flow, which is this blue ball of light. Shatter this ball of light and we can obtain the True Demon Body!"

Chapter 2453
"If it was that simple, you would have taken it long ago. Why did you wait for us to come?"
Tang Lun's voice came from behind.
The others couldn't help but nod. This woman had been in the Abyss Demon Territory for so many years and knew much more about this place than they did. If she had the chance to break this light ball, how could she have kept it until now?
"You're right. I can't take it away by myself." The woman smiled faintly. "These two energy light balls rely on the bodies of the true demons to exchange energy with each other. If you attack the red light ball, all the energy will solidify and accumulate on the blue light ball. If you attack the blue light ball, all the energy will become more active and continue to flow to the red light ball … For countless years, the energy between the two light balls has been constantly changing! If you come here in another year, the ice palace at the bottom of the Abyss Demon Territory will no longer be an ice palace but a fire palace. This ice coffin will also no longer be an ice coffin but a fire coffin. Even this ice volcano will be a real volcano! "
The environment of the true demon body would change every ten years or so.
This ice palace had been maintained for nine years …
"In another year …"
Luo Zheng roughly understood. The environment in the ice coffin depended on the two directions of energy flow.
If the energy was more active, it would turn into a sea of fire inside and outside the ice coffin. If the energy was stagnant, it would return to a world of ice and snow.
Now, the energy was gradually becoming more active …
Therefore, the blue light ball was far weaker than the red light ball!
"Therefore, more people need to gather together to help the true demon body convert energy." The woman stared at the light ball and said, "Now that the red light ball has accumulated 90% energy, we only need to attack the blue light ball and the true demon body will naturally convert energy to the red light ball … As long as we provide enough energy, we can add fuel to the fire and make the red light ball explode!"
"Isn't this method too stupid?"
"This light ball is only several thousand feet wide. Can't we just split it open?"
"In the end, it's just two balls of energy …"
Some quasi-sages and Sages lowered their heads and discussed again. Now, both sides were no longer fighting. It was more like they had formed a temporary alliance to discuss countermeasures together.
As for breaking the light ball and snatching the true demon body with their own abilities …
Hearing these discussions, the woman raised her head slightly, revealing a contemptuous expression. "You are all great Sages in the God Territory. Naturally, you all have some amazing methods. Feel free to give it a try!"
"Good! Let me try! "
The one who spoke was the Saint of the Fang Clan, Fang Shixing.
"Father, be careful," Fang Henshao reminded.
That woman was definitely not someone he trusted on purpose. Although she had said so much, there was no guarantee that she was just making things up.
If Fang Shixing angered this True Demon Body, there was still a considerable risk.
Fang ShiXing nodded slightly, then spread his hands out …
A huge shadow appeared in the void. It was a huge axe. This illusory axe didn't seem to exist in this world, but it exuded a powerful aura.
"Brother Shixing, did you obtain this axe from the Soul Wilderness? But I've never seen you use it before! "Tang Lun asked.
The aristocrats had been on the floating island for so many years, and these Saints had more or less gained something.
This axe was a level five faith treasure that Fang Shixing had obtained from the Soul Wilderness. It was also the most powerful faith treasure in the Soul Wilderness.
Fang ShiXing smiled and pointed at the illusory giant axe.
Everyone suddenly heard a wailing sound coming from the huge axe, and a surge of power rushed out from the huge axe, and immediately chopped towards the blue ball of light.
"Whoosh …"
"Clang!"
The moment the huge axe smashed into the blue ball of light, the surface of the blue ball of light flashed coldly.
"Huala …"
The huge force that had smashed into the blue ball of light had already been transferred to the red ball of light, becoming a flame within it.
The moment the huge axe came into contact with the blue ball of light, it was frozen.
Fortunately, the axe was special, and it was a faith treasure. It was almost indestructible. Fang ShiXing waved his hand lightly, and the axe continuously shrank until it disappeared from everyone's sight.
Fang ShiXing shook his head, admitting defeat. "These two balls of light are interchanging power and helping each other. How can you break it?"
"Let me do it!"
Tang Lun shouted heroically.
After seeing Fang ShiXing make a move, he couldn't help but recommend himself.
The woman smiled faintly and said, "You can try, but it's useless to rely on yourself. I spared your life because your Fledgling Flame Divine Dao is also very important. Otherwise, I would have already killed you outside the Ice Palace."
Tang Lun couldn't help but glare fiercely at her.
She was indeed speaking the truth.
This time, the Body of the True Demon released a world of ice and snow. Although Tang Lun's strength was not the strongest among the Saints, his control of fire was indeed second to none.
Before entering the ice palace, she had thought of a way to gather the extra faith power of all the monsters in the Abyss Demon Realm. This faith power was used to create "clones", but if it was used to kill Tang Lun, it would be more than enough to kill him ten times over.
Tang Lun's body flew up a few dozen feet. He gently patted his head, and tri-colored flames appeared on top of his head.
"Hua!"
The tri-colored flames instantly turned into a huge tri-colored fire cloud.
"Whoosh!"
Tang Lun let out a heavy breath.
The tri-colored fire cloud began to spiral at an extremely high speed, rushing toward the blue ball of light.
Just as the woman had said, the faster the flow of energy, the more powerful it would be. Tang Lun was actually using this method.
However, in the instant that the tri-colored fire cloud touched the blue ball of light, the flames in the red ball of light continuously roiled, and the tri-colored fire cloud quickly froze and disappeared …
Tang Lun could be said to have used all his strength, but in the end, this was all he could do. He could only stare and then descend from the sky.
"This ice ball doesn't fear fire at all. It's useless!" Tang Lun said honestly.
To his surprise, the woman smiled faintly. "You can tell from the reaction of the red ball of light. The red ball of light just now obtained far more energy than Fang ShiXing's slash. Of course it's still useful!"
Hearing this, Tang Lun let out a sigh of relief. At least his performance was better than Fang ShiXing's.
"Now do you understand why I gathered so many Saints? If no one wants to try, we can work together to break through this ball of light, "the woman continued.
There were more than ten clones of Saints present, so there were close to 30 Saints in total …

Chapter 2455
However, they had just been enemies, and now they were talking about cooperation.
The members of the Wealthy Alliance still had some doubts in their hearts. What if this woman played tricks again and put everyone in a disadvantageous position?
This matter still needed Dongfang Chunjun to make the decision.
"Sure!"
Dongfang Chunjun agreed without much thought.
The ability of this true demon body to convert energy was indeed very tempting.
Just as this woman said, the true demon body could freeze any energy, and could also activate any energy. If he could obtain this treasure, he would be almost invincible in the divine territory!
"Let's go over here. In a while, listen to my instructions and use your most powerful attacks to attack this blue ball of light," the woman ordered.
In fact, according to her plan, the clones of the Saints were the key.
In the beginning, she did not intend to let these Saints live until here …
However, she was not completely sure whether the clones of more than ten Saints could "break" the red ball of light.
In addition, the strength and methods of these Saints were indeed somewhat beyond her expectations, and in the end, they had reached this step.
However, she still believed that the situation was firmly in her hands!
"Everyone, get ready!"
After getting into position, the woman's eyes flashed with a brown light.
The primitive power of fear swarmed out of her body. This brown energy flowed continuously and quickly gathered into a long spear that was a hundred feet long!
Although the primitive power of fear in this long spear was not targeted at Luo Zheng, the power of fear within it still made it difficult for Luo Zheng to control himself.
This power of fear even affected the Saints in the distance …
Although these Saints tried their best to suppress the fear in their hearts, their expressions were more or less unnatural.
"Hum …"
The clones of the Saints took out their respective magic treasures and began to accumulate power at the same time. Powerful surges of Dao also spread out from their bodies.
When the Saints saw the magic treasures of the clones, their expressions were both strange and interesting.
Most of the Saints who obtained a powerful faith treasure would hide it and rarely reveal it in front of outsiders.
Even the Wealthy Alliance did not know about it. Only the closest subordinates in their own families knew, because some of the faith treasures were accidentally discovered by the children of the Wealthy Alliance and offered up.
Now, they could only watch as these "imposters" took out a faith treasure that was exactly the same as their own!
This woman's power of duplication was far beyond the Saints' imagination.
Dongfang Chunjun merely glanced at him and began to release his True Meaning of Dao, which was black and white in color.
The Saints, Quasi Sages, and Perfected True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance were also constantly activating the Dao Accumulations in their bodies!
In this void, all kinds of different colored lights spread out. Waves of aura surged crazily.
Next up were Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian …
"Make your move …"
Following the woman's command, her slender and long fingers flicked lightly.
"Sou!"
The three hundred meter long spear shot towards the blue ball of light.
"Crack!"
The moment the long spear stabbed into the blue ball of light, the surface of the ball of light quickly surged. On the other side, the flames in the red ball of light crazily spiraled, and even faintly expanded!
"Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
There was no emotion in Luo Zheng's eyes. The Chengying Sword in his hand also slashed out a crescent-shaped sword light.
"Swish …"
The sword light whistled through the air.
At the same time...
Chen Huangyi's sword also slashed out brown sword threads.
The two of them both cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, but Chen Huangyi's sword borrowed the power of primordial fear, while Luo Zheng's fused with Dao energy.
"Whoosh …"
After the others had accumulated their power, they also blasted towards the blue ball of light.
Palm prints, sword lights, saber lights, long arrows …
All kinds of attacks of various colors and forms swept towards the blue ball of light.
The only thing they had to pay attention to was that after releasing the energy, they had to cut off the connection between the energy and their bodies as soon as possible.
Otherwise, the cold air of the blue ball of light would be transmitted over, and their bodies might be frozen!
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
Dozens of Saints, Quasi-Saints, and Perfected True Gods joined forces to attack. Even a Nirvana Realm expert would probably be turned into ashes.
However, the blue ball of light still floated in the air without any movement. These attacks were all absorbed by it and transformed into the red ball of light …
Inside the red ball of light, the crimson flames were like waves, rolling crazily inside the ball.
Through the red ball, one could faintly see that the body of the girl in the ball was also rolling!
At the same time, the red ball of light faintly expanded …
"Not enough! Everyone … please do your best! "The woman's long, shapely eyebrows raised as she ordered.
Those clones would definitely obey the woman's words.
After Tang Lun's clone heard that, he lightly patted his waist, and a small bronze wine cup flew up. The clone grabbed the wine cup and drank the contents of the bronze wine cup in one gulp!
After that, Tang Lun's clone's face flushed red, and his aura greatly increased.
When the clone took out the wine cup, Tang Lun himself had already noticed it.
Seeing the clone drinking it without hesitation, Tang Lun couldn't help but shiver.
That was the 'Forbidden Fire Blood' that Tang Lun had secretly refined. Drinking it could indeed increase one's strength for a short period of time, but it would have a huge negative effect on one's soul. However, the clone actually drank it without hesitation!
These clones didn't have any taboos at all. Each of them used their own methods to increase their strength.
After hearing the woman's words, although everyone from the Wealthy Alliance tried their best, they definitely wouldn't use methods that would harm their own bodies to increase their strength …
"Second round!"
Various methods once again descended on the surface of the blue ball of light.
"Rumble rumble …"
Violent explosions continued to reverberate in the air ….
The flames in the red ball of light began to expand again, and even spread outwards!
"Crack —"
A thin crack finally appeared on the surface of the red ball of light.
After seeing that crack, Dongfang Chunjun's eyebrows suddenly rose, and a trace of greed flashed in Emperor Hanqing's eyes.
They didn't care what the woman was planning. As long as there was a trace of a chance, they would definitely grab it immediately!
After seeing that crack, a smile appeared on the woman's face. Her estimation was correct. With everyone's combined strength, they actually managed to open the ball of light!
"There's a crack! It's about to split open! Continue! "
The red ball of light had already reached its limit. The third round of attacks should be enough to break it open.
But just as everyone was preparing for the third round of attacks …

Chapter 2456
"This little girl has awakened?"
"She has her own consciousness?"
"This thing … how strong is she …"
The saints only treated this little girl as a faith treasure and did not expect her to have her own consciousness.
Luo Zheng and Chen Huang Yijian had heard the woman mention that this little girl had already awakened, but her intelligence was very basic …
The little girl stuck close to the surface of the ball of light. There was a hint of curiosity in her fiery red eyes. From time to time, she would look at this and then look at that. She was like a two or three year old child, full of curiosity about everything. Occasionally, a faint smile would appear on her little face.
"Rumble …"
The third round of attacks once again hits the blue light sphere.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The cracks on the red light sphere's surface begin to spread rapidly.
The red and blue light spheres originally complemented each other. If one of them could not hold on, the other would also break!
The energy within the red light sphere is already overflowing. The blue light sphere is no longer able to convert energy and can only rely on itself to block the attacks of the saints. Cracks also appear on its surface!
"Ka ka ka …"
Seeing the cracks on the two light spheres continue to spread, everyone stops their attacks.
"Looks like it's a success …"
"It's still cracking!"
"Are we … going to fight over that little girl?"
The Wealthy Family Alliance's people quietly size up that woman …
Although they are afraid of this woman, with the true demon body in front of them, no one would easily give way.
I'm afraid there's going to be another fierce battle!
"Ka ka ka …"
The surface of the two light spheres is already full of cracks and the fragments within the cracks begin to slowly fall off.
Without the binding of the light spheres, the cold and flame energies are also floating in the air …
At this moment, no one dares to charge forward.
This cold and flame are too deadly …
The true demon body is able to activate energy to the extreme. So in theory, this red flame should be the hottest flame in the Divine Realm and has reached the limit. The same goes for the cold, which is also the limit of low temperature.
However, everyone begins to become restless!
Under everyone's gaze, the blue and white cold and red flames begin to converge and neutralize!
"Si si …"
Under the neutralization of the two completely different energies, a sharp sound is emitted.
Very quickly, the cold and flame become smaller and smaller.
Two petite figures floated quietly in the void. They were two identical girls.
The two of them looked exactly the same, but their auras were very different. The girl on the left blinked her eyes and had a joyful smile on her face as she looked around.
But the girl on the right had a pair of big eyes, but those blue eyes were emotionless. If one looked at them, it was as if they were looking at two lifeless cold ponds, making one's heart turn cold.
After the two deadly energies disappeared, the void fell silent again.
Until the girl on the left giggled at the crowd and said, "Who are you …"
Just as he finished speaking, the woman had already rushed over!
"Hmph!"
Dongfang Chunjun sneered and followed closely behind.
"Sou!"
Following closely behind were Tang Lun and Mu Haiji.
Emperor Han Qing's eyes flickered. The true demon's body was unimaginably strong. Of course, he didn't want to let it go.
But looking at the little girl's eyes, he faintly felt that controlling the body of a True Demon would not be so simple!
Therefore, he didn't rush out immediately.
"Stop right there!"
As the woman circled in the air, streaks of brown energy surged out and transformed into a huge net that covered the path of Dongfang Chunjun and Emperor Han Qing.
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun gently twisted his arm and tore the net apart.
While Dongfang Chunjun was tearing the net apart, Tang Lun and Mu Haiji had already drilled through the gap in the net …
"Sou sou sou …"
In addition, there were also Saints like Fang Shixing and Leng Yao.
"This true demon's body is mine!"
Tang Lun grabbed the girl on the left.
But the moment Tang Lun grabbed the girl's body, he suddenly screamed!
"Feng!"
His entire body turned into a ball of fire without warning.
Many people didn't react when they saw this. After all, Tang Lun could use the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao to turn his body into a fire body. As a peak figure of the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao, who could be more proficient than Tang Lun?
But Mu Haiji, who was closest to Tang Lun, looked as if he had seen a ghost.
With a look of fear on his face, he dodged even faster and distanced himself from the little girl …
"Damn it!"
Mu Haiji cursed in his heart.
He clearly saw that Tang Lun hadn't used the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao, but that his entire body had been devoured by the flames.
In the blink of an eye, the dignified Saint's body had been burned to a crisp.
Only when there was nothing left to burn did the red flames finally disappear into the void!
"Tang Lun … was burned to death just like that?"
"This little girl …"
"This isn't a faith treasure at all, is it? This is the most powerful monster in the Abyss Demon Realm? "
When the crowd realized that the red flames had disappeared, they finally realized that Tang Lun had been burned to death!
The woman was slightly blocked by Dongfang Chunjun and was also stunned when she saw this scene. "How …" She had expected the true demon's body to awaken its own intelligence and attack others, but she didn't expect it to be so powerful!
Dongfang Chunjun stared at the two little girls with a frown. Even he felt an unprecedented sense of danger.
"What's going on? This true demon's body is so powerful, how can others control it? "Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was also puzzled.
Chen Huang Yijian shook his head and said in a low voice, "Let's step back and act according to the situation!"
The little girl on the left flashed a bright smile at the crowd and gently waved her hand in the distance …
Swoosh!
The crack in the void that led to the outside world suddenly disappeared.
Seeing the little girl's actions, the faces of some quasi-sages and Perfect True Gods sank.
"Thank … thank you," the red-eyed girl said incoherently.
Everyone was silent.
The woman pursed her lips and seemed to be thinking about something.
Only Dongfang Chunjun asked in return, "Thank us for what?"
"Thank you for giving me enough food …" The red-eyed girl's second sentence was much clearer.
For creatures of this level, the time needed to master a language might only take a few breaths.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled slightly and then said in a kind tone, "If you like, we can provide more food if you are willing to come with me!"
Although he didn't know how to refine this true demon's body, Dongfang Chunjun already planned to trick her …

Chapter 2457
In the girl's eyes, these fellows floating in the void were insignificant food.
Who would choose to work with their own food?
With that, the little girl stretched out a finger toward Dongfang Chunjun and gently poked the air.
Dongfang Chunjun's expression changed drastically, and he quickly retreated …
His speed was so fast that it made people feel inferior!
A beam of red light suddenly burst out from where Dongfang Chunjun had been standing.
This red light quickly bloomed into a red lotus in the air.
This red lotus itself was only the size of a palm, but its temperature was extremely high. Even from hundreds of feet away, it was as hot as facing a huge furnace.
"So fast …"
The little girl's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
Many, many years had passed since she was born …
But she had always stayed in this ice coffin. For so many years, no one had communicated with her at all, so she did not know anything about the outside world.
The only people she had seen were that woman and Chen Huangyi's sword.
That woman copied Chen Huangyi's sword and broke into the ice coffin. Every time, she was very careful. Even when she broke into the frost demon's lair at the bottom of the ice volcano several times, she did not say a word.
She was worried that the true demon body would have intelligence …
But what she was most worried about still happened. The woman frowned and looked at the two girls, one red and one blue.
Could it be that because of the awakening of the true demon body, the opportunity she had waited so long for was gone?
Just as the woman was thinking, the red-eyed girl had already begun to move!
"Whoosh!"
She moved in the void at an extremely high speed.
But because of Tang Lun's death, everyone present maintained a high level of vigilance toward the girl. Seeing her rushing over, the Saints floating in the void immediately scattered and fled …
"Turn into my food …"
"I want food!"
"Hurry up …"
The red-eyed girl rushed toward Leng Yao.
"Why are you chasing after me …"
Leng Yao's face revealed a look of helplessness. A gust of cold air escaped from his body and turned into a wide ice wall that stood behind him.
Then he quickly retreated!
"Feng!"
When the girl saw this, she only blinked slightly …
A red lotus bloomed inside the ice wall. With a crash, the ice wall quickly collapsed and was burned into mist by the flame.
This girl's intelligence was growing rapidly …
She originally only had the intelligence of a two or three year old, but after listening to the conversation of these people, her intelligence was equivalent to a four or five year old child.
"Stop!"
She shouted as she ran after him.
Hearing this childish voice, Leng Yao's face was full of distress.
'I really don't know what's going on in this girl's head …'
Fortunately, this little girl only had a very ignorant intelligence. Otherwise, with her ability, she could have killed everyone in an instant.
The problem was that the red-eyed girl's single-minded pursuit caused Leng Yao to suffer unspeakably.
"Whoosh …"
Her speed was much faster than Leng Yao's, and with one in front and one behind, the distance between the two of them quickly closed.
"Fellow comrades, please lend us a hand!"
Leng Yao circled around in the air, then charged toward the Wealthy Alliance again.
But after the others witnessed this little girl's strength, all of them avoided her like the plague. How could they be willing to draw fire to themselves?
"Feng!"
"Feng!"
"Feng!"
As the red-eyed girl chased, she gently waved her little hand, and red lotuses bloomed behind Leng Yao.
Although these red lotuses did not burn Leng Yao's body, the temperature they emitted was unbearable even for a Sage's body.
At this moment, Leng Yao was extremely hesitant …
"Brother Leng Yao, come to my side!" Dongfang Chunjun said.
Hearing Dongfang Chunjun's voice at this moment, Leng Yao was extremely excited and rushed toward Dongfang Chunjun!
Dongfang Chunjun clapped his hands lightly …
His left hand turned into thin white threads, while his right hand turned into thin black threads.
He had completely merged the Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent into his Taoist Connotation.
"Swoosh!"
Those thin threads looked weak, but there was an indescribable profoundness within them.
"I'll trap this little girl, and everyone can try again! This little girl … might not be able to withstand it! "Dongfang Chunjun suggested.
The red and blue balls of light from before were so powerful because they complemented each other.
However, there was a limit to the amount of energy that the balls of light could withstand …
Dongfang Chunjun thought for a while and realized that he did not have a way to defeat this little girl.
He was afraid that he would have to use the previous method!
Hearing Dongfang Chunjun's suggestion, the woman's eyes suddenly lit up, but there was a hint of doubt in her eyes. "But can you trap this little girl?"
Just now, Tang Lun had only touched her for a moment and was burned to ashes …
What else in the Divine Territory could trap her?
"How would we know if we don't try?" Dongfang Chunjun said seriously.
"Whoosh!"
In the blink of an eye, Leng Yao had already flown toward Dongfang Chunjun.
The little girl had almost all her attention on Leng Yao. Even when Dongfang Chunjun and the others talked about how to deal with her, she did not hear them.
"It's up to you, Brother Chunjun!"
When Leng Yao flew past Dongfang Chunjun, he heaved a deep sigh of relief.
Dongfang Chunjun's expression turned slightly serious. The black and white threads quickly extended and intertwined, forming a large eight trigrams net.
"Shapeless, Yin and Yang fusion …"
The Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent was an extremely powerful True Intent of Dao in the Mother World.
When the little girl approached, an irresistible heat spread out and attacked the large eight trigrams net …
This was a characteristic of the Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent, and it was somewhat similar to the little girl.
The two little girls complemented each other!
As for the black and white threads, they could also complement each other …
"Trap!"
Dongfang Chunjun spat out a word.
The large eight trigrams net suddenly spun and really entangled the red-eyed little girl.
"Fuse!"
Flames darted out of the large eight trigrams net and turned into red lotuses.
However, the red lotuses had just formed when they were sucked into the large eight trigrams net, and the entire red lotuses quickly dissipated!
"Everyone, hurry up and attack! I can't trap her for long! "Dongfang Chunjun hurriedly said.
The others had been waiting for a long time. They were only waiting for Dongfang Chunjun's order, and everyone attacked the little girl in the large eight trigrams net.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
"Rumble …"
The little girl's position once again bloomed with powerful rays of light, and she was instantly drowned by everyone's attacks.
"Hum …"
Under this attack, a dark blue line cut through space and connected to the blue-eyed little girl on the other side.

Chapter 2458
The blue-eyed girl looked at everyone with an indifferent gaze, not making a sound.
Just as the red-eyed girl was being attacked, the energy she converted was continuously transmitted into the blue-eyed girl's body.
The icy aura in her pair of watery blue eyes grew denser and denser …
That woman's judgment was correct.
Just like the red and blue balls of light before, the energy between these two girls could also be converted.
If the energy accumulated to a certain extent, it could also crush the other girl …
But the premise was that the other girl didn't know how to release energy.
But this was obviously impossible. The intelligence of the true demon body had already been awakened. When the icy aura in the blue-eyed girl's body accumulated to a certain extent, she would instinctively release it!
That pair of blue eyes glanced around …
"Those people in front …"
The blue-eyed girl raised her hand slightly.
Strands of extremely pure energy circled around her tender fingertips.
This energy was converted from the attacks of the Saints. After being transmitted into the blue-eyed girl's body, the energy solidified to the extreme, and the temperature dropped to the extreme …
With the naked eye, traces of icy aura emerged from this energy!
"Go away …"
The blue-eyed girl still didn't have the concept of "death" in her mind. She just subconsciously wanted to vent her energy on them.
As the icy aura lingered, it turned into ice flowers and spread out in the void at an unimaginable speed. As the ice flowers spread, they emitted a series of crisp and pleasant sounds.
At this moment, most people's gazes were focused on the red-eyed girl.
Luo Zheng didn't participate in the attack on the red-eyed girl. With so many people attacking, it didn't make much of a difference whether he joined or not.
Moreover, he didn't feel too much hostility from this girl. Although she treated everyone as food, her tone was more like that of a child who didn't know anything about the world. Perhaps it was possible to communicate with her …
Luo Zheng also knew that it was impossible for these people to communicate with these two girls.
After all, everyone wanted to have a true demon body. Moreover, they were in a competitive relationship with each other. Between that woman and the Wealthy Alliance, between Emperor Hanqing and Dongfang Chunjun, and so on.
"Buzz buzz …"
As the series of crisp sounds rang out, Luo Zheng turned his head and saw countless ice flowers spreading toward them like rapidly growing weeds.
"Everyone, be careful!"
Luo Zheng shouted a warning as he retreated.
Everyone had just finished their first round of attacks, and they were just about to observe the red-eyed girl's situation before preparing for the second round …
After they heard Luo Zheng's warning, all of them turned their heads to look over, and their expressions changed drastically when they saw what was happening!
"That blue girl has also made her move!"
"Damn it! Retreat! "
"Just like the two light balls, these two girls can exchange energy with each other!"
That ball of light didn't know how to release its energy, and in the end, it was crushed by the energy.
But this little girl knew …
The woman's face was gloomy, but when she saw the spreading ice flowers, she could only choose to retreat.
However, on the right side of the blue-eyed girl, who was closest to the woman and the clones of the Saints, three of the clones of the Saints were directly penetrated by the ice flowers because they couldn't dodge in time.
A layer of frost immediately covered the surface of the three Saint replicas, and they were instantly frozen to death!
Seeing those people continuously retreating, the blue-eyed girl fluttered in the air like a specter and chased after those Saints …
"You can't escape!"
On the other side, the red-eyed girl also smiled. With a light pat of her small hands, red lotuses continuously condensed!
When the two girls moved at the same time, the blue line attracted everyone's attention once again.
Mu Haiji stared at the line and said, "These two girls rely on this line to exchange energy!"
"Think of a way to cut this line," Fang Shixing shouted.
Just as Fang Shixing's voice fell, Leng Yao's figure fluttered as he slammed his palm toward the blue line.
Whoosh!
The surging Mystic Ice Divine Dao condensed into a huge ice blade and slashed at the line.
However, this blue line was just like an illusory spatial passage. The ice blade passed through it without any damage …
All the power of spatial laws in the Abyss Demonic Realm was suppressed. The Saints couldn't even use greater teleportation, so naturally, they couldn't break this line.
In fact, everyone had expected this. After all, when the red-eyed girl was attacked, the powerful energy completely surrounded her. If this line could be broken, it would have been broken already.
"The space here can't be torn open at all! We can't break the connection between them! "
"Unless someone can slash open space …"
The Sages, Quasi-Sages, and Perfected True Gods were constantly fleeing in the void, all of them frowning.
Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed with a trace of light. He couldn't help but grab the ring on his thumb …
If he used the Taihe Divine Spear, that blue line could indeed be broken!
It could even be said that the Taihe Divine Spear was the key to obtaining the True Demon Body!
Whether it was Dongfang Chunjun or Mu Haiji, these Saints were far too confident in their own strength.
They thought that with the cultivation of a Saint, they could crush everything and conquer the Abyss Demonic Realm. However, they didn't think that after entering the Abyss Demonic Realm, they would be faced with a dead end. Perhaps only Emperor Hanqing could break this dead end!
"Ahhh!"
The two Perfect True Gods were slightly slower as they fled, and the red lotus was trapped.
The screams lasted for less than a breath's time before coming to a sudden stop. The two screams had been reduced to ashes …
A faint smile appeared on Emperor Hanqing's face.
Now wasn't the time for him to make a move …
Even if he made a move now, he couldn't beat Dongfang Chunjun and that woman.
He had to wait until most of the others were dead before he made a move!
"Save me, Patriarch …"
Another Quasi Sage was trapped in the ice flower. It was the Leng Family's Quasi Sage.
In this situation, calling for help was meaningless. The Quasi Sage was frozen in the blink of an eye …
The two girls flew through the Abyss Demonic Realm at an extremely fast speed, even faster than the Saints. If this continued, it wouldn't be long before everyone was exhausted to death by the two girls.
Everyone's hearts sank. Only Emperor Hanqing was relaxed. In his heart, he was screaming for these people to die quickly.
But then, Emperor Hanqing felt a gaze on him. It was Luo Zheng, who was several hundred meters away.

Chapter 2459
Hearing Luo Zheng say this, King Hanqing was cursing in his heart.
If it wasn't for that woman protecting Luo Zheng, he would've killed Luo Zheng a long time ago.
"I don't know what you're talking about. This place can suppress anything. When have I ever used teleportation here?" King Hanqing pretended to be surprised.
"Heh heh heh, on the Black Water Region, this Saint used a very powerful spear. I saw it with my own eyes," Chen Huang Yijian said.
To be honest, Luo Zheng's words weren't necessarily trustworthy.
But since both of them were saying this, the situation was different.
"Luo Zheng, are you telling the truth?" the woman asked with surprise.
Although this woman controlled the Black Water Region, she had been busy dealing with the demons and the rich. She hadn't seen what had happened on the Black Water Region.
"It's true," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Emperor Hanqing wanted to defend himself, but with a single thought from the woman, the clones of the Saints circled around him.
The woman said, "No matter what your reason is, take out the spear Luo Zheng spoke of and sever the connection between the two girls."
This was an order. As long as Emperor Hanqing spat out the word 'no', she would make her move.
"Brother Qing Di, I advise you to do as she says," Dongfang Chunjun said from the other side.
Luo Zheng had revealed some of King Hanqing's secrets, and it seemed that King Hanqing could access his memories. Dong Fang Chunjun was suspicious, but he hadn't had the time to investigate.
Even if the woman didn't do anything, Dong Fang Chunjun would've forced King Hanqing to do it. He chose to believe Luo Zheng.
The Saints of the rich and powerful alliance stared at King Hanqing. The woman was leading a group of Saint clones to surround him.
"Brother Chunjun, you believe a junior trying to sow discord, but you don't believe me? I don't have that spear! "King Hanqing said.
"Why don't you ask Emperor Han Qing if you have that gun?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
When the woman heard this, she immediately patted her own head.
In a moment of panic, she had forgotten that she also had the clone of Emperor Hanqing.
Not far away, Emperor Hanqing's clone tapped his thumb. The spatial ring on his thumb flashed, and the "Supreme Harmony Divine Spear" appeared in his hand.
The Supreme Harmony Divine Spear exuded a mysterious Dao Connotation of the Law of Space. When the Saints saw this, their eyes flashed.
The Abyss Devil Domain suppressed all spatial laws, and this spear could play a powerful role in this place!
"Hahaha, Emperor Hanqing, you've hidden yourself well. So well that I can't see through you at all." Dongfang Chunjun laughed, his eyes already suffused with a ghastly coldness.
Emperor Hanqing's expression didn't change. "Brother Chunjun, you've misunderstood me. I got this Taihe Divine Spear by chance!"
"Then since we're all in danger, I'll have to trouble you to help us!" Dongfang Chunjun said with narrowed eyes.
Although the woman's clone also had the Supreme Harmony Divine Spear, Dongfang Chunjun was forcing Emperor Hanqing to do it himself!
Dongfang Chunjun looked like he was going to attack as soon as Emperor Hanqing refused!
"Of course," Emperor Hanqing said with a lowered head.
At the same time, he shot a glare at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Emperor Hanqing's murderous expression, Luo Zheng simply smiled.
He didn't want to reveal Emperor Hanqing's true identity for the sake of the bigger picture. After all, if he did, the two of them would probably fight on the spot.
After all, they were being chased by two little girls.
Fortunately, the Void was boundless. The red and blue girls seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of energy. Red lotuses grew in the Void, and snowflakes spread out for hundreds of miles.
There was a certain distance between the two girls, and in that gap, the blue line passed through them.
Emperor Hanqing activated the Supreme Harmony Divine Spear, narrowed his eyes, and disappeared from where he stood.
With the spear, he could choose to appear in any space he wanted. Other Saints had to create a spatial tunnel, pass through it, and leave.
Although Saints could only use greater teleportation for an instant, these three steps still took some time.
The moment Emperor Hanqing disappeared, everyone's eyes turned to the distance. They were all waiting for Emperor Hanqing to cut the line.
"Whoosh!"
But in the next breath, Emperor Hanqing did not act as everyone expected.
He appeared in front of the red-eyed girl.
"Little girl, are you having trouble catching up to your food?" Emperor Hanqing asked kindly.
The red-eyed girl looked at Emperor Hanqing. "They're all running. You're willing to be my food?"
"No," Emperor Hanqing shook his head. "I'm just sending you on your way."
As soon as he finished speaking, the Supreme Harmony Divine Spear in his hand stabbed towards her!
"Whoosh!"
Emperor Hanqing knew he couldn't kill the girl. He wasn't trying to kill her.
The Supreme Harmony Divine Spear was a divine spear that could control space.
The spear pierced a hole in space. In the blink of an eye, the hole swallowed the red-eyed girl whole.
"Whoosh!"
The moment the red-eyed girl was swallowed, another hole appeared beside Luo Zheng.
This hole was glowing red, and a scorching hot aura came from it.
Emperor Hanqing had created a spatial tunnel to send the red-eyed girl over.
"Huala …"
Red lotuses bloomed around the girl.
Ten …
A hundred …
Countless red lotuses bloomed in all directions.
"Run!"
Chen Huang Yi put away his spear, drew a line in the air, and flew away.
The replicas of the Saints also used different methods to leave as quickly as possible …
Only Luo Zheng was trapped in the red lotuses.
"Luo Zheng!"
Seeing this, the woman's face was filled with fear.
She wanted to rush in and save Luo Zheng, but she knew the power of the red lotuses. They were like the Exploding Flame Crystals. They were flames created by pushing their energy to the limit.
Not to mention that she was unable to withstand the flames, even if she rushed in, Luo Zheng would have already been turned into ashes!
Chen Huang Yi Jian's face was ashen. Hua Tianming's face was also pale.

Chapter 2460
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Emperor Hanqing's Ambition
The red lotuses enveloped Luo Zheng, turning him into a sea of fire.
The fire was as bright as the sun. Just looking at it would cause one's eyes to turn red.
Even if one's consciousness entered it, it would be burned to a crisp, making it impossible to see what was going on with Luo Zheng.
"Emperor Hanqing, what is the meaning of this?"
Dongfang Chunjun frowned.
Although he wanted to kill Luo Zheng as well, Emperor Hanqing's unusual behavior still made him suspicious.
"Brother Chunjun, I have some history with this kid, that's all …" Emperor Hanqing smiled coldly. He tightened his grip on the Taihe Divine Spear, releasing a powerful wave of spatial laws.
Emperor Hanqing had planned to wait until most of the rich families were dead before making his move, but the woman and Dongfang Chunjun had forced his hand.
"However …"
Emperor Hanqing took another step forward.
The Taihe Divine Spear released another wave of spatial laws, and he appeared behind the blue-eyed girl.
The two girls were terrifying, but in terms of intelligence, they were only four or five years old.
With the Taihe Divine Spear, the two girls posed no threat to him. In fact, they were his most powerful weapon!
Emperor Hanqing appeared behind the blue-eyed girl, then looked at Dongfang Chunjun with a cold smile. "However, I have an even bigger history with you!"
Then he stabbed the Taihe Divine Spear at the blue-eyed girl again!
Whoosh!
The Taihe Divine Spear pierced through a spatial tunnel, which swallowed the blue-eyed girl whole.
A moment later, the girl was sent to Dongfang Chunjun's side …
Frigid energy radiated from the blue-eyed girl's body. Countless snowflakes surrounded her, freezing any energy that got close to her.
Dongfang Chunjun paused when he heard Emperor Hanqing's resentful words.
Dongfang Chunjun seemed to have foreseen something when he saw Emperor Hanqing's spear strike at the blue-eyed girl. He turned into a streak of light and shot off into the distance.
Even though Dongfang Chunjun knew what was going to happen, he was still struck by one of the snowflakes …
Bzzz …
Half of his body was instantly frozen, and he was so stiff that he couldn't move.
Dongfang Chunjun's situation was still alright as he was only dispelled from the ice flower for an instant. However, Leng Yao and the other two secondary saints beside him were in a miserable state. They were directly surrounded by the ice flower and were frozen to death before they could even make a sound!
Seeing Leng Yao's body turn into an ice sculpture, Dongfang Chunjun's eyes turned extremely cold.
His body suddenly shook, and the Taoist Connotation in his body dispersed into his meridians, forcing out the cold air in his body. At the same time, he asked, "What happened between us?"
Everyone else also looked at Emperor Hanqing with confusion on their faces.
Before entering the abyss, Emperor Hanqing was still trying to flatter Dongfang Chunjun. Why did he suddenly become hostile? And from the looks of it, he had a deep grudge with Dongfang Chunjun!
Han Qing Emperor suddenly disappeared and reappeared a hundred feet above the blue-eyed girl. He thrust his spear at the blue-eyed girl again.
Swoosh!
The blue-eyed girl fell into the space tunnel again. As Emperor Hanqing swung his Taihe Divine Spear, another space tunnel opened up toward Dongfang Chunjun, and the cold air gushed out from it!
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun could only retreat again.
The others also knew that Emperor Hanqing wanted to deal with Dongfang Chunjun, so they all stayed far away.
"Do you remember the Yue family that you sank into the sea of time? Do you remember me, Yue Yinliu? " Emperor Hanqing laughed coldly. His voice was filled with resentment, causing people to shudder when they heard it.
Emperor Hanqing originally didn't want to reveal his identity so quickly. He had been waiting for the right time.
However, as the Wealthy Alliance went deeper and deeper into the abyss, the situation became more and more complicated, and more and more beyond his expectations.
For example, Luo Zheng's appearance, and the woman in the Ocean of Meditation!
Now, with the appearance of the two girls, he finally found a chance to control the situation.
"Yue Yinliu? Who's that? "
There were a few young Great Perfection Real Gods who had strange expressions on their faces. They had never heard of this person before.
Not only that, but because of Dongfang Chunjun's ban, there was no one with the surname "Yue" on the floating island.
However, most of the Perfect True Gods and Quasi-Saints here had lived for a long time. When they heard the name "Yue Yinliu", their faces changed.
"How is that possible?"
"Yue Yinliu's universe was destroyed. There's no way he's still alive!"
"This Emperor Hanqing is just pretending to be mysterious. Nonsense!"
Neither the Sages nor the Quasi-Saints believed Emperor Hanqing's words.
"Reincarnation" was just a legend in the divine territory.
There were only a few people who knew about the secret of the Stone Forest Rat. Other than these few people, no one else knew about the existence of the Land of Reincarnation, and no one had ever stepped into it. Most of the True Gods had a common understanding: reincarnation did not exist.
If Yue Yinliu really reincarnated as Emperor Hanqing, it would completely break their common sense!
Dongfang Chunjun retreated another thousand feet and looked at Emperor Hanqing in surprise. "Yue Yinliu? That's impossible. I killed him with my own hands. Even his universe was destroyed. How could he still be alive? "
Emperor Hanqing no longer held back and laughed proudly: "Because my Brother Rat can control reincarnation! He can let me reincarnate! "
"That Stone Forest Rat can control reincarnation?" Dongfang Chunjun raised an eyebrow.
The legend of the Stone Forest Rat by Yue Yinliu's side was indeed related to reincarnation. The Stone Forest Rat itself could reincarnate, but Dongfang Chunjun did not expect that it could help Yue Yinliu reincarnate the fire of memory.
"In other words, you reincarnated into Han Jia and became a Sage …" Dongfang Chunjun murmured. "But you didn't seem to realize you were Yue Yinliu before?"
When Emperor Hanqing first became a Sage, he was a very arrogant Sage. He had no intention of joining the Alliance of Wealthy Clans. His attitude had only changed in recent decades.
This was what Dongfang Chunjun didn't understand.
"I didn't realize it." Emperor Hanqing sneered. "It was only after my Brother Rat reincarnated that my memories were awakened. If you have any questions, I can tell you. I won't let you die without knowing why."
Dongfang Chunjun stared at Emperor Hanqing and smiled. "You're so sure you can kill me?"
Emperor Hanqing's Taihe Divine Spear trembled and a black spear projection spread out. Not only could it be used for teleportation, it was also very powerful.

Chapter 2461
Massacre
"These words are truly too arrogant!" A Second Saint from the Qin Clan said with a cold smile.
Even if the sages died here, they could be reborn.
Even if Emperor Hanqing killed all the sages here, he would start a universal war when he returned.
As for the Universal Battlefield that was unleashed on the Governing Stone Tablet, there were already many rules and restrictions …
It wasn't that easy to destroy a universe. Otherwise, Dongfang Chunjun wouldn't have tolerated the existence of the Vast Universe for so many years.
"You talk too much!"
Emperor Hanqing's spear shook …
His spear once again opened up a spatial tunnel. This time, it didn't take in the blue-eyed girl, only some ice flowers.
Seeing Emperor Hanqing move, the secondary sage's expression changed.
He almost instinctively wanted to run, but before he could run three hundred meters, a spatial ripple came from behind him.
The ice flowers that had been absorbed by the spatial passageway swarmed toward the quasi-saint. The quasi-saint was instantly frozen into an ice sculpture as he tried to evade them.
Dongfang Chunjun, Fang Shixing, and Mu Haiji's eyes flashed with anger. If they allowed Emperor Hanqing to continue like this, he would sooner or later slaughter everyone in the Wealthy Alliance.
And in reality, Emperor Hanqing did plan to do so …
On the other side …
The woman and Chen Huang Yijian stared at the sea of fire.
Those red lotuses kept changing shape, releasing blazing flames and then disappearing. The woman's expression became angrier and angrier.
This woman was born out of resentment. She only had one obsession in her heart, which was to cleanse the divine realm and then marry Luo Zheng to continue the Li Clan!
Because of Emperor Hanqing's move, her obsession had no chance of succeeding!
Chen Huang Yijian also felt the woman's emotions and was slightly worried. If this woman went crazy, how scary would she be?
She turned her head …
In the distance, Emperor Hanqing's Taihe Divine Spear was constantly moving through the air.
Spatial passageways were created one after another in the Void, drawing out pieces of ice and killing the people in the Void.
The Wealthy Alliance's people scattered and fled …
But Emperor Hanqing's Taihe Divine Spear could pierce through almost limitless space. The others couldn't teleport in the void, so how could they escape?
The battle between them was just a dogfight.
The woman's gaze fell on the clone of Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing's clone held the Divine Spear of Taihe and floated in the air, waiting for her orders.
"Send us there, I want to kill that guy …" The woman said hatefully.
Chen Huang Yijian at the side was slightly puzzled.
Now that Emperor Hanqing and Dongfang Chunjun were fighting, she should take the opportunity to let the clone kill the two girls and take control of the True Demon's body.
As soon as the woman gave the order, the replica thrust its spear at her!
"Phew …"
An invisible spatial passageway had already enveloped the woman.
The spatial tunnel did not only cover the woman, but also the clones of Dongfang Chunjun, Tang Lun, and the others.
"Die!"
"You can go to hell too …"
"Hahaha, the so-called geniuses of the rich and powerful families are nothing but ants in my eyes. Die!"
Emperor Hanqing continued his slaughter.
Even though those quasi-sages and Great Perfection True Gods were fleeing in all directions, how could they be faster than Greater Teleportation?
The spatial passageway he casually constructed could send the blue-eyed girl's ice flower anywhere!
Every time he thrust his spear, someone would be frozen into an ice sculpture …
"Run this way!"
Fang Henshao flew through the air, sensing a spatial ripple behind Tang Wan and Dongfang Taiqing.
But as soon as he warned them, a wave of ice flowers swept toward them!
"I …."
Dongfang Taiqing's face was filled with unwillingness. That iron hand contained almost all of his power.
But the power within the ice flowers was too strong ….
Even the Dao of a Sage could quickly solidify and condense, much less a Great Perfection True God like Dongfang Taiqing.
Tang Wan's face was filled with passion. He wanted to self-destruct his inner world, but it was too late. The moment the ice flowers touched him, he found that he couldn't use the Dao of his inner world, and he quickly turned into an ice sculpture.
Fang Henshao and Mu Xuerong's expressions were extremely ugly, but they didn't stop. As long as they were targeted by Emperor Hanqing, there was no way for them to dodge!
The Grand Alliance's members fell one after another …
When Dongfang Chunjun, Emperor Hanqing, and the other Sages saw this, their faces turned ashen.
Emperor Hanqing didn't attack the Sages. Instead, he continued to kill the Great Perfection True Gods and quasi Sages!
"How do you feel, Dongfang Chunjun?" Emperor Hanqing sneered. "Do you know how I felt when you slaughtered Brother Rat, flattened the Yue Clan's floating island, and destroyed the universe?" He wanted these Sages to have a taste of his own medicine!
"Let's do it, Brother Chunjun," said Mu Haiji through gritted teeth.
He stared at the distant Mu Xuerong. Seeing that the Grand Alliance's members were dwindling, it was only a matter of time before Emperor Hanqing made a move on his daughter.
Fang Shixing couldn't stand it any longer. He spread his hands, and a violet jade longsword appeared in his palms!
The longsword glowed with a sharp light. It was clearly a supreme treasure of faith!
Whoosh!
With the violet longsword in hand, Fang Shixing's speed increased by more than ten times. Even though he was some distance away from Emperor Hanqing, he arrived in the blink of an eye.
The violet longsword transformed into a giant illusory sword that stabbed toward Emperor Hanqing!
"Is it useful?"
Emperor Hanqing shook his head.
The Taihe Divine Spear trembled, and he disappeared.
Fang Shixing's purple jade longsword's huge sword shadow naturally missed. Not only that, but when Fang Shixing rushed over, a spatial tunnel enveloped him.
Seeing this, Fang Shixing gritted his teeth and tossed the violet longsword upward!
Bzzz ….
As soon as the violet longsword left his hand, it grew in size and transformed into a giant sword that blocked Fang Shixing's head.
Only then did Fang Shixing dart to the side, hoping to escape.
However, the violet longsword was already covered in a layer of frost. It couldn't be used anymore.
After Emperor Han Qing disappeared, he reappeared a thousand feet away.
With his current abilities, killing Fang Shixing wasn't difficult. The only person he was wary of was Dongfang Chunjun.
He'd found a few secrets regarding time from Dongfang Chunjun's memories.
However, Dongfang Chunjun hadn't made a move. Emperor Hanqing didn't pay any attention to him. He'd killed Dongfang Taiqing as well. Let's see how long Dongfang Chunjun could endure!
Emperor Hanqing, however, had neglected that woman ….

Chapter 2462
The Red Sea
As the woman charged, the brown energy in her hand transformed into a longsword and slashed at Emperor Hanqing.
The attack was fast and vicious. By the time Emperor Hanqing reacted, the blade had already sunk into his flesh.
That primal fear had a great effect on Emperor Han Qing. For a time, he was unable to move.
But in the nick of time, Emperor Hanqing grit his teeth and activated the Divine Taihe Spear.
The spear forcefully took him away from this place, leaving only a few strands of blood flowing on the surface of the woman's brown long saber ….
"Bzzz …."
In the blink of an eye, Emperor Hanqing appeared a thousand meters away. He pressed a finger against his wound, forcing out the primal terror from his body. He glared at the woman coldly. "I have no grudge against you. Why did you attack me?"
Right now, Emperor Han Qing was most afraid of his clone.
With Greater Teleportation, it was difficult for a Saint to kill a Saint. A single Greater Teleportation would send him to some unknown place.
Emperor Hanqing had a great advantage over his foes, thanks to his Divine Taihe Spear.
If it weren't for the two girls, Emperor Hanqing wouldn't have been able to fend off so many Saints. But the two girls were his sharpest weapons.
However, his clone actually had another Taihe Divine Spear that was replicated!
The woman glared at Emperor Hanqing, her eyes cold. "You shouldn't have killed Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng?" Emperor Hanqing was stunned. Although the woman had been protecting Luo Zheng by her side, Emperor Hanqing didn't think he was important. He thought for a while and said, "That kid is just a normal Perfect True God. If he dies, he dies. What's there to worry about?"
More than a dozen Paragons had died at the hands of Emperor Hanqing just now.
Hearing this, the woman's expression grew even more vicious. "To you, he's just an ordinary Perfect True God. To me, he's very important!"
As she spoke, Emperor Hanqing's clone waved his spear ….
An arc of space appeared in the middle of the snowflakes. "Whoosh!" The deadly snowflakes spread through the space tunnel, heading straight for Emperor Han Qing.
Heavenly Monarch Hanqing knew that things were not going well for him, so he had no choice but to activate the Tai He Divine Spear and disappear from the spot. When he reappeared, Heavenly Monarch Hanqing continued, "I know the secrets of reincarnation. Just give me enough time and I will be able to find Luo Zheng's memories! If you are willing to stop, I can let him reincarnate! "
Without full confidence, Emperor Hanqing wanted to ask for peace.
Who knew that the woman still shook her head and said slowly, "Luo Zheng's memory is not precious, but his bloodline. Now that he has fallen, the bloodline of the Li Clan is naturally broken!"
Li Clan bloodline …
When Emperor Hanqing heard this, he felt bitter in his throat. He did not expect this woman to care about this.
When Dongfang Chunjun heard this, his eyes flashed slightly. He cupped his hands and said loudly, "The Li Clan bloodline has been destroyed, but there are still two left in the Deity Realm! Luo Zheng is dead, but the bloodline of the Li Clan can still be passed on! "
"What do you mean?" The woman turned and stared at Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun said calmly, "There is still one person alive from the Li Clan."
"Who?" The woman asked.
Dongfang Chunjun pointed at Emperor Hanqing and smiled faintly. "How about we work together to take care of this person first, then we can discuss this?"
For Dongfang Chunjun, this was an opportunity …
But he could not bring Li Luoshui out now!
Although he had treated Li Luoshui with respect and kindness all these years, Li Luoshui had always treated him coldly.
Seeing how loyal this woman was to the Li Clan, if he brought Li Luoshui out now, it would cause even more trouble!
The woman looked at Dongfang Chunjun suspiciously. Although she did not completely trust Dongfang Chunjun's words, this was still a glimmer of hope. She had not been able to enter the Deity Realm for so many years, and there were still some things that she did not know. Perhaps the Li Clan was not what she thought it was?
But no matter what, Emperor Hanqing was someone she had to kill.
Behind her, Emperor Hanqing's clone spun the spear in his hand, creating several spatial tunnels.
Some of them directly covered the clones of the other Saints, while others connected to the blue-eyed girl …
Emperor Hanqing's eyes narrowed, and the Taihe Divine Spear in his hand shot out as well!
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
The space within dozens of miles of the Void became abnormally complicated.
Some of the tunnels led directly to the sea of ice, while others had people flying through them. Emperor Hanqing, the woman, and the clones of the other Saints appeared and disappeared from their original positions. It was a dizzying sight!
Although the two sides had not yet fought, there was still danger!
After the two clones escaped through the tunnels, they fell into the sea of fire on the other side, and were instantly engulfed by the red lotuses and burned to ashes.
Now it was Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji's turn to watch the show …
…
…
In the sea of fire …
Red lotuses bloomed with scorching flames.
The red-eyed girl floated in the flames, her eyes wide open as she stared at the scene unfolding not far away.
That scene piqued all of her curiosity …
Luo Zheng was bathed in a dazzling golden light.
The golden vortexes sucked in all of the flames released by the red lotuses.
"Aren't you my food?"
The red-eyed girl's face was filled with curiosity.
In her opinion, all matter in the world could be transformed into energy, and she accelerated this energy to the extreme to form the beautiful red lotuses …
There shouldn't be any exceptions in the entire Divine Domain. This was her innate instinct.
But before she could leave her 'home', she saw something unexpected. It was the young man in front of her.
His entire body was shining with golden light. Not only was he not afraid of her red lotuses, he was devouring them …
The red-eyed girl was unable to obtain information from the outside world. The intelligence in her mind was pieced together from fragmented information. When she saw Luo Zheng, she came to a strange conclusion.
"You can devour the red lotuses like I can. Are you my kind?" the red-eyed girl asked.
Luo Zheng did not hear the red-eyed girl's words …
Being burned by the flames, the Sanskrit characters once again produced a wondrous reaction. Then, he found himself in an ocean.
It was a sea of crimson lava …
This sea of magma rose and fell in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, emitting a mysterious aura.
"This aura is very similar to the True Dao Intent … but it's very different from the True Dao Intent. Then, is this ocean the True Dao Intent Sea?"
Luo Zheng shook his head …
When he cultivated the True Dao Intent of nature, he could vaguely sense the existence of the True Dao Intent Sea.

Chapter 2463
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A lonely shadow wandering in the sea.
If this was not the Sea of True Intent, then where was it?
He was clearly trapped by the red lotus in that void …
Luo Zheng originally thought that he was going to die. The fire of the red lotus even burned Tang Lun, so there was no reason for him to escape.
Unexpectedly, the golden Sanskrit characters on his body lit up at an unprecedented speed!
But this time, it was slightly different from usual …
When he continuously absorbed the fire of the red lotus, his five senses suddenly disappeared.
As if his soul had left his body, he was in a state where he could not hear or see anything.
When he woke up again, he was already in this red sea …
"Swoosh!"
Soaking in this sea of magma, he did not feel any pain.
But every time he swam, he felt a burst of indescribable soreness in his body!
"What the hell is this place!"
Luo Zheng tried to activate his Taoist Connotation to get himself out of this red sea and into the sky.
"Swoosh!"
He pulled himself out of the sea and was about to leave the sea.
At this moment, the sea of magma seemed to have a life of its own, firmly pulling him to the surface of the sea …
"I can't get rid of it?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were full of surprise. The magma turned into sticky glue, as if sticking to his body!
"Plop!"
After a long confrontation, Luo Zheng fell into the sea of magma again.
Soon, Luo Zheng found that even if he did not swim, he would not sink into the sea. There was a strange buoyancy holding him on the surface. So Luo Zheng simply stopped swimming and floated directly on the sea.
"Those brain masters were wrong. I have a good eye. He never makes mistakes."
At this moment, 9527's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"9527?"
Luo Zheng suddenly rolled on the surface of the sea.
As long as he moved a little in the sea, he would feel a burst of soreness.
In his excitement, Luo Zheng forgot about this. He suddenly felt his whole body swell and could not help but cry out.
"Where are you?" Luo Zheng asked again.
He noticed that 9527's consciousness was not coming from his chest, but from the depths of his mind.
"I'm still in your body," 9527 said.
"Then what's going on with me? An out-of-body experience? "Luo Zheng asked.
Unexpectedly, 9527 said, "No, it's probably equivalent to your physical body leaving your body."
"How do you leave your body?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The so-called "aperture" referred to the acupoints of a person. The soul could come out of the acupoints, but how could the body do the same?
"It's just a metaphor …" 9527 said helplessly.
"Then what is this place? The Sea of True Sea? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this is the Sea of True Intent." 9527 confirmed Luo Zheng's guess and replied at the same time, "But this is not the Sea of True Intent in the ordinary sense. This Sea of True Intent has probably not been stepped into for many years …"
"Splash, splash …"
This red magma sea was suffused with traces of ancient and boundless aura. Looking at this boundless sea of the Sea of True Intent, Luo Zheng only felt that he was as small as a grain of sand …
"To step into this sea of the Sea of True Intent, I need to use the Ancient God cultivation method, right?"
Through 9527's words, Luo Zheng already understood.
Jin Lao once told Luo Zheng that absorbing desolate bones and cultivating the Aragami was actually the cultivation method of the Ancient Gods …
And the Ancient Gods could also cross the Sea of True Intent and reach the Nirvana Realm …
"Yes," 9527 replied.
"But there are so many people cultivating the Aragami at the bottom of the Chaos. Even those who have reached the Nirvana Realm also absorbed desolate bones to cultivate their bodies. After so many years, none of them could step into this sea of the Sea of True Intent?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Zheng also directly asked Jin Lao, but did not get a definite answer.
When he asked this question, 9527 was silent for a while before answering, "Because the truth has been modified. Just by absorbing desolate bones, it is impossible to step into this sea of the Sea of True Intent. But I said that you are an accident …"
The Lord, who was the Chaos Ancient God, screened countless targets in the prison built by the "Ruins", but none of them passed.
In the end, it was Luo Zheng, an outsider, who passed. It was a great coincidence.
"Is it because of my cultivation method?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It should be." 9527 smiled faintly. "Although I am a part of the Lord's soul, but what the Lord thinks is not a fraction of what I think. But now it seems that his judgment is very correct. You have taken the first step in the Sea of True Intent!"
Between the words, 9527, who was always calm, was faintly excited.
In the eyes of 9527, Luo Zheng was still an insignificant person, but this person already had a special characteristic that was different from others!
"Hua la …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard the sound of waves.
In the Sea of True Intent, there was a small shadow of a boat. This boat was a faint shadow, and on the bow of the boat, there was a vague figure …
That small boat was suffused with a strong "Sword Fate Eternal True Intent." Luo Zheng had seen this True Intent of Dao on the "Sword Mastiff" of the Sword Clan!
"What boat is that?" Luo Zheng looked back.
"Transforming the True Intent into a boat, crossing the other shore. It won't be long before you take that path," 9527 answered.
The Great World Cultivation Method, which was to reach the limit of the Divine Path, had to understand the True Intent of Dao, transform the True Intent into a boat, and use it to cross the Sea of True Intent …
"Hua la, hua la, hua la …"
More True Intent boats appeared.
These small shadows of boats rode the wind and broke the waves, galloping on the Sea of True Intent.
"So many people are crossing the Sea of True Intent?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of astonishment.
From the information obtained from Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others, there should be quite a number of Nirvana Realm experts in the Mother World. Therefore, there should be quite a number of people crossing the Nirvana Realm. However, Luo Zheng couldn't imagine that more than ten people would set off on the Sea of True Intent in such a short time.
9527 thought for a moment, then said, "It's a little strange. I guess it's the disciples of some big force in the Mother World who are trying to break through to the Nirvana Realm at the same time?"
At this moment …
A figure on one of the True Meaning boats suddenly shouted, "Everyone, look! Look! There's someone in the sea! "
That loud and clear voice traveled far on the sea, and the people on the other True Intent boats immediately gathered their gazes.
"There's someone in the Sea of True Intent? Nonsense … Nonsense … "Another person was speaking halfway when he saw Luo Zheng's figure in the sea, and he choked on his words.
"That person actually crossed the Sea of True Intent with his physical body! Since ancient times, I've never heard of this before. This is simply … "Another figure on a True Intent boat said in an incredulous voice.
9527's speculation was not wrong.
This group of more than ten people was the disciples of the Greater One Sky Palace.
This time, the Greater One Sky Palace opened up the "Heavenly Path of Sword Fate" for the disciples of the Sky Palace to comprehend. 490,000 inner disciples entered the Heavenly Path, and only 16 disciples comprehended the "Eternal Sword Fate True Intent". They built their own True Intent boats and set off towards the other shore.
In the Sea of True Intent, they could not see each other's true appearance, but they could see each other's blurry shadows, and even hear each other's voices.

Chapter 2464
Smashed Boat
These sixteen disciples were able to stand out in Heaven's Road and were all outstanding figures in Greater One Heaven Palace.
But this was the first time they had transformed into Yang Spirit and wandered in the sea of True Meaning...
Even if they had cultivated their souls to Yang Spirit and built their own boats of True Meaning, it was not an easy task to move forward in the sea of True Meaning. Just the wind blowing from the sea of True Meaning made many people's souls tremble.
Among the sixteen people, ten of their souls were lying on the boat, not even lifting their heads. They could not bear the wind blowing from the sea of True Meaning...
As for the people standing at the bow of the ship, they were the best of the best among the sixteen people.
If they grew up in the future, they would become the pride of Greater One Heaven Palace.
"Brother Zhixiu! Can you see where this person came from? He's floating on the sea without moving, could he be dead? "A clear and melodious female voice came from one of the boats.
Ming Zhixiu had his hands behind his back, staring at the figure in the sea, his brows furrowed.
Hearing the woman's words, Ming Zhixiu immediately shook his head, "Impossible, the sea of True Meaning can eliminate any soul. Even if the soul is cultivated to Yang Spirit, it will be destroyed when it falls in. If it's dead, how can there be a corpse?"
Everyone who entered the sea of True Meaning was just a soul, and a soul and a corpse? Wasn't that absurd?
Ming Zhixiu wanted to see the appearance of the person in the sea, but in the sea of True Meaning, he couldn't even see his junior sister's appearance clearly. He could only distinguish by voice, how could he see the appearance of the person in the sea?
Luo Zheng floated in the sea of True Meaning and did not speak, but the conversation of these people was clearly transmitted to his ears.
Looking at their complete boats of True Meaning, Luo Zheng was somewhat envious. If he fully comprehended his own 'True Meaning of Nature', he would also be able to build such a boat...
"Haha, sister Qian Cheng, whether this guy is dead or alive, won't we know if we test him?" A burly figure on another boat laughed.
When the girl called Qian Cheng heard this, she remained silent and did not respond. That tall and sturdy man had an extraordinary family background and was given preferential treatment in the Great One Heaven Palace. During this period of time, he had been pestering her quite a bit.
Ming Zhixiu's face was full of caution as he said to the burly man, "Xi Tiangan! Don't act recklessly. Don't forget what our purpose is! "
Even in the Mother World, crossing the Sea of True Intent was not an easy task.
The closer they were to the other shore, the greater the test they would encounter. They had just taken the first step on their journey.
When Ming Zhixiu saw that Xi Tiangan wanted to mess around, he was afraid of causing trouble, so he naturally stopped him.
However, Xi Tiangan did not put Ming Zhixiu in his eyes at all. Although Ming Zhixiu was someone the Heavenly Palace had taken a fancy to, Xi Tiangan's talent was not inferior to his, and his family background was far superior to Xi Tiangan's.
"But it's not a problem to test him!"
As he spoke, a triangular secret seal appeared above Xi Tiangan's burly figure!
Because Xi Tiangan was a soul, he could only use soul attacks …
The triangular secret seal circled around the Sea of True Intent and actually shot towards Luo Zheng, who was in the Sea of True Intent.
Seeing this scene, Ming Zhixiu could not help but shake his head. This Xi Tiangan had always been so crazy. Their master had repeatedly instructed them to be extremely careful when crossing the Sea of True Intent. The slightest mistake would cause their souls to scatter.
Therefore, their master had given them a "Disillusionment Spell" for each of them. If there were any signs of trouble, they would crush the Disillusionment Spell and retreat from the Sea of True Intent!
Luo Zheng was floating on the surface of the sea perfectly fine. He did not expect that someone would find trouble with him!
"Soul attack? Courting death! "
On the surface of the sea, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
These people's cultivations were only Perfect True Gods, but the strength of their souls was indeed extremely outstanding in the Divine Plane. They could even be compared to some quasi-sages.
However, Luo Zheng's soul was not at a disadvantage even when fighting against a Sage. How could this Perfect True God's soul attack be a threat to him?
He opened his eyes, and a ray of light flashed!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
One after another, small soul arrows shot out.
"Da da da …"
The soul secret technique that Xi Tiangan cultivated was also extremely superior. The triangular secret seal actually withstood Luo Zheng's soul attack!
However, the small soul arrows released by Luo Zheng were like a river, endless …
Although the triangular secret seal could withstand dozens of small soul arrows, under the attack of hundreds of small soul arrows, the triangular secret seal was instantly torn apart and scattered in the Sea of True Intent, disappearing without a trace!
Seeing this scene, Ming Zhixiu and Qian Cheng were shocked.
Not only was this guy in the Sea of True Intent alive, but his soul attack was also so powerful?
Xi Tiangan also stared blankly at Luo Zheng's shadow, his face full of disbelief.
In terms of pure strength, Xi Tiangan was not the most powerful in the Heaven Palace. He was slightly weaker than Ming Zhixiu. However, the soul secret technique that he cultivated was not an ordinary technique. Among the Perfect True Gods, he had never met a worthy opponent!
As long as it was a battle of the soul, he would always have the upper hand!
However, this time, he had just made a move and his secret seal was destroyed?
Just as Xi Tiangan was in a daze, he heard Qian Cheng and Ming Zhixiu shouting.
"That guy is heading towards you!"
"Run, Xi Tiangan!"
Only then did Xi Tiangan see that the figure in the sea was actually swimming in the sea, heading straight for his True Intent boat!
Seeing this, Xi Tiangan turned pale with fright. He forcefully suppressed the fear in his heart, sat down cross-legged, and circulated the True Intent of Sword Cloud Eternity, urging the True Intent boat to speed away quickly.
Luo Zheng was also annoyed by Xi Tiangan's reckless method!
As he swam in the sea of lava, the soreness was extremely intense. However, as he gritted his teeth, Luo Zheng's swimming speed was also extremely fast, far exceeding the speed of those True Intent boats!
Although Xi Tiangan was urging with all his strength, the True Intent boat's power was purely based on his own will. How fast could it be?
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had already caught up!
"Boom!"
Almost without any explanation, Luo Zheng smashed his fist on the True Intent boat …
This True Intent boat was just something that was thought up by the True Intent of the Path. In front of Luo Zheng's physical body, it was unbelievably fragile. This punch directly smashed a big hole!
The originally pitifully small True Intent boat quickly tilted and sank into the sea of True Intent.
On the boat, Xi Tiangan was even more shocked and did not know what to do. If he fell into the sea of True Intent like this, his Sun God soul would also be completely melted away.
Until Ming Zhixiu shouted, "Quick, quick, break the illusion spell!"

Chapter 2465
Sky Palace
On the top floor of the Greater One Sky Palace, a milky white moon hung in the sky.
Standing on the top floor of the Sky Road, looking down, one could see tens of thousands of mountains in the sea of clouds.
Every mountain peak was like a sharp sword that was tens of thousands of feet tall, and above these 'sharp swords', huge words were engraved ….
When these words were connected together, it was the 'Eternal Sword Intent'.
Every year at the beginning of spring, the inner disciples of the Greater One Sky Palace would have the opportunity to observe and comprehend the 'Eternal Sword Intent'.
While observing, there would also be masters teaching and pointing out the essentials of the True Intent …
Those with talent and opportunity would be able to stand out during this period of time!
Those who could completely comprehend the 'Eternal Sword Intent' and step into the sea of True Intent would definitely be valued by the Greater One Sky Palace.
More than four hundred thousand inner disciples were still bitterly trying to comprehend those huge words.
Some of these inner disciples were glaring angrily, some were muttering, and some were barely holding on …
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
Forcibly comprehending the True Intent of the Dao would create a huge pressure on the soul.
Although these inner disciples had already cultivated the 'Sun Spirit', they still could not bear the pressure of the 'Eternal Sword Intent'. Their eyes rolled back and they fainted on the ground.
"Whoosh …"
From the scene, a few green-robed Daoists flew over and carried the fainted inner disciples out of the field.
At the very front of the Sky Road, there were another sixteen inner disciples sitting there.
These sixteen inner disciples had already formed True Intent boats and set sail on the sea of True Intent. Compared to the four hundred thousand inner disciples, they had already taken a big step forward.
Therefore, the four hundred thousand inner disciples would look at these ten inner disciples from time to time, their eyes filled with envy.
"Sigh, it's already the thirty-sixth year. Ming Zhixiu and Xi Tiangan went to sea in their first year on the Sky Road. We are still far away …" A middle-aged man with a cloth on his head sighed.
"There are some people we can't compare to. Ming Zhixiu's talent is amazing, Xi Tiangan's background is extraordinary, we can only work harder," another person said helplessly.
"I wonder how far they can go on their first voyage? No matter what, it will take at least three to five days … "The middle-aged man was halfway through his words when he heard a" plop "sound. Xi Tiangan, who was at the very front, actually fell to the ground.
"Ah …"
Many people focused their attention on Xi Tiangan. When they saw this scene, they immediately cried out in alarm.
"Xi Tiangan can't hold on anymore?"
"He just entered the Sea of True Intent, impossible …"
"Did something happen?"
On the high platform at the back of the Heavenly Road, a white-bearded elder frowned slightly when he saw this scene. He immediately flew up and landed beside Xi Tiangan.
The horsetail whisk in the old man's hand shook slightly and he reached out to press on Xi Tiangan's Tianling acupoint. He closed his eyes and pondered for a while. Then, with a gentle press of his aged finger, Xi Tiangan let out a strange cry and woke up.
"You've just set sail. Why are you using the Illusion Breaking Spell? What happened? "The old man asked with concern.
According to the rules of Great Yi Heaven Palace, the old man would use the Illusion Breaking Spell on these disciples before they set sail.
Because the Sea of True Intent was not calm. Sometimes, it would encounter a huge storm or even a huge whirlpool … If the True Intent boat was broken and did not exit the Sea of True Intent in time, the soul would fall into it and dissipate.
At this time, the Illusion Breaking Spell could pull the soul from the sea back to reality. At the crucial moment, the Illusion Breaking Spell could save lives.
Xi Tiangan slowly woke up. When he saw the old man, he cried out in grievance, "Master, we met a monster!"
The old man was slightly taken aback and asked, "What monster? Did you see wrongly? "
For some disciples who had just entered the Sea of True Intent, because their soul could not withstand the pressure of the Sea of True Intent, it was normal for them to hallucinate …
"Impossible!"
Xi Tiangan's face was filled with anger as he said, "That guy … that guy didn't have a true intent boat and was just wandering around in the sea of true intent. I originally wanted to test him, but I didn't expect him to smash my true intent boat! So I had no choice but to use the Illusion Breaking Spell! "
"No True Intent boat?" The old man's eyes narrowed. "He only relied on his soul to wander in the Sea of True Intent?"
"Yes!" Xi Tiangan said without hesitation.
When the old man heard this, he sneered, "Xi Tiangan, although you have some background, my Heavenly Palace doesn't recognize background. This old man has trained you more because of your outstanding talent. Why did you lie to me?"
Hearing the old man's words, Xi Tiangan panicked. "Master, I definitely didn't lie to you! I wasn't the only one who saw it. That Qian Cheng and Ming Zhixiu saw it too. If you don't believe me, wait until they leave the Sea of True Intent before you ask! If I lied, I will be punished by the Heaven Palace! "
After Xi Tiangan said that, the old man was a little confused.
Therefore, crossing the Sea of True Intent and crossing the other side was definitely not an easy task. It was a long and difficult process.
Why was the Sea of True Intent dangerous? Because it could devour all souls. Even the old man's soul would not be able to survive if it fell in. This was common knowledge, so Xi Tiangan's words could not be trusted.
"Alright! Then let's wait for Ming Zhixiu and the rest to come out! "
…
…
In the Sea of True Intent …
Ming Zhixiu and the rest were still looking at this scene in a daze. They were cursing Xi Tiangan in their hearts.
If this guy was to vent his anger on others, he would probably sink everyone's True Intent boat.
However, they had already comprehended the complete Sword Fate Eternal True Intent. It would not be difficult for them to form another True Intent boat.
However, no one was willing to provoke this guy in the sea. For a moment, everyone was silent.
"I have never made things difficult for you. However, that guy came to find trouble with me. It's not too much for me to smash his boat, right?" Luo Zheng, who was soaking in the sea, said calmly.
The rest did not reply. Ming Zhixiu heaved a sigh of relief. He quickly cupped his hands and said, "Yes, senior. Xi Tiangan was too reckless. His boat was smashed. It was his own fault!"
"Yes, Xi Tiangan was always reckless. Senior, you punished him. He deserved it!" Qian Cheng also chimed in.
Although Luo Zheng could not see the faces of these people, he could roughly guess that they should also be Perfect True Gods. Seeing them respectfully calling him senior, Luo Zheng was amused.
9527 had just reminded him not to expose his identity as much as possible. He was too lazy to chat with these people. He waved his hand and said, "Alright, you can leave now!"
Ming Zhixiu and the rest heard this and felt as if they had been pardoned.

Chapter 2466
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Return
After watching the boats leave, Luo Zheng began to swim slowly.
"Sigh, it's a pity that you can't hide in the Sea of Truth. You'll be discovered soon …" 9527 sighed.
"Why should I hide?" Luo Zheng was curious.
Luo Zheng had only stayed in the Sea of Truth for a while and had already met more than ten people. This meant that there were many people in the Sea of Truth.
"You still don't know what it means to wander in the Sea of Truth with your physical body," 9527 said with a smile. "It won't be long before the entire Mother World will be talking about this … Fortunately, they can't find out who you are. As long as you don't say anything, no one will know who you are. You have to remember this, or else you may cause endless trouble."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Although he knew almost nothing about the Mother World, he knew that the Li Clan was in a bad situation. His identity was so sensitive that he had to be extra careful.
"Crash …"
Luo Zheng looked ahead from the sea surface and opened his mouth to ask again, "Just how vast is this True Intent Sea? How long will it take to cross it? "
"How long …" 9527 smiled faintly, "It's not the same for everyone. Some might need thousands of years, or even millions of years. There are also some who can cross it in half a year. It still depends on one's talent and luck!"
The Sea of Truth did not have a fixed width. For some, it was impossible to cross it in their lifetime, but for others, it could be done in one go.
"What about me?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Sea of Truth is divided into nine stages. You can try and see if you can cross the first stage," 9527 said.
Luo Zheng nodded, but his face showed hesitation. "But I'm afraid there's not enough time!"
He did not forget that he was in the void at the bottom of the ice coffin. Those Saints were still fighting. He had spent too much time here. Who knew what would happen in the void?
"You don't have to worry about that," 9527 said faintly. "The flow of time in the Sea of Truth is different from the outside world!"
The smaller the world, the slower the flow of time. This was one of the truths in the Chaos.
From the perspective of the entire Chaos, time was extremely slow.
The flow of time in the Sea of True Intent was second, followed by the Mother World, and then the Divine Realm …
As for the universe's flow of time, it was extremely fast, and the internal worlds of ordinary Great Perfection True Gods were even faster!
For example, the flow of time in the Divine Sea Realm in the universe could be described as "instant" in the scale of the entire Chaos.
Luo Zheng nodded and continued swimming.
As Luo Zheng's arms waved faster and faster, his forward speed was also constantly increasing. He was like a flying fish running on the surface of the sea, rapidly dashing forward, leaving behind a series of long and narrow ripples.
Within the time it took to drink a cup of tea, Luo Zheng had caught up with the small boats that had set off in advance.
When Ming Zhixiu and the others saw Luo Zheng quickly catching up to them, they were originally a little nervous. However, Luo Zheng soon caught up with them and didn't have any intention of attacking them. Ming Zhixiu and the others were relieved.
Qian Cheng even urged her True Intent small boat to get closer to Luo Zheng. She asked in a crisp voice, "Senior, why don't you have a True Intent small boat?"
Why would Luo Zheng care about her? He just swam forward with his head down.
Who knew that Qian Cheng would urge her True Intent small boat forward and ask, "Why can senior's Sun Soul swim in the Sea of True Intent and not be swallowed by it?"
This Qian Cheng was also from a large force and had a prominent status. Even after entering the Great One Heavenly Palace, she was quite doted on by the elders. She saw that Luo Zheng was a kind person, so she followed behind Luo Zheng relentlessly.
"Qian Cheng!" Ming Zhixiu saw that Luo Zheng didn't say anything and shouted from behind, "Don't disturb senior!"
It was a taboo for Qian Cheng to inquire about other people's secrets like this.
This person in the sea did seem like a kind person, but Qian Cheng might have accidentally offended him. Besides, he really didn't care about Qian Cheng …
When Qian Cheng heard this, she only felt a little resentful. In addition, Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast. After a while, she was left behind.
Looking at Luo Zheng's figure shuttling through the sea, Qian Cheng said to Ming Zhixiu, "I don't think he's a senior …"
"Whether he's a senior or not, he's not someone we can offend. It's better to avoid trouble!" Ming Zhixiu was a diligent and studious person. Compared to others, he understood better what it meant to swim in the Sea of True Intent.
… …
… …
As Luo Zheng went deeper and deeper into the Sea of True Intent, he felt that the magma around him was getting thicker and thicker. The heat of the magma didn't cause any trouble for Luo Zheng, but the soreness was getting stronger and stronger!
After several hours, every time he swam, he felt as if countless spikes were stabbing into his body …
This soreness wasn't real. At least his body didn't suffer any damage, but it was enough to slow him down.
"It's getting harder and harder to go forward," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"It's already not bad," 9527 smiled faintly. "Those guys behind us have almost given up …"
Far behind Luo Zheng, the boats of True Intent were moving forward slowly. It seemed that they were having a harder time than Luo Zheng.
Whether it was Qian Cheng, Ming Zhixiu, Yang or the others, they all gritted their teeth.
What tested them was not the viscous magma, but the gusts of wind. These gusts of wind could penetrate deep into the soul and blow apart the boats. Most people who stepped into the Sea of True Intent for the first time would leave helplessly after a few days of suffering.
After Luo Zheng swam forward for a few more miles, he discovered that there was a clear ribbon in front of him. After the magma water passed through the ribbon, it turned dark red!
At this point, the soreness in Luo Zheng's body had reached an unbearable bottom.
He felt that his whole body was extremely stiff. Even if he used all the strength in his body, his body wouldn't listen to him.
"Let's stop here," 9527 said. "After rushing through the first section, the pressure will multiply. Your body won't be able to bear it. Like the souls of the Sun Gods, there's a possibility that they will collapse."
Luo Zheng nodded. Only then did he stretch out his body and float on the surface of the sea. This could relieve the pressure on his body … …
Then he asked breathlessly, "How do I leave the Sea of True Intent?"
"I'll teach you," 9527 smiled faintly.
This Sea of True Intent could be said to be a real illusion. To leave it, there might be some special techniques.
Not long after …

Chapter 2467
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
So simple?
As soon as he saw the red-eyed girl, Luo Zheng shrunk back as if it was a conditioned reflex.
On the contrary, the red-eyed girl showed a friendly expression and asked, "Are you awake?"
She called out to Luo Zheng for a while, but there was no response. She naively thought that Luo Zheng had fallen asleep.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But after thinking about the use of the red-eyed girl, Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly.
In the Black Water Domain, Chen Huang Yijian wanted to seize this faith treasure with him. For this reason, Chen Huang Yijian even tried to help him set up a sword array to use the primal fear power in the Black Water Domain.
By chance, he was caught by that woman and brought to the ice palace.
After this chaotic battle, the true demon body appeared in front of him … …
Wasn't this the perfect opportunity to refine the true demon body?
"Yes, I'm awake," Luo Zheng replied.
After receiving Luo Zheng's response, the red-eyed girl showed a happy expression and asked again, "Are you my kind?"
"My kind?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with astonishment.
In fact, he was thinking about how to refine this true demon body … …
When he obtained the imperial jade seal in the Sea of Time, he didn't refine it. He just touched it and it automatically recognized him as its master.
Or it could be said that from the moment he entered the world of the imperial jade seal, it was a refining process. Everyone who entered the world of the imperial jade seal had the possibility of obtaining the imperial jade seal's recognition. It was just that Luo Zheng beat him to it.
And this red-eyed girl seems to be looking for my recognition?
After this thought arose, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face and he immediately said, "I'm not afraid of your flames, so I'm your kind?"
The red-eyed girl widened her eyes and thought for a while, then said, "Yes! I think so too! "
"And then?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The red-eyed girl tilted her head and thought for a while, then said, "There are very few of my kind. I have to cherish every one of them … …"
As she spoke, the red light in her eyes became more and more intense.
Luo Zheng stared at the girl with a strange expression. Suddenly, a strange feeling appeared in his heart. It was as if his eyes were firmly attracted to the girl's gaze, and he couldn't look away!
Then Luo Zheng felt a pure soul. This was the soul of the girl!
When he sensed this soul, Luo Zheng was suddenly enlightened!
So that's it!
Refining the true demon body wasn't as complicated as he thought!
It was fine as long as he could get the girl's recognition!
The true Demon body's instinct was to fuse with the object it.
However, these people were fighting and Luo Zheng. and Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng. and Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng..
Luo Zheng: Luo Zheng Was Luo Zheng's Was Is Luo Zheng? Was Luo Zheng was Luo Zheng??
Luo Zheng was Luo was Luluo Luo Luo?
When Luo Zheng was surrounded by the red lotuses, he had a chance to be alone with the red-eyed girl.
"Hum … …"
Luo Zheng and the girl's minds were connected. He felt two strange energies. One came from the red-eyed girl. It was as if she could stimulate all energy in this world to the limit!
The other came from the blue-eyed girl. It could stop all energy in the world … …
These two strange energies caused Luo Zheng to fall into a state of silence. He was fusing these two energies, but at the same time, Luo Zheng was puzzled. Could it be that while refining the red-eyed girl, he'd also gained the blue-eyed girl's recognition?
At this moment … …
There was a sharp roar in the air!
In the distance, Emperor Hanqing clutched his chest, his face full of resentment.
Ever since that woman made her move, Emperor Hanqing had been at a disadvantage.
He relied on the Taihe Divine Spear and had no opponents. Even Dongfang Chunjun had to retreat.
But that woman had also replicated the Taihe Divine Spear. Combined with the strength of a dozen Saints, Emperor Hanqing couldn't fight back!
In a moment of carelessness, the woman had punched a hole in his chest!
Qing Emperor crushed a golden pill, which turned into a faint golden mist. Then, he inhaled the mist through his nose.
"Hiss … …"
New flesh grew out of the gaping hole in his chest and began to heal.
"I advise you to give up. That way, you can die more comfortably." The woman stared at Emperor Hanqing.
There had been a few accidents along the way, but everything was still under her control. The only thing that upset her was that Luo Zheng had been killed by this bastard. She couldn't accept that, so she had to kill Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing was also feeling very depressed.
When the Stone Rat lent him its ability, he could read his opponent's memories in real time. That was why he knew what Dongfang Chunjun and the others were thinking.
But this woman, including the clones she had created, did not have the flame of memory at all!
Since he couldn't read his opponent's memories, he was at a disadvantage!
"Hehe, Emperor Hanqing, this is all your own doing. If I can return to the floating island, I will definitely start a Universal War against you. I hope that your Universal War can last for a while!" Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
Dongfang Chunjun and the others were more than happy to watch the two tigers fight. Seeing Emperor Hanqing at a disadvantage, they couldn't help but mock him.
If Emperor Hanqing lost in the Universal War, he'd be dead for good.
Perhaps he'd be able to make a comeback one day, but before that, Dongfang Chunjun would have to solve the mystery of reincarnation.
"Hmph, if I die, do you think you'll survive? Don't forget this woman's goal … … "Emperor Hanqing didn't finish his sentence before the space above his head rippled again.
Emperor Hanqing waved his Taihe Divine Spear and disappeared.
He'd already fought this woman for over a thousand rounds.
He was constantly shuttling through space, fleeing, shuttling, fleeing. It wouldn't be that easy to kill Emperor Hanqing.
Emperor Hanqing wasn't happy about this stalemate, though.
The slightest carelessness could lead to serious injuries. Sooner or later, he'd die at her hands.
Emperor Hanqing was desperately trying to think of a way out of this stalemate.
"Whoosh!"
He used Greater Teleportation again, returning to the center of space. His eyes followed a thin line in the air and saw the blue-eyed girl in the middle of a field of ice.
The blue-eyed girl was constantly being pushed back and forth by his spatial tunnel. She seemed to have become dizzy as she stood in the void without moving.
Emperor Hanqing suddenly had a bold idea.
Instead of fighting this woman, why not take the risk and refine the girl?
Emperor Hanqing didn't know how to refine her, but he was desperate. It was better than just running away.
With that thought in mind, he vanished into thin air again before the woman could catch up to him.
"Whoosh!"

Chapter 2468
The Oriole Is Behind
Emperor Hanqing didn't have much confidence, so he attacked with all his might.
The tip of the Taihe Divine Spear had completely disappeared. It had become one with the space around it!
"Whoosh …"
The moment the tip of the spear touched the thin line, the space around it was cut apart.
What was originally a complete thin line had become dislocated at this moment!
Emperor Hanqing frowned when he saw this.
Although it looked like he'd cut the blue line, that was only for visual effect. The thin line was still intact!
"The dislocation distance isn't enough! Again! "
Since he'd made up his mind, there was no reason for him to give up.
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh …"
In a breath's time, the tip of the Taihe Divine Spear had cut the thin line dozens of times.
In everyone's eyes, the thin line had been dislocated very badly. The part that Emperor Hanqing had cut was dislocated by about three meters, but it still hadn't been cut!
"Peng!"
Emperor Han Qing, who had struck out with his spear dozens of times, glared angrily.
His spear was like a dragon emerging from the sea, pointing at the void …
A three meter square hole was instantly pierced through the void. The blue thread drilled in from one side of the hole and came out from the other. The middle section had completely disappeared.
The thin line on both sides of the hole swayed back and forth a few times, then finally began to roll back. The thin blue line then disappeared from everyone's sight.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng, who was lying in the sea of fire, was still absorbing the energy of the two girls.
But when the blue line broke, one of the energies mysteriously disappeared!
"He severed that line!"
"If he cuts the line, he can refine the true demon's body?"
"Chance!"
The other Perfect True Gods had been frightened by Emperor Hanqing's killing spree. They'd all run far away. Now that they'd seen what had happened, they were all excited.
But when they thought of how powerful the two girls were, they didn't dare rush forward.
Emperor Hanqing's eyes lit up when he saw the thin line break.
But as he stared at her, he saw that the blue-eyed girl had already disappeared from where she stood …
"How dare you steal from me!"
He roared, his face full of anger. He realized that the woman must've used her clone to take the blue-eyed girl away.
"Sou!"
There was a chill around the woman, and the little girl was pulled over by Emperor Han Qing's clone.
The blue-eyed girl stood in the air in a daze. Her deep blue eyes were filled with anger!
She had been pulled in and sent to various spatial tunnels, so she did not know what was going on. However, when her connection with the red-eyed girl was severed, she was truly infuriated!
"Why are you doing this …" A childish but cold voice rang out.
"Hua …"
The ice crystals that filled the sky rushed out from the blue-eyed girl's body and began to spin wildly.
"Oh no!"
That woman was also crying bitterly in her heart.
In order to refine the True Demon's body, he had to sever that line. This was only a guess.
She didn't expect that she would provoke the blue-eyed girl's anger!
The ice crystals that filled the sky revolved around the blue-eyed girl in a frenzy. It was as if the Ice Goddess had descended upon the world. Any creature that tried to interfere with her would be frozen and torn apart …
"Shua!"
Qing Emperor's clone used the Taihe Divine Spear again and created a space tunnel. The space tunnel sucked him and the woman in and they disappeared.
But the other clones were not so lucky …
The moment the snowflakes hit the Saints, they froze and turned into human-shaped ice sculptures. More and more snowflakes hit these ice sculptures, shattering these human-shaped ice sculptures.
After the human-shaped ice sculptures were shattered, the clones fell and turned into streams of power of faith that quickly dissipated into the air.
This power of faith had been extracted from the bodies of the demons and monsters by the woman, and now it was being returned to the Abyss Demon Realm!
"I'll turn you all into pieces!"
The blue-eyed girl's cold little face was filled with merciless killing intent.
The Wealthy Family Alliance and Emperor Han Qing were originally itching to make a move, but after seeing the girl's power, their hearts began to beat wildly.
If they had charged in without thinking, they would've been turned into a pile of blood and ice …
"Whoosh …"
The ice crystals spun faster and faster, and the area they affected also grew larger and larger. The blue light in the blue-eyed girl's eyes grew more and more intense.
The surging cold air also spread rapidly in the void, as if a blizzard was descending.
Seeing the speed at which the ice crystals spread, some people were worried that they would spread to the entire space. Was everyone going to die in this blizzard?
But when the light in the blue-eyed girl's eyes reached a certain level, it quickly began to dim …
All of the ice crystals disappeared at the same time!
The blue-eyed girl looked at her hands, and her little head tilted slightly, as if in thought, as if she didn't understand what had happened.
"She's out of energy?"
"The two true demons complement each other, and the blue-eyed girl's energy comes from the red-eyed girl. After that line was severed, she naturally can't replenish it!"
"He's deliberately approaching her now!"
Some people had already understood, and a few Paragon True Gods even began to gather in this direction.
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes lit up slightly, and he also turned into a streak of light and sped away!
As the leader of the Saints, he hadn't been able to use his full strength after entering this place because Emperor Hanqing had suppressed him.
On one hand, Emperor Hanqing had the Divine Spear of Taihe, which gave him a huge advantage. On the other hand, that bastard could peer into his memories. These two methods greatly restricted Dongfang Chunjun.
He'd held himself back for so long, and had been thinking of a way to escape.
Now that the blue-eyed girl had a chance to be refined, how could he let her fall into Emperor Hanqing's hands?
But no matter how fast Dongfang Chunjun was, he couldn't be faster than that woman and Emperor Hanqing …
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
Emperor Hanqing and his clone attacked at almost the same time, and two spatial tunnels shot toward the blue-eyed girl.
"Crack!"
As the two spatial passageways collided, they tore out a jagged pattern in the void, and they actually canceled each other out.
"Hmph!"
Emperor Hanqing tossed the Divine Spear of Taihe into the air.
This time, he was half a step faster, and had already enveloped the girl in a spatial tunnel, then sent her dozens of miles away.
Under Emperor Hanqing's control, Han Cangyan had been quietly floating in the distance, waiting for this opportunity!
Seeing the blue-eyed girl emerge from the void, Han Cangyan took a step forward, intending to embrace her.
But then, an extremely sharp sword-light came from hundreds of feet away!

Chapter 2469
Unable to Attack
It was Hua Tianming who'd unleashed the sword-light.
Although Hua Tianming had his trump card, he knew that he couldn't fight the Sages head-on.
When he saw Emperor Hanqing use his Divine Taihe Spear to massacre the Sages, Hua Tianming chose to flee.
As he did, Hua Tianming noticed someone else. It was Han Cangyan … …
From the very beginning, Han Cangyan had been leading the battle like a puppet, quietly hiding in the distance.
Hua Tianming suddenly thought of something.
The True Demon's body could only be inherited by a Paragon True God. No matter how powerful Emperor Hanqing was, he couldn't inherit it himself.
Now, Han Jia only had Han Cangyan left!
With this in mind, Hua Tianming hid himself … …
The end result was just as Hua Tianming had predicted. Emperor Han Qing was able to obtain the true demon's body in the end.
At that moment, Hua Tianming chose to make his move!
"Sky Sword?"
When Dongfang Chunjun saw this, his face lit up with joy.
He hadn't expected Sky Sword to be so vigilant, hiding by Han Cangyan's side in advance!
Han Cangyan was now completely under Emperor Hanqing's control … …
When faced with Hua Tianming's sword-light, Emperor Hanqing frowned. He had no choice but to dodge. Then he sent a thought to Han Cangyan.
Han Cangyan twisted his body and retreated, forcibly dodging the attack!
As for Hua Tianming, he had already transformed into a streak of light and pounced towards the blue-eyed girl, pulling her into his embrace.
"You're courting death!"
When Emperor Hanqing saw this, his face turned cold.
He gripped his Divine Taihe Spear and stabbed through the air … …
"Whoosh!"
A spatial ripple spread out!
He wanted to pull both the blue-eyed girl and Sky Sword to him!
But at the same time, the woman on the other side ordered the clone to stab out as well.
Two spatial ripples shot towards Hua Tianming … …
"Crack!"
The two spatial ripples collided once more, canceling each other out.
Hua Tianming also knew that he was taking a huge risk, but he had no choice.
The responsibility he bore in the universe made him understand that his future was definitely not optimistic.
Although the Wealthy Family Alliance had suffered heavy losses because of Emperor Hanqing, they still couldn't change their fate.
Over the years, Hua Tianming's state of mind had also undergone a considerable change!
Whether it was for himself or for Dongfang Yingqing, he couldn't die, and he didn't want to die …
If he could control the Abyss Demon Domain, perhaps everything would turn around?
"How do I refine this little girl …"
The blue-eyed girl had already exhausted all the energy in her body. At the same time, she was unable to convert the energy through the red-eyed girl.
However, he had no idea what kind of method he should use to refine this living treasure of faith!
"Divine sense!"
Almost subconsciously, Hua Tianming had already poured his Divine Sense into the blue-eyed girl's mind. The moment his Divine Sense poured in, he had already sensed that the blue-eyed girl's immature soul contained panic and fear.
"Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, I … can protect you!"
Hua Tianming's first reaction was to comfort the blue-eyed girl …
But above Hua Tianming's head, another crack sounded.
Emperor Hanqing's spatial tunnel had been destroyed by the woman once more …
"You also want the True Demon's body? Are you going to let that brat get it?" Emperor Hanqing asked in exasperation.
The woman sneered, "It's better than you getting it!"
Just as Emperor Hanqing was about to strike with the Divine Taihe Spear again, the woman's clone readied herself.
When Emperor Hanqing's third strike was destroyed, he grit his teeth and gripped the Divine Taihe Spear tightly. His body flashed, and he disappeared from where he stood. He was going to teleport himself over.
But as soon as he disappeared, the clone pierced through the air again. Somewhere in the void, another fissure appeared. Qing Di fell out of the fissure.
Emperor Hanqing glared hatefully at the woman when he realized that he couldn't teleport himself over.
If this woman had created a spatial tunnel, he would've done the same.
However, while Emperor Hanqing was wary of the woman, he was also controlling Han Cangyan …
"Sou!"
Now that Hua Tianming was focused on refining the blue-eyed girl, Han Cangyan had an opportunity.
Han Cangyan's eyes flashed with murderous intent. He reached out with his hand, and a short silver sword appeared in his grasp.
"Five Elements Shatter Space!"
Han Cangyan's strength had been forcibly raised. In terms of pure power, he was still a far cry from an ordinary Perfect True God.
However, the one controlling Han Cangyan's body was Emperor Hanqing, so there was a difference.
The short sword in his hand glowed with Five Elements Dao, and he aimed it at Hua Tianming's vitals.
"The True Demon's body belongs to me. If you dare try to steal it, you'll have to pay with your life!" Emperor Hanqing sneered in his heart.
Hua Tianming was already hugging the blue-eyed girl …
The blue-eyed girl didn't have much killing intent. She didn't know much about this world, so she was terrified of even the slightest disturbance. That was why she fought back so fiercely.
But she also had great power, so the consequences of her actions were terrifying.
"It's alright, I mean you no harm …"
"I'll answer all your questions."
"This world … is very beautiful …"
As Hua Tianming comforted her, he sensed an attack coming from behind him.
Seeing that Han Cangyan's short sword was getting closer and closer to him, Hua Tianming frowned slightly. His eyes suddenly flashed with light.
A milky white light shone from his body …
Han Cangyan's short sword was already inches away from Hua Tianming, but he strangely found that he couldn't pierce through.
"What's going on?"
Emperor Hanqing's expression was one of bewilderment.
In that moment, Emperor Hanqing had the misconception that Han Cangyan was disobeying his orders.
And Han Cangyan had already become his puppet. How could he disobey?
"Kill him!"
Unable to figure it out, Emperor Hanqing continued to issue orders in his mind.
Han Cangyan held the short sword with both hands and stabbed it at Hua Tianming's back …
The five-colored short sword was less than half an inch away from Hua Tianming. The tip of the short sword shook violently, but Han Cangyan couldn't pierce through this half an inch!
"Will you protect me?"
The blue-eyed girl was even more insecure than the red-eyed girl.
Hua Tianming carefully comforted her for a long time before she finally spoke.
"Of course I will," Hua Tianming smiled.
"That's great …"
In that moment, Hua Tianming felt the blue-eyed girl open her heart to him.

Chapter 2470
Flaming Fist
As soon as Hua Tianming established a connection with the blue-eyed girl, he felt a thirst for power.
It was a thirst for energy ….
The blue-eyed girl had already exhausted all of her energy, and her connection with the red-faced girl had been severed. Now that she couldn't replenish her energy, she was truly "hungry."
When Hua Tianming sensed her emotions, he released strands of Dao from his dantian and transmitted them to the blue-eyed girl.
"Bzzz …."
The blue-eyed girl's eyes flashed with a faint blue light, and strands of frost began to emanate from her body. These frost flowers had been transformed from Hua Tianming's Dao.
Although there weren't many of them, they were enough to envelop her and Hua Tianming, protecting them.
Emperor Hanqing couldn't control Han Cangyan's sword, and the frost flowers began to revolve around the girl once more. All he could do was have Han Cangyan retreat.
The blue-eyed girl had been taken by Sky Sword, but there was still the red-eyed girl.
Since the connection between the two girls had been severed, as long as the red-eyed girl released all of her energy, he could refine her ….
Emperor Hanqing lightly shook the Divine Spear of Taihe, creating a spatial tunnel that enveloped Han Cangyan. He dragged him to his side, then turned to look at the red-eyed girl. His expression darkened.
When Emperor Hanqing and the woman were fighting over the blue-eyed girl, some of them knew they couldn't win, so they set their sights on the red-eyed girl.
However, the red-eyed girl was enveloped in a sea of red lotus flames. From the outside, it was impossible to see what was going on inside.
"The red-eyed girl's energy is limited. As long as we consume the red lotuses, we'll be able to capture her …."
As Mu Xuerong spoke, the two short swords in her hands began to glow with blood-red light.
"Whoosh!"
Suddenly, the two short swords, covered in blood-red light, shot toward the sea of red lotuses.
"Crash!"
The two short swords in Mu Xuerong's hands were considered top magic treasures in the Realm of the Gods, but when they touched the red lotuses, they instantly melted away.
Furthermore, the Dao Essence of the Killing God Dao within the dagger was transformed into balls of blazing flames by these red lotuses. The scene was like adding fire to a pot of oil!
"Xue Rong, let me help you!"
At this moment, Mu Haiji rushed over.
The Mu family's losses in the Abyss Devil Region were not small either.
Now that 'Sky Sword' had obtained a True Demon's body, it could be said that the Prestigious Alliance had recovered some of their losses. But, if he could help Mu Xuerong fuse with another True Demon's body, for the Prestigious Alliance, this could be considered an acceptable outcome.
After all, the Saints were not truly dead. They could be reborn in the universe.
Although quite a number of Perfected True Gods and Secondary Sages had died, their battle power at this stage was insignificant. If the Aristocratic Alliance could rely on the bodies of two True Demons to tide over the crisis and dominate the Divine Region, they would eventually be able to nurture new Secondary Sages and Perfected True Gods in the future. They could even make all the Aristocratic Clans submit to them.
Buzz!
Mu Haiji leapt into the air, an ink-black longsword appearing in his hand.
He wanted to separate the True Demon's body from the flames before Emperor Han Qing could react …
"Spirit Extinguishing Sword!"
The ink-black longsword suddenly slashed out, and an ink-black sword ray spread out from the three-foot-long sword, slashing towards the red lotuses.
After the ink-black sword ray came into contact with the red lotuses, the two began to devour each other.
The sword ray was quickly extinguished, and the clumps of red lotuses also dimmed by a lot …
Seeing this, a faint smile appeared on Mu Haiji's face. He already knew that the red lotuses could transform all energy into flames. If he used other methods to attack them, it would only add fuel to the flames.
The Spirit Extinguishing Sword that he had just slashed out had the same characteristics as the red lotuses. It needed to devour other energy in order to grow stronger. When these two similar types of energy collided, it actually managed to extinguish a portion of the red lotuses' flames!
Almost without hesitation, the second Spirit Extinguishing Sword slashed out.
But just as the second sword slashed out, a spatial tunnel pierced through space like a rainbow, directly enveloping Mu Haiji's sword …
The Spirit Extinguishing Sword's sword ray was transferred to another part of space.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
Emperor Han Qing, Emperor Han Qing's clone, and the woman had already arrived around the red lotus.
The blue-eyed girl had already fused with Hua Tianming. If the woman wanted to leave the Abyss Devil Realm, her last hope was the red-eyed girl. She wouldn't allow anyone else to touch her.
As for Emperor Han Qing, he was also extremely anxious to obtain the True Demon's body!
When they saw the two arrive, Mu Xuerong and the other Paragons revealed expressions of fear. They quickly retreated, hiding behind Mu Haiji.
"You have no right to fight with me. Mu Haiji, take your people and scram!" Emperor Han Qing said coldly.
But Mu Haiji didn't back down …
Emperor Han Qing's strength lay in his Taihe Divine Spear. It was a long spear that could pierce through space, and when he used the two girls' ice flowers and red lotuses, he was invincible. The other Sages simply couldn't contend with him.
But now, the situation was different. The connection between the two girls had been severed, and the red lotuses were weakening. If the red-eyed girl's red lotuses were to completely disappear, then Emperor Han Qing would be able to hold his own.
Even if Emperor Hanqing relied on the Taihe Divine Spear, Mu Haiji would still be able to fight him. Plus, he had Dongfang Chunjun behind him!
"You're the one who should scram …" The woman smiled faintly. She gently twisted her fingers, and strands of brown energy transformed into slender short swords.
Behind her, Emperor Han Qing's clone stabbed out with his spear, creating a spatial tunnel that pierced through Emperor Han Qing and delivered the short swords to him!
Emperor Han Qing's expression darkened, but he had no choice but to use his Taihe Divine Spear.
Seeing the two of them fighting, Mu Haiji was overjoyed. He leaped into the air and floated above the cluster of red lotuses. His Taoist Connotation was quickly extracted from his body.
"Whoosh!"
Another Spirit Extinguishing Sword slashed down.
This time, it was even more powerful than the previous one. He was determined to destroy all of the red lotuses!
He watched as the sword flew from top to bottom …
Something strange suddenly happened to the red lotuses below!
All of the red lotuses gathered together, burning with raging flames.
The red lotuses were the bones, and the flames were the flesh. They formed a giant fist.
"Boom!"
A scorching aura surged up, instantly devouring Mu Haiji's Spirit Extinguishing Sword. At the same time, it smashed towards Mu Haiji!
"What is this?!"
Mu Haiji's eyes were filled with shock. He felt an intense sense of danger, as if he would die under this fist.

Chapter 2471
Taking a Different Approach
Mu Haihai continuously formed hand seals while the black longsword in his hand flashed.
Soon, an ink-black crystal shield appeared below Mu Haiji, blocking his path!
Boom!
The ink-black crystal shield blocked the huge fiery fist, but it only lasted for the blink of an eye before shattering and fusing with the flames, quickly disappearing ….
However, the crystal shield managed to offset a portion of the flames, causing the fiery fist to shrink by a tenth.
Mu Haiji's expression was grave as he continued to form hand seals. As soon as the crystal shield disappeared, the black longsword in his hand flashed again, and another black crystal shield appeared beneath him.
Boom!
The second crystal shield shattered as soon as it appeared!
Then came the third, the fourth, and the fifth …
These crystal shields were unable to withstand the impact of the fiery fist. However, every time a crystal shield appeared, the fiery fist would shrink a little!
Mu Haiji was helpless in this situation.
If he was hit by the fiery fist, he would definitely die. He could only try his best to extinguish the flames.
Using the power of the Spirit Extinguishing Sword like this was extremely taxing on Mu Haiji.
As more and more black crystal shields were released, Mu Haiji's face turned paler and paler …
When Mu Haiji could no longer hold on, he bit the tip of his tongue and spat a mouthful of blood essence onto the Spirit Extinguishing Sword.
The surface of the Spirit Extinguishing Sword flashed with layers of black light as Mu Haiji threw the sword down!
"Crack!"
The flames were finally extinguished!
However, what replaced them was a huge golden fist that was still expanding!
When Mu Haiji saw this scene, his eyes widened in disbelief.
"Luo Zheng?"
Mu Xuerong and the other Paragons were also shocked.
They knew very well how terrifying the power of the blazing red lotus was. Even a Sage would be burned to ashes in the blink of an eye if they fell into it …
When Luo Zheng fell into the red lotus, most people thought that he was dead for sure.
No one expected that Luo Zheng would appear in front of them again, and in such a manner!
Whoosh!
Mu Haiji retreated at an extremely fast speed.
However, the distance between him and Luo Zheng was already very close. After activating the Rage God Body, Luo Zheng's body expanded to a height of 50,000 to 60,000 feet!
Even though Mu Haiji retreated with all his strength, he was still unable to avoid Luo Zheng's mountain-like fist.
When Mu Haiji collided with Luo Zheng's fist, a dazzling golden light appeared on the surface of the fist!
Boom!
The collision produced a crisp sound as if Mu Haiji's body collided with a large gong. A tyrannical power poured into Mu Haiji's body.
Mu Haiji's Heart Fist the Spirit Extinguishing the power of the fist's body. It's body's body's body, Mu Haiji's body's....
If he couldn't get rid of this power, he would probably be torn to pieces by it ….
In a moment of desperation, he could only grit his teeth and guide this power into his inner world!
If a quasi-saint or a consummate true god were to do this, it would be no different from courting death. However, Mu Haiji's Realm of Extremity relied on the divine realm and had the ability to withstand this power.
Rumble …
A huge hole suddenly appeared in the dome of the Universe of the Universe of the Universe of the Universe of the Universe of the Universe.
A beam of golden light turned into a sharp sword and descended from the stars in the sky. It swept through hundreds of millions of miles of space, turning the stars in its path into dust and piercing into one of the Great Worlds of the Universe.
The entire Great World was cut in half, and the huge world began to collapse. The tyrannical power did not dissipate. It continued to cause the surrounding Great Worlds to collapse.
Countless living beings perished. The one who suffered the most was the "fake Divine Tribe" that had invaded the Universe of the Universe.
Even though Mu Haiji's Universe had dissolved a large portion of the power, his physical body was not in a good condition.
His hair was messy, and his body was covered in cracks. He looked exhausted, and his aura was very weak.
"Is that the True Intent of Dao? Why … Why is this True Intent of Dao coming from that brat's body? How is this possible? "Dongfang Chunjun could not hide the shock on his face.
Dongfang Chunjun knew the use of the True Intent of Dao. It was the foundation of crossing the Nirvana Realm. Almost all True Intents of Dao relied on the dantian to help the soul cross the Nirvana Realm.
However, Luo Zheng's True Intent of Dao coming from his body completely shattered Dongfang Chunjun's understanding. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, he would not have believed it at all.
In fact, even Luo Zheng himself found it a little strange.
He pulled back his fist and looked at his hands suspiciously.
This time, after his body was refined by the red lotus, it seemed to have undergone some miraculous changes.
Hum!
When he circulated his power, a layer of faintly discernible golden light surrounded his fist.
"Is this also a type of True Intent of Dao?" Luo Zheng murmured as he looked at the golden light.
Crossing the Nirvana Realm required the True Intent of Dao to build a True Intent boat. However, Luo Zheng was crossing the Nirvana Realm with his physical body, and his True Intent of Dao was completely integrated into his body.
However, this True Intent of Dao was definitely not the True Intent of Dao.
"Of course." 9527's voice came from his chest. "If you did not comprehend the True Intent of Dao, it would be impossible for you to step into the Sea of True Intent."
"Cultivating the Ancient God Body-Refining Technique will produce this True Intent of Dao?" Luo Zheng asked again.
In the past, the Ancient Gods also relied on their physical bodies to cross the Sea of True Intent. They must have mastered a similar True Intent of Dao.
"Yes and no …" 9527 hesitated for a moment before she said, "The ancient gods in the past had comprehended the 'True Will of the Holy Physique'. The Aragami that you have encountered before had cultivated to the peak of their cultivation. They could all comprehend the 'True Will of the Holy Physique'. After that, they could cross the sea of 'True Will of the Holy Physique' and set foot on the other shore. However, that path no longer exists … What you have now should be some kind of unique True Will of the Dao."
When the True Intent of Divine Body could not be comprehended, the path of the Ancient God Body-Refining Technique was naturally blocked. Those who came after could only use the Great World Body-Refining Technique.
However, after Luo Zheng refined his physical body into a weapon, he seemed to have opened up another way of refining his body. Combined with the Ancient God Body-Refining Technique, he opened up another path under a freak combination of factors. He directly bypassed the third truth that applied to the entire Chaos.
Luo Zheng and 9527 had a short conversation. His eyes were fixed on Mu Haiji, who was not far away. He said, "That year in the universe, you slashed me with your sword. If Shi Xiaoqiao did not block it with all her strength, I am afraid I would have been dead. This punch will pay you back for that sword!"
His body was huge, and his voice was extremely loud. It spread in the open Void and sounded like thunder to everyone.
Mu Haiji floated quietly in the Void. Compared to the huge Luo Zheng, he, a Saint, was as small as an ant.

Chapter 2472
Fighting in the Future
It had only been a little over 20 years …
To a Sage, 20 years was just the blink of an eye.
This ant-like little guy had already grown to such an extent.
Now that they were facing each other, Mu Haiji was as small as an ant. This was even more ironic!
"Father!"
Seeing this, Mu Xuerong flew up and stood in front of Mu Haiji.
Not long ago, when Luo Zheng had returned to Huan Yu, the other Perfect True Gods had seen how powerful Luo Zheng was. At that time, Luo Zheng could already crush these Perfect True Gods, and his strength was comparable to a Secondary Sage's.
Not much time had passed, and his strength had increased by leaps and bounds. Even Mu Haiji could not withstand Luo Zheng's punch!
This kind of strength was enough to make Perfect True Gods and even Secondary Sages look up to him.
Behind Luo Zheng, the other two people had very complicated thoughts …
One was Emperor Hanqing.
He was the one who had severed the connection between the two girls. The True Demon's body in the ice coffin should have belonged to him alone.
Who would have thought that one of them would be obtained by Sky Sword, and the other by Luo Zheng!
Especially Luo Zheng …
This guy had clearly fallen like a red lotus, burned to the point where not even his bones were left. Why had he mysteriously reappeared without any injuries?
All kinds of distracting thoughts flashed through the woman's mind.
Her goal had only been to inherit a True Demon's body. For this goal, only the heavens knew how many times she had worked. But in the end, all her hard work had ended up benefiting someone else.
However, since Luo Zheng was still alive, she was still gratified. After all, she had been born from resentment, and this resentment had come from the Li Clan's extinction. Luo Zheng was still alive, so at least a trace of the Li Clan's bloodline had been passed down.
Whoosh!
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed at Mu Haiji.
Seeing this, Mu Xuerong gritted her teeth and stood in front of him …
But how could the current Mu Xuerong block Luo Zheng's attack?
Puff!
With a light strike, Luo Zheng's palm emitted a golden light. Mu Xuerong spat out a cloud of blood as she was sent flying by Luo Zheng's slap.
Then, Luo Zheng grabbed Mu Haiji in his hand and looked at Dongfang Chunjun in the distance. There was a hint of coldness in his huge eyes.
After meeting Chen Huangyi again, Luo Zheng had a glimmer of hope that he could take his mother away from Dongfang Chunjun.
Through the flames of memory, he knew that Dongfang Chunjun had brought Li Luoshui with him during the trip to the Wealthy Alliance.
But before that, it was probably an extravagant hope for Luo Zheng to snatch his mother back with his strength … Before that, Luo Zheng could only guarantee that he would survive and be able to safely escape the Abyss Devil Domain.
But things were different now.
His strength had improved by leaps and bounds, and he had also fused with the True Demon Body. He should be able to fight Dongfang Chunjun!
"Give my mother back to me," Luo Zheng said coldly. "Otherwise, I'll crush him to death."
Dongfang Chunjun frowned when he heard that.
"Your mother? I don't know where she is. Why are you asking me for it? "Dongfang Chunjun said expressionlessly.
Luo Zheng sneered. "You're the leader of the Saints, and you're playing dumb? Take my mother with you on your journey before you set out for battle! Do you think Emperor Hanqing is the only one who can check your memories? "
Dongfang Chunjun's face darkened …
He had always been proud of his status and strength, as well as his strategy and wisdom …
Now, even Luo Zheng could check his memories. This meant that he had no secrets in front of Luo Zheng and Emperor Hanqing!
Dongfang Chunjun naturally didn't know that Emperor Hanqing could only secretly check the memories of the people around him. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had a reincarnation soul artifact and could read the memories of almost everyone in the Divine Realm.
"Hand it over or I'll kill him." Luo Zheng waved his huge hand. Mu Haiji couldn't resist at all.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled coldly. "Can you really kill him?"
While the Aristocratic Alliance had suffered heavy losses in this trip to the Demonic Abyss, it was still within Dongfang Chunjun's tolerance.
After all, the Saints weren't truly dead and could be reborn in the universe.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. Power surged from his hand and accompanied by a golden light, he clenched his fist.
"Pcht!"
Mu Haiji was reduced to a bloody mist in Luo Zheng's hand.
This was the first Saint Luo Zheng had killed, although Mu Haiji wasn't truly dead …
After crushing Mu Haiji, Luo Zheng took a step forward and went straight for Dongfang Chunjun!
"Bzz …"
The red-eyed girl followed closely behind Luo Zheng. Compared to Luo Zheng's enormous body, however, the red-eyed girl was so small that it was easy to overlook her.
However, Emperor Hanqing narrowed his eyes and stared at the red-eyed girl.
Emperor Hanqing was unwilling to let Luo Zheng obtain the True Demon Body. Although Luo Zheng's performance was extremely strong, he wasn't very afraid of attacks that relied on physical strength, especially when he had the Divine Spear of Taihe.
It would be best if Luo Zheng and Dongfang Chunjun could both be injured!
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Luo Zheng, who was as tall as a mountain, coming straight for him.
"Whoosh …"
The black and white Chaos True Intent of Yin and Yang spiraled from his palm.
A huge Eight Trigrams floated above Dongfang Chunjun …
Just as the two were about to begin their first round of collision, Luo Zheng's body suddenly stopped and strangely stopped in place.
Some people looked puzzled. They didn't know why Luo Zheng, who was originally so aggressive, suddenly stopped.
A smile appeared on Dongfang Chunjun's face. "You really can peek into my memories …"
It turned out that at this moment, Dongfang Chunjun had already seen the scene of a few breaths of time in the future. The Eight Trigrams he summoned was so sharp that it was like a millstone that could actually crush Luo Zheng's arm!
And Luo Zheng saw this scene through Dongfang Chunjun's memories …
In theory, the two had already fought once in the "future", but Dongfang Chunjun saw the result, and Luo Zheng saw the result through Dongfang Chunjun. Therefore, Luo Zheng decisively chose to give up.
Therefore, the fight that was supposed to happen this time didn't actually happen!
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and took another step forward, rushing toward Dongfang Chunjun from the right. However, halfway through, he suddenly stopped again.
The two of them once again clashed in the "future" …
Dongfang Chunjun's face was full of smiles. "Your body seems to have been refined after being tempered, but if you want to defeat me with just the strength of your body, you are underestimating me too much!"
After all, he, Dongfang Chunjun, was the leader of the Saints!
Being suppressed by Emperor Hanqing in the void didn't mean that Emperor Hanqing was stronger than him. It was just that Emperor Hanqing couldn't use greater teleportation in the Abyss of Demons. The Divine Spear of Taihe helped Emperor Hanqing a lot, and the flames of the two little girls caused Emperor Hanqing to massacre the Grand Alliance.
However, whether it was Emperor Hanqing or Luo Zheng, it was undoubtedly wishful thinking for them to kill Dongfang Chunjun so easily.

Chapter 2473
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Yin-Yang Transformation
In the void, Luo Zheng was either flying or walking in the air.
However, he only managed to complete half of each action before retracting his hand.
He tried more than ten times, which meant that he had fought more than ten times in the future. However, every time he saw the scene of his failure!
Dongfang Chunjun's Eight Trigrams was like an indestructible millstone.
Even though Luo Zheng's body had been greatly improved and he could swim freely in the sea of True Intent, he still couldn't withstand the crushing power of the Eight Trigrams.
After thirteen attempts, Dongfang Chunjun closed his eyes and retracted the light in his eyes.
He no longer tried to see the future so that Luo Zheng couldn't see it through his memories.
Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly. "Time is an interesting thing. If I don't look into the future, then the future is uncertain. You can attack me now."
The scene in Dongfang Chunjun's eyes was certain. In other words, if Luo Zheng attacked, he would definitely lose to Dongfang Chunjun.
However, if he didn't look into the future, then the future was uncertain.
Despite Dongfang Chunjun's words, Luo Zheng still didn't attack. He just stood there and stared at Dongfang Chunjun with a hint of hesitation in his eyes.
"You don't dare?" Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly.
Then, he gently raised his arm.
The Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent slowly flowed out of his hand.
Whoosh …
The black aura flowed down while the white aura flowed in the opposite direction. They kept gathering above Dongfang Chunjun. If Luo Zheng didn't attack, then Dongfang Chunjun would.
In fact, what Dongfang Chunjun was most wary of in this void was the True Demon's body, the coquettish red lotuses, and the cold ice flowers.
Especially after the True Demon's body was connected, its energy would transform and become inexhaustible. It was almost impossible to deal with.
However, after Emperor Hanqing severed the connection between the two, Dongfang Chunjun's ability could be unleashed. Moreover, the other True Demon's body had fallen into Heavenly Sword's hands.
The Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent flowed unceasingly, forming an Eight Trigrams that grew bigger and bigger. Floating above his head, it even emitted an indescribable aura!
The moment they felt that aura, Emperor Han Qing, that woman, Chen Huang Yijian, and the remaining Sages, quasi-sages, and Perfect True Gods finally realized Dongfang Chunjun's true strength!
"Crack!"
Dongfang Chunjun raised his head and looked at the huge Luo Zheng. He gently stretched out his palm and clasped his middle finger as if he was plucking the stars from the sky.
His movements were extremely gentle and slow, but the killing intent contained within them was extremely terrifying!
"Shua!"
As he plucked his finger, the Eight Trigrams above his head suddenly shook. A strange force crossed the void and headed straight for Luo Zheng!
"How is this possible?"
Luo Zheng's huge body shook violently. The tremor was like a landslide.
In his shock, he began to frantically retreat backwards …
"Pu!"
Even though Luo Zheng retreated in time, he failed to avoid Dongfang Chunjun's attack. His chest collapsed, too, and a finger mark dozens of meters wide and three hundred meters long appeared on his chest!
And this was Luo Zheng's huge and incomparably sturdy body.
If it were any other Saint, they would have been smashed into smithereens, and their souls would have been destroyed …
After forcing Luo Zheng back, Dongfang Chunjun didn't chase after him. With a faint smile on his face, he looked at Emperor Han Qing from afar and said, "You think you can control everything just because you saw through my memories?"
Emperor Han Qing's face froze in the face of Dongfang Chunjun's questioning. He gripped the Taihe Divine Spear tightly and said coldly, "So what if I am? I might not be your match outside, but here, what can you do to me? "
He could freely travel through space. No matter how strong Dongfang Chunjun was, he couldn't do anything to him …
"I let you go because I wanted to use you to cut off the connection of the True Demon body," Dongfang Chunjun said as his aura grew stronger. "Actually, in your previous life, you should have submitted to me. If that was the case, you would have become my right-hand man now … Unfortunately, you chose the wrong path and walked further and further down this path. What awaits you is only failure!"
"Hua …"
Dongfang Chunjun's voice trailed off.
The giant Eight Trigrams grew ten times larger and was still expanding at an unbelievable speed. From the looks of it, it was going to take over the entire Void!
Under the suppression of Dongfang Chunjun's powerful aura, everyone felt extremely small.
"The world is formless! Billions of mysteries arise from chaos. They become Yin and Yang, and also time … "
At this moment, Dongfang Chunjun seemed to be a different person floating in the Void. His aura was unfathomable, as if everything in the world existed because of his existence!
"This is the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng stepped back and looked at the scene in shock.
Emperor Han Qing's expression was also very ugly. "You, you've stepped into the Nirvana Realm?"
Dongfang Chunjun didn't even look at Emperor Han Qing. Instead, he looked up at the giant Eight Trigrams and murmured, "I've been drifting in the Sea of True Intent all these years. I've met countless extraordinary people on the Sea of True Intent … There's the successor of the Half Page Book, the elite disciples of the Wonder Gate Shaking Tower, and many, many more … Even the ones with the worst talent had already crossed the ninth stage of the Sea of True Intent and stepped onto the Nirvana Realm!
"I, Dongfang Chunjun, boast that I'm the most talented person in the Realm of the Gods, but I've been unable to cross the last threshold and step onto the Nirvana Realm …
"However, I met a close friend on the Sea of True Intent. He's been of great help to me. He taught me the Yin Yang World Transformation Technique, which allows me to use any part of the world …"
Even for the geniuses of the Mother World, it wasn't easy to cross the Sea of True Intent.
For example, the inner disciples of Taiyi Palace that Luo Zheng had met were now stuck at the first stage of the Sea of True Intent. Even Luo Zheng hadn't crossed it.
The further one went, the harder it got. Some people's boats of True Intent were even destroyed in the Sea of True Intent.
Especially the ninth stage of the Sea of True Intent. Around the ninth stage, more than 90% of the True Gods were trapped.
Although those who had stepped into the ninth stage of the Sea of True Intent were called half-step to the Nirvana Realm … compared to a true Nirvana Realm master, there was a world of difference!
As an "anomaly" in the Realm of the Gods, Dongfang Chunjun naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity to make friends with the geniuses of the Mother World.
Even if one of the geniuses taught him the Yin Yang World Transformation Technique, it would still cause great harm to him.
However, using this method would also cause great damage to Dongfang Chunjun. It would even affect the True Meaning boat that he had constructed, greatly slowing down the time he needed to cross the Nirvana Realm.

Chapter 2474
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Repeated Bombardment
The aura in this world was omnipresent.
Emperor Hanqing's expression turned ugly when he sensed the aura and endured its pressure.
He had endured for so many years, from the floating island to the Abyss Devil Realm, and even sacrificed three of his children …
He finally found an opportunity to explode in this void.
He had thought that he was invincible and did not even take Dongfang Chunjun seriously. Instead, he saw that woman as his greatest competitor.
Now, it seemed that his various schemes and schemes were extremely laughable!
Dongfang Chunjun's strength had long surpassed his imagination …
Dongfang Chunjun, who was floating in the air, only glanced at him indifferently, but he could feel a sense of disdain emanating from the entire world.
He had been reincarnated as a Saint, but Dongfang Chunjun did not treat him as a serious opponent at all …
Whoosh!
As the eight trigrams circled in the air, Dongfang Chunjun's gaze landed on Luo Zheng again. He spoke again. "To be able to raise such an outstanding son before his death, reaching Great Perfection in less than a hundred years and possessing the strength to kill a Saint … Although this is a miracle, I am not surprised … This is not Luo Xiao's work, but Luoshui's …"
Dongfang Chunjun's expression grew calmer as he spoke, but there was an indescribable jealousy in his eyes.
The most special woman in the Divine Realm was none other than Li Luoshui.
He had traversed the Sea of True Intent and constantly interacted with the people in the mother world. He had a general understanding of the structure and power of the entire mother world. He knew very well what kind of existence the Nine Li Clan was in the mother world and Li Luoshui's position in the Li Clan.
It was precisely because of Li Luoshui's excellence that he had never forced Li Luoshui. Instead, he had carefully protected her by his side …
"However, today, I will destroy this miracle with my own hands," Dongfang Chunjun said indifferently.
He wanted to cut off all of Li Luoshui's fetters and give her time to forget …
Whoosh!
Dongfang Chunjun gently raised his hand and flipped it. A black and white phantom spread out from behind him.
The phantom expanded to sixty thousand feet in size in an instant, as tall as Luo Zheng!
"Although I don't know how you became so big, I want to see who's stronger."
As soon as he finished speaking …
Dongfang Chunjun was already heading straight for Luo Zheng.
The Yin-Yang World Formation was similar to the world that a Saint possessed.. However, the Secondary Sage had used up all of his Dao Accumulations to construct it, while this Yin Yang World Transformation Great Law was constructed using the Yin Yang Chaos True Intent.
Whoosh!
Dongfang Chunjun's speed suddenly increased. Even though he was quite a distance away from Luo Zheng, he arrived in front of him in the blink of an eye.
At the same time, the phantom's Is That Art Translation Is Translation Translation is Is Is Is Is Translation translation? Is Is Is Is Is Translation?
No matter who it was, Luo Zheng's greatest reliance was his strength and physical body. However, Dongfang Chunjun chose to meet force with force. One could imagine how confident he was in his own strength.
Facing the punch from the shadow, Luo Zheng's broad arms blocked in front of him.
Is Is?'s? ", Is Is Is Is Is? Is Is Is Is Is?
This power did not originate from Dongfang Chunjun's own power. Instead, it came from this world. That was why this power was so unimaginably strong!
Boom!
Luo Zheng's arms flashed with a mysterious golden light. His body, which was larger than a mountain, retreated rapidly.
Dongfang Chunjun had a cold smile on his face. He planned to control the illusory figure to pursue and attack.
However, just as he took a step forward, his eyes narrowed slightly!
When the illusory figure's fist collided with Luo Zheng's, the golden light released by Luo Zheng's body didn't disappear. Instead, it entered the illusory figure and rapidly spread towards him!
"Interesting!"
Dongfang Chunjun also felt the domineering power of this golden light.
Previously, Mu Haiji had been severely injured by Luo Zheng's punch because of this golden light. Now, Dongfang Chunjun also took it very seriously.
Dongfang Chunjun gently flipped his hands, and a torrent of yin and yang roared out, heading straight for the golden light.
The golden light was the True Intent of Dao that Luo Zheng had tempered with his physical body, while Dongfang Chunjun's torrent of yin and yang was born from the True Intent of Yin-Yang Chaos!
Sizzle …
As the two collided, the golden light steadily gained the upper hand and completely eroded the torrent of yin and yang!
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun's expression changed slightly.
It was then that he realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. Shrinking his body, he quickly drilled out of the huge illusory figure and left the golden light in the illusory figure.
The golden light darted left and right in the illusory figure, and in just two or three breaths, the illusory figure was completely destroyed!
"It's quite strong, but it's only so-so," Luo Zheng smiled faintly from not far away.
In fact, even Luo Zheng himself was surprised by the power of the golden light. He didn't know what kind of True Intent of Dao this golden light was, but it was at least stronger than the "Natural Dao" and "Yin-Yang Chaos" that Luo Zheng had encountered before …
Dongfang Chunjun snorted coldly and said, "You only broke one of my yin and yang shadows. What about ten or twenty of them?"
As he spoke, Dongfang Chunjun raised his hand again.
As the huge Eight Trigrams above everyone's heads began to rotate, huge illusory figures began to appear around Luo Zheng …
When everyone saw the illusory figures that kept appearing, they were shocked to the extreme.
"The strength of each illusory figure is probably stronger than that of a Saint …"
"If Great Sage Chunjun had used this ability earlier, my father wouldn't have died."
"Hmph, do you think there's no price to pay for using such a powerful technique?"
The remaining people were also carefully discussing in the distance.
Boom!
Before Luo Zheng was ready, a huge illusory figure had already arrived in front of him, and a huge fist was already smashing toward him!
With a flash of golden light, Luo Zheng was once again sent flying by the huge force.
However, the collision produced a golden light that remained in the illusory figure's body, and this domineering golden light quickly tore the illusory figure into pieces!
However, Dongfang Chunjun didn't care at all …
After a huge illusory figure was torn apart, more illusory figures appeared!
Boom!
Boom!
"Boom …"
Just as Luo Zheng finished dealing with the illusory figure in front of him, another illusory figure's fists smashed into his back, then his side, and then his head …
Under the continuous attacks of more than ten illusory figures, Luo Zheng was also smashed into pieces!

Chapter 2475
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Can't escape.
Luo Zheng's mountain-like body was smashed down in the void, then smashed up again …
The others had already retreated far away, afraid that they would be affected.
No matter if they were hit by Luo Zheng's huge body or smashed by the shadows, they would probably end up with their souls destroyed.
However, Luo Zheng, who bore the brunt of it, did not look like he was in much pain.
Even 9527 could not tell what state his body was in. Similarly, 9527 did not know what True Meaning of Dao the golden light emitted from his body belonged to.
However, Luo Zheng found a pattern.
Previously, when his Weapon Body was being tempered, it would produce traces of Hong Meng Dipper. These Hong Meng Dipper were actually the power of the weapon refiner when he was being tempered.
Now, as he continuously withstood the attacks of the shadows, he felt that his body had absorbed part of the power and was rebounding it back …
The rebounding power should be the golden light emitted from the surface of his body!
"But I can't reflect all the power …"
Those shadows seemed to be endless. It seemed that Dongfang Chunjun would not stop until he smashed Luo Zheng's body into pieces.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was still able to withstand these attacks. However, after being hit many times, he began to feel a trace of soreness coming from his sturdy body. His Rage God Body was actually showing signs of instability!
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The sound of the collision between the illusory figure and the physical body reverberated in the void.
The shock on everyone's faces became more and more intense …
On one hand, they were shocked by Dongfang Chunjun's endless shadows. On the other hand, Luo Zheng's body was really unbelievable!
If each shadow was a full blow from a Sage, then Luo Zheng had withstood hundreds of attacks, and from the outside, he was still unscathed!
"Is this because he inherited the True Demon Body?" Someone revealed a greedy look.
"Impossible. The True Demon Body is most afraid of those red lotuses … It's the ability to control energy. Luo Zheng's body is already extremely terrifying …"
"But it's impossible for him to be so strong. He's only a Perfect True God. What kind of Divine Path did he cultivate to be so strong?"
"Don't forget that Luo Zheng fell into the red lotuses and was not burned to death. If you were burned by the red lotuses and did not die, you would probably also have such a strong body!"
Although some people couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng was so powerful, they were still very smart. Based on some clues, they made some correct inferences.
"Clang!"
When Luo Zheng was smashed and Luo Zheng, just as he rolled, two huge shadows, his chest.
The shadows were all under Dongfang Chunjun's control and were extremely agile. Luo Zheng had no ability to dodge at all. Under the joint attack of the two shadows, Luo Zheng's chest was severely shaken, and he felt something sweet in his throat.
"Cough …"
He spat out a large mouthful of blood, which turned into a golden drizzle that drifted through the air.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath …
"God 'Translation Translation Translation. com
He dispersed the power of the Rage God, and his body quickly shrank. In the blink of an eye, he had returned to his normal size.
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun was extremely satisfied.
Continuously creating those shadows consumed a lot of his energy. However, he and Luo Zheng were both holding on. It seemed that he had held on until the end!
"What an amazing body. I did not underestimate you. But now … you can die …" Dongfang Chunjun said.
As Dongfang Chunjun spoke, one of the huge phantoms reached out a hand toward Luo Zheng.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had crushed Mu Haiji, Dongfang Chunjun had done the same.
Luo Zheng had just dispersed the power of the Rage God when he saw the huge hand. He wanted to avoid it, but it was already too late …
"Luo Zheng!"
However, at that moment, Luo Zheng felt a spatial fluctuation in front of him. A spatial tunnel was traveling toward him and enveloping him.
He felt his vision blur. His entire body had changed directions, and he had arrived next to the woman.
"Are you alright?" the woman asked as she stared at Luo Zheng.
From the very beginning, her attention had never left Luo Zheng.
When she saw that Luo Zheng was in danger, she immediately used the clone of Emperor Hanqing to pull Luo Zheng over, allowing him to avoid being crushed!
How could Dongfang Chunjun not know what had happened when he saw the shadow he controlled miss? His gaze swept toward the woman, and a cold expression appeared on his face. "Woman, you're meddling in other people's business. Once I take control of the Abyss Demon Realm, I'll make you disappear from this world …"
As a vicious being of the Abyss Demon Realm, this woman could indeed resurrect an unlimited number of times. However, how could the master of the Abyss Demon Realm decide the fate of vicious beings?
"I told you, Luo Zheng is also very important to me. How can you say that I'm meddling in other people's business?" the woman sneered.
"Then both of you can die together …" Dongfang Chunjun reached out and clenched his fist again.
Another giant shadow appeared next to the woman, grabbing at Luo Zheng and the woman.
The clone of Emperor Hanqing behind the woman shook its spear, and the three of them entered the spatial tunnel …
The shadow's claw naturally missed again.
"Whoosh!"
In the blink of an eye, the three of them appeared on the other side of the tunnel.
However, as soon as they appeared, another illusory hand grabbed towards them!
"Oh no! I forgot that he could see the future! "Luo Zheng and the woman's expressions changed drastically.
Because Luo Zheng could check Dongfang Chunjun's memories, Luo Zheng could see the future he could see, so Dongfang Chunjun decided not to use this method.
However, Dongfang Chunjun was able to predict the location of the woman's greater teleportation. He was one step ahead of her and summoned a giant shadow. This claw was unavoidable!
"Let me …" the woman cried out.
However, Luo Zheng had already risen to his feet. "Crack!" With a loud sound, Luo Zheng was stuck between the giant shadow's hand like an unbreakable pillar.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng spat out another mouthful of blood. Under the pressure of this powerful force, he felt his muscles and bones tremble.
After dispersing the Rage God's body, Luo Zheng's body was still able to return a portion of the force, producing that domineering golden light. However, perhaps because he had been hit too many times, the golden light was now very weak and could not destroy this giant shadow!
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng raised his hand and reminded the woman, who was still in a daze.
The woman nodded. The clone of Emperor Hanqing behind her raised the Taihe Divine Spear, and the three of them disappeared from the giant hand again.
"Buzz!"
However, when the three of them teleported again, Dongfang Chunjun was still able to see their location. A shadow had already formed in advance and was heading towards the three of them.
"You leave first. I have a way to deal with this shadow!"
Luo Zheng said with a frown.

Chapter 2476
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Borrowing Force
Hearing Luo Zheng's unquestionable tone, the woman gritted her teeth and could only create another spatial passage.
She and Emperor Hanqing's clone instantly disappeared from Luo Zheng's side …
The moment she disappeared, the giant hand once again pinched Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered with a dark red luster, as resplendent as two rubies.
Hum …
The red-eyed, red-haired girl separated from Luo Zheng's body and floated behind him.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and a thin red lotus rapidly spread out around his arm, extending toward the illusory hand.
After he fused with the red-eyed girl, the two of them could share their energy.
The energy of the red-eyed girl's body had not been exhausted, so Luo Zheng did not use his Dao Connotation to produce red lotuses …
The moment the red lotuses came into contact with the illusory figure, they reacted violently!
The illusory figures summoned by Dongfang Chunjun were also a kind of energy. The red lotuses could transform all the energy they came into contact with. In the eyes of outsiders, the illusory figure was "ignited".
"Feng!"
In the blink of an eye, the giant illusory figure turned into a huge flaming person. Blazing heat spread out, illuminating everyone's faces red.
However, because Dongfang Chunjun's method was very special, although the illusory giant was tall, he did not invest much energy into it. Therefore, this huge humanoid flame only lasted for a few breaths before disappearing from everyone's sight.
After transforming the giant illusory figure, Luo Zheng's gaze swept over, and his face immediately sank.
It turned out that while Luo Zheng was transforming this giant, Dongfang Chunjun had transformed into another giant to deal with the woman!
Whoosh …
The moment the woman teleported out, a giant hand above her head had already slapped down.
She had seen the power of this illusory figure before. Seeing that she could not dodge, her eyes flashed with a ruthless look, and she began to frantically draw out the primal fear power in the black water region.
"Break for me!"
She stretched out her hand and pointed upward.
The Primordial Terror power that swarmed out had already transformed into a brown spear that was a thousand feet long and dozens of feet wide. As soon as the spear appeared, it stabbed upwards.
"This power is strange and powerful, but the method you used is too low-level …" Dongfang Chunjun narrowed his eyes in disdain.
This woman had the clone of Emperor Hanqing. It was indeed troublesome for her to fly around in this space. Since he couldn't kill Luo Zheng, he naturally had to kill this woman first.
In Dongfang Chunjun's eyes, the Primordial Fear Power was indeed an extremely powerful energy. It was much stronger than the Dao accumulations of other Saints. However, this woman was only using it for simple transformation and could not unleash its power.
"Crack!"
The moment the illusory giant's hand came into contact with the brown spear, some cracks appeared on the palm, but at the same time, the brown spear rapidly collapsed!
This woman's method of using Primordial Terror power was indeed at a relatively low level of Manifestation. After all, she had been focusing on the true demon body for so many years and hadn't studied the power of fear too much.
The brown spear shattered …
Without any obstruction, the shadow's giant hand slapped down on her head.
Whoosh!
Emperor Hanqing's clone raised the Taihe Divine Spear and was about to block when the woman said, "Let's go!"
"But …" Emperor Hanqing's clone hesitated.
Even if they teleported again, Dongfang Chunjun would be able to see where they teleported to in the future and chase after them. There was no point in fleeing in this space.
However, these replicas were absolutely obedient to this woman. Although they had the same intelligence as the original, their actual performance was restricted by the woman. From this point of view, the replicas of the Saints were inferior to the original. This was also the reason why the group of replicas of the Saints had been completely annihilated …
Emperor Hanqing's clone hesitated, but he still waved his spear. A spatial tunnel appeared, and the two of them were teleported away.
Just as Emperor Han Qing predicted, when they came out of the tunnel again, another giant palm came slapping at them. This time, the palm was so close that there was no room for them to dodge!
"Bang!"
The woman and Emperor Hanqing's clone took the full brunt of the attack. The power of the slap was terrifying, and the two of them were sent flying through the air, leaving trails of blood behind them.
Whoosh …
With a thought from Dongfang Chunjun, the huge shadow chased after him, and the other hand was about to land on his head.
At this moment, a series of thin brown lines shot out!
The brown lines were extremely sharp, and as they weaved together, they formed a giant spiderweb that blocked the path of the giant hand.
Ka ka ka ka …
The hand swept out, breaking all of the brown lines. However, each line was still able to leave a deep scar on the palm!
Because of the brown lines, the slap was slowed down. That was how the woman and Qing King's clone were able to escape.
The woman's body spun, and when she regained her footing, she saw that it was Chen Huang Yijian who had attacked.
From his standpoint, Chen Huang Yijian didn't want to help the woman, but he could see that Emperor Hanqing's clone, Emperor Hanqing's Taihe Divine Spear, was extremely important. Dongfang Chunjun must have wanted to kill her for that very reason …
At this critical moment, he had no choice but to intervene.
However, Chen Huang Yijian only managed to block it for a moment. The phantom waved its arms again, slapping at the woman from both sides.
This time, she didn't dare to let Emperor Hanqing's clone use Greater Teleportation. That would only make her more passive.
However, she couldn't resist the attack in front of her. She frowned slightly, and her eyes were filled with anxiety …
At that moment, Chen Huang Yijian suddenly said, "Blackwater Domain! Inject the Blackwater Domain's Primordial Fear power into me! "
Chen Huang Yijian had set up 128 longswords at the bottom of the Blackwater Domain, but he could only absorb a small portion of the Primordial Fear power.
It was precisely because it was so little that Chen Huang Yijian tried his best to unleash the power of the Primordial Fear power. Over the years, he had perfectly fused the Primordial Fear power with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
If Chen Huang Yijian used this Primordial Fear power, its power would far surpass this woman's.
This woman naturally knew that.
After all, she had borrowed Chen Huang Yijian's hundreds of thousands of clones. The Primordial Fear power was given to him to increase the strength of Chen Huang Yijian's clone.
Now that she heard Chen Huang Yijian's request, she didn't hesitate at all.

Chapter 2477
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Yin Yang Birth and Destruction Sword
Chen Huangyi had obtained almost all the power in the Black Water Domain.
At this moment, it could be said that he had replaced that woman and become the master of the Black Water Domain!
Hum!
As he gently flipped his longsword, there was no emotion in his eyes. The Dao of the Emotion Severing Divine Path was mixed with the rich primitive power of fear.
"God Yi Sword!"
Swoosh!
The longsword in Chen Huangyi's hand slashed out horizontally.
As all the primitive power of fear erupted, a sword light that was tens of thousands of feet wide spread out and cut toward the huge phantom at an incredible speed.
This brown sword light first swept past the phantom's arms, then its body, and then it kept pushing forward in the void …
Some Saints, quasi-Sages, and Perfected True Gods along the way felt the power of the sword light that kept pushing forward and were secretly shocked.
Was this a sword strike from a quasi-Sage?
The things that happened in the Abyss Demon Region had greatly subverted their understanding of strength!
After the phantom was cut by Chen Huangyi's sword, it quickly dissipated and disappeared …
When Dongfang Chunjun saw this scene, he frowned slightly. He did not pay too much attention to this person along the way. The only thing that left an impression on him was that the countless corpses buried under the snow mountain were exactly the same as this person.
Why did he suddenly appear? Moreover, looking at his ability, it seemed that he could completely borrow that woman's power …
"Heh, this doesn't change anything." Dongfang Chunjun looked at these people as if he was looking at ants. He had already used all his strength in that sword strike. How long could he resist?
Dongfang Chunjun stretched out his hand and gently pointed. Another phantom appeared, and this phantom slapped toward Chen Huangyi's sword!
Chen Huangyi's sword had already fallen into the "emotion severing" state. Facing the phantom, he did not have any emotional fluctuations. He just held his longsword horizontally and began to accumulate strength for the next strike.
The woman was still frowning. Even if she relied on Chen Huangyi's sword, it could only solve the urgent situation for a while. Although the primitive power of fear in the Black Water Domain was huge, it would eventually be exhausted.
At this moment, the woman suddenly heard a True Essence voice transmission. "Send it to Dongfang Chunjun. I'll deal with him!"
The woman turned her head to look at Luo Zheng in the distance with a puzzled look in her eyes. She responded, "But he can see the future … Even if I send you there, he will be able to discover it immediately. How can you deal with it?"
"Not necessarily." Luo Zheng smiled. "Just give it to me!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's confident answer, the woman was slightly stunned, but she still let Emperor Hanqing's clone do as he said.
After being slapped by the shadow, Emperor Hanqing's clone was also heavily injured. However, he was still a saint, so he could use the Taihe Divine Spear at will.
The Azure Thearch's clone pointed the Taihe Divine Spear at him, and a spatial tunnel enveloped him, sending him to Dongfang Chunjun.
At the same time, with a thought from Luo Zheng, the Imperial Jade Seal in his hand was activated.
Under the control of the imperial jade seal, all of the giant insects began to move, and in the blink of an eye, three breaths of time had passed!
Dongfang Chunjun also noticed the movements of Emperor Hanqing's clone. Seeing him hold the spear horizontally, Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed with a strange light, but soon his face was filled with astonishment.
The future he saw … had completely disappeared!
Luo Zheng used the Imperial Jade Seal to devour the next few breaths of time, so Dongfang Chunjun naturally couldn't see it.
However, the spatial tunnel had already been created, so Luo Zheng escaped Dongfang Chunjun's vision of the future and arrived behind him …
Dongfang Chunjun's reaction was not slow.
After all, he had seen Luo Zheng use the Imperial Jade Seal before, so when he saw that the future was empty, he already knew that Luo Zheng had used such a method!
In addition to the movement behind him, he almost reflexively turned around.
"Swoosh …"
A red lotus swept out and swept over Dongfang Chunjun's head.
As Dongfang Chunjun sank, the red lotus grew rapidly and shrouded him like a shadow …
Seeing that he couldn't avoid it, Dongfang Chunjun gritted his teeth and took out a cloth bag. The cloth bag opened wide, and rich Dao of Time escaped from it. Then, the bag covered one end of the red lotus.
The red lotus could transform all kinds of energy, but it was helpless against "time". After the red lotus at the front was covered, it was bound by time and naturally couldn't extend downward.
Because of the obstruction of the bag, Dongfang Chunjun was able to escape …
However, the red lotus was like a wild grass, its branches and tendrils were intricate. Even if Dongfang Chunjun's cloth bag blocked the first branch, the other branches and tendrils quickly extended downwards, turning into a larger cage to trap Dongfang Chunjun.
"Hmph!"
Dongfang Chunjun originally thought that he was invincible. There were three levels to the Yin Yang World Transformation. One of them was the Yin Yang Phantom. Although it was just an illusion, it was extremely powerful and powerful.
He originally thought that he could take care of all these people with one level of the Yin Yang Phantom. He didn't expect to encounter such a crisis. In anger, he gently clasped his hands, and the huge Eight Trigrams above the void rotated again.
Every time he used a level of the Yin Yang World Transformation Technique, the damage to his body would double! Seeing that the Yin Yang Phantom couldn't stop Luo Zheng, Dongfang Chunjun had no choice but to perform the second level.
"Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword!"
As the huge Eight Trigrams above slowly rotated, the aura it emitted became weaker and weaker. Correspondingly, a small Eight Trigrams appeared in Dongfang Chunjun's hand!
The aura of the huge Eight Trigrams condensed on the small Eight Trigrams.
"Whoosh!"
With the Eight Trigrams as the support, a black and white long sword extended out.
"Swoosh!"
After Dongfang Chunjun lifted the black and white long sword, he didn't retreat anymore. Instead, he pointed the tip of the sword at Luo Zheng.
The Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword could break the cycle of life, death, abnormality, and destruction. It demonstrated the true meaning of Yin Yang chaos to the extreme! Even if the red lotus could ignite all kinds of energy, he was confident that he could cut it in half.
Before Dongfang Chunjun slashed with the sword, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. Through Dongfang Chunjun's memory, he already saw the future. The red lotus could transform all kinds of energy, but it couldn't ignite the black and white long sword. Under the slash of the long sword, all the red lotuses were cut in half and turned into flames …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
This scene of the future was quickly realized.
Dongfang Chunjun wielded the two-colored long sword and stood up, destroying all the red lotuses. After destroying the red lotuses, Dongfang Chunjun was already charging at Luo Zheng!
"Let's see how you're going to block my sword!" Dongfang Chunjun smiled sinisterly.
In order to create this sword, he paid a corresponding price. He was going to make Luo Zheng pay for this price.
The Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword could destroy all kinds of things.
He didn't believe that Luo Zheng would be able to block his sword.
However, just as he finished speaking, there was a crisp "whoosh" …
Luo Zheng stood upright and held his sword horizontally, blocking Dongfang Chunjun's sword strike that was slashing towards him.

Chapter 2478
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Rebellion!
Dongfang Chunjun was a little surprised to see Luo Zheng block his Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword.
However, the moment he reacted, the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword twisted like a small snake, slipping away from Luo Zheng's Chengying Sword and stabbing toward Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's face was calm. He swung the Chengying Sword backward and deflected Dongfang Chunjun's attack.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Clang! The two of them began to fight in close combat.
Luo Zheng's sword moves were firm and decisive, while Dongfang Chunjun's sword moves were soft and continuous.
Although Dongfang Chunjun could see the future, Luo Zheng could see through his memories and see through Dongfang Chunjun's every move.
Therefore, the two of them fought back and forth as if their sword moves were predetermined. They fought back and forth like two friends who had been familiar with each other for many years, and their coordination was seamless.
The surrounding people were dumbfounded. They thought that they were really just sparring.
"Buzz …"
Every time Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword, the sword blade was infused with fused energy. In terms of pure power, it was extremely frightening. The red lotus coiled around the body of the Shadow Bearing Sword.
Although the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword was powerful, every time it collided with Luo Zheng's Chengying Sword, the black and white light on the sword trembled slightly and then dimmed.
If the collision continued, the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword would collapse sooner or later!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng became more and more courageous as the battle went on …
Dongfang Chunjun frowned slightly. Although he still looked calm, his heart was full of worry. If this continued, the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword would collapse sooner or later.
The red lotus was not scary, but it was infused with Luo Zheng's Taoist Connotation. He could not resist it!
What the hell? How could he?
Luo Zheng knew what Dongfang Chunjun was thinking. His attacks became even fiercer!
Clang!
Clang!
Clang!
Even though Dongfang Chunjun managed to block the middle part of the sword, the sword light on both sides still spread out at an unbelievable speed …
Dongfang Chunjun, on the other hand, retreated step by step, and the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword in his hand became dimmer and dimmer!
If this continued, he would definitely lose.
This …
Dongfang Chunjun couldn't believe that his most prided technique was no match for Luo Zheng.
"Buzz …"
At this moment, Hua Tianming finally finished fusing with the blue-eyed girl.
He gently raised his hand, and pieces of exquisite ice flowers danced around his wrist, emitting traces of astonishing cold air.
Hua Tianming stared at the ice flower and muttered, "This blue-eyed girl completely stilled the energy, causing the energy to fall into an absolute low temperature …"
"Sky Sword! Help me! "
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes lit up when he saw Hua Tianming.
Those remaining sages, quasi-sages, and perfected true gods were no longer able to help him. These people had long been scared out of their wits by the power of the burning red lotus.
However, Hua Tianming had fused with the blue-eyed true demon's body. Perhaps he could resist Luo Zheng!
Hua Tianming heard Dongfang Chunjun's call and turned to look at him, a strange look in his eyes.
Seeing this, the woman was also very anxious. This kid called Sky Sword had fused with the blue-eyed girl by accident. If he joined forces with Dongfang Chunjun, how could Luo Zheng defeat him?
Emperor Hanqing had been silently observing Dongfang Chunjun and Luo Zheng. He was being watched by the woman, so it was indeed difficult for him to find an opportunity. However, once the opportunity presented itself, he would attack without hesitation!
Hua Tianming floated toward the two fighting fiercely. At the same time, he shook his right hand slightly, revealing his right arm.
It turned out that there were circles of golden bandages around his right arm. These bandages were engraved with mysterious divine runes.
These divine runes were engraved on by Hua Tianming in the Divine Dominion.
He traveled alone in the Divine Dominion. Carrying the Sword of Tengshe with him would be too easy to be targeted. After sneaking into the Dongfang family, he might be exposed because of this sword. Therefore, he sealed the Sword of Tengshe on his right arm.
As Hua Tianming untied the bandages on his right arm, a vast aura emanated from it.
Although the huge eight trigrams in the sky exuded a powerful aura, this vast aura was not weak at all!
As the golden light on the surface of his right arm flashed, the Sword of Tengshe appeared in his hand.
Under the dazzling golden light, it was like a brilliant sun in the sky!
"That sword …"
"I've never seen Sky Sword with such a treasure!"
"Is this sword also a faith treasure?"
After sensing the aura of Hua Tianming's Sword of Tengshe, some people were confused.
Although Sky Sword was valued by Dongfang Chunjun, he was only a Perfected True God in the Dongfang family. In terms of status, he was definitely not as high as Dongfang Taiqing.
Where did this guy get such a treasure?
After seeing the Sword of Tengshe, Dongfang Chunjun's expression froze slightly.
Luo Zheng's Chengying Sword was already very powerful and could clash head-on with his Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword. However, Sky Sword's sword was even more extraordinary than Luo Zheng's sword?
Hum!
With the Sword of Tengshe in his hand, Hua Tianming flew over in the sky and stopped between the two of them.
"You and I will work together to kill this guy and strip the True Demon body from his body. Then, the two True Demon bodies will combine into one and belong to you!" Dongfang Chunjun said.
Dongfang Chunjun himself could not inherit the True Demon body. In his heart, the ideal people were Dongfang Taiqing and Sky Sword.
Hua Tianming shook the Sword of Tengshe slightly and pointed it at Luo Zheng.
Wisps of frost appeared on the surface of the Sword of Tengshe, and tiny ice crystals quietly formed.
Luo Zheng looked at Hua Tianming and raised his eyebrows slightly …
If Hua Tianming killed him, he could indeed inherit the complete True Demon body. If he chose to betray him at this moment, the consequences would be unimaginable!
Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly and was about to work together with Sky Sword.
However, Hua Tianming changed his direction and pointed the tip of his sword at Dongfang Chunjun.
The other people in the void also had baffled expressions on their faces.
Including Emperor Hanqing and that woman …
Of course, everyone's feelings were naturally different.
"Sky Sword? Why is he pointing his sword at Dongfang Chunjun? "
"Isn't he a Perfected True God in the Dongfang family?"
"Dongfang Taiqing has been suspicious of this person for a long time, saying that there's something wrong with Sky Sword's background … I didn't expect that suspicion to be true."
Mu Xuerong and Dongfang Taiqing had a good relationship, so she naturally knew what was going on. However, this was the Dongfang family's matter, so outsiders would naturally not ask. Now that Dongfang Taiqing had fallen, there was indeed something wrong with Sky Sword.
"Sky Sword, what is the meaning of this?"
Dongfang Chunjun's face sank. At this moment, he thought of Dongfang Taiqing.
Before this, Dongfang Taiqing had been suspicious of Sky Sword's background, but he did not think so. He thought that Dongfang Taiqing felt that his position had been shaken by Sky Sword and was jealous of Sky Sword, so he would naturally exclude Sky Sword.
The key point was that Dongfang Chunjun thought that even if there was something wrong with Sky Sword's background, he could suppress it. After all, Sky Sword was only a Perfected True God.
Let alone a Perfected True God, he had the ability to control a Quasi-Saint or Saint!

Chapter 2479
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Refining
Hua Tianming's gaze was slightly uneasy.
He then replied, "We have different standpoints."
"Standpoints? What standpoints! "Dongfang Chunjun's eyes were filled with disappointment." I, Dongfang Chunjun, have treated you well! "
When Hua Tianming entered the Dongfang family's floating island, he had indeed received resources and training from the Dongfang family. At least he could enter those forbidden areas smoothly, and Dongfang Chunjun had even personally granted him a marriage.
Hua Tianming shook his head slightly and said, "My name is not Sky Sword. My name is … Hua Tianming. I come from the Great Yan Universe."
Hearing this answer, Dongfang Chunjun was slightly stunned. His gaze immediately became deep and cold. At the same time, a self-mocking smile appeared on his face. "Great Yan Universe … You were also trained by Luo Xiao?"
"Yes," Hua Tianming replied firmly.
"Hahaha …"
Dongfang Chunjun's laughter grew louder and louder.
There was a strong sense of defeat in his heart, and it was not Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming who made him feel defeated, but Luo Xiao himself.
"Luo Xiao is really a good schemer. He's been dead for so long, but he still managed to scheme against me …" Dongfang Chunjun muttered.
As soon as he finished speaking, Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed.
The Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword in his hand grew to three feet, and stabbed toward Hua Tianming at an unbelievable speed.
"Watch out!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. The red lotus fire surrounding the Chengying Sword flashed, and he also stabbed with his sword.
However, Hua Tianming was extremely close to Dongfang Chunjun. Under such a sneak attack, Luo Zheng's sword was already too late.
Hua Tianming's expression was still calm. A unique light flashed in his eyes, and an irresistible aura emanated from his body.
Under the influence of this aura, no one could attack him.
If it had been anyone else, this sword would not have been able to pierce through!
However, Dongfang Chunjun was not an ordinary person. His Yang Soul was extremely close to the Nirvana Realm, and was much stronger than an ordinary Yang Soul.
The aura emanating from Hua Tianming's body only slowed down Dongfang Chunjun's movements slightly, but the Yin-Yang Creation Sword still went straight for him.
However, because of this slight delay, Hua Tianming had time to react.
Buzz!
"Only the Extraordinary Thunder can be broken!"
Tengshe's sword was covered in ice flakes, and at the same time, there were traces of strange lightning bursting forth …
Back in Huan Yu, Hua Tianming was still unable to unleash the full power of Sword Tengshe.
But it was just different from the past. The Hua Tianming of today was far beyond what it had been in the past!
Boom!
When the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Swords clashed with Tengshe's sword, Dongfang Chunjun felt an icy aura coming from his hand, as if it was going to freeze him.
Not only that, but the bolts of lightning also rose against the momentum and swarmed toward Dongfang Chunjun. The bolts of lightning were like the fangs of a giant beast, trying to devour Dongfang Chunjun!
"This is the lightning punishment of the Governing Slate!"
Dongfang Chunjun looked like he had seen a ghost when he saw the lightning.
Among all the Saints, Dongfang Chunjun had changed the laws the most. Naturally, he was the most familiar with the lightning punishment of the Governing Slate. This lightning punishment was an existence that could not be resisted …
Back then, there were Saints who had racked their brains to avoid the punishment of the Governing Slate. However, until now, no one had succeeded. Therefore, after the Governing Slate sent down the lightning punishment, many Saints had been tied up.
The lightning punishment released by Hua Tianming might not be as powerful as the Governing Slate, but the aura was exactly the same.
Dongfang Chunjun could only retreat quickly due to his fear!
However, just as he retreated, Luo Zheng on the other side quickly followed.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng's sword came over with momentum, the power was also extremely great.
Dongfang Chunjun saw that it was difficult to dodge and had no choice but to raise his sword to block!
Clang!
The swords collided, and the light on the Yin Yang Creation and Destruction Sword dimmed again. However, Dongfang Chunjun also sank and distanced himself from Luo Zheng again.
However, Hua Tianming had already circled around and stabbed at Dongfang Chunjun from the other side …
Dongfang Chunjun was already unable to deal with Luo Zheng. Now that Hua Tianming was involved, the pressure on him multiplied!
Clang clang clang clang …
He used all his skills and moved between the gaps between the two of them.
In terms of sword techniques, Dongfang Chunjun was stronger than the two of them. After all, he had been immersed in it for countless times longer than Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming combined. He had encountered all kinds of dangerous situations.
However, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's abilities were extraordinary. Moreover, the two of them had combined the abilities of the two girls. Their power was so great that ordinary Saints would not be able to withstand it!
Although Dongfang Chunjun could see the future, Luo Zheng could read memories, so it was difficult for him to use this ability.
For a time, Dongfang Chunjun was also in danger …
The people from the Wealthy Alliance saw this and were also worried.
After all, they were trapped here, and their only hope was Dongfang Chunjun. Now that even Dongfang Chunjun was in danger, how could they escape?
"Hmph!"
Dongfang Chunjun swatted away Luo Zheng's sword. Suddenly, a black light appeared in his palm and shot toward Hua Tianming.
Whoosh!
The black light shot forward and knocked Hua Tianming away.
Dongfang Chunjun took the opportunity to quickly retreat. He could only use this dangerous move to get rid of these two troublesome juniors!
However, just as he moved a certain distance away, he suddenly felt a spatial power sweep past him and envelop him …
The scene in front of him changed, and Luo Zheng was already slashing toward him!
"Emperor Hanqing! You! "
Dongfang Chunjun was instantly furious.
He had just managed to put some distance between them, but Emperor Hanqing used a spatial passage to send him in front of Luo Zheng again!
Emperor Hanqing had a smug expression on his face …
His goal was also the True Demon Body, but he was more willing to give Dongfang Chunjun a push at a critical moment.
Seeing Emperor Hanqing's actions, the woman's eyes lit up.
She might not be able to intervene in the battle between the three of them, but she could use the Divine Spear of Taihe to help Luo Zheng.
Whoosh, whoosh, clang!
Dongfang Chunjun's Yin Yang Creation Sword was already very dim.
In the face of Luo Zheng's ferocious attacks, the black and white longsword finally shattered into pieces and gathered in the giant eight trigrams above.
Luo Zheng pointed his longsword at Dongfang Chunjun, and Hua Tianming blocked Dongfang Chunjun's path of retreat.
"It's over," Luo Zheng said calmly.
For some reason, Luo Zheng finally had a chance to kill his enemy, but he was unusually calm.
Dongfang Chunjun stared at Luo Zheng. Even though Luo Zheng only had the face of a young man, he could still vaguely see Luo Xiao's shadow …
"It's over?" Dongfang Chunjun exhaled quietly. As if he had made up his mind, he suddenly laughed wildly. "Good … It's about time to end it!"
He waved his hands …
The eight trigrams in the sky began to spin again.
"Heaven and earth as the furnace, Yin and Yang as the charcoal, all things as the copper …" Dongfang Chunjun slammed his hands together and shouted, "I am the craftsman, forge!"
Whoosh …
The aura in the sky suddenly became more than ten times stronger than before!

Chapter 2480
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The Vortex of Inescapable
The Yin Yang World Transformation Technique was extremely powerful.
However, there weren't many people in the Mother World who cultivated this technique …
This was because this technique was too damaging to the Yang soul. The first level of Yin Yang Phantom and Yin Yang Birth and Destruction were still fine. The damage to the Yang soul was limited and could be repaired after many years of recuperation.
However, the third level of Yin Yang Cauldron was a forbidden technique.
To use this technique, one had to pay the price of one's own Yang soul to completely expel the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning!
In the Mother World, this technique wasn't used to defend against enemies most of the time, but to refine artifacts!
In order to refine peerless divine weapons, some large factions would specially nurture such disciples and teach them True Meaning. They would then lead them into a sea of True Meaning and finally force them to use the Yin Yang Cauldron!
Some powerful factions had even used up to a hundred Perfected True Gods to use the Yin Yang Cauldron to refine some materials that were extremely difficult to refine. The price they paid was the lives of these Perfected True Gods.
"Phew …"
This time, as the eight trigrams rotated, the entire void began to rotate as well.
"I'm also being rotated?" A Perfected True God looked at the eight trigrams and said in a daze.
"Could it be that Great Sage Chunjun is refining us as well?" Another Quasi-Sage said with a gloomy expression.
"Sacrificing us? That's not fair!" Mu Xuerong's beautiful eyes were filled with fear.
She didn't know what price Dongfang Chunjun would have to pay to use this technique or if he could be revived, but she was definitely going to die in this void!
Everyone in the void was in a spiral.
And Dongfang Chunjun was the center of this spiral …
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming saw that the situation wasn't good. One in front and one behind, they raised their swords and stabbed at Dongfang Chunjun.
However, Dongfang Chunjun's body seemed to have entered a state of nothingness. The two swords stabbed one after the other and intersected with a "ping" sound.
At the same time, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming felt a powerful gravitational force. This gravitational force wanted to keep the two of them in Dongfang Chunjun's body!
Hua Tianming tried to pull Sword Tengshe out of Dongfang Chunjun's body, but it didn't move!
Seeing that Hua Tianming and his sword were about to be sucked into Dongfang Chunjun's body, Luo Zheng Gritted his teeth, and the Cheng Ying Sword in his hand.
"Clang!"
It could be said that he had used all his strength in this collision and forcibly knocked the Soaring Serpent Sword out of Dongfang Chunjun's body. Under the excessive force, the Chengying Sword actually broke!
. Luo Zheng's Luo Sword was the Yue's God Art. Was Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's Sword. Luo Zheng God God, Liu Luo Luo God Atlas God God Liu Luo Li, Nin Yang Liu God.
Luo Zheng couldn't care less. He gave up on Cheng Ying Sword and flew backward with Hua Tianming. They ran away from Dongfang Chunjun against the gravitational force.
Dongfang Chunjun stood in the air. When he saw this scene, a crazy smile appeared on his face. He didn't chase after Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming. Instead, he let out a wild laugh. "Hehehehe, run, run … Where can you run to?"
From Dongfang Chunjun's point of view, no matter how far they ran, they would eventually be involved …
"Huff …"
"Huff …"
"Huff …"
Everyone in the void was spinning around Dongfang Chunjun. Their speed was getting faster and faster. It was as if there was an invisible whirlpool trapping everyone inside.
"Run to the edge!"
Mu Xuerong realized that they couldn't just sit around and wait for death. She called on the remaining people to try and break out.
They could still resist the gravitational force easily. Those who reacted quickly flew into the distance …
In the beginning, these people were extremely fast!
However, after flying for some distance, they felt the gravitational force double!
"The gravitational force is getting stronger …"
"I, I can't get out. How can this be …"
A quasi-saint was originally extremely far away from Dongfang Chunjun. However, after he rushed out for more than a hundred miles, he felt that the surrounding space was abnormally viscous. Even if he used all his strength to fly, his speed was like a snail. It was extremely difficult to move an inch forward.
Soon …
They found that there was an invisible boundary erected at the edge of the whirlpool. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn't cross this invisible boundary!
"Luo Zheng, let's go!"
When the woman saw this, she ordered Emperor Hanqing's clone to create a space passage. This space passage enveloped Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming at the same time. In the blink of an eye, the two had teleported to her side. Chen Huang Yijian also rushed over.
Emperor Hanqing's clone shook the Taihe Divine Spear lightly. The Taihe Divine Spear once again created an invisible space passage. This space passage was connected to the space outside the whirlpool. Then, the five of them entered the space passage together …
Emperor Hanqing stared at Dongfang Chunjun, a trace of haze in his eyes.
He wanted Dongfang Chunjun and Luo Zheng to fight until both sides were injured, but he didn't expect Dongfang Chunjun to be so useless. He didn't even have a chance to do anything.
However, Dongfang Chunjun would have to pay a great price for using such a method. He even suspected that Dongfang Chunjun wouldn't be able to be reborn in the universe!
At least this guy was dead …
However, Emperor Hanqing couldn't be satisfied with this reward.
He had been a saint for two lifetimes. He knew that he was the ruler of the divine realm. He was extremely unwilling to accept that the true demon body had been taken by Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. However, even Dongfang Chunjun wasn't a match for them. He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to deal with them. It seemed that he had to find another opportunity!
Thinking of this, he unhurriedly shook the Supreme Harmony Divine Spear and was about to leave through space.
"Brother Emperor Hanqing, can you take me with you? When we return to the floating island, the Bai Family will definitely thank you greatly, "said a long-haired Taoist behind Emperor Hanqing.
He was a secondary saint of the Bai Family.
He saw that everyone else was trapped in the whirlpool and knew that he couldn't leave on his own. He saw that woman take Luo Zheng and the others away, and now that Emperor Hanqing was leaving as well, he naturally wanted to hitch a ride.
Emperor Hanqing snorted coldly. Why would he pay attention to this person? A surge of the Space Divine Dao dissipated, then he disappeared from the secondary saint's sight.
He shuttled through space, then suddenly slammed into an invisible wall. With a muffled groan, he stumbled out of the tunnel.
Emperor Hanqing's expression changed drastically when he saw that!
He couldn't leave through the tunnel either. He was still trapped in the whirlpool!
On the other side, the woman, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Chen Huang's expressions were unsightly.
"We can't escape even if we use the tunnel," said the woman with a frown.

Chapter 2481
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Despair
Hua Tianming stared at Dongfang Chunjun in the distance and said, "With Dongfang Chunjun's personality, he must have calculated that we won't be able to escape if he used this ability."
"But we can't just sit here and wait," Chen Huang Yijian said.
Luo Zheng looked at the eight trigrams in the sky and said, "The eight trigrams are getting smaller …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, everyone looked up.
The huge Eight Trigrams was still spinning like a millstone, and everyone was spinning around Dongfang Chunjun under the influence of the Eight Trigrams.
The result was predictable. Everyone would be pulled to the center of the whirlpool.
At this moment, the other side of the whirlpool flashed with a bright light, and an extremely powerful spatial ripple spread out.
Even though they were separated by quite a distance, everyone could still feel the intense spatial fluctuations.
When the light dimmed, Emperor Hanqing's figure was revealed.
Emperor Hanqing was holding the Taihe Divine Spear. His arms were shaking, and his face was green.
He had used all his power, but he still couldn't break the edge of the whirlpool!
The woman saw this and shook her head. She wanted Emperor Hanqing's clone to try again, but it seemed that was no longer necessary.
"Hahaha … Emperor Hanqing, you think you can escape from this cauldron? You're dreaming!" Dongfang Chunjun laughed.
Saying that, he moved the eight trigrams in the sky again. The eight trigrams spun even faster, and the edge of the whirlpool quickly shrank …
The Wealthy Alliance, Emperor Hanqing, Luo Zheng, and the others all tried to stay close to the edge, but they were like boats in a whirlpool. No matter how hard they paddled, they couldn't escape.
In just a few seconds, the whirlpool that was hundreds of miles wide had shrunk by half …
"What do we do? Are we going to die here? "
"Great Sage Chun Jun, we are all members of the League of Wealthy Clans. For the sake of our past relationship, please let us go!"
"Dongfang Chunjun, we followed you, and you want to sacrifice our lives? You're the leader of the Wealthy Alliance!"
The Wealthy Alliance people were devastated.
They worked so hard to follow Dongfang Chunjun to the Abyss Demon Area. Not only did they not get any benefits, but they were also sacrificed by Dongfang Chunjun. How could they be willing?
But Dongfang Chunjun's expression didn't change.
He was an ambitious person. Now that he had sacrificed himself, why would he pity these people? Translation by: Translation by Translation
As he kept moving his hands, the whirlpool shrank faster and faster.
Fifty miles …
Eighty miles …
Fifty …
Everyone was confined to a small area and was spinning at high speed. Everyone's face was very ugly.
Although they were different, they didn't want to fight. they were all to break the Yin Yang cauldron!
But even Emperor Hanqing and the others couldn't do anything. Ordinary Sages and Secondary Sages could only watch helplessly.
Luo Zheng stared at the Eight Diagrams above with a glimmer of light in his eyes. Then, he said loudly, "We can't just sit here and wait for death! "If I'm not mistaken, the eight trigrams above us are actually a giant formation. If we use our full strength and destroy it, the Yin Yang Cauldron will collapse on its own!"
Everyone's eyes lit up at Luo Zheng's words.
They weren't sure if they could destroy the eight trigrams, but it was better than doing nothing.
"That's right! If we work together, we should be able to escape with our lives! "Emperor Hanqing raised his eyebrows and said with a smile.
Luo Zheng glanced at Emperor Hanqing. With a flip of his hand, a longsword appeared in his grasp.
Buzz!
The energy of the Dao Fusion burst forth, and red lotuses began to grow.
That woman …
Emperor Hanqing's clone …
Chen Huangyi's sword and Hua Tianming also began to gather power.
Emperor Hanqing himself was ready as well.
The members of the Wealthy Clan Alliance didn't directly respond to Luo Zheng. After all, they were still wary of Fang Chunjun. However, they all made their preparations and waited for action.
Even Mu Xuerong's eyes flashed with killing intent. The two short swords in her hands began to glow with a faint red light. Even in her wildest dreams, she had never imagined that after all this slaughter, she would end up standing on the same side as Luo Zheng.
Dongfang Chunjun didn't care about the alliance's feelings. He didn't blame them for betraying him.
"Attack!"
Luo Zheng shouted and swung his longsword.
"Godly Yi Sword!"
A wide sword beam whistled through the air, heading straight for the sky.
At the same time that Luo Zheng shouted, the others all made their moves ….
In order to escape with their lives, no one held back. Everyone attacked with everything they had.
Sword lights, saber lights, hand seals, flames, lightning …. Ear-Piercing whistles rang out as they shot through the air.
Whoosh!
Rumble ….
Whoosh ….
There were less than thirty people left in the Wealthy Clan Alliance. However, there were three Sages and a dozen or so Quasi-Sages. Their attacks were earth-shattering, and they even faintly suppressed the Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent emanating from the eight trigrams!
Everyone's gazes were focused on the eight trigrams, their eyes filled with concern.
The first to charge toward the eight trigrams was Luo Zheng's sword light ….
However, this sword light was like a pebble thrown into a lake. It only caused a slight ripple before it was swallowed up by the eight trigrams.
"It's useless …." Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Everyone was also very disappointed.
However, at that moment, a small crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the eight trigrams. This crack quickly spread toward the center of the eight trigrams.
Immediately afterward, everyone else's attacks also charged toward the eight trigrams. This crack also rapidly expanded.
"It succeeded?"
"It really can be torn open!"
"This Yin-Yang Cauldron can't even withstand a single blow!"
Everyone's eyes lit up with hope.
Some swallowed pills, some burned their blood essence, and some even used secret techniques to jointly launch a second round of attacks.
Under everyone's joint efforts, the crack on the eight trigrams grew larger and larger. Just as the crack was about to cut the eight trigrams in half, Dongfang Chunjun sneered again. "Haha! How naive! "
As soon as Dongfang Chunjun finished speaking, the Yin and Yang sides of the eight trigrams suddenly flowed together. Under the fusion of Yin and Yang, the crack that was originally broken disappeared without a trace ….
Seeing this scene, everyone below fell silent. They had just found a way out, only to find that it was a cliff. Anyone would feel incomparably desperate.
"It's useless …."
"This Yin and Yang Cauldron is a fusion of Yin and Yang. It complements each other and grows endlessly. I'm afraid we can't break it."
"…"

Chapter 2482
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Mu Xuerong died.
The aura emitted by the Yin Yang Cauldron was originally scattered over a wide area.
But at this moment, it became more and more concentrated …
The Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning that enveloped them became more and more condensed, as if it had substance. The pressure exerted on everyone's heads also became greater and greater.
The Sages and Quasi-Sages could still withstand it.
But a portion of the Perfected True Gods could no longer bear it.
Mu Xuerong's face was deathly pale.
She took out a small jade pendant from her Sumeru Space. After gently covering it with both hands, the jade pendant emitted a gentle soul power.
This jade pendant was given to her by her father to protect her life, and it contained an ownerless soul of a Sun God.
After placing the jade pendant on her forehead, she resisted the pressure of the Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning, and her complexion became slightly better.
But the soul power in the jade pendant was ultimately limited. After wearing it for two or three breaths, the jade pendant's surface rapidly dimmed.
Mu Xuerong could still rely on her soul magic treasure to withstand it, but the other Perfected True Gods were not so lucky.
A Perfected True God from the Zhao Family's eyes bulged. He gritted his teeth, and his eyes made cracking sounds. He did not have a soul magic treasure, so he could only endure it!
When he reached his limit, he suddenly let out a strange cry. His eyes rolled back, and his soul completely collapsed.
"Whoosh …"
He could not resist the gravitational force from the center of the vortex and floated toward Dongfang Chunjun's body. His entire body burrowed into Dongfang Chunjun's body, becoming one with him …
"Ahhh!"
A Perfected True God from the Fang Family could no longer endure the torture of the pressure. As if he had lost his mind, he roared wildly and charged toward Dongfang Chunjun's body.
The moment he burrowed into Dongfang Chunjun, he chose to self-destruct!
A Perfected True God's inner world was already quite perfect. The power of self-destruction was not to be underestimated.
Boom!
Following a deafening roar, Dongfang Chunjun's entire body was enveloped in a dazzling light.
But a strange scene occurred. The shock wave that erupted actually gathered inwardly and did not spread out at all …
"Was it absorbed by Dongfang Chunjun?"
"He can even absorb the shock wave from self-destruction …"
"What technique is this!"
Seeing this scene, everyone felt even more despair.
Luo Zheng also frowned slightly. After the Chengying Sword was broken, he directly abandoned it in Dongfang Chunjun's body. The Chengying Sword also disappeared. It should have been absorbed by Dongfang Chunjun.
His Yin Yang Furnace Cauldron could refine anything, so what would it refine in the end?
From the looks of it, Dongfang Chunjun's choice was to perish together with his opponent. Even if he refined the item, he would not be able to obtain it himself.
"I, I'll fight you to the death!"
Another Perfect Real God could not take it anymore. He took out a crimson broadsword and transformed into a beam of red light that charged toward Dongfang Chunjun.
However, he rushed into Dongfang Chunjun's body with his saber and disappeared.
Dongfang Chunjun's body was like a black hole, swallowing everything near him.
As the whirlpool continued to shrink, the aura of the Eight Trigrams above grew stronger and stronger.
"Crack!"
A crack finally appeared on the jade pendant between Mu Xuerong's eyebrows. This soul magic tool had clearly reached its limit.
Thinking about how she was going to die today, a trace of heartfelt sorrow appeared in her heart.
At the last moment, her gaze finally fell on Luo Zheng.
He was the person she wanted to kill at first sight. Before she died, Mu Xuerong suddenly felt relieved. She suddenly felt that her hostility toward Luo Zheng was particularly laughable.
For so many years …
The Mu family followed the Dongfang family's lead.
Her father also followed in Dongfang Chunjun's footsteps.
Although they had obtained many benefits, they were still only vassals of the Dongfang family.
Mu Xuerong, on the other hand, wholeheartedly worked for the family and firmly stood on the side of the Wealthy Alliance.
She did not expect that in the end, she would end up in such a state. She was actually going to die at the hands of Dongfang Chunjun.
She was just a tool of the Mu family.
Thinking about it was laughable.
Her hatred toward Luo Zheng was even more laughable.
Putting aside this hatred, Luo Zheng was really an outstanding person. Her sister had good taste. She should not have put Mu Ning under house arrest on the floating island.
Perhaps because she was regretful, at the last moment, she actually flew toward Luo Zheng.
Seeing Mu Xuerong fly toward him, Luo Zheng had a vigilant expression. Among the Perfect True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance, the one who wanted to kill him the most was this woman. Only the heavens knew what she would do.
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Huff, huff …"
Mu Xuerong panted lightly. She forced herself to say, "Can I ask you for something?"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
"If you … If you can leave alive, can you take my sister away from the floating island?" Mu Xuerong said.
Luo Zheng had a surprised expression. He did not expect Mu Xuerong to say something like this at the last moment.
"I beg you! I, Mu Xuerong, have never begged anyone in my life! "Mu Xuerong said again.
A pleading expression appeared on her capable and delicate face.
Luo Zheng had never seen Mu Xuerong make such an expression before. Suddenly, he felt somewhat moved.
Although he did not know what kind of changes had occurred in this woman's heart …
"Looks like I can't leave either," Luo Zheng said with a bitter smile.
"Promise me, you just have to promise me!" Mu Xuerong urged anxiously.
Under the enormous pressure, she could already hear the sound of her soul shattering. She could not hold on for much longer …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The corner of Mu Xuerong's mouth faintly curled up as a forced smile appeared on her peerlessly beautiful face.
In terms of appearance, Mu Xuerong was more stunning than Mu Ning. She was always filled with vitality that could not be ignored. However, she was too strong. Most men did not dare to look at her directly. Most of the time, they treated her as a man.
After revealing that smile, her eyes suddenly lost their luster. Her entire body was like a falling leaf, sucked in by the great whirlpool. She flew straight toward Dongfang Chunjun and entered his body …
Mu Xuerong was the last Perfect True God to fall.
As the great whirlpool shrank to five kilometers in width …
Now, it was the turn of the quasi-sages who were barely holding on!
"Who can save me!?"
"Damned Dongfang Chunjun, you will die a horrible death!"
"I am unwilling to die at the hands of my own people!"
Some of these quasi-sages howled in grief, some remained silent, and there were even some who were trying to think of a way to resolve this crisis.
In the Realm of the Gods, they were all characters who could shake their own regions. How could they be willing to die like this?
Luo Zheng also shook his head. He was naturally unwilling, but this Eight Trigrams was the same as the True Demon Body. One was yin and the other was yang, complementing each other. How could ordinary methods be able to break through it?
The True Demon Body …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's thoughts stirred. "Come out!"
Weng …

Chapter 2483
Enter the Eight Trigrams
Hua Tianming saw Luo Zheng summon the red-eyed girl and was a bit confused.
Luo Zheng asked the red-eyed girl, "Can you establish that connection with the blue-eyed girl?"
"With who? What connection? "the red-eyed girl asked with a smile.
The red-eyed girl's intelligence was around that of a three or four year old girl, so she didn't think much.
Although Luo Zheng and the girl's minds were connected, he didn't know how to explain it, so he could only say to Hua Tianming, "Summon the blue-eyed girl."
Hua Tianming nodded, and a blue light appeared, and the blue-eyed girl left his body.
"The connection between you and her," Luo Zheng gestured.
The red-eyed girl blinked and turned to look at the blue-eyed girl.
The two girls looked exactly the same, but their temperament and the luster of their eyes were different …
"Connection …"
The red-eyed girl frowned and thought for a bit, then said, "Are you talking about this?"
Saying this, a blue light suddenly flashed between her eyebrows.
There was a faint spatial transmission from the light, and then the light turned into a thin line that went towards the blue-eyed girl. It was the blue line!
This was a special spatial channel, and it was probably used to transfer energy between the two girls. It was their innate ability and instinct.
When the blue-eyed girl saw the thin line, her cold little face showed a trace of interest, and a light also flashed between her eyebrows, and the two thin lines intertwined in the air.
The moment the thin lines touched, Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in their hearts, as if there was an extra layer of perception in their minds, and they could know each other's existence.
"It's done!" Luo Zheng smiled.
The woman and Chen Huang Yijian also understood Luo Zheng's goal. The two girls were connected to each other, and they were almost invincible. Before, she had controlled the duplicates of the saints, and so many saints had attacked, but they couldn't do any harm to the girls.
Luo Zheng looked up at the Eight Trigrams and said, "Brother Tianming, let's go up together!"
If a more powerful Nirvana Realm elite like Ming Wei were to come, they might be able to break the Eight Trigrams in the sky with brute force. Or, a Nirvana Realm elite who was proficient in breaking formations could also use ingenious means to break the formation. After all, Dongfang Chunjun's Eight Trigrams Cauldron might not be perfect.
But now, no one knew how to break the formation. Luo Zheng wasn't confident either. He had only made the decision based on his instincts!
"Alright!"
Hua Tianming, on the other hand, trusted Luo Zheng's judgment very much and did not have the slightest doubt.
At such a time, there was indeed no better way than to pull chestnuts out of the fire …
"Hua!"
Dongfang Chunjun, who was standing in the center of the whirlpool, had undergone a strange change.
His arms, nails, and hair had already turned into little red crystals. His entire body was covered with cracks, and the fragments that peeled off from these cracks were also showing signs of crystallization.
"Phew …"
A quasi-saint could not hold on any longer and flew toward Dongfang Chunjun again. After entering Dongfang Chunjun's body, he was quickly crushed and turned into little red crystals that merged into his body.
Dongfang Chunjun refined everything near him. At the same time, he was also looking at Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming in the distance.
When he saw the lines between the two girls connected again, his face sank.
He was also aware of the power of the two girls combining into one. Although it was extremely difficult to break the Yin Yang Cauldron, it was not impossible!
Thinking of this, Dongfang Chunjun waved his shapeless hands. Countless red crystals danced with him, and the Eight Trigrams above started spinning.
The entire Eight Trigrams shrunk again!
The aura and pressure within the Eight Trigrams increased again!
"Ahhh …"
"I can't take it anymore! If I die, so be it! "
Some quasi-saints had already gone crazy and were flying around in this whirlpool.
In this space that was less than two miles wide, how could there be space for these quasi-saints to escape? One of the quasi-saints rushed toward the woman.
Chen Huang Yijian was the first to attack. The brown sword threads turned into a large net and enveloped this quasi-saint. Under the cutting of the brown sword threads, this quasi-saint was immediately cut into pieces.
The other quasi-saints were eventually sucked into Dongfang Chunjun's body. Whether it was their bodies, weapons, or clothes made of precious materials, they all turned into little crystals …
More than ten quasi-saints died, leaving only a few Saints, Emperor Hanqing, Chen Huang Yijian, and the others.
Even the few remaining people could only barely hold on.
Emperor Hanqing seemed to have activated some kind of secret technique. Blood kept flowing out of his eyes, and his hair turned from black to white.
Chen Huang Yijian was completely in a state of severing emotions. There was no emotion in his eyes. Even so, his body was constantly trembling …
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming came below the Eight Trigrams. Looking at the rapidly spinning Eight Trigrams, they felt somewhat uncertain.
After all, so many people had joined forces to attack it, but it did not collapse.
"Let's go in!" Luo Zheng said.
There was nothing to hesitate about now. If they could not break the Eight Trigrams, everyone would die together. If they could succeed, everyone would live together.
Hua Tianming nodded, and the two of them went in.
Whoosh!
The inside of the Eight Trigrams was filled with Yin and Yang Qi.
The moment he stepped in, Luo Zheng felt an irresistible force that wanted to tear him to pieces!
However, his body had just been tempered by the red lotus and integrated with the True Meaning of Dao. He could use part of the power for his own use, and he could barely hold on.
He was more worried about Hua Tianming. After all, his body was not as tyrannical as his …
He could not see Hua Tianming's situation in this Yin and Yang Qi.
Just as Luo Zheng was worrying, he suddenly felt a powerful energy. This energy soared in Luo Zheng's body, giving him a fright.
Almost instinctively, Luo Zheng wanted to release this energy!
Whoosh!
Hundreds and thousands of red lotuses surrounded Luo Zheng's body and crazily extended.
On the other side, Hua Tianming's situation was exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. The strangling force he bore was all transferred to Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng bore the strangling force back to Hua Tianming, turning into thousands of ice flowers!
"Did it work?"
The woman looked up. She could see that in the spiraling Eight Trigrams, there were two high-speed rotating lights, one red and one blue. These two lights must be Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming!
Dongfang Chunjun also looked up at the two lights in the Eight Trigrams. He could clearly feel the existence of these two fellows.

Chapter 2484
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Breaking the Balance
"You can't find the eye of the array, and you want to break my cauldron with brute force? Dream on! "
Half of Dongfang Chunjun's body had already crystallized …
The lower half of his body had turned into countless thumb-sized red crystalline objects. Only his upper body and head had a humanoid shape.
He was at the final stage of the refinement. He would not allow Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming to break this cauldron.
"Shrink again! I don't believe you can withstand it! "
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes widened in anger as he pushed his Yin-Yang Chaos Dao Essence to the limit.
It was as if a fire had been added to the cauldron …
The Eight Trigrams above had shrunk by more than half, and the whirlpool below was also shrinking.
The whirlpool was now only two to three hundred feet wide!
The Eight Trigrams were also covering the bottom …
As the Yin-Yang Cauldron shrank, the power inside the Eight Trigrams was even stronger!
Buzz … Buzz … Buzz …
The killing power produced by the Yin-Yang Qi was transmitted to Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming respectively.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming absorbed this powerful energy and transmitted it to each other, condensing red lotuses and ice flowers again!
However, the red lotuses and ice flowers that were released were just flowing with the waves. They were assimilated by the Yin-Yang Qi and turned into Yin-Yang Qi again …
The two auras in the Eight Trigrams were confronting Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming respectively.
"This can't go on," Luo Zheng said in his mind.
The two girls were connected, and Hua Tianming could also hear Luo Zheng's words.
"But this Eight Trigrams Array has no eye of the array. How can it be broken?" Hua Tianming was also a little anxious.
Luo Zheng kept releasing red lotuses and fell into deep thought …
His master, Gu Bei, had also cultivated the Yin-Yang Qi.
Luo Zheng had come into contact with it on the True Perishing Path. The enemies on the True Perishing Path were all formed by the Yin-Yang Qi …
Gu Bei had not cultivated the complete Yin-Yang Chaos True Meaning, so Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng had only cultivated an incomplete version.
The thing that shocked Luo Zheng the most was Fuxi's Eight Trigrams Record.
The Eight Trigrams Record could manifest any Dao, and it also allowed Luo Zheng to complete the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao in a short amount of time.
The Eight Trigrams above his head and Fuxi's Eight Trigrams Record were.
Luo Zheng, of course …
The Eight Trigrams Eight Trigrams!
The Yin-Yang Chaos Chaos True meaning!
The Eight Trigrams Eight Trigrams Record, Fuxi's's Eight Trigrams Record.
Of course, it, it '''s's Cauldron ''s, to say, to, to to Yin-Yang Translation on Yin Yang Translation Lun.
If it had been someone else, such as Ming Wei or Elder Jin, they would have been able to see many flaws with a single glance.
Eight Trigrams Eight Trigrams Yun record …
Nine's mind ''s mind mind Mind.
Wuji formed into Yang, Yang ….
Qi, Qi! Qi!
The Qi of Yin and Yang can give birth to the Four Symbols, but the most difficult part is that there is me in you, and you in me!
'' The two holes in the Eight Trigrams Chart represented Yang within Yin and Yin within Yang ….
'' With Dongfang Chunjun's current ability, it would be difficult for him to perfect it! '
'The opportunity should be here …'
'' Those two holes! '' Luo Zheng thought. At the same time, he said to Hua Tianming, "Release the converted energy into those two holes! ''
"How did you know? '' Hua Tianming asked curiously.
"I guessed! '' Luo Zheng replied.
"…"
Hua Tianming was a little speechless.
However, it was a race against time. As long as there was a chance, he would try. Naturally, he wouldn't ask too much.
His body floated, and he flew away in the dark Yin Qi …
From the perspective of the people below, the Eight Trigrams Chart was spinning, and the black and white merged into one.
However, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were being carried by the Eight Trigrams Chart. Luo Zheng was in the white Yang Qi, and Hua Tianming was in the black Yin Qi.
The two of them quickly found the two holes after searching for a while.
"It's here! ''
Luo Zheng went into the black hole. With a raise of his hand, red lotuses spread into the hole!
"Whoosh! ''
The moment the red lotuses merged into the black hole, they were absorbed by the black hole.
On the other side, Hua Tianming was the same. After he released the ice flower, it was also absorbed by the white hole.
"It doesn't seem to work, '' Hua Tianming said.
Luo Zheng stared at the black hole in front of him and murmured, "This Eight Trigrams Cauldron relies on these two holes to absorb energy and convert it into Yin and Yang Qi. That's why it can maintain the balance … ''
A light flashed in Luo Zheng's mind. His body floated, and he flew to the other side of the Eight Trigrams Chart.
The Eight Trigrams Chart had shrunk to only a few hundred feet in size. Luo Zheng only needed to adjust his position to arrive beside Hua Tianming.
"What are you doing here? '' Hua Tianming was a little confused.
"If we work together to release energy into it, we might be able to break the balance, '' Luo Zheng replied.
"Are you guessing as well? '' Hua Tianming asked again.
"Yes! '' Luo Zheng nodded.
However, this time, Luo Zheng's guess was correct.
The Yin and Yang Qi were endlessly growing and multiplying through these two holes.
Previously, when everyone worked together to attack, they had torn a corner of the Eight Trigrams Chart. However, as the Eight Trigrams Chart spun wildly, everyone's attacks were split between the two holes, each of which converted Yin and Yang Qi into a part of the Eight Trigrams Chart. Therefore, the crack that had been torn open with great difficulty was quickly repaired.
If they wanted to break the balance, they had to attack one point.
"Buzz buzz buzz … ''
The red lotuses released by Luo Zheng and the ice flowers released by Hua Tianming drilled into the white hole.
The energy that drilled into the white hole was continuously converted into Yin Qi by the Eight Trigrams Chart. In this way, the balance of the Eight Trigrams Chart was broken!
Looking from below, the Yang side of the Eight Trigrams Chart was constantly decreasing, while the Yin side was constantly increasing!
"You …"
Dongfang Chunjun's expression became extremely ugly.
He didn't know how Luo Zheng had found a way to break the formation in such a short time.
However, this method was undoubtedly effective.
The Yin and Yang cauldron, which had broken the balance, became extremely difficult to control.
The entire Eight Trigrams Chart even began to deviate.
"Yin Qi into Yang! Let's see how you break the balance! "
Dongfang Chunjun roared.
Now that he was only one step away, how could he tolerate his failure?
The extra Yin Qi continuously drilled into the white hole on the other side.
Therefore, in the eyes of Chen Huang Yijian and the others, the shape of the Eight Trigrams Chart became strange …
This was also Dongfang Chunjun's helpless action, but in the end, he still maintained the balance.
However, Chen Huang Yijian no longer had the ability to observe the situation above. The other Saints had long been unable to hold on and were swept into the center of the Great Whirlpool. They were absorbed by Dongfang Chunjun and turned into red crystals.
The only ones left in this Great Whirlpool were Chen Huang Yijian, Emperor Han Qing, and the woman and Emperor Han Qing's duplicates.

Chapter 2485
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Falling Star Hand
Chen Huang Yijian wasn't the only one …
Emperor Hanqing's situation wasn't looking good either.
But at this critical moment, he kept using the Divine Spear of Taihe to open up a spatial tunnel, bringing himself into the spatial tunnel. The instant he was in the spatial tunnel, he felt a little better.
His entire body flickered, sometimes disappearing, sometimes reappearing.
Like a drowning person taking a deep breath out of the water, he used the last of his survival instincts to struggle on the edge of the maelstrom.
When the woman saw Emperor Hanqing's methods, she also had Emperor Hanqing's clone create a spatial tunnel to take her and Chen Huang Yijian inside. They traveled back and forth between the spatial tunnel and the void, winning a sliver of hope.
"Hahahaha … Stop struggling on your deathbed. Both of you, get down here for this old man!"
Dongfang Chunjun only had his head left. Everything below his neck had been refined into a red crystalline body.
He used the last of his strength to draw down the entire Eight Trigrams.
In the end, the Yin Yang Cauldron would be completely absorbed into his body, along with the Eight Trigrams, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Dongfang Chunjun himself!
"It's useless." Hua Tianming was a bit anxious.
Luo Zheng frowned. "No, it's useful. Dongfang Chunjun is maintaining the balance of the Eight Trigrams. It's just that our attacks aren't strong enough …"
Their combined attacks could exceed Dongfang Chunjun's ability to maintain the Yin Yang Cauldron.
Hua Tianming nodded. A trace of determination appeared on his heroic face, but at the same time, he was a bit hesitant …
He had been created for this day.
He'd been carefully observing along the way, a trace of longing in his heart.
Perhaps he didn't need to use that ability?
This fantasy lingered in his heart, and Dongfang Yingqing's gentle face also existed along with it.
She was still waiting for him on the floating island …
If that was the case …
The light in his eyes grew calmer and calmer, and the hesitation slowly faded away.
At that moment, a faint layer of golden light appeared on his body.
An inviolable aura of majesty radiated from him.
"Tianming?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Dongfang Chunjun was slightly taken aback when he sensed Hua Tianming's aura.
In the Abyss Devil Domain, Hua Tianming had used this method several times.
Those imps couldn't even do anything to him …
Dongfang Chunjun had also noticed this before. Although he found it strange, he did not ask about it. He only thought that it was some kind of soul attack.
However, as Hua Tianming's aura suddenly increased, that extremely solemn aura finally attracted Dongfang Chunjun's attention!
"What kind of method is this!" Dongfang Chunjun was shocked and angry.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed …
He was also doing his best to maintain the balance that Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had destroyed.
If Hua Tianming used some kind of powerful technique again, it was very likely to be the straw that broke the camel's back!
"The method to kill you!"
Hua Tianming's expression was calm and solemn, and the golden light on his body shone even brighter.
"Buzz …"
The golden light was like water, gathering toward Tengshe's sword!
Luo Zheng stared at Hua Tianming with a trace of suspicion in his eyes.
The golden light on Hua Tianming's body began to fade slowly. The first thing to fade was his feet, but after the golden light faded, his feet turned into stone!
"Buzz …"
Next was his calves, knees, and the lower half of his body turned into grayish-white stone. The golden light on Hua Tianming's Tengshe's sword became even more intense, and the attack contained within was extremely terrifying!
"Damn it!"
"Sky Sword, stop!"
"I've treated you well, but you've ruined me!"
Dongfang Chunjun roared.
As he roared, he used his Yin Qi to wash Hua Tianming, trying to sweep Hua Tianming away. However, Hua Tianming was as stable as a rock and did not move at all!
"Buzz …"
More than half of the golden light faded away, and about two-thirds of Hua Tianming's body turned into stone.
"It's about time …" Hua Tianming smiled faintly at Luo Zheng. His smile was still very bright, but it contained a trace of regret that his fate had come to an end.
Actually, I'm quite unwilling. Why did you choose me and not you? Hua Tianming said silently in his heart.
His fate had already been decided in the universe. There was no room for him to choose …
Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng were connected through the two girls, and Luo Zheng could clearly feel Hua Tianming's mood. His eyebrows suddenly twitched, and he finally realized what Hua Tianming was trying to do!
Although he did not know what method Hua Tianming was going to use, he was afraid that after this attack, he would be doomed eternally …
Seeing that Hua Tianming had raised Tengshe's sword, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out and pressed on his arm.
"There's no time. Why are you stopping me?" Hua Tianming said faintly.
Below, Dongfang Chunjun saw Luo Zheng's actions, and a glimmer of hope ignited in his eyes. "Hahaha, stop him! Don't let him use this attack. I'm afraid that this attack will burn his life force as the price. If he uses this attack, he'll definitely die!"
Luo Zheng looked down at Dongfang Chunjun and sneered. "I don't need this attack to deal with you!"
Hua Tianming's face revealed a trace of astonishment. He did not know why Luo Zheng said that.
At that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his hand, and an indescribable force flowed in his hand. Soon, it transformed into a sparkling green light, and as the light gathered, it quickly condensed into a sparkling green square crystal!
"What, what is this?! Why does this kind of power exist in this world?! "
Dongfang Chunjun's face was full of astonishment as he observed the crystal.
He had cultivated the complete Yin-Yang Chaos True Intent, and originally thought that he was the only one in the Divine Realm. Apart from the Xuanyuan Guards, when had he ever taken anyone seriously?
So what if it was Emperor Hanqing? He was just relying on the Taihe Divine Spear to show off …
However, the two little fellows in front of him were only Perfect True Gods, and they both possessed remarkable abilities that he could not imagine.
Hua Tianming's nameless golden light was one thing, but Luo Zheng's square crystal exuded an indescribable mystery!
"This is a power that you cannot understand …"
"It represents …"
"The truth of the entire chaos …"
Luo Zheng said coldly, and the Truth Square Crystal in his hand began to spin rapidly.
At the same time, a green vortex appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
This vortex nurtured a special star. This star was pocket-sized, but in this part of the Divine Realm, there seemed to be nothing that could compete with it!
The power of the entire Yin Yang Cauldron, compared to this star, was like a firefly competing with the sun and moon!
The woman struggling at the edge of the vortex, Chen Huang Yijian, and Emperor Hanqing all had different expressions when they saw this scene.
Emperor Hanqing was wary, the woman was curious, and Chen Huang Yijian was gratified …
However, their eyes flashed with a strange light.

Chapter 2486
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Encounter
"Whoosh!"
The star only needed to be nurtured for a moment before it fell into the white hole.
Luo Zheng hadn't had much time to study the Falling Star Hand since he'd returned to the divine realm.
The energy contained within the Crystal of Truth was profound and vast, but it wasn't particularly powerful in terms of pure power.
But when it came to the Crystal of Truth ….
The Yin Yang Cauldron alone couldn't transform it.
Even Fuxi's Yin Yang Cauldron wouldn't be able to do the same. Of course, Fuxi had other methods to deal with the Falling Star Hand.
"Boom!"
The star exploded as soon as it fell into the white hole.
However, the white hole swallowed up all of the energy that leaked out and disappeared without a trace.
It was as if it had never appeared ….
Soon, wisps of green energy gushed out of the black hole on the other side. They bloomed like fireworks, quickly filling the entire Eight Trigrams ….
"Impossible!"
"My Yin Yang Cauldron can refine everything. Nothing in the world can escape from it!"
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes bulged. He controlled the Eight Trigrams with all his might, forcing it downward. At the same time, the vortex below rapidly shrank toward him.
Chen Huangyi's sword had already fainted. Emperor Hanqing was at his limit as well, his face filled with despair.
"Boom!"
The Eight Trigrams couldn't maintain its shape and began to collapse at the very last moment.
Dongfang Chunjun's expression calmed down. He seemed to be thinking about something. The unwillingness on his face had disappeared, replaced by calmness and indifference.
Soon, countless cracks appeared on his head, and it exploded, turning into little red crystals …
The moment the Eight Trigrams exploded, the vortex, which had shrunk to a size of twenty meters, collapsed as well.
When the bindings disappeared, the woman retreated with Chen Huangyi's sword. Emperor Hanqing grit his teeth and held on until the very end, using the Taihe Divine Spear to create a spatial tunnel and leave.
As for Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, the Eight Trigrams created a powerful shockwave that threw them dozens of kilometers away.
The shockwave was powerful, but Hua Tianming's body was covered in a layer of golden light, so he didn't suffer any damage.
And Luo Zheng's body was so strong that he was even more fearless. He drew a parabola in the void, and as soon as he stabilized himself, he sped forward.
"Mother!"
Dongfang Chunjun came with Li Luoshui.
Through his memories, Luo Zheng already knew that Dongfang Chunjun had placed Li Luoshui in a special small world.
But after the Yin Yang Furnace was activated, everything in the whirlpool was refined. Could it be that his mother had been refined along with the Small World?
"Sou!"
He shot to the center of the explosion.
He saw a translucent red statue. It was a statue of a woman!
However, the only thing missing was the head …
"This statue …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed as he suddenly thought of something and used the reincarnation soul tool again.
Just now, when he and Hua Tianming wanted to solve the Eight Trigrams, they did not check Dongfang Chunjun's memories.
Although Dongfang Chunjun had fallen, the flame of his memories still existed, but it was in a stagnant state and no longer updated the memories in it.
When Luo Zheng saw the last memory of Dongfang Chunjun, he was stunned.
"This old man has failed in the end …"
"I knew you would come to see my memories …"
"When the Yin Yang Furnace was activated, it was refined with my life. I should have died without a doubt, but I came to the Realm of the Gods and escaped with the help of the universe! Let my soul reoccupy this treasure body … "
"If I could refine the body of the True Demon into my body, I would most likely succeed. This is also the reason why this old man was willing to refine myself! But in the end, it was still broken by you. I can only say that this old man's life was destined to end here. It's destined and irreversible … "
"Luo Shui was sealed in the Xuanhuang small world in the ring on this treasure body's finger. Even if I activated the Yin Yang Furnace, I would still protect this small world. I promised to help her find her body, but in the end, I couldn't find it. Although this treasure body could not refine the body of the True Demon, it can be considered my final gift to her …"
After reading Dongfang Chunjun's last memory, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the statue's hand.
There really was a dark golden ring on the finger of the statue.
"Mother …"
With Dongfang Chunjun's last words, Luo Zheng was very excited.
He was about to approach the statue and take the ring …
But at that moment, a spatial fluctuation came from the side, and a figure suddenly emerged. It was Emperor Hanqing!
Luo Zheng could read Dongfang Chunjun's memories, but so could Emperor Hanqing.
When he realized that this treasure body was extraordinary, he had the idea of stealing it.
Even if Luo Zheng's strength was a taboo, he still had the Taihe Divine Spear. He could come and go as he pleased, and there was nothing Emperor Hanqing could do to him!
Luo Zheng paused, then a trace of fury appeared on his face.
"Get out of my way!"
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and a red lotus flew towards Emperor Hanqing.
Just as it was about to wrap him up, Emperor Hanqing suddenly grabbed the treasure body and dove into the spatial tunnel again.
"Boom!"
Another spatial passageway appeared from a distance away, intersecting with Emperor Hanqing's position.
When the two tunnels collided, Emperor Hanqing was forcibly pushed out of the tunnel!
Emperor Hanqing staggered a few steps, his face darkening. He tossed the treasure body away, then used the Taihe Divine Spear to tear open the void and escape the nest.
The woman had no intention of chasing after Emperor Hanqing. After all, Emperor Hanqing's clone was in a poor state, and using the Taihe Divine Spear was difficult.
Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to cause trouble for Emperor Hanqing, either. He grabbed the treasure body and removed the dark gold ring on his finger.
There was a simple seal on the ring. Luo Zheng's consciousness stirred, and with a light twist of the seal, the seal was erased.
But as soon as he did, a red light shot out of the ring.
Li Luoshui came out of the pocket dimension, her long hair trailing behind her.
Li Luoshui expected to see Dongfang Chunjun, so she wasn't prepared to be polite. Instead, it was Luo Zheng. Her face froze, her eyes filled with disbelief.
"Zheng, Zheng 'er, why are you here? Don't tell me Dongfang Chunjun caught you …" Li Luoshui stuttered. No matter how she looked at it, this part of the world didn't look normal.
As she spoke, Li Luoshui looked around and saw the woman not too far away. The surprise in her eyes deepened.

Chapter 2487
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Reuniting
Li Luoshui stared at the woman for a long time, her eyes becoming hazy.
"Lingshu …"
She called out her name as if she had a lot to say, but she could not say a single word.
Looking at this woman, Li Luoshui vaguely recalled the era when the Divine Territory had just begun …
Back then, Lingshu was still an innocent and carefree little girl. She did not even care why the Divine Territory was created or why the Li Tribe had to leave.
In this brand new world, she was so surprised by everything.
Back then, the Sea of Time was still a small lake. She liked the beauty of the Lake of Time and even ordered people to build a small Listen to the Water Pavilion by the lake.
Back then, Li Luoshui knew that the Li Tribe was in danger and was filled with melancholy. Only Lingshu's innocent smile could ease her worries.
"Sister! How did you become like this … "
Lingshu flew over, her face full of heartache.
She wanted to hug Li Luoshui, but Li Luoshui was only left with a head. There was no way she could do it.
Luo Zheng was also a little confused when he heard how the woman addressed her.
This woman was Mother's sister?
Then she was his aunt?
But thinking about it carefully, this was not strange.
After all, this woman had always said that she was from the Li Tribe, and the Li Tribe had the same bloodline.
Li Luoshui stared at Lingshu for a while before saying, "You … are not alive, right?"
Although Lingshu looked no different from an ordinary person, one could feel from her aura that she did not have the life aura of a human. Instead, she exuded a strong power of faith.
People in the Divine Territory usually called it the aura of a ferocious creature.
Lingshu pursed her lips and nodded, but then shook her head resolutely. "I have never really died. One day, I will kill my way back to the Divine Territory and rebuild the Li Tribe!"
Li Luoshui felt Lingshu's resentment and was puzzled. She looked at Luo Zheng.
"Mother, this is the Abyss Demon Territory," Luo Zheng reminded her.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Li Luoshui was enlightened.
She continued, "Lingshu, could it be that when the Li Tribe was destroyed, your resentment was too strong and you became a ferocious creature in the Abyss Demon Territory?"
Li Luoshui still didn't understand.
The Forbidden Lands were formed from the beliefs of all the Gods. Positive, negative, worshiped, respected, all of them could be born in the Forbidden Lands. They were all vicious creatures that were "thought".
But with Li Luoshui's resentment alone, she could turn into a ferocious creature in the Abyss Devil Domain?
That was unlikely.
"No." Ling Shu shook her head and said calmly, "It's because the resentment of the entire Li Tribe is too strong that it turned into the Black Water Region. The entire Black Water Region is filled with the resentment of the Li Tribe. Before they died, they felt intense fear … and it was this fear that gathered in the Black Water Region!"
"Them?" Li Luoshui raised her eyebrows slightly, "My Li Clan's people are all in the Abyss Devil Domain?"
Ling Shu shook her head again. "They have already disappeared. In order to imprint my memories, they sacrificed themselves …"
At that time, the Xuanyuan Wei had chased them to the Divine Realm and utilized the Bloodtear Technique to transform all the Li Clan members in the Divine Realm into a ball of bloody mist, and they died in an extremely miserable manner.
Before countless Li Clan members died, they also suffered incomparable pain and torment and developed a huge fear.
The fear of all the Li Clan members gathered in the Black Water Region and became the source of fear in the entire Divine Realm …
In the beginning, the Black Water Region was not so huge and unfathomable. It was only later that the imagination of the thousands of living beings in the Divine Realm accumulated bit by bit, like water droplets flowing into the sea, that the Black Water Region formed into its current scale.
Although fear was also a type of belief, it was born with its own memory imprint. For example, if someone feared something, this fear was specific to that person.
Therefore, the primitive fear in the Black Water Region was an individual fear, the fear of every Li Clan member. This fear was born with a soul.
The Li Clan members in the Black Water Region who had memories quickly understood their situation. It would not be long before this meant that their souls would disappear, and the fear they produced would remain in the Black Water Region.
Then, the Black Water Region would slowly evolve into all kinds of strange and ferocious creatures, such as "evil".
After the Li Clan members realized this, they quickly made a decision. They had to choose one person to "survive".
In the end, Ling Shu was the chosen one …
Those wisps of soul power gathered the resentment of the entire Li Clan and gathered on Ling Shu, allowing her to become the ruler of the Black Water Region.
After countless Divine Epochs, she secretly operated the Black Water Region. She did not allow the "evil" in the Black Water Region to develop self-awareness and only be controlled by her.
At the same time, she tried to control the Evil Demon Clan and even the entire Abyss Demon Realm.
After several failures, her gaze fell on the body of the True Demon.
After hearing Ling Shu's words, Li Luoshui's gaze was extremely complicated. She sighed and said, "It's been hard on you. I didn't expect the Li Clan members to have such a struggle at the last moment …"
Ling Shu came forward and held Li Luoshui's head. Their foreheads touched gently, and she said with a choked voice, "Sister's suffering is no less than mine. Now, you've fallen to such a state …"
After so many years, the two sisters met again in such a state and in such a way. It was very emotional …
"But where is this place? I'm bound by Dongfang Chunjun. Where is he? " Li Luoshui looked around, and her gaze fell on the red transparent statue behind her.
The void was quiet, and she did not know where she was.
"This is the lowest level of the Abyss Demon Territory," Luo Zheng replied. "Dongfang Chunjun … should be dead."
"Dead?" Li Luoshui's gaze flashed, and her face was filled with shock.
"Yes. At the last moment, he wanted to refine all of us, but the formation he set up was broken by me and Hua Tianming," Luo Zheng said.
With Li Luoshui's knowledge, she did not think that Dongfang Chunjun was invincible.
However, it was impossible for the few people in front of her to defeat Dongfang Chunjun. But looking at her son's serious face, she could not help but believe it.
"Then what is this statue?" Li Luoshui asked.
This statue seemed to be tailor-made for her. It only had the body of a woman, and only lacked a head.
"This statue …" Luo Zheng had a strange expression. He did not expect that Dongfang Chunjun would leave this treasure body for his mother.
From what Dongfang Chunjun said, he wanted to use the indestructible universe and his own immortality to refine a body for himself. After failing, he knew that he could not escape death. At the last moment, he found his conscience and left this treasure body for his mother.
"Mother, you can read his last memory yourself." After saying that, Luo Zheng gently flipped his hand, and a small pyramid appeared in his hand. A small eye was engraved on the pyramid.
He aimed the eye of the pyramid at Li Luoshui's head, and let Li Luoshui insert her divine sense into the pyramid.
Li Luoshui glanced at the small pyramid. Although she was a little confused, she still inserted her divine sense into the pyramid.
After a while …

Chapter 2488
The Great Shock
"In the end, he still fulfilled his promise …"
Li Luoshui murmured, but she didn't expect it to be under such circumstances.
He had refined almost everything, including himself ….
Li Luoshui blinked her eyes and then floated to the treasured body.
The moment Li Luoshui's head was attached to the treasured body, the two were attached together.
"Buzz …"
A faint light enveloped Li Luoshui and the treasured body.
As the light gradually dissipated …
The treasured body had changed color.
The clothes, which were originally like red glass, were now clearly colored.
The exposed arms and legs were as warm as jade, so white that they were somewhat dazzling.
Although this treasured body couldn't fuse with the body of the true demon, Dongfang Chunjun had refined too many things.
Finally, the saints, the quasi-saints, Luo Zheng's Shadow Bearing Sword, various magic weapons, and even Dongfang Chunjun himself.
Li Luoshui raised her hands and looked at them, then stretched out her palm, and a crimson cone of light shot out from her long and straight fingertips.
"Blood-coagulated Body?" Li Luoshui's face showed surprise.
This Blood-coagulated Body was inherited in the mother world, and she didn't expect Dongfang Chunjun to refine it.
She guessed that this method should have been taught to Dongfang Chunjun by the Xuanyuan Wei.
In fact, this guess was wrong. The method of refining the Blood-coagulated Body was still sought by Dongfang Chunjun in the Sea of True Meaning, and not from the Xuanyuan Wei.
"Whoosh!"
Li Luoshui's fingers flicked gently, and the crimson cone of light flew toward the void, dragging a dazzling luster along the way with astonishing power.
"Congratulations, Mother," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Although this Blood-coagulated Body wasn't his mother's original body, it had a complete form after all. Judging from the light cone that his mother casually shot out, the power of this Blood-coagulated Body was also extraordinary.
Li Luoshui nodded, and her gaze fell on the pyramid in Luo Zheng's hand again. "What is this? Why can it read people's memories? "
It wasn't that Li Luoshui had never seen the method of prying into memories. She had some experts in the Zhi Mu world who could see through the other party's memories without anyone noticing.
However, Dongfang Chunjun clearly no longer existed, but this pyramid could still allow her to see his memories. Naturally, she was amazed.
"This is a reincarnation soul artifact. It should have been controlled by our Li Clan," Luo Zheng replied. "If someone possesses a pure bloodline, they can awaken the memories of everyone in the Li Clan."
"What?" Li Luoshui's expression changed.
Ling Shu's face was also full of shock.
Although they had stayed in the God Realm all this time, Chi You had not told his bloodline descendants everything after he finished building this ship.
The Divine Region was the last hope of the Li Clan. Chi You's greatest goal was to ensure that the Li Clan could continue on and not be exterminated. He also hoped that a miracle could be born in the Divine Region.
Therefore, Chi You turned the Divine Realm into a wasteland, allowing his descendants to stay in a relatively cruel environment. He allowed them to cultivate, cultivate, and grow stronger …
If it wasn't for the Xuanyuan Guards,
Now, the billions of people in the Divine Realm should all be Li Clan members. There would also be conflicts, divisions of power, and life and death battles.
But in the iterations of the law of the jungle, there would eventually be some super geniuses who would rise to the top.
It was a pity that the Li Clan had been exterminated by the Xuanyuan Guards. Some of the secrets that Chi You had left in the Divine Region and many of the treasures that he had left for the Li Clan had not been discovered.
For example, this "reincarnation soul artifact." Once this item was controlled, it was equivalent to controlling reincarnation. The life and death of anyone in the Divine Region would be controlled by it.
Whether or not one was truly dead, whether or not one could be reincarnated, it would all be determined by this item.
This kind of ability was too heaven-defying …
"However, I need to completely control this reincarnation soul artifact. It requires a complete Li Clan bloodline," Luo Zheng said. "Therefore, this treasure still needs to be given to Mother.
"Why?" Li Luoshui was somewhat puzzled. Luo Zheng's bloodline shouldn't have any problems.
Luo Zheng shrugged. "My bloodline is no longer pure enough."
"Why?"
Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. Although Luo Zheng had helped her solve some puzzles, she still had too many questions.
At that time, in order to protect Luo Zheng's life, she had thrown him out of the Divine Region.
How did Luo Zheng return?
How did he get involved in the Abyss Demon Region?
It wasn't easy to pollute Chiyou's bloodline. How could his bloodline be impure?
"It's a long story …" Luo Zheng recounted everything that had happened after Li Luoshui had thrown him out of the Divine Region. He also told Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others everything that had happened.
During this process …
At the top of the Divine Region.
Within one of the Space Vortexes, there was a terrifying aura emanating from them.
Even one-tenth of this power was enough to instantly kill a Saint.
Whoosh!
Soon, Ming Wei jumped out of the spatial vortex. A trace of exhaustion appeared on her pretty face. She sent a Quintessential Sound Transmission and said, "It's your turn."
The other Nirvana Realm powerhouse of the Nuwa Clan also jumped into the spatial vortex.
The spatial barrier outside the Divine Region was exquisitely designed. Even if they destroyed a part of it, after a period of time, the spatial barrier would slowly heal like a wound on a wild beast.
Therefore, they had to constantly attack the spatial barrier. The Nirvana Realm powerhouses present took turns to attack it, day and night.
Ming Wei had just landed when she felt a tremor under her feet.
"Rumble …"
The tremor was very intense, as if something was collapsing.
Not far away, Fu Er crouched down and pressed his ear to the ground. After a while, Fu Er said, "There should be a huge spatial barrier collapsing."
"A huge spatial barrier …" Ming Wei's eyes flashed. "Could it be the universe that Luo Zheng mentioned before?"
Luo Zheng had once introduced the internal structure of the Divine Region. With the insight of this group of Nirvana Realm powerhouses, it wasn't difficult to understand. This included the creation of the universe and the means to ensure the immortality of Saints. It was also circulated in the Mother World.
"Perhaps a so-called Saint has fallen?" Chi Yi smiled faintly, with a hint of disdain in his voice.
After all, in their eyes, Saints were only at the True God Realm. They weren't qualified to be their opponents.
Just as this group of Nirvana Realm powerhouses was guessing, the floating island was also in an uproar.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
A dull sound came from the sky, and it seemed to resound through all the great worlds in the Divine Region.
The floating island was located in the center of the Divine Region, so the sound was extremely clear.
"A Saint's universe is collapsing!"
"Heavens, which Saint is it? Didn't they not start a war? "
"Someone can sever the connection between a Saint and the universe. Didn't something like this happen a few years ago?"

Chapter 2489
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
News of the Emperor's death
The Dongfang family's floating island …
Inside an exquisite palace, a wisp of incense rose in a straight line.
Dongfang Yingqing suddenly stood up when she heard the rumbling sound.
She looked up at the sky, her eyes filled with worry.
The Wealthy Clan Alliance had been in the Abyss Devil Realm for so long, but no news had come back.
However, this explosion brought back bad news. A Saint had fallen. Moreover, it was a true death. There was no chance for him to come back to life.
Was it a Saint from the Wealthy Clan Alliance?
If so, who was it?
If even a Saint had fallen, then what about her husband …
Dongfang Yingqing immediately felt restless. She paced back and forth in the palace.
She quickly made up her mind and walked out of the palace.
In another palace of the Dongfang family …
A few elders of the Dongfang family had already set up a formation.
There was a huge chessboard in the center of the formation, and a huge drum was erected on the chessboard.
When the elders activated the formation, the drum also let out a "dong dong dong" sound.
The sound of the drum resonated with the rumbling sound in the sky. Every time there was a rumbling sound in the sky, the drum also thundered.
There was also a small chess piece constantly jumping on the chessboard …
The universes of the Saints were scattered in different directions. Based on the direction of the sound, they could determine which universe had collapsed through this method.
Clack …
Every time the drum beat, the small chess piece would lightly jump on the chessboard.
Bit by bit, the chess piece moved towards the upper right corner!
The elders of the Dongfang family looked in the direction the small chess piece was jumping with an ominous expression on their faces.
"Could it be …" One of the elders guessed.
However, before he could finish his sentence, he was refuted by another old man. "Impossible! Whichever Saint falls, it won't be our Sage Emperor's turn! "
"That's right. The Sage Emperor is very powerful and far surpasses ordinary Saints. How could he fall?" Another elder shook his head with all his might.
However, this small chess piece continued to jump, and continued to jump toward the upper right side.
Everyone's expressions became more and more unsightly.
"Maybe it's the Xuanyue family's Zhan Wuji," another elder said.
"Yes! It's most likely Everlasting War! "
Everlasting War's universe was located on the westernmost side. The position marked on the chessboard was the rightmost side. If the small piece crossed the position marked by Chunjun's universe in the east, it would definitely be Everlasting War.
This was his last hope …
However, everyone knew in their hearts that there wasn't much hope.
Everlasting War had yet to enter the Deep Abyss Devil Domain. The entire Profound Moon Clan and War God Temple had been keeping a low profile all these years. Who could take Everlasting War's life?
As for their Saint Emperor Chun Jun, he was leading the Saints to conquer the Deep Abyss Devil Domain. Anything could happen in that damned place.
In the end, the small chess piece arrived at the upper right center of the chessboard and did not move a single step to the right.
Every time there was a rumble in the sky, the drum would beat once, and the small chess pieces would be placed on the chessboard.
"Tap, tap, tap …"
Looking at the jumping chess piece, two old men collapsed to the ground.
"This, this …" The other middle aged man stammered, and he didn't know how to deal with this.
Only a slightly younger True God rushed out of the palace and madly roared, "The Sage Emperor is dead!"
"The Sage Emperor is dead …"
This True God spread this news to every corner of the floating island.
Dongfang Yingqing had only walked halfway when she heard this True God's roar. Her face instantly darkened, and her legs went weak as she sat on the ground.
This was probably the news that Dongfang Yingqing didn't want to hear the most.
Even Dongfang Chunjun had fallen. Who else could protect her husband?
"No way, it was the Sage Emperor's universe that shattered?"
"Why?! Our Sage Emperor is the strongest. It shouldn't be him! "
"Rumors, nonsense …"
Most of the Dongfang Clan's disciples were unwilling to believe this.
They knew very well that as the leader of the Grand Alliance, the Dongfang Clan had always been above the Sword Clan and Profound Moon Clan. They had offended many people. Once Dongfang Chunjun, their biggest fulcrum, disappeared, the Dongfang Clan's skyscraper would definitely collapse!
Even if the Dongfang Clan had a vast foundation on the Fusang Divine Tree …
However, a foundation was just a foundation. In a short time, there was simply no one who could fill in the gap left by Dongfang Chunjun.
If the other Grand Clans retaliated …
One could imagine what would happen to them!
This kind of thing couldn't be hidden at all.
In fact, the moment the universe shattered, the various Grand Clans all calculated the location of the universe's collapse and quickly came to a conclusion.
"It's the Dongfang Clan …"
"Hahaha, the heavens have opened their eyes. That despicable old thief Dongfang has finally fallen!"
"What do we do? Without the Dongfang Clan's protection, our status …"
There were those who rejoiced, those who were disappointed, and those who were gloating …
Dongfang Chunjun's universe, on the other hand, was experiencing an unprecedented disaster.
Dongfang Chunjun had once managed his universe very well!
The other Sages were not only wary of Dongfang Chunjun's strength. If he started a war with the universe, perhaps no Sages in the Divine Realm would dare to accept it.
3,300 races, nine Brahma Realms, thirteen Celestial Stars …
Among the secondary lifeforms, there were countless geniuses. Some of these geniuses were not to be outdone even after stepping into the Divine Realm. However, in the face of the great calamity of the universe's collapse, their eyes were filled with unwillingness and confusion.
Stars fell, great realms collapsed, and countless people died …
This was also the sorrow of the secondary lifeforms.
…
…
In the Waterspout Forest …
Yu Taibai stood in the courtyard, looking up at the sky.
Yu Shenfeng, Jing Wuhuan, Aunt Hanjiu, and the others all looked at him.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
He crossed his fingers, a thoughtful expression on his face.
Every time there was a rumble, his hand gestures would change, appearing unfathomable.
After a long time …
A bright light flashed in his eyes.
"How is it?" Jing Wuhuan was the first to ask.
When the universe collapsed, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng were naturally most concerned about their master, Gu Bei.
Although they did not know where their master was, as long as the universe was safe, at least it meant that their master was still alive.
Yu Taibai's eyes revealed a trace of doubt, as if suspecting that he had miscalculated. He checked with his fingers again, then said, "The sound came from the northwest. The collapsing universe belongs to … Dongfang Chunjun."
"Dongfang Chunjun is dead?" Yu Shenfeng's mouth opened wide.
Jing Wuhuan's eyes also revealed a trace of sharpness. He knew very well what this meant. "Even the universe collapsed. He has no more life!"
The reason why Luo Xiao still had a chance to be reborn was because the Great Expansion Universe and its existence were still operating perfectly.

Chapter 2490
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Cellar passageway
During this time, Jing Wuhuan and Yu Taibai had been running around.
They knew Dongfang Chunjun's goal in conquering the Abyss Devil Zone.
If Dongfang Chunjun successfully took control of the Abyss Devil Zone, he would probably make a big move after returning to the floating island.
They weren't the only ones who saw this. The other factions also saw it clearly.
Jing Wuhuan relied on this to convince the Xuanyue Clan.
The Xuanyue Clan decided to stand on the same side as the Sword Tribe. If the Sword Tribe decided to go against the Wealthy Alliance, the Xuanyue Clan would also join.
Yu Taibai was trying to find the scattered Daoists in the Divine Dominion.
The Divine Dominion was so big that it wasn't easy to find the Daoists.
Even if Yu Taibai used the Dayan number to deduce, the range was too big. However, it wasn't impossible to find them.
Because the Daoists would trigger the rules of the slate when they sneaked into the Divine Dominion, Yu Taibai could roughly estimate the time and range.
Although the Daoists in the universe were second-level lifeforms, their talent was comparable to the geniuses in the Divine Dominion. These people were all dazzling existences. Given some time, there was bound to be a way to find them!
All the preparations were carried out in an orderly manner. However, they didn't expect Dongfang Chunjun to die so suddenly.
"Dongfang Chunjun is dead. The Wealthy Alliance's conquest of the Abyss Devil Zone failed?" Jing Wuhuan frowned.
"If that's the case, then this is good news." Yu Shenfeng chuckled.
Yu Taibai didn't look too relaxed. He said calmly, "Dongfang Chunjun alone isn't enough to cause us to be afraid …"
Although the Dongfang Clan represented by Dongfang Chunjun was powerful, it wasn't necessarily invincible.
The old monsters in the Sword Tribe and the Xuanyue Clan weren't to be underestimated either. The reason why these two factions hadn't made a move for so many years wasn't just because they were afraid of Dongfang Chunjun, but also because of the Xuanyuan Guard behind him.
"Then what do we do next?" Jing Wuhuan asked.
Yu Taibai thought for a moment and said, "Wait and see …"
Everyone nodded, but there was still a trace of worry in their hearts. That was because of Luo Zheng.
Although the journey to the Evil Ghost Realm was long, and with Luo Zheng's speed, he should have returned by now. However, there was still no news from Luo Zheng.
The Evil Ghost Realm was close to the Abyss Demon Realm, but the entrance to the Abyss Demon Realm was not in the Evil Ghost Realm, so the possibility of Luo Zheng getting involved was not high, but they all had a trace of worry in their hearts.
…
…
At the bottom of the Abyss Demon Domain …
Emperor Hanqing leaped out of the coffin and glared at it fiercely.
Although he did not get the True Demon's body, it would be nice if he could get Dongfang Chunjun's treasure body at the last moment. However, he was still stopped by that damned woman.
Buzz!
He swung the Divine Spear of Tai He, and a powerful spatial fluctuation shot out from the tip of the spear towards the coffin.
Emperor Hanqing didn't expect his spear to destroy the coffin.
After all, this coffin had been here for many years. He had only attacked it to vent his anger.
According to his thoughts, this coffin should be an illusion floating at the entrance of the space. This spear should have pierced through the coffin, but not the coffin itself.
Clang!
At this moment, something unexpected happened.
His shot actually hit the coffin, causing a muffled sound to be emitted …
The sound gave Emperor Hanqing a fright!
His experience on the way here had taught him that Saints were not all that strong. In this damned place, even the slightest bit of carelessness could cost him his life.
The Divine Spear of Tai He pushed the coffin aside.
Below the coffin was a dark entrance to a cellar.
Below the entrance was a neat row of stairs that extended downwards until it was engulfed by darkness. No one knew where it led to.
Emperor Hanqing's heart skipped a beat when he saw the entrance. He realized that he had discovered some incredible secret.
"This coffin's main body floats in the void. Anyone who approaches it will be sucked into the coffin, unable to open it at all. Although that woman has always been here, the Abyssal Infernal Domain suppresses the Spatial Laws, making it impossible for her to open the coffin … but what is hidden in this coffin?
Emperor Hanqing was a cautious person. He stood at the entrance with a trace of hesitation.
Hum!
A blue light suddenly flashed in his eyes, and this blue light entered the darkness of the cellar. It was unknown what it saw in the cellar, but it revealed an expression of interest, which made him make up his mind and step into the cellar.
Stepping on the stairs of the cellar, he stabbed the bottom of the coffin with his spear and dragged the coffin back to its original position.
If that woman left the coffin and found this cellar, she might follow him here. That woman's strength wasn't weaker than his. Moreover, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were hard to deal with, so he didn't have to worry about her.
After doing all this, he walked deeper into the cellar.
If Luo Zheng and the others were in the world of ice and snow, they would've felt the entire world shake.
When the coffin was sent flying by Emperor Hanqing, the snow on the snowy mountain began to crumble, forming a violent avalanche.
Unfortunately, they were in the void of the ice volcano and didn't feel the changes outside.
Luo Zheng was still telling his mother about his experience in the outer region of chaos …
He talked about the grudges between the Desolate God, Xuanyuan clan, Nuwa clan, and Chi You clan.
Li Luoshui, the woman, and Chen Huang Yijian all opened their eyes wide.
Chen Huang Yijian also felt that his trip to the divine realm was very strange, but compared to Luo Zheng, it paled in comparison.
"In other words, the Nirvana realm of Nuwa clan and Li clan are in the outer region?" Li Luoshui asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, "But they're blocked by the space barrier and can't come in."
"Elder Jin, five star Chi You guard," Li Luoshui murmured, "I've never heard of this person …"
Lingshu smiled, "Sister wasn't very old when she left the mother world. Our Li clan has many talents. Although the five star Chi You guard is strong, there are still many after all these years. Elder Jin must've left the Li clan a long time ago. It's normal that you haven't heard of him."
Luo Zheng also nodded. He knew that other than Fu Er, the others had never heard of Li Luoshui. His mother hadn't even been born at that time.
"But a five star Chi You guard should be able to deal with Pang Miao," Li Luoshui said blankly.
Her Li clan's mortal enemy wasn't Dongfang Chunjun …
At best, Dongfang Chunjun had released "Huyan" from the seal for his own ambition.

Chapter 2491
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The change at the entrance
Luo Zheng's news made Li Luoshui and Lingshu's hope increase countless times.
They knew it was difficult for people from the outer realm to come in, but it was only a matter of time.
Within ten years, those Nirvana Realm elites would be able to break through the space barrier. When that time came, they would be able to sweep through everything …
This space was not a place to stay for long.
After Luo Zheng roughly explained what had happened in the outer realm, Lingshu ordered Emperor Hanqing's clone to break through the space.
The frost fiends in the frost fiend nest at the bottom of the ice mountain had been completely reborn.
Lingshu knew everything at the bottom of the ice mountain. The instant she broke through the space, Emperor Hanqing's clone had already created a space tunnel and sent everyone to the top of the ice mountain.
"What happened to the ice mountain?" Chen Huang Yijian looked at the ice mountain with a strange expression.
Lingshu also said strangely, "It seems like there was an avalanche. I've never seen anything as strange as this before."
The snow cover on this large mountain range was shaken off uniformly, revealing the bare mountaintops. The mountaintops were only covered with a thin layer of fresh snow.
Hua Tianming said, "Perhaps the fight in the space caused too much of a commotion and caused the snow to collapse."
"Impossible." Lingshu shook her head.
The space at the bottom of the ice mountain was completely isolated from the outside world. No matter how much of a commotion was caused in the space, it was impossible to cause the snow to collapse.
"Perhaps Emperor Hanqing attacked to vent his anger?" Chen Huang Yijian guessed.
"That's possible." Lingshu nodded.
Without lingering for too long, Ling Shu led the others upwards. Very soon, they left the coffin and returned to the bottom of the huge ice palace.
When Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming left the coffin at the same time, the girl originally lying in the coffin turned into golden dust and disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
The true demon body had already been taken away by Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
Lingshu looked at the girl disappearing from the corner of her eye and showed a trace of disappointment. "I fought for this true demon body for so long, but in the end, it was taken away by you two brats …"
Although Lingshu was a ferocious being, she still had complete memories and emotions.
She had gone in and out of the coffin hundreds of thousands of times. She had even died in it many times, only to be reborn in the Black Water Domain.
Because her own strength was not enough, she went to support the Evil Demon Clan, and also helped Chen Huang Yi Sword … She used all kinds of methods, but it was all in vain. Naturally, she was somewhat disappointed.
Li Luoshui looked at her sister and raised her willowy eyebrows. "If you don't have a True Demon Body, you won't be able to leave the Abyss Devil Domain?"
Lingshu nodded, but shook her head at the same time. "To be precise, I don't really need to rely on my True Demon body to leave the Abyssal Demon Realm. I need to control the Abyssal Demon Realm …"
At this point, Lingshu suddenly realized something.
Chen Huang Yijian also understood at the same time and asked, "Then who is in control of the Abyss Demon Domain now?"
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming also had strange expressions on their faces …
If the True Demon Body was the Level 6 Xinyang Treasure of the Abyss Devil Domain, they should be in control of the Abyssal Demon Realm now. However, the two girls in their bodies did not move at all.
Luo Zheng had seen Yu Shen Feng control the Takeshi Swirl Forest. Everything in the forest was controlled by Yu Shen Feng. It could be said that Yu Shen Feng was the master of the Takeshi Swirl Forest.
Li Luoshui thought for a while before saying, "Could it be because the True Demon Body was split into two? If so, you can combine the two girls into one and have one person control it. "
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming looked at each other and nodded slightly.
They did not have a reason to control the True Demon Body. It was the same to give it to anyone. They could even give the two True Demon Bodies to Lingshu.
Then, the two called out the girls in their bodies and tried to separate them from their bodies.
But after experimenting for a while, they were unable to separate …
The two girls were also confused and did not understand what Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were doing.
This was especially true for the red-eyed girl. Towards the end, she simply snuggled into Luo Zheng's arms. She seemed to have understood what Luo Zheng meant, but no matter what he asked her, she would shake her little head like a rattle-drum, refusing to cooperate.
After a while, the two could only choose to give up.
Although Lingshu was disappointed, she still had hope and said, "It can't be done now, but it doesn't mean it can't be done in the future. If one of you controls the Abyssal Demon Realm in the future, just come back and take me out of the Abyssal Demon Realm!"
After being trapped here for so many years, she dreamed of returning.
"That's the only way. We will think of a way as soon as we go back," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
Then, Lingshu left the Ice Palace with Luo Zheng and the others.
Outside the Ice Palace, on the seventh floor of the Abyssal Demon Realm, the demons were still guarding outside.
These demons were no longer a threat. After being killed once, the power of faith needed to be accumulated again, and the strength of the Demon Race had also fallen to the bottom.
However, even if those demons still had their former strength, under Lingshu's leadership, no one would dare to act rashly.
Under the fearful gazes of the demons, Luo Zheng and the others returned from the seventh floor to the sixth floor.
The Abyssal Demon Realm was huge. Even if there were no obstacles along the way, it would take some time to return to the entrance of the Abyssal Demon Realm.
Three days later …
Lingshu finally sent Luo Zheng and the others to the entrance.
The two sisters talked about many things in the past along the way. They were reluctant to part with each other.
"Lingshu, don't be afraid. Believe in your sister. It won't be long before you leave this place," Li Luoshui consoled.
Lingshu nodded …
Her resentment for so many years was all on the Xuanyuan Guards and the revival of the Li Race.
Now that she knew that her sister was still alive and that the Li Race had someone to shoulder the burden, the resentment in her heart gradually dissipated.
"Luo Zheng, you must think of a way when you go back! Aunty will return to the Black Water Region and wait for your news. "Lingshu smiled at Luo Zheng.
"Zheng 'er will not disappoint Aunty." Luo Zheng waved at Lingshu.
The entrance to the Abyssal Demon Realm was like the mouth of a monster, exuding a fierce aura.
Outside the entrance, there were dozens of teleportation formations. These teleportation formations led directly to the floating island.
In order to monopolize the forbidden areas, the rich and powerful families had set up powerful restrictions at the entrances of the forbidden areas. Everyone could only enter the forbidden areas through the floating island.
"If we return, we can only enter the floating island through the teleportation formation … However, there is another way. That is to break the restrictions of the Abyssal Demon Realm," Hua Tianming said. "With our current strength, it is not difficult to break the restrictions, but it will take some time."
"Return through the floating island," Luo Zheng said calmly.
With all the Saints dead, with the strength of Luo Zheng and the others, there was no one worthy of their fear.
The only one who could be considered a threat was the Xuanyuan Guards. Through Dongfang Chunjun's memories, Luo Zheng also learned that Elder Hu had left the floating island long ago …
Just as they made their decision, an invisible wave of energy suddenly spread out.
"Crack … crack …"
The ground in front of the Abyssal Demon Realm suddenly cracked.
The soil in the cracked ground turned into a head that was tens of thousands of feet tall. It rolled up a cloud of dust and opened its bloody mouth to swallow everyone.