Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.24

Chapter 2301
Lu Tianyi was in a miserable state after being bitten by the four-legged Earth Ghosts.
Half of his chest was torn apart, half of his neck was missing, and half of his arm was bitten off.
Lu Tianyi thought he was dead for sure as the four-legged Earth Ghosts tore at him.
When Luo Zheng slapped him with his palm, Lu Tianyi thought Luo Zheng was going to take the opportunity to kill him. After all, his attitude toward Luo Zheng wasn't ambiguous.
Lu Tianyi didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so skillful in using his strength that he could knock away all the four-legged Earth Ghosts with a single slap!
"You, you …" Lu Tianyi glared at Luo Zheng for a long while.
Luo Zheng kept his eyes on the path ahead and kept flying. At the same time, he waved his right hand and threw a light green pill into Lu Tianyi's mouth.
This injury was nothing to Lu Tianyi. After the pill dissolved in his mouth, the wounds on his body quickly healed and the flesh that had been bitten off grew back quickly …
At this moment, Lu Tianyi was extremely grateful to Luo Zheng.
He didn't expect this seemingly malicious stranger to save him at such a critical moment.
Looking at Patriarch Qianlong and the other True Gods flying ahead, he couldn't help but feel a trace of disgust.
When he first discovered the worldly anomaly here, he immediately entered the Thousand Dragon Realm to report it.
Patriarch Qianlong had vowed that he would reward him handsomely if he found anything in this cave. However, when he was truly in trouble, these people abandoned him without hesitation!
"Hiss, hiss, hiss, hiss …"
These four-legged Earth Ghosts were moving at a strange speed on the walls of the cave. Even if Luo Zheng flew through the cave, he couldn't shake them off.
"Behind us! There are so many Earth Ghosts! "
When Lu Tianyi heard those noises, he saw hundreds of black Earth Ghosts pouncing toward him and Luo Zheng from both sides. He warned them with a face full of fear.
Luo Zheng no longer had any reservations. His divine sense was constantly spreading out, so he knew what was going on behind him without even turning his head.
"God Slaying Sword Formation!"
Four invisible energy waves spread out and turned into four invisible longswords that spun rapidly.
"Power Tracing? A Paragon who specializes in the Strength Divine Dao? "
Lu Tianyi's eyes widened when he saw the powerful energy fluctuations. Lu Tianyi had been in the Evil Ghost Realm for many years, so he had seen a lot of things. However, he had never seen anything like this before, even though he had only heard of it before.
However, any Four-legged Earth Ghost that pounced on him was swatted away by this invisible longsword.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
These four-legged Earth Ghosts were known for their immense strength and thick skin. Even a Perfect True God would find it difficult to kill them.
However, it was not difficult for Luo Zheng to get rid of this kind of thing.
Those Four-legged Earth Ghosts that were swept away crashed into the cave walls formed by the tendons and rocks. They let out miserable shrieks, and then their black bodies directly sank into the tendons and rocks.
One of the talents of these Four-legged Earth Ghosts was that they could pass through the Tendon Rock Layer without any obstructions.
Not long after, this large group of Four-legged Earth Ghosts appeared above Luo Zheng.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
The dense mass of Four-legged Earth Ghosts actually crawled together, relying on their own bodies to form a large net.
"They're going to block our way!" Lu Tianyi said in horror.
"These monsters are quite smart." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Thunder Form Manifestation!"
"Crack!"
A pair of huge thunder wings spread out from Luo Zheng's back. Then, Luo Zheng's speed suddenly increased by more than one fold.
Lu Tianyi felt as if he was riding on the clouds. Before those Four-legged Earth Ghosts' large net closed, Luo Zheng had already brought him through it.
"A Perfect Divine Skill of the Dark Thunder Divine Way?"
Lu Tianyi's face was filled with a strange expression. He must have thought wrongly earlier. This Luo Zheng should be majoring in the Dark Thunder Divine Way, right?
As Luo Zheng increased his flying speed, he slowly got closer to the group in front of him.
Clan Leader Qian Long took the lead and rushed to the front.
Whenever a Four-legged Earth Ghost appeared to block their way, he waved his hands and released his Five-Colored Dao Connotation, sweeping these black monsters to the side.
"We can't keep going!" Kun Ao followed closely behind Clan Leader Qian Long with a distressed expression.
Another Perfect Stage cultivator also said worriedly, "If we stop, we'll be torn apart by these things. What can we do?"
"No matter how deep this cave is, there's an end! I don't believe we'll die in there today, "Clan Leader Qian Long said calmly.
"Crack!"
At that moment, everyone heard a thunderous explosion behind them.
Everyone's divine senses swept behind them. When they noticed the thunder wings on Luo Zheng's back, they were all surprised.
"That kid saved Lu Tianyi?"
"Ignore that kid …"
However, just as Luo Zheng caught up, many more Four-legged Earth Ghosts appeared from both sides of the cave wall.
The moment these Four-legged Earth Ghosts appeared, they did not directly pounce on the group. Instead, they stared at them with round eyes.
This behavior was somewhat abnormal …
Clan Leader Qian Long's gaze focused slightly. Then, he noticed that fist-sized holes had appeared on the cave wall. Deep within these holes, there was a faint green glow.
Clan Leader Qian Long was originally somewhat puzzled. When he reacted, his expression changed drastically. He exclaimed, "Everyone, be careful! Avoid those small holes!"
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
As soon as he said that, green lava suddenly shot out from the small holes that the Four-legged Earth Ghosts drilled out!
"Hellfire Flow!"
As it turned out, these Four-legged Earth Ghosts could not keep these people here. They actually drilled through the rock layer and drew out the Hellfire Flow!
This lava that had existed underground for a long time was even more terrifying than the seawater in the Sea of Time. Even a Saint would be burned to a crisp. Who could resist it?
"Swoosh …"
Three upper-level True Gods could not dodge in time and were pierced by the Hellfire Flow.
These Hellfire Flows were like a bunch of sharp arrows, leaving a fist-sized hole in their chests.
This bit of injury was not fatal to upper-level True Gods.
However, around the hole, there was still a bit of Hellfire Flow …
These upper-level True Gods looked at each other and saw the horror in each other's eyes.
"Save, save me! Who can save me!" One of the True Gods pleaded with a face full of fear.
"Gouge that Hellfire Flow out of their bodies!" someone roared.
However, who would dare to help them?
They would be done for if they were stained with just a little bit of the Hellfire Flow …
"Whoosh!"
What little remained of the Black Fire Torrent instantly ignited and turned into balls of green flames that enveloped the three upper true gods.
In the blink of an eye, the three upper-level True Gods completely disappeared!
Their bodies, souls, and even the world in their bodies were burned clean. They turned into balls of green Hellfire Flow that flowed into the cracks in the rock layer on the ground.

Chapter 2302
Seeing such a miserable situation, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air.
Even Patriarch Qian Long's eyes flashed with fear.
As a quasi-sage, as long as he was not in the forbidden area, he had the power to protect himself in any situation.
Those four-legged earth ghosts might be powerful, but they were not much of a threat to him.
But now, the Black Fire Torrent was different. Just a little bit of it was enough to burn him clean …
"Drip, drip, drip, drip …"
The Black Fire Torrent that rushed out of the rock layer just now flowed through the cracks in the ground.
A scorching aura came from the ground.
Everyone stood cautiously at a high point on the ground. Some True Gods simply floated in the air.
"Hiss, hiss, hiss, hiss …"
At this time, more and more four-legged earth ghosts came out of the rock layer, and more and more holes appeared on the cave wall.
Every hole was suffused with a faint green light.
It could be foreseen that soon, this cave would welcome a big eruption!
"It's over, it's over, we're dead …" an upper True God sobbed.
"Fight it out with them!"
"How? Can you block this magma? "
Just as everyone was at a loss, Luo Zheng looked around and frowned.
This could not go on …
He also did not expect.
His eyes flashed slightly, and he suddenly stretched out his hand and slashed at the ground.
"Hiss, hiss, hiss …"
The rock layer was very tough. Previously, Yu Taibai had to use a lot of strength to tear it open.
With all his strength, Luo Zheng finally pulled out a rock that was as tall as a person from the ground. Then he stretched out his hand and pointed at it.
Under the tracing of his strength, it turned into an invisible sword and cut the rock.
"Cha, cha, cha, cha …"
This rock that was as tall as a person was like a piece of aged ham that was constantly being sliced by invisible sharp swords.
When the others saw Luo Zheng's action, their eyes lit up.
Kun Ao's face showed a trace of joy. "Yes, this rock layer is not afraid of the Black Fire Torrent. We can use this rock as a shield!"
"What a strong strength! And it can be shaped at will? "Patriarch Qian Long's eyes flashed.
Patriarch Qianlong could also tear apart the stone layer if he went all out, but he couldn't do it as easily as Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng swung his sword eight times in a row, chopping the rock into nine pieces. He then stretched out his hand and slapped the side of the rock.
"Huff huff huff …"
The thick and tough sinews flew towards the crowd.
The life and death of these people had nothing to do with Luo Zheng, but this cave was too strange. If he wanted to escape unscathed, he couldn't rely on himself.
After Lu Tianyi received the tendon stone piece, he felt his arms sink down. He did not expect a piece of tendon stone to be so heavy. How much strength did it take to cut out these tendon stones?
By the time everyone had picked up the Tendon Stone Pieces, countless Black Flame Torrents finally spilled out from the densely packed holes on the wall!
Swish swish swish swish …
These Black Fire Torrents were like deadly arrows, shooting out from both sides.
"Everyone, gather! Each of you will face one side! "
Patriarch Qian Long didn't dare to be careless now. He held the tendon stone piece and stood on the left.
Kun Ao also stood close to Patriarch Qian Long, using the tendon stone piece in his hand to block the right side!
The others also followed suit and stood in pairs.
Sizzle sizzle sizzle …
Under the Black Fire Torrents, the Black Fire Torrents splashed on the side of the tendon stone piece.
A few upper-level True Gods held the stone piece tightly, their faces stiff and their hands trembling slightly.
If even a little bit of the Black Fire Torrent touched them, they would be buried here. Even these True Gods who had lived for countless years couldn't help but feel nervous!
Luo Zheng held the stone piece in his hand and leaned on Lu Tianyi's back. His expression was calm.
The more dangerous the situation, the more it was necessary to remain calm. Only then would they have a chance to survive.
"Everyone, move forward at a uniform speed and pass through this place!" Luo Zheng said calmly.
"That's right! Kun Ao and I will open the way in front. Everyone, follow us, "Patriarch Qian Long said.
Then the nine of them floated in the air and moved forward …
The Black Fire Torrents splashed everywhere like water. If they were careless, it was very likely that they would splash onto the people behind the stone piece.
Everyone was careful, so their speed was naturally as slow as a snail's.
Seeing this group of people come up with such a plan, the four-legged Earth Ghosts crawling on the cave walls could no longer remain calm.
Hiss hiss hiss …
Under the lead of the first four-legged Earth Ghost, the other four-legged Earth Ghosts pounced toward the group again.
Bam!
One of the four-legged Earth Ghosts slammed heavily into a shield.
The upper-level True God holding the shield was already panicking. Under such a collision, the shield suddenly flipped over.
The Black Fire Torrents that sprayed on the shield rushed upward. Then, like fairies scattering flowers, they turned into countless fatal raindrops and fell over everyone's heads.
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng was shocked when he saw this scene.
The other True Gods, including Patriarch Qian Long, Kun Ao, and another Paragon, were all dumbfounded.
Moving forward with the tendon stone piece was already difficult enough. How could they resist the Black Fire Torrents that were falling down?
If they panicked, they would probably be wiped out!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng suddenly roared, "Everyone, face the stone shield outwards and gather in the middle. Don't panic!"
This roar was fused with a strong soul power. This soul power was like a needle that pierced into everyone's mind.
Even Patriarch Qian Long felt an intense pain in his soul that he could not resist!
However, under this intense pain, they forgot their fear and no longer panicked. They formed a circle with their backs against each other.
Only one of the Paragon True Gods screamed and threw away the tendon stone piece. Then, they dashed in another direction …
Luo Zheng did not care about that Paragon. Instead, he held the tendon stone piece and leaped up.
Swish swish swish swish …
That tendon stone piece spiraled in the air at high speed and blocked all the Black Fire Torrents that were falling down. Not a single drop landed on anyone's head!
As for that Paragon True God who dashed out, although his body was agile, the Black Fire Torrents did not follow any pattern. After dashing out for a distance, he collided with a few four-legged Earth Ghosts. His body was slightly grazed by one of the Black Fire Torrents.
Whoosh!
A faint green flame enveloped his entire body.
In the blink of an eye, this Paragon True God turned into a pool of green liquid and dripped onto the ground …
"Old Mo!"
"Isn't he courting death by dashing out?"
"…"
When the others saw this scene, they felt extremely miserable. At the same time, they took a deep breath. Luckily, they did not dash out earlier.
In actual fact, many of them had the impulse to do so earlier.
However, because of Luo Zheng's soul attack, they temporarily forgot about this thought.
Hiss hiss hiss hiss hiss …
Although the situation had temporarily stabilized, the attacks of those four-legged Earth Ghosts did not stop.
Still, they continued to charge forward and collided with the stone plates of the crowd!
However, Luo Zheng, Patriarch Qian Long and Kun Ao took action at the same time and repelled the four-legged Earth Ghosts that were charging toward them.

Chapter 2303
The remaining eight carried the Eight-faced Tendon Stone Sheets and moved forward cautiously.
These Four-legged Earth Ghosts lived here all year round and were very familiar with the surrounding terrain.
However, under the joint efforts of Luo Zheng, Kun Ao, and Patriarch Qianlong, they had no chance to get close.
Moreover, these Four-legged Earth Ghosts were also afraid of death. After all, the Black Fire Torrents were flying around the cave. If they were not careful, they would be burned to death …
After about a hundred Four-legged Earth Ghosts were burned clean, the Four-legged Earth Ghosts finally stopped attacking.
They just kept disappearing from the surface of the Tendon Stone Layer, drilling more holes, and drawing out more Black Fire Torrents …
Just like this, they moved forward against the Black Fire Torrents for about an hour. Suddenly, the front opened up.
"Okay! We'll be safe once we get through! "Kun Ao said happily.
The cave ahead was very large. These Four-legged Earth Ghosts drilled holes in the cave walls, relying on the pressure of the Black Fire Torrents themselves.
After reaching the open area, the pressure in the holes was not enough. Naturally, the Black Fire Torrents were no longer a threat …
As the group approached the open area, the Four-legged Earth Ghosts really stopped drilling.
They even stopped chasing after the group and disappeared into the Tendon Stone Layer.
Patriarch Qianlong then cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng. "Thank you for saving us just now!"
Just now, if not for Luo Zheng taking action, most likely everyone would have been completely annihilated.
Even Patriarch Qianlong did not have the confidence to avoid all of the Black Fire Torrents.
Although Patriarch Qianlong had the intention to kill Luo Zheng before, it was all gone now. Whether Luo Zheng came on his own or followed him, he played a huge role and saved his life.
Luo Zheng just nodded faintly. "In such a difficult situation, we need to take care of each other. I not only helped to save people, but also to save myself."
Patriarch Qianlong smiled and could not help but nod.
At his level of cultivation, his vision was naturally not ordinary.
In the countless years of exploration, many people had died because of selfishness and distrust. Luo Zheng did not know them, but he could recognize this point. It was enough to show his perspective and vision.
But when the group walked to the open area and looked ahead, their slightly relieved hearts suddenly hung in the air.
"Gulp, gulp …"
At the bottom of this wide cave, there was a huge pool.
However, what was in the deep pool was not water, but a pool of burning water.
A blazing aura spread out from the pool. Under this aura, they felt their faces were burning.
Everyone was hesitant about whether they should move forward or not.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate too much. Holding the stone plate, he lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and floated up.
Seeing this, the others followed suit.
Although Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Zheng Zheng Zheng Zheng Luo Zheng Zheng Zheng Zheng Zheng Zheng Luo Zheng Zheng Luo Luo.
After all, this thing could block the Black Fire Torrent and could save lives at critical moments …
Gulp … Gulp … Gulp Luo …
Bubbles were Fire Torrents of Fire Torrents of Flames, Lulululuo Luo Stone and Lulululululululuo Fire bubbles bubbles.
Although they knew that it was impossible for living creatures to exist in the Inferno Current, they still couldn't help but feel nervous when each bubble popped up.
Earth Fire Lululuo Luluo Luo Luo 'Lulululuo Lulululululuo Zheng??
The essence of the Black Fire Torrent was also a type of magma, and contained within it was also a type of flame.
His head flickered as he quietly activated the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind.
The golden rings in his eyes flickered, but the Immeasurable Ruler did not react.
There was no trace of Dao in this flame. It did not seem to have evolved from the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao …
"That's strange …"
Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Although his body could resist all kinds of flames, it would be difficult for him to resist Black Fire Torrents.
After walking for ten miles in this wide cave, a series of rumbling sounds came from ahead.
"Splash!"
Black Fire Torrents suddenly sprayed out from the deep pools. After pouring over the top of the cave, they splashed down in all directions.
Although the stone layer at the top of the cave was not afraid of Black Fire Torrents, after years of pouring, large holes appeared one after another.
When they saw this scene, everyone stopped in their tracks once more.
"Is this a fountain?"
"How can we pass this!"
This time, they had seen for themselves that there was such a terrifying place in the Divine Realm besides the Forbidden Lands.
"Splash …"
The Black Fire Torrents in the deep pools rose and fell one after another, as if responding to each other from afar.
Luo Zheng silently observed for a while, then said, "These Black Fire Torrents erupt intermittently. Everyone, watch carefully. It won't be difficult to rush through!"
Patriarch Qianlong nodded. "Just find the rhythm."
These words were said lightly, but one wrong step and they would be consigned to eternal damnation. Everyone was still under great psychological pressure.
Luo Zheng slowly spread out his Divine Sense and slowly closed his eyes.
There were about a thousand such deep pools in front of them. Some of these pools erupted all at once, while others erupted once in a while.
Luo Zheng silently memorized the timing and rhythm of each deep pool's eruption.
After about an hour, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes and said, "Everyone, let's go together! Trust me! "
Lu Tianyi was the first to follow Luo Zheng.
In Lu Tianyi's eyes, Luo Zheng was more trustworthy than Kun Ao and Patriarch Qianlong.
After all, Patriarch Qianlong and the others didn't care about their lives at all. On the contrary, it was Luo Zheng, an "outsider", who had never abandoned them from beginning to end.
The others had nothing to say. At this point, they could only grit their teeth and move forward.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng flew out, and the others followed closely behind.
In an instant, they had covered a distance of a thousand feet. Luo Zheng said, "Stop!"
"Swish swish swish …"
Everyone stopped in the air like Luo Zheng.
"Splash …"
The six or seven deep pools around them also began to erupt in unison. Only the deep pool under their feet was calm as usual.
After those deep pools finished erupting, the deep pool under them began to bubble.
"Plop, plop …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he spat out a word. "Let's go!"
Without any hesitation, everyone followed Luo Zheng and flew away.
The moment they rushed out, the deep pool behind them had already erupted …
This scene shocked everyone. At the same time, they secretly admired Luo Zheng. They had to admit that Luo Zheng's path was indeed correct and safe.
Just like this, they walked and stopped, and went straight up without any danger.
After about two hours, they finally passed through the deep pools. On the side of the cave wall not far away, a small black sacrificial altar appeared.
On this sacrificial altar, a stone was enshrined!
It was a gray stone-shaped mouse, as if it was carefully carved!
After seeing this Stone Mouse, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly skipped a beat.
He naturally knew that this Stone Mouse was not carved, but grew naturally. This was the reincarnation of the Stone Mouse!

Chapter 2304
That smell …
Before Luo Zheng entered the cave, he had smelled it from the hot wind.
Now that the smell appeared again, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel puzzled.
Patriarch Qianlong's eyes flashed when he saw the stone rat.
He didn't know what the stone rat was, but it was definitely not ordinary …
He had taken a great risk all the way down! He had to take the stone rat for himself!
Among the eight people present, Kun Ao was definitely not his match.
The only one that Patriarch Qianlong was wary of was Luo Zheng. Although this kid was only in the Great Perfection stage, he had a lot of tricks up his sleeves. He was definitely not an ordinary Great Perfection stage.
According to Patriarch Qianlong's speculation, Luo Zheng was very likely to come from a wealthy family on the floating island.
At this moment, everyone else had their own ulterior motives!
Especially Kun Ao!
Although he was the poorest, his eyes were full of greed when he saw the stone rat.
Seeing that Patriarch Qianlong hadn't moved, he narrowed his eyes and decided to strike first!
Whoosh!
Kun Ao rushed to the stone rat in the blink of an eye and grabbed it in his hand.
"Kun Ao! Do you want to die? "
Patriarch Qianlong's expression turned cold when he saw Kun Ao's action.
Although Patriarch Qianlong also wanted the stone rat, he was still rational.
Now that the way back was sealed and he couldn't use greater teleportation, so what if he got the best treasure?
He still couldn't leave, right?
This was one of the reasons why Patriarch Qianlong didn't rush out immediately.
"Hahaha, this thing …" Kun Ao grabbed the stone rat and laughed. His expression suddenly froze, and when he looked at his hand again, it was empty. "What's going on …"
Everyone looked over at the same time.
As if someone was performing a magic trick, a rather magical scene appeared.
The stone rat that was supposed to be in Kun Ao's hand reappeared on the sacrificial altar!
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The stone rat disappeared from Kun Ao's hand and returned to the sacrificial altar without the slightest spatial fluctuation.
Logically speaking, this was impossible …
Patriarch Qianlong also sensed that something was wrong. "This thing … is strange!"
After saying that, he strode towards the Stone Rat and grabbed it in his hand. After taking two steps back, he also felt that his hand was lighter. The Stone Rat disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
No one, including Patriarch Qian Long, noticed how the stone rat had vanished!
After Clan Leader Qian Long gave it a try, the other upper true gods also gave it a try.
Soon, they discovered that the Stone Rats were unable to move more than three feet away from the sacrificial altar. Once they were more than three feet away, they would automatically return to their original position.
Some people had placed this stone rat into their spatial ring, or even placed it in their own inner world. But as long as it moved more than three feet away, the stone rat would naturally return to the sacrificial altar.
"This thing is so evil!"
"The spatial laws here are completely ineffective. How did this thing do it?"
"This is too strange!"
For a moment, everyone was at their wit's end.
Luo Zheng didn't participate in the discussion. After a while, he said faintly, "Everyone, do you feel that the fishy sweet smell is getting stronger?"
After Luo Zheng's reminder, these people all sniffed.
"Hmm, what a strange fragrance …"
"I smelled it once in the cave!"
"Where is this smell coming from?"
Only then did everyone focus their attention on this fragrance.
This fishy sweet smell rushed straight to their nostrils, growing stronger and stronger.
Luo Zheng felt a slight tingling sensation in his soul …
At this moment, a series of explosions could be heard.
Luo Zheng looked over and saw countless snake-shaped cracks on both sides of the cave walls rapidly spreading.
"Ka ka ka …"
It wasn't just the sides of the cave walls; it was the same under their feet.
This cave formed from the stone layer was about to collapse?
"Huala huala …"
It was fine if the stone layer was collapsing, but from the cracks, a huge amount of Black Flame Torrent was rushing out!
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed drastically. Everyone else's faces also turned ashen.
They had already done their best to avoid such a dangerous situation.
Now, faced with the power of heaven and earth collapsing and the Black Flame Torrent, how could they avoid it?
"Retreat, retreat, retreat!"
"How can we retreat …"
"Poor me. I just became an upper true god. Today, I'm going to fall in such an inexplicable place!"
The upper True Gods were all howling in grief.
Luo Zheng, Patriarch Qianlong, and Kun Ao calmed down at this moment.
They had almost used all their skills to avoid these stones and the Black Flame Torrent that was already rolling towards them.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng grabbed the stone plate and floated in the air, blocking a handful of Black Flame Torrent that was falling on top of his head.
Then, he suddenly flipped his body and kicked away a stone the size of a small mountain …
Now, his muscles were bulging, and his strength had been pushed to the limit. If it wasn't for the small space here, he would have turned into a Rage God.
However, even though he had almost used all his strength, the scene he saw after kicking away the stone made his heart sink.
The torrent formed by the Black Flame Torrent was rolling and had drowned everyone, including Patriarch Qianlong and Kun Ao. They didn't even have time to scream before they died.
Now, he was the only one left!
"Why is this happening …"
The Black Flame Torrent had almost occupied all the space in the cave. There was no way to avoid it.
When the Black Flame Torrent was rushing towards Luo Zheng, he silently activated a golden pattern on his chest!
"Absolute Beginning Promise!"
The Absolute Beginning Promise was a promise made since the creation of the God Realm …
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, this promise should have been made by Chiyou himself to be immune to all Dao attacks in the God Realm.
However, even if the Absolute Beginning Promise was activated, it wasn't invincible. It couldn't be immune to soul attacks and physical attacks.
This Black Flame Torrent wasn't born from Divine Dao Dao Dao Essence, so he didn't know if it was effective!
"Buzz …"
A golden light completely enveloped Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the Black Flame Torrent had completely drowned Luo Zheng!
"It's effective!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
This layer of golden light on the surface of his body was to isolate the Black Flame Torrent from his body.
However, the Absolute Beginning Promise had a time limit …
After activation, it could only last for three breaths.
With the protection of the Absolute Beginning Promise, Luo Zheng struggled to swim in the Black Flame Torrent. He wanted to escape as soon as possible!
One breath …
Two breaths …
Three breaths …
The golden light on the surface of his body quickly dimmed. However, the Black Flame Torrent seemed to be endless. He couldn't escape at all.
"The last Absolute Beginning Promise!"
When Luo Zheng faced the Demon Tue, he had activated the Absolute Beginning Promise.
Now, it was the last one …
In other words, he only had three breaths of time left!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Accompanied by the golden light on the surface of his body, Luo Zheng was still struggling to swim.
However, it was as if he was hiding in the deep sea. He couldn't swim to the surface of the sea. After using up the last three breaths of time, the golden light on the surface of his body finally disappeared.
He was completely enveloped by the Black Flame Torrent!
"This time, I won't be so lucky?" Luo Zheng had a bitter and complicated feeling in his heart.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
A burning feeling came from the outside to the inside.
He looked at his hands and saw that they were quickly being burned away.
The Black Flame Torrent came from the outside to the inside …

Chapter 2305
There was no way to resist the erosion of the Black Fire Torrent.
At the last moment, Luo Zheng's mind was blank.
He didn't even have time to think about the regrets of this life before he fell into absolute darkness …
If even the soul was melted, it meant that he would disappear from this world forever.
There were many legends in the Realm of Gods that people would go to hell when they died, which referred to the Abyss of Demons.
They imagined that the Abyss of Demons had 18 levels, and that it was filled with demons and ghosts. Almost all the incarnations of fear would appear in the Abyss of Demons.
"Yu Taibai said that the Stone Forest Rat hid the secret of reincarnation …"
"Yue Yinliu, who should have died, might not have died …"
"If you want to reincarnate, you have to start from the Abyss of Demons?"
"Then it shouldn't be a coincidence that the Stone Forest Rat's body appeared at the edge of the Abyss of Demons?"
"Wait? Why can I still think? Didn't I die? "
If the soul was destroyed, then it would completely turn into nothingness, and the consciousness of thinking would naturally disappear.
When Luo Zheng realized this, a glimmer of hope suddenly lit up in his heart!
But now he couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't see, couldn't smell, and couldn't move. Apart from that wisp of consciousness, there seemed to be nothing else …
At this moment, a consciousness suddenly communicated with Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, are you okay?"
"9527!" Luo Zheng was slightly delighted. "You're okay too?"
Logically speaking, if Luo Zheng's body was corroded, the bone in his chest and 9527's soul in the bone should also be burned.
He didn't expect 9527 to suddenly take the initiative to speak …
"Of course I'm okay. Why would I be?" 9527 said strangely.
This answer made Luo Zheng feel strange. Luo Zheng continued to ask, "Wasn't my body burned? The piece of bone that contained you should have been burned as well … "
Even if he activated two Promises of the Beginning, it couldn't save his life.
Entering that cave meant certain death.
9527 was silent for a while, then laughed. "It wasn't burned at all, okay?"
"It wasn't burned?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Yes, the bone pieces, the flesh, everything was not burned..." 9527 replied calmly.
The more Luo Zheng listened, the more confused he became. Then he asked, "Then what's wrong with me now?"
"Your six senses have been taken away. Now you are lying on the ground with the word 'big'," 9527 said again.
"…"
Luo Zheng felt his mind was in a mess.
The scene of him being engulfed by the Black Flame Torrent was clearly etched in his mind. Why did this happen?
"What the hell is going on? Do you know 9527? "Luo Zheng asked.
Although 9527 was an insignificant spiritual body, it was still a divided soul of the Ancient God of Chaos. Its knowledge was much broader than Luo Zheng's.
"I'm ashamed to say that I was also deceived by the Soul-attracting Incense at first," 9527 replied. "It wasn't until the second time I smelled the Soul-attracting Incense that I realized the strangeness of this cave. But it was already too late. You had already been moved to this damned place!"
"Soul-attracting Incense? What kind of place is this? "Luo Zheng still looked confused.
"In fact, there was nothing in this cave that you entered. Whether it was the Four-legged Earth Ghost or the Black Flame Torrent, they didn't exist," 9527 said calmly. "From the first time you smelled the Soul-attracting Incense, you were already affected."
When Luo Zheng just stepped into the stone layer, he smelled a fishy sweet fragrance.
This Soul-attracting Incense had already trapped everyone in an environment …
And the second Soul-attracting Incense had created an inescapable death situation.
"…" Luo Zheng was silent for a while after hearing 9527's explanation. Then he said, "You're saying that all of this is a huge illusion?"
"You can't say that. At least the Stone Forest Rat is real," 9527 said again. "If I'm not wrong, the Stone Forest Rat should be the means to the place of reincarnation …"
"The place of reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
9527 thought for a while and said, "The world in your body is not perfect. It's normal that you don't understand it. Some people in the mother world will leave a door for the creatures when they build the world. That is, a chance for reincarnation."
"Reincarnation means that you can be reborn with your previous memories?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," 9527 thought for a while and said, "According to my speculation, the Stone Forest Rat should have been left for the Li Tribe. But after the Li Tribe in the divine realm was killed, it eventually fell into the hands of others …"
"Could it be Yue Yinliu?"
Before they left, Luo Zheng heard Yu Taibai and Aunt Hanjiu mention this person.
He thought for a while and replied, "But now that the Stone Forest Rat has reincarnated again, it has nothing to do with Yue Yinliu. Why would we enter such an illusion again?"
"I don't know." 9527 couldn't think of a reason. "The biggest possibility is that someone has already monopolized the Stone Forest Rat in advance and doesn't want others to enter the place of reincarnation and obtain the ability to reincarnate."
"But this person didn't succeed in stopping me. Or did he let me enter the place of reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's the theory, but your six senses have been sealed. You can't move at all. The word 'success' can't be considered, right? You probably fell into the place of reincarnation through some abnormal means. That's why your six senses are sealed. "9527 smiled slightly.
Luo Zheng thought for a while. 9527's words made sense.
In his current state, he was probably no different from a dead person …
"What about the others?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The others are just like you. They can only lie on the ground." 9527 looked around. Whether it was the patriarch of Qian Long or Kun Ao, they were all lying on the ground motionless like corpses.
It thought for a while and said, "I can transmit my perception of the environment to you …"
After that …
Luo Zheng felt 9527's consciousness.
When 9527's consciousness connected with his soul, the surrounding scene suddenly appeared in his mind.
This was a pitch-black world, surrounded by nothingness.
But not far away, Luo Zheng saw a small altar, and the statue of the Stone Forest Rat was still sitting on the altar!
Unlike the altar he saw before, there were wisps of green smoke floating around the altar at this moment …
Luo Zheng thought for a while and asked 9527, "9527, can you control my body? I want to take a look at the altar. "
Luo Zheng felt that the key to the problem was still the altar of the Stone Forest Rat. But after his six senses were taken away, he couldn't get his body up.
But 9527 didn't seem to be affected by such restrictions …
"I'll try." 9527 didn't hesitate too much. It poured its consciousness into Luo Zheng's mind.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's body wobbled as he got up.
But just as he got up, he lost his balance and fell to the ground with a "plop".
"Sorry, it's my first time controlling a human body," 9527 said lightly.

Chapter 2306
Just as Luo Zheng got up and walked two steps, a huge figure suddenly emerged from the darkness not far away.
The huge figure was moving slowly in the darkness, but 9527 was still able to identify it with her sharp senses.
Not long after, two small green dots emerged from the darkness. They were actually rats that were taller than a person!
"What a big rat …"
After noticing the rat, 9527 controlled Luo Zheng's body to suddenly stop and stand motionless.
The rat climbed over gently. When it got close to the nearest upper true god, it picked him up with its mouth and dragged him into the darkness …
The upper true god's six senses were sealed, so he did not know his own situation.
Even if this huge rat chewed him up from head to toe, this upper True God probably wouldn't know.
It would be a real shame to die like this …
In his current state, once he was targeted by the rat, it would be hard for him to survive.
His body was much stronger than those true gods, and even stronger than Clan Leader Qianlong. Maybe the rat could not chew him up, and he could save his life?
But it was obviously unrealistic to pin his hopes on this.
"This rat is not intelligent. It won't eat you for a while." 9527 felt Luo Zheng's worry and comforted him instead.
After that, 9527 continued to control Luo Zheng's body to move slowly …
"Where do you think these rats came from?" Luo Zheng asked strangely.
"It should be set up by the person who monopolized the Stone Forest Rats. The Soul-attracting Incense can only create illusions, but it can't kill people. After your six senses are sealed, you can only be eaten by these big rats obediently. "9527 continued to infer.
"It's very possible …"
9527's inference could probably explain some of the problems reasonably.
It would take a long time to understand the ins and outs of this place …
He had just moved a few steps when a few green lights came from the darkness in the distance.
"Here they come again!"
After 9527 said that, Luo Zheng's body stiffened again and he stood motionless in the same place.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was very close to the altar...
After three gigantic rats appeared in the darkness, two of them did not hesitate at all and took away the bodies of the two upper true gods on the ground.
And one of them was slowly walking towards Luo Zheng!
"Oh no …"
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and asked, "9527, can you run?"
"Even if we run, I'm afraid we can't outrun this big rat …" 9527 said helplessly.
He could barely control Luo Zheng's body, which was far less flexible than Luo Zheng's body. Unless Luo Zheng allowed him to seize his soul and take over his body …
So Luo Zheng and 9527 just stared at the big rat quietly.
After the big rat walked towards Luo Zheng for a while, it suddenly turned its head and stared at the Perfect Real God called Kun Ao.
Without any warning, he turned around and walked towards Kun Ao.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng and 9527 heaved a sigh of relief.
After all, it was a beast without intelligence …
After the big rat dragged Kun Ao into the darkness, Luo Zheng finally quickened his pace.
Three steps in two steps, and he was already on the altar.
9527 released his consciousness and looked around.
Other than the swirling light smoke, he did not find anything unusual …
"What do we do now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Take out the corpse of the Stone Forest Rat," 9527 said.
Luo Zheng did not have many clues to come here, and he only relied on the rat corpse.
Every time the Stone Forest Rat reincarnated, it would rely on the rat corpse from the previous life to find it. This rat corpse should be the key.
"But how do I take it out now …" Luo Zheng said again.
But it was not so easy to take out the rat corpse from the Sumeru Ring now.
This Sumeru Ring only had Luo Zheng's soul imprint, so 9527's soul could not be taken out.
9527 thought for a while, then raised his right hand to his forehead. "Release your consciousness and try to open the soul imprint in the Sumeru Ring …"
"Release my consciousness …"
Luo Zheng's soul's six senses were sealed by the restriction, as if it was locked in a dark box. Without 9527's help, he could not distinguish between north, south, east, and west.
But now he could only try …
Luo Zheng's soul glowed with a golden color.
Under the urging of the huge soul pressure, his consciousness became abnormally strong.
He was now forcibly breaking through this layer of restriction.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng's soul was constantly trembling, and he urged his consciousness to rush out of his mind and communicate with his Sumeru Ring.
But even with his full strength, the Sumeru Ring still did not move.
It seemed that the restriction set up by the Soul-luring Incense was very powerful. After all, a restriction that could seal Luo Zheng and Patriarch Qianlong, who were quasi-sages, was not something an ordinary True God could do.
"It didn't work." Luo Zheng smiled bitterly.
"Again," 9527 said lightly.
Luo Zheng nodded, and his expression became very serious again …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Accompanied by the golden light on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, the invisible soul pressure shot out of his mind.
"Emotion Severing Divine Path!"
This time, he urged the Emotion Severing Divine Path, not to perform sword moves, but only to open his Sumeru Ring. This was also a helpless action.
Under his urging with all his strength, a wisp of soul pressure finally broke through the restriction!
Taking advantage of the moment when the soul pressure broke through, Luo Zheng poured his consciousness into the Sumeru Ring and pulled out the Stoneclaw Rat's corpse!
"Bang!"
The Stoneclaw Rat's corpse fell on the altar.
9527 and Luo Zheng's attention focused on the rat's corpse again.
The rat's corpse emitted a faint luster as usual, but there was no other movement.
"It seems … useless?" Luo Zheng said.
"No, look!" 9527 transmitted the scene he perceived to Luo Zheng.
The Stoneclaw Rat's corpse was immortal and undecayed. It was originally a very magical creature.
But now, after the rat's corpse fell on the altar, its originally soft and shining hair began to fall off one by one, and its body began to decay.
In the blink of an eye, the entire Stoneclaw Rat's corpse had turned into a pile of white bones.
The white bones also rapidly decayed, and cracks appeared. Finally, it turned into a pile of ash and sank into the altar.
The altar began to slowly rotate.
After about three and a half revolutions, a faint orange luster suddenly emerged from the center of the altar!
"Swish …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the restriction that sealed his six senses had disappeared.
Under a wave of dizziness, Luo Zheng's sense of touch, smell, and hearing all returned!
But at the same time, the Stoneclaw Rat on the altar came to life and rushed toward Luo Zheng without any explanation!
"Squeak squeak squeak!"
The Stoneclaw Rat's bean-sized eyes looked at Luo Zheng with hatred.
Its target was Luo Zheng's Dantian.
As early as when Luo Zheng first came to the Realm of the Gods, he was bitten by the Stoneclaw Rat once …
At that time, the Stoneclaw Rat entered his Inner World and was corroded to death by the chaotic aura.

Chapter 2307
The last time the Stone Forest Rat reincarnated, it had the cultivation of a middle-level True God.
The Evil Old Man was no match for the Stone Forest Rat, and his body had been destroyed.
After this reincarnation, its cultivation had dropped by another level, and it was now only a lower-level True God.
The only difference was that Luo Zheng had grown from a mere Proof of Divinity warrior to a Perfected True God.
Just as the Stone Forest Rat approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng grabbed it with a wave of his hand!
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
The Stone Forest Rat struggled in Luo Zheng's hand. It curled up and opened its mouth to bite Luo Zheng's finger.
One of the Stone Forest Rat's talents was that it could pass through any object. At that time, Luo Zheng's body was already extremely tough, but the Stone Forest Rat still managed to penetrate it.
If it bit Luo Zheng's finger, it could still break it!
Naturally, Luo Zheng would not let that happen.
He held the Stone Forest Rat's tail with one hand and shook it lightly. Its head, which had turned around, could only hang down.
No matter how it struggled, it was like a toy.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak!"
After trying a few times, the Stone Forest Rat finally chose to give up and suddenly let out an ear-piercing squeak.
As the squeak spread out …
"Squeak, squeak, squeak" sounds could be heard from all directions.
Countless small green dots of light appeared from the darkness, followed by the silhouettes of huge rats.
"Strictly speaking, these rats can't be considered your kind …" Luo Zheng looked at the rats and smiled faintly.
Since the Stone Forest Rat was a unique True Spirit, it was a unique existence. Naturally, it could not exist in a tribe.
However, it seemed that it could indeed summon these rats.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak …"
These originally stupid rats finally saw Luo Zheng on the sacrificial altar.
When their eyes saw the Stone Forest Rat in Luo Zheng's hand, they immediately glowed with a dark red light …
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
Rats were originally agile. Even with their huge bodies, their speed was still astonishing. It did not take long for them to reach Luo Zheng.
Facing these rats, a flash of lightning flashed across Luo Zheng's eyes.
"Crackle …"
A chain of lightning suddenly appeared in front of him and hit the first mouse. Then, it quickly jumped to another mouse.
In the blink of an eye, the chain of lightning had already leaped hundreds of times.
With each jump, a large rat would tremble and die.
Soon, over a hundred rats lay motionless on the ground …
Then, Luo Zheng slowly lifted the Stone Forest Rat and said indifferently, "Every time you reincarnate, you have memories of your past life. Naturally, your intelligence is not low, so you must be able to understand my words … I want to know, who set up this restriction?"
Hanging upside down in the air, the Stone Forest Rat stared at Luo Zheng with its bean-sized eyes. It seemed like it didn't want to speak.
"I know even if you don't say it. It should be Yue Yinliu," Luo Zheng said indifferently. "Apart from him, no one else who obtained you before him had the ability to lay down such a powerful restriction. And the people after him … should have been eaten by those big rats. So, who has Yue Yinliu reincarnated as now?"
In the divine eras before Yue Yinliu, there must have been people who obtained the Stone Forest Rat.
Those people probably didn't have a thorough understanding of the secret of reincarnation, so naturally, they couldn't reach Yue Yinliu's level.
Those who obtained the Stone Forest Rat after him were probably eaten up by those big rats, just like Kun Ao and the others …
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …" The Stone Forest Rat continued to squeak, as if it couldn't communicate with Luo Zheng at all.
Luo Zheng stared at its bean-sized eyes and sneered. "Playing dumb?"
Then, he pressed it on the altar with one hand. "It seems that as long as your body is thrown on the altar, you can immediately reincarnate without a long wait? Do you want me to try again? "
As he spoke, he pressed down on the Stone Forest Rat's tail with one finger while terrifying electric arcs danced on his other hand.
The electric arcs, which contained the perfect Profound Thunder Divine Dao, exuded an extremely powerful aura.
When the Stone Forest Rat noticed the electric arcs, fear appeared in its bean-sized eyes …
Luo Zheng's guess was correct.
If it died on the altar, it could indeed reincarnate directly.
The Stone Forest Rat was an immortal existence in the Realm of the Gods, but its situation was very special!
But even if it could reincarnate infinitely, it didn't want to experience the feeling of being killed again and again!
"Squeak … This is the place of reincarnation! So far, only four people in the Realm of the Gods have successfully reincarnated. You can see for yourself. Why do you keep forcing me? "the Stone Forest Rat suddenly said in a shrill voice.
It finally spoke.
Although its voice was ear-piercing and strange, Luo Zheng understood every word.
"Four people successfully reincarnated?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes, squeak …" the Stone Forest Rat said helplessly.
"Take me there," Luo Zheng said again.
Now, the Stone Forest Rat seemed to have no other choice when facing Luo Zheng.
It really didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to break Yue Yinliu's seal …
If not for this accident, it would have waited here quietly. That person had said that if he couldn't find its corpse, he would find it!
There was not only one way to enter the place of reincarnation. The other way was the Abyss Demon Territory.
Although the path to the Abyss Demon Territory was extremely difficult, it believed that he could find it!
Under the Stone Forest Rat's lead, Luo Zheng left the altar and walked into the darkness.
After walking for about a few hundred feet, a row of low steps appeared in front of Luo Zheng. After climbing two or three hundred steps, Luo Zheng felt a grand aura coming from ahead!
That aura was very similar to the aura of a soul, but such a grand aura was definitely not released by a soul.
"What's behind the steps?" Luo Zheng was curious.
"You'll know when you climb up," the Stone Forest Rat replied.
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally reached the top of the stairs. When he looked down, he saw tens of millions of specks of light floating in the air. It was a huge sea of specks of light ….
Even the stars in the sky couldn't compete with this scene …
"What, what are these?" Luo Zheng was shocked by the scene in front of him.

Chapter 2308
Every living being born in the Divine Realm would produce a bit of Flame of Memory.
Since time immemorial …
The number of Flame of Memory that had been born was unimaginably large.
The amount of Flame of Memory in this "sea of flames" was naturally uncountable.
9527 had just finished speaking when a Flame of Memory floated towards Luo Zheng.
"Is this Flame of Memory considered a soul?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Reincarnation was an extremely mysterious concept to begin with, so Luo Zheng was naturally filled with curiosity.
Based on his previous understanding, reincarnation should be the rebirth of a soul. That was why one possessed the memories of their previous life.
"No," 9527 said indifferently. "Your soul is just a carrier for your memories. These Flame of Memory are the true imprints of a living being's existence. They record the life of a living being."
"The soul is just a carrier?" Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
A faint purple Flame of Memory floated towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng reached out and touched it lightly.
This Flame of Memory did not give him any sensation. It was as if it were just a speck of light.
After touching it, a strange sensation traveled from his finger to Luo Zheng's mind.
"Buzz!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was immersed in this Flame of Memory.
For a moment, countless scenes flashed through Luo Zheng's mind …
These were actually the memories of a child.
Fierce Jade Divine City …
Three thousand disciples of the Lie Family were sent to cultivate under the Dao Tablet. This child was one of them.
This child was called Lie Huan. He was only four years old, but his talent in cultivating the Fledgling Flame Divine Way was unparalleled.
He had already become a Proof of Divinity expert at the age of four and was allowed to comprehend the Dao Tablet of the Fledgling Flame Divine Way.
He was treated like a treasure by the Lie Family.
"In less than a thousand years, our Lie Family will definitely produce another secondary saint …"
"Our Lie Family should recommend him to the Fang Family and send him to one of the Floating Island Noble Clans to cultivate!"
"Perhaps with Lie Huan's help, our Lie Family can become one of the Noble Clans!"
The elders of the Lie Family were filled with hope for "Lie Huan."
The Flame of Memory kept flashing through Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng could feel all kinds of emotions in this child's life: pride, fear, tears, happiness …
It even included his comprehension of the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao!
"This kind of comprehension will be of great help to my cultivation." Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Cultivation was a process of constant "comprehension", and within the flames of memory, Lie Huan's unique understanding of the Fledgling Flame Divine Way was recorded. Experiencing it once was almost equivalent to self-cultivation!
In fact, the effect was even better!
After all, the vast majority of people in God's Domain were mediocre. Geniuses like Lie Huan were few and far between.
This kind of cultivation experience might not be of much use to Luo Zheng, but to other Real Gods, it was an unimaginable cultivation resource.
If someone could come here and continuously read the 'Flames of Memory' and inherit the cultivation experience in the memories, the improvement of one's cultivation could be said to be twice the result with half the effort …
A single Flame of Memory contained a complete and rich comprehension, while countless Flames of Memory contained countless comprehensions!
If one could make full use of these Flames of Memory, one could raise one's cultivation speed to a terrifying level. It might even allow a Proof of Divinity cultivator to step into the upper True God stage in a short amount of time, or even the Great Perfection stage.
"Fledgling Flame Divine Dao … transmutation is the medium of the mind. One must refine oneself without the mind to achieve …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to pry into Lie Huan's cultivation memories, they suddenly came to an abrupt end!
In the final scene, Luo Zheng saw a snow-white broadsword cut through Lie Huan's neck.
"Father, the person who killed me is … is uncle …" Before dying, Lie Huan used his divine sense to transmit the name of the person who killed him.
"Weng …"
After Luo Zheng finished reading the memories in the book, Lie Huan's flame of memory finally dissipated.
He looked at the Flame of Memory and felt rather emotional.
Lie Huan could be considered a genius among geniuses, but from his birth to his death, only ten years had passed.
In the end, he had died tragically under the blade of his own uncle. This was also the tragedy of a family dispute.
However, from the Flame of Memory, Luo Zheng didn't sense any resentment from Lie Huan. He was probably just a talented and naive child after all. Even though he was killed by his own uncle in the end, he didn't have much resentment.
He just didn't know what happened to the Lie Family afterward …
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the Lie Family used to be a first-rate family in the northern part of the Divine Realm.
There was even a saying that they were a "quasi-aristocratic family".
The Lie Family had two Secondary Saints overseeing it. They were probably one of the last families to be conferred the title of Aristocratic Family in these few Divine Eras.
It was precisely because of the incident with Lie Huan that a series of internal strife broke out.
The Patriarch was assassinated, and one of the main bloodlines of the family was implicated and executed. In the end, the two Secondary Saints overseeing the family took action. Both sides suffered heavy losses, and even now, the family had yet to recover.
The Flame of Memory slowly drifted away …
Luo Zheng touched another Flame of Memory with his finger.
"Weng …"
The moment he touched it, he was once again surrounded by the Flame of Memory …
There wasn't anything special about this Flame of Memory. It was just a God resident in a remote mountainous area.
This God resident had never walked out of that mountain in his entire life. He hadn't even been able to enter a God City. In the end, this mountain village was embroiled in a family war for no reason, and this God resident died in the process.
Just as Luo Zheng was continuously reading through the Flame of Memory …
A hint of craftiness flashed through the eyes of the Stone Forest Rat in Luo Zheng's hand.
Its gaze slightly shifted into the distance …
The Flame of Memory itself was divided into different levels.
The longer one lived, the more memories one had, and the brighter the Flame of Memory.
Some True Gods had lived for dozens of Divine Eras, and these True Gods had countless times more memories than ordinary people.
Under the Stone Forest Rat's control, the extremely bright Flame of Memory within this sea of countless Flame of Memory was slowly drifting toward Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng didn't notice this. He was still diligently reading through the Flame of Memory around him.
Most of the memories in the Flame of Memory were very boring.
After all, most of the people in the Realm of the Gods were those God residents who had lived ordinary lives. They had been cautious and conscientious all their lives, and had never cultivated at all. All they wanted was a stable life, and to be able to live a carefree life.
Without attaining the Divine Path, they didn't have an unlimited lifespan. After living for thousands of years, their lifespan would run out, and they would quietly disappear in some corner of the Realm of the Gods.
"The owner of this Flame of Memory ultimately died in the Soul Wilderness …" Luo Zheng murmured.
The Flame of Memory that he had accidentally found turned out to be a Perfect True God of the Mu Family, Mu Chen.
This Mu Chen had explored the forbidden Soul Wilderness fifteen Divine Eras ago. At that time, Shi Xiaoqiao hadn't yet been able to control the Soul Wilderness.
Under the fierce competition, he had actually died.
Just as he exited the Flame of Memory, the Stone Forest Rat's eyes suddenly flashed.
Then 9527's consciousness immediately transmitted over, "Luo Zheng! Be careful! "

Chapter 2309
These Fires of Memory were originally harmless. They were not souls, but just a little imprint in the soul.
So Luo Zheng was not prepared for it!
But each Fire of Memory contained a huge amount of memories.
Especially the Fires of Memory that were washed over, they were all deliberately selected by the Stone Forest Rat.
When the Fires of Memory washed over Luo Zheng, a huge amount of memories entered his soul!
In the blink of an eye …
Countless scenes crazily poured into his soul!
Desire, power, alchemy, distant mountains, the sky …
All kinds of professions, all kinds of lives, all kinds of feelings, and a huge amount of information crazily rushed into his soul.
Luo Zheng's soul could not accommodate these memories in a short time. At this moment, he felt like his head was going to explode!
Luo Zheng's soul was strong and could bear it, but the surface of his soul had begun to crack.
If it were another person, their soul would have been shattered …
And the Stone Forest Rat took advantage of the time when Luo Zheng was attacked by the Fires of Memory to break free from Luo Zheng's hands and go straight down the stairs!
"How careless …"
9527 had no choice but to control Luo Zheng again.
His legs suddenly kicked, and his whole body rolled backward.
"Bang, bang bang …"
Then, his whole body rolled down the steep stairs.
The flames of memory that were swarming over were unable to step onto the steps. They only circled above the steps once before slowly returning to the sea of flames of memory.
Luo Zheng did not know how many times he rolled along the way, but he finally stopped at the bottom of the stairs.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng's eyes were a little dull. The huge amount of memories made his mind a mess.
"Luo Zheng, are you okay?" 9527 called.
After a while …
Luo Zheng recovered, and his eyes gradually returned to normal.
"I'm okay. It was just a close call."
Luo Zheng's face showed a look of fear. He did not expect the Fires of Memory to have such an ability.
"That damned rat …"
Luo Zheng suddenly got up, his body floated up, and then he reached out his hand and suddenly flicked.
A small fire bead rolled out!
After this fire bead shot into the air, it suddenly exploded, forming a huge fireball.
"Hua la!"
Under the intense burning of the fireball, it immediately released an endless amount of light and heat, illuminating the dark area as if it was daytime.
Originally, this dimly lit area was a dilapidated hall.
Collapsed walls, pillars, and stairs were everywhere. There were also three parallel altars.
The altar where the Stone Forest Rat was reincarnated was only one of them. Above the three altars was an enormous door.
On both sides of the giant gate, there were three heads and six arms. Luo Zheng was very familiar with these statues.
"Is it a relief sculpture of Chiyou?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Right now, Luo Zheng was not in the mood to observe the giant door. He had to find the mouse first!
After all, the Stone Forest Rat only had the strength of a Lower True God. It took advantage of the fact that Luo Zheng was being washed away by the Fire of Memories to escape, but the distance it escaped to was not far.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw the Stone Forest Rats flying back and forth not far away.
"Pipa!"
The lightning wings on Luo Zheng's back flapped, and he turned into a bolt of lightning and chased after the Stone Forest Rat.
Seeing Luo Zheng coming straight for it, the Stone Forest Rat rolled on the ground. Its eyes flashed red, and an illusion enveloped Luo Zheng!
This illusion was a mystic technique to control souls!
Previously, Luo Zheng, Patriarch Qian Long, and the others were not vigilant and naturally fell for it.
However, now that Luo Zheng was fully alert, even if the Stone Forest Rat used the Soul-Luring Incense, it would be difficult for it to be effective!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng avoided the illusion and stretched out his finger to lightly flick it.
"Pipa!"
A lightning whip suddenly lashed the Stone Forest Rat's body.
The lightning whip's immense power directly blew the Stone Forest Rat into the air!
"Squeak squeak squeak … Don't kill me …" The Stone Forest Rat squeaked in a strange voice.
However, Luo Zheng's attack did not stop, and he continued lashing out!
"Pipa!"
"Pipa!"
"Pipa!"
After lashing out more than ten times, Luo Zheng finally stopped.
The Stone Forest Rat's body was charred by the lightning, and it emitted a charred stench. How could it still be alive?
Luo Zheng walked over and picked up the Stone Forest Rat's corpse, walked towards the altar, and threw it on top of it …
"Buzz …"
It was exactly the same as the previous time.
The Stone Forest Rat's corpse rapidly decayed and sank into the altar.
Not long after, a brand-new Stone Forest Rat appeared on top of the altar.
This was similar to what Luo Zheng had expected …
In theory, the Stone Forest Rat could be resurrected infinitely in a short period of time.
However, after this resurrection, the Stone Forest Rat's cultivation seemed to have dropped by another level. It was now only a Proof of Divinity martial artist.
"Squeak squeak … Don't kill me!"
This time, the Stone Forest Rat learned its lesson and begged Luo Zheng for mercy while squeaking.
Luo Zheng placed his finger in front of the Stone Forest Rat. Faint lightning flickered on his fingertip. "I have no interest in killing you, but you want to kill me again and again!"
The Stone Forest Rat had tricked him with an illusion before.
If it weren't for 9527, he would have been bitten to pieces by those big rats.
Just now, it had controlled those memories and almost shattered Luo Zheng's soul …
Luo Zheng didn't mind killing such a guy ten or a hundred times.
The Stone Forest Rat had learned its lesson. After squeaking twice, it said, "I'm just following my master's orders! He wants to control the entire place of reincarnation and won't allow anyone to touch it! "
"Your master, Yue Yinliu?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Squeak squeak, yes! I'm warning you, you'll never be able to kill me. My master will be back here soon! When that time comes, you'll be the one to die. I'll erase all your memories so that you'll never be reincarnated! "the Stone Forest Rat warned.
Luo Zheng only smiled faintly at such a warning. "What if I insist on touching the place of reincarnation?"
"Squeak squeak … You?" the Stone Forest Rat laughed shrilly. "My master isn't qualified, and you're even less qualified!"
Luo Zheng was even more curious. "What qualifications do I need?"
"The place of reincarnation was created for the use of the Li Tribe, so that the descendants of the Li Tribe could be reincarnated. To control the place of reincarnation, one must have the bloodline of the Li Tribe!" the Stone Forest Rat replied.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned, and a strange smile appeared on his face.
At the same time, 9527's voice rang out. "It's almost as I guessed. The Realm of Gods was created by Chi You, so he naturally considered the problem of reincarnation. There must have been some mistake, and in the end, the Stone Forest Rat fell into the hands of Yue Yinliu. Not only did this little rat not serve the Li Tribe, but it also recognized Yue Yinliu as its master and followed him wholeheartedly."

Chapter 2310
Luo Zheng glanced at the two altars to the side, then stared at the Stone Forest Rat and asked, "Why are these two altars empty?"
The Stone Forest Rat squeaked, then said, "On those two altars are the Jade Scale Butterfly and the Flaming Blood Condor. Their mission is the same as mine, but I haven't seen them reincarnate in all these years."
"The Flaming Blood Condor …"
Luo Zheng had heard of the Flaming Blood Condor when he was flipping through ancient records on Han Jia's floating island.
However, the records of the Flaming Blood Condor were very vague, and they only appeared in ancient times.
As for the Jade Scale Butterfly, he had never heard of it before.
If the Stone Forest Rat wanted to reincarnate, its corpse would have to be thrown back to the altar. The biggest possibility was that these two creatures had fallen in some corner of the Realm of the Gods, and no one had been able to discover them until now …
Luo Zheng's gaze turned to the door again. "Do I need to enter that door to control this place of reincarnation?"
"Squeak squeak, yes. If you want to control the place of reincarnation, you need to enter the door!" the Stone Forest Rat replied.
The Stone Forest Rat's master had also entered that door, but he hadn't been recognized. It wasn't because he wasn't strong enough, but because of his bloodline.
As for Luo Zheng, it wanted nothing more than for Luo Zheng to enter. It would be best if he could die inside.
"Since that's the case, I'll have to trouble you to rest for a while," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Rest?" The Stone Forest Rat was stunned.
While it was stunned, Luo Zheng's finger lightly tapped the Stone Forest Rat's head.
The Stone Forest Rat was only a Proof of Divinity cultivator, so how could it resist?
A surge of power poured into the Stone Forest Rat's head, and its head instantly exploded, and it died again …
This time, Luo Zheng didn't throw the rat's corpse back to the altar for reincarnation. Instead, he stuffed it into his spatial ring.
This rat was very loyal to Yue Yinliu, so Luo Zheng naturally didn't feel at ease leaving it outside. Otherwise, who knew what kind of trouble it would cause.
After putting away the Stone Forest Rat, Luo Zheng crossed the three altars and went straight to the giant door.
After climbing to the top of the stairs, Luo Zheng flicked his finger...
Another fire bead flew into the air and exploded.
"Hua!"
After the huge fireball exploded, a light as bright as day illuminated the huge door clearly.
"What a tall door," Luo Zheng said as he looked up.
Previously, Luo Zheng had already sensed the height of the giant gate, but after approaching it, he discovered that the height of the gate was far beyond his imagination.
From the ground to the top, it was actually tens of thousands of feet tall. Even a huge mountain could be stuffed into the door!
Luo Zheng placed both of his hands on the giant door. After a while, he began to slowly exert force!
"Open!"
Luo Zheng's physical strength was constantly running, and he was constantly exerting it on the giant door through his hands.
When Luo Zheng began to exert his strength, the relief sculpture with three heads and six arms on the giant door began to flicker.
Especially the pair of lifelike Eyes of Chiyou, flickering with a dark red luster, as if they were inlaid with two gemstones.
Even so, the door didn't budge!
"This door is actually so heavy?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Luo Zheng's physical strength was now much stronger than that of an ordinary Great Fulfilment. He was about the same as a Quasi-sage, but he still couldn't open this door.
"Origin of Power!"
His eyes flashed slightly, and the power in his Inner World also continuously flowed into his arms.
"Open!"
Accompanied by a dull roar, his arms suddenly exerted force again.
The red light on the Eyes of Chiyou became brighter, but the giant door still didn't move!
"So strange..." Luo Zheng stared at the door, his face full of disbelief.
The Origin of Power in his Inner World combined with the strength of his physical body should not be weaker than that of a Sage.
Since Yue Yinliu could open this door, there was no reason why Luo Zheng couldn't. Luo Zheng naturally didn't understand.
"If I'm not wrong, the Eyes of Chiyou on this door should be the Limit Stone. Actually, it doesn't require too much strength to open it," 9527 suddenly said.
"Limit Stone? What do you mean? "Luo Zheng asked.
9527 smiled faintly, "The Limit Stone is just a small trick. It can detect your strongest strength, and you need to exert your maximum strength. Even if your strength isn't great, you can still open it. This giant door isn't to stop you outside, but to observe your maximum strength."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's face was full of doubt.
When he opened the door, he did feel the pair of eyes staring at him … but this Limit Stone had such an ability?
There were some things in the Mother World that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine.
Since that was the case, Luo Zheng didn't think too much.
He softly spat out the word "grow".
"Hualala …"
Luo Zheng's body began to grow!
When the Chiyou Clan left the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda, they distributed the desolate bones in the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda.
A portion was left for the clansmen who were stationed in the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda, and a larger portion was distributed to the Aragami.
Luo Zheng was also given a considerable amount of desolate bones.
After returning to the God Domain, Luo Zheng would absorb the desolate bones whenever he had the time. Naturally, the Aragami's cultivation level would also slowly increase.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng's body had grown to a height of six thousand feet!
Although the giant door was over ten thousand feet tall, it wasn't much different from Luo Zheng's body …
"Peng, peng!"
Luo Zheng's two giant hands grabbed the door from both sides.
The surging power pushed forward!
Other than the power of the Aragami, the power of the Inner World was also used.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's power was pushed to the limit!
"Open!"
Luo Zheng shouted in a deep voice.
But this low voice was like a clap of thunder, spreading rapidly in this world.
The loud noise even disturbed the flames of memory in the distance. The originally calm flames of memory began to flutter in the ocean.
At this moment, the red light in the Eyes of Chiyou disappeared.
When it flickered again, it began to emit a green luster.
"Kacha!"
Then, a dull mechanical sound rang out.
"Rumble …"
The two doors began to open inwards.
When the door opened a crack, Luo Zheng stopped pushing the door.
He pushed the door to enter. Naturally, there was no need to completely push the door open.
This crack was already over ten feet wide. His Aragami's body was too big, so he couldn't enter. But after shrinking to a normal size, it was more than enough.
"Shua …"
After Luo Zheng dispersed the power of the Aragami, he floated in through the crack.
When he went through the door, a cloud of dust was raised, blocking his vision.
This door had been sealed for too long. A thick layer of dust had accumulated on the ground …
"Ling Feng! Blow! "
Looking at the dust that covered the sky, Luo Zheng gently exhaled.
That exhalation suddenly turned into a hurricane, sweeping through the world inside the door. All the dust quickly dissipated.

Chapter 2311
The first statue was the statue of Chiyou himself.
Luo Zheng had seen it several times and was naturally very familiar with it. However, it was the first time that Luo Zheng had seen the other eight statues.
The eight statues had different expressions.
For example, the head of the second statue was like a bull's head. A pair of curved horns took up almost half of the head. It carried a double-headed axe on its back and looked extraordinary.
The head of the second statue was like an eagle's, with wings on its back and a pair of tridents in its hands …
The third statue …
"These eight statues are on the same level as Chiyou. Could they be the leaders of the nine tribes of the Li Clan?" Luo Zheng murmured.
The Li Clan was divided into nine tribes. Naturally, there was also the saying of Jiuli. Chiyou was the leader of the nine tribes, so he was called the Great Chief.
"Of course," 9527 continued Luo Zheng's words.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "How do you know?"
"Of course. When I came to the mother world, I saw everything clearly. The Jiuli Clan is also a big clan in the mother world. How could I not know? On the contrary, as the descendant of Chiyou, you don't know anything. "9527 laughed.
This made Luo Zheng a little embarrassed. After all, he did not grow up in the mother world and knew very little.
9527 said, "Look at the guy who looks like a bull. He is called Li Ju. The bull's head is not his original appearance. It is just a mask. This guy is very strong and reckless. Except for Chiyou, he does not listen to anyone. The second statue with the eagle's head is called Li Lu. The ones behind are Li Wen, Li Guang, Li Wu, Li Po, Li Fu, Li Bi."
Luo Zheng silently memorized the names of the nine people. After thinking for a while, he asked, "But why are the leaders of the nine tribes of the Li Clan here?"
"I don't know. I am the Divided Soul of the Lord, not Chiyou's Divided Soul. I can't guess everything in his head," 9527 said in a strange voice.
Hearing 9527's tone, Luo Zheng smiled.
9527 had not followed him for long. From the beginning, he was dull, but now he had his own personality.
The nine statues were arranged in a row, and in the middle was a dark passage.
Luo Zheng walked along the passage. When he passed by the first Chiyou statue, the whole hall began to shake.
"Rumble …"
The eyes on these statues began to shine.
At the same time, small yellow balls appeared on top of the statue's head. These small balls rotated and emitted a powerful aura!
When the powerful aura enveloped him, a look of vigilance appeared on Luo Zheng's face, and he took two steps back.
At the same time, a gray humanoid figure spiraled out from the center of the hall!
After the humanoid shadow appeared, the "neck" formed by the gray shadow quickly elongated and extended in front of Luo Zheng. A dry voice sounded from the depths of the hall.
"Those who enter the Reincarnation Hall can choose a secret divine ability before leaving!"
Luo Zheng stared at the gray figure in front of him and asked, "Who are you?"
"I … am the Hall Soul stationed in the Reincarnation Hall," the gray humanoid shadow replied.
"Hall Soul …" Luo Zheng thought for a while.
"It's an existence similar to those weapon spirits," 9527 answered. "It's also a kind of soul. Like weapon spirits, because they need to exist for a long time, they are generally stupid and difficult to communicate with …"
In other words, 9527 himself was much more powerful than this kind of soul …
Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "What's a secret divine ability?"
"It's these." The gray humanoid shadow's arm elongated infinitely again and extended all the way to the top of the nine statues. He pointed at the small spinning balls and said, "These are secret divine abilities. They can be used once, and they will be automatically triggered at a critical moment."
From the sound of it, this Mystic Divine Ability was somewhat similar to a life-saving magic treasure.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept across the small round balls and discovered that there were no small round balls on the seventh statue. "Why are there no small round balls on that statue?"
"Li Fu's secret divine ability … has been chosen," said the Hall Soul.
"Was it chosen by Yue Yinliu?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, he said his name was Yue Yinliu," the Hall Soul replied mechanically.
It seems that the Stone Forest Rat didn't lie to me about this, Luo Zheng thought. But his goal wasn't just this.
He didn't know what these secret divine abilities were, but Luo Zheng didn't lack life-saving methods.
"What if I want to control the place of reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked again.
After asking this question, the Hall Soul was silent for a long time.
After about three breaths of time, the whole hall began to shake again.
Rumble!
The rumbling sound came closer and closer, and in the distance, an object could be seen constantly rising from the ground.
The floor was paved with heavy square stones. As the stones rose and fell, the object in the distance moved toward Luo Zheng and soon arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
It was a square utensil, about the same size as the square stones on the ground. It was very exquisitely made.
Next to this exquisite utensil was a groove, and in the groove was a pure gold dagger.
This dagger flickered with a sharp aura. It was definitely not an ordinary object.
"The Hall of Reincarnation is an important artifact in the Realm of the Gods. The person who controls it must have the Li Clan's bloodline. If you want to try, you must verify your bloodline," the Hall Soul said indifferently.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
It seemed that Chi You's consideration was very thorough.
This place controlled the secret of reincarnation in the Realm of the Gods. Naturally, it wouldn't allow outsiders to control it.
Originally, this "Yue Yinliu" had snatched the Stone Forest Rat and wanted to obtain the entire place of reincarnation. But he was stuck at the last step, which was the bloodline!
The Li Clan in the Realm of the Gods had already fallen. Even if Yue Yinliu was a Saint, how could he find the Li Clan's bloodline?
Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of such an opportunity. Without much hesitation, he picked up the pure gold dagger.
Swish!
This dagger was extremely sharp. Even with Luo Zheng's sturdy body, it could easily cut his finger.
Drip!
The drop of pale gold blood soaked into the utensil and rolled at the bottom.
After rolling for a while, it slowly dispersed and disappeared into the bottom of the utensil.
Not long after …
The Hall Soul said, "You are a member of the Li Clan, but your bloodline has been contaminated."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng curled his lips. "How can my bloodline be contaminated?"
Back in the Universe, Luo Zheng's blood had been changed to gold by Yu Taibai, but his bloodline was still pure. Now, the Hall Soul was saying that his bloodline had been contaminated?
"Because my bloodline has fused with yours," 9527 reminded him.
Luo Zheng remembered that in the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda, when he opened his Desolate Bloodline, his body had been infused with the bloodline of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.

Chapter 2312
Luo Zheng stared at the Hall Soul and continued to ask, "Does a contaminated bloodline not qualify?"
"Yes," the Hall Soul replied indifferently, "If you pass the test, you can still control the Hall of Reincarnation, but you may not be able to use the Reincarnation Soul Tool."
"Reincarnation Soul Tool?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, "What's the use of that?"
"The Reincarnation Soul Tool … can awaken the flames of memory of any living creature," the Hall Soul continued.
"Awaken? What does that mean? "
Luo Zheng was still in a daze. He didn't quite understand.
"It means to awaken the flames of memory of generations …" the Hall Soul repeated.
Just when Luo Zheng was still confused, 9527 said, "I understand. The Divine Realm uses the rules of reincarnation. It seems that Chiyou really has high hopes for the Divine Realm."
"Reincarnation? What is that? "Luo Zheng realized that he had come into contact with a completely unfamiliar field.
"When the world is created, there are actually two rules of reincarnation. The first is a single reincarnation, that is, only the memories of the previous life can be inherited. Every living creature only has one chance to reincarnate," 9527 explained, "After one reincarnation and death, the flames of memory will completely disappear."
"What about reincarnation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Every time a person dies, a flame of memory will be born. All living creatures can retrieve the flames of memory of any of their countless previous lives," 9527 smiled faintly, "In theory, living creatures who are qualified to reincarnate will never die."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
"Of course," 9527 said faintly, "Many perfect worlds built by powerful people in the Mother World are all reincarnations!"
After those powerful creatures opened up a big world in the chaos, they would rely on the big world and continuously select various geniuses from it.
Many geniuses with great innate talent might fall before they could mature.
However, with the method of reincarnation, the fallen geniuses could be reincarnated almost limitlessly. Moreover, each reincarnation was actually a process of accumulation. It contained a very complicated mechanism. It was equivalent to each death being a process of cultivation. Under the accumulation of life after life, those geniuses would eventually stand out one day.
Therefore, the benefits of reincarnation were obvious.
However, a perfect world where one could reincarnate was not so easy to construct. Many of the strongest Almighties were unable to reach this step.
It was indeed not easy for Chi You to accomplish this in the Divine Realm.
"Then, according to what you said, everyone who has died in the Divine Realm can find their memories back? Including … the Li Tribe? "Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly.
Although Luo Zheng did not know the thousands of dead Li Clan members, they were still of the same clan as him. If he could revive them …
"In theory, yes," 9527 replied. "But the key seems to be the 'soul vessel' mentioned by the Hall Soul. It seems that you cannot use the soul vessel because of your impure bloodline."
Pure bloodline!
Luo Zheng now knew that the only person with a pure bloodline was his mother!
If he could get the soul vessel and give it to his mother, he could really revive all the Li Clan members!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng became even more excited.
He did not expect that a mere Stonemill Rat would be involved in so many things.
In his excitement, Luo Zheng asked again, "Then what kind of reincarnation rules does the Mother World follow?"
"Mother World?" 9527 smiled faintly. "The rules of the Mother World are the same as the Chaos World. No one can go beyond those cold rules. Once the soul disperses, the memories will disappear along with it. Under the Truth, no one can reincarnate. Death is death!"
Luo Zheng nodded silently. He finally understood what the so-called "mystery of reincarnation" meant …
Reincarnation was not as complicated as Luo Zheng had imagined.
It was just that all the memories in the soul from birth to death were copied by the Divine Realm, which was the Fire of Memory.
After a creature died, this Fire of Memory would return to the soul of another creature. This was a successful reincarnation!
Chi You had built such a perfect place for reincarnation, but it was not used by the Li Clan.
Or it could be said that before the Li Clan had discovered it, the Xuan Yuan Wei had already marched into the Divine Realm, causing the Li Clan, also known as the Sacred Clan, to lose the chance to reincarnate.
Originally, as long as a Li Clan member with a pure bloodline controlled the Reincarnation Soul Vessel, all creatures could be successfully reincarnated …
Luo Zheng and 9527 communicated back and forth with their minds. The Palace Soul had been waiting for a long time.
"Do you want to participate in the test? Young man … "The Palace Soul's voice sounded again. There was no impatience in his tone, he was just asking mechanically.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Yes! Of course! "
"Very well, follow me." The Palace Soul turned and left. His body was like a wisp of smoke as he walked into the depths of the hall.
Luo Zheng also floated up and followed closely behind.
After passing by those huge statues, the Palace Soul and Luo Zheng finally arrived at the end of the Reincarnation Hall.
At the end of the hall was a gray wall. Below the wall was a gilded bronze door. When Luo Zheng walked towards the bronze door, it naturally opened.
"Go in, young man. Let me remind you that this is a cruel test. You may die in it, but according to the rules, I will give you a chance to reincarnate," the Palace Soul said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
Naturally, he did not want to reincarnate. That would be equivalent to starting all over again.
And according to what 9527 said, the Fire of Memory's principle was to record a creature's past in the Divine Realm.
If that was the case, the Fire of Memory that belonged to him would only record his memories in the Divine Realm. The bits and pieces of his memories in the universe would be lost …
But no matter what, he had to take the Reincarnation Soul Vessel!
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng stepped through the gilded bronze door.
Inside the bronze door was a pitch-black space …
"Bang!"
As the bronze door closed tightly, a ray of light appeared in the distance. This ray of light was like the dawn on the horizon, quickly rising.
In the blink of an eye, the entire space lit up. When the space lit up, a thunderous voice suddenly rang out.
"This old man originally wanted to hide a wisp of his soul in the Divine Realm to protect my descendants at a critical moment. But the Dihong Clan has a soul tracking technique. They can easily find the Divine Realm by following this old man's soul. Naturally, this idea was cut off. For this test, the spirit crow will replace this old man's true body. If you see the spirit crow, you will see this old man's true body!"

Chapter 2313
"Caw caw!"
The crow stood on a golden branch. After noticing Luo Zheng's gaze, it cawed twice and said, "Didn't you hear what I said? Seeing the spirit crow is like seeing the great tribal chief … As a member of the Li Tribe, why aren't you kneeling down? "
Luo Zheng frowned and asked, "Even the royal family has to kneel down?"
"Royal bloodline?"
The crow let out a strange cry and was so shocked that it rolled down from the golden tree branch.
It flapped its wings and flew back to the branch. After staring at Luo Zheng for a while, it used its beak to knock on the golden branch.
"Boom!"
A square stone suddenly rose from the bottom of the branch. On the stone, there was a container.
It was the container that Luo Zheng had used to test his blood.
"It really is the royal bloodline. Caw caw, has the Li Tribe fallen to such a state? Does the royal family need to personally control the reincarnation cycle? And … you've made me wait for too long? "the spirit crow cawed.
It seemed that the spirit crow had been imprisoned here for too long …
Or rather, when Chi You threw it here, it had never come out!
Like the Hall Soul, it had been waiting for the Li Tribe to control the Hall of Reincarnation. But it didn't expect that the wait would be too long.
"The Li Tribe in the Divine Realm has been completely wiped out," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"Caw caw caw, completely wiped out? How is that possible! "
The spirit crow flapped its charcoal-like wings and cawed again, revealing a look of disbelief.
"It is indeed so. They were killed by the Xuan Yuan Guards," Luo Zheng answered.
"How can this be? How can this be?" The spirit crow jumped up and down on the golden branch.
Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to waste time with the bird. He asked directly, "Can the test here begin?"
"Caw caw caw, what's the rush!" The spirit crow was somewhat dissatisfied.
But presiding over the test was its duty. But this spirit crow was very busy.
Under Luo Zheng's urging, it flew away from the golden tree branch and fluttered to the top of this space. It suddenly spread its wings, and a series of golden lights sprinkled down from its black wings.
At this point, the entire space within the door transformed into a complete world …
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
In the distance, banners fluttered in the wind and war drums thundered.
Millions of soldiers stood side by side, looking at Luo Zheng as if they were facing a formidable enemy.
"Mortal?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
These soldiers were only mortals. No matter how many of them there were, they were nothing more than ants to Luo Zheng.
In terms of strength, compared to Luo Zheng, it would be an exaggeration to say that he was an ant.
Such a test was beyond Luo Zheng's expectation …
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
"Kill!"
All of the mortal generals gave out orders.
"Wu wu wu …"
The horn of war had already sounded.
Countless mortal soldiers swarmed towards Luo Zheng like a tide.
When they were still a few kilometers away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng gently raised his hand.
"Whoosh!"
A chain of lightning shot out. This bolt of lightning lightly jumped through the crowd four or five times, and the army of a million was completely routed.
This kind of contest was more than a dozen orders of magnitude lower. It was completely unequal.
But this caused Luo Zheng to feel puzzled.
From the spirit crow's words, this test should have been set up by Chiyou himself. It couldn't be this simple!
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling puzzled, countless faint dots of light emerged from the bodies of the million mortals killed by Luo Zheng's lightning.
"Flames of memory?"
Luo Zheng immediately recognized them.
When all the flames of memory emerged from their bodies, the mortal soldiers killed by Luo Zheng disappeared.
In front of Luo Zheng were the flames of memory of a million people.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless flames of memory swarmed towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing so many flames of memory, Luo Zheng felt somewhat nervous. Outside the Reincarnation Palace, Luo Zheng had been attacked by the flames of memory.
The flames of memory had almost caused his soul to explode!
Soon, all of these flames of memory entered Luo Zheng's mind and entered the depths of Luo Zheng's soul.
"These flames of memory aren't as powerful as I thought …"
Luo Zheng easily endured them.
Although a million flames of memory wasn't a small number, the owners of these flames of memory were all mortals.
Mortals had limited lifespans. These soldiers had only lived for thirty to fifty years, so the amount of memories in their flames of memory was relatively small. They weren't like the True Gods of the Realm of the Gods, who could easily live for several Divine Epochs.
Even so, these flames of memory still added many chaotic memories to Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng shook his head, doing his best to forget these memories … …
"Caw caw!"
The spirit crow in the sky glanced over, then said, "Second wave!"
"Swish!"
As the spirit crow flapped its wings, another wave of golden light sprinkled down.
The whole world changed again … …
A rolling mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Tens of thousands of warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were standing on the mountain.
"Ten thousand warriors of the Divine Sea Realm?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Kill! Kill! Kill!"
All the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm flew up and dived down from the mountain.
Warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could open up their own Spirit Sea. Their strength had made a qualitative leap!
The strength of ten thousand warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could not be underestimated!
Facing such an attack, Luo Zheng squinted his eyes. An invisible force formed into a flying sword … …
"Swish, swish, swish, swish … …"
That invisible flying sword flew across the sky.
These warriors of the Divine Sea Realm couldn't resist at all. They were killed by the invisible flying sword!
As for the attacks of the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, Luo Zheng didn't dodge at all. He just let them hit him. They couldn't hurt Luo Zheng at all!
In 15 minutes, all the warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were killed by Luo Zheng.
Just like before … …
From the bodies of these warriors of the Divine Sea Realm, a little bit of memory fire burst out.
This memory fire was much brighter than the memory fire of those mortals … …
After all, warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could live for thousands of years. The memory fire in their memory fire was hundreds of times better than that of mortals. The memory fire of ten thousand warriors of the Divine Sea Realm was much more powerful than that of mortals.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh … …"
Under the erosion of the memory fire, Luo Zheng felt a little bit of pressure.
But he could still deal with it calmly.
"The third wave! Quack, quack! "
Along with the voice of the spiritual crow, the world in front of him changed again.
This time, those who appeared in front of Luo Zheng were True Gods!
One thousand lower True Gods.
Facing the sudden attack of one thousand lower True Gods, Luo Zheng began to feel more pressure.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh … …"
In the blink of an eye, the one thousand lower True Gods had surrounded Luo Zheng.
For a moment, all kinds of Taoist Connotation rose up!
"These lower True Gods all have different Taoist Connotations?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.

Chapter 2314
The Lower True God's Dao Accumulations were incomplete. They had only comprehended the first two stages of a Divine Dao.
However, it was enough to tempt Luo Zheng.
Although absorbing the Dao Accumulations of these Lower True Gods couldn't light up the Dao Stele in his mind, it could light up the scales on the Immeasurable Ruler.
"Immeasurable Ruler!"
The edges of Luo Zheng's eyes began to flicker with a faint golden halo!
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to absorb the Dao Accumulations, there was no effect …
"I can't absorb the Dao Accumulations of these Lower True Gods?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
This place should be a huge illusory realm. It seemed that the Immeasurable Ruler couldn't absorb the Dao Accumulations of the illusory realm?
Just as he was thinking this, the Lower True Gods unleashed all kinds of magical abilities.
The combined might of over a thousand Lower True Gods was naturally impressive. Luo Zheng didn't think about anything else and focused on dealing with them.
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, he finally dealt with these Lower True Gods.
The tests set up here were indeed quite difficult for ordinary Paragons.
Just enduring the impact of the Flame of Memory would be very stressful.
Even the most powerful Paragons like Dongfang Taiqing and Mu Xuerong wouldn't have it easy. There was indeed a risk of death.
However, for Luo Zheng, it wasn't particularly difficult.
After round after round of tests, Luo Zheng's performance became more and more relaxed.
Even in the last round, Luo Zheng only took twenty breaths of time to face off against three Paragons!
"Caw caw caw …"
After passing the last round of tests, the Spirit Crow flapped its wings and descended from the sky.
"As expected of the Royal Bloodline. It's really powerful," the Spirit Crow said in a sharp voice.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and asked, "After passing the tests, does it mean that I have control over the Land of Reincarnation?"
"Follow me!"
The Spirit Crow flapped its wings and flew to the other side of this space. It circled around the edges of this space.
A few perfectly straight lines appeared on the edges of this space. These lines were connected to each other and formed a small pyramid. In the center of this pyramid was a small eye.
"Whoosh!"
After this small pyramid appeared, it headed straight for Luo Zheng and floated in front of Luo Zheng.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng stared at the fist-sized pyramid and asked.
"A reincarnation soul tool. Refine it and you will be able to control the place of reincarnation," the spirit crow cawed.
Luo Zheng was slightly suspicious, "I can refine the reincarnation soul tool? Didn't the Hall Soul say that I can't use it? "
"The Reincarnation Soul Tool is of great importance. Your bloodline is not pure enough to use the Reincarnation Soul Tool, but to control the Reincarnation Hall, you must refine this item," the Spirit Crow replied.
The Reincarnation Soul Tool could allow all living beings in the Divine Realm to enter the cycle of reincarnation, allowing their memories to be instantly traced back to any previous life.
Back then, Chi You might have set up all kinds of restrictions for safety reasons.
Even if an outsider like Yue Yinliu obtained the Stone Forest Rat, he wouldn't be able to participate in the test here.
For someone like Luo Zheng with an impure bloodline, even if he obtained the reincarnation soul tool and controlled the place of reincarnation, he still wouldn't be able to reincarnate all the living beings in the God Realm.
Luo Zheng nodded. Suddenly, he stared at the Spirit Crow and asked, "You've stayed here for so many years. Do you want to go out with me?"
According to Luo Zheng's thoughts, this Spirit Crow was Chi You's spirit pet. It could at least contribute some strength to the Li Tribe.
"Caw caw!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Spirit Crow suddenly said in a serious tone, "I represent the Great Tribal Chief himself to test everyone here. How can I just leave at will? If …"
The Spirit Crow began to speak at length. Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. This damn bird clearly knew about the dangers in the God Realm. It was simply cowardly and cowardly that it was hiding here.
Luo Zheng simply grabbed the Reincarnation Soul Tool and turned around to leave. He wanted to find a quiet place to refine the Reincarnation Soul Tool.
… …
… …
"Rumble …"
When Luo Zheng returned from the Reincarnation Hall, the giant door opened by itself with a light push.
After opening the giant door, Luo Zheng once again shot out a fire bead, illuminating the entire Reincarnation Hall as if it was daytime.
Luo Zheng looked around. Patriarch Qianlong and the others were still lying on the ground.
After those big rats were killed by Luo Zheng, they weren't in any danger. Luo Zheng didn't wake them up for the time being.
He sat cross-legged on the ground and placed the Reincarnation Soul Tool in front of his Dantian.
The process of refining the Reincarnation Soul Tool was a bit special. The first step was still to prove his bloodline.
Luo Zheng cut his finger, forced out a drop of golden blood, and sprinkled it on the Reincarnation Soul Tool.
The blood spread down from the top of the triangle and flowed along the lines on the surface of the pyramid.
But no matter how the blood flowed, it couldn't flow into the eyes in the middle of the pyramid … …
This was the drawback of having an impure bloodline. Otherwise, he could completely control the Reincarnation Soul Tool.
Then he gently pressed his two thumbs on his temples and slowly closed his eyes.
After a while, a wisp of Luo Zheng's soul quietly came out from his forehead. After circling around in the air, it drilled into the Reincarnation Soul Tool.
"Buzz!"
The moment his soul entered the Reincarnation Soul Tool, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook. He opened his eyes in an instant, and his eyes were full of astonishment.
His whole body was connected to the Reincarnation Soul Tool and the entire Reincarnation Hall.
"This is … …" At this moment, a number appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. "The number of Flame of Memory is actually as many as 7.7 million Jing?"
A hundred billion was one trillion, and a thousand trillion was one Jing.
7.7 million Jing … …
There were actually so many Flame of Memory in the Divine Realm!
Luo Zheng subconsciously looked at the sea of Flame of Memory. The number of Flame of Memory was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
"Using the Reincarnation Law is like this. Every time a living creature dies, it will leave behind a bit of Flame of Memory. How many living creatures have been born over the years? When accumulated, it's an unimaginably huge number … … "
"Then the Yue Yinliu that the Stone Forest Rat mentioned before, who has he reincarnated into?"
Luo Zheng began to search through the large number of Flame of Memory.
When he found this person, his eyes flashed. He jumped up, flew through the air, and landed on the stairs opposite him.
Facing the sea of Flame of Memory, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly. In the depths of the sea, an extremely bright Flame of Memory quickly fluttered.
The Flame of Memory of a Saint was far brighter than that of an ordinary person. This light yellow Flame of Memory was Yue Yinliu's memory.
In the sea of Flame of Memory, there weren't many Flame of Memory as bright as this.
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng began to read the Flame of Memory.
After he gained control of the Reincarnation Hall, he could search through any Flame of Memory.
In theory, all the living creatures in the Divine Realm were no secrets to Luo Zheng.
After a while … …

Chapter 2315
Yue Yinliu and Dongfang Chunjun were mortal enemies.
Dongfang Chunjun had destroyed the entire Yue Clan. Luo Zheng could feel the hatred in the depths of his soul!
The Yue Clan had been destroyed, and even the floating island had fallen into the Sea of Time.
But Yue Yinliu had relied on the gift of the Stonewood Rat to reincarnate.
He didn't dare take the surname "Yue," but he took the surname "Yin," which became "Han," and named himself "Emperor Qing."
But no matter how cautious Dongfang Chunjun was, he couldn't have imagined that Emperor Hanqing was Yue Yinliu's reincarnation!
"But the Stonewood Rat said that there were three other reincarnated besides Yue Yinliu. Who are they?" Luo Zheng pondered.
The Jade-Scaled Butterfly and the Flaming Blood Condor were rarely seen in the world. Emperor Hanqing was the only one qualified to reincarnate …
Could the other three be acquaintances of Emperor Hanqing? Were they reincarnated with Emperor Hanqing's help?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again looked at the sea of memories …
The memories of all living beings in the Realm of Gods were created at the same time and stored here.
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng should also be able to find Emperor Hanqing's Flame of Memories. Through his memories, he should be able to find out.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and continued searching with the reincarnation vessel.
But soon, Luo Zheng opened his eyes, a trace of confusion on his face. "Why can't I find Emperor Hanqing's memories?"
Emperor Hanqing had the Stonewood Rat, so he must have done something.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again returned to the altar, took out the corpse of the Stone Forest Rat, and threw it back onto the altar.
A moment later, the Stonewood Rat came back to life.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak … You said you wouldn't kill me!" The Stonewood Rat looked pitiful.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at the rat. "I know Yue Yinliu's true identity."
The Stonewood Rat stared at Luo Zheng with its beady eyes. "H-how did you know?!"
It thought for a moment, a trace of fear in its eyes. "You passed the test?"
"Of course." Luo Zheng smiled.
"That, that's impossible. Only my master has the right. You … you don't have the right!" the Stone Forest Rat shrieked.
Its relationship with Yue Yinliu was extremely deep.
According to the rules, the Stone Forest Rat's ability could only be used by itself. However, the Stone Forest Rat did not follow these rules. It even used some kind of secret method to fuse its innate ability with the Yue Yinliu.
Therefore, Yue Yinliu could now directly use the Fire of Memories without using the Stone Forest Rats.
Of course …
Even the Stoneclaw Rat himself couldn't search through the Fire of Memories at will like Luo Zheng, so Yue Yinliu couldn't arbitrarily select someone's memory.
"If I'm not qualified, then Yue Yinliu is even less qualified," Luo Zheng said coldly. "He's not a member of my Chiyou clan. How can he talk about having a pure bloodline?"
"Pure Chiyou bloodline! My master said that he would bring it when he returns to the place of reincarnation! "The Stone Forest Rat's voice became louder.
The Stone Forest Rat was probably flustered and exasperated. In its dizziness, it pounced at Luo Zheng again.
Unfortunately, it was only at the Divine Transformation Realm. It wasn't even a Proof of Divinity martial artist. Luo Zheng reached out and pinched it lightly. The Stone Forest Rat was unable to move.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned.
Although Luo Zheng hadn't come into contact with Emperor Hanqing, he knew that this Saint was desperately trying to get close to Dongfang Chunjun. For this, he was almost willing to pay any price.
In the Divine Realm, besides Luo Zheng's own Chiyou bloodline, there was another person: his mother.
And according to Yu Taibai's information, his mother might have fallen into Dongfang Chunjun's hands. Would Emperor Hanqing target Li Luoshui?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng felt that it was even more necessary for him to continue investigating.
"Who are the other three reincarnated people?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"I won't tell you. Squeak, squeak, kill me if you can!" the Stone Forest Rat shrieked.
"Do you really think I can't kill you? It's not difficult for me to find your memories. "Luo Zheng sneered." If I erase all the memories of your previous lives, do you still have the ability to reincarnate? Even if you're no longer you after reincarnating, right? "
The Stone Forest Rat's body trembled …
The soul was only a container. If it lost its memories, how could it prove that it was itself?
Thinking of Yue Yinliu's promise, the Stone Forest Rat finally compromised.
Yue Yinliu would definitely come back and kill this kid!
The Stone Forest Rat thought as it said, "The other three aren't important. They're just his three children after reincarnating!"
"Three children?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised and asked again, "Who are they?"
"Han Cangyan, Han Chuyue, and Han Liusu …" the Stone Forest Rat obediently replied.
"Chuyue and Liusu? Are they dead? "Luo Zheng asked.
The Stone Forest Rat thought for a moment before replying truthfully, "Dead … not really. Yue Yinliu just removed their memories and infused them with other people's memories in the past few years!"
"I'll go see for myself!"
Luo Zheng carried the Stone Forest Rat and leaped to the top of the stairs again. He reached out and gently squeezed.
Amidst the slowly rolling sea of memory flames, three memory flames gently floated towards Luo Zheng.
"Is Han Liusu's memory flame a light purple color?" Luo Zheng thought that Han Liusu had died. He felt an indescribable sadness in his heart. He couldn't even bear to read her memories.
As his fingertips touched the memories, he quickly immersed himself in Han Liusu's memories.
It was similar to what Luo Zheng understood …
Since childhood, Han Liusu had shown amazing talent and that destructive innate ability — Purple Strange Fire.
Although she had an extremely high status in Han Jia, she had always been lonely. At least, that was the case when she went to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement.
Luo Zheng basically knew everything that had happened after she went to the Forbidden Land of God Refinement. This little girl had originally planned to use him. Later, she discovered a series of things and was brought back to the Divine Realm.
After returning to the Divine Realm, this little girl actually thought of him every day.
Once, she actually secretly went to the Jiang Family and wanted to secretly enter the Great Yan Universe through the Jiang Family.
There were strict restrictions when True Gods descended into the universe. Moreover, the Jiang Family had basically lost control of the Great Yan Universe due to Yu Taibai's interference. Where could she go?
This little girl was really …
As Luo Zheng read, a bitter smile appeared on his face.
Reading along the memories, Luo Zheng repeated what happened on the floating island and broke through the Forbidden Land of Time …
These things didn't happen that long ago. It was just that from Han Liusu's perspective, Luo Zheng had a strange feeling in his heart.
After Luo Zheng was brought out of the Sea of Time by Han Jiu Yi, Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and Han Cangyan went into seclusion at the request of Emperor Han Qing.

Chapter 2316
At this time, Han Jia was purging Purple Soul Palace because of Aunt Han Jiu's departure.
Although Han Jia's children tried their best to stop it, what was the point?
In order to prove his innocence to Dongfang Chunjun, Emperor Han Qing had cleared everyone from Purple Soul Palace on the floating island in a short period of time.
Because of this, Han Liusu and Emperor Han Qing had a big fight.
Emperor Han Qing asked Han Cangyan, Han Chuyue, and Han Liusu to go into seclusion. The two girls were naturally very resistant.
But before they went into seclusion, Emperor Han Qing had said something profound. This time, he would help them break through to the realm of perfection!
Reaching perfection in the realm of gods was a type of opportunity.
Even the Dongfang family didn't dare say they could cultivate three perfection in one session.
Plus, Han Chuyue was only a Proof of Divinity cultivator at that time, and Han Liusu was only a lower True God. The three children couldn't possibly break through to perfection in such a short time.
A few days before they went into seclusion, it was still normal.
The last scene in Han Liusu's memory was Emperor Han Qing appearing in front of her, reaching for her forehead.
She didn't even have time to scream before the memory came to an abrupt end!
"Weng …"
Luo Zheng stared at the flickering flame of memory in his hand, his expression complicated.
In a way, Han Liusu was already dead.
If she was alive, her flame of memory would be constantly refreshed.
Every breath that passed in the realm of gods, one more breath of memory would appear in the flame of memory …
Regardless of whether it was pain, despair, boring cultivation, or weddings and funerals, all kinds of things would remain unchanged and be updated in real time into the flames of memory.
The definition of death in the land of reincarnation was that the flame of memory would no longer produce new memories. Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and Han Cangyan's situation was more or less like this.
"I wonder how Han Liusu and the others are doing?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Han Liusu's flame of memory was no longer refreshed, so he couldn't investigate her true situation.
"That's right!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Han Biluo! That girl is very close to Chuyue and Liusu. She must know! "
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng continued to search in his mind.
Soon, Luo Zheng locked onto Han Bi Luo's Flame of Memory and with a light flick of his finger, a pale pink Flame of Memory flew towards him from all the light dots in the sky.
Then, Luo Zheng began to read through Han Biluo's memories …
As for Han Bi Luo's childhood, Luo Zheng quickly skipped over it and directly flipped through the memories of the last few years.
The result disappointed Luo Zheng.
Han Biluo had also been in seclusion for the past few years and had yet to come out.
From the looks of it, rather than saying that she was in seclusion, it would be more accurate to say that she was under house arrest. She didn't know anything about the Han sisters at all.
Standing at the top of the stairs, Luo Zheng paced back and forth while looking at the boundless flames of memories.
Han Qing Emperor had hidden the fire of memory, and Han Cangyan's experience was the same as Han Liusu's. Who else in Han Jia could find out?
It was at this moment that several extremely bright specks of light flashed in the distant sea of memory flames.
Most of the specks of light in the seven million and seven hundred thousand memories were very dim.
True Gods were slightly brighter, Great Perfection Sovereigns were resplendent, and Saints were as dazzling as stars.
In truth, the brightness of a Flame of Memories wasn't determined by one's cultivation, but by the amount of time one had experienced and the richness of their memories.
Saints might not be the oldest, but Saints generally lived for a very long time.
Thus, the brightest specks of light were most likely the Saint's Flame of Memories …
"Dongfang Chunjun!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Although he didn't know that Dongfang Chunjun knew about Han Liusu's situation, if he could find out about his mother through this person, he naturally couldn't let this opportunity slip by.
Without the slightest hesitation, Luo Zheng searched again.
Soon, a dazzling Flame of Memories began to move in the sea of specks of light, flickering with a scarlet-gold color.
"This is Dongfang Chunjun's Flame of Memories!"
Luo Zheng stared at the golden speck of light and began to read the memories within.
"So, before Dongfang Chunjun was born, the Dongfang Family was already powerful …"
"Dongfang Chunjun once faced great competition within the Dongfang Family. He was completely well-prepared and rose to the top, making great contributions to the Dongfang Family …"
It was never too much to know about one's opponent in detail.
However, Dongfang Chunjun's memories were too long.
With so many Divine Epochs' memories compressed together, Luo Zheng couldn't possibly go through them bit by bit. In the end, Luo Zheng could only adjust to the memories of the last few decades. He was most concerned about news about his mother.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw the part where Dongfang Chunjun went to Silverwing City.
"Nirvana Realm powerhouse, Elder Hu! Is this person the Xuan Yuan Wei? "
This was Luo Zheng's first time seeing the Xuan Yuan Wei in the Divine Territory. He didn't expect a Nirvana Realm powerhouse to be sorting herbs in Silverwing City!
Soon, Luo Zheng also saw Dongfang Chunjun leading the Saints of the Grand Alliance deep underground to find Li Luoshui.
At that time, Luo Zheng had already been thrown out of the Divine Territory by Li Luoshui, falling towards the bottom of the Chaos.
"Dongfang Chunjun really took my mother away!"
At that moment, Luo Zheng's face was filled with hatred. Originally, when he reunited with his mother, everything was going well.
It was all because of Elder Hu and Dongfang Chunjun!
Then, Dongfang Chunjun's behavior surprised Luo Zheng.
Dongfang Chunjun built an exquisite palace for his mother and carefully protected her.
In front of his mother, this Saint completely lost his domineering appearance. He even promised to go to the Sea of Time to find a body for his mother.
"Looks like my mother isn't in danger for now." Luo Zheng's expression finally relaxed.
Next, Luo Zheng roughly understood what happened in Dongfang Chunjun's memories.
Dongfang Chunjun knew of Luo Zheng's return and went to the Great Extreme Space with Mu Haiji to test Ming Wei and Elder Jin!
At that time, Dongfang Chunjun already felt a sense of crisis and gathered the Grand Alliance in the Divine Luan Palace.
Through Dongfang Chunjun's memories, he discovered the scene in the Divine Luan Palace.
In the end, he found Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and Han Cangyan!
The three of them had actually cultivated to the Great Perfection stage.
However, when he saw Han Liusu's appearance, Luo Zheng felt even more heartache.
That wasn't her anymore …
Their bodies had become vessels, and they must have contained the other memories of the Fire of Memories!
Luo Zheng had previously discovered that by absorbing the memories in other people's memories, he could obtain a huge amount of cultivation experience and raise his cultivation speed to a terrifying level.
However, that was only Luo Zheng's guess. He didn't expect Emperor Han Qing to realize it!

Chapter 2317
Luo Zheng had seen Yue Yinliu's memories and knew that there was a great hatred between him and Dongfang Chunjun.
However, he had already reincarnated. Since he was reborn, it could be said that he had started another life. He did not hesitate to give up everything for revenge.
Such a person was probably even more terrifying than Dongfang Chunjun …
"Hum …"
After Luo Zheng finished browsing Dongfang Chunjun's last memory, he withdrew from it with a strange expression on his face.
Now that the Wealthy Alliance had entered the Abyss Demon Territory, Dongfang Chunjun was unwilling to leave Li Luoshui on the floating island and brought her along …
'If mother is in the Abyss Demon Territory, what should I do?'
He felt a little tired after carrying the memories of two Saints. He shook his head slightly and tried to forget those trivial memories.
After coming down the stairs, Luo Zheng walked to the side of Patriarch Qianlong and the others.
These people should not have entered the land of reincarnation with him.
However, he had almost paid the price of his life, so he should have gained something.
Using the memories to cultivate was a good method. As long as he did not erase his own memories and was careful not to let his soul shatter, his cultivation should be able to improve further.
Now was the time to wake them up.
…
…
Billowing smoke and dust floated in the air, covering the sky and the sun.
However, the Abyss Demon Territory was not dark …
In the cracked ground, crimson lava rolled and flowed, emitting a large amount of light and heat, setting the whole world a demonic red.
In addition to the light and heat, there was also a pungent smell of sulfur.
However, if one stayed in the Abyss Demon Territory for a long time, this smell was not so unbearable.
"Plop, plop …"
A stingray leaped out of the lava.
This kind of fish that lived in the Abyss Demon Territory had no flesh and blood. Its entire body was covered in exposed black bones.
Relying on this special bone, it could resist the terrifying heat of the lava.
Just as the stingray fell back into the lava, a thin line flew over and wrapped around the bones on both sides of the stingray.
With a gentle tug, the stingray was lifted up.
"Luo fish's bones are very special. If we scrape off the black substance on the surface of its bones, we can make a fire-repelling shield." A Paragon from the Fang Clan grabbed the luo fish.
The luo fish that had just been caught had a temperature similar to magma. When it landed in his hand, the Perfection True God screamed and threw it high into the air. He aimed his spatial ring at the luo fish and pulled it into the spatial ring.
More than ten years ago, the aristocratic families' understanding of the Abyss Demon Domain was far inferior to now.
At that time, the other three forbidden areas could still be visited freely, and the Abyss Demon Domain was still a paradise for adventurers.
After the other forbidden grounds were sealed, the Aristocratic Alliance was forced to open up the Abyss Demon Domain.
Now, they knew more about the Abyss Devil Domain, even though they were forced to.
"Gulp, gulp, gulp …"
At this moment, the lava below began to bubble again.
"Fang Yuanjia, it seems like more luans are coming out," someone reminded him.
Seeing this, Fang Yuanjia smiled faintly. With a gentle pinch of his fingers, a thin thread started to spin again.
"Sou!"
He grasped the opportunity and the silk thread swept towards the top of the magma.
"Hua la!"
At the same time, something scuttled out from the bottom of the magma.
It was not the luan fish that Fang Yuanjia thought it was, but a large black hand!
After the thin thread was wrapped around the hand, the hand turned around and grabbed the thin thread, pulling it downwards.
This process was extremely fast. Before Fang Yuanjia could react, he was pulled down!
"Fang Yuanjia!"
The Perfection True God next to him was stunned.
However, he was still a Perfection True God, and his reaction speed was surprisingly fast. With a raise of his hand, a saber light slashed toward the silk thread connecting Fang Yuanjia and the hand.
"Bang!"
The straight silk thread was instantly cut off.
However, Fang Yuanjia had already fallen into the hand, and the hand dragged Fang Yuanjia into the magma.
"Oh no! Fang Yuanjia is being dragged down! "the Perfection True God shouted.
The Sages and Secondary Sages of the Aristocratic Alliance were originally resting in an empty space in the distance.
After this Paragon cried for help, a streak of light suddenly appeared in the distance. It was a Quasi-saint from the Fang Clan!
After the Secondary Sage flew over, his gaze swept across the surface of the magma, and his face turned cold.
Immediately after, he jumped down from midair and slapped the ground with one hand!
"Smack!"
This was accompanied by a crisp sound.
An extreme chill that came from the bones spread in all directions at an incredible speed.
Even the constantly churning crimson magma solidified in an instant and turned pitch-black. The surface was quickly covered with a layer of white frost!
The Secondary Sage jumped onto the solidified magma layer and smashed his fist into the solidified magma.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The solidified magma layer split open from the middle, and Fang Yuanjia's entire body was frozen in the magma layer.
Along with Fang Yuanjia, that large hand was also frozen!
The Secondary Sage of the Fang family lifted Fang Yuanjia's stiff body up and threw it to the side, making a crisp sound when it hit the ground.
Immediately after, he stepped on that large hand. This large hand was already frozen to the point of being extremely brittle. With this step, the large hand turned into powder …
As for killing the owner of this large hand in the magma layer, this Secondary Sage had no interest in doing so.
After the Secondary Sage of the Fang family absorbed the chill in Fang Yuanjia's body, he reprimanded, "To think that you don't even have such vigilance despite your cultivation. You're a disgrace to the Fang family!"
It was only a magma giant that had dragged Fang Yuanjia into the magma. As long as he was slightly more careful, it would not pose a threat to a Perfection True God.
"I'm sorry, Uncle Yun …" Fang Yuanjia was indeed too careless just now.
The Secondary Sage of the Fang family stepped in and turned into a light again.
In the resting campsite …
Dongfang Chunjun and the other Sages all looked at Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming sat cross-legged and said indifferently, "From the second level of the mystic realm, there's a path that leads to the third level exit. I'm sure this is a shortcut. Taking this path can save at least a month's time!"
Hearing this, the Sages were all tempted.
A month's time was not that important …
However, in the Abyss Demon Region, even staying for a breath's time would cause an accident.
They were naturally very willing to shorten the journey by a large margin.
"If there's such a shortcut, why didn't you report it to the family previously?" Dongfang Taiqing did not miss the opportunity to question.
Hua Tianming glanced at him indifferently and replied, "I haven't verified this path, and I've already reported the second level of the mystic realm. May I ask if you've been there before?"
More than a year ago, Hua Tianming had discovered the second level of the Abyss Demon Region's mystic realm and made a great contribution.
In fact, there was another path to the third level on one side of this mystic realm.
However, after Hua Tianming set foot on the third level, he did not stay for long before retreating. It was too dangerous to explore the third level of the Abyss Demon Region alone.

Chapter 2318
Since Dongfang Chunjun had made his decision, the others naturally had no objections.
After a short period of recuperation, the smoke in the distance suddenly tumbled. In the thick smoke, there was a faint flicker of fire, and at the same time, there was a low roar.
The rolling smoke attracted everyone's attention.
"It's the Demon Realm Fire Essence. There are so many of them …" someone said.
A few Paragons had unnatural expressions.
The Demon Realm Fire Essence was a special lifeform born from the flames. They usually traveled in groups, and wherever they went, not a single blade of grass would remain.
In the Abyss Demon Realm, they were almost synonymous with disaster.
If the True Gods and Paragons who explored the Abyss Demon Realm saw this scene, they would quickly flee and find a safe place to hide.
If they were too late, even Paragons would die in the smoke.
"Let me do it!"
Emperor Hanqing, who was silent, smiled faintly and stood up.
"Lifeforms born from the Demon Realm Fire? I like it! There's no need to trouble you, Emperor Hanqing. Haha! "
As Tang Lun spoke, he leaped into the air and charged into the sky.
He suddenly spread his hands, and raging flames sprayed out from his dantian.
The flames swirled and turned into a flaming door.
Hualala …
Three thirty-thousand-meter-long fire dragons darted out of the flaming door.
The three Fire Dragons had different appearances, but each Fire Dragon released a powerful aura.
These fire dragons were nurtured by Tang Lun using the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao for countless years. The strength of each fire dragon was equivalent to a quasi-saint. More importantly, these fire dragons were derived from the inextinguishable flames that Tang Lun had evolved.
Even if the fire dragons were slaughtered, they could still be reborn in his internal world.
However, from this point of view, it was similar to the undying and indestructible Sages who relied on the universe to achieve the same result.
Hualala …
The three thirty-thousand-meter-long fire dragons charged into the smoke, immediately splitting it into three parts.
The Demon Realm Fire Essence was fierce, but it relied on numbers.
However, these three fire dragons were their nemesis!
They couldn't do anything to the three fire dragons. Instead, they were wildly devoured by the fire dragons.
Wuuuuu …
For a moment, the fire in the smoke churned wildly, and a series of ear-piercing screams rang out.
After the time it took to brew a cup of tea …
The flickering smoke had all disappeared, leaving only three fire dragons hovering in the air.
After swallowing a massive amount of Demon Realm Flame Essence, the three Fire Dragons became even larger!
"Come back!"
Tang Lun ordered faintly.
The three Fire Dragons raised their heads and roared towards the sky. After stretching their bodies, they drilled into Tang Lun's inner world!
"Brother Tang Lun, the three holy fire dragons are getting stronger and stronger. Congratulations!" Emperor Hanqing took the opportunity to compliment.
Tang Lun patted his stomach and chuckled. "You have good eyes. If I continue to cultivate these Holy Fire Dragons, in less than half a divine era, they will be able to fight against a Saint if they join forces!"
"Who knows, maybe one day a Saint Fire Dragon will be able to fight against a Saint," Emperor Hanqing said.
"Hahaha, that's a bit lacking …" Tang Lun laughed.
There was a limit to the cultivation of Shinto.
After Great Perfection, there wasn't much room for improvement.
Therefore, some extremely formidable Perfection True Gods had the ability to contend with Second Saints.
In essence, Second Saints and Sages were still Great Perfection True Gods.
No matter how powerful a Saint Fire Dragon was, it couldn't fight against a Saint. This flattery was too much.
Although the other Sages didn't say anything, they were filled with disdain towards Emperor Hanqing.
After Tang Lun dealt with the Demon Realm Flame Essence, the group from the Wealthy Family Alliance set off again …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Everyone rose into the air and flew forward.
Along the way, they were filled with ferocious creatures from the Demon Realm.
Normally, these ferocious creatures were abnormally ferocious. Countless True Gods had died in their hands. Even Perfection True Gods had died here.
A Demon Rock Manticore that was resting in a cave sensed the movement in the sky and flew out of the cave. It stood on top of a brown mountain and let out a fierce roar.
Just as it let out that roar, an incomparably large ice mountain suddenly descended from the sky!
This ice mountain came down extremely quickly. When the Demon Rock Manticore saw this ice mountain, there was no space for it to dodge. It could only let out a frightened whimper like a kitten. Then, it was crushed under this ice mountain, and its body was torn into pieces.
Even a creature as strong as the Demon Rock Manticore was in such a state. The other creatures on the second level of the Demon Realm could only choose to hide.
More than 20 Sages, 40 Second Saints, and more than 100 Perfection True Gods flew through the second level as if there was no one there …
The Demon Realm was really too big.
Even though this group of people was extremely fast, it still took them three days to reach their destination.
This place was a boundless sea of fire.
However, at the edge of the sea of fire, there was an invisible wall.
When the rolling lava surged to the edge of the wall, it was blocked. It couldn't flow horizontally and could only flow downwards.
From afar, the edge of the sea of fire looked like a flight of stairs — in fact, the Demon Realm was indeed advancing towards the depths of the ground.
After reaching this place, everyone's gaze turned toward Hua Tianming.
"Heaven Sword, where is the shortcut you mentioned?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
"It should be around here!"
Hua Tianming slowly descended from the sky.
He flew a circle above the sea of fire, his gaze constantly wandering.
Last time, when Hua Tianming was chasing after a vicious creature, he accidentally discovered the secret of this place …
As the lava flowed, it formed layers of waves. As the waves rolled, they formed whirlpools. However, these whirlpools only rotated slightly before disappearing.
However, one of the whirlpools didn't disappear. Instead, it was fixed in place.
After a short while, Hua Tianming finally discovered this whirlpool.
Whoosh!
He held his sword with one hand and stretched his body slightly. The light in his eyes grew brighter and brighter.
"Ha!"
Accompanied by a low roar, his sword pierced toward the whirlpool.
"Hualala …"
This whirlpool was split open by a formless sword aura. A hole appeared in the sea of fire.
Strangely, the lava around this hole didn't merge. This formed a continuous passage. Stable spatial laws faintly emanated from the passage.
When Dongfang Chunjun saw this passage, a look of surprise appeared on his face. "This passage was deliberately left open."
Leng Yao also nodded. "It should have been constructed by a certain Great Demon. It's a shortcut for them to come up from the bottom."
"Very good! Heaven Sword, well done! "Dongfang Chunjun revealed a satisfied smile.

Chapter 2319
The laws of space were ineffective in the Abyss Demon Zone.
No one knew the reason for this.
Neither quasi saints nor sages could use greater teleportation.
They didn't know how the tunnel had been created.
Dongfang Chunjun didn't hesitate. He took the lead and entered the tunnel.
The other sages, quasi saints, and Paragons followed suit.
The last to enter were Han Jia's people.
"I didn't think that Dongfang Chunjun would've discovered this shortcut as well. But if you take it, you'll have to pay a heavy price …" Emperor Han Qing's heart stirred.
Hua Tianming wasn't the first to discover this shortcut.
Emperor Han Qing had used this shortcut to escape the Abyss Demon Zone a long time ago.
Of all the saints in the divine realm, he was probably the one who understood the Abyss Demon Zone the best.
"Let's go in as well," Emperor Han Qing said coolly.
Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue floated behind Emperor Han Qing. The three Paragons looked apathetic.
Han Tianxiao, the head of the Han family, hadn't come to the Abyss Demon Zone. He'd stayed behind to guard the island.
"Understood!" the three of them answered in unison.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The four of them turned into four streaks of light and flew into the tunnel.
This group of over a hundred people flew through the long spatial tunnel.
The construction of this spatial tunnel was very strange. The long tunnel was surrounded by strange circles of light, and there were also some grotesque shadows.
Even the sages found it difficult to understand the laws of this tunnel.
"The laws of space can't be formed in the Abyss Demon Zone. I wonder how this tunnel was formed …" Fang Shixing frowned.
"Those great demons are extremely intelligent. After hiding in the depths of the Abyss Demon Zone for so many years, they're bound to find some unimaginable method," Leng Yao replied.
Mu Haiji pondered the tunnel's Dao. "Perhaps one of the demons has transcended?"
Even now, Mu Haiji's memory of Ming Wei's tunnel was still fresh in his mind.
The space channel that ran all the way through the Ultimate Universe was really overbearing. The Mu Hai Extreme Body could be said to have the advantage of being omniscient and omnipotent in the Ultimate Universe, but it was helpless against the space channel.
Hearing that, Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly and shook his head. "Transcend? It's not that easy. If it was really so, I would definitely not have let my brothers follow me to the Abyss Devil Domain. No matter how powerful the intelligence of those devils is, they are still ferocious creatures in the forbidden grounds. They are born with huge limitations, and it's impossible for them to transcend the Nirvana Realm. Brother Hai Ji, are you frightened by those Nirvana Realm experts outside the Divine Domain? "
The creatures in the forbidden grounds were, in fact, fantasy creatures. They were essentially the same as Shenwu coins, made of the power of faith.
The fear in the hearts of the God Realm's citizens was constantly manifesting.
For countless years, they imagined a creature that was a combination of "terror", "power", "wisdom", and "cruelty". Thus, the demons were born.
From a certain perspective, such a creature was even more perfect than the Saints of the Divine Realm. However, they were still nothing more than "illusions". No matter how powerful they were, they could not leave the forbidden zone. As long as they left the forbidden zone, they would vanish without a trace.
The only exception was probably the time in the Dao Battle Grounds.
However, Tu 'e's appearance at that time was as the embodiment of fear. The situation was different.
"Sigh, that's right. Those Nirvana Realm experts that Luo Zheng attracted are ultimately a huge threat," Mu Hai admitted generously.
When the Saints heard this, their eyes dimmed slightly.
Those Nirvana Realm experts were like swords floating above their heads. Perhaps in a few years, or perhaps in a few decades, this sword would fall.
"Elder Hu will think of something," Dongfang Chunjun suddenly said. "Moreover, I have control of the Abyss Devil Domain this time. I might be able to fight them!"
Not far away, Hua Tianming quietly listened to the Saints' conversation. He was secretly shocked.
He did not expect Luo Zheng to bring a group of Nirvana Realm experts back with him after returning to the Divine Domain.
It seemed that these Saints were rather wary of it!
Although he was shocked, Hua Tianming did not show it on his face.
No matter what, this was excellent news, especially to Hua Tianming …
In the past, Hua Tianming was willing to sacrifice his life for Luo Xiao.
However, a person's state of mind would change with time. After experiencing so much, it made him even more infatuated with this world. He began to doubt his mission.
If those Nirvana Realm experts were to act, perhaps they could change his fate? This bit of hope quietly sprouted in his heart.
About six hours later.
Everyone finally passed through the space passage.
The moment they came out of the space passage, they fell into a thick purple fog.
The fog was so thick that they could not see anything more than a hundred feet away …
Seeing this, Dongfang Chunjun frowned slightly. "Tianjian, what is this place?"
Hua Tianming circled around with a serious expression. "The last time I passed through this passage, there was no such purple fog."
"This doesn't seem to be fog." Mu Hai reached out and grabbed at the air. He actually caught a handful of "fog" in his hand. When he let go, the fog was like a handful of sand, sliding along his hand.
"It's some densely packed little insects!" A Paragon said as he stared at the "fog".
When the others heard this, they all focused their gazes.
As expected …
This thick purple fog was a type of extremely tiny flying insects. These flying insects were much smaller than sand and looked no different from the fog.
"What disgusting little insects. Burn them all!"
Tang Lun laughed faintly. With a wave of his hand, a handful of flames had already spilled out.
This handful of flames spread with a whoosh. In the blink of an eye, it covered an area of several million feet above everyone's head, as if it could burn a hole in the sky.
All strange insects were afraid of all kinds of flames. Tang Lun thought that these tiny insects would be burned to ashes in an instant.
What he did not expect was that not a single one of the little insects was burned to death.
The raging flames spread in the air, but the purple fog above everyone's head did not decrease.
"These little insects are not afraid of fire? That's strange! "Tang Lun said with his eyes wide open.
If they were not even afraid of the Saint's flames, then there was only one explanation. These seemingly weak little insects were immune to all flames.
"We can't spread our divine sense out," another Paragon Saint shouted with a panicked expression.
Hearing this, the others all spread their divine sense out. When they did, the corners of Emperor Hanqing's mouth curled up slightly, forming a smile.

Chapter 2320
These purple bugs originally spread over a relatively large area and did not show any signs of aggression.
But at this moment, all the bugs went crazy.
They were like a pack of wolves that smelled blood and swarmed toward the "living beings" below.
"It's so itchy. These bugs are biting me!"
"It's so painful!"
A Perfected True God was surrounded by countless bugs. It looked like he was wrapped in a thick layer of purple fog.
This Perfected True God struggled crazily and kept rolling on the ground.
"Damn bugs. I'll blow you all up!"
A strong Dao Connotation suddenly emerged from this Perfected True God's body.
"Pa pa pa pa pa …"
This Perfected True God had already lost his mind. Those thunderbolts were like wild dragons that shot toward the surrounding people.
The surrounding people dodged.
"Leng Chan! Are you crazy? "
A Secondary Sage from the Leng Clan stretched out his hand to block a thunderbolt and reprimanded.
This Perfected True God was the Perfected True God from the Leng Clan, Leng Chan.
But Leng Chan was still activating his Dao Connotation crazily. It was very difficult for this Secondary Sage to even get close.
These purple bugs could even withstand Tang Lun's flames. Leng Chan's thunderbolts had no effect on them at all!
In just two to three breaths' time …
Just as the Leng Clan's Sage, Leng Yao, was about to attack, Leng Chan, who was rolling on the ground, stopped moving.
The purple bugs that were attached to Leng Chan's body had already flown up.
When everyone saw Leng Chan again, their faces were filled with astonishment.
Leng Chan's body was still intact, but there was a big round hole on top of his head. This big hole was bitten out by those little insects.
Those bugs had actually drilled into Leng Chan's mind and swallowed his soul!
Leng Chan was a Perfected True God after all. Even if his soul was swallowed, his body was emitting a strong vitality. Even the world in his body was operating on its own.
However, everyone knew that he was nothing more than an empty shell without a soul.
Not only Leng Chan, but there were also six other Perfected True Gods and three Secondary Sages who were attacked by the purple bugs.
Among them, a Secondary Sage from the Liu Clan soared into the sky, wanting to get rid of these purple bugs. But as this Secondary Sage flew up, he attracted even more purple bugs …
After a long time, this quasi-sage fell from the sky and smashed onto the ground with a bang.
Similar to Cold Cicada's encounter, there was also a large circular hole at the top of the Liu Clan's secondary saint's head. His soul had also been completely devoured by this purple bug, leaving behind only an empty shell.
In the blink of an eye, nine people had died, and three of them were secondary saints.
Everyone's heart was hanging in the air. Many people's hearts were in a mess.
Only the heavens knew what kind of creatures these little insects were. Even a Saint couldn't kill them. Didn't that mean that they wouldn't be able to leave today?
Some people had already turned their gazes towards the spatial tunnel. Perhaps there was still a chance of survival if they returned through the spatial tunnel.
"Don't panic, everyone! These purple bugs won't attack us! "
Dongfang Chunjun's voice was heard.
At the most critical moment, Dongfang Chunjun's words calmed everyone's panicked state of mind.
"Yes! These purple bugs only attacked specific people, they didn't attack us! "Mu Haiji echoed.
"Before we figure it out, don't do anything! This insect is indeed very strange. "Tang Lun's ruddy face was also covered with a layer of sweat.
This was indeed the Abyss Demon Realm …
Even a Saint would be helpless if they were careless.
Everyone remained silent.
Some people didn't even dare to speak. They looked directly at Dongfang Chunjun in silence. They were afraid that their voices would provoke these purple bugs …
Dongfang Chunjun narrowed his eyes and looked at the "living dead" on the ground. He lowered his head and pondered.
At that moment, Hua Tianming suddenly said, "These little bugs don't have much intelligence. When the Tang Family's Saint burned them with fire, they didn't attack the Tang Family's Saint."
"Everyone knows this. Do we need you to say it?" Dongfang Taiqing sneered.
Hua Tianming ignored Dongfang Chunjun and said, "However, the reason these little bugs acted strangely seems to be because of a sentence from the Liu Family's Secondary Saint."
"A sentence?" Dongfang Chunjun pondered for a moment, and his eyes suddenly lit up. "Liu Haixiao just shouted that 'Divine Consciousness can't spread out'!"
Liu Haixiao was the Liu Family's Secondary Saint who died.
The situation just now was very chaotic.
Many people neglected this detail.
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, many people recalled what had happened.
"Yes! When he said that Divine Consciousness can't spread out, I also planned to release my Divine Consciousness … "a Secondary Saint said.
Hua Tianming nodded. "I'm afraid these little bugs use Divine Consciousness to determine the target and track the target's soul. If I'm not wrong, the nine people who died just now all released their Divine Consciousness!"
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, the Saints couldn't help but nod.
Hua Tianming's deduction was very reasonable. Otherwise, these little bugs wouldn't have targeted only a few people.
Some people even broke out in cold sweat. If they had released their Divine Consciousness just now, they would probably be corpses now.
However, this was only a guess. Everyone was in a dangerous situation. If it wasn't confirmed, no one would dare to act rashly.
Emperor Hanqing looked at Sky Sword with a trace of admiration in his eyes.
He heard that Sky Sword wasn't born in the Dongfang Family, but was an outsider.
It was even rarer for an outsider True God to reach the Perfection Realm with his own talent. He was indeed smart …
Of everyone present, only Emperor Hanqing had come into contact with these Soul Devouring Bugs.
The Soul Devouring Bugs' specialty was that they didn't fear any Dao attacks. Be it the Dark Thunder Divine Dao or the Fledgling Flame Divine Dao, they couldn't cause any real damage to these little bugs.
However, these bugs had very weak senses and would often wander aimlessly around a certain area.
However, once they sensed that a soul had released a Divine Sense, they would swarm over like mosquitoes that had smelled blood. They would only stop when they had devoured the target's soul completely.
"Whether or not it's as Sky Sword said, can't we just prove it?" Emperor Hanqing smiled at Hua Tianming.
Dongfang Chunjun stared at Emperor Hanqing and asked, "How do you plan to prove it, Emperor Hanqing?"
Emperor Hanqing's body flickered as he approached the portal. Looking at the purple Soul Devouring Bugs, his eyes flashed and an extremely powerful Divine Consciousness spread out in all directions.
As soon as the Divine Consciousness was released, it was devoured by the bugs, so it couldn't travel very far in the purple mist.
Just like what had happened before, the purple mist began to surge towards Emperor Han Qing.

Chapter 2321
As soon as Emperor Hanqing hid in the tunnel, the Souldevouring Insects lost their target.
They tangled with each other, forming a dense purple mist that danced wildly at the entrance of the tunnel.
It took a while for it to disperse.
"It's just as Sky Sword said!"
"Looks like we can't release our consciousness here!"
"As long as we don't release our consciousness, these purple insects won't do us any harm!"
Seeing this scene, the others immediately relaxed.
Not long after, Emperor Han Qing came out of the spatial tunnel again.
However, the purple insects had completely forgotten their "target" and didn't try to attack him.
This meant that the Souldevouring Insects didn't have any intelligence and couldn't remember their target.
"Thank you for your hard work, Emperor Hanqing," Dongfang Chunjun said.
Emperor Hanqing nodded and laughed. "We're all conquering the Abyss Demon Realm together. We have to do what we can!"
"That's right! Previously, we underestimated this place. From the looks of it, if we don't work together, it will be very difficult to take down this forbidden area, "Fang ShiXing added.
Emperor Hanqing's face was full of smiles, but he was thinking about something else.
Logically speaking, the Souldevouring Insects shouldn't appear on the third level of the Abyss Demon Realm.
These strange insects usually resided at the core of the fourth level.
There was a special kind of moss on the fourth level, the Tundra of Death. When it grew, it contained powerful soul energy. It was called the Soul Moss. The Souldevouring Insects fed on the Soul Moss.
Now that a sea of Souldevouring Insects had appeared on the third level, someone must've released their consciousness to attract the insects.
The only ones in the Abyss Demon Realm who could do something like this were the demons of the Abyss.
The demons should've sensed the movements of the Saints by now.
Knowing the demons, they wouldn't allow anyone else to control the Abyss Demon Realm. They wouldn't just sit around and wait for death.
This was probably the first wave of attacks they'd planned. Or rather, a wave of "testing"!
True gods couldn't release their consciousness, so they were like mortals who'd lost their eyes.
In addition to the purple mist that covered the sky, everyone's vision was greatly obstructed.
"Don't fly too high or too fast," Dongfang Chunjun ordered. "About ten feet will do. Follow me through the purple mist."
After the others calmed down, they silently floated up.
"Huff huff huff …"
More than a hundred people quietly flew forward.
The third level of the Abyss Devil Domain was the limit that people from the God Domain could visit.
Some Sages had come here before, but they did not pass through the spatial passage that Hua Tianming had mentioned. Furthermore, they encountered a powerful attack when they stepped into the third level of the Infernal Domain, and had no choice but to retreat.
Therefore, it wasn't just the Perfected True Gods and Quasi-Sages. Even some Sages weren't confident.
The only thing that could make the Saints feel a little more at ease was that they could eventually rely on the universe to be resurrected. Even if they were unfortunate enough to die in the Abyss of Demons, as long as their universe was fine, they could eventually be resurrected. This time, following Dongfang Chunjun could be considered as "risking their lives" to accompany him.
After flying through the purple mist for more than two hours, Li Yunmu finally stopped.
Even though they had deliberately lowered their speed, they had still traveled over a hundred thousand kilometers. However, they were still unable to fly out of the purple mist.
"Brother Chun Jun, something doesn't seem right. Aren't there too many of these bugs?" Mu Haiji asked with a serious expression.
Dongfang Chunjun looked at the mist and said with a slight frown, "Something is indeed wrong."
No matter how many of these bugs there were, it was impossible for them to cover such a vast area of over a hundred thousand kilometers.
If it were any other time, they could release their Divine Consciousness and spread it to an extremely far place, and they could immediately determine their location.
However, no one could release their Divine Consciousness now, so they could only focus on running around …
"I've entered the third level of the Abyss of Demons before, but I've never seen this purple mist. Brother Chun Jun, do you think that this purple mist was deliberately set up by those Evil Demons?" Leng Yao pondered for a moment and then said.
The Saints were all extremely intelligent, so it was very easy for them to think of this.
Their journey this time could be said to be ferocious, so it was impossible for the Evil Demons to not react.
"Most likely." Dongfang Chunjun nodded. His eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a hint of ruthlessness.
Although those Evil Demons were powerful, he would rather face them directly than deliberately set up a maze like this.
If the purple mist was really set up by the Evil Demons, he had to think of a way to lure them out.
Thinking of this, Dongfang Chunjun suddenly said, "Everyone has traveled for so long, let's take a break here!"
"Rest now?"
"It's too dangerous to rest in this purple mist, isn't it?"
"Don't say anymore, Great Sage Chunjun has his own plans!"
Some Great Perfection deities also muttered in their hearts.
These people were full of energy, and flying like this for a few years would not be a problem. Now that they were suddenly told to rest again, it was indeed puzzling.
However, no one dared to disobey Dongfang Chunjun's order.
Thus, everyone descended from the sky again …
Mu Xuerong, Dongfang Taiqing, Fang Henshao, and the others gathered together, their faces filled with anxiety.
This damned place was actually beyond the scope of their abilities. If they were not careful, these Great Perfection deities would be the first to die.
However, the Saints could not control the forbidden area. Although the risk here was great, there were also opportunities that they could not give up.
Next, all they could do was wait. As long as they did not release their Divine Consciousness, they would be able to coexist peacefully with the purple bug.
Two hours …
Four hours …
Twenty hours …
Everyone stood still in their original positions.
Maintaining full concentration for a long time, but it was also a boring and boring meditation. Even for this group of powerhouses, it was a kind of test.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the abyss …
In the center of the turbulent lava lake, a creature with red skin was squatting on a protruding rock.
This creature was only half the height of a human, and it had a pointy mouth and monkey cheeks, like a strange monkey.
It was also an Evil Demon, but it did not look as powerful as other Evil Demons, but it was more intelligent.
"Hiss … If they don't move, the Soul Devouring Insects will probably disperse," the Evil Demon said with a frown.
Even the Evil Demons could not command these Soul Devouring Insects.
They had spent a lot of effort to bring the Soul Devouring Insects here from the fourth level …
If the Soul Devouring Insects were unable to find "soul food" for a long time, they would disperse and return to the Soul Tundra.

Chapter 2322
The little demon was wearing a skull on his arm.
This skull was clearly the skull of a dead True God. It was unknown what method was used to refine it, but the surface was shining with a strange luster.
"Kekekeke …"
The lower jaw of the skull moved and the little demon's voice was transmitted through the skull.
And on the other side of the third layer of the Abyss Demon Domain.
Countless corpses were piled up into a mountain …
At the top of this mountain of corpses, there was also a little demon squatting there.
This little demon's mouth was full of sharp teeth as he was crazily devouring the corpses on the mountain of corpses.
The corpses on the mountain of corpses didn't come from some kind of living being. These corpses were naturally produced in the forbidden area, and they were also products of fantasy.
Some huge mountain of corpses even had a consciousness of attack. As they wriggled, they quietly devoured any living being that approached the mountain of corpses!
This mountain of corpses was originally three thousand feet tall.
But this two feet tall little demon that looked like a dwarf actually ate more than half of it in the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
The huge mountain of corpses kept wriggling. The corpses at the bottom of the mountain stretched out their limbs and helped the mountain of corpses crawl. But the mountain of corpses couldn't get rid of the little demon at the top of the mountain. It could only let out horrifying screams from the countless corpses.
"What's the hurry? It wasn't easy to get to the top. It's been a long time since I've eaten such delicious corpses." The little demon on the mountain of corpses gnawed while speaking to the skull next to him. When he opened his mouth to speak, blood dripped down from his mouth.
"Paji, paji …" After gnawing for a while, the little demon said, "Anger and jealousy haven't come up yet. I'm afraid we won't be able to do it!"
The Abyss Demon Domain was formed from all the negative "power of faith". This was once an extremely chaotic world.
The seven negative emotions of all the True Gods of the Divine Realm controlled everything here.
Gluttony, Greed, Sloth, Pride, Lust, Jealousy, and Anger …
All the monsters in the Abyss Demon Domain were controlled by these emotions. There was no trust, no rules, and the law of the jungle was displayed to the extreme here.
If it wasn't for the strong rise of the Evil Demon Race, this chaos might have lasted forever.
But the Evil Demon Race ended everything.
This special race born in the Abyss Demon Domain had wisdom that ordinary people couldn't reach.
Even so, they were still affected by these seven negative emotions in the beginning. Demons fought against each other for years, causing countless deaths and injuries.
Later, a demon discovered a way to control these seven negative emotions!
Not only did he completely control these seven negative emotions, but he also turned them into seven slaves of the Demon Clan, which were seven little Demons!
The little demon in the lava lake was called 'Pride'.
And this little Devil who was constantly devouring the mountain of corpses was Gluttony. Ever since Gluttony was born, he had been constantly devouring, but he had never filled his stomach.
"Master didn't ask us to kill those idiots. He just asked us to test them. In fact, if the seven of us work together, we can make them sleep on the third floor forever. Tsk tsk!" The little demon called Pride said with disdain.
Just as the two little Fiends were conversing, a lazy voice was transmitted, "There's no need to be so anxious, they can't walk out of the encirclement of the Soul Devouring Insects, we can wait …"
This was a little Demon called Sloth. After stepping into the third floor of the Abyss Demon Domain, he had been lying down and sleeping beside the lava lake.
The surging heat waves emitted by the magma made him feel very comfortable.
"If we wait any longer, the Soul Devouring Insects will all run away. Aren't you afraid of Master?" The little Demon called Pride threatened.
Hearing Pride's words, the other little Fiends quivered.
Master's punishment was unbearable for them. If they couldn't complete the mission, they knew what they would have to face.
"Then let's do it …" The little Demon called Sloth got up from the ground. Compared to the other little Fiends, this little Fiend's movements were extremely slow.
But when he took a step, his speed reached a terrifying level!
In the blink of an eye, he disappeared on the spot …
The other four little Fiends also rushed into the purple mist with the same exaggerated speed.
…
…
Hua Tianming crossed his arms and quietly observed the dense purple mist.
After the purple mist above his head rolled hundreds of times, he finally confirmed it and said, "The purple mist is slowly dissipating."
Hua Tianming was the first to confirm. Soon, Leng Yao also confirmed Hua Tianming's words. "Yes, the number of these little insects has decreased …"
Although it was only a very small change, they still noticed it.
"It seems that Brother Chunjun's judgment is correct." Tang Lun chuckled.
It was extremely difficult to conquer the Abyss Demon Domain with pure strength. They had to be careful with every step they took. It would be best if they could wait for these strange little insects to leave.
Dongfang Chunjun sat motionless on the spot and stared ahead. There was a hint of seriousness in his expression. Then, he slowly raised his hand.
Everyone was slightly confused when they saw Dongfang Chunjun's expression.
Like them, Dongfang Chunjun couldn't release his divine sense. What could he see in the purple mist?
Just as everyone was confused, Dongfang Chunjun suddenly grabbed the air in front of him.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A black hand appeared from Dongfang Chunjun's right arm. It maintained the exact same movement as him and suddenly grabbed forward!
"Ahhhhh …"
That black hand had actually grabbed onto something with incomparable precision!
Everyone focused and saw that it was a monster less than two feet tall. It looked like a dwarf!
The dwarf writhed wildly in Dongfang Chunjun's black hand and screamed …
"What is this?"
Everyone was stunned. This little monster seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. No one knew how it had appeared.
Only Dongfang Chunjun sensed it.
Dongfang Chunjun tightly grabbed the little monster and shook his head. "I don't know. This thing is very fast. It's faster than me!"
"Faster than Brother Chunjun?" The Saints were slightly shocked.
"And there seems to be more than one," Dongfang Chunjun said as he turned to look in the other direction.
Just as he finished speaking, Emperor Hanqing suddenly turned around and pulled the Han Liusu behind him. Then, he lightly flicked his finger.
"Pu!"
The power of Emperor Hanqing's finger was unimaginable.
That little monster that was flying towards Han Liusu gave a muffled groan, and was sent flying with a flick of his finger.

Chapter 2323
The little monster's movement speed had reached an unimaginable level.
It was impossible to lock onto the little monster's position without using Divine Sense …
Tang Lun could not do it, Mu Haiji could not do it, and the other Saints could not do it, let alone the Quasi-Saints and Great Perfection.
Dongfang Chunjun could not do it either.
It was just that he used other methods to sense this step first, so he could catch one of the little monsters with one hand.
How did Emperor Hanqing sense it?
That was why Dongfang Chunjun was surprised and confused.
However, it was not the time to think about this. These little monsters were too difficult to deal with!
"Ahhh …"
The little monster that was caught by Dongfang Chunjun's black hand struggled wildly.
However, it had already fallen into Dongfang Chunjun's hands. How could it escape?
"Pfft!"
Dongfang Chunjun suddenly squeezed his right hand.
The huge black hand also erupted with a huge amount of power and tightly pinched the little monster.
Under such great power, the little monster's body was distorted beyond recognition.
However, it was still howling wildly and did not seem to be hurt!
"This thing's vitality is so tenacious. What the hell is it …" A Saint exclaimed.
Dongfang Chunjun shook his head. "It's indeed very strange …"
"Damn you, let go of me, or you'll regret it!" The little monster suddenly threatened as it screamed.
Dongfang Chunjun heard this and smiled faintly. "You can't even protect yourself, but you have a way to make me regret it?"
However, just as he finished speaking, he suddenly felt something and turned his head abruptly.
Another little monster was charging over!
This little monster's speed was also incredible, and it held a three-meter-long bone saber in its hand, which did not match its height of two feet.
When everyone saw the bone saber, it was already very close to Dongfang Chunjun.
If it was anyone else, they would not be able to dodge it!
However, Dongfang Chunjun seemed to have predicted it. He gently lowered his head, and the bone saber naturally flew over his head.
Meanwhile, the little monster disappeared from everyone's sight at an incredible speed, leaving behind only a cold wind that made everyone feel a chill in their hearts.
Dongfang Chunjun dodged the slash, but another little monster appeared on the other side.
The little monster's upper and lower jaws separated to form a bloody mouth that was one size larger than its body. The moment it appeared, it bit the black hand.
The black hand that Dongfang Chunjun condensed broke, and the little monster quickly rescued its colleague and disappeared in front of everyone again …
"We can't catch it at this speed!"
"It's better to leave this purple mist as soon as possible …"
"Staying here is completely at their mercy …"
Right now, regardless of whether it was a Saint, a Secondary Saint, or a Paragon, all of them were on full alert.
However, no matter how vigilant they were, it would be useless!
If he could use his divine sense to sense their existence, lock onto their position, and predict their location in advance, he would still have a fighting chance …
Now, except for Dongfang Chunjun, the others would be at their mercy!
Dongfang Chunjun's expression remained calm. "Everyone, try to get closer. These little things are not as powerful as you think."
When the others heard this, they quickly moved to stand behind Dongfang Chunjun.
Only Dongfang Chunjun could protect them now.
However, as soon as Dongfang Dongfang Dongfang
Whoosh!
A high-speed whistle sounded in everyone's ears, and then they felt a strong wind blow past their faces.
When they looked carefully, a little monster was already standing in front of them, and this little monster had an extra head in its hand!
"Second Brother!"
Leng Yao turned pale with fright. He turned around and saw that the Leng Clan's Secondary Sage's head had been chopped off. The head in the little monster's hand was the Leng Clan's Secondary Sage's.
The Han Clan's Secondary Sage's face was full of fear and disbelief …
He was a Secondary Sage, but he had fallen here before he could display his strength. Whether it was him or the others, it was hard to accept!
"Who said I'm not as powerful as you think? Hahaha …"
The little demon laughed sinisterly. Then, it threw the Secondary Sage's head in the air and was about to land on the ground.
However, another little devil appeared strangely in that direction. It opened its bloody mouth and swallowed the Leng Clan's Second Saint's head into its stomach. At the same time, it also patted its stomach provocatively toward the Saints and let out a series of strange laughter.
"Hahahaha …"
"Too delicious!"
The Leng Clan's Secondary Sage really died just like that.
"You're courting death!"
Leng Yao couldn't bear it anymore.
He jumped up and clasped his hands together. A dazzling azure luster bloomed from his hands.
A long spear with a threatening cold aura had quietly appeared …
Each of these Sages had the ability to destroy heaven and earth. However, they couldn't release their divine senses in this godforsaken place. It was as if their hands and feet were bound.
Just as Leng Yao was about to cast his sacred art, a black hand shadow suddenly appeared behind Leng Yao.
That black hand grabbed Leng Yao and pulled him down from the air, smashing him onto the ground with a boom.
Just as Leng Yao was being dragged down, another figure carrying a large bone saber flashed past where Leng Yao was just a moment ago!
The one who used the black hand was naturally Dongfang Chunjun!
If not for Dongfang Chunjun's pull, even Leng Yao's head would have been chopped off.
"Calm down," Dongfang Chunjun advised calmly.
When Leng Yao saw his brother die, he naturally couldn't contain his excitement. He didn't expect to almost lose his life because of this and felt a wave of lingering fear.
"These little things rely on their speed the most. Once the purple mist dissipates, they won't be that scary anymore," Mu Haiji reminded.
Leng Yao nodded. His eyes flashed slightly as he waved his hand lightly.
Waves of cold energy spread out around him, forming a milky white halo!
"Whoosh!"
Then, the circle of light suddenly expanded!
In the blink of an eye, everything within a thousand kilometers was frozen.
He also understood that since he couldn't capture these little monsters, he could only guard this place!
Leng Yao's Frozen Cloud Barrier could greatly reduce the speed of these little monsters.
Perhaps it was out of provocation, but just as Leng Yao froze the area, the five little monsters hidden in the purple mist flew over again.
Dongfang Chunjun and Emperor Hanqing's eyes flashed …
But this time, Emperor Hanqing thought of something. He glanced at Dongfang Chunjun indifferently and didn't choose to attack.