Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.5

Chapter 2794
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Family members
Mo Yijian slowly walked toward Luo Zheng, a faint smile still on his face.
His every move seemed careless, as if he had complete control over his emotions.
"We meet again," Mo Yijian said.
Luo Zheng glanced at him and said, "You haven't paid for my sword. Eight million divine crystals."
"You don't have to be so stingy, do you? I haven't sold any Sword Comprehension Liquid these past few months. You've earned all those divine crystals, "Mo Yijian said with a smile.
Luo Zheng shrugged. "I earned it with my own ability. You didn't give it to me."
Mo Yijian had warned Luo Zheng, but after returning to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, someone had also warned Mo Yijian.
There were a dozen people in the Heavenly Palace who could make Sword Comprehension Liquid, but they had given this privilege to Mo Yijian.
In the past few years, Mo Yijian had used this privilege to accumulate a lot of divine crystals. Naturally, someone had asked him to give this privilege to Luo Zheng …
"Paying you a few million divine gems is not a problem, provided that you have the strength to defeat me. I wonder how long you will have to wait?" Mo Yijian slightly raised his eyebrows. His provocation became clear.
No disciple in the Heart Flow Sword Sect could contend against Mo Yijian.
In the past few years, he had never found anyone who could threaten him in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. In fact, there were only two or three disciples of the same generation in the entire Heavenly Palace.
But there seemed to be one more in front of him …
"Of course I'm not in a hurry to pay this debt, but I believe it won't take long," Luo Zheng said with a shrug.
Mo Yijian smiled. "I'll wait for you, but I hope it's not … forever."
Then he took Han 'er's hand and walked away.
"Did you hear that? This Luo Zheng seems to have some conflict with Mo Yijian? "
"That's not the point. The point is that this guy can make Sword Comprehension Liquid!"
"So he's a genius who comprehended the Dao with a single thought. No wonder … a genius is a genius. He's extraordinary no matter where he goes!"
Compared to the result of Luo Zheng reaching the tenth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda, the news revealed by Mo Yijian shocked them even more.
After all, the Heart Flow Pagoda was only a test of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. It was possible to cultivate a special method to resist the Heart Fire, but comprehending the Dao with a thought was a standard. Geniuses who met this standard had limitless potential in the future.
There were hundreds of millions of people in the Heavenly Palace Domain. Since ancient times, how many geniuses had comprehended the Tao with a single thought?
"Comprehending the Dao with a single thought …"
The bewitching woman suddenly came to a realization, and a look of anger appeared on her face.
It was impossible for the Heavenly Palace not to know that such a genius had come up the mountain, but no one had warned her!
Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin were already immersed in great joy. They almost couldn't accept this result. When they saw Luo Zheng walking towards them, their cheeks flushed red.
"Young, Young Master Luo …"
Xiaoyin thought of her complaints about Luo Zheng, and her expression became a little unnatural.
"I said that I wouldn't let you down. You shouldn't be disappointed, right?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"How could that be …" Xiaoxin quickly shook her head.
"A genius like Young Master Luo doesn't need to be idle to cleanse his heart. Xiaoxin and I were blind," Xiaoyin said.
"That's good. Let's go back," Luo Zheng said as he prepared to leave with the two women.
At this time, the bewitching woman said, "Wait a minute."
Luo Zheng turned around and asked, "What's the matter?"
"According to the rules of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, you and Li Can have passed the seventh floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda, so you have to move out of your residence," the bewitching woman said politely as she stared at Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng was just a new disciple, his potential was comparable to Mo Yijian, and he even had the potential to surpass Mo Yijian. Naturally, she would change her attitude.
Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin's hearts bloomed when they heard the bewitching woman's words. Looking at Luo Zheng's wooden expression, they almost wanted to agree on Luo Zheng's behalf.
The attendant, Luo Zheng, said, "There's no need. That courtyard is already a very good residence for me."
Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin's expressions became very interesting. They didn't know how to describe Young Master Luo.
"That won't do. These are the rules of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Luo Zheng, please move in. Otherwise, I'll be in a difficult position." The bewitching woman's tone was gentle, but she didn't intend to give in. After all, this was her duty.
Luo Zheng looked at Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin. The two women in white seemed to be saying, "Move in, move in …"
He smiled helplessly and said, "Okay, let's go back and prepare. We'll move in …"
Watching Luo Zheng and the two women leave, the woman in white called Su Yin bit her lip.
In a daze, she bit her lip until it started bleeding.
Thinking of how she had mocked Xiaoyin before, she felt that what was happening now was more like a huge conspiracy, silently mocking her ignorance.
The other women in white were also agitated.
Two hours ago, they were still pitying Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin, but they were about to be chased down the mountain.
Two hours later, they had followed the young masters to those independent courtyards. Moreover, this Young Master Luo could even be mentioned in the same breath as Mo Yijian. This huge disparity was like a heavy hammer pounding on their chests, suffocating them.
… …
… …
Those independent courtyards were very spacious.
There were six entrances and six exits. There were even three courtyards.
There were small pavilions and jade ponds in the courtyards. The arrangement was picturesque and very livable.
People like Luo Zheng who cultivated did not have any requirements for the external environment.
If it was not on the top of Greater One Mountain, a True God would be able to build such a courtyard within four to six hours.
After walking around the courtyard, Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin followed closely behind.
After moving into the independent courtyard, their remuneration had tripled.
For the children of ordinary people, the return of divine crystals was a very considerable number.
But the two women had their own little thoughts.
Since Young Master Luo knew the mechanism of the [Heart Flow Tower], he also understood the importance of the [Heart Flow Sword]. If Young Master Luo wanted to continue to study the [Heart Flow Sword], he could not escape from this.
Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin were still young, so how could they not admire someone like Luo Zheng?
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "Since I live alone in this courtyard, can I bring my family to live in it for the time being?"
Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin and the other girls had been staying in his inner world. It was time to let them out for a breath of fresh air.
"Family?"
Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin exchanged a glance, then Xiaoyin said, "This courtyard is given to Young Master by the [Heart Flow Sword Sect], the sect will not interfere, but... does Young Master Luo have a family?"
In their eyes, Luo Zheng's skeletal age was very young, so they naturally did not expect this detail. Their reaction was very surprised.

Chapter 2795
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Stumbling
With a single thought, Luo Zheng created an Inner Body Incarnation and appeared in Immortal Mansion.
When the girls heard this news, they all had different expressions.
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed as a look of anticipation appeared on her face. Xi Youqin, on the other hand, was cheering excitedly.
Su Lingyun looked calm and indifferent. Luo Zheng returned to Immortal Mansion every once in a while and accompanied her for a while. She was already very satisfied.
As for Xun, although she did not say a word, she also stopped cultivating. She also wanted to see the legendary Mother World.
With a flash of white light, the girls appeared in the open space in front of the courtyard. Their faces were full of curiosity.
Xun stretched out her hand and sniffed. She quietly sensed and said, "This place … doesn't seem to be much different from the Divine Realm."
"Indeed, there isn't much difference." Luo Zheng nodded.
There was a huge difference between Huan Yu and the Divine Realm. After all, Huan Yu was only an Inner World. It was fundamentally different from the real world in terms of rules. Although the Divine Realm was created by Chi You, it was no different from the Mother World in terms of level.
Xi Youqin strolled around the courtyard. After all, this courtyard was prepared for the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. The courtyards and pavilions were built in picturesque disorder. It was indeed a good place to live. It was not inferior to Immortal Mansion in any aspect.
But Xi Youqin's focus was different from the other girls. She returned to Luo Zheng's side and her gaze immediately fell on Xiaoyin and Xiao Xin. Seeing their beautiful faces, she said in a playful tone, "These two must be Husband's lovers?"
Luo Zheng knew that this would happen if he let Xi Youqin out. But if he asked Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin to come out alone, how could Xi Youqin compromise?
He was just about to explain when Xiao Xin bowed to Xi Youqin. "Madam, we are only Lord Luo's servant girls."
Xi Youqin blinked. Ning Yudie, Xun and the other girls were also a little puzzled.
With Luo Zheng's personality, he naturally did not need any servant girls to serve him.
"So you are servant girls?" Xi Youqin smiled. "Since we are out, Husband doesn't need you to take care of him. You can leave."
Hearing this, Xiao Xin was speechless and did not dare to refute. But Xiaoyin's choice.
She looked at the women beside Luo Zheng with mixed feelings. These women were all extraordinary in appearance and bearing, and each of them had their own unique characteristics.
Previously, she had thought that Luo Zheng was an ascetic cultivator who did not care about love affairs. It turned out that he had hidden these women in his Inner World. This was far beyond her expectations. However, on second thought, Young Master Luo was so outstanding that he naturally did not jump out of a stone. It was normal for him to attract the attention of other women.
But Xi Youqin's words made her completely depressed.
She and Xiao Xin had gone through so much suffering and met Luo Zheng's miraculous performance. It was not easy for them to enter this independent courtyard, but this woman wanted to drive them away with just a few words. How could she give in?
"Madam, don't you think you are too domineering?" Xiaoyin said in a low voice.
Xi Youqin raised her eyebrows. "Domineering? How can a servant girl talk like that? "
"We were ordered by the Sword of Heart Sect to take care of Young Master Luo. Naturally, we can't be dismissed so easily. In the future, Young Master Luo's cultivation and the affairs of the Sword of Heart Sect will be handled by us …" Xiao Yin explained.
How could Xi Youqin know what the Heart Sword Sect was?
Among the girls in the Immortal Mansion, Xun was more concerned about Luo Zheng's cultivation. Every time Luo Zheng appeared, she would ask for advice. Luo Zheng would also teach her everything he knew.
Ning Yudie was concerned about her husband's future. She would ask where he was and what kind of power he had. Sometimes, she would give Luo Zheng advice.
As for Xi Youqin, she did not have many thoughts other than being with Luo Zheng …
Xiaoyin's words stunned Xi Youqin.
But Xi Youqin's bright eyes flashed. "Okay, you are just here to pass on the message, right?"
She reached out and a purple sword floated beside her hand. With a light wave of her finger, the purple sword moved.
"Slash …"
The sword drew a straight line in the courtyard.
"Of course I will take care of my husband. The other side of the courtyard is yours. Other than passing on the message, you can't go there," Xi Youqin said generously.
Xiaoyin was furious at Xi Youqin's submissive attitude.
She thought this girl was gentle and quiet and easy to talk to. She did not expect her to be so difficult.
Ning Yudie, Xun, and the other girls smiled at Xi Youqin and shook their heads inwardly. They were used to Xi Youqin being like this.
Ning Yudie looked at Xiaoyin and Xi Youqin's distressed expression. She reached out and took the sword from Xi Youqin's hand. "Okay, don't make trouble. Since our husband has entered the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he has to follow the rules. Don't make things difficult for him."
This was not the Divine Realm, but the Mother World, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Her husband was just a disciple here, so it was impossible for him to act as unbridled as he did in the Divine Realm. Regarding this point, Ning Yudie was much more thorough than Xi Youqin.
Under the persuasion of Su Lingyun and Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin finally gave in. But Xi Youqin still set a rule: They were not allowed to enter Luo Zheng's room!
…
…
For the next few days, the days passed very quietly.
Xiaoyin left the courtyard early in the morning. When she returned, she was holding a brocade box in her hand.
She went straight to the second floor of the courtyard with the brocade box. Xi Youqin took the opportunity to lean against the side of the pavilion and block her path.
"This is a secret item that the Heart Flow Sword Sect gave to Young Master Luo. I need to personally hand it to him!" Xiaoyin said.
Everyone lived in peace for the past few days, but Xiao Yin and Xi Youqin were still stumbling around.
"What is it? I will personally hand it to my husband. You are not allowed to step in," Xi Youqin said proudly.
"You are not qualified to touch such a precious item!" Xiaoyin also put up a tit for tat.
"You!" Xi Youqin could not tolerate this and was about to explode.
At this moment, a coughing sound suddenly came from the courtyard. The two women turned to look at the source of the sound, and their expressions changed slightly.
At some point, a handsome middle-aged man with a long beard had appeared in the courtyard.
When Xi Youqin sensed this middle-aged man's aura, there was a faint trace of fear in her eyes. Even if she did not know the immensity of heaven and earth, she knew that this person's strength was unfathomable.
"I will personally deliver the Heart Flow Sword Manual. I still have some things to discuss with Luo Zheng." The person who came was Qiu Yinhe.

Chapter 2796
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fiend Star
After their last encounter, Luo Zheng knew that Qiu Yinhe was a casual person.
He smiled. "Elder Qiu, why are you so sure that I'll choose the Heart Flow Sword Sect?"
"Because I'll be waiting for you on the mountain. If you choose the Murdering Sword Sect or the Absolute Formation Sword Sect, I'll drive you back to the right path," Qiu Yinhe said casually.
Such a sincere answer made Luo Zheng speechless. After a while, he said, "Elder Qiu, it seems that you're really from the Heart Flow Sword Sect?"
"Yes." Qiu Yinhe nodded and pushed the box in front of Luo Zheng. "You've already chosen three True Meaning Sword Scriptures. You should have some success in all of them. But I hope you can spend as much time on the Heart Flow Sword as possible."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had many things to study now.
The Thousand Burying Sword of the Fusion God Sword Scripture needed to be continuously honed to level up. After obtaining the Mind's Eye, Luo Zheng also looked forward to the power of the sword pattern. Although he had almost mastered it, he still needed to master it.
Also, he wanted to explore the two Sanskrit words that Luo Nian helped him translate …
"Because there's not enough time," Qiu Yinhe said seriously. "You need to increase your cultivation as soon as possible."
Increasing cultivation meant going to the other side. But what did this have to do with cultivation?
Seeing Luo Zheng's confused expression, Qiu Yinhe continued, "Strictly speaking, the Heart Flow Sword isn't a sword art divine art. It's a divine art that cultivates the mind. Its most powerful aspect isn't in this world."
"Elder Qiu, you mean it's on the other side?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Heart Flow Sword was said to train the mind, but "mind" was a general term. In the past, those people did not study the secrets of the soul thoroughly. They called the heart the soul, but the soul was actually in the mind.
Luo Zheng's test in the Heart Flow Tower was essentially a test of the soul.
"Correct again." Qiu Yinhe nodded with satisfaction.
"Elder Qiu, what did you mean by not enough time?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course it's related to the Paramita Realm. You're still in the First Heaven and can't touch that level. So after comprehending the Heart Sword Technique, you need to enter the Paramita Realm as soon as possible. That's the source of power. Our Heart Sword Sect will naturally make arrangements for that," said Qiu Yinhe.
Qiu Yinhe Sword Scripture, no matter what sword technique Luo Zheng's Sword, the increase in Shen Jun power was limited.
However, if one were to obtain a Nirvana Realm Token from the Nirvana Realm, the power of Shen Jun would most likely increase exponentially …
Qiu Yinhe didn't say anything more and took his leave.
"What will the Heart Flow Sword Sect do?" Luo Zheng wondered.
He remembered that Lingshuang had said that the Heavenly Palace had its own fixed forces and temples in the other side. Therefore, she did not care about the Heavenly Palace's Sword Scripture and was not in a hurry. It seemed that the Heart Flow Sword Sect was the same as the Taiyi Mountain. Or rather, the Heavenly Palace would take special care of these elites and not let them roam freely.
If so, he was looking forward to entering the other side. But before that, he still followed Qiu Yinhe's instructions and comprehended the Heart Flow Sword Scripture.
Luo Zheng opened the brocade box and took out the Heart Flow Sword Scripture.
…
…
Blood Qi filled the sky at the foot of Mount Hades in the center of Prison State.
Mount Hades had 33 grotto-heavens with 33 clans living in it.
Mount Hades was not famous in the mother world. Those who gathered here were all branches of some clans.
The Human Clan also had a branch called the "People of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens."
There were not many experts in these 33 grotto-heavens. Even the top experts in the "People of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens" were only at the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. The other clans were similar.
Because of this, the 33 clans contended with each other and lived in peace.
If they were invaded by other clans, the 33 clans would join hands to defend their pure land.
But what happened today made the clansmen of the "People of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens" panic.
The rich blood Qi spread up Mount Hades and into the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens. The smell of blood rushed into their nostrils.
A few two-winged bats flew to the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens. One of the two-winged bats spoke in human language. "Squeak squeak … Why don't you persuade him? That guy is going to slaughter all of us!"
The leader of the "People of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens" smiled bitterly. "What can I do? You were in the wrong first. Who told you to provoke such a fiend? "
"Squeak squeak. We only sucked the blood of one of his Lion Pythons. It's just one Lion Pythons! Just one! At most, we'll compensate him with Divine Crystals. 100 Divine Crystals! 1,000 Divine Crystals will do! He wants to slaughter our entire clan. What kind of logic is this! "the two-winged bat said angrily." Aren't our 33 grotto-heavens united? Now that our Bat Clan is in trouble, you're just going to stand by and watch? "
The leader of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens waved his hand. He gritted his teeth and said, "Then I'll go persuade him again!"
With that, he jumped down from the mountainside and arrived at the bottom of Mount Hades.
Countless two-winged bats were torn to pieces. Their blood mixed into the soil and dyed the ground black.
This was only the outside of the grotto-heavens. The inside of the grotto-heavens was probably even bloodier.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
In the third grotto-heavens of the Bat Clan, there were continuous explosions.
Countless two-winged bats wanted to escape from the grotto-heavens. But as the blazing white light flashed, they were all annihilated.
Logically speaking, the 33 grotto-heavens would attack that fiend when faced with such a situation.
But the "Blue Ghoul Clan" of the second grotto-heavens was helping the "Bat Clan". Now, 90% of the Blue Ghoul Clan had been slaughtered. Even the leader of the Blue Ghoul Clan had died. How could the other grotto-heavens dare to provoke this fiend?
They all closed their grotto-heavens and refused to come out.
The people of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens didn't dare to provoke him. They didn't want to meddle in such matters …
But this fiend happened to be a human!
Based on the friendship of the same clan, the people of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens sent two people into the grotto-heavens to persuade him. But who knew that the two people would be thrown out as soon as they entered the grotto-heavens. Only two bloody and headless corpses were left.
How could the people of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens dare to persuade him?
The key was that from the beginning to the end, it was just a mount, the "Soaring Lion".
While he was on his way, he had tied the "Lion King" he had captured to one side. The Bat Clan lived by sucking blood, especially the blood of the "Lion King". How could he hold back when he saw the tamed Lion King?
In the end, they found the wrong target. If they had the chance, they wouldn't have dared to do anything to this fiend's Soaring Lion.
Seeing the "Bat Clan" being slaughtered, the leader of the people of the Nineteen Grotto-Heavens couldn't refuse their pleas. He could only go personally.
He walked to the entrance of the third grotto-heavens and looked inside with vigilance.

Chapter 2797
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The woman in the long dress.
The clan leader's face turned pale. "Spare me, hero. I have no intention of speaking up for my fellow clan members!"
"Then what do you mean? Speak!" The malefic man increased his strength.
"Crack crack!"
The clan leader's ribs were crushed. If the malefic man increased his strength, his body would have been torn apart.
"The bats sucked the blood of your lion. They deserve to be exterminated!" The clan leader gritted his teeth.
Driven by his survival instinct, he could only say so.
"Humph! That's right! It would have been better if they didn't provoke me. Now that they've provoked me, it's their bad luck. I'm not just going to kill these bats. I'm going to kill all the other clans in this mountain! "The malefic man sneered.
"Why, why …" The clan leader didn't expect the malefic man to be so cruel.
The other clans in the 33 caves saw how powerful the malefic man was. They were afraid of following in the footsteps of the Blue Ghouls and the Bat Clan, so they all shut themselves in.
However, they were all carefully spying on the movements below. When they heard the malefic man's words, their expressions changed.
"We didn't provoke this man at all. He wants to exterminate us?"
"If that's the case, we can only fight to the death!"
"This man has just entered the Nirvana Realm. If we attack him together, he'll die of exhaustion!"
The clans conversed in their own language.
Then, the boundaries of the caves opened one by one. The clans in the 33 caves, no matter if they were weak or strong, all came out.
Some of them were huge and strong like bulls, while others were short and small, but their bodies were filled with poison ….
The clans of different shapes and sizes gathered into a torrent and rushed toward the malefic man.
The malefic man still stepped on the clan leader's chest and said, "Why? Hahaha … Because of one sentence. Those who aren't of my clan will have a different heart! "
Then …
He suddenly turned around. Strands of five-colored energy gathered like a new moon. There was no fear on his face except for a sinister smile.
He had grown up in the midst of killing.
"Those who aren't of my clan will have a different heart" was complete nonsense.
Back in that world, he had killed over ten times more human beings than non-humankind beings. After he had killed all the geniuses of a continent, he would move on to another continent until he was the only one left in the entire world. No one would dare to say a word against him!
Boom!
Boom!
"Boom …"
Following the flickering of the three blazing white balls of light, the resulting explosions grew louder and louder!
None of the creatures in the entire Netherworld Mountain could recognize the energy used by this fiend. They all thought that this fiend had a special Nirvana Token, but in fact, he didn't even borrow the power of the Nirvana Token.
Violent energy shockwaves pulverized all living beings that dared to approach.
Broken limbs were scattered all over the ground …
In the first round of slaughter, the top experts of the 33 Caves had all fallen.
The leader of the human race from the 19th Paradise stared blankly at the malefic star floating in the air. His eyes were filled with fear …
He had heard that the powerful Human Clan would recruit some peerless geniuses. However, those peerless geniuses could not be compared to the person in front of him.
"Come on! Hahaha! "
The non-humankind beings in the 33 Caves felt that powerful Divine Jun Energy. They fell into despair. Many of them began retreating.
But would this malefic star allow them to do so?
Several crescent moons floated by his side once again as he chased after those non-humankind beings!
At the same time …
There was a huge pitch-black ship floating 5,000 kilometers above the Prisoner Prefecture.
This ship looked dilapidated. It was emitting a heavy aura of death. It was like a ghost ship drifting slowly.
There were many skeletons embedded on the side of the ship. These skeletons belonged to the Human Clan, the Jinwu Clan, the Nuwa Clan, the Heavenly Music Clan, and the Yan Clan!
Furthermore, the owners of these skeletons had undergone the Chaotic Origin Rebirth. They were all experts from these huge clans …
"Ka …"
A hand that was as pale as a piece of paper gently picked up a human head from the railing of the ship.
The owner of this hand was a human girl wearing a black gown. This girl was extremely beautiful, but she did not have a single strand of life force. If she could not move, she would be a corpse.
She placed this human's head at the tip of her nose and gently sucked on it. Strands of green flames drifted out from the eye sockets of this skull and entered her mouth and nose.
"There are so many skeletons on the ship, yet you chose his skull." A sinister voice sounded from behind her.
This person was wrapped in a black silk thread. His original appearance could not be seen. However, his body was thin and long like a bamboo pole.
"After all … he is my lover who has been with me for 100,000 years. His taste is the sweetest." The girl chuckled softly. She continued sucking on the skull with an intoxicated expression.
"Truly perverted." The bamboo pole grumbled.
At this moment, a unique energy ripple appeared below.
Even though it was thousands of miles away, the ghost-like ship could faintly feel it.
The girl in the black gown tilted her head slightly. Her eyes revealed a strand of doubt. That bamboo pole felt it too.
"It seems to be Dao-fusion energy?" The girl in the black gown asked.
"It doesn't seem to be, it is. Moreover, this person has suppressed the Dao-fusion energy to the twelfth layer. The Dao-fusion energy's degree of perfection is also very high." The bamboo pole said with certainty.
"There are still people who cultivate this nowadays. I'm very curious … should I go down and take a look?" The girl in the black gown asked.
"Up to you." The bamboo pole shook his head. "As long as you don't delay the captain's matters."
And so, the girl in the black gown jumped down from the ship. Thousands of kilometers in the sky, she emitted a dense aura of death. She was like a comet that brought death as she fell straight towards Nether Mountain.
Below Nether Mountain was an Asura purgatory. The smell of blood soared to the sky.
The only race that had survived in the 33 Caves was the human race.
"The scenery of this Abyssal Mountain is beautiful, and it's also a pretty good place to cultivate. I've already exterminated the other alien races. If you submit to me, I can forgive you and protect you." The fiend said to the leader of the nineteen Paradise.
"What crime have we committed that you have to forgive us?"
The leader thought bitterly in his heart. But how could he dare to say this out loud? With this fiend's personality, as soon as he opened his mouth, he would most likely die.
Just as the leader hurriedly nodded, a dense aura of death swept over from above …
The moment the aura of death infected the blood and severed limbs on the ground, they seemed to gain a strange vitality.
"Bzzz …"
The blood began to flow into the severed limbs.
Whether it was red, black, brown, or blue blood, it was the same.
The countless severed limbs began to join together. These severed limbs included heads, arms, mouthparts, bone blades, and so on.
As they continued to combine, they formed a huge monster.
This monster's appearance was so ugly that just looking at it would make one feel nauseous.

Chapter 2798
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Chaotic Origin Reconstruction
This black-robed woman was extremely beautiful, but she emitted an aura that made people uneasy.
After sensing how powerful this woman was, the fiend's expression sank slightly. He sneered: "Who are you?"
"You want to know my name?" A playful smile appeared on the black-robed woman's face: "Only by killing it will you be qualified to …"
As she spoke, the fusion monster under her feet suddenly moved.
Dozens of different severed limbs crawled on the ground and pounced toward the fiend.
When the fiend saw the attack of the fusion monster, he snorted. Surging Dao Fusion energy surged out like waves. Then, it transformed into crescent moons that smashed onto the surface of the fusion monster.
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
Powerful Dao Fusion energy spread out in all directions. Some of the Dao Fusion energy even hit the black-robed woman.
But this Dao Fusion energy did not harm her fair and tender skin. Even her black hair did not flutter. Her neat bangs seemed to be hung by a lead pendant and did not move at all.
She did not care if the fusion monster could defeat this person. Instead, she was observing the circulation of the Dao Fusion energy.
"It is indeed the twelfth layer …"
"In the past, there were a total of seven methods to use Dao Fusion energy. The most perfect ones were the Fusion God Sword Scripture and the Transformation God Fusion Technique. The people who created these seven methods were all people of the same generation as the captain. But this person's method does not belong to any of the seven methods …"
"Which peerless expert created another one? It shouldn't be … The Fusion God path has been proven to be unworkable. No one would be unfaithful to it. Could it be that he created it himself? "
After deducing, the black-robed woman's eyes revealed a hint of surprise.
At this moment, the fusion monster under her feet had already been blasted into a huge hole by the fiend. A few more attacks and it would shatter into pieces again.
"I want to see … your true strength." The black-robed woman lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot.
Black death energy wandered within the severed limbs. The fusion monster's strength increased explosively. A violent aura was emitted from the fusion monster.
At this moment, the Fiend's face finally changed quite a bit!
"Just this little bit is not enough for me to fight!"
The fiend roared, and Dao Fusion energy erupted once again.
The crescent-shaped Dao Fusion energy changed and became a rhombus. The surface of the rhombus was divided into layers.
The woman in the black dress glanced around and counted the levels. Her eyes were filled with shock again. "There are actually 21 levels …"
The level of the new moon-shaped energy could not be seen at a glance, and one could only comprehend it. This meant that this fellow had more than enough control over it. However, he should have realized that the higher the level, the harder it was to control the energy. After exceeding the twelfth level, he could only change his shape, and he could not hide the level he contained.
This method looked simple and clumsy, but it was actually effective and powerful. More importantly, this simple method was definitely something that he had figured out himself!
Just as the woman in the black dress was about to increase the strength of the fused monster again, a deafening explosion rang out.
The entire fusion monster had been reduced to ashes …
What the woman in the black dress saw was a blazing white light.
Before her eyesight had recovered, a figure had already pounced on her. One hand twisted her neck, and a knee directly hit her lower abdomen.
"Bang!"
Then, the woman in the black dress was pressed to the ground.
The malefic star did not hesitate at all. He knew that this woman's strength was beyond his imagination.
If he wanted to defeat her, he could only catch her off guard!
"You're so beautiful. You're suitable to be my woman. Hahaha … However, what a pity!"
As he laughed, he formed a rhombus-shaped Dao Fusion energy. Without any hesitation, he viciously stabbed toward the woman in the black dress' face.
"29 levels? Heavens! How many levels can this guy push the Dao Fusion energy to … "
The woman in the black dress did not resist. She did not move. All of her attention was focused on the Dao Fusion energy. It was as if she had already disregarded life and death. Or rather, she did not care about her own life at all.
"Boom!"
The blazing white light exploded again.
In the malefic star's eyes, such a terrifying power was enough to destroy everything.
No matter how powerful this woman was, she could not withstand this attack.
However, when the light disappeared, the woman's peerlessly beautiful face appeared in front of the malefic star unscathed.
She was not injured in the slightest …
Her long hair, which looked like it had been stretched out by a pendant, was scattered on the ground. Not a single strand was broken.
There was not a single scar on her fair face. It was as if that previous attack did not exist at all.
After appreciating the astonished expression of this male, the woman in the black dress chuckled: "Have you heard of the Chaotic Origin Recreations?"
She did not mind this male pressing her down. Instead, she continued explaining as if she was telling a story, "When you break through to a certain level in the Paramita Realm, there will be a limit to what you can endure. No matter who it is, you will not be able to take another step forward. Otherwise, your fleshy body will be crushed by the Paramita Energy. If you want to continue advancing in the Paramita Realm, you have to undergo the Chaotic Origin Recreations. At that time, your fleshy body will be strengthened to a terrifying level …"
"You … have undergone the Chaotic Origin Recreations before?" That malefic star coldly asked.
"Mn." The woman in the black dress chuckled: "Hence, even if you are stronger now, you are like an ant biting on metal. You can't injure me at all …"
Hearing those words, that malefic star felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar.
How high was his talent?
It's a pity that he had been trapped in his inner world and knew too little about this Great World.
The level mentioned by the woman in the black dress had completely exceeded the scope of his imagination and understanding …
But even so, the malefic star did not have any intention of begging for mercy. His eyes were like that of a snake as he stared coldly at this woman. It's just that his full-strength attack could not injure this woman at all. For a moment, he did not know what to do.
The body of the woman in the black dress was just like a snake. She gently twisted her body. That arm of hers seemed to be boneless as it coiled around the body of this malefic star.
That seemingly soft body contained a strength that did not allow him to resist.
Not long after, she actually pushed the man to the ground. She lowered her head to look at the man and said with a smile, "You've got guts … You're far from qualified to make me your woman. How about you become my disciple?"
This malefic star did not expect that she would suddenly make such a request. If it was any other person, that person would most likely agree in a hurry under such circumstances. But he gave a sinister smile, "The world gave birth to me with Evil Deities. I have learned it without a teacher. Nobody in this world can be my teacher or father! You can just kill me! "
"Evil Deities …"

Chapter 2799
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Shen Tu
Evil Deities' expression changed slightly after being exposed by the woman in the black dress.
The existence of the Soul Lodging Grounds was a form of restraint for Evil Deities, but it was also a form of protection.
However, if the Soul Lodging Grounds could be easily destroyed, then this layer of protection would be meaningless.
"Even if that's the case, you can still kill me!" Evil Deities sneered.
To be able to become a formidable person, he was able to disregard life and death. There weren't many things in this world that could make him worry.
The woman in the black dress sized up this man who had just entered the Nirvana Realm, and the smile on her face deepened.
"If that's the case … I'll satisfy you," the woman in the black dress smiled slightly.
Her white fingertips lightly touched Evil Deities' cheek and pressed against his forehead.
"Wait," Evil Deities suddenly stopped her.
"Afraid of death?" The woman in the black dress showed a trace of contempt.
She had seen many people like this. Before death, they were generous and generous, but when death really came, they would shrink back and become afraid. This guy in front of her was probably the same …
"Hmph," Evil Deities coldly snorted, "I killed that fusion monster. Can you tell me your name?"
The woman in the black dress was slightly stunned, and smiled, "My name is … Shen Tu."
After hearing this name, Evil Deities closed his eyes. Even in the face of death, Evil Deities didn't panic in the slightest.
Then, an eerie aura of death curled up from her fingertips. After a while, Evil Deities became dizzy and motionless …
An amazing talent, a violent and eccentric personality. This was the blessing of the God of Fate. He existed for the sake of the Kurofune!
Of course, she wouldn't really kill him …
She casually lifted Evil Deities with one hand, and her breathtaking eyes suddenly looked at the Human Clan Leader of the 19th Paradise not far away.
When the Human Clan Leader and the woman in the black dress looked at each other, their hearts suddenly beat wildly.
However, she only lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot and rushed up …
After she left with the Evil Deities, the leader of the Human Race let out a long sigh of relief.
If that fiend was an existence that they couldn't afford to offend, then this woman was an existence that they didn't even dare to look at!
Their tiny little Abyssal Mountain … why had they encountered such a thing?!
Fortunately …
Most of the non-humankind beings in the other thirty-two caves had been killed, but the humankind was still unharmed.
Although that fiend was cruel, he still cared about their kinship.
Just as the patriarch was rejoicing, he suddenly heard the sound of flowing water.
"Gululu, gululu …"
Within the thirty-two caves, all the dismembered corpses, severed limbs, and broken bodies merged back together.
These terrifying fused monsters had wings and bone blades. They were wrapped in an eerie aura of death as they swarmed towards the patriarch and the nineteen caves …
Boom!
Evil Deities were thrown onto the deck of the Ghost Ship like a dead pig.
The 'bamboo pole' stared at Evil Deities and sighed, "The twenty-ninth layer of Dao Fusion energy, if he really comprehended it on his own, his perception is terrifying."
"He most likely learned it on his own. He would rather die than acknowledge a master, so naturally he doesn't have one," Shen Tu said.
"It's a pity that he refused to acknowledge a master, so he's not flexible enough. However, most people with such talent are like this," Bamboo Pole asked, "Are you planning to make him into a flesh and blood puppet, or do you have other plans?"
Shen Tu glanced at Evil Deities with a smile and immediately said, "I want him to join the Kurofune."
Bamboo Pole was stunned for a moment before asking, "Are you crazy?"
"Fei Lian was banned by Nuwa, so there has always been a vacancy on the Kurofune," Shen Tu leaned against the railing and stroked the skeleton on his arm, "The captain will definitely agree."
"Even if his talent is extraordinary, it's impossible for him to join, he's too weak," Bamboo Pole shook his head.
"You don't need to worry about that, I naturally have a way," Shen Tu said.
The current Evil Deities had no value to the Kurofune, but that didn't mean that the Evil Deities wouldn't have any value in the future.
The Kurofune didn't belong to any super force, and even had bad relations with most of the super forces in the Mother World. Naturally, they didn't have the ability to select talents from those super forces, so it was very difficult for them to replenish new blood.
And everything that Evil Deities had shown was in line with Shen Tu's intentions.
"Then you can talk to the captain yourself," Bamboo Pole no longer strongly objected.
As the deathly aura continued to spread, the ghostly ship quietly left.
At the foot of Nether Mountain, after a burst of miserable screams, it was silent again, leaving only the smell of blood drifting with the wind.
…
…
Unknowingly, another month passed.
Luo Zheng ordered Xiaoyin to send the Sword Comprehension Spirit Liquid down the mountain again, and at the same time bring back some news.
Su Kuan had finally persuaded Wen Si to give him a chance to go up the mountain.
As a result, this little brat was not strong enough and was trapped halfway up the mountain …
To be able to go up the mountain, one not only needed a referral, but also a considerable requirement of strength. Su Kuan was obviously a little lacking.
During this month, Luo Zheng spent most of his time on the [Heart Sword]. After comprehending it thoroughly, he found that the [Heart Sword] was not as simple as he thought.
Although cultivating the [Emotion Severing Divine Path] could indeed become the foundation of the [Heart Sword], the gap between the two was very large …
The [Heart Sword] needed to be comprehended bit by bit in leisure, and blindly pursuing speed was not an option. Even though he had reached the tenth floor of the [Heart Sword], he had only comprehended a small part of it in a month.
Naturally, he couldn't spend all his time on the [Heart Sword]. It was also very important to enter the Nirvana Realm to improve his cultivation. He believed that the other disciples of the [Heart Sword] Sect would also spend some time on the Nirvana Realm.
On the first day of the month, Luo Zheng chose to go into seclusion.
This time, Luo Zheng directly burned his body with fire and entered the Nirvana Realm with his physical body.
Last time, Luo Zheng wanted to thoroughly explore the Sky Sunflower Temple, but coincidentally, Jinwu invaded Biyun City. When his physical body reached the Nirvana Realm, he was interrupted. Now that he had time, he would naturally explore it well.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng appeared on a golden beach.
Now was not the time to break through to the Nirvana Realm. There were very few Sun Souls in the sky above the beach.
After looking around for a while, he walked forward.
The topography of the Nirvana Realm was not complicated. Luo Zheng easily found the way to the Sky Sunflower Temple based on his memory.
As he hurried along, Luo Zheng thought of the Sealing Stone in his body.
Since the Sealing Stone had been refined into one with him, and his physical body had entered the Nirvana Realm, did he bring this thing with him?
According to Luo Zheng's knowledge, it was very difficult to bring foreign objects from the mother world into the Nirvana Realm. He only knew of two things that could be brought into the Nirvana Realm. One was the Soul Elixir, and the other was the Nirvana Key.
With a slight thought, he wanted the Sealing Stone to float out of his arm …
"There's no reaction …"
Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled. He thought too lightly of the Nirvana Realm.
If it were so simple, he was afraid that so many living creatures in the mother world would not have to take the risk to cross the Sea of True Intent.

Chapter 2800
Cumbersome Transactions
The last time he came to the Sky Sunflower Temple, there were already three groups of people waiting here.
The disciples of those small factions had crossed the other shore. These people might have some Soul Pills in their hands, but even a First Heaven Paramita Key was not something that could be easily obtained. They were naturally happy to try their luck at the entrance of the various temples.
It was normal for some people to wait here for ten days to half a month, or even a month or two.
This time, there were actually more than a hundred people waiting here!
With the appearance of Luo Zheng, everyone's gazes fell on him.
A physical body appearing on the other shore was very eye-catching no matter what. These people whispered to each other, discussing the weirdo Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng walked directly to the entrance of the Sky Sunflower Temple. These people swarmed over, wanting to follow him.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Although no one could take away the things in the crack at the top of the temple, he still did not want anyone to see it.
"Brother, can you open the temple?" a middle-aged man asked in a steady tone.
This group of Yang Souls naturally understood their own weight, so they were very polite to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng turned his head and swept a glance over these people …
He was afraid that when he opened the Sky Sunflower Temple, they would swarm in.
"I can open it," Luo Zheng answered.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, everyone was delighted.
The days of waiting here were boring. Finally, there was someone who could open the door, so they were naturally happy. Although this person was very strange, standing here with his physical body, it did not affect their exploration of the temple.
"That's naturally good, hehe!" the middle-aged man laughed. The others also rubbed their palms.
"But only I can enter the Sky Sunflower Temple. Don't follow me," Luo Zheng said again.
The smiles on everyone's faces immediately froze.
"This … Friend, the Sky Sunflower Temple is so big. If we all go in together, we won't get in each other's way …"
"That's right. One Paramita Key for only you to enter. Isn't that too wasteful?"
"Brother, we are of the same race. It's convenient for each of us …"
These people immediately begged.
Hearing these pleas, how could Luo Zheng waver?
However, when he took a look at this dilapidated temple, his heart skipped a beat. He then said, "None of you have fused with the Paramita Token, right?"
"Yeah, we just entered the Nirvana Realm not long ago."
"I've only been here for two months. I haven't been able to find a suitable Nirvana token."
"…"
Luo Zheng then said, "Look, how about using the bricks of this temple as your Nirvana token?"
Although the Sky Sunflower Temple was a temple in the First Heaven, the bricks used to build the temple also contained the power of the Nirvana Realm, and it was not weak.
At the very least, it was far stronger than those Nirvana Tokens in the first heaven …
Luo Zheng had planned to knock down these bricks, and now it was an opportunity.
"These bricks?"
"Can you knock it down?"
"If you can get a brick, I'll give you a hundred soul pills in exchange!"
"I'll give you two hundred soul pills!"
When the temple was dilapidated, there were always people who were lucky enough to get one or two bricks from the temple as their Nirvana token. However, such opportunities were too rare. Although the Sky Sunflower Temple was dilapidated, not a single brick could be dug down.
These people also realized that it was possible. After all, Luo Zheng had a real physical body!
After a few bids, someone had already bid five hundred soul pills.
They were willing to wait bitterly in front of the temple, but they were not rich people.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng walked to a corner of the temple, clenched his fist, and began to circulate his power.
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, a crack appeared on the brick at the edge of the temple.
"Bang!"
After the second punch, the brick was completely broken.
Luo Zheng held up the broken half of the brick and said, "How about this, I won't charge too much for this brick. Three hundred soul pills will do."
Almost as soon as he finished speaking, a person rushed in front of Luo Zheng, and a bunch of soul pills gushed out from his Yang Soul. "Three hundred soul pills, I'll take it!"
These people had a rough judgment of the energy in the Nirvana Realm. The power of the Nirvana Realm contained in this half of the brick was at least five or six Jun. It was already considered a top-grade Nirvana Token in the first heaven.
Luo Zheng held the brick and waved it in front of the person. "I have one more condition. I'll enter the temple in a while. You guys can't enter. You have to guard the door for me."
"Okay!" The person agreed quickly.
These people entered the temple to look for the Nirvana Token. This half of the brick satisfied them. Naturally, they had no motivation to enter the temple, not to mention that there were many dangers in the temple.
Next, Luo Zheng began to knock on the brick …
He had fused with the Mind's Eye and obtained the help of the Fearful Eye Demon Clan. He didn't really want to tear down the temple, so he carefully knocked on the brick along the periphery, knocking out half of it at a time, and then exchanging it for soul pills.
Not everyone could take out so many soul pills. Faced with such an opportunity, some people quickly left the Nirvana Realm and tried to find a way to get more soul pills.
As for those who got the brick, they couldn't wait to fuse it.
But after more than ten transactions, Luo Zheng quickly encountered a new problem.
There were too many soul pills, and he had no place to store them.
There was a Sumeru Ring in the mother world. No matter how big an item was, it could be stuffed in casually.
The body of the Yang Soul could also hold some things. For example, the few candles were stored in Luo Zheng's Yang Soul.
Luo Zheng couldn't fuse these soul pills into his body. Previously, he had Ling Shuang's help, but he hadn't entered the Nirvana Realm for so long. Ling Shuang might have left long ago.
Among these people, there was no one he could trust. If these people took the soul pills and fled the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything.
In fact, the transactions in the Nirvana Realm were extremely risky. The Rat Alliance and some large merchant alliances would have a comprehensive set of methods to deal with them. Luo Zheng didn't have such conditions, so he had to think of another way.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and stopped knocking on the brick. He placed more than two thousand soul pills at the entrance of the Sky Sunflower Temple. At the same time, he said, "Those who didn't get the brick, help me guard these soul pills. I'll be back in a while."
The remaining people couldn't wait to buy the brick. Although the pile of more than two thousand soul pills wasn't a small amount, the square brick of the temple was more attractive to them. Moreover, if they snatched the soul pills, they would offend Luo Zheng. Naturally, no one was willing to do so.
After Luo Zheng left the inner world, he took the Nirvana Key in his hand and chanted according to the Sanskrit words that Luo Nian had deciphered for him. Traces of lines flowed continuously in his palm.
After activating the Nirvana Key, Luo Zheng once again appeared in front of the temple.
He placed his hand on the door of the Sky Sunflower Temple. After opening the temple, he moved all the soul pills into a hidden corner of the temple. Then, he went to knock on the brick to carry out the transaction.
After repeating this several times, most of the hundred people obtained their own square brick.
According to their previous agreement, they had to help Luo Zheng guard the entrance of the Sky Sunflower Temple.
After entering the temple, Luo Zheng once again left the Nirvana Realm.
This time, he activated the True Meaning of Dao and let his Yang Soul escape to the Nirvana Realm.
Those people didn't know that Luo Zheng's physical body had already left, so they should be diligently guarding the temple. Luo Zheng could enter the temple with his Yang Soul Body and take the soul pills.
However, just as Luo Zheng's Yang Soul escaped to the Nirvana Realm, Ling Shuang's Yang Soul followed closely behind.

Chapter 2801
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Metal Flower Branch
"Don't tell me you've been waiting here …"
As Luo Zheng asked, he realized that Ling Shuang's Yang Soul aura was very different.
The sharpness hidden in her Yang Soul was several times stronger than before!
"Of course not, I've already entered the Fourth Heaven!" Ling Shuang's tone was a little dissatisfied.
She had been waiting here for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng had run straight to Jade Cloud City without telling her. If not for someone forbidding her from leaving the Center God Province, she might have followed him.
"Fourth Heaven … so fast?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Ling Shuang answered matter-of-factly, "After absorbing so many soul crystals, it's natural for me to go to the Fourth Heaven. If not for waiting for you, I would have left the Fourth Heaven."
Strictly speaking, the Paramita Realm was only a huge and mysterious place. The division of realms by the Paramita Realm was not strict.
Seeing Ling Shuang's dissatisfied expression, Luo Zheng patted her head and said, "Okay, it won't happen again … Let's go collect those Soul Cores. There are too many of them, I don't know how to deal with them."
"Soul Cores? Where did you get them? "Ling Shuang followed behind Luo Zheng and asked.
"Follow me and you'll know," Luo Zheng said.
The two of them returned to the entrance of the Sky Sunflower Temple.
Those people kept their promise. Hundreds of people blocked the entrance of the Sky Sunflower Temple like sentries.
Some people saw these two unfamiliar Yang Souls approaching and immediately became nervous.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had absorbed a lot of soul crystals, especially Ling Shuang. During this time, not only did she enter the Fourth Heaven, she was also cultivating the Taiyi Soul Mantra. Just by standing here, she gave those Yang Souls a lot of pressure.
Even so, someone still stood up. "You're not allowed to come close. There's a strong person inside the temple exploring!"
They felt that they could not fight against these two Yang Souls, so they could only use "Luo Zheng" inside the temple to speak.
"You think we're not allowed just because you say so?"
Ling Shuang was about to flare up when Luo Zheng reached out and gently stopped her. He then said, "Everyone, don't be nervous. Just let us in."
Although Luo Zheng had a Yang Soul Body, his appearance was similar to that of a physical body. It was just that his appearance couldn't be seen clearly. When he spoke, those people naturally recognized Luo Zheng's identity.
"Eh, it's you? This is the Yang Soul Body? "
Those people were also somewhat confused.
It was their first time seeing a physical body in the Nirvana Realm. Naturally, they thought that Luo Zheng was a unique existence. Some of them even guessed that Luo Zheng was a native of the Nirvana Realm.
Only now did he realize that Luo Zheng actually had another Yang Soul!
"Of course it's me," Luo Zheng answered.
After these people confirmed, they made way for Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang to enter the Sky Sunflower Temple.
"Why are those people so obedient?"
When Ling Shuang saw the scene earlier, she was naturally very curious.
When Luo Zheng walked to the hidden corner and displayed more than 20,000 Spirit Elixirs in front of her, Ling Shuang was even more surprised.
With Ling Shuang's status, it wasn't that she hadn't seen Spirit Elixirs before. However, the First Heaven was a barren place where even birds wouldn't shit. Most of the Yang Souls here didn't have much wealth. Ling Shuang was naturally shocked to see so many Spirit Elixirs here.
"I hammered down the bricks of the temple and sold them to those people." Luo Zheng chuckled.
"Bricks …"
Ling Shuang was a little speechless.
When he first entered the Sky Sunflower Temple, Luo Zheng did have this plan. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to really carry it out.
"They will naturally be obedient if I sell them at a cheaper price." Luo Zheng shrugged, then looked at the Spirit Elixirs and said, "It's just that I don't know how to take away so many Spirit Elixirs …"
As far as Luo Zheng knew, the only thing that could store things in the Nirvana Realm was the Yang Soul itself. His physical body couldn't take anything away at all.
However, the things that the Yang Soul could store were also limited. With so many Spirit Elixirs, it was still very difficult to rely on the Yang Soul's body to store them.
"It's indeed a little troublesome to take away so many Spirit Elixirs, but …" Ling Shuang said as she extended a hand in front of Luo Zheng. A dot of light revolved around her finger, forming a square frame.
Luo Zheng glanced at the frame and could feel the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment contained in it. "This is a Sumeru Ring? There are Sumeru Rings in the Nirvana Realm? "
"Yes." Ling Shuang nodded. "However, it's not easy to create a Sumeru Ring in the Nirvana Realm. You have to cultivate the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment to a very high level. Now that you have joined the Heart Flow Sword Sect, the Heavenly Palace will give you one when you reach the Fourth Heaven."
As Ling Shuang spoke, she bent down and aimed the frame at the Spirit Elixirs.
"Phew …"
As the frame flashed continuously, all the Spirit Elixirs were sucked into it.
These Spirit Elixirs were naturally safeguarded by Ling Shuang.
"Okay, we can go now," Ling Shuang said as she was about to leave the temple with Luo Zheng.
"Wait a minute," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
"What's wrong?"
In Ling Shuang's eyes, this temple was not very attractive to her. Last time, she had only accompanied Luo Zheng to explore it casually. It was a pure surprise that she could obtain so many Spirit Elixirs.
"There should be something else in this temple," Luo Zheng said.
"Is that so?" Ling Shuang revealed a hint of curiosity.
"Wait a minute," Luo Zheng said as his Yang Soul gradually disappeared and returned to the temple in his physical body.
Then, he took Ling Shuang deeper into the temple. They climbed the stairs around the temple and reached the top floor.
After reaching the top floor, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a crack on the wall at the end of the top floor …
"I found this crack last time, but my Yang Soul Body could not break it. This time is naturally different."
Luo Zheng said as he walked to the front of the wall.
After gathering the power in his hands, he suddenly hammered the crack.
"Dong!"
Although the temple itself was sturdy, it could not withstand the hammering of Luo Zheng's physical body.
With one punch, the crack rapidly expanded.
After several punches, the wall collapsed inwards with a bang.
"Sure enough …"
As Luo Zheng expected, there was a secret room behind the crack.
There was nothing around this dark secret room, but something floating in the middle of the room made Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's eyes light up at the same time.
It was a shiny flower branch. This flower branch seemed to be made of metal, slowly rotating in the air.
"This thing does not have the power of the Nirvana Realm?" Ling Shuang stared at the flower branch in surprise.
Almost everything in the Nirvana Realm had the power of the Nirvana Realm, from a grain of sand to a temple. It was just the amount of the power of the Nirvana Realm. Everything was the same.
This flower branch, which did not contain the power of the Nirvana Realm, was surprisingly different.
"Why would there be such a thing in the temple of the Fear of Eye Demon?" Luo Zheng also did not expect this.

Chapter 2802
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Continuous Ascension
No matter how one looked at it, it was a rare item.
Ling Shuang took it and couldn't figure out what it was.
"No matter what it is, put it away first. Maybe it will be useful in the future," Ling Shuang said as she put it back into the Sumeru Ring.
Then, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang went back the way they came and left the temple.
After Luo Zheng went in and out of the Nirvana Realm and withdrew his body from the temple, he let the people guarding outside the temple leave.
Most of them were satisfied after fusing with half of the square brick. Fusing with such a Nirvana token was enough for them to become the top in the First Heaven.
But there was still a small group of people who asked Luo Zheng if they could enter the Nirvana Temple.
This temple had already been thoroughly excavated by Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang. Luo Zheng naturally did not have any misgivings and very generously allowed them to do so.
So, the small group of people swarmed in …
This time, Luo Zheng entered the Nirvana Realm with the intention of quickly improving his cultivation.
Ling Shuang had already been to the Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. Under her guidance, the rest of the journey was much easier.
After leaving the Nirvana Temple, the two of them went up the canyon and walked along a green grassland.
About half a day later, Luo Zheng saw another building on the other side of the grassland.
"The Green Expanse Temple. The Nirvana Key of this temple is the least valuable. It's said that there's nothing inside. No one goes to explore it now," Ling Shuang introduced.
After crossing the grassland, there was an extremely wide road.
Along the way, there were some Sun Souls accompanying them. Now, they were heading to the same destination as Luo Zheng.
After walking for another four hours, Luo Zheng saw the third temple.
According to Ling Shuang, the Nirvana Key of this temple was extremely rare. No one had heard of anyone entering it.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, he might be able to break through the temple's door and force his way in. But when he thought of the race behind these temples, Luo Zheng gave up the idea.
Moreover, his main purpose this time was to grow quickly in the Nirvana Realm. Lingering in the First Heaven was meaningless.
One day and one night later …
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's Sun Souls finally reached the end of the path. Here, Luo Zheng saw tens of thousands of Sun Souls sitting there.
In front of those Sun Souls, there was a large white star ring floating.
Luo Zheng could feel the power contained in the white star ring even before he got close to it.
This kind of power was somewhat similar to the chill of the Sea of True Intent, but its power was several times stronger. If Luo Zheng, who had just stepped into the Sea of True Intent, came here, he would not be able to get close to this white star ring.
However, after absorbing a large amount of soul crystals in the Sky Sunflower Temple, Luo Zheng's Sun Soul had become much stronger. Although there was no change in its nature, it was still considered a Sun Soul and was several times stronger than an ordinary Sun Soul.
"The First Layer of Heaven and the Second Layer of Heaven are connected by the Star Ring. If you want to go to the Second Layer of Heaven, you need to enter the Star Ring," Ling Shuang said to Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was still watching, a few Sun Souls stood up and entered the white Star Ring.
When these Sun Souls entered, the white Star Ring began to spin faster and faster. At the same time, something seemed to be gushing out from the Star Ring.
"Hua …"
After a few breaths, the white Star Ring suddenly trembled.
The few Sun Souls that had just entered were directly thrown out and smashed to the ground.
"We failed," Ling Shuang said, shaking her head.
After passing through the white Star Ring, one could pass through the First Layer of Heaven and enter the Second Layer of Heaven. However, these people's Sun Souls were clearly not strong enough.
The Sun Souls that were thrown out were on the verge of death and were heavily injured. Although this place was not as dangerous as the Sea of True Intent, failure would still have a price to pay.
"It's our turn," Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed behind Ling Shuang, walking towards the white Star Ring.
This was not the first time Ling Shuang had passed through the white Star Ring, so it was naturally very easy for her. Luo Zheng was also very confident.
After the two of them entered the white Star Ring, the Star Ring also began to spin at high speed.
"Hua …"
Under the crazy rotation, Luo Zheng almost felt that his soul was about to be crushed.
He could not release his divine sense, nor could he investigate his surroundings. Everything became chaotic.
After a while, the white Star Ring once again spewed out a ray of white light. This ray of light flew up at a vertical angle …
When the others saw this scene, they also whispered to each other.
They were not envious. After all, whether it was Luo Zheng or Ling Shuang, the soul aura they emitted was too strong. They thought that Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had descended from the upper Nirvana Realm. They could not be envious of such people.
That ray of white light wrapped around Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng's Sun Souls and flew up.
After about the time it took to burn an incense stick, Luo Zheng felt his Sun Soul begin to recover. He once again transformed into a human form, and his divine sense also returned to normal.
When he opened his eyes and looked around, he was actually in a huge square.
There were even more Sun Souls in this square. There were actually more than 100,000 of them. In the center of the square, there was also a white Star Ring, but the aura this white Star Ring emitted was even more fierce. It was more than three times stronger than the First Heaven.
Of course, the Sun Souls sitting in this square were also much stronger than the Sun Souls in the First Heaven.
"This is the Second Heaven?" Luo Zheng asked. Su Kuan had been trapped in the Second Heaven. He did not know if he was also in this huge square.
"Yes, this is the Second Supreme Brightness Heaven." Ling Shuang nodded. "Luo Zheng, if you are tired, shall we rest first?"
"Let's continue," Luo Zheng said.
To Luo Zheng, going from the First Heaven to the Second Heaven was almost no challenge at all. How could he be tired at all?
He also understood why Ling Shuang could reach the Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm in such a short time … When the Sun Soul was strong to a certain extent, it was too easy to cross the First Heaven.
However, to prevent any accidents from happening, Luo Zheng replenished several Soul Elixirs. The two of them walked towards the Star Ring again.
Just like the First Heaven Star Ring before, Luo Zheng felt his divine sense being sealed again. His Sun Soul was also crushed. Immediately after, he began to ascend again.
Not long after, the two of them arrived at the Third Heaven of Purity and Innocence.
Going from the First Heavenly Layer to the Third Heavenly Layer in one go was already a very rare thing, and it could not be done without a powerful soul. However, the first base of the Heavenly Palace was in the Fourth Heavenly Layer, so the two naturally would not stop here.
However, the aura contained in the Third Heaven's white Star Radiance already faintly threatened Luo Zheng. Naturally, they did not enter blindly.
Ling Shuang's first attempt to break through the Fourth Heaven also took half a month to rest and reorganize.
However, Luo Zheng only stayed for two days. The two of them replenished dozens of Soul Elixirs and stepped into the Star Ring again to break through to the Fourth Heaven of the Dark Embryo Heaven.

Chapter 2803
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Trust
Luo Zheng looked around and realized that the architectural styles of these temples were different.
The temples that Luo Zheng saw in the First Heaven had very different styles. It was as if they were not of this era.
After all, every race had their own unique aesthetic standards. Naturally, the style of their buildings was very different.
However, although the four temples in front of him were different, they were all built in the style of humans.
"These temples … were built by humans?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Mm." Ling Shuang nodded. "Most of the super clans will build their own Divine Temples in the Fourth Heaven. Those weaker clans can only choose to build their own Divine Temples in the Second and Third Heaven. Some of the weaker clans even build their Divine Temples in the First Heaven …"
The races in the mother world were very diverse. Being able to build their first temple in the Fourth Heaven was a proof of their strength.
"So, the Fourth Heaven should be the busiest?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course. Follow me and you will know," Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng followed behind Ling Shuang and continued to look at the four temples. These four temples were all owned by humans. There must be one of the three orthodoxies of the human race. As for the fourth temple …
"The three orthodoxies of the human race. Each orthodoxy has a temple. Who does the fourth temple belong to?" Luo Zheng tried to ask Ling Shuang.
"You should have guessed it." Ling Shuang suddenly said, "It is the answer you are concerned about."
The Jiuli tribe …
Three of the four orthodoxies of the human race were gone.
Qiu Yinhe used Jinwu to invade and investigate Luo Zheng's background. However, Taiyi Mountain did not know. However, this did not stop Ling Shuang and the rest from speculating. After all, Luo Zheng's intentions could still be found.
"I don't know what Ling Shuang said that I thought of, haha …" Luo Zheng laughed.
"Are you still playing dumb?" Ling Shuang pouted. "Am I that untrustworthy?"
Even though they had gone through fire and water together, Luo Zheng had never revealed his origin. Although this did not affect anything, Ling Shuang had her own thoughts.
Luo Zheng choked for a while. Since Qiu Yinhe had already found out about him and the Heavenly Palace was not the enemy of the Jiuli Tribe, he did not need to hide anything from Ling Shuang.
Sometimes, if you were too cautious, you would lose the other party's trust. Even Luo Zheng himself would be vigilant against people of unknown origins.
"Even if it is what you think, I have my own difficulties. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely tell you the whole story," Luo Zheng said sincerely.
Ling Shuang walked briskly in front of him. She did not turn her head back, as if she was really angry.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step forward and pull her back, she suddenly turned her head and giggled. "Didn't we agree?"
Seeing Ling Shuang's mood change, Luo Zheng couldn't get used to it. He could only bite the bullet and say, "That's a promise!"
Then Ling Shuang told Luo Zheng in detail about the Divine Temple.
In the early days, the Human Race was weak. In order to survive, the four orthodox Human Race had huddled together. At that time, all the Human Race was one family. It was also a precious honeymoon period.
The Four Divine Temples of the Human Race were built at that time.
Not only did the Four Divine Temples exist in the Fourth Layer of Heaven, the Human Race also had Four Divine Temples in the upper Nirvana Realm.
But this honeymoon period did not last long. The biggest conflict was naturally the conflict between the Jiuli Tribe and the You Xiong Tribe.
The conflict between the two tribes was not enough to affect the entire Human Race.
At that time, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace was also a bystander. Donghuang thought that the conflict between the You Xiong Tribe and the Jiuli Tribe would not develop to an irreversible stage.
After all, the Human Race was not the only powerful race in the Mother World. After a long conflict, the other races would only benefit from it. Even Chiyou thought so.
The war between the two tribes was very similar to the war between the Taiyi Heavenly Palace and the Jinwu. The flames of war were only controlled in one prefecture. Rather than a war, it was more like a trial ground for the two tribes.
But the addition of the Lie Shan Shennong changed the situation.
The Jiuli Tribe was forced to retreat under the pincer attack of the two orthodox Human Race forces. Chiyou's defeat shook the Mother World. After all, it was not easy for a superpower to be born, and it was also not easy to be destroyed. But the alliance of Lie Shan and Dihong Tribe did it.
As for the Jiuli Tribe's Divine Temple in the Nirvana Realm, it was naturally taken over by the You Xiong Tribe.
"What was the reaction of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace after the Jiuli Tribe was destroyed?" Luo Zheng asked.
"As far as I know, Donghuang did not say anything. But he went to Li Mountain," Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng naturally understood when this was mentioned.
The conflict between the Human Race was clear. It was because they chose different paths.
These top experts cultivated to become demons. They were people with great perseverance and ambition. They would not easily change their Dao!
Donghuang knew that he could not fight against the alliance of the Dihong Tribe and Lie Shan Tribe alone. If he did not join them, he would have to find a new ally.
And Li Mountain had chosen the same path as the Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
Luo Zheng had learned this from the mouth of the Autumn Yin River. Now that he had confirmed it with Ling Shuang for the second time, Luo Zheng felt even more reassured.
He had chosen to join the Taiyi Heavenly Palace by accident. It was a very correct path.
9527 probably knew these things as well, but it had never said anything. Instead, it had subtly guided him to the right path.
The two whispered to each other as they walked to the square in front of the temples.
There was originally a statue erected at the entrance of each of the four divine temples. In front of the divine temple belonging to the Greater One Sky Palace was a giant sword, in front of the divine temple belonging to the You Xiong Clan was a giant bear that was extraordinarily domineering, and in front of the divine temple belonging to the Lie Shan Clan was a giant ruler.
As for the last statue in front of the temple, it had been destroyed. Only a pair of legs could be seen.
Even though Luo Zheng had never been here before, he knew that the statue erected there should have been a statue of Chiyou with three heads and six arms. Now that it had been destroyed, he could only sigh.
But Luo Zheng's greatest interest was the giant ruler in front of the temple of the Lie Shan Tribe.
The giant ruler was beautifully carved, and its appearance was not much different from his Infinite Ruler.
"What is the origin of the ruler in front of the temple?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Shennong Ruler," Ling Shuang answered casually. This was common knowledge, but Luo Zheng had come from outside the mother world, so Ling Shuang was used to his ignorance.
"The Shennong Ruler … I wonder what connection it has with the Infinite Ruler," Luo Zheng muttered to himself. But on second thought, since the Shennong Ruler had been carved into a statue and worshipped by the Lie Shan Tribe, it must have an extraordinary origin. He was probably overthinking things.
When the two reached the gate of the Heavenly Palace, two people stopped them. "If you are a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, we need to verify your identity!"
Ling Shuang raised her arm, and the square-shaped Sumeru Ring in her hand flashed.
One of them stepped aside and said politely, "You may enter." Then he said to Luo Zheng, "You also need to be verified."

Chapter 2804
A gift from the Heavenly Palace
At this time Ling Shuang suddenly remembered, and then smiled, "I helped you advance too quickly, I forgot, since you have entered the Heart Sword Sect, you need to receive the soul mark of the Heavenly Palace."
"How do I get it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Doesn't the Heart Sword Sect have beautiful servant girls to serve you? You can get it from them, I'll wait for you here, "Ling Shuang said with a smile, but when she mentioned the servant girls, her voice became a little strange.
"Okay," Luo Zheng said, and was about to leave the other side.
"Wait," Ling Shuang suddenly stopped him, and then said in a playful tone, "I forgot to ask, were you happy in the Heart Sword Sect?"
"Of course I was happy — —"
After Luo Zheng answered, he understood what Ling Shuang meant.
There were only three major sword sects on Greater One Mountain, and the cultivation method of the Heart Sword Sect was the most unique. Ling Shuang had probably heard of it, and the meaning of her words could not be more clear.
But Ling Shuang naturally did not know that there were not only two servant girls serving in the independent courtyard, but also Luo Zheng's female family members.
Luo Zheng laughed dryly, and the sun soul disappeared, leaving Ling Shuang standing there, gritting her teeth and glaring.
Back in the courtyard, Luo Zheng ordered Xiaoyin to get the soul mark.
Xiao Yin was extremely efficient in her work. Within an hour, she had come back and forth. Then, she handed over a small dark green token to Luo Zheng.
"The method of using the soul mark is similar to that of the other side key. The required syllables are all engraved on the token," Xiaoyin taught Luo Zheng how to use it.
After Xiaoyin left, Luo Zheng used the method of using the other side key to recite the syllables on the small token. Like the other side key, several lines appeared on his palm.
But these lines were not as complicated as the other side key.
When Luo Zheng returned to the Heavenly Palace Temple again, there were more lines on his palm, which was the unique soul mark of the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
After the two people in front of the temple verified the lines, they naturally let him pass.
Ling Shuang waited patiently at the door. After Luo Zheng entered the temple, she didn't ask about the maid, which made Luo Zheng feel relieved.
There were quite a few people in the Divine Temple, and the vast majority of them had Yang souls that contained the incisive and eternal true meaning of sword fate. Sensing these auras, Luo Zheng had the illusion that he was in the Heavenly Palace.
Under Ling Shuang's lead, the two of them entered the door on the left side of the temple.
Inside the door was a wall made of bronze. In the middle of the bronze wall, there was a relief sculpture of a bronze longsword.
Before Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng went in, there were already several Heavenly Palace disciples inside.
One of the Heavenly Palace disciples stretched out his hand and patted the bronze longsword carving. The surface of the bronze longsword began to brew with a rich soul aura. Then, rice-sized white dots of light began to drip down from the tip of the green-red longsword.
"Soul Crystal!"
When Luo Zheng saw the small white dots of light, he quickly made a judgment.
When they were in the Sky Sunflower Temple, Ling Shuang had told Luo Zheng that soul crystals were very rare. After all, this thing was different from soul pills. Soul crystals could directly increase the power of the Yang soul!
But wasn't the amount of soul crystals in front of them too little? It was only the size of a grain of rice …
Even so, the Heavenly Palace disciple seemed very happy. He carefully absorbed the small white dots of light into his Yang soul and then retreated to the side in satisfaction.
Next, several Heavenly Palace disciples also patted their hands on the bronze longsword. They could also obtain soul crystals, and each Heavenly Palace disciple obtained a different amount of soul crystals.
Some people's soul crystals were like the tip of a needle. If one didn't look carefully, it was almost impossible to notice. Some people's soul crystals were slightly more.
"You can obtain soul crystals in the temple. This is according to the evaluation of the Heavenly Palace disciples. If it's Tai Yiwei, it's according to their merits. The difference is very big," Ling Shuang explained.
"How many did you get?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang only smiled and didn't answer.
However, after Ling Shuang returned from the Fourth Heaven to the First Heaven, her soul aura had indeed become much stronger. It seemed that she had obtained a lot of soul crystals.
After waiting for a while, it was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
The people from before didn't leave. They also wanted to see how many soul crystals Luo Zheng could obtain.
As Luo Zheng reached out and patted the bronze longsword lightly, the sword flashed. A wisp of white light swept down the blade and gathered at the tip of the sword.
As the soul crystals gathered, they formed a white dot of light. The white dot of light continued to expand and finally became the size of a fist!
The Heavenly Palace disciples who stayed behind to watch were so shocked that their eyeballs almost fell out when they saw the fist-sized soul crystals.
"So many soul crystals?"
"Is this cheating? Such a rare thing. How can he obtain so many at once? "
"Who … is this person?"
The amount of soul crystals Luo Zheng received was dozens of times more than the average person.
"It seems that the Heart Flow Sword Sect values you very much." Ling Shuang was also a little surprised when she saw the fist-sized soul crystals.
She had begged her grandmother to obtain the soul mark. With her grandmother's status, the Heavenly Palace would give her the maximum amount of resources.
Even so, the amount of soul crystals she received from the temple was about the same as Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng also knew the reason.
His performance in the Heart Flow Pagoda was enough to make the Heart Flow Sword Sect value him. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to obtain so many soul crystals.
However, the soul crystals Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang absorbed in the Sky Sunflower Temple were the size of watermelons. In the face of this fist-sized soul crystal, Luo Zheng's heart was naturally calm.
Under the envious gazes of the Heavenly Palace disciples, Luo Zheng absorbed the soul crystal.
Ling Shuang took Luo Zheng out of the door and brought him to the next room.
There was a Sun Soul stationed in this room, but this Sun Soul wasn't in the form of a human. Instead, it was a huge mutated beast. This mutated beast's Sun Soul exuded a rich True Meaning of Void Disillusionment.
"That's a Void Beast. Go, it will help you forge a Sumeru Ring." Ling Shuang pushed Luo Zheng.
Not all mutated races were enemies of the Human Race. Some mutated races were few in number but had some unique talents. They would also choose to be protected by some big clans. This Void Beast was one of them.
When Luo Zheng approached the Void Beast, he heard a strange voice. "Extend your finger."
As Luo Zheng extended his hand, the Void Beast lowered its head. Two sharp tentacles extended from the top of its head and surrounded Luo Zheng's middle finger.
After a while, a bright frame appeared on Luo Zheng's fingertip.
This frame was exactly the same as Ling Shuang's. It was a Sumeru Ring used in the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng had used the Sumeru Ring for many years, so he quickly became familiar with how to use it.
After leaving the room, Ling Shuang transferred the soul pills obtained from the Sky Sunflower Temple, as well as the metal flower branch, into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
"No wonder so many people want to join the Heavenly Palace. There are so many benefits after entering the Fourth Layer," Luo Zheng sighed as he looked at the frame on his fingertip.

Chapter 2805
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Token of Choice
Hearing Ling Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was slightly startled. What was so important …
But after thinking for a while, he understood and asked, "Are you talking about the Nirvana Token?"
"Correct," Ling Shuang answered.
"The Heavenly Palace distributes Nirvana Tokens?" Luo Zheng asked again. He thought that all the Nirvana Tokens were obtained by exploring the temple with their own abilities.
"If you can explore the temple and obtain some unique Nirvana Tokens, it would be good. But the Heavenly Palace will naturally nurture people and help the disciples search for them," Ling Shuang said.
For example, joining some big sects would also give out some treasures and weapons. But these treasures that were given for free were only ordinary items.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's anticipation lessened. After all, the Nirvana Tokens that all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace could obtain would not be too powerful.
Ling Shuang guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts and added, "These Nirvana Tokens were collected by the strong people of the Heavenly Palace from various places. Not only are there Nirvana Tokens of the Fourth Heaven, there are also Nirvana Tokens of the higher levels. But whether you can bear the Nirvana Tokens depends on yourself."
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
As the two talked, they had already entered the inner layer of the temple.
A wide door was tightly shut. There were more than 30 people waiting in front of the door. Looking at the way these Sun Souls were sitting, they should have been waiting for a long time.
Ling Shuang walked in front of them and asked, "When will the Yin Sect open?"
One of them opened his eyes and answered, "It should be today."
"Okay," Ling Shuang pulled Luo Zheng and retreated to the wall to wait.
Most of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace would not explore the temples after entering the Nirvana Realm. After all, the temples were full of danger. If they were not careful, they would die in there. Also, the Nirvana Tokens that they obtained with great difficulty could not be compared to the ones distributed by the Heavenly Palace.
These disciples of the Heavenly Palace would always concentrate on cultivating and strengthening their Sun Souls. They would quickly climb to the Dark Embryo Heaven and receive the Nirvana Tokens here.
Of course, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace here referred to the disciples on the mountain, or Tai Yiwei.
As for the residents of Dragon City, they naturally didn't have such luck. Therefore, the two options for the residents of Dragon City were to go up the mountain or join Tai Yiwei.
As the two of them waited, more and more Sun Souls gathered near the Secret Order. In the end, there were seven to eight hundred people!
"There aren't many people in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Why are there so many people here to receive the Paramita Token?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"The Heavenly Palace has more than one Greater One Mountain. Besides, the Heart Flow Sword Sect is much smaller than the other two," Ling Shuang replied.
Although the Heart Flow Sword Sect was known as one of the three great sword sects of the Greater One Mountain, it was indeed a relatively unpopular sword sect. Many people were not suitable for cultivation, and most people chose the Murderous Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect.
Everyone waited there for more than an hour before the Hidden Door gently shook.
"Rumble …" The door opened from both sides.
Everyone rose to their feet and entered through the secret door.
The inside of the Yin Sect was a very spacious area. In the middle of the area, there were two huge copper rings, as if something was hidden underground.
Then, from another door, three Sun Souls slowly walked out.
"The Sun Souls of these people are so powerful …" Luo Zheng stared at the three of them, his eyes narrowing slightly.
Ever since he entered the temple, he had seen the Sun Souls of many disciples of the Heavenly Palace. The aura emitted by their Sun Souls was inferior to his and Ling Shuang's.
But the Sun Souls of the three people in front of him were so powerful that they had jumped to a whole new level!
Most of the Sun Souls were grayish-brown. Although their appearances could not be seen clearly, the general outline and clothes could be seen. But the surface of the Sun Souls of these three people showed a faint purple light.
Two of the three quickly walked to the side of the copper rings. Their arms changed shape, turning into soft ropes that wrapped around the copper rings.
As the two of them pulled, the cover on the ground opened to both sides. Below the room was a bottomless pit.
The person in front of the three clapped his hands.
Then, from this bottomless pit, a huge copper pillar rose up.
There was a huge tray inlaid on this pillar. Circles were drawn on the tray, like ripples in a pool.
"There are a total of thirteen circles?" Luo Zheng counted the trays and said.
"Yes." Ling Shuang nodded. "Each circle represents a Heavenly Layer. There are a total of thirteen Heavenly Layers."
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. "Thirteen Heavenly Layers! Doesn't that mean that the tray has the Nirvana token of the Thirteen Heavens? "
"You're making a fuss over nothing!"
"The premise is that you have the ability to fuse it! If you don't even have Ten Fan Domain, those excellent Nirvana tokens can only stare! "
"What's the difference between the Thirteen Heavens of the Nirvana Realm and the First Heavens of the Nirvana Realm? Haha …"
When the people waiting at the side heard Luo Zheng's words, they immediately sneered.
What these people said was right, but also wrong.
For example, the Mind's Eye that Luo Zheng had fused with was far stronger than the other Nirvana tokens of the First Heavens. Or it could be said that the Mind's Eye did not belong to the Nirvana tokens of the First Heavens.
But overall, the higher the level of the token of the Nirvana Realm, the more powerful the Nirvana power it contained!
Ling Shuang patiently explained to Luo Zheng, "The Nirvana Thirty-Three Heavens are divided into three realms. The first realm is called the 'Desire Realm'. The Desire Realm includes the Thirteen Heavens. If you cross the Thirteen Heavens, you will transcend to the 'Color Realm'. At that time, you won't be able to return to the Desire Realm. Therefore, the highest level of the Nirvana tokens collected here is the Thirteen Heavens."
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded. He really knew too little about the Nirvana Realm.
One of the three Yang Souls gently waved his hand. The hidden compartment at the bottom of the outermost circle of the tray was constantly flipping, and at the same time, the Nirvana tokens were flipped over on the tray!
These Nirvana tokens were very strange. Some of them were like sheep's horns, some of them were like some kind of delicious fruit, and there was even a bunch of messy hair.
However, the outermost circle of the Nirvana tokens were taken from the First Heavens. The Nirvana power contained in them was not strong. Luo Zheng judged that they were around two or three Shen Jun's strength. The strongest Nirvana token did not exceed five Shen Jun's strength.
"Since the people here have already reached the Fourth Heavens, why do they still need the Nirvana tokens of the First Heavens?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Because the strength of the Nirvana token doesn't necessarily depend on the amount of Nirvana power," Ling Shuang shrugged, "Some special Nirvana tokens have unique abilities. They can often produce unexpected results, especially for someone like Luo Zheng who has cultivated several kinds of True Meaning of Dao. You have to choose the Nirvana token calmly."

Chapter 2806
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Four Categories
Luo Zheng deeply agreed with what Ling Shuang had said.
Purely pursuing the power of Shenjun was important, but the ability of the Nirvana Token was even more important.
For example, the power of Shenjun of the Mind's Eye might not be considered powerful, and the Nirvana Power it contained was only tens of Shenjun. However, the two abilities of the Mind's Eye were extremely useful.
After all the hidden compartments on the tray were turned over, all the Nirvana Tokens were presented in front of everyone.
Everyone's gaze was fixed on those Nirvana Realm tokens as they chose the one that they liked. If they liked it, they would naturally go straight to their target.
One of the purple Yang souls walked towards the tray and said slowly, "Most of you have already stepped into the Nirvana Realm for quite some time. You should be familiar with the Nirvana Tokens, right?"
"Of course I do. I've already changed six Nirvana Tokens …"
"I've been in the Third Heaven for more than ten years!"
"But the Nirvana Tokens I've integrated in the past are incomparable to these."
Those people talked at once. They felt that they already knew the Nirvana Tokens very well.
"If that's the case, then there's no need for me to give you a routine lesson?" The purple Yang soul on the tray said with a smile. He was also happy to be free from these troubles.
"There's no need!"
"Those who can enter the Fourth Heaven already know the Nirvana Realm well enough!"
"…"
They answered confidently.
This time, Luo Zheng was depressed. These guys had stayed in the Nirvana Realm for a long time. Perhaps there was really no need for them to teach, but Luo Zheng was still considered a newcomer in the Nirvana Realm!
"Why don't you introduce them?" Ling Shuang suddenly raised her hand and said.
"Don't you find it troublesome?"
"What do you want to know? I'll tell you after you pick the Nirvana Tokens. How about that?"
"These two are especially ignorant. I noticed them just now. I don't know which mountain they're from!"
These disciples of the Heavenly Palace had already locked onto the Nirvana Tokens they liked. They were afraid that someone else would beat them to it. They were so anxious that they didn't want to waste any time.
"Why don't you say it?" Ling Shuang repeated again, her tone became indisputable.
But this time, as she spoke, the Soul Oracle Necklace on her chest began to glow.
She wasn't intending to use the power of the Soul Oracle Necklace to oppress these people, but a lit Soul Oracle Necklace was a symbol of status in the Celestial Palace.
When the three purple Yang souls saw the Soul Oracle Necklace, their expressions changed drastically. Even the aura of the Yang souls fluctuated violently.
There was no lack of knowledgeable people in the Secret Sect who recognized the origin of the Soul Oracle Necklace. Naturally, these people fell silent. Even though they couldn't see Ling Shuang's appearance, they knew that this woman had an extraordinary status in the Heavenly Palace.
However, there was still a portion of the crowd who didn't understand the situation. They didn't recognize the Soul Oracle Necklace, so they continued chattering noisily by the side.
"Shut up! Anyone who makes any more noise will be chased out of the Secret Sect immediately! "The purple Yang soul on the tray scolded coldly.
As a result, those noisy voices also disappeared. Now everyone understood what was going on. This woman was probably an existence that they could not afford to provoke.
Then, the purple Yang soul on the tray bowed towards Ling Shuang, then faced Ling Shuang and said meticulously, "There are many Yang souls in the Paramita Realm, and their types are also extremely complicated. However, after countless years of research, our predecessors finally divided the Paramita Tokens into four major types!"
As it spoke, the purple Yang soul picked up a rectangular piece of stone by its feet. "This is a Surging Stone excavated from the Fourth Heaven. It's a rare Paramita Token in the Fourth Heaven. The Paramita Power it contains reaches 50 godly jun, almost comparable to most of the Paramita Tokens in the Fifth Heaven. This is the most typical strengthening-type Paramita Token!"
"Strengthening type …" Luo Zheng listened attentively.
At the side, Ling Shuang added, "Strengthening type is the most mainstream type of Paramita Token, but it doesn't have any additional abilities. Many people, in order to pursue greater strength, also use it as their main token."
The purple Yang soul walked two steps on the tray, then picked up a vine and a leaf. "The Leaf of Recovery, a Paramita Token in the Eighth Heaven. The Paramita Power it contains is only 6 godly jun, which is pitifully weak. After fusing with the Leaf of Recovery, even if one suffers irreversible injuries, it can quickly heal and recover, even if one's soul and inner world are the same!"
"Heal the soul and inner world?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
After cultivating to the level of a True God, the threat of injuries to one's physical body was no longer great. However, the inner world and Yang soul in one's Dantian were already weak. Once these two places were injured, it would be extremely troublesome to repair them. Who would have thought that this Paramita Token actually had such an ability?
"This is a support-type Paramita Token. The Paramita Power it contains isn't strong, but its effects are extremely useful." As Ling Shuang spoke, she said to the purple Yang soul, "Continue introducing the next type. There's no need to introduce that Spring Rain Vine, its effects are similar to that of the Leaf of Recovery."
"Alright." The purple Yang soul agreed to Ling Shuang's request.
As for the other few hundred people, they all raised their eyebrows …
It turned out that this woman knew everything herself. She completely wanted the man beside her to understand!
These people were depressed, but in their hearts, they also lamented Luo Zheng's good luck. How could a guy who didn't know anything have such good luck?
As for the Paramita's ignorance, Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed.
After entering Dragon City, Luo Zheng needed to strengthen himself in all aspects. He cultivated almost non-stop, unlike these people who soaked in the Paramita Realm for ten years.
As the purple Yang soul walked to the middle of the tray, it picked up a small, nimble sword in its hand. Then, it said, "The third type of Paramita Token is the descending type. As the name suggests, this type of Paramita Token can be directly used to defend against the enemy. It can be seen as a Paramita Token, and also as a Natal Treasure!"
Luo Zheng had seen the descending type of Paramita Token several times.
For example, the Xuanyun Cauldron in the center of chaos and the colorful ring that Ming Wei took out. These Paramita Tokens could be thrown out to defend against the enemy.
"What about the last type?" Someone in the crowd couldn't help but ask.
Strengthening type, support-type, and descending type. These three types of Paramita Tokens were common knowledge, but many people didn't know that there was a fourth type.
"Mystic-type." The purple Yang soul replied, "This type of Paramita Token is the rarest and most often has extremely special abilities. It can't be classified into any type. Some Paramita Tokens can even grow on their own!"
"Grow?" Luo Zheng thought of the corpse of the Sky Weaver Spider in the Sky Sunflower Temple. "Ling Shuang, if a living Sky Weaver Spider is integrated into the Paramita Realm, wouldn't that Sky Weaver Spider be able to grow as well? Then this is … "

Chapter 2807
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Di Fan Pan
With Ling Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was thinking about which category the Mind's Eye should belong to.
Up until now, Luo Zheng had not seen the possibility of the Mind's Eye growing.
However, the Fearful Eye Demons were still a super large clan that existed in the past. In the entire clan, only nineteen Mind's Eyes were born.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, someone asked, "Then, is there a Mystery Branch Nirvana Token today?"
The purple Yang soul's words also attracted the interest of some people.
The purple Yang soul shook his head and said, "A Mystery Branch Nirvana Token is extremely difficult to find in the Color Realm. There used to be one, but it doesn't exist in the temple now."
"Even if there is one, it's not something an ordinary person can fuse with. A Mystery Branch Nirvana Token? At the very least, you need to have Hundred Fan Domain! "Another purple Yang soul standing outside the tray said.
Most of the people in the Fourth Heaven had only opened Ten Fan Domain. Some of the slightly stronger Nirvana Tokens could not bear it and could not unleash its true power.
"However, it's not impossible for everyone to see a Mystery Branch Nirvana Token." The person on the tray smiled and said, "Brother Tuoniu, don't you already have one?"
The most silent of the three purple Yang souls nodded, "Everyone in the temple is family. I'll make an exception."
As he spoke, he raised his hand and a faint light flickered from his soul. An exquisite fish scale emerged from the top of his head.
"The Mirror Fish Scale was obtained from the Twelfth Heaven Illusory Mirror Lake. It can double my power," the person introduced.
Hearing this introduction, the atmosphere in the Yin Sect instantly became lively. Everyone's gaze was locked onto the fish scale. They almost could not hold back the envy and greed in their hearts.
A single fish scale was capable of doubling one's strength, and such a Paramita Token was indeed inconceivable to many people.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was very calm.
He had already seen a similar Nirvana Token.
When Luo Zheng was being chased by Phoenix in the Guanshan Prefecture, he was forced to use two Hermit's supernatural powers. One of them, "Depletion Force", was similar to this.
The Hermit's supernatural power that created the "Withering Force" increased Luo Zheng's strength by five times, making him far stronger than this person.
Then, how many times could the Chief of the Jiuli Tribe, who had the Holy Pulse Withered Wood, increase his strength? Twenty times? Or even fifty times?
"Alright, the introductions are almost complete." The purple Yang soul on the tray walked towards Ling Shuang. "You can choose your Paramita Token now."
"Where are my friends?" Ling Shuang asked.
"Of course he can as well," the purple sun soul replied politely.
Since these three people had already guessed Ling Shuang's identity, how could they still dare to be negligent?
Although they were all disciples of the Heavenly Palace and everyone was equal, there were always some people in the Heavenly Palace who had privileges over others.
Just as Ling Shuang was about to let Luo Zheng go first, the other hundreds of people suddenly objected.
"It's not in the order of first come, first served?"
"Why? Based on this woman's status? "
"I'm the first one here. Even the temple has a record!"
Although these people were also wary of Ling Shuang's identity, with so many people protesting together, they were no longer afraid of her.
"All of you shut up! Otherwise, all of you get out! "The purple sun soul scolded coldly.
Ling Shuang waved her hand. "Forget it, we can wait a little longer. In any case, our goal is the Paramita Tokens in the innermost layer."
The Paramita Tokens in the tray also had requirements for the bearers themselves. Even if they wanted to take the Paramita Tokens in the center, they had to see if they were qualified enough!
Since Ling Shuang had said so, the purple sun soul did not insist. He retreated to the side and said, "In that case, everyone is free to choose your own Paramita Token according to the order of first come, first served."
Then, the Heavenly Palace disciple at the front of the line walked towards the tray.
The moment he stepped on the tray, the entire tray trembled slightly. Then, the tray began to flicker with green light.
Starting from the outermost layer, circles of green light shone and spread towards the inner layer.
One circle, two circles, three circles, four circles, five circles …
There were a total of five circles that lit up, and in the sixth circle, there was a small amount of green light that enveloped the three Paramita Tokens.
Luo Zheng looked at the green light and asked, "What does the green light on the tray mean?"
"This tray is called the Brahma Tray. It is also an item of great origin. It can sense the strength of the Brahma Domain in one's body. The green light represents the limit of the Brahma Domain he can bear," Ling Shuang said.
That person walked towards the sixth circle and chose one of the three Paramita Tokens that were flickering with green light. Then, he retreated.
When he left the Brahma Tray, the green light completely disappeared.
Then, the second person, the third person …
When they stepped on the Brahma Tray, most of the flickering circles had five to six circles. Therefore, they could receive the fifth layer of Yuantian and the sixth layer of Seven Planets of Heaven.
This was also a treatment that only the disciples of the super forces could receive. If it was someone from the other small forces, they naturally would not have such an opportunity.
As the sun souls stepped on the Brahma Tray and continuously took away the Paramita Tokens on it, the number of Paramita Tokens in the fourth, fifth, and sixth circles of the Brahma Tray also decreased.
From time to time, laments could be heard from the crowd. That was because the Paramita Token that they had their eyes on had been taken away by someone else. They could only look for another one.
Those who were further behind could only choose the Paramita Token in the third circle. After all, some Paramita Tokens with special abilities were not bad.
However, there were some people in the crowd whose Brahma Domain was very powerful. When they stepped on the Brahma Tray, there were eight or even nine circles that flickered with green light. These people could naturally choose the more powerful Paramita Tokens.
Not long after, it was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
Those who did and did not obtain the Paramita Tokens all paid attention to Luo Zheng. Most of them were also suspicious of Luo Zheng in their hearts.
"This kid's soul is unusually strong. I'm afraid the world in his body is ordinary!"
"Hmph, how powerful can a guy who relies on women be?"
"I hope he can only light up two circles, hehe …"
Just as Luo Zheng lightly leaped and stepped on the Brahma Tray.
Circles of green light began to gather. One circle, two circles … nine circles, ten circles …
All the way until the center of the thirteen circles turned green. This meant that he could choose all the Paramita Tokens in the Brahma Tray.
When the surrounding people saw this scene, they were slightly stunned. Not only them, even the three purple sun souls were quite surprised.
If it was Ling Shuang herself, they would probably be used to it. The owner of the soul necklace was the granddaughter of the person from Taiyi Mountain. If she could not bear the Paramita Tokens in the Color Realm's thirteen heavens, it would be abnormal.

Chapter 2808
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Totem of the Mighty God
Luo Zheng was not surprised by this result.
When he merged with the Mind's Eye, he already knew the requirements of the Nirvana token.
There were not many people in the Qianfan Territory who had it in the mother world. His inner world was extremely stable. He should be able to take all the Nirvana tokens in the Thirteen Levels of Heaven.
Not to mention the Thirteen Levels of Heaven, even the higher levels would not be a problem. However, he already understood that the Sun Soul could cross between the Thirteen Levels of Heaven, but it could not cross realms. Therefore, the Nirvana tokens from the other realms could not appear in the temple.
Seeing that the Brahma Plate was completely lit up, Ling Shuang was finally relieved. She also did not know what was going on in Luo Zheng's inner world.
At this moment, she followed Luo Zheng onto the Brahma Plate.
When one person stepped onto the Brahma Plate, the second person was not allowed to go up. However, the purple Sun Soul did not stop Ling Shuang.
Luo Zheng passed through these green halos and walked towards the center of the Brahma Plate.
The Thirteenth Circle was the innermost layer of the Brahma Plate. Naturally, it was also the smallest circle. The three Nirvana tokens here came from the Thirteen Levels of Heaven.
A black stone, a golden wine cup, and a small totem.
Ling Shuang looked at the three Nirvana tokens beside Luo Zheng and asked, "Can you introduce these three Nirvana tokens?"
Of course, the others did not receive this treatment. They all relied on their own judgment and could only explore by themselves after merging with the tokens.
In response to Ling Shuang's request, the purple Sun Soul immediately replied, "This black stone is called the Serene Fog Stone. It was obtained from the Black Fog Forest in the Thirteen Levels of Heaven. It contains about 300 Jun of Power of Convenience. It can be refined into a thousand layers of poisonous miasma. This poisonous miasma can overlook both the soul and the inner world. It can be considered an extremely useful auxiliary token."
300 Jun of Power. Compared to the lower levels of the Nirvana tokens, it was already extremely terrifying. However, in the Thirteen Levels of Heaven, it was actually ordinary.
Luo Zheng immediately asked, "Can the Eternal Sword Essence be merged with this stone?"
"The Nirvana tokens that we collected for the temple can all be merged with the Eternal Sword Essence," the purple Sun Soul replied proudly.
He then said, "This golden wine cup is the Nirvana token of Arrival. It contains 100 Jun of Power of Nirvana."
"Wine Cup … Arrival?" Luo Zheng looked at the Golden Wine Cup.
"After it descends, it can produce an extremely delicious wine. This wine can intoxicate everyone," the purple Sun Soul said with a smile.
"…"
Hearing this ability, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang, Ling Translation, and Ling Ling Shuang Soul Hearing it words.
"There are all kinds of strange Paramita Tokens. Some races in the past had different cultures, so it's normal for such Paramita Tokens to appear. The Paramita Token that our Heavenly Palace's God of Cookery fused with can produce unique spices. However, I've only heard of it, so I don't have the qualifications to taste it. Hehe."
The Translation.................................................. is.....
Not everyone in this world pursued power blindly.
"The last totem was obtained from the Ancient Teng Temple. It's called the Totem of the Mighty God. From the name, you can tell that it's a strengthening-type Nirvana token. It has no other abilities. The Power of Nirvana it contains is 1200 Jun of Power, far surpassing the other Nirvana tokens in the Thirteenth Heaven," the purple Sun Soul introduced.
"One thousand two hundred Shen Jun!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
When he was chased by the Hive Demonesses in Jade Cloud City, the Hive Demonesses' full power attack was only 1000 Jun of Power!
Although the strengthening-type Nirvana token had no other abilities, the Power of Nirvana it contained far surpassed the other types!
The purple Sun Soul saw that Luo Zheng was moved. He continued, "I don't recommend you to choose this Nirvana token."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
If Luo Zheng had merged with this Nirvana token in Jade Cloud City, coupled with the Power of Exhaustion, his Power of Nirvana would have increased by five times. Wouldn't his power reach a terrifying 6000 Jun?
Such strength could easily tear apart Phoenix's Disillusionment Projection!
"It is possible for you to bear this keepsake. But a strength exceeding 1,000 Divine Jun isn't something ordinary people could bear. Unless you accept the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, only then could you unleash the power of this totem." The violet Yang Soul answered.
Even the three of them would not choose this overly powerful strengthening-type Nirvana token when they were about to cross the Color Realm in the Nirvana Realm. Once the power of this Nirvana token was unleashed, their inner world and fleshy body would crumble before they could use it.
"Chaotic Origin Reconstruction?" This was the first time Luo Zheng heard of this.
"The first bottleneck of the Nirvana Realm is also the first bottleneck of the fleshy body and inner world." Ling Shuang added by the side, "It can also be called the Chaotic Origin Realm."
After entering the Nirvana Realm, the bottleneck of crossing the Nirvana Realm was not high.
If Luo Zheng absorbed enough soul crystals, he would be able to reach the 4th layer of heaven. In fact, with his current ability, it wouldn't be difficult for him to reach the 6th or 7th layer of heaven. He might even reach the 8th or 9th layer of heaven.
But after reaching the Thirteenth Heaven, it was hard for him to cross the Color Realm.
And the limit of the fleshy body was shockingly similar to the Nirvana Realm.
The strongest Nirvana token of the Thirteenth Heaven was only about 1,000 Divine Jun. For the fleshy body and inner world to bear this power, the cultivator had to undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction.
If the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction was completed, and the Sun Soul crossed the Color Realm, only then would the cultivator reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
"If one has not reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, one is not qualified to choose this Mighty God Totem? Doesn't that mean no one can choose this Nirvana Token in the Color Realm? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"It is still possible for some other races with extremely strong fleshy bodies to fuse with it. Even in our Sky Palace, there are a few people with outstanding talents. Their fleshy bodies are innately much stronger than ordinary people. They can unleash 80% to 90% of its power." The purple Sun Soul said. He had subconsciously excluded Luo Zheng.
Even if there was someone who could fuse with the Mighty God Totem, it was not someone like Luo Zheng who had just entered the Fourth Heaven.
"Let's have a look at the other Nirvana Tokens." Ling Shuang added by the side.
There were six Nirvana Tokens in the Twelve Heavens. There was bound to be one that was suitable.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng had already made his decision. He said, "I choose the Mighty God Totem."
Currently, Luo Zheng had the Mind Eye. Furthermore, the Mind Eye was supported by the One Thought Good and Evil Divine Dao. By relying on his Dao Technique Nature and Eternal Sword Luck, he could still fuse with two Nirvana Tokens.
One of them was the strengthening-type. It could greatly increase his strength!

Chapter 2809
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Threat
Hearing Luo Zheng's affirmative tone, Ling Shuang and the purple Yang soul were slightly stunned.
"The strengthening-type can indeed give you great power, but power is not everything," Ling Shuang advised.
"I know," Luo Zheng nodded.
"Then you still want to choose the Nirvana token?" The purple Yang soul asked again.
In reality, the purple Yang soul did not care about the Nirvana token Luo Zheng chose. He only wanted to express his goodwill to Ling Shuang.
"I'm sure."
As he spoke, Luo Zheng picked up the Totem of the God of Power from the Brahma Plate.
Ling Shuang had a general understanding of Luo Zheng's personality. Once he decided on something, it was meaningless for others to persuade him. Only he could make the decision. Furthermore, the strengthening-type was not weak as a mainstream choice.
"You're done choosing. It's my turn," Ling Shuang smiled and lowered her head to search for the Nirvana token on the Brahma Plate.
In reality, Ling Shuang had already taken a fancy to one of the Nirvana tokens. It was the "Twin Flowers" on the right side of the twelfth circle. The power of the Nirvana Realm contained 150 Jun of power. However, the "Twin Flowers" belonged to the support-type of Nirvana token. It had a special ability to duplicate one's original body!
The "Taiyi Sword Technique" that she cultivated was already extremely powerful. Furthermore, there was a move in the "Taiyi Sword Technique" that required the cooperation of a person. If the person cooperated with the person and their minds were connected, the power would be even greater. The Twin Flowers was naturally an excellent choice.
"I want this," Ling Shuang reached out and plucked the flower.
She did not pass the test of the Brahma Plate. However, since Ling Shuang dared to take the Nirvana token on the twelfth level, she was naturally confident that she could bear it. The purple Yang soul did not say anything.
Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng obtained their respective Nirvana tokens. The next step was to integrate them into their souls and bear them in their bodies. At this moment, two people suddenly walked in from outside the Yin Sect.
One of them was originally waiting in the Yin Sect with the rest. When Ling Shuang showed the soul necklace, he only took a few glances and left quietly.
The Yang soul of the person behind him was faintly glowing purple. This clearly told everyone that his soul cultivation was enough to reach the Thirteenth Heaven.
Just as Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng were about to leave, these two people to stop them..
"Sister Shuang! You've finally reached the fourth layer of heaven! "The purple sun soul said.
When Ling Shuang heard this voice, her brows furrowed slightly. She didn't say anything, but her Sun Soul exuded a feeling of disgust.
"Since you've already reached the Fourth Layer of Heaven, you should come to Mount Taihao to inform your elder brother. I've found an extremely powerful Nirvana token in Mount Xueming. It's very suitable for you!" The purple Yang Soul said again.
"There's no need for that," Ling Shuang said coldly. "I can't afford to owe Mount Taihao a favor!"
The purple Yang soul chuckled. "How can a mere Paramita token from the Color Realm count as a favor? They're all gifts from me to Sister Shuang. "
"Haha, hasn't your Taihao Mountain always threatened my grandmother with the favor you owed her? Humph! "Ling Shuang left with Luo Zheng after saying that.
The purple Yang Soul finally noticed Luo Zheng's existence and stretched out its hand to block him. With a "hua" sound, a wave of soul pressure was released.
When fighting in the Nirvana Realm, they all relied on the soul to fight.
This person's purple Yang Soul was already at the peak of the Color Realm and was far stronger than Luo Zheng. When this pressure erupted, Luo Zheng was suddenly shocked. Although his reaction was extremely fast, the pressure was too strong and directly pressed Luo Zheng against the wall of the divine temple.
"Who are you! How dare you hold my Sister Shuang's hand! " This purple Yang Soul exuded a ruthless aura. This aura surged within the Yin Sect and the others also felt the pressure.
Luo Zheng's Sun Soul was pressed tightly against the wall and was almost unable to move.
Although he had absorbed two Spirit Crystals in the Nirvana Realm, with his current soul cultivation, he could barely enter the sixth layer of heaven.
Facing this person from the thirteenth layer of heaven, he was definitely unable to resist.
Even so, Luo Zheng still circulated his soul power and tried to struggle out of this pressure.
"Xu Youwei! Stop it! "Ling Shuang saw Luo Zheng being pressed against the wall and was also abnormally agitated.
Xu Youwei laughed and said, "Sister Shuang, this kind of person is not worth mentioning. Is he worth you pleading for him? Just kill him. "
When the three purple Yang Souls in the Yin Sect heard this, their expressions changed slightly.
They already knew the identity of the person who was acting presumptuously in the Yin Sect. It was the young master of the Taihao Mountain, Xu Youwei. This person's background was not inferior to Ling Shuang's and they could not afford to offend him.
However, to kill someone in the Yin Sect without saying a word was too much. After all, those who entered the divine temple were all disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
When Luo Zheng heard that this person wanted to kill him, his expression suddenly turned cold.
Those people in Dragon City did indeed want to kill people at the slightest provocation. However, ever since he entered the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he got along well with the others. He did not expect to meet such a person anywhere.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a careless voice in the depths of his mind. "Do you need my help?"
The person who spoke was 9527.
Although its soul power was not strong, as a split soul of a Primal Chaos Ancient God, its understanding of souls was much stronger than the average person. It was naturally unrealistic for 9527 to fight against an existence like Qiu Yinhe, but it was not difficult to deal with a mere Yang Soul in the Color Realm.
Luo Zheng did not speak. After all, there were too many people here. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he naturally did not want to reveal his trump card, 9527.
However, the soul pressure was like an invisible hand that exerted itself on Luo Zheng's Yang Soul. Its power was getting stronger and stronger!
"I told you to stop. Otherwise, I will kill you!"
Ling Shuang's resolute and cold voice rang out. The soul necklace on her chest suddenly exploded with a powerful soul pressure.
A small soul sword once again appeared above Ling Shuang's head.
This was not the first time Luo Zheng had seen this small soul sword, but it had never been so solid. The entire surface of the small soul sword was suffused with a purple light that flowed in all directions.
Xu Youwei felt the pressure of this small soul sword and his expression changed slightly. He did not doubt that Ling Shuang's sword would kill him.
The three purple Yang Souls in charge saw that the situation was getting out of hand and rushed over.
"We are all members of the Celestial Palace. Why do we have to fight over such a small matter?"
"Young Master Youwei, I think we should just forget about it …"
"How about we both take a step back …"
In fact, when Xu Youwei saw Ling Shuang's ruthlessness, he was already regretting it. He did not expect Ling Shuang to be so protective of this kid who came out of nowhere.
Under the persuasion of these three people, Xu Youwei found a way out. He smiled faintly and said, "That's true. I don't need to bother with this guy."
Then he withdrew the pressure he had released back into his body.

Chapter 2810
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Attempt!
Xu Youwei and the others' expressions changed when they saw the soul sword heading straight for them.
If the young master was really killed by Ling Shuang, it would be a big deal.
"You, you … dare!" Xu Youwei could not dodge in time and could only shout.
When the soul sword was half a foot away from Xu Youwei, it suddenly stopped. Then, with a flash, it turned into a soul aura and returned to Ling Shuang's necklace.
Ling Shuang said coldly, "Next time, I'll dare."
After she had said her piece, she left with Luo Zheng, leaving behind the astonished crowd in the Secret Order.
Xu Youwei stood where he was. Although the others could not see his expression, they could roughly imagine it. Moreover, the aura of his Yang Soul contained anger and hatred.
The others were afraid that the furious Xu Youwei would implicate them, so they did not dare to persuade him.
After a while, Xu Youwei asked, "Which mountain is the kid beside Ling Shuang from?"
"I don't know. I only heard her call him Luo Zheng," the person behind Xu Youwei replied.
"Luo Zheng? Go and investigate. No matter which mountain he is from, I will dig him out! "Xu Youwei said hatefully.
There were special rooms in the Heavenly Palace Temple for cultivating the Yang Soul.
If one wanted to strengthen their soul, they either had to fuse with a rare soul crystal or continuously train their soul. The latter was obviously much more difficult.
However, things like soul crystals were extremely rare in the Nirvana Realm.
Even the Temple had very little in reserve. There were no more than 50 people in the Heavenly Palace who had obtained a fist-sized soul crystal like Luo Zheng.
Along the way, Ling Shuang was still angry. However, when they reached the room, Ling Shuang said, "I'm sorry for dragging you into this trouble."
Luo Zheng was very calm. "It was just a false alarm. This person seems to have some connections with the Taiyi Mountain?"
"Yes." Ling Shuang nodded.
Back then, Ling Shuang's grandmother had almost died in a battle and was saved by the Taihao Mountain Lord. She owed the Taihao Mountain Lord a huge favor.
Many years later, this favor was discovered.
The Lord of Taihao Mountain had suddenly brought his son to propose marriage.
This involved some secrets of the upper echelons of the Heavenly Palace. Granny Lingshuang naturally knew what the other party was up to, so she rejected him outright. The Lord of Mount Taihao then brought up the favor that he owed her in the past, and a dispute arose because of this.
Although these disputes had been quelled, this matter was still unresolved. This was also why Ling Shuang had overreacted when she met Xu Youwei.
After listening to Ling Shuang's brief explanation, Luo Zheng also shook his head slightly and said, "The way the people of Taihao Mountain do things is too realistic. Even if it is a life-saving grace, that is a separate matter. They can only talk about your marriage as one?"
"That's why I can't be bothered with this person." When Ling Shuang thought of Xu Youwei, a feeling of disgust spread in her heart.
"Alright, it's fine if you don't care. Shuang-er, don't take it to heart. Let's fuse with the Nirvana Token first," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Okay." When Ling Shuang heard Luo Zheng address her this way, her mood became better for no reason. She chose a room and stepped into it.
Luo Zheng stood at the door of the room and narrowed his eyes slightly.
He had experienced much more than Ling Shuang. He could roughly understand the mentality of this kind of person. He was afraid that this matter would not be resolved so easily.
Moreover, this Xu Youwei was different from Mo Yijian.
Mo Yijian was just a teenager. He was arrogant and belligerent, but he knew his limits. He and Mo Yijian would eventually fight, but that would be a battle of reputation.
This Xu Youwei wanted to kill him on their first meeting. The situation was naturally different.
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng revealed a bitter smile.
Ever since he entered the Mother World, he had kept a low profile and did not make things difficult for others. However, unknowingly, he would always provoke these people. He was really helpless.
However, it was useless to think too much. What was to come would come. After experiencing so much, he had already learned to face it calmly.
Therefore, he entered his room and took out the Mighty God Totem. His Sun Soul had already released the true meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate and absorbed the Mighty God Totem into his soul.
Then, he left the Paramita Realm and placed the Mighty God Totem in his Inner World.
After his first experience, Luo Zheng was more familiar with carrying the Paramita Realm token.
Last time, Luo Zheng had accidentally triggered a panic in the world within his body. This time, he was much more careful in carrying it. After all, the Mind's Eye was not an enhanced Nirvana Realm Token. Its Nirvana Power was not particularly strong.
The Mighty God Totem contained such terrifying Paramita Power. When it was absorbed into the Inner World, it could probably crush the entire continent into powder!
Following a tremor in the Thousand Fan Domain, lines of Sanskrit lit up again.
Giant chains extended from the Sanskrit characters and swept toward the Mighty God Totem.
"This time, a total of 140 lines of Sanskrit have lit up … Just based on the difficulty of carrying it, the Mighty God Totem is more difficult than the Mind's Eye," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After the Mighty God Totem was carried, the chains disappeared.
At the same time, masses of information flowed into Luo Zheng's mind …
Divine Power …
Faith Power Giants …
Only power could destroy everything.
He saw another unique race.
From beginning to end, the Faith Power Giant Clan had always believed in great power.
They believed that power could solve everything. They and the Eye Demon Clan believed in the Path of Destiny.
This powerful race even ruled over everything in the Chaos. They wanted to use power to end everything, but they failed in the end.
"Why does such a powerful race no longer exist?" Luo Zheng deciphered the information, but he was confused.
The Eye Demon Clan was slightly stronger than the current human race, and the Faith Power Giants were much stronger than the human race. However, these races only left behind temples in the Paramita Realm. Why did they disappear in the Mother World and even the Chaos?
Luo Zheng had seen some ancient books in the Heavenly Palace, but he could not find any traces of their existence. It was unbelievable.
Luo Zheng could not find an answer from the information given by the Mighty God Totem.
After dispersing the incarnation in his body, Luo Zheng opened his eyes.
Sitting upright in the room, he stretched out his arm and activated the Mighty God Totem.
The purple sun soul and Ling Shuang had reservations about his choice of the Mighty God Totem. They were afraid that he could not bear such great power.
Luo Zheng naturally wanted to see if he could bear it.
As he activated the Mighty God Totem, a terrifying power emerged from the Mighty God Totem …
"100 Jun of Godly Power!"
After this power was concentrated in Luo Zheng's arm, the surrounding space faintly caved in.
Luo Zheng could easily bear the power of 100 Jun of Godly Power.
"200 Jun of Godly Power!"
Luo Zheng simply doubled it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng faintly felt that his bones were under great pressure. It was as if thousands of mountains were pressing down on his arm. His muscles became extremely stiff, and the blood vessels on his arm were as hard as steel.
"400 Jun of Godly Power!" Luo Zheng doubled it again.

Chapter 2811
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Giving Me the Honor
Feeling the power of this power, Luo Zheng was a little stunned.
"What a powerful force …"
With Luo Zheng's physical strength, there were very few forces that he could not handle.
The Fusion of Dao energy was one of them, and the Paramita force he obtained from the Totem of the Mighty God was another.
Thump, thump, thump …
"Husband, what's wrong?"
Xi Youqin's voice came from outside the door.
Luo Zheng was in seclusion, and ordinary people were not allowed to enter. However, with such a big commotion, the people outside naturally noticed.
"It's just a small accident," Luo Zheng replied.
"Oh, you have to be careful …"
Xi Youqin could not understand what technique Luo Zheng was cultivating, the power he obtained, and whether he would go berserk. She only left after reminding him.
Luo Zheng gently raised his hand, and a green light gathered on his arm. The injury on his arm immediately healed.
"Four hundred Godly Jun is my limit?"
Luo Zheng muttered to himself as he stretched his arm again.
Patches of black markings continued to expand on his arm, and soon, his entire arm became pure black.
The Sealing Stone Solution could greatly strengthen his physical body, but Luo Zheng could not confirm the limit.
"Four hundred Godly Jun!"
This time, Luo Zheng directly drew out four hundred Godly Jun of power.
With the support of this terrifying force, his arm was still as strong as before.
"Five hundred Godly Jun!"
A heavy pressure came from his arm, but he could bear it.
"Six hundred Godly Jun!"
"Seven hundred Godly Jun!"
Just as Luo Zheng drew out 700 Godly Jun's worth of power, a crisp "Ka" sound came from his arm.
His arm bone was broken …
Luo Zheng dispersed the force and frowned.
There was no doubt that the Sealing Stone could greatly strengthen the body, but there were too few of them.
The physical body included organs, skin, muscles, and bones. The Sealing Stone could only protect a limited part. It would be great if he could get a few more Sealing Stones. If he could absorb six or seven Sealing Stones, the strength of his physical body would increase in all aspects.
However, when did the Sealing Stone Hourglass appear? Under normal circumstances, it was impossible to collect and find it. This kind of opportunity was probably not easy to find.
Luo Zheng tested it a few more times before removing the barrier and leaving his room.
In the courtyard, the other women were nowhere to be seen.
Heart Sword Sect did not restrict people from going out. While Luo Zheng was in the courtyard, Mu Ning, Han Liusu, Xun, and Xi Youqin seemed to be talking with Xiao Xin.
Xi Youqin, she had no interest in the She, but she, she had nowhere to translation, she was Translation She She was Luo She Translation Translation She She Was Was She Translation Translation translation?
"Husband, you've come out of seclusion!" Seeing Luo Zheng come down from the second floor, her listless look immediately disappeared.
Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "What are you talking about?"
Mu Ning pursed her lips and said, "Luo Zheng … I want to go to Dragon City."
"Me too," Xun Yi said.
"Me too," Han Liusu smiled gently.
Compared to Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin who neglected their cultivation, the three of them never stopped. After coming to the mother world, Luo Zheng had stabilized. They naturally wanted to see what he was like.
"I heard that the Murdering Sword Sect on First Sky Mountain seems to be similar to my Divine Dao of Massacre. If I can cross the sea of True Intent, I want to join the Murdering Sword Sect," Mu Ning said seriously.
Over the past few days, they had gained a thorough understanding of the situation through Xiao Yin and Xiao Xin.
"The three of you go to Dragon City …"
Under the starlight of Dragon City, they could indeed achieve twice the result with half the effort. Moreover, there was a guarantee of Sword Comprehension Liquid, so they naturally had the ability to enter Dragon City.
But in terms of talent, whether it was Han Liusu or Mu Ning, they were all at the top of the Divine Realm. Even in the mother world, they would be outstanding. Xun was also not bad. It was indeed a waste to keep her in his inner world.
"Can't we?" Mu Ning looked at Luo Zheng with wide eyes.
Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head, "It's not that we can't, but although Dragon City is part of the Heavenly Palace, it is actually a place where people are free. The competition there is fierce and there are many dangers …"
In the end, he was worried about their safety.
They naturally understood, so they had a full understanding. After a few words from Han Liusu and Mu Ning, Luo Zheng was finally persuaded.
Although Dragon City was dangerous, they were no longer fledglings. Moreover, they had Yin Yuehuan to take care of them. Luo Zheng would naturally satisfy their request.
"But …" Luo Zheng looked at Xun Yi.
"I can change to the sword," Xun said, shrugging her tall shoulders.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin again. Xi Youqin pouted and immediately shook her head, "I'm not going anywhere. I'll accompany my husband!"
In fact, with Xi Youqin's talent, it would be very suitable for her to enter the Unique Array Sword Sect, but she had no intention to cultivate.
However, according to the rules of Dragon City, it was not so easy for the three women to directly enter.
Even with the help of Sword Comprehension Liquid, they still had to cultivate the Eternal Sword Intent from the beginning. If it were an ordinary person, it would probably take a lot of time. Sword Comprehension Liquid could greatly increase one's compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent in a short time, but the duration was too short. No matter how rich one was, they could not afford it.
Luo Zheng could provide a large amount of Sword Comprehension Liquid, at least allowing them to recite a part of the True Dao in a short time.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the three women's compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent was not bad. Their cultivation progress was not slow either. After continuously swallowing Sword Comprehension Liquid, they had a certain foundation in half a month.
Then he personally took the three women down the mountain, climbed over the sword wall, and personally handed them to Yin Yuehuan.
When Yin Yuehuan saw them, her eyes were wide open. It was obvious that she wanted to say something, but she choked back her words.
After a small gathering with the disciples of the academy in Dragon City, Luo Zheng went up the mountain again.
As soon as he returned to his courtyard, he met an unfamiliar guest. It was Li Can, who had moved into the independent courtyard with him. Last time, Li Can had also passed the seventh floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda and obtained the qualification of an independent courtyard.
"Brother Luo Zheng," Li Can said respectfully with cupped hands.
Since Luo Zheng broke into the tenth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda, his name had spread like wildfire in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Interestingly, all the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, whether it was the elites with independent courtyards or the ordinary disciples, had a slight decline in their performance during this period.
It was said that it was because of Luo Zheng's influence.
After all, the specialty of the Heart Flow Sword Sect was to cultivate the mind. Luo Zheng's performance that day had shocked them too much. Their state of mind was affected, which would always affect their performance.
"Brother Li Can, what's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Today, the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect are gathering. They sent me to invite you. Would you like to join us?" Li Can said.
After entering the independent courtyard, there was naturally a new small circle. The 20 people in this area were the future hope of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, so they would naturally interact with each other.

Chapter 2812
Senior Brothers
Following the path behind the Heart Flow Pagoda, a huge hanging bell could be seen not far away.
The bell from the Heart Flow Sword Sect was ringing from this hanging bell.
If they walked a little further, they would be at the end of the cliff.
There were no clouds today, and looking out from the cliff, one could almost see the scenery in the distance.
On one side of the cliff, there was a wide and exquisite terrace.
After Li Can led Luo Zheng to the terrace, he saw that there were more than twenty people gathered on the terrace.
These people were all relaxed, but the occasional look in their eyes contained a sharp light.
"Senior Brothers, I've brought Brother Luo Zheng here." Li Can cupped his hands towards the crowd.
When Luo Zheng was in the Heart Flow Pagoda, the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were not present. The only one who saw him was Mo Yijian, so these people naturally did not know Luo Zheng.
"It's an honor to meet you!"
"Junior Brother Luo, please sit here!"
"… …"
Everyone hurriedly got up and invited Luo Zheng to a seat of honor after exchanging greetings.
Seeing this scene, Li Can shook his head.
This group of Senior Brothers treated him and Luo Zheng as if they were heaven and earth.
This circle was the core circle of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Ninety percent of the Heart Flow Sword Sect's resources were poured into them.
When Li Can first joined this circle, he was completely treated like a little brother, but Luo Zheng's treatment was very different!
Of course, Li Can was not jealous of Luo Zheng. He had no right to be jealous.
After all, according to them, Luo Zheng's performance had already surpassed Mo Yijian, and Mo Yijian was the core of the core of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. He was completely trained as the number one person.
After Luo Zheng was seated, these people introduced themselves one by one.
Most of these elite disciples were people with backgrounds. Almost half of them came from the high-level disciples of the various mountains of the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. Almost none of them were from a humble family.
This was also normal. If one wanted to enter Dragon City, not only did they have to climb over the Sword Wall, but it was also said that there were several checkpoints before that. After entering Dragon City, it was also extremely difficult to climb up the mountain. Most people could only try to enter Tai Yiwei.
Even after ascending the mountain, it was difficult to obtain an independent courtyard and become an elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
With these layers of obstacles, even if the children of ordinary families had outstanding talent, they would not be able to reach this stage.
After some introductions and small talk, they became familiar with each other.
Gao Qizheng, who was wearing a green hat, said, "I heard that Junior Brother Luo has just entered the Nirvana Realm. It seems that you have made great progress in such a short time?"
Luo Zheng had already entered the Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. On one hand, he had fused with the Totem of the Mighty God. On the other hand, he had obtained quite a number of Soul Crystals from the temple. Naturally, his aura had increased by quite a bit.
"A few days ago, I wandered around on the other side and entered the Heavenly Palace and Temple," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"So fast?"
"Junior Brother Luo, you must have had a great opportunity, right?"
"Otherwise, the 4th Heavenly Layer would not be so easy to cross. Back then, I spent a lot of effort to enter the 4th Heavenly Layer!"
Those people also said with a face full of surprise.
"Senior Brothers, you are too modest," Luo Zheng waved his hand lightly.
Most of these elites were born in famous families. It was indeed not easy to cross the 4th Heavenly Layer in a short time. However, if they had enough Soul Crystals, it was not impossible.
Chu Mo, who was sitting beside Luo Zheng, also said, "It is indeed not difficult for you and me to climb up the 13 Heavenly Layers of the Color Realm. However, if you want to cross the Color Realm, it is a hurdle."
"Indeed. Nowadays, Soul Crystals are rare and expensive. It is also extremely difficult to cross the Color Realm," Gao Qizheng also said in agreement.
"How expensive is Soul Crystal?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly as he asked.
This Soul Crystal could directly increase the level of the Yang Soul. Luo Zheng was also very rare. In the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng did not ask about the price of this item. Ling Shuang also did not mention it.
If he could buy it with Divine Crystals, Luo Zheng would naturally consider it. He would even use Chiyou's inheritance.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, everyone immediately laughed.
Seeing everyone's helpless smiles, Luo Zheng felt a little strange. He asked, "What are you laughing about?"
"As long as you have enough Soul Crystals, anyone can cross the 13 Heavenly Layers of the Color Realm and go straight to the Desire Realm. The level of the soul will also increase crazily. This kind of thing can be said to be a panacea. Brother Luo Zheng, have you thought about who would sell it?" Gao Qizheng asked.
In fact, when Luo Zheng asked such a question, everyone present felt rather strange. This Junior Brother, who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought and reach the 10th Heavenly Layer on his first try, didn't have any common sense?
"Brother Gao, you're exaggerating. Although it's rare for people to sell this item, there are still quite a few who are willing to barter for it. Besides, the Rat Alliance once auctioned off a soul crystal. A soul crystal the size of a finger was sold for sixty million divine crystals." Chu Mo gestured with his finger.
"A Soul Crystal the size of a finger is sold for 60 million Divine Crystals?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Yes, the key is that all the super forces will keep this item to cultivate their own people. Even if you spend Divine Crystals, you can't buy it." Chu Mo glanced at Luo Zheng again and asked with a smile, "How many Soul Crystals did Junior Brother Luo get as a reward in the Divine Temple?"
Those who entered the Divine Temple for the first time could receive a small number of Soul Crystals from the Heavenly Palace.
However, even the disciples who went up the mountain received a pitiful amount of Soul Crystals. Luo Zheng had seen it that day.
"I only got one Soul Crystal …"
"I got one and a half Soul Crystals …"
"I heard Mo Yijian say that he got three Soul Crystals," someone said in a low voice.
Then, everyone looked at Luo Zheng, waiting for his answer.
These elites were quite valued by the Heavenly Palace. Even so, they only got one Soul Crystal on average …
Luo Zheng touched his head and said, "I got a Soul Crystal the size of a fist in the Divine Temple …"
Saying this, he gestured with his fist.
Everyone on the balcony suddenly fell silent. After a few breaths, they stared at Luo Zheng as if they had just discovered a monster.
Soul Crystals were so rare that the Divine Temple's reserves were probably only the size of a few fists. Luo Zheng got a Soul Crystal each?
Especially Gao Qizheng, who stared at Luo Zheng and said, "They said that Junior Brother Luo was born in the grass. I don't believe it …"
If it weren't for the fact that he didn't dare to be disrespectful to Donghuang as a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, he would have suspected that Luo Zheng was Donghuang's illegitimate son.
Seeing their reaction, Luo Zheng thought to himself. No wonder Lingshuang said that the Heart Flow Sword Sect was good to him. However, it seemed that the reason he could get so many Soul Crystals was not because of his performance, but because of Qiu Yinhe's secret efforts.
Qiu Yinhe rarely showed himself, but he had done so much without leaving a trace. Luo Zheng was touched.

Chapter 2813
Seven Mountains Small Meeting
Since the soul crystal was so precious, the price to obtain it would be very high.
Luo Zheng didn't express his opinion, but asked, "What kind of opportunity is it?"
Gao Qizheng smiled, "It's the Seven Mountains Small Meeting."
"Seven Mountains Small Meeting?"
"Yes," Gao Qizheng said, "The Seven Mountains Small Meeting is held every three years. The young elites of the three major sword sects of the Greater One Mountain, Greater One Mountain, Greater Hao Mountain, Greater Bright Mountain, Greater Green Mountain, Greater Xiu Mountain, Greater Yue Mountain, and Greater Gold Mountain will all gather."
After the establishment of the Heavenly Palace, there was the famous "Seven Mountains Small Meeting", which was also the foundation of the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
Following the prosperity of the Heavenly Palace, the elite disciples of the Seven Mountains also imitated their ancestors and held a Seven Mountains Small Meeting. Originally, it was only for the most outstanding geniuses of the Heavenly Palace to communicate.
Later, the content of the "Seven Mountains Small Meeting" became more and more rich, and in the end, it became a place for these outstanding geniuses to exchange pointers.
Even the higher-ups of the Heavenly Palace paid more and more attention to it. Every time the "Seven Mountains Small Meeting" was held, they would give a lot of support and rewards.
The Heavenly Palace also treated the Seven Mountains Small Meeting as an opportunity to distribute resources. After all, such a method of exchange could also encourage the elites of the various mountains to work hard.
These senior brothers said so much just to invite him to participate?
"Senior brothers have already reached the Eighth and Ninth Heavens of the Nirvana Realm, and their strength is higher than mine. If I participate in this Seven Mountains Small Meeting, I'm afraid I won't be of much use, right?" Luo Zheng voiced his doubts.
Although Luo Zheng didn't look down on him, there was no lack of powerful people among these elites.
"Brother Luo Zheng, there's something you don't know. The Seven Mountains Party isn't a pure competition of strength, but a meticulously designed game. If you want to win, the most crucial point is still the grasp of the True Meaning of the Dao," Gao Qizheng continued.
"Grasp the true meaning of the Dao?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
Gao Qizheng nodded, "Junior brother Luo is a genius who comprehended the Dao with a thought. If he participates in the Seven Mountains Small Meeting, he will naturally have the advantage! At that time, senior brothers will also benefit from it. "
"Even so, isn't Mo Yijian more suitable than me?" Luo Zheng asked.
In all fairness, Luo Zheng wasn't very interested in the Seven Mountains Party.
"Mo Yijian …" Gao Qizheng revealed a bitter smile. "He did participate once, but not long ago, he chose to go into seclusion and wander in the Nirvana Realm. I'm afraid he felt threatened by you, Junior Brother?"
Before Luo Zheng came to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Mo Yijian had always considered himself the number one. Although his cultivation was far inferior to others, no one doubted his position.
However, Luo Zheng's performance in the Heart Flow Pagoda proved everything. Moreover, Mo Yijian and Luo Zheng originally had conflicts. Perhaps he really felt the pressure and was eager to grow.
When these elites saw Luo Zheng's lack of interest, they began to feel a little anxious. Chu Mo hurriedly said, "Quite a few people have arrived at the Seven Mountains Party. If Brother Luo Zheng participates, we can win the contest at the Seven Mountains Party. Each of us will be able to obtain a soul crystal. When the time comes, everyone will share half of it with Junior Brother Luo. This will allow Junior Brother Luo's Yang soul realm to increase greatly …
"Apart from that, we can also win the Nirvana Realm treasure!" Gao Qizheng added.
Although they said a lot, Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face.
"Moreover, I heard that Lord He Chi will take out one of his first-rate Nirvana Realm treasures as a reward for the most outstanding person! That sword was forged by Family Su. It's called the Luan Sword. It's said that it was forged by Feng Shi, who was born in the Center God Province … "
Luo Zheng was thinking about how to reject their invitation. After hearing that it was a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure forged by Feng Shi, his eyes suddenly lit up.
Feng Shi!
Now that Luo Zheng had obtained a Mighty God Totem, the Nirvana Realm power he could release was 1,200 Jun. However, with his physical body, he couldn't unleash its full power at all.
Previously, he was still worried about where to find extra Feng Shi to strengthen himself.
He didn't expect that he would have the chance now!
Since this Luan Sword was refined by Feng Shi, it should be possible to refine it into Feng Shi's solution.
Of course, Luo Zheng couldn't do it, but Family Su could.
Gao Qizheng and the rest saw Luo Zheng's strange expression and were slightly delighted. "It seems that Junior Brother Luo is interested in the Luan Sword?"
They didn't know that Luo Zheng wanted to refine this first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure.
Luo Zheng didn't answer directly. He only asked, "When will the Seven Mountains Party begin?"
"Five days later," said Gao Qizheng.
"If that's the case, I'll go with you on that day." Luo Zheng cupped his hands.
Hearing Luo Zheng's agreement, these elites' faces lit up.
"If Brother Luo Zheng goes, our Heart Flow Sword Sect's chances of winning will increase greatly …"
"However, everyone needs to be prepared. Our Heart Flow Sword Sect isn't the only one who can comprehend the Dao with a single thought."
"If Mo Yijian and Junior Brother Luo go together, I'm afraid it's a done deal. What a pity …"
These people originally wanted to persuade Mo Yijian. However, after Mo Yijian chose to go into seclusion, he did not show up. In order to find Mo Yijian, Gao Qizheng even made a trip to the other side of the river. However, he found nothing.
When he returned to his courtyard, Xiaoyin had repaired the crack on the second floor.
Luo Zheng sat in his room, still thinking about the Seven Mountains Party.
"The Seven Mountains Meeting … is a meticulously designed game?"
"And this game has something to do with the True Meaning of the Dao?"
"They chose me because I can comprehend the True Meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate with a single thought …"
"That Luan Sealing Sword, I must obtain it!"
However, the Heavenly Palace couldn't be compared to the small Dao Sword Palace.
Just the Heart Flow Sword Sect alone had someone as strong as Mo Yijian. In the other mountains, there were probably some people who were no weaker than Mo Yijian.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's hands formed a seal again. With a flip of his hand, a piece of paper unfolded in front of Luo Zheng.
This paper recorded the Sanskrit deciphered on the yellow paper.
He had never practiced the two Sanskrit words Luo Nian had deciphered for him. On one hand, he had been concentrating on the Heart Flow Sword during this period of time. On the other hand, it was too difficult.
Since he was determined to get the Luan Sword, Luo Zheng had to prepare early.
His gaze fell on the paper, and he began to softly recite according to the pattern.
Similar to Luo Nian's situation, when he began to recite, he felt a sharp sword light form in his mind. This sword light soared into the sky, about to cross his soul and head for the top of his head.
Luo Zheng's Yang Soul was many times stronger than Luo Nian's soul.
His eyes suddenly flashed, and he forcibly suppressed the sharp sword light in his mind.
"This sword light seems to be born from my thoughts?"

Chapter 2814
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
A special cyclone.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng encountered a strange problem when he was studying the Heart Sword Technique.
The Heart Sword Technique was very different from other supreme sword techniques. It was a method to cultivate the mind. Moreover, there were several extremely powerful killing moves recorded in the Heart Sword Technique, but there was no specific method to cultivate them.
According to the records, it seemed that if one stayed in the Heart Flow Pagoda long enough, they would be able to comprehend the moves on their own. Therefore, Luo Zheng had not cultivated a single remarkable ability after studying it for so long.
However, the Sanskrit that Luo Zheng had just recited could transform one's mind into a sword. It was somewhat similar to the "Heart Killing Sword" in the Heart Sword Technique. Luo Zheng did not know what the connection was.
The translation written by Luo Nian was about a thousand words long.
Luo Zheng suppressed the wisp of sword light in his mind and continued to recite the words on it.
As he continued to recite, Luo Zheng clearly felt that the sword light accumulated in his mind was getting stronger and stronger.
When he recited the fiftieth word, the power contained in the sword light was so strong that Luo Zheng could not underestimate it. It was like an active volcano that could erupt at any time.
Once this sword light slashed out, the degree of destruction it would bring would probably be far greater than the one that had cut open Luo Nian's soul.
Luo Zheng frowned and had to stop. The sword light that had been accumulating slowly dispersed.
He had once comprehended the Dao of Nature and One Thought of Good and Evil. Although he was burdened with heavy pressure, he was still able to move forward step by step. Although the pressure was great, it was not fatal.
However, it was so dangerous to comprehend this Sanskrit. Had he made a mistake?
"Even a True God who does not have a good compatibility with the Sword Intent of Eternity would not face such a strong resistance when cultivating it for the first time. Could the starting point be wrong?"
"Those two Sanskrit words were originally behind the Sword Intent of Eternity. Must they be connected?"
Thinking of this, a light flashed in Luo Zheng's mind.
Therefore, he recited the Sword Intent of Eternity silently again …
Now, Luo Zheng was reciting extremely quickly without any hindrance. In about a hundred breaths, he had already recited the last word.
At the same time, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the paper and he continued to recite the content that Luo Nian had deciphered.
"Buzz …"
This time, the sword gleam in the depths of his mind did not appear.
Instead, an invisible cyclone started to rise slowly. The moment this cyclone rose, Luo Zheng had a strange feeling in his heart.
"What is this …"
Although Luo Zheng couldn't identify the cyclone, he had a rough idea of what it was.
If he chanted directly from the two Sanskrit words, it would produce a sword light that would harm him. If he chanted along with the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate, it would produce a cyclone.
However, regardless of whether it was the cyclone or the sword light, the energy contained was about the same.
However, to Luo Zheng, this cyclone had become gentle and harmless …
Luo Zheng only paused for a moment before continuing to chant. As he continued to chant, the cyclone began to expand, and the pressure of the past once again descended.
After about a hundred words, Luo Zheng could no longer continue reading. Even with the strength of his current Yang Soul, he was still unable to bear the pressure brought about by the cyclone.
Feeling the cyclone in his mind, Luo Zheng's eyes showed excitement.
"It seems that the last two Sanskrit words are indeed the continuation of the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate!"
Whether it was cultivating the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate or the True Meaning of Nature, no special energy had been born. These True Meanings were essentially the way to use and understand energy, which was different from the Dao of Shinto.
Now that a new cyclone had been born, it naturally had a new meaning.
But how should this cyclone be used?
Luo Zheng repeatedly tried to get it out of his mind or transfer it to the long sword, but to no avail.
"Perhaps this cyclone is too weak and has not yet fully formed …"
In the next five days, Luo Zheng either tried to break through the limit of "a hundred words" or tried to use the cyclone. However, both were unsuccessful. But every time he tried, he could always feel the changes in the cyclone.
This change was not within Luo Zheng's control. He faintly felt that this cyclone was like a living thing. When the cyclone was dispersed, it even turned into countless tiny invisible things and began to wander around!
And each time, the path it took was generally similar, but Luo Zheng could not say why the cyclone was wandering like this.
Five days later, Li Can appeared in his courtyard again. Today was the day of the Seven Mountains Meeting.
Luo Zheng prepared and walked out of the courtyard with Li Can.
"Where is the Seven Mountains Meeting?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Brother Luo Zheng, please follow me," Li Can said with a smile.
Following these independent courtyards, they did not walk far to the right. Gao Qizheng and more than 20 people were waiting in front of an empty field.
An extremely exquisite flying boat was lying in the center of the field.
Luo Zheng had seen many flying boats, but this was the only one that was unusually luxurious. The outer layer of the flying boat was inlaid with a smooth carapace. The railings of the flying boat were wrapped in delicate leather and inlaid with golden threads.
These elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were talented and came from wealthy families.
"Brother Luo Zheng is here, this way please," Gao Qizheng said with a smile, making a gesture of invitation.
After everyone had boarded the flying boat, the flying boat trembled slightly, and then sped away at an extremely fast speed. Just as it was in mid-air, a beehive-shaped boundary suddenly appeared in the sky.
This was the boundary of Greater One Mountain.
Not any flying boat could enter and leave Greater One Mountain at will. The consequence of forcibly breaking in was that the flying boat would be smashed to pieces.
When they crossed the boundary, the other two airships also sped out from Greater One Mountain, sandwiching the airship that Luo Zheng was on, moving side by side.
At the same time, the young men on the two flying boats were whistling.
"This year's fighting spirit is good! Gao Qizheng! "
"I don't seem to see Mo Yijian, is he too timid to participate?"
"If he doesn't come, your Heart Flow Sword Sect might as well give up!"
The people on the two flying boats unscrupulously jeered.
Hearing these words of ridicule.
The faces of the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were not very good. Gao Qizheng controlled the flying boat to sink, and immediately broke away from the encirclement of the two flying boats.
Even without the introduction, Luo Zheng could guess that these people belonged to the Ultimate Formation Sword Sect and the Murdering Sword Sect.
"Senior brother Gao, since these people all belong to Greater One Mountain, why are they so hostile to the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Luo Zheng asked.
Gao Qizheng's face was dark. When he heard Luo Zheng's question, he smiled helplessly, "Greater One Mountain is the main peak of the Sky Palace. The three major sword sects also fight for themselves. This is the result of balance. Otherwise, if the three major sword sects join forces, the other peaks would not be a match for them. Therefore, our Three Sword Sects also compete with each other."
In fact, Gao Qizheng did not tell the real reason.
The Heart Flow Sword Sect was in fact the weakest of the three major sword sects. There was even news that the Heart Flow Sword Sect had been eliminated for a period of time.
The Murdering Sword Sect and the Ultimate Formation Sword Sect had always disdained the Heart Flow Sword Sect. It was the appearance of Mo Yijian that saved the face of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.

Chapter 2815
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Feng Ge
The center of the Middle Divine Province was surrounded by mountains. After reaching Mount Taihao, the height of the mountains decreased, forming a row of narrow and dangerous peaks.
Looking down from a great height, it looked like a giant dragon. The Dragon City was located at the side of Mount Taiyi, like a finishing touch. This was also the origin of the Dragon City.
"Senior Gao, since the spirit crystals of the super forces are in short supply, why did the Seven Mountains Trial give so many rewards, even a first-rate Nirvana Treasure?" Luo Zheng asked.
After all, the Seven Mountains Trial was held once every three years. Even if the Heavenly Palace was rich, such rewards were quite extravagant.
Gao Qizheng smiled slightly, but said, "Because there's not enough time."
"Not enough time again …"
This was not the first time Luo Zheng heard this.
"Junior Luo, how do you feel about the situation in the world?" Gao Qizheng asked.
"Good and peaceful," Luo Zheng answered.
Although there were six prefectures under the rule of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, other than the Mountain View Prefecture, the other prefectures were not a threat at all. Luo Zheng saw on the way to the Mountain View Prefecture also proved this point.
"Indeed, not only our Heavenly Palace, but also the few major foreign races that were fighting fiercely in the mother world have calmed down. It can be said that the last hundred years have been the least chaotic in the mother world," Gao Qizheng agreed.
"But this situation seems peaceful, but it's turbulent inside. Between the super forces, for some reason, an ingenious balance has been formed, but this balance is very fragile. Once it's out of balance, the entire mother world will be plunged into war. Of course, the Heavenly Palace can't stay out of it," Gao Qizheng answered.
After all, Gao Qizheng was a descendant of a famous family. The higher he stood, the farther he could see.
"So in the last ten Seven Mountains Trial, the rewards have been gradually increasing. It's also to stimulate us to work harder to become stronger," Gao Qizheng said.
"I understand, Senior Gao," Luo Zheng nodded.
Although Gao Qizheng did not say it clearly, Luo Zheng also knew that these disputes were probably because of the different paths chosen.
Just as Qiu Yinhe said, the degree of chaos in the world was close to the critical point, and before the critical point arrived, everything must be seen.
After the flying boat flew past Mount Taihao, they could see many large cities stretching across the mountain stream.
"Translation"
"Translation" Translation
In comparison, the two flying boats of the Absolute Formation Sword Sect and the Murdering Sword Sect seemed to be a little excessive. They whistled in front and behind, flipping upside down in the air and circling around. From time to time, they would let out a burst of excited screams, disturbing the other flying boats to dodge.
But the flying ships of these big cities mostly belonged to some caravans and small families. Facing the two flying ships from Greater One Mountain,
Even if he was angry, he did not dare to say anything.
"These guys are getting more and more vicious," Chu Mo shook his head.
"They have been suppressed by the Sword Sect for too long, especially the guys from the Murdering Sword Sect, they are all crazy," another person said with a smile.
These people could understand the Murdering Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect.
In terms of cultivation, the Heart Sword Sect was probably the most leisurely and at the same time the most emphasized talent. Whether it was the Murdering Sword Sect or the Formation Sword Sect, both were very strict with their disciples, especially the Murdering Sword Sect.
Half an hour later, the flying boat finally slowed down in front of a mountain. The mountain seemed to have been shaved off, and the top of the mountain was covered with various kinds of buildings.
The flying boat stopped in front of a wide building, and Luo Zheng followed the crowd down the flying boat.
The inside of the building was already a scene of singing and dancing. On a high platform in the distance, a row of women in pink were dancing and singing.
More than half of the disciples from the other mountains had come. Each of them had a separate seat, and there were maids beside them pouring tea and wine.
Perhaps because they had been cultivating for a long time, most of them enjoyed it very much.
Gao Qizheng led a group of people in and immediately attracted everyone's attention.
"The Heart Sword Sect is here."
"Eh? Where's that arrogant little guy from last time? "
"He seems to have disappeared?"
In the last Seven Mountains Party, Mo Yijian had led the Heart Sword Sect to the top, and the Heart Sword Sect, which had not been famous, had taken advantage of them. The sword sects from the other mountains were naturally unhappy, and naturally paid extra attention this time.
"Brother Gao! Where's Mo Yijian? "At a table not far away, a big man asked with a smile.
This big man was called Qi Cong, and he was the leader of the younger generation of Mount Tai Qing.
"Brother Qi," Gao Qizheng cupped his hands and said, "Junior Brother Mo is in seclusion and has no chance to participate in this Seven Mountains Party."
"So he's in seclusion?" Qi Cong laughed, "I'm afraid that kid doesn't dare to come! What a disappointment! Hahaha … "
The people around Qi Cong laughed as well.
It was good news for them that Mo Yijian could not come, but they still had to put on a show.
The elites of the Heart Sword Sect had just taken their seats when the people from the Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect also entered the hall. These two sword sects had a huge presence!
The people from the seven mountains took their seats and lined up in a fan shape, but there was still an empty seat in front of each fan.
Luo Zheng looked at the empty seats and asked curiously, "Since the elites of the seven mountains are all here, why are there still empty seats?"
Gao Qizheng replied, "Those are the seats of the direct descendants of the various mountains."
The direct descendants of the Heavenly Palace were the true descendants of the mountain masters. They did not join any sword sect, and their status was extraordinary.
"Direct descendants … Then Ling Shuang is also a direct descendant of Mount Tai Yi?" Luo Zheng muttered in his heart.
When Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were bargaining with Uncle Qing at the True Intent Sword Pavilion, they had mentioned her grandmother and the Taiyi Sword Technique. If Ling Shuang did not exaggerate, then she was a direct descendant of Mount Tai Yi. Would she come today?
At this moment, a faint chill came from the entrance.
A woman in a long dress walked in slowly. Ten people followed behind her on both sides. This woman was very beautiful, but her face was as cold as an ice mountain, as if she had never smiled in her life.
Under the chill, the ribbons on her dress danced. When this woman entered, the noisy hall immediately quieted down. They all looked at her with some respect.
Gao Qizheng turned his head slightly and whispered to Luo Zheng, "Feng Ge, the youngest daughter of Emperor Donghuang. It is said that she was brought back from the Divine Nest."

Chapter 2816
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Taihao Mountain
Hearing Gao Qizheng's words, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. "The Divine Nest doesn't belong to Jinwu? How could the Empress come back from the Divine Nest? "
"Junior Brother Luo, you don't know. Donghuang and Di Jun used to be good brothers, but they became enemies later," Gao Qizheng said, shaking his head.
Donghuang Taiyi and Di Jun used to have a very good relationship. The reason why they parted ways was because they chose different paths. In the end, they gradually drifted apart.
"Let's not talk about this at the Seven Mountains Meeting today," Gao Qizheng said. "Among the direct descendants of each mountain in the Heavenly Palace, there are two women who are called the Twin Beauties of the Heavenly Palace. One of them is Feng Ge."
"What about the other one?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's Sister Lingshuang from Taiyi Mountain. Lingshuang's temperament is the opposite of Feng Ge's. She is lively and enthusiastic, much cuter than Feng Ge's unapproachable appearance," Gao Qizheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng blinked. He was naturally very surprised to hear Gao Qizheng give Lingshuang such a high evaluation.
Feng Ge led people straight all the way. The elites of each mountain stood up and saluted.
"Your Highness Feng!"
"Greetings, Your Highness Feng!"
"…"
Feng Ge was expressionless, as if there was no one around. He did not respond to the others and sat at the head of the table.
After Feng Ge sat down, more people came in through the door. They were the direct descendants of the Tai Qing Mountain. The three young men from the Tai Qing Mountain had smiles on their faces. After greeting their acquaintances, they also sat down at the front.
Next were the direct descendants of Taixiu Mountain and Taiyue Mountain …
After they sat down, there was a series of footsteps at the door. Then someone greeted first, "Sister Lingshuang, long time no see!"
"Sister Shuang, I haven't seen you for two years. Your cultivation has improved greatly!"
"…"
Lingshuang was wearing a light pink dress today. The hemline of the dress was neither long nor short. It was just right. She was lively but gentle. She was petite but a little playful.
She was not as arrogant as Feng Ge. She treated all her friends equally. She was also very popular in the Heavenly Palace. Even those elites were all called "Sister Shuang".
If anyone dared to call Feng Ge Feng this way, they would be in trouble …
Ling Shuang waved at the crowd and walked forward with light steps.
"Lingshuang" Shuang, Lingshuang, Lingshuang, from Mountain, Sect. "Gao Qizheng's, Gao Qizheng's Was.
Lingshuang, Lingshuang, Shuang Sect.
Shuang, Shuang Studio Guang Sect, Feng was Studio Studio's'? as. a Studio Studio studio., Was Studio, Studio.
To Ang Studio Feng,, Studio Studio Studio Studio, Studio, Studio Lingshuang, Shuang,,,, her,, Shuang '., to, to Shuang Be That's!!
"Sister Lingshuang," Gao Qizheng said with a smile. He did not expect Lingshuang to walk over to him.
Lingshuang nodded at Gao Qizheng as a greeting. Then, she walked past Gao Qizheng and sat beside Luo Zheng. She smiled and said, "I knew you would attend the Seven Mountains Meeting!"
Luo Zheng's expression was normal. "I was also wondering if you would come."
"Of course I would come! The Seven Mountains Meeting is fun! And it only happens once every three years. How could I give up this opportunity? "Lingshuang said.
She was practically leaning against Luo Zheng's side. She acted naturally and intimately with Luo Zheng.
Gao Qizheng's eyes widened when he saw this. It took him a while to react. "You, you know each other …"
Gao Qizheng was not the only one who found this strange. The elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, as well as the elites from the other mountains, all looked like they could not accept this.
Although Lingshuang was approachable, she still had the demeanor of a daughter of a noble family. How could she act so intimately with others?
"Is it strange that we know each other?" Lingshuang blinked.
Gao Qizheng looked sad. He smiled bitterly and said, "Indeed … it's not strange."
This scene hurt many people's hearts …
Lingshuang did not realize this at all. Instead, she asked with concern, "Did the Paramita Token fuse successfully?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"How much power can you use …"
"…"
Just as the two of them were whispering to each other, another group of people walked in from the door.
"Young Master Youwei is here."
"This way, please!"
"…"
This group of people was the direct descendant of Taihao Mountain.
Xu Youwei, who was in the lead, was dressed in black. He looked exceptionally capable and high-spirited.
Over the past few years, the Taihao Mountain had been rapidly rising. Originally, it had been the last of the seven mountains, constantly catching up. It seemed like it was on par with the Taiyi Mountain. Xu Youwei's status among the many direct descendants had also risen.
He greeted everyone with a smile, but his eyes suddenly focused on Lingshuang. The faint smile disappeared in the blink of an eye, and it was replaced by a ghastly murderous look.
After retreating from the Paramita, Xu Youwei had sent people to investigate "Luo Zheng". However, there was very little information about Luo Zheng. Although they found out that he had entered Dragon City and went to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, there was nothing about his experience in Dragon City or the process of going up the mountain.
Logically speaking, these records should have been kept secretly in the Heavenly Palace. Obviously, someone had deliberately erased them.
Given Xu Youwei's nature, he would naturally find trouble with Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had entered the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Even if he was the direct descendant of the Mountain Master, if he really went to the Heart Flow Sword Sect to provoke them, it would be taboo.
He saw Lingshuang sitting next to a man acting intimately, and this man was sitting next to Gao Qizheng. Judging from Luo Zheng's figure and aura, he was similar to the soul in the temple.
Almost in the blink of an eye, he had determined the identity of this person. It was Luo Zheng, whom he had been looking for for a long time.
Tap, tap, tap …
Xu Youwei walked over to Lingshuang without any hesitation.
Gao Qizheng also bowed to Xu Youwei. "Young Master Youwei, what's the matter?"
"It has nothing to do with you. Get lost," Xu Youwei said coldly.
Xu Youwei's tone immediately drew everyone's gazes over.
The matter of Taihao Mountain proposing marriage to Taiyi Mountain had caused a lot of commotion for a period of time. The elders of the two mountains had even become enemies because of this. Ordinary disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not know, but these people had heard about it.
Even Feng Ge, who was looking straight ahead, turned his head. A strange light flashed in his ethereal eyes.
"Today is the day of the Seven Mountains Meeting. I don't want to see you here. Get … out!" Xu Youwei said in a cold and arrogant voice.
Lingshuang raised her eyebrows and said angrily, "Xu Youwei, you …"
"What if I don't get lost?" Luo Zheng, who was sitting in his seat, interrupted Lingshuang.
"Do you have the right to say no?" The corners of Xu Youwei's mouth curled up slightly. A sinister smile flashed in his eyes, and his aura skyrocketed.
Seeing Xu Youwei like this, everyone knew that today's matter could not be settled peacefully.
Gao Qizheng, Chu Mo, and the others were also very anxious.
Among the more than 20 elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Gao Qizheng was the strongest. Most of the others were around the eighth or ninth level of the Nirvana Realm. Chu Mo had already reached the eleventh level, and Gao Qizheng was at the thirteenth level.

Chapter 2817
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Throw him out!
Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect after all, and he was invited by Gao Qizheng.
Gao Qizheng could only bite the bullet and say, "Young Master Youwei, Junior Luo is an elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. He came to the Seven Mountains Meeting this time. Chasing him out like this is …"
"A load of nonsense!"
Xu Youwei did not listen to Gao Qizheng.
Kicking Luo Zheng out was already a light punishment. He would not let this kid off so easily.
Xu Youwei's seemingly rash action was actually a bit shrewd.
Ling Shuang was destined to find a partner. Although the Heavenly Palace was big and there were many capable people, those who were qualified to pursue her were all gathered here.
He was going to make a gesture today, not only for himself but also for Taihao Mountain.
When that time came, his father would put pressure on Taiyi Mountain, and success would come naturally.
"I gave you a decent choice to get out. Since you don't want to accept my toast, don't blame me …"
The aura that Xu Youwei had been accumulating in his body suddenly exploded. His hands were like two pincers as he went straight for Luo Zheng.
His soul had reached the top of the Thirteen Heavens of the Color Realm, and the Paramita token he had fused with was obtained from the temple. The strength of his hands was at least 200 Shen Jun!
Xu Youwei wanted to crush Luo Zheng's arms and throw him down the mountain. Although the building was not beside the mountain, this strength could easily throw him dozens of miles away.
"Young Master Youwei is really making a move!"
"That kid is in trouble …"
"A Level Four guy is not on the same level as Young Master Youwei. Why are you so stubborn? Just admit your mistake and leave. Don't be so stubborn! "
"Luo Zheng, be careful! Brother Yu, help me! "Ling Shuang shouted.
As the second largest mountain in the Heavenly Palace, Taiyi Mountain naturally had many elites. The Brother Yu that Ling Shuang mentioned was called Song Feiyu, and he was also one of the outstanding ones.
Song Feiyu and the other disciples of Taiyi Mountain had always been watching. They did not want to provoke Xu Youwei as long as he did not hurt Ling Shuang.
But now that Ling Shuang had made a request, Song Feiyu could not just stand by and watch. But it was already too late for him to stop it.
"Kaka!"
Xu Youwei's hands clamped down on Luo Zheng's arms like lightning. Xu Youwei's face immediately revealed an astonished expression.
The scene that he had anticipated did not happen.
Luo Zheng's arms did not seem to be made of flesh and blood. Instead, they were as sturdy as a Nirvana Realm Taoist Treasure.
While Xu Youwei was stunned, he saw Luo Zheng's faint smile. He didn't know what Luo Zheng's smile meant.
The others were also baffled. Xu Youwei seemed to be holding Luo Zheng's arms very enthusiastically, like two big men pulling and pulling.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's arms twisted slightly. His arms slid like fish and twisted around Xu Youwei's arms.
During this process, Xu Youwei also tried to resist, but the power that Luo Zheng erupted at this moment once again exceeded his expectations! There was no way he could block it!
Xu Youwei had a bad premonition in his heart. He warned through gritted teeth, "How dare you …"
But before he could finish his warning, he felt the world spinning around him. A powerful force was exerted on his body, and then he saw the tables, chairs, pillars, eaves, flying boat, river, and mountain peaks, all of them were being pushed away from him.
The hall was unusually quiet.
The dancing girls on the stage also stopped their performance.
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng with an incomprehensible expression.
Putting aside their status, Xu Youwei was much more powerful than Luo Zheng. But the scene just now happened in front of their eyes. The one who was thrown out was not Luo Zheng, but Xu Youwei.
"Ha …"
Feng Ge, who was sitting at the front, showed a rare smile. She did not intend to step forward to stop this fight. Instead, she looked at Luo Zheng with interest.
The others were still silent.
The moment Luo Zheng acted, they had already seen through it.
Although Luo Zheng had only entered the fourth layer of heaven, the Nirvana token that he had integrated with was most likely extraordinary. The power that erupted just now clearly far surpassed Xu Youwei's.
But the strength of a Nirvana stage expert was not only reflected in pure strength, but also the magical abilities that they cultivated, as well as the various unique and strange abilities of the Nirvana token.
Just now, Xu Youwei had underestimated Luo Zheng too much, which was why he was thrown out by Luo Zheng.
With Xu Youwei's personality, there was most likely no way to settle this peacefully today.
But the conflict between these two people had nothing to do with the majority of people. Even the Murdering Sword Sect and Absolute Formation Sword Sect of Greater One Mountain had a gloating expression.
Gao Qizheng and Chu Mo's faces were filled with worry. This little junior brother was too fierce.
But this matter really could not be blamed on Luo Zheng. Xu Youwei had gone too far!
"Chu Mo, in a moment you have to help me." Gao Qizheng seemed to have made a great decision at this moment.
Chu Mo also nodded and stood out resolutely.
At the same time, Song Feiyu also stood in front of Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng. Her highness Ling Shuang's position in Taiyi Mountain was special, so naturally he would do his best to protect her.
"Don't be afraid of that guy. Our Taiyi Mountain is not just for show." Ling Shuang comforted Luo Zheng beside her.
Luo Zheng looked at her as if she was protecting a little bird and did not know whether to laugh or cry. Then he said, "I appreciate everyone's good intentions. Since this person came for me, I will naturally deal with him myself!"
After saying this, he walked past Gao Qizheng and Song Feiyu who were blocking his way. He walked past the crowd and stood in an empty space in the hall.
"Luo Zheng …"
Ling Shuang's gaze wavered slightly. This guy was too confident in himself. But Xu Youwei was after all a direct descendant of Taihao Mountain. His talent and strength were both extremely strong. He was a strong opponent that could not be ignored.
But since Luo Zheng was so confident and did not want others to protect him, Ling Shuang did not dare to force him.
Seeing that Luo Zheng planned to face Xu Youwei alone, many people shook their heads.
"Xu Youwei was just careless just now."
"Does this kid really think he has the ability to fight Xu Youwei?"
"If Xu Youwei gets serious, this person will pay the price with his life."
Not long after Luo Zheng waited, a terrifying aura suddenly surged in from outside the building.
Xu Youwei reappeared at the entrance. His body was still covered in dust, and he looked somewhat wretched. However, the gaze in his eyes was even more sinister, and a sharp killing intent was brewing in them.
He was thrown out by a nameless person in front of so many people.
He was the direct descendant of Taihao Mountain's Mountain Lord. He had lost all face.
"Whoosh!"
With a crisp sound, Xu Youwei unsheathed his sword.

Chapter 2818
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Inside the Mountain
"That Nirvana token … seems to be the mysterious spirit of Sanjin!"
"Isn't Xu Youwei's Nirvana token the bloody hand?"
"Last year, he went to the Temple of Youyin and accidentally obtained this Nirvana Token!"
Among all the Nirvana tokens, the mysterious ones were the most special.
Many mysterious Nirvana tokens often had some incredible abilities. If used properly, they were almost unbreakable!
Looking at Xu Youwei's tri-colored sword, Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He waved his hand and the Snow Sword appeared in his hand.
Although there were 33 Levels of Heaven in the Nirvana Realm, they were generally divided into three realms.
Although Xu Youwei had entered the 13th Level of Heaven, Luo Zheng's Nirvana token was also at the 13th Level of Heaven. It was just that Luo Zheng's soul cultivation was not as high as Xu Youwei's, so he might be able to fight.
Besides, Luo Zheng had his own trump card.
Seeing that a fierce battle was about to break out between the two, no one in the hall stepped in to stop it.
Those on Xu Youwei's side hoped that Xu Youwei would kill Luo Zheng with one strike, and those on the neutral side did not want to miss this opportunity to watch the show.
Luo Zheng also firmly told Lingshuang and the people of the Heart Sword Sect that he wanted to face it alone, so they could not intervene.
"Swoosh …"
As Xu Youwei gently raised the tri-colored sword, the faint tri-colored shadow formed a strange pattern. Just as he was about to attack, a thin thread suddenly came from behind him.
The thread gently wrapped around the tri-colored sword, and the light on the sword instantly dimmed. It was a young woman with a ponytail.
Behind this young woman, there were several people following her.
"The Seven Mountains Meeting is supposed to be a festive day. It's not appropriate to fight here." The young woman gently waved her hand. Under the pull of the invisible thread, Xu Youwei's sword flew out of his hand and landed directly in her hand.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also felt that his hand was empty. The Snow Sword flew out and landed in her hand as well.
The young woman walked in front of Xu Youwei, holding the sword hilt in one hand and the sword tip in the other. She handed the sword to Xu Youwei and warned, "If you want to fight, do it after the Seven Mountains Meeting."
Then she strolled in front of Luo Zheng and handed the Snow Sword to Luo Zheng. At the same time, she stared at Luo Zheng, and then led the rest of the people on the stage.
Xu Youwei's Luo Zheng's Snow Sword Sect. Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng, without any expression, returned Xu Youwei returned Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was Translation.
Gao Qizheng and the other elite disciples of the Heart-Flow Sword Sect heaved a sigh of relief.
"Who are these people? Translation? Who? Translation? Translation
The ponytailed woman and the others were clearly much stronger than those present. Even Xu Youwei did not dare to act rashly.
Translation, Translation translation Translation translation translation, Lin Translation Translation Translation Translation translation translation translation translation Translation
"The Land of Sword Grief?" Luo Zheng blinked. The aura emitted by this woman was similar to that of the banshees in the Hive. Luo Zheng asked, "Is the Land of Sword Grief the same as the Golden Crow Clan's Hive?"
"Yes," Lin Translation nodded, "If we break through the Color Realm and reach the Desire Realm, we will be qualified to join the Land of Sword Grief."
Apart from the Hive, the Heavenguard Pavilion of the You Xiong Clan also corresponded to the Land of Sword Grief. The structure of the major clans seemed to be similar.
At this moment, the girl on the stage called "Ling Xi" said, "You must have heard about the rewards of the Seven Mountains Meeting, right?"
The disciples of the major clans didn't respond. They didn't care about the rewards. They only participated in the Seven Mountains Meeting to fight for the honor of their clans.
However, the disciples of the major sword clans were a little excited and responded.
Ling Xi nodded, "Then we'll follow the old rules. After everyone has eaten, the meeting will officially begin."
After exchanging a few short sentences, Ling Xi stepped down from the stage, and the people from the Sword of Grief also took their seats. Then, all kinds of exquisite food and wine were served on the table. The maids were like butterflies, shuttling through the hall, busying themselves. Everyone was busy socializing, chatting and reminiscing about the past, exchanging information with each other.
During this process, the smell of gunpowder in the hall gradually became stronger.
"This time, I hope your Tai Qing Mountain can perform better, hahaha …"
"Humph, our Murdering Sword Sect will win!"
"…"
In the warm atmosphere, Xu Youwei's face was still cold.
The elites of the Haotian Sword Sect on the Tai Hao Mountain toasted Xu Youwei one by one.
"Childe Youwei, don't be anxious. Mo Yijian of the Heart-Flow Sword Sect didn't come. This time, there will be plenty of opportunities!"
"I will avenge Childe Youwei!"
"Avenge? How could that be considered revenge? An ant-like thing … "You underestimate Youwei Gongzi too much."
If Luo Zheng belonged to the Tai Yi Mountain, the Tai Ming Mountain, and the people of the Tai Hao Mountain would have some misgivings, because the sword sects of the other mountains all had their own direct descendants overseeing them.
Logically speaking, Feng Ge belonged to the Greater One Mountain, but because the Greater One Mountain had three great sword sects, Feng Ge would not favor any one of them.
"I don't need you guys." Xu Youwei raised his wine cup and drank it in one gulp, "I will do it myself."
"That's great! I've long wanted to see Youwei Gongzi display his might! "
"..."
The elite disciples of the Haotian Sword Sect also began to flatter him.
After everyone finished eating, they all left the table.
Ling Xi and the others from the Land of Sword Grief led the crowd through the hall and into the revolving corridor at the back of the hall.
The corridor went all the way down, and its length far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination. Clearly, there was a huge project in the mountain.
"I heard Brother Gao say before that the Seven Mountains Party is not an arena competition, but a game that has been carefully designed. Could it be that such a huge project was built just for this game?" Luo Zheng asked.
Before Gao Qizheng could answer, Ling Shuang spoke first, "Of course not. This mountain was originally a training ground of the Heavenly Palace. It was abandoned later, so they used it."
After the upper echelons of the Heavenly Palace knew about it, they took advantage of the situation and rearranged the illusion formation, set up the rules and so on. After some modifications, it became what it was now.
After walking down for the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng left the corridor and saw a cave that was more than ten thousand feet high in front of him. In the center of the cave, there was a small mountain that was five to six thousand feet high.
This small mountain was obviously not formed naturally. Its surface glowed with a metallic luster. It was unknown what this small mountain was used for.
"Everyone, return to your positions according to the sword sects you belong to," Ling Xi ordered.
As a direct descendant of the Great Yi Mountain, Ling Shuang naturally could not go with Luo Zheng. After bidding farewell to Luo Zheng, she went to the right with Song Feiyu and the others.
At the bottom of the cave, there were more than ten boulders of similar size.

Chapter 2819
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sneak attack
Luo Zheng stood on the smooth boulder and observed for a while. There were a total of ten boulders filled with people, and each boulder had twenty people.
Tai Yi, Tai Qing, Tai Hao, and the other six mountains each occupied a huge rock.
The three major sword sects of Greater One each occupied a boulder. Feng Ge's group occupied the tenth boulder.
Among the twenty people from the Heart Sword Sect, Luo Zheng and Li Can were participating in the Seven Mountains Party for the first time.
Gao Qizheng said, "Are you two familiar with the use of the Paramita power?"
"Not bad," Li Can replied.
Luo Zheng nodded.
To be classified as elites by the Heart Sword Sect, they were extremely talented people.
"This boulder weighs a hundred Shen jun. We'll have to work together to lift it up. We'll have to rely on everyone's performance," Gao Qizheng said.
"Work together … to lift it up?" Li Can was shocked.
This was a hundred Shen jun weight!
And the surface was extremely smooth. If they dug under the boulder and lifted it up, it would not be a problem. But standing on the smooth surface …
"So we'll have to work together. First, fix yourselves firmly on the boulder, then use all your strength to fly up." Gao Qizheng thought for a while and said, "It'll be better if you've cultivated the Strength Divine Dao. That way, you'll be able to control your power more easily."
"Strength Divine Dao …" Luo Zheng blinked and asked, "What's the use of lifting this boulder up?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Gao Qizheng pointed at the metal mountain in the distance and said, "The rules are actually very simple. Do you see the top of that mountain?"
Luo Zheng and Li Can looked over. There were three small trays at the top of the metal mountain, and the three trays were of different heights.
"If you place this stone on the top tray, you'll win the first place. If you place it on the second tray, you'll be the second …" Speaking of this, Gao Qizheng smiled and said, "Three years ago, Mo Yijian had just entered the Nirvana Realm. His power was very weak, but he almost single-handedly turned the situation around and brought this stone onto the first tray!"
Luo Zheng blinked and then asked, "Then we'll just have a competition of speed by pulling this stone. The fastest one can reach the top of the mountain?"
"No." Gao Qizheng shook his head and said, "This mountain is divided into three layers. When the time comes, we have to bring this stone to the first layer and obtain a Gravity Rune. At that time, the weight of this stone will double. Then, we have to climb to the second layer and obtain a second Gravity Rune. Only then can we reach the top of the mountain."
Now, Luo Zheng understood the rules.
It was just like rowing a dragon boat. Everyone worked together to rush to the first destination, then to the second destination, and finally to the final destination. That would be considered victory.
However, during the whole process, they still had to face the attacks of others. After all, the people from other mountains would not let them reach their goal so easily.
"This is purely a competition of power. But Senior Gao said that the Sword Luck Eternal Sword Intent will decide the victory?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
After all, the reason why Gao Qizheng invited Luo Zheng to participate in the Seven Mountains Meeting was because he heard that Luo Zheng had the ability to comprehend Tao with a single thought. However, after talking for so long, this game had nothing to do with the comprehension of Tao with a single thought and the True Meaning of Tao.
Gao Qizheng smiled and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, have you heard of the Imperial Sword Seal?"
Qiu Yinhe's Imperial Sword Seal was very famous because of its wide range of uses.
However, in terms of power, Qiu Yinhe's power was not the strongest among the few God Provincial Governors. However, the power of his Nirvana Realm Token could almost raise the overall power of the Heavenly Palace by a level!
Just like the Mountain River Fortress in the Guanshan Prefecture, the reason why it was so impregnable was not only because of those extremely powerful sword formations, but also because of those Heavenly Chasm Swords.
After obtaining a Imperial Sword Seal, there were only two conditions that determined the power of the Imperial Sword Seal: the grade of the magic treasure itself, and the True Meaning of Tao of the person who released it.
Therefore, the person who released it did not need to be very powerful to produce a huge killing power.
Just like the Sword Palace's True Meaning Sword Battle, it was actually another use of the Imperial Sword Seal. However, no one in the Sword Palace was qualified to inherit the Imperial Sword Seal, so they could only use the Heavenly Chasm Swords to train.
"Of course I have," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
He himself had a Imperial Sword Seal that Qiu Yinhe had personally planted.
"There are also things similar to the Imperial Sword Seal on these rocks. If you don't want this rock to become a burden, you naturally have to use it well. This … you will know in a moment," Gao Qizheng said.
At this moment, Ling Xi and the few people from the Land of Sword Grief flew into the air and stood on top of the mountain. Ling Xi's voice echoed in the empty cave, "Although this is not the first time you have participated in this game, there are some rules that I need to make clear. First, once the huge rock under your feet rises into the air, you are not allowed to land. If you land, you will be eliminated. Second, other than reasonable collisions, you are not allowed to attack each other with Divine Abilities. If anyone dares to attack randomly, don't blame us for not being polite!"
After saying this, Ling Xi waved her hand lightly.
Thin threads shot out from her fingertips and spread in all directions.
Lines appeared on the surface of the small metal mountain in the cave. Those lines clearly divided the small mountain into three layers. In the center of the first and second layers, there were three floating formations.
At the same time, circles of lines appeared on the surface of the rock under everyone's feet. Three talisman formations emerged from within.
Gao Qizheng stood on one of the talisman arrays and said, "My colleagues, the game has begun. We must work together!"
The talisman formation he stood on was used to control the direction of the huge rock.
Luo Zheng, Li Can, and the others from the Heart Flow Sword Sect all drew out their Paramita Power and stuck themselves firmly to the rock.
The huge rock weighed over a hundred kilograms. It was still a bit heavy when everyone worked together to lift it up.
Whoosh …
The huge rock wobbled and floated into the air.
Afterward, Gao Qizheng released his Qi of Truth. The Qi of Truth spread out and established a connection with the huge rock under his feet. The huge rock suddenly changed direction and rushed towards the small mountain in the center of the cave.
Rushing to the first layer of the small mountain and obtaining the gravity rune from the floating formation was the first goal. Gao Qizheng naturally wanted to be one step ahead of everyone else.
But just as he moved the huge rock, a burst of laughter came from the huge rock on the left. One of them even said provocatively, "You want to rush over just like that? Gao Qizheng, aren't you too naive?"
The person who spoke was Sang Hou from the Murdering Sword Sect.
Three years ago, Sang Hou suffered a great loss at the hands of Mo Yijian. At that time, the huge rock of the Murdering Sword Sect had just obtained the first gravity rune when it was smashed into the ground. He had been waiting for this for a long time.

Chapter 2820
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Siege
Gao Qizheng's expression changed when he saw the Murdering Sword Sect charging at him aggressively. "Everyone, stand firm!"
Then, he stomped his foot lightly and the entire boulder flipped. The bottom of the boulder faced the sky and aimed at the boulder of the Murdering Sword Sect.
The two boulders, one on top and one on bottom, slammed into each other with a loud bang.
The boulder of the Heart Flow Sword Sect fell from the impact.
Luo Zheng and the rest's heads were facing the ground. If this continued, not only would the Heart Flow Sword Sect be eliminated, the people stuck to the boulder would also be injured.
It was not easy to be smashed by a boulder that weighed more than a hundred kilograms.
Gao Qizheng gritted his teeth and released the Qi of Trueness from his body again.
The boulder was only five feet away from the ground, while the scalps of Luo Zheng and the rest were only half a foot away from the ground. Some of them could not help but protect their heads.
"Up!"
Gao Qizheng shouted.
The boulder flipped again and everyone was facing up. The bottom of the boulder almost scraped the ground as it was lifted up.
"That was close!"
"We were almost eliminated!"
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
If they were eliminated at the beginning, it would be too embarrassing.
Luo Zheng stood on the boulder without any change in his expression.
Since he had joined the Seven Mountains Trial, his goal was to obtain the first-rate Nirvana Realm Dao Treasure forged by the Sealing Stone. If he wanted to obtain this treasure, he had to fight for first place.
However, with so many dangers at the beginning, Luo Zheng was a little anxious.
However, Gao Qizheng was much more experienced and could only control this boulder now.
Other than the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder, the other boulders were also colliding with each other.
"Bang!"
"Pa!"
"Boom!"
The sound of the boulders colliding with each other reverberated in the empty cave.
No matter who intended to charge at the metal mountain, there were boulders from other sword sects blocking their path. Even the boulder that Feng Ge was on was blocked by other sword sects.
However, the competition had only just begun, so everyone was quite restrained.
Amidst the constant collisions, the boulders that were originally scattered all around also clumsily approached the metal mountain in the middle. The distance between the boulders grew closer and closer, and the chances of collisions increased. Naturally, the collisions became more and more intense.
"Sou!"
Sang Hou of the Murdering Sword Sect had almost succeeded in the collision. His face was filled with pride.
"Hahaha! Without Mo Yijian, was the Heart Flow Sword Sect nothing but trash? Since that's the case, what's the point of struggling? Just give up! "Sang Hou laughed.
The elites of the Murdering Sword Sect also released their own Nirvana Force, causing the huge rock to once again charge towards them.
Seeing that they were about to collide again, Gao Qizheng coldly snorted. The entire boulder gently twisted, and the back of the boulder was facing the boulder of the Murdering Sword Sect.
"Bang!"
The moment he was hit by the boulder, Gao Qizheng took full control of the direction, and the Heart Sword Sect's boulder charged forward at a much faster speed!
After all, he was experienced. Not only did this collision not cause any consequences, but it also helped the Heart Flow Sword Sect. The boulder under Gao Qizheng's feet closed the distance between it and the metal mountain.
However, Sang Hou still had a smile on his face when he saw this. At the same time, he laughed and said, "Brother Kui, I'll leave them to you!"
Just as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's gaze swept over, and he hurriedly reminded, "Senior Gao, be careful on your right!"
"Huff …"
On their right, the Absolute Formation Sword Sect's boulder came whistling towards them again.
The rules of this game were to fight for themselves, but there was no such thing as teamwork. Even if a few mountains worked together to push out the other sword sects, there would still be a winner in the end.
As the winner of the previous Seven Mountains Party, the Heart Flow Sword Sect would naturally receive the attention of the other sword sects.
This' Brother Kui 'was called Zuo Shankui, and he was a direct descendant of Mount Taijin!
Seeing the boulder from Mount Taijin charging towards them, Gao Qizheng's expression turned serious. He shouted, "Chu Mo!"
Chu Mo stepped into the second talisman array, and like Gao Qizheng, released his Sword Essence of Eternity.
"Weng!"
As the talisman formation under his feet emitted a purple light, the entire boulder seemed to have been injected with chicken blood. Its speed was doubled in an instant. It rushed out at a very high speed and avoided the impact of the boulder on Taijin Mountain.
"The first talisman array is used to control the boulder's direction, the second is used to accelerate, I wonder what the third is for?" Luo Zheng observed silently.
Chu Mo's acceleration only lasted for a breath's time, and the boulder's speed slowed down again.
Just as the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder escaped, there was a loud "Clang" from not far away.
Luo Zheng turned around and saw the boulder from Mount Taiming smashing into the ground, and the people on the boulder were thrown out. They quickly stabilized themselves after being thrown out, and no one was injured, but their expressions were ugly.
Mount Taiming had been smashed to the ground, and he was the first to be eliminated.
The one who kicked Mount Taiming out was Feng Ge.
Feng Ge sat in the middle of the talisman array on the boulder, looking down at the sorry state of Mount Taiming's group, his cold face expressionless.
The next moment, she turned her head slightly, and her gaze happened to meet with Luo Zheng's. Her beautiful eyes blinked, and the boulder below her drew a nimble trajectory in the air, rushing straight for the metal mountain.
Feng Ge's display of skill exceeded everyone's expectations, and for a moment, no one dared to stop him!
As she approached the edge of the first layer of the metal mountain, the gravity talisman slowly gathered on the boulder. It would take some time to collect the gravity talisman.
During this process, a voice came from behind her, "My apologies, Your Highness!"
"Boom!"
The boulder that belonged to Mount Taixiu directly knocked away the boulder that Feng Ge was on.
After collecting the first gravity talisman, one would be able to rush to the second layer of the metal mountain, and one would not be far from the final goal. Everyone wanted to be first, so naturally, they would do their best to stop the other.
"Let's charge over as well!"
Gao Qizheng gave the order, and the boulder spun in the air, heading toward the metal mountain at a strange angle. But at that moment, the boulders of the Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect appeared on both sides!
Just as Gao Qizheng was about to urge Chu Mo to speed up, another boulder floated in front of them. Standing at the very front of the boulder was Mount Taihao's Xu Youwei.
Xu Youwei had not been able to kick Luo Zheng out, so he held a grudge in his heart. Naturally, he would deliberately target the Heart Flow Sword Sect that Luo Zheng was in.
Seeing this, the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect inwardly cursed.
Although they had been prepared to be targeted, they had not expected to be targeted by everyone. It seemed like these people would not stop until they kicked the Heart Flow Sword Sect out of the competition!
"Senior Brother Gao, do you need my help?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No need! I can handle it! "Gao Qizheng replied with rapt attention.

Chapter 2821
Hanging by a Thread
Gao Qizheng had clearly overestimated himself and underestimated the determination of these people to target the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
The Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect's boulders suddenly sped up. At the same time, they were already standing on the third talisman array. The moment they released their True Meaning of Dao, a barrier suddenly expanded from the two boulders and enveloped the boulders.
The Seven Mountains Party was not a competition between the Heavenly Palaces. Instead, it was a grand event. Thus, it restricted everyone from fighting each other to the greatest extent. Thus, the three talisman arrays on the boulder gave it three functions: control, acceleration, and barrier.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
With two boulders on the left and right, it was already too late for Gao Qizheng to tell Chu Mo to speed up.
"Gong He!"
In a moment of desperation, Gao Qizheng called out a third person's name.
Gong He was already standing on the third talisman array. The moment he used his True Meaning of Eternal Sword, the barrier on the boulder activated as well.
In terms of the thickness of the barrier, Gong He's True Meaning of Eternal Sword was far inferior to the Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect. However, he had no choice but to save himself.
The moment the barrier on the boulder activated, the two boulders on the left and right slammed into the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder.
The three boulders were protected by the barrier, so there wasn't a violent collision.
However, the barrier on the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder was being squeezed from both sides. It was fixed in the center and could not move. Gao Qizheng tried to break free from between the two boulders. He even told Chu Mo to speed up, but he still could not move.
At this moment, Xu Youwei controlled Mount Taihao's boulder to fly over.
The boulder suddenly flew up a distance and then swooped down. It looked like it was going to smash the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder into the ground.
"Be good and be eliminated …."
Xu Youwei looked down at the Heart Flow Sword Sect members on the boulder, especially Luo Zheng. When he saw Luo Zheng clenching his fists, Xu Youwei's eyes were filled with mockery. Luo Zheng's helplessness was yet to come ….
Buzz! Buzz!
Xu Youwei came over with great momentum, and the power of such a collision could be said to be terrifying.
The moment he collided with the Heart Sword Sect's boulder, the Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect's boulder loosened their encirclement.
The Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder was like a meteor. It spun wildly and smashed down from the sky.
"Ah!"
Li Can and the other three Heart Flow Sword Sect disciples screamed as they were thrown off the boulder.
"Luo Zheng, this is bad …"
Not far away, Ling Shuang was also competing with the other boulders. She was only in charge of the acceleration array glyphs. Song Feiyu was the one controlling the Taiyi Mountain boulder, so she naturally had the time to observe. At this moment, she saw that Luo Zheng's Heart Flow Sword Sect was about to be eliminated.
Many people looked over and shook their heads when they saw the Heart Sword Sect's boulder falling.
At the top of the cave, there was a sunken cave.
Inside the cave, there was a stone bench and a small stove. Green tea was boiling on the stove.
There were a total of four people sitting on the bench. They were Qiu Yinhe, Chi Yi, Lin Zhanting, and a sage-like old man.
This old man was the one who distributed the flags in Dragon City. His face didn't change much, but his aura was very different.
"Brother Yinhe, you're too confident this time. The Heart Flow Sword Sect took first place last time. Now that they're being targeted, how can they have any chance? They can't even reach the second level of the metal mountain, "Lin Zhanting said with a smile.
Qiu Yinhe smiled and shook his head helplessly. "Gao Qizheng is too cautious. If he had given it to Luo Zheng earlier, the situation might have been different."
Chi Yi disagreed. "Even if it's just Luo Zheng, it won't be of any help. The disciples from the other mountains can't be underestimated either. He's not the only one who comprehended the Dao with a single thought."
The rewards for this year's Seven Mountains Party were so plentiful that even Feng Ge and some other people who didn't participate in the past had participated. There were also some hidden geniuses from other mountains like Taihao Mountain, so the difficulty of this year's Seven Mountains Party was naturally much higher than the previous one.
Just when everyone thought the Heart Flow Sword Sect had been eliminated, Gao Qizheng's aura suddenly surged.
His entire body shot out from the boulder. The moment he hit the ground, he flipped over and stood up.
According to the rules, once his feet left the boulder, he was eliminated and couldn't return to the boulder.
But for the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he couldn't care less.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The moment he landed on the ground, a huge black stone hand appeared above his head.
It was a descend-type Nirvana token, the Demon Hand of the Sun.
The Demon Hand of the Sun was a very rare Nirvana token in the Thirteen Levels of Heaven. Although it was a descend-type Nirvana token, the power it contained was extremely terrifying. Its explosive power reached 400 Shen Jun!
And as a descend-type Nirvana token, the Demon Hand of the Sun could be used as a treasure!
"Demon Hand of the Sun! Go! "
Gao Qizheng's talent was above average among the elite disciples, but among the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he was second only to Mo Yijian. In terms of charisma, he completely defeated Mo Yijian, and the main reason was his Nirvana token.
"Whoosh!"
The Demon Hand of the Sun was fully activated, turning into a huge fist and crashing into the bottom of the boulder.
"Boom!"
With a muffled sound, the boulder shook violently. Another ten or so people were thrown off the boulder. However, the boulder's downward momentum had changed, and it flew diagonally.
Gao Qizheng had used all his strength at this moment. Since he was eliminated, he could only be a spectator. He smiled bitterly. "We can only rely on you, Junior Brother Luo …"
When everyone saw Gao Qizheng's move, their faces revealed a trace of surprise.
"This Gao Qizheng is really tenacious!"
"His Nirvana token has great potential, and it has great development value. If we use it fully, it will be a huge help!"
"But it's useless for him to struggle like this. There are only five or six people left. It's hard to lift that boulder, isn't it?"
As the boulder flew through the air, the people attached to it were still panicking.
Without Gao Qizheng's control, the boulder lost its direction.
Even with everyone's full strength, the boulder still swayed and drifted to one side.
"So tenacious. Let me send you on your way …"
Xu Youwei controlled the boulder to appear above and crash down again with the force of Mount Tai.
Even without the intervention of external forces, the boulder of the Heart Flow Sword Sect would probably fall on its own. Xu Youwei's move was just adding insult to injury.
At this moment, Luo Zheng waved his hand gently.
The formless power transformed into two chains that circled around his body and wrapped around the boulder.
This was the advantage of being proficient in the Strength Divine Path. This way, Luo Zheng was firmly fixed to the surface of the boulder.
With a light slide of his feet, he was already standing on the control array glyphs, where Gao Qizheng had originally been.
He activated the Sword Fate's Eternal Sword Intent and the Strength Divine Totem at the same time. The powerful Nirvana Power and True Intent aura were released!
"Rise!"

Chapter 2822
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Pincer Attack on Three Sides
The boulder under Xu Youwei's feet was very close to the boulder of the Centrifugal Sword Sect.
Even though Luo Zheng had taken control of the boulder, he had no chance of avoiding it.
At this height, Luo Zheng had no way of adjusting himself.
Most importantly, there were too few people on the boulder. It was already very taxing for the six of them to pull the boulder up, not to mention the impact of another boulder.
Under everyone's watchful eyes, the boulder of the Heart Sword Sect suddenly twisted.
The agility it displayed at this moment far exceeded everyone's expectations!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng controlled the boulder to roll, almost brushing against the boulder above him.
The two boulders rubbed against each other, producing an ear-piercing sound.
After controlling the boulder to avoid Xu Youwei's collision, Luo Zheng did not choose to escape. Instead, he followed Xu Youwei's boulder and rolled upwards!
In this way, Luo Zheng's boulder pressed down on Xu Youwei's boulder!
"Go down!"
As Luo Zheng controlled the boulder, he activated the Might God Totem again.
With a burst of powerful Paramita Power, Luo Zheng stepped on the boulder and pressed it down.
Xu Youwei had originally wanted to smash Luo Zheng's boulder down, so he had maintained his downward momentum. Now, Luo Zheng's actions were like adding fuel to the fire, accelerating his fall!
Seeing that Xu Youwei's boulder was about to hit the ground, he hurriedly shouted, "Huang Wu! Speed up! "
Just as his boulder was about to hit the ground, he suddenly rushed out and forcibly pulled himself up from the ground. In the process, four Taihao Mountain disciples were thrown out.
Almost being eliminated by Luo Zheng, Xu Youwei was so scared that he broke out in cold sweat.
"Beautiful!"
In the distance, Ling Shuang saw this scene and could not help but clap.
She had thought that Luo Zheng was done for, but he had turned the tables in the blink of an eye!
"Your, Your Highness …"
Song Feiyu was focused on controlling the boulder. When he saw Ling Shuang's excited expression, he could not help but remind her.
After all, Ling Shuang was a direct descendant of Taiyi Mountain, while Luo Zheng was actually standing in the competition with Taiyi Mountain. Ling Shuang's concern for him was quite a blow to their morale.
"Junior Brother Luo's so agile, Junior Brother Luo Qiu Island …"
Gao Qizheng, who had been on the verge of despair, now, his eyes were filled with hope.
The reason why he threw the boulder back was because he wanted to make a Hail Mary effort, but he never expected Luo Zheng to be so nimble at this moment.
Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, Gao, and Luo Zheng's Translation, Luo Luo, Luo Luo, and Luo Zheng, Luo Luo,, and Luo, Luo, Luo.
Inside the cave, Qiu Yinhe leisurely took a sip of tea and revealed a satisfied smile. "I've said it before, this kid never disappoints."
"Even if he escapes this time, it's probably useless. There are only seven people left in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. It's very inconvenient to control the boulder without enough strength. Even when Mo Yijian led the Heart Flow Sword Sect to first place last time, there were still 15 people on the boulder," He Chi said.
He Chi had watched all the previous Seven Mountain Gatherings, so he naturally remembered Mo Yijian's performance last time.
Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian were on the same level in terms of their compatibility with the True Meaning of the Dao. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not the only one on the boulder who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought.
The competition between the mountains in the cave became more and more intense.
After Taiming Mountain was the first to be eliminated, Taijin Mountain's boulder fell to the ground again. The one who made the first move was Feng Ge. The third to be eliminated was Taiyue Mountain.
Although the other sword sects were not eliminated, many people were thrown off by the collisions.
In order to obtain the first Gravity Rune, the competition became more and more intense. There were violent collisions near the metal mountain, and from time to time, people were thrown off by the boulder.
Not long after, Feng Ge finally obtained the Gravity Rune on the first level with absolute suppression, and Taiyi Mountain followed closely behind.
After obtaining the Gravity Rune, the weight of the boulder under their feet suddenly doubled. In order to pull the boulder up, they had to exert more strength, and the boulder's flying speed also slowed down.
However, after obtaining the Gravity Rune on the first level, they directly climbed to the second level of the metal mountain. As long as they obtained the Gravity Rune on the second level, they could directly reach the top. They were only a short distance away from reaching the top.
But whether it was Feng Ge or Taiyi Mountain's Song Feiyu, they would not let the other person take the lead and stop each other from obtaining the Gravity Rune on the second level of the metal mountain.
Although Xu Youwei had almost led Taihao Mountain out of the competition, after resolving the crisis, he still followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
The two boulders, one in front and one behind, almost circled around the cave wall, and he was still chasing after them.
"Speed up, get rid of that guy," Luo Zheng said.
Chu Mo was not left behind. After hearing Luo Zheng's order, he once again released his True Meaning of Dao.
As the boulders sped up, the boulders of Murdering Sword Sect and Peerless Sword Sect appeared in front of them.
Murdering Sword Sect and Peerless Sword Sect had joined forces from the beginning. When the two major sword sects participated in the Seven Mountains Meeting, they had a secret agreement that no matter which sword sect obtained first place, the rewards would be divided equally.
The two major sword sects could not afford to offend Feng Ge and Taiyi Mountain, but they were also in a stalemate on the second level, so joining forces to deal with the other sword sects was the top priority.
"This Heart Flow Sword Sect can still struggle at death's door …" Sang Luo of Murdering Sword Sect sneered and made a hand gesture.
Thus, the boulders of the two major sword sects surrounded them again.
The previous scene played out again.
Xu Youwei's boulder chased after them, while the boulders of Murdering Sword Sect and Peerless Sword Sect met them head-on.
"Junior Brother Luo, what do we do?" Chu Mo asked anxiously.
This time, without Gao Qizheng and facing the pincer attack of three boulders, Chu Mo was naturally panicking.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and said, "Chu Mo, get out of the way!"
The elites of Heart Flow Sword Sect relied heavily on Gao Qizheng. Without him, the remaining few would comply with Luo Zheng's every request, so Chu Mo obediently moved to the side.
Luo Zheng stepped on the control glyph formation with one foot and the acceleration glyph formation with the other.
In this situation, it would be difficult for him to turn the tables alone.
However, when Gao Qizheng mentioned the Sword Intent of Eternity, Luo Zheng realized something.
The higher one's understanding of the Sword Intent of Eternity, the greater the advantage of controlling boulders. For example, the barrier of Taihao Mountain's boulder was thicker than that of Heart Flow Sword Sect.
That was because Gong He of Heart Flow Sword Sect was less compatible with the Sword Intent of Eternity.
Another example was Luo Zheng's near-perfect compatibility with One Thought Dao Comprehension. Thus, the boulders of Heart Flow Sword Sect were more flexible than those of other sword sects.
Since the three glyph formations on the boulders were the same as the Imperial Sword Seal, could they absorb the last part of the Sword Intent of Eternity?
After all, that part of Sanskrit was connected. Moreover, Luo Zheng had mastered more than a hundred words, but because he couldn't control the white cyclone, he didn't try using the Imperial Sword Seal.
Thinking of this, he released the aura of Sword Intent again and recited the translation of the Sword Intent of Eternity.

Chapter 2823
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Incomprehensibly powerful
Caught in a three-pronged attack, everyone knew that the Heart Flow Sword Sect was in danger.
Ling Shuang sat on the boulder and sighed helplessly.
If not for Feng Ge, she could've convinced Song Feiyu to help, but Feng Ge's boulder attack was too fierce. Taiyi Mountain couldn't even take care of itself.
Even so, Ling Shuang still focused most of her attention on Luo Zheng.
The Heart Flow Sword Sect had miraculously turned the tables. Perhaps the situation wasn't as bad as she thought?
After Luo Zheng chanted a dozen words, the cyclone in his mind quietly took shape.
He'd been standing on two talisman arrays, constantly releasing true intent aura.
The cyclone's appearance caused a slight change in his true intent aura!
Hum!
The control talisman on his left foot and the acceleration talisman on his right began to shine brightly, and the patterns on the boulder flickered with strange light.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng was taken aback.
When he'd first stepped into the control talisman array, he'd felt that the array was similar to the Imperial Sword Seal. As long as he released his true intent aura, they would constantly demand it.
But now, the two talisman arrays demanded even more of his true intent aura!
In a depression on the upper level of the cave.
Qiu Yinhe suddenly stood up, not even noticing the scalding tea splashing on him. His eyes were fixed on the array on the boulder.
He Chi, Lin Zhanting, and the old man who'd given out the flags were fine. They just found it strange.
The metal mountain in the cave had been left behind in the past. The gravity talisman arrays and laws had been designed by He Chi, but the three arrays on the boulder had been created by Qiu Yinhe.
This game wasn't about who was stronger. Otherwise, a competition would've been enough. It tested the cooperation and cooperation of the elite disciples.
The three arrays Qiu Yinhe had created were actually variants of the Imperial Sword Seal. This way, the elites' strength would be limited to the same level.
Of course, because of the variant Imperial Sword Seal, the One Thought Dao Cultivators still had a considerable advantage.
But at this moment, Qiu Yinhe sensed something strange through the Imperial Sword Seal!
"Brother Qiu, what's wrong?" the old man asked curiously when he saw Qiu Yinhe's excitement.
Qiu Yinhe stared at Luo Zheng with an incomprehensible expression and said, "Luo Zheng's Eternal Sword Intent … has a problem!"
"Is there a problem?" The old man asked with a smile.
All the sword cultivators in this world comprehended the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent.
Whether it was in the depths of the chaos or in the mother world, not a word more or less would be tolerated.
In terms of problems, even the most ingenious Supreme Sword Scripture would have a flaw. Only the Sword Luck Eternal True Intent would not have a flaw. Or rather, all the True Intents of Dao would not have a flaw.
These True Intents of Dao were the only ways to utilize one's strength. Apart from following the prescribed order, there were no shortcuts.
Therefore, when He Chi and the others heard Qiu Yinhe's words, they also found it hard to understand.
Amidst this incomprehensible situation, the boulder under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly began to flutter!
Because the boulder itself was heavy, even if everyone worked together to increase its speed, it still looked a little cumbersome.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's boulder became as light as a butterfly.
The moment the boulder leapt high into the air, the elites of the Murdering Sword Sect and Absolute Formation Sword Sect all opened their mouths wide. Time seemed to have slowed down at this moment. A question flashed through their minds. How did this guy do it?
Before this question could be answered, the boulder in the sky suddenly shot down.
"Peng, peng!"
The boulder's mass coupled with the inertia from the acceleration created a terrifying impact.
The Murdering Sword Sect and Absolute Formation Sword Sect did not dodge at all and were hit by Luo Zheng's boulder.
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
Without any suspense, the boulder from the Murdering Sword Sect and Absolute Formation Sword Sect crashed into the ground.
Even though Sang Hou ordered people to open the barrier around the boulder at the last moment, the barrier was still crushed by the impact of the boulder. It was unable to save the Murdering Sword Sect.
The elite disciples of the two major sword sects rolled all over the ground. Sang Hou and the rest were lying on the ground, looking at the seven people from the Heart Flow Sword Sect in the air. Their faces were filled with shock.
"They … they cheated!"
"How can it be so agile? How can it have such a strong impact? "
"This boulder can't have been tampered with …"
"They might have used a special Paramita Token!"
Some Paramita Tokens had strange abilities that could catch people off guard. However, this was against the rules!
In fact, Gao Qizheng had used his Paramita Token to hit the boulder back. This was also against the rules. It could be considered a loophole in the rules, so Ling Xi and the rest did not pursue the matter.
When Sang Hou heard this speculation, he immediately became excited. He jumped up and shouted at Ling Xi on the metal mountain, "They cheated! The Heart Flow Sword Sect cheated! We have to do it again! "
Ling Xi and the rest of the people in the Land of Sword of Grief were also stunned. She also found it hard to imagine that the remaining seven people could control the boulder so nimbly and explosively with such speed.
"I heard that there is a mysterious Paramita Token that can turn material into nothingness and reduce its weight," said a tall man beside Ling Xi.
"If they really turned the boulder into nothingness, it's impossible for it to have such a strong impact. However, they might have used other abilities," another person nodded and said.
Ling Xi could not see the problem and could only look up at the top of the cave.
She knew that He Chi and the rest were watching the battle from above. If there was really something going on, they would probably step in.
Just as she looked up, He Chi's voice rang in her ears, "No one cheated. Let them continue."
Ling Xi nodded and made a gesture of denial to Sang Hou and the rest. "No one cheated. You can leave now!"
"Then how do you explain that guy's speed?" Sang Hou's face was filled with dissatisfaction.
"Yes! That's not normal at all! "
"Even an Enlightened One can't do that! We have to start the competition again! "
The two major sword sects had been eliminated by Luo Zheng in an instant. How could they be satisfied? Some of them even walked towards the boulder on the ground. They really wanted to return to the competition.
When Lingxi saw this, her eyes narrowed slightly. With her thumb and little finger connected, strands of invisible threads suddenly appeared around those people.
"Hiss …"
In the blink of an eye, these people were tightly bound by the threads and pulled up the metal mountain, hanging upside down in front of Ling Xi.
"You dare to question me? Get out of here, "Ling Xi spat out a few words from her thin lips. Then, those people flew backward like kites and smashed into the mountain wall.
Those who came out of the Land of Sword of Grief did not have good tempers.

Chapter 2824
Give Up
Gao Qizheng and the other elites of the Heartflow Sword Sect sat on one side of the cliff, looking at the sorry state of Sang Hou and the others with a meaningful smile.
The Murderous Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect were of the same origin as Greater One Mountain, but these two sword sects had been targeting the Heartflow Sword Sect for a long time.
After Luo Zheng's miraculous performance, Gao Qizheng and the others recovered from their shock and felt much better.
"Gao Qizheng! What are you laughing at?! "Sang Hou looked at Gao Qizheng's happy face with anger.
Gao Qizheng shrugged. "I'm laughing at some people who shot themselves in the foot!"
"Do you … have a death wish?" Sang Hou's eyes flashed.
Gao Qizheng looked relaxed. "This isn't a good place to fight. Let's go somewhere else and I'll take you on anytime."
In terms of strength, Gao Qizheng didn't fear this group of people.
Whether it was his cultivation or his Paramita token, he was at the top of the three major sword sects, but his potential wasn't as good as Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian's.
Thinking of Gao Qizheng's move, Sang Hou gave up. He snorted and led the others to lean against the cliff, cursing in his heart.
In the last Seven Mountains Meeting, they had been crushed by that damned Mo Yijian. This time, they thought that since Mo Yijian wasn't here, the Heartflow Sword Sect would be a soft persimmon for them to crush. But this time, another guy had popped out of nowhere, and this guy was even more abnormal than Mo Yijian …
When they looked up, they saw that the Heartflow Sword Sect's boulder had changed direction and was flying toward Taihao Mountain's boulder.
"Taihao Mountain is in trouble!"
"Xu Youwei's fate won't be much better than ours."
"… …"
After Luo Zheng dealt with the Murderous Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect, the boulder suddenly turned around and sped away.
Xu Youwei had caused trouble for Luo Zheng multiple times, so he naturally wouldn't let him go!
Luo Zheng didn't intend to reveal the remaining words of the Eternal Sword Intent so quickly, but Qiu Yinhe must have known about him renting the yellow paper from the Sword Intent Pavilion.
Since he had already used it, he might as well kick Xu Youwei out of the game.
The dozen or so people from Taihao Mountain were terrified when they saw the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder turn around.
"That guy is coming!"
"At this speed, there's no way to avoid it!"
"Young Master Youwei! What should we do? "
Xu Youwei's face was as gloomy as water. How could he have thought that the situation would change so quickly?
From Luo Zheng's performance in controlling the boulder, Xu Youwei understood that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. Even if this guy's compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent was not perfect, it was not far from it.
But now, Luo Zheng's performance had already exceeded Xu Youwei's understanding. Even a single thought Dao Comprehender could not be so relaxed!
Naturally, no one could answer the confusion in his heart. Right now, he had to avoid this fatal counterattack.
Since there was no way to escape, Xu Youwei shouted, "Lu Kuang! You control it! "
Then he stepped onto the third talisman array, and a barrier suddenly appeared on the boulder.
Although Xu Youwei could not comprehend the Dao with a single thought, his compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent was close to perfect. The moment he stepped onto the array, an extremely thick barrier appeared.
"Boom!"
As soon as the barrier was activated, Luo Zheng's boulder came crashing down on his head.
But this collision did not shatter the barrier.
Xu Youwei fell down with the boulder. When the boulder hit the ground, the barrier displayed astonishing toughness. The boulder that had activated the barrier was like a bouncy rubber ball, forcibly bouncing up!
"Not bad, but how long … can you last?"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. With a slight thought, he flew in the direction of Taihao Mountain's boulder and smashed it down again.
Xu Youwei gritted his teeth and desperately urged his True Intent aura. The originally dim barrier instantly recovered.
"Boom!"
The force of the second collision was even greater, and the boulder fell even more fiercely.
When it landed again, Xu Youwei's barrier was extremely compressed. An elite disciple of Taihao Mountain could not dodge in time, and his head hit the ground and he fainted.
Even so, the boulder did not touch the ground. It stubbornly bounced off the ground and into the air.
The third time, when he saw Luo Zheng fall from the sky with the boulder, Xu Youwei could not hold on any longer. His face was dispirited, and he sighed helplessly. "Everyone, give up …"
As he spoke, he pushed off the boulder with his feet.
After the thrilling torment just now, the other disciples of Taihao Mountain were also holding on. Such a violent collision could have seriously injured them. But Young Master Youwei was still bitterly holding on. How could they give up?
Now that Xu Youwei had given the order, they immediately left the boulder and let it smash into the ground.
Taihao Mountain, eliminated.
Xu Youwei, who was standing in the air, stared at Luo Zheng. His fists were tightly clenched, and the anger in his heart was almost uncontrollable.
This guy had humiliated him again and again. With Xu Youwei's pride, how could he endure it? If it were not for Ling Xi and the other powerhouses of the Sword of Grief being present, he might have immediately killed Luo Zheng.
Taijin Mountain, Taiyue Mountain, Taiming Mountain, Taihao Mountain, Murdering Sword Sect, and Absolute Formation Sword Sect had all been eliminated.
Only Taiyi Mountain, Taixiu Mountain, Feng Ge, and the Heart Flow Sword Sect remained.
Apart from blocking Feng Ge at the beginning, Taixiu Mountain had chosen to play it safe and stay far away. With such a strategy, they would not be able to compete for first place.
The top ten sword sects clashed fiercely. For example, in the last Seven Mountains Party, there was only first and second place. There was no third place. The other eight sword sects had all been eliminated.
Taixiu Mountain was waiting for them to finish their competition. If they could get third place, it would be enough. If they were lucky, they might even get second place.
While Luo Zheng was suppressing Xu Youwei, Taixiu Mountain's boulder quietly came to the side of the metal mountain and began to absorb the gravity rune.
But halfway through, Taixiu Mountain saw Luo Zheng flying over on the boulder. Taixiu Mountain tactfully gave up and slipped away, leaving the gravity rune to the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
The people who had been eliminated on the side all pointed at Taixiu Mountain and laughed.
"Zhou Zhuo is too cunning!"
"As long as someone else is eliminated, Taixiu Mountain won't have to do anything. They'll definitely get third place!"
"If we had known, we would have done the same …"
Apart from Xu Youwei, Sang Hou, and the others who were unhappy, most people who had been eliminated were in a good mood. Although they had missed the prize, the Seven Mountains Party was not a battle of life and death.
Luo Zheng stepped on the boulder and leaned against the side of the metal mountain. He began to fuse with the gravity rune. During the fusion process, there were sounds of boulders colliding with each other. He looked up and frowned slightly.
Feng Ge was still sitting on the boulder. Her beautiful face was expressionless as if it had been frozen. Under her control, the boulder kept smashing against Taiyi Mountain's boulder.

Chapter 2825
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Pursuit
After Luo Zheng absorbed the gravity rune, the weight of the boulder suddenly doubled, reaching the weight of two hundred godly catties.
The boulder's weight would obviously affect its agility. However, the boulder under Taiyi Mountain and Feng Ge's feet was also 200 Shen Jun. Everyone's starting point was still the same.
On the other side, Feng Ge had forced Taiyi Mountain into a corner of the cave after a few rounds of aggressive attacks.
No matter how hard Song Feiyu tried, he could not break through Feng Ge's suppression.
Ling Shuang and the others from Taiyi Mountain were also anxious. There were only four sword sects left. If they were kicked out now, it would be a huge loss.
Ling Shuang looked at the metal mountain. Luo Zheng was a little far away from them. Moreover, he did not seem to have any intention of helping them. He actually rushed to the second level of the metal mountain!
"This guy … only cares about himself!" Ling Shuang curled her lips.
Hearing Ling Shuang's words, Song Feiyu also looked at the metal mountain. His eyes flashed and he smiled. "He's not caring about himself. He wants to save us!"
"What do you mean …" Ling Shuang's mind had not yet understood.
Song Feiyu gestured to Feng Ge, who was rushing over, and pointed at the metal mountain.
With Feng Ge's arrogant personality, she would either not participate in the battle, or she would definitely take first place. Previously, she only needed to solve the biggest problem, Taiyi Mountain.
But now, Luo Zheng had also reached the second level. This guy could rush to the top of the metal mountain after fusing with the second gravity rune. How could Feng Ge allow this?
She frowned slightly. The boulder instantly changed direction and rushed towards the metal mountain. She wanted to stop Luo Zheng from fusing with the second gravity rune.
Ling Shuang saw this scene and was slightly stunned. She repeatedly asked Song Feiyu, "Is he really going to save us? Or does he just want to take the first place? "
Song Feiyu thought of such a boring question and said helplessly, "My lady! The important thing is that we are not eliminated. As for whether Luo Zheng wants to save us or take the first place, is it important? "
Ling Shuang stood on the boulder. She still looked a little depressed. She could only whisper, "Of course it's important …"
"Sou!"
Feng Ge controlled the boulder to go straight to Luo Zheng.
This time, the nineteen people brought by Feng Ge were all elites under the direct command of the Heavenly Palace. Their comprehensive strength was naturally stronger than the other sword sects. The two hundred kilograms of weight of this huge rock had little effect on them.
In addition, Feng Ge himself was extremely outstanding, so her determination to compete for first place was naturally quite strong.
Luo Zheng leisurely let the boulder under his feet absorb the second Gravity Rune, but in fact, his attention was fixed on Feng Ge.
His thoughts were the same as Song Feiyu's. It was impossible for Feng Ge to let him absorb the second gravity rune. He would definitely stop him.
Moreover, after absorbing the second gravity rune, the weight of the boulder would double again, reaching a terrifying 400 godly tons. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't drag such a huge burden to deal with Feng Ge.
Seeing that Feng Ge's boulder was getting closer and closer to him, Luo Zheng tiptoed lightly.
The boulder suddenly flipped over and separated from the side of the metal mountain.
"Boom!"
The boulder controlled by Feng Ge smashed into the metal mountain. The huge impact even caused the metal mountain to shake.
"How violent …" Luo Zheng stood on high and looked at this woman.
"Junior Brother Luo, this Feng Ge is rumored to be a One Thought Dao Cultivator!"
"Don't underestimate her!"
"You must be careful!"
The people behind Luo Zheng reminded him.
Even though Luo Zheng seemed to have a special technique to control the boulder, he still couldn't let his guard down against Feng Ge.
Feng Ge's expression didn't change in the slightest after her attack missed. She looked up at Luo Zheng. The boulder immediately spiraled upward, following Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder was extremely agile, but Feng Ge's was not slow either, and the impact was even stronger. The two boulders spiraled up and down in the air, like an eagle chasing after a nimble swallow. It was extremely entertaining.
"This technique … Feng Ge is so strong!"
"Don't forget that the Heart Flow Sword Sect only has seven people. Luo Zheng is stronger, right?"
"But the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder doesn't dare to collide head-on. It will lose sooner or later!"
Many people had never imagined that someone could control the heavy boulder to such an extent. They looked at the two boulders with reverence in their eyes.
"Alas, it's a pity that we didn't live up to expectations …"
"If we hadn't fallen down, we might have had a chance!"
"We dragged Luo Zheng down."
The Heart Flow Sword Sect's elites who had fallen down were filled with regret. If they could fight side by side with Luo Zheng, a mere Feng Ge wouldn't be a threat.
"It's my fault," Gao Qizheng comforted them. "If Luo Zheng had gone up from the start, this wouldn't have happened. The Heart Flow Sword Sect would have won long ago."
At the top of the cave.
He Chi, Qiu Yinhe and the other three were also admiring the scene below.
"This is probably the most intense battle in the history of the Seven Mountains Party," He Chi said with a smile.
The old man who had given out the flags said, "Brother He Chi, who do you think will win in the end?"
"It should be Feng Ge," Qiu Yinhe said.
"Oh? Brother Yin He, you don't think Luo Zheng will win this time? "Lin Zhanting asked.
Luo Zheng had been escorted by Qiu Yinhe all the way to the Heart Flow Sword Sect. In order to win over Luo Zheng, Qiu Yinhe had even fallen out with Lin Zhanting.
Qiu Yinhe smiled helplessly. "Luo Zheng's advantage lies in his speed and agility, but he doesn't have the ability to clash with Feng Ge. Other than dodging, he has no other way to deal with it …"
"Brother Yin He, don't forget that our Taiyi Mountain is still here," Lin Zhanting chuckled.
Under the pursuit of Feng Ge and Luo Zheng, Taiyi Mountain moved stealthily along the bottom and quietly circled to the metal mountain. This was an excellent opportunity for Taiyi Mountain.
Although Luo Zheng's actions had actually saved Taiyi Mountain's life, Song Feiyu did not have any awareness of it.
"Brother Feiyu, isn't this wrong …" Ling Shuang began to feel conflicted again.
"What's wrong? This is a game. The enemy of my enemy is my friend. It's just that they've all become enemies now," Song Feiyu said with a smile.
"But …"
Ling Shuang was about to retort when the sound of wind came from behind.
"Bang!"
With the sound of a huge rock crashing, Taiyi Mountain's boulder was directly knocked away, and three people were thrown off the boulder.
Song Feiyu looked back and his face sank. "Zhou Zhuo?"
The person who had crashed into Taiyi Mountain's boulder was Zhou Zhuo from Taixiu Mountain. Zhou Zhuo had formulated a strategy from the beginning to ensure that he would not be eliminated and would still be in the top three.
However, now that he saw the light of hope for first place, he made a prompt decision.
Thus, Taixiu Mountain, who had been hiding for a long time, came out at this moment …
"If there's a chance to get first place, I'd be a fool not to fight for it," Zhou Zhuo said with a laugh.

Chapter 2826
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Sudden change
Song Feiyu looked at Zhou Zhuo's complacent face and snorted. He said arrogantly, "Zhou Zhuo, you're just an opportunist. You must be dreaming!"
Song Feiyu's feet suddenly sank. Without hesitation, he charged toward Mt. Taixiu's boulder.
The battle between Mt. Taiyi and Mt. Taixiu was intense, but most people still focused on Feng Ge and Luo Zheng.
After an intense chase, the two finally arrived at the side of the cave.
Chu Mo and the others sat on the boulder, dizzy from Luo Zheng's shaking.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had full control of the boulder. They only needed to help Luo Zheng bear the weight of the boulder.
Halfway through, Chu Mo saw that Mt. Taiyi was approaching Mt. Taiyi, so he reminded Feng Ge, hoping that Feng Ge would turn around and deal with Mt. Taiyi.
Unexpectedly, Feng Ge was indifferent and ignored Chu Mo. She was determined to eliminate the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Step by step, the two boulders flew close to the cave wall.
As long as the boulders touched any protrusions on the cave wall, they would be eliminated. It was a dangerous situation.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng wanted to leave the cave wall, but Feng Ge's boulder suddenly twisted and blocked his path. Luo Zheng had no choice but to dodge to the other side.
But as he dodged, he fell into a long and narrow crevice on the north side of the cave.
The people behind Feng Ge were overjoyed.
"We won, Your Highness!"
"Give him a fatal blow!"
"This kid is too good at running!"
Seeing that victory was within his grasp, Feng Ge was not happy at all. Instead, there was some disappointment in his eyes.
These people were too weak. The only one who was slightly challenging could only do so much …
Whoosh!
With a thought, the boulder charged into the crevice.
Luo Zheng had very little space to dodge Feng Ge's attack. After all, the crevice only allowed two boulders to enter at the same time. The slightest mistake would cause the boulder to brush against the cave wall.
"Luo Zheng has no way out."
"The Heart Flow Sword Sect lost in the end."
"He shouldn't have run to the north. That's a dead end. Or is he inexperienced? Both Tai Jin Mountain and Murdering Sword Sect were trapped there?"
Everyone shook their heads. This result was within everyone's expectations.
The elite disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect clenched their fists. Even now, Gao Qizheng and the others were still hoping for a miracle.
Seeing the boulder heading straight for him, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. At the same time, he exhorted, "Everyone, stand firm!"
Then, the boulder under his feet suddenly sank. Instead of retreating, he charged toward the periphery of the crack.
"Courting death."
Feng Ge narrowed his eyes slightly.
In this narrow space, as long as Luo Zheng dared to approach her, she could knock Luo Zheng out with just a slight squeeze, and Luo Zheng would not even have the chance to dodge.
But at this moment, the speed of the boulder under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly increased by several times!
Before Feng Ge could squeeze it, it squeezed through the crack above her. Two people behind Feng Ge could not dodge in time and were swept away by Luo Zheng's boulder …
Luo Zheng, who had squeezed out of the crack, did not take the opportunity to escape. Instead, he used his extremely high speed and inertia to crash into Feng Ge from behind!
The tables had turned in an instant. This time, it was Feng Ge who was in a desperate situation!
"Oh my god! What just happened! "
"How did Luo Zheng get out? Did he touch the rock wall above the crack? "
Ling Xi made a gesture on the metal. "Neither of them touched the rock wall."
"In this case, I'm afraid Feng Ge will be defeated!"
"I still don't understand …"
The expressions of the direct subordinates behind Feng Ge did not look good. They did not expect Luo Zheng to burst out with such speed!
At this moment, Feng Ge's expression finally changed. However, there was no trace of depression or depression on her face. On the contrary, her brown eyes were full of excitement.
"Bang!"
She suddenly stood up and crashed into one of the direct subordinates.
This direct subordinate had been waiting on the boundary glyph array in case Her Highness Feng Ge needed to open the boundary, but he had not been used from beginning to end.
After being hit by Feng Ge, his entire body flew out of the boulder. He shouted in confusion, "Feng, Your Highness Feng … why …"
Feng Ge did not pay attention to him. She stepped into the boundary glyph array and released the aura of True Intent from her body. At the same time, her thin red lips trembled slightly.
Luo Zheng stood at the front of the boulder, his eyes fixed on Feng Ge.
Even though victory was in his hands, he did not let his guard down. When he saw Feng Ge's lips move slightly, a strange thought appeared in his mind.
Reading lips was not difficult for Luo Zheng, but he needed to think and judge. The next moment, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly contracted. He was probably the only one here who could understand what she was chanting!
Feng Ge had also comprehended the latter part of the Sword Essence of Eternity?
Wasn't it said that even Donghuang himself could not decipher the two Sanskrit tablets? This was different from the rumors!
But it was too late …
The lines on the boulder under Feng Ge's feet began to shine strangely. A thick halo of light shot out from the boulder.
As the barrier expanded, it even caused many of the narrow cracks to open up.
After the Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder hit the rapidly expanding boundary, it was pushed out by a powerful force. The boulder seemed to have been thrown out by a pair of strong hands and flew at high speed in the cave.
"What's happening now …"
"Isn't this game just a boulder collision? Why is it so different from what I experienced? "
"What a powerful boundary!"
The spectators were stunned. The battle between Luo Zheng and Feng Ge was indeed difficult for them to understand.
Not only them, but even Lin Zhanting, He Chi, and the others were also confused. First, Luo Zheng used a method they did not know of to control the boulder. Now, Feng Ge suddenly displayed the same ability?
Hence, He Chi, Lin Zhanting, and the old man who gave out the flags all looked at Qiu Yinhe. But seeing Qiu Yinhe's dumbfounded expression, they did not bother to ask. Qiu Yinhe probably did not know either.
"Whoosh …"
The wind whistled past everyone's ears. Chu Mo and the others gritted their teeth and clung to the boulder to prevent themselves from being thrown out. But their speed was too fast, and they were about to hit the other side of the cave.
Luo Zheng used the Strength Divine Dao to fix himself to the boulder. He did not have to worry about this. His feet slid lightly, and he also came to the boundary glyph array.
"Buzz!"
The Heart Flow Sword Sect's boulder also released a thick boundary. As soon as the boundary was released, it hit the cave wall and slowly stabilized after bouncing back.

Chapter 2827
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Final Impact
Feng Ge spoke as she stepped lightly on the Acceleration Talisman Array.
The giant rock that was originally drifting slowly turned into a beam of light and shot toward Luo Zheng. As the acceleration was too fast, two people behind Feng Ge were thrown off.
Whoosh!
Such high speed attracted the attention of Taiyi Mountain and Taixiu Mountain who were in the middle of a fierce battle.
"What a terrifying speed!" Song Feiyu mumbled.
"Such speed … Is that giant rock weightless?" Ling Shuang opened her mouth and was speechless.
Zhou Zhuo from Taixiu Mountain was also filled with fear as he watched Feng Ge's giant rock fly across the sky …
After discovering Luo Zheng, an opponent with great potential, Feng Ge no longer cared about being the first. She also did not care about the outcome of the battle between Taiyi Mountain and Taixiu Mountain.
Seeing Feng Ge coming straight for him, Luo Zheng's expression was unprecedentedly serious.
Someone from the Heavenly Palace must have deciphered the two Sanskrit characters on the yellow paper, but it was hard to say how much they had deciphered …
Luo Zheng chanted silently in his heart, and the white cyclone in his mind began to swirl again.
His current limit was a hundred words, and the white cyclone that he had just formed was only about ten words. As he chanted, the white cyclone in his mind grew larger and larger.
Hum …
The giant rock under Luo Zheng's feet shone brighter and brighter.
Seeing Feng Ge coming at him at an unstoppable speed, Luo Zheng stepped on the Control Talisman Array and Acceleration Talisman Array again.
Whoosh!
The giant rock under his feet also exploded with incredible speed, easily dodging Feng Ge's attack.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
After missing his attack, Feng Ge decisively turned around and chased after Luo Zheng again. As a result, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were in a chase.
But this time, the speed of the two of them had already exceeded everyone's imagination. It was no longer a chase between two enormous rocks, and it was completely two Nirvana Realm experts flying.
"Senior Brother Gao, are those stones weightless?" A Heart Flow Sword Sect disciple asked.
"Maybe not." Gao Qizheng looked at this scene with an incredulous smile on his face.
Gao Qizheng had asked Luo Zheng to come because he saw him as a replacement for Mo Yijian. However, if it had been Mo Yijian, the Heart Flow Sword Sect would have been eliminated long ago.
It was impossible for any disciple in the Heavenly Palace to be able to compete with Feng Ge. However, he had invited Luo Zheng to participate in the Seven Mountains Meeting on a whim. Perhaps this was also a coincidence of fate …
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others all stood up, frowning as they watched the scene below.
As people who had been in positions of power for a long time, their eyes were naturally very sharp. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's methods had already broken through the limit of comprehending with a single thought. The information hidden within was worth thinking about.
"Luo Zheng once went to the Sword Pavilion of True Will and borrowed that piece of yellow paper," Qiu Yinhe said.
Lin Zhanting and He Chi both raised their eyebrows when they heard this.
Many people in the Heavenly Palace knew about the origin of that piece of yellow paper. He Chi and Lin Zhanting had also borrowed it before. Of course, with their status, they naturally did not need to pay so many divine crystals.
However, many people had borrowed the yellow paper, but not a single one of them had seen any clues from it.
The Sword Intent of Eternity was already very perfect. One word more or less would not form it. There had even been a fierce debate about the last two Sanskrit pieces. Many people felt that the last two Sanskrit pieces were meaningless.
"Brother Yinhe, you mean that the two Sanskrit pieces are the continuation of the Sword Intent of Eternity, and Luo Zheng has deciphered them?" He Chi asked.
If this really happened, it would be enough to shock the entire Heavenly Palace.
"It's possible," Qiu Yinhe nodded.
"Then … what's going on with Feng Ge?" He Chi asked again.
Qiu Yinhe stared at Feng Ge on the huge rock and said, "Maybe Donghuang has made a breakthrough?"
Back then, Donghuang was unable to decipher it. The excellent interpreters in the Heavenly Palace were unable to decipher it, but it did not mean that they would never be able to decipher it.
The composition of Sanskrit was complex, and there were hundreds of millions of variations to choose from. One could spend an endless lifetime studying it for hundreds or even tens of millions of years. One could always hit one or two of the countless possibilities.
"The Imperial Sword Seal only responds to the True Will of the Dao. The most coincidental thing is that this has not happened for so many years. Today, it happened to Feng Ge and Luo Zheng at the same time. As far as I know, these two people have never crossed paths before," Qiu Yinhe said.
"Let's see who will win …" the old man who gave out the flags said.
"Boom!"
Another collision occurred in the cave. It was as if two experts had attacked with all their strength. The sound of the explosion reverberated in the cave …
Two people behind Luo Zheng were thrown out, and Feng Ge's loss was even greater. He directly threw out a group of people. There were only six people standing on her huge rock.
Even so, the fighting spirit in Feng Ge's eyes was still strong. After retreating a distance, she suddenly stopped and looked at Luo Zheng with a strange and calm expression. At the same time, her lips moved slightly. "You … have seen my father?"
Luo Zheng suddenly received Feng Ge's Zhenyuan sound transmission in his ear. He also felt a little strange, so he shook his head and replied, "No."
"Who are you trying to fool? Otherwise, who would have taught you the True Comprehension Chapter?" Feng Ge sneered.
"True Comprehension Chapter?"
Luo Zheng instantly understood. The True Comprehension Chapter that Feng Ge spoke of was the two Sanskrit pieces that had been deciphered.
It seemed that his guess was right. Donghuang himself had indeed deciphered a part of it.
"I don't know why my father taught you. If you want to win, you have to show all your sincerity …" Feng Ge fell into a certain state at this moment. Her originally white and clear face was stained with a faint red color.
"Buzz!"
The huge rock under her feet also began to tremble …
Luo Zheng felt the change in her aura. He immediately said to Chu Mo and the others behind him, "You guys … leave the huge rock."
"What?"
"Why do we have to leave?"
"We have to advance and retreat together with Junior Brother Luo!"
Chu Mo and the others couldn't understand Luo Zheng's request. They had already come to this point. How could they be willing to abandon Luo Zheng?
"Listen to me. I have confidence!" Luo Zheng urged. His tone didn't allow for any disobedience.
Chu Mo frowned and thought for a moment. Finally, he gritted his teeth and waved his hand. He led the remaining people on the huge rock and left.
After they left, the boulder sank a little, and Luo Zheng alone bore the weight of two hundred godly catties of force.
At the same time, Luo Zheng began to silently recite the True Comprehension Chapter. The size of the white cyclone in his mind also began to increase.
"Whoosh!"
Feng Ge stepped on the huge rock and suddenly shot into the sky. He almost touched the ceiling of the cave. Then, he began to accelerate from a tricky angle. He turned into a comet falling from the sky and smashed towards Luo Zheng's head.

Chapter 2828
A Cheap Trick
At this moment, no one was paying attention to who would emerge as champion of the Seven Mountains Meeting.
All the spectators wanted to know was who would emerge victorious between Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Two boulders weighing two hundred Godly tons were moving at such speeds. No matter which mountain the elites were on, they would all die without a doubt.
Even Ling Xi and the others in the Land of Sword Grief were shocked when they saw this scene.
"Seeing the performance of these up-and-coming elites, I feel a sense of crisis …."
"I participated in the Seven Mountains Meeting before, but I'm still far from their level!"
Boom!
The two boulders collided head-on in midair. At the same time, the elites directly under Feng Ge were all flung away and smashed into the distant mountain wall, all of them heavily injured.
When Chu Mo and the others saw this, they finally understood why Luo Zheng wanted them to leave.
At this moment, only Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were still firmly fixed to the boulders.
The instant the boulders bounced off each other, the two of them once again stood on the formation array. Their thoughts were the same. In the face of such a violent collision, the most important thing was to activate the formation array.
Boom boom boom ….
The two boulders had already bounced off the walls of the cave with lightning speed, creating enormous craters.
Rubble tumbled down, and dust rustled ….
Everyone raised their heads and looked to the sides, but they didn't see a single boulder flying out.
At this moment, Ling Xi released her Divine Sense and passed through the rolling dust.
Her eyes brightened slightly, and she raised her hand. "His Highness Feng Ge … is eliminated!"
Whoosh ….
The crowd below immediately boiled over.
Feng Ge's performance this time was so strong that it was almost impossible to defeat him, but in the end, he was still eliminated!
Gao Qizheng and the others looked at Ling Xi nervously.
If Ling Xi announced that the Heart Flow Sword Sect was also eliminated, then Luo Zheng's efforts would have been in vain.
Ling Shuang also looked to the side of the mountain wall with a worried expression, her eyes filled with worry.
After such a violent collision, Luo Zheng wouldn't be injured, right?
Song Feiyu of the Taiyi Mountain Sect and Zhou Zhuo of the Taixiu Mountain Sect were full of anticipation. As long as Luo Zheng was eliminated, the competition between them would disappear. The two major sword sects only needed to compete for first and second place.
Ling Shuang stared at Luo Zheng's side, her brows slightly furrowed, revealing a hint of hesitation. "This …."
She didn't know whether Luo Zheng was eliminated or not... as she was hesitating..........
In the big hole on the wall, a layer of enchantment spread out from the surface of the huge rock. Luo Zheng, who was at the innermost part of the enchantment, pressed his hands on the enchantment runes, and his whole body lay between the wall and the huge rock!
...................................................................
....... Feng Ge may not care about the rewards of the Seven Mountains Trial, but those rewards were still very important to Luo Zheng, especially the Paramita Token made from the sealed stone!
In the end, he chose to use his body to bear a considerable amount of the impact.
This method was more or less similar to what Gao Qizheng had done before.
However, Gao Qizheng had completely left the giant rock. Once he left, he would be eliminated.
Luo Zheng didn't leave the giant rock. At least, his hands were still pressed against the giant rock's barrier, but his feet were still standing on the wall of the cave.
Ling Xi began to feel conflicted about such a decision. In the end, she still looked to the top of the cave for help.
Soon, she received an answer. "The Heart Flow Sword Sect is not eliminated!"
"Wow!"
The spectators around the cave burst into an uproar again.
Gao Qizheng and the others were so happy that they jumped up, unable to contain their joy.
The elites of the Murdering Sword Sect and the Peerless Sword Sect hung their heads, their faces full of despair.
They didn't know how the Heart Flow Sword Sect had been so lucky all these years …
They had tried their best to stop them, and even such a terrifying Feng Ge had appeared halfway, but they couldn't stop the Heart Flow Sword Sect at all.
"Dong!"
Feng Ge kicked the giant rock on the other side of the cave, and it rolled to the bottom of the cave.
Even with the rolling dust, Feng Ge's sleeves were still spotless.
The expression on her face was frozen again, but the look in her eyes couldn't be concealed.
"At the crucial moment, he used his body to block the giant rock. He's so confident in his body …" Feng Ge knew that his loss was justified.
The moment Feng Ge crashed into the mountain wall, he also thought of this plan.
However, the kinetic energy of the giant rock was too terrifying. It was very likely that he would be seriously injured or even killed. Looking at Luo Zheng's unscathed appearance, it meant that he was confident.
Luo Zheng dragged the 200-kilogram rock and slowly floated toward the metal mountain.
Other than letting Luo Zheng have the Gravity Rune, they didn't dare to move at all …
"But can Luo Zheng bear the weight of 400 Kilograms alone?" Song Feiyu and the others looked doubtful.
After fusing with the second Gravity Rune, the weight doubled again. It usually took more than ten people to lift it to the top of the metal mountain.
"It'll be great if he can't lift it! Hahaha! "The people of Mount Taixiu were also full of anticipation.
After Luo Zheng fused with the second gravity rune, the boulder once again abruptly sank downwards. However, after sinking a few feet, Luo Zheng forcibly pulled it back up.
"Re … Freak!"
"What terrifying power!"
"Did he fuse with a strengthening Paramita Token?"
Actually, with Luo Zheng carrying the 400-kilogram rock alone, Song Feiyu and Zhou Zhuo obviously had a chance.
However, on the one hand, they also understood that taking advantage of the situation would probably cause them to be cursed. On the other hand, they weren't confident of winning, so they didn't make a move.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng flew to the top of the metal mountain and threw the giant rock into the tray at the top. Then, he stood on the giant rock and raised his arm.
"Wow!"
Gao Qizheng and the other elites of the Heart Sword Sect also raised their hands and roared.
The others also kept clapping. Everyone's reaction was very excited.
Song Feiyu looked at Zhou Zhuo provocatively. "Do we still need to determine the winner?"
The most generous reward in the Seven Mountains Trial was first place. The difference between second and third place wasn't that big. Zhou Zhuo was good at calculation. Even if he had a 50% chance of getting second place, it was still not worth the risk of being eliminated.
"Brother Feiyu, please." Zhou Zhuo cupped his hands.
Thus, Song Feiyu led Mount Taiyi to absorb the Gravity Rune and threw the giant rock of Mount Taiyi on the second tray. Mount Taixiu got third place.
The people in the cave didn't leave. They all looked at the top.
After a while, Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and Hechi floated down from the top and slowly landed beside Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng greets seniors." Luo Zheng cupped his hands and bowed. He had seen all four seniors before.
The only thing that surprised him was that the old man who distributed the flags in Dragon City also came.

Chapter 2829
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Rewards
When Luo Zheng had first entered the Heavenly Palace, Lin Zhanting had argued with Qiu Yinhe.
Although Lin Zhanting was joking, he was more or less regretful. Just based on Luo Zheng's performance in the Seven Mountains Meeting, Taiyi Mountain should not have given in.
"It's not a matter of confidence. Have you predicted their performance?" Qiu Yinhe retorted.
The methods Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had displayed on the giant rock had never been seen before. No one could use past experience to determine the success or failure of the other.
Whether it was Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, Yang Zhanting, or Lin Zhanting, they were all suspicious of Feng Ge and Luo Zheng's methods of controlling the talisman matrix, but it was naturally inconvenient for them to show it now.
And since Luo Zheng had used the "True Comprehension Chapter" that Feng Ge had mentioned, he was naturally mentally prepared. If Qiu Yinhe really did ask, he would be able to respond.
The topic came to an end here.
Next, He Chi announced, "The first place of this Seven Mountains Meeting is the Heart Flow Sword Sect, the second place is Taiyi Mountain, and the third place is Taixiu Mountain. Please come up and receive your rewards!"
Gao Qizheng and the others were already itching to move. As soon as He Chi announced this, the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Taiyi Mountain, and Taixiu Mountain who had been left behind all flew towards the metal mountain.
"Taixiu Mountain first!" He Chi said.
The twenty elites of Taixiu Mountain gathered around He Chi and extended their palms to him.
He Chi's lips moved slightly, and he extended his hand to slap those palms.
With each slap, a few simple lines were left on their palms.
Luo Zheng saw these lines and his eyes lit up. "These are soul marks?"
He Chi smiled. "Of course. With these soul marks, you can go to the Heavenly Palace Temple in three days and receive a soul crystal."
The soul mark Luo Zheng received from the Heart Flow Sword Sect was a small medallion with syllables recorded on it. It would only appear if one chanted it. He Chi had not expected it to appear so easily.
Things like soul marks were common knowledge to these elite disciples. If it was someone else who asked such a childish question, the elites of Mount Taixiu would probably laugh at them.
However, the person who asked this question was Luo Zheng. Naturally, they didn't dare to answer, but they couldn't help but mutter in their hearts.
After the disciples of Taixiu Mountain received their soul tags, they retreated to the side. It was Taiyi Mountain's turn again.
After everyone from the Taiyi Mountain Sect received their soul crystals, Gao Qizheng led them forward and cupped his hands at He Chi. "Lord He Chi, please give half of our Heart Flow Sword Sect's soul crystals to Luo Zheng."
Soul crystals were so rare that even direct descendants like Ling Shuang and Xu Youwei valued them greatly. Gao Qizheng's sudden request surprised He Chi. He asked in return, "Are you sure?"
"Back then, when we wanted to persuade Luo Zheng to fight, we already had such an agreement," Gao Qizheng said seriously.
Gao Qizheng and the others had also contributed a lot to Mo Yijian's victory in the previous Seven Mountains Trial. However, it was completely different this time. It was almost as if Luo Zheng was carrying the entire Heart Flow Sword Sect on his shoulders. Even if they gave all of it to Luo Zheng, he would be convinced, let alone half of it.
"Since that's the case, I'll do it." He Chi nodded and made some slight changes to the soul mark on his finger.
Then, Gao Qizheng and the others stretched out their palms one by one and gently touched He Chi's palm.
When it was Luo Zheng's turn, He Chi changed the soul mark on his palm again. After patting Luo Zheng's hand, the soul mark was left on his palm.
"Although we don't have many soul crystals stored in the Heavenly Palace, the Seven Mountains Trial provided far more than any other trial. You've taken almost half of it all by yourself … Hehe, use these soul crystals well!" He Chi laughed.
Whether it was the people from Mount Taixiu or Mount Taiyi, they all looked envious when they heard this. Absorbing so many soul crystals would probably bring about a qualitative leap to one's soul!
After everyone received the soul crystals, they had no intention of leaving.
At this moment, He Chi took out three longswords from his Sumeru Ring. "These three Nirvana Realm treasures are awarded to all of you in my name."
The three longswords in He Chi's hand were first-rate, second-rate, and third-rate Nirvana Realm treasures.
The conditions to create a Nirvana Realm treasure were extremely harsh. Even these elites mostly had Mystique Venerable Grade treasures.
He Chi distributed the third-rate and second-rate Nirvana Realm treasures to Mount Taixiu and Mount Taiyi. As for the last longsword, it was pitch-black from the hilt to the blade. On the pitch-black blade, there were faint patterns of birds.
"This is the first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure created by Feng Shi!" Luo Zheng stared at the black sword and was slightly moved.
"This Phoenix Seal Sword has been with me for many years. I've offered it to you for this Seven Mountains Trial." He Chi stroked the blade several times and handed it to Gao Qizheng.
Gao Qizheng did not hesitate and threw it to Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng again!" Ling Shuang chuckled. "Gao Qizheng, you paid a hefty price to invite Luo Zheng!"
Gao Qizheng scratched his head embarrassedly and smiled. "Looks like our foresight is quite accurate, haha …"
For these elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, they were not only competing for rewards but more importantly for glory. To be able to keep the first place of the Seven Mountains Trial for two consecutive sessions in the Heart Flow Sword Sect was an unprecedented feat on Mount Taiyi.
Qiu Yinhe watched as Luo Zheng gently stroked the Phoenix Seal Sword and felt a little strange. It would be normal for other people to value a Nirvana Realm treasure so much, but Luo Zheng had a Connate Realm treasure in his hands.
After He Chi gave out the rewards, everyone could leave the cave on their own. There was a feast on the top of the mountain, which Lingxi and the others were naturally in charge of.
Just as everyone was going back the way they came, He Chi called out to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Feng Ge frowned slightly. With her status, even if she wanted to leave, He Chi and the others would not dare to make things difficult for her. Moreover, she knew why He Chi had asked her to stay.
However, Feng Ge was also curious as to how Luo Zheng could comprehend the [True Comprehension Chapter], and seemed to have comprehended more than her, so she simply stayed where she was.
In the blink of an eye, there were only six people left in the originally bustling cave.
Qiu Yinhe waved his finger and the boulders flew up from all directions. At the same time, all the formations on them began to flicker and gather around the metal mountain.
"The talisman formations on these boulders were all modified by the Imperial Sword Seal, but even if I personally did it, it would still be inferior to Her Highness Feng Ge. This old man is indeed curious, so I'll take the liberty to ask, did His Majesty make a breakthrough?"
Luo Zheng agreed with Qiu Yinhe's words. This was similar to his conjecture.

Chapter 2830
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Testing the waters
"Even His Highness Feng Ge can't see Donghuang himself?" Qiu Yinhe was surprised.
Donghuang had indeed not shown himself for a long time.
It was common for such a person to be in seclusion for hundreds or thousands of years, but the world was in a very sensitive stage.
The leaders of many major forces were moving around, but Donghuang was the only one who was in seclusion. It was a bit strange.
"Since that's the case, how does His Highness Feng Ge control these boulders?" Qiu Yinhe asked again.
Feng Ge shrugged. She was not afraid to tell them these things. "There was a piece of paper. When I was cultivating in the palace, Yao Yue gave it to me. There were 63 words in total. It was written on the paper. This was the True Comprehension Chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent!"
Hearing Feng Ge's report, Qiu Yinhe and the others were surprised again.
"True Comprehension Chapter!"
"Donghuang really has a new understanding. He deciphered 63 words. It's already very rare."
"…"
Seeing their surprised expressions, Feng Ge said straightforwardly, "You also want to cultivate the True Comprehension Chapter?"
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others all cupped their hands and said, "We don't dare."
The True Comprehension Chapter was Donghuang's painstaking effort, and they were all subordinates of the Heavenly Palace. Without Donghuang's permission, even if Feng Ge really handed over the 63 words, they would not dare to cultivate it.
"Then that's it. What's the point of keeping me here? If you really want to comprehend the True Comprehension Chapter, you can just directly find Imperial Father," Feng Ge said straightforwardly. The arrogance on her face grew thicker and thicker. She had never held back when speaking.
As soon as she said this, Lin Zhanting and the others all looked embarrassed. They were all powerful cultivators who had been famous in the Heavenly Palace for a long time, but this little girl made it sound like they were coveting her True Comprehension Chapter. For a moment, no one answered. After all, Feng Ge's identity and status were special.
But Luo Zheng was not used to hearing this. He frowned and said, "The elders are just asking for the reason. How do you know they want to cultivate the True Comprehension Chapter? His Highness Feng Ge's words are too petty. "
As for Feng Ge's lack of etiquette, Luo Zheng didn't hold back.
"Hmph, the Eternal Sword Intent is a Divine Ability of the Divine Ability, and the True Comprehension Chapter makes up for all its shortcomings. If you comprehend all of it, you can reach a whole new level. The True Comprehension Chapter is a supreme Divine Ability of the Divine Ability, and who can overlook it!"
In the Heavenly Palace, the elders did not argue with Feng Ge, and no one in the same generation dared to make her lose face. However, she had just lost to Luo Zheng, and now she was being criticized by Luo Zheng to her face. How could she be willing to back down?
Feng Ge's explanation of the Dharma referred to the principles of the True Meanings of the Great Daos.
The True Meaning of the Path itself did not contain energy, but they were the most basic techniques that could unleash the power of the Nirvana Token to the greatest extent.
As for the various divine abilities created according to the True Meaning of the Dao, it was actually a kind of supplement to the "Dao Interpretation".
Since the True Comprehension Chapter could carry the latter part of the Eternal Sword Intent, its value was indeed immeasurable. Feng Ge was aware of this, and so were Qiu Yinhe and Hechi. Of course, Luo Zheng was also aware of this.
However, looking at Feng Ge's proud face, Luo Zheng sneered, "It's only 63 words, and you think you've obtained the world's most precious treasure! But you don't know that in the eyes of others, it's worthless! "
As he spoke, he looked at Qiu Yinhe and said, "Seniors, do you have any brushes and ink?"
Qiu Yinhe, Hechi, and the others, as well as the old man who handed out the flags, looked at each other. The old man suddenly laughed heartily, "I do!"
The old man waved his hand, and a roll of white rice paper slowly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The other brush also flew towards Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng took the brush in his hand, Feng Ge frowned, "Imperial Father passed on the True Comprehension Chapter to you. How dare you casually share it with others!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng snorted coldly. The brush and ink in his hand danced like dragons and phoenixes as he wrote, "When I first entered the Heavenly Palace, I learned that Emperor Donghuang used his unparalleled talent to obtain the Eternal Sword Intent, benefiting the world and establishing the orthodox human race. I couldn't help but admire him!"
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Vigorous and powerful handwriting appeared on the white rice paper.
Under Feng Ge's gaze, his eyes were covered with a layer of haze. She was sure that Luo Zheng's True Comprehension Chapter was obtained from Emperor Donghuang. In this world, except for her father, no one could decipher it.
Therefore, the True Comprehension Chapter written by Luo Zheng must have been imparted by Emperor Donghuang himself. What he did was a great crime of disrespect!
But these elders were here, so it was inconvenient for Feng Ge to make a move. He just felt more and more sullen in his heart.
Qiu Yinhe originally wanted to stop Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng's True Comprehension Chapter was indeed imparted by Emperor Donghuang, then Luo Zheng would have to bear a great crime. Even Qiu Yinhe and the others would be punished.
But on second thought, since Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, Qiu Yinhe knew every detail of it like the back of his hand. It was impossible for him to have come into contact with Emperor Donghuang himself, especially since Luo Zheng had rented that yellow paper!
From this point of view, it was more likely that Luo Zheng had deciphered the True Comprehension Chapter by himself. But looking back, it was still inconceivable.
Under Luo Zheng's unceasing writing, the four elders present also recited it silently in their hearts.
Their souls were much stronger than Luo Zheng's and Feng Ge's. When they recited it at the beginning, they also encountered that incomparably sharp sword ray. But this sword ray couldn't be released before it was forcibly extinguished in the depths of their minds.
But whether it was Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, Yang, or Chi Yi, they were all very surprised. A mere dozen words could erupt with such a sword ray. As expected of the True Comprehension Chapter!
Luo Zheng wrote from the first word to the hundredth word in one breath before stopping. At the same time, he glanced at Feng Ge, shook his head, and said, "It's a pity that the descendant of Emperor Donghuang doesn't have this kind of awareness."
"You!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's last sentence, she bit her lip. Clearly, she was extremely angry.
But she also had a strong curiosity about the True Comprehension Chapter!
Luo Zheng's hundred words had far exceeded her sixty-three words. It was no wonder that he performed so well on the giant rock.
"What about me?" Luo Zheng continued, "Emperor Donghuang placed the yellow paper in the True Meaning Sword Pavilion to borrow the people of the world to decipher the last two Sanskrit words. Does His Highness Feng Ge really think that Emperor Donghuang is the only one in the world who can decipher those two Sanskrit words?"
Feng Ge was originally not good with words. His rebuke made Feng Ge even more speechless.
In a rage out of humiliation, she actually rushed forward, grabbed the white paper in her hands, and tore it into pieces. Then, she ran away.
Qiu Yinhe and the others didn't stop Feng Ge …
They remembered every word that Luo Zheng wrote in their minds. It didn't matter whether they had that piece of paper or not.
Looking at Feng Ge's back, Qiu Yinhe laughed softly and said, "Luo Zheng spent most of his time cultivating in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, but he did learn 99% of Idealism. But offending His Highness Feng Ge like this isn't too good, is it?"
Chi Yi waved his hand and said confidently, "It doesn't matter. Emperor Donghuang is magnanimous, and he has more than one daughter. He won't mind."
He was not only comforting Luo Zheng, but also supporting Luo Zheng. Tian Jiedu had a lot of weight in the Heavenly Palace, far more than those princes and princesses. So what if he offended one or two of them?
"How did Luo Zheng decipher these two Sanskrit words? Did he only decipher these hundred words?" Qiu Yinhe asked again.

Chapter 2831
Making a request
The Eternal Sword Intent was the foundation of Greater One Heavenly Palace, and had a profound influence on this branch of the Human Race.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi and the others were moved by this!
Luo Zheng was already very generous to take out a hundred characters, how could Qiu Yinhe and the others think it was too much? They were eager for Luo Zheng to write out all the characters in the [True Comprehension Chapter].
Now that Luo Zheng understood the position of Greater One Heavenly Palace, he was also happy to grow here, and even integrate into this branch of the Human Race. After all, Jiuli no longer existed, and if he really wanted to revive it, not only was his strength far from enough, his influence was also minimal...
And the [True Comprehension Chapter] was an opportunity that could be used.
"Seniors, I have more than a hundred characters," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
Luo Zheng's answer immediately gave the four of them great hope. If the [True Comprehension Chapter] was completely deciphered, what kind of method of interpretation would they obtain?
"How many characters?" Qiu Yinhe quickly asked.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "150 characters, the rest have not been deciphered yet."
"It's already 150 words!"
"But you deciphered it yourself?"
"Did someone else do it?"
Qiu Yinhe and the others repeatedly asked.
For existences like them, it was rare for them to show such an attitude. After all, the [True Comprehension Chapter] was too important, and if it appeared, it might even change the current weak position of the Heavenly Palace!
"I deciphered it myself, but 150 characters is already the limit. The composition of the Sanskrit behind it is too complicated, so I haven't been able to decipher it yet," Luo Zheng replied.
Luo Zheng had already thought of this excuse.
The [True Comprehension Chapter] originally belonged to the Heavenly Palace, and the Heavenly Palace treated Luo Zheng well. Sooner or later, he would give the deciphered version to the Heavenly Palace, but before that, it was not too much to fight for some benefits for himself.
Luo Zheng of course could not reveal the matter of Luo Nian, otherwise they would tirelessly surround him, and even use some unknown means to get Luo Nian out.
Thus, he decided to take on everything himself. It wouldn't be too late to clear Luo Nian's name after he left his inner world.
Qiu Yinhe and the others didn't believe it. The translators in the Heavenly Palace who deciphered Sanskrit were studying Sanskrit all day long. How could Luo Zheng look like a translator?
But in the end, the True Comprehension Chapter was provided by Luo Zheng. Regardless of whether the True Comprehension Chapter was deciphered by him or someone else, they couldn't question it.
"Luo Zheng, are you sure you can decipher the rest of the content?" Lin Zhanting asked with concern.
Luo Zheng said cautiously, "There are too many uncertainties when it comes to deciphering Sanskrit. I don't dare to say that I'm 100% sure."
Luo Zheng didn't give them a hundred percent guarantee.
"Then, can we have a look at the content of the 150 words?" He Chi asked as well.
As long as it was the content of the True Comprehension Chapter, even a single word was extremely valuable.
"When I return to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, I will write down the 150 words. If you want to have a look, you can come to the Heart Flow Sword Sect and take it," Luo Zheng nodded.
Seeing how generous Luo Zheng was, He Chi, Lin Zhanting, and the others were a little embarrassed. They were also the mainstays of the Heavenly Palace, and yet they were eagerly asking for something from a junior. Although it was not proper, it was understandable.
He Chi thought for a while and said, "The 150 words of the True Comprehension Chapter is extremely rare. We can't take it for free. How about this, you can make a request of each of us. How about that?"
Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting weren't stingy people. Since He Chi had said so, they nodded. Qiu Yinhe even said, "Whatever you lack, you can ask."
Since they had taken the initiative to ask, Luo Zheng didn't want to refuse. He asked, "Are there any Nirvana Realm treasures in the Heavenly Palace that are made from sealed stones?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's request, the four of them looked at each other.
Nirvana Realm treasures were rare, but for people like them, it wasn't difficult to get one or two. However, there were too few Nirvana Realm tokens made from sealed stones. This was because sealed stones could only be found by chance.
"Didn't I just give you the Luan Sword Award at the Seven Mountains Meeting? Do you still need a Nirvana Realm treasure made from sealed stones?" He Chi thought for a while and quickly grasped the main point. What Luo Zheng wanted was probably not the Nirvana Realm treasure, but the sealed stones themselves.
However, sealed stones were too special. Other than being used to make weapons, they couldn't be moved. Even if Luo Zheng wanted to find sealed stones, he could only look for Nirvana Realm treasures.
"What do you want sealed stones for?" Qiu Yinhe looked at Luo Zheng in confusion. He remembered that Jinwu was indeed fighting with the Heavenly Palace for a sealed stone in Biyun City. However, Luo Zheng's purpose in going to Guanshan Prefecture was only for merits.
However, after the sealed stone was dissolved by the Family Su, it was lost in Phoenix's pursuit. This was a suspicious point. However, even if Luo Zheng obtained the solution for the sealed stone, he couldn't do anything without the Family Su's Weapon Refining Formation.
"I need this stone for cultivation. If seniors can help me find it, I'll be very grateful," Luo Zheng answered honestly.
Luo Zheng understood that there were some things that couldn't be hidden. Since he had asked the seniors to find the sealed stone, he didn't need to hide it.
"What kind of cultivation method … You actually need sealed stones!" He Chi exclaimed.
"You're using yourself as a treasure to cultivate!" Qiu Yinhe laughed.
Lin Zhanting thought of Luo Zheng's special ability. After all, his son was saved by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's body was really different from ordinary people. However, it was still very strange to use sealed stones for cultivation.
"I know of a Nirvana Realm treasure made from sealed stones," the elder who gave out the flags suddenly said, "And it's in the Center God Province."
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He cupped his hands and said, "Senior, please tell me."
"That sealed stone was passed down from other foreign tribes. It's a war hammer. However, the craftsmanship is very poor. A sealed stone can create a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure with 100% certainty. However, this war hammer is only a third-rate Nirvana Realm treasure … I can help you with this request!" the elder said confidently.
"Thank you, senior," Luo Zheng thanked him and said at the same time, "I've been in Dragon City for a long time. I've met you many times, but I've never asked for your name."
When he was in Dragon City, Luo Zheng had already seen that the elder's cultivation was extraordinary. However, he had asked Yin Yuehuan and the others, but they didn't know anything.
This person could talk and laugh with Qiu Yinhe and the others. It was impossible for him to be unknown in the Heavenly Palace.
Qiu Yinhe smiled at the side, "I still can't tell you the name of this senior. However, you can call him Elder Hai."
Luo Zheng thanked him again and left with satisfaction.
Although He Chi asked Luo Zheng to make a request to each of them, Luo Zheng knew when to stop.

Chapter 2832
Visit
After leaving the cave, Luo Zheng returned to the hall.
The elites who had not received any rewards had all left.
Only the people from Taiyi Mountain, Heart Flow Sword Sect, and Taixiu Mountain remained.
As soon as Luo Zheng appeared, Ling Shuang walked forward, blinking her large eyes and smiling. "It seems like you're hiding something from me!"
Ling Shuang had thought that she was the one who understood Luo Zheng the most in the Heavenly Palace, but now it seemed that she did not.
These elites were not blind. If Qiu Yinhe and the others could see it, then Ling Shuang and the others could as well.
The talisman array on the boulder was formed by the Imperial Sword Seal, so the problem must lie in the True Meaning of the Dao.
And whether it was Luo Zheng or Feng Ge's performance, they had surpassed the ability to comprehend the Dao with a single thought. There must be some methods that they did not know about.
Luo Zheng smiled gently. "When it's time to let Ling Shuang know, I'll naturally tell you."
Ling Shuang was lively, but she was not an unreasonable person. She blinked and then asked, "How did you offend His Highness Feng Ge?"
"I offended her?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Ling Shuang nodded. "She had a very ugly expression when she came out! If someone mentioned your name, she would slap them! "
Ling Shuang pointed to a pillar not far from the hall. There were burn marks on one side. Clearly, someone had fought here.
Some people guessed that it was because Luo Zheng had defeated Feng Ge, which made Feng Ge angry. Ling Shuang did not think so. At least, before Ling Shuang left the cave, Feng Ge's emotions had been very stable.
"Maybe there was a misunderstanding …" Luo Zheng realized that he had written part of the True Meaning of the Enlightenment Chapter, which had indeed made Feng Ge very angry.
Even so, Luo Zheng did not think that he had done anything wrong.
His True Meaning Chapter was not deciphered by Donghuang. After Nian 'er deciphered it, what did it have to do with her who Luo Zheng wanted to give it to?
"No matter what kind of misunderstanding it is, you have to be careful. After all, her status is different …" Ling Shuang reminded him softly. She was afraid that Feng Ge would really think of some way to take revenge on Luo Zheng.
Although Donghuang had more than one daughter, Feng Ge was considered the most outstanding one in recent years. His status in the Heavenly Palace was indeed very special.
At the end of the Seven Mountains Party, Gao Qizheng, Chu Mo, and the others were naturally very excited. It was late into the night before they boarded the flying boat and returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
The Heart Flow Sword Sect was also jubilant when they heard that the Seven Mountains Party had won again.
This was because in addition to the rewards from He Chi, the Heavenly Palace would also provide resources to the Heart Flow Sword Sect in the next three years. This was a good thing that benefited everyone, so it was naturally worth celebrating.
In the independent courtyard, balls of light transformed into colorful butterflies that danced in the courtyard.
Mo Yijian sat cross-legged, and with a gentle wave of his hand, all the butterflies gathered from all directions. Those butterflies of light seemed to be obeying orders, and their movements were uniform.
Under the eaves, the slender "Han 'er" quietly appeared.
When she saw the butterflies, she was surprised.
"The Phosphorescent Butterfly is famous for being difficult to control, but Yijian has mastered it so easily!"
The Phosphorescent Butterfly was also a Nirvana Realm Token of the 13th Heaven, and it was a Descending Nirvana Realm Token. It was very difficult to bear this Nirvana Realm Token, and even if one could bear it, it was extremely difficult to use it.
Mo Yijian opened his eyes and stretched out his finger. A disc landed on his finger, and at the same time, he said, "The Heart Flow Sword Sect has won again this year."
"Han 'er" smiled and said, "Brother Yijian has been cultivating all this time, but you are more informed than I am!"
The news of the Seven Mountains Party was spread all over the main peaks, so she naturally knew about it. However, how to tell Mo Yijian was a headache.
"Many people in the Divine Temple are also spreading the news, so I naturally heard about it," Mo Yijian said.
Mo Yijian had single-handedly led the Heart Flow Sword Sect to win three years ago, and again three years later, but this time, the leader was Luo Zheng.
Therefore, many people were amazed by the Heart Flow Sword Sect as the news spread like wildfire.
The Heart Flow Sword Sect was not considered the top among the many Sword Sects in the Heavenly Palace, but they had produced many extraordinary people!
"Yes," Han 'er thought and said, "It is said that this time, the Heart Flow Sword Sect relied entirely on Luo Zheng. Gao Qizheng was left behind from the beginning, and he even defeated Feng Ge."
"He defeated Feng Ge in a game," Mo Yijian corrected her.
"Yes, in a game," Han 'er smiled and comforted him, "Don't feel pressured."
Even Mo Yijian could not fathom Feng Ge's true strength, and he was one of his opponents in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
"There has always been pressure," Mo Yijian said seriously, "I was not the most outstanding person in the Heavenly Palace, and there have always been people who could compete with me for a place. Now, there is only one more person, Luo Zheng … but according to the rumors, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge seem to have used special methods to control the boulders?"
As he spoke, he looked confused.
He had a perfect compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent, so his control of the boulders should have reached its limit. How could Luo Zheng and Feng Ge surpass this limit? It was impossible for such a thing to happen.
"This is why I came to find you," Han 'er said with pursed lips.
"You know the reason?" Mo Yijian looked concerned.
Han 'er nodded, "Rumor has it that Donghuang broke the next chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent."
Hearing her words, Mo Yijian's face revealed a shocked expression. As a One Thought Dao Cultivator, he knew the significance of this news better than anyone else.
After thinking for a while, he asked, "If Feng Ge could get these chapters from Donghuang, then where did Luo Zheng get them?"
Luo Zheng had always been in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, so how could he have the opportunity to meet Donghuang?
"I don't know, but as far as I know, Luo Zheng should have mastered more chapters than Feng Ge, so he was able to defeat Feng Ge at the Seven Mountains Meeting," Han 'er added.
Mo Yijian could no longer sit still. When Mo Yijian had to choose from the Three Great Sword Sects, his Heart Flow Sword Sect was the weakest and the most difficult, while the Murdering Sword Sect was simpler and more violent, but after reaching great success, the Heart Flow Sword Sect was stronger than both the Murdering Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect, so Mo Yijian joined the Heart Flow Sword Sect without hesitation.
He had always been pursuing the strongest Sword Dao, and he had never disappointed anyone. The next chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent was like a shining treasure that attracted him.
"It is said that after the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were detained by Hechi, Qiu Yinhe, and the other seniors. It is very likely that they are investigating this matter. I wonder if Donghuang will make this public," Han 'er said.
If the second chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent was completely deciphered, it would have a great impact on the Celestial Palace. Donghuang would not hide it.

Chapter 2833
A foolish challenger.
Han'er was probably used to Mo Yijian's willfulness. She turned her head and smiled, "Luo Zheng is right next door. If you want to know, go ask him yourself!"
The Heart Flow Sword Sect did not have many independent courtyards, and they were not far apart. Mo Yijian only needed to walk a few steps to visit.
Mo Yijian thought for a moment, then said, "I'll go!"
The Eternal Sword Intent was like the soul of a sword cultivator, and the continuation was the essence of the essence. If he could not comprehend it, he would not be able to endure it for even a moment.
"You're really going …"
"But you threatened him!"
"What if he chases you out?"
"And these rumors are just guesses. Maybe he and Feng Ge have other methods to move the boulder!"
Mo Yijian really did walk toward the entrance of the courtyard while Han'er tried to persuade him from behind.
Ever since he returned from the Seven Mountain Gathering, Luo Zheng felt that he had no more peaceful days.
The elders of the Heart Flow Sword Sect gave him another round of rewards, and Gao Qizheng and Chu Mo sent him endless invitations. Luo Zheng could not bear it any longer.
After two days of peace, that 'Elder Hai' who had given out the banners appeared in Luo Zheng's courtyard. A massive war hammer smashed into the center of the courtyard.
"Elder Hai … you got this hammer so quickly! I wonder how many divine crystals you spent. This disciple has to pay, "Luo Zheng said in surprise.
This war hammer had been around for a long time. Elder Hai had probably spent a lot of effort to find it just from the clues in his memories.
"There's no need for divine crystals. A hundred and fifty words will do," Elder Hai said with a smile.
In the end, the other party was an important figure that he could not fathom. He did not care about divine crystals. Luo Zheng understood and handed a stack of paper to Elder Hai.
After Elder Hai left, Luo Zheng picked up the war hammer and returned to his room.
Besides the war hammer, there was also the Luan Sealing Sword by his side.
Although the two magic treasures differed greatly in appearance, they were both pitch-black and made of Sealing Stone.
"A transcendent artifact forged from Sealing Stone is incomparably sturdy. How can it be absorbed …"
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, he suddenly thought of an important question.
Putting aside the transcendent artifact forged from the Sealing Stone, even the Sealing Stone itself was incomparably sturdy. Within Jade Cloud City, no one could destroy the Sealing Stone. They could only rely on the Nine Edges Refining Array to slowly refine it.
If he wanted to fuse with the Sealing Stone like last time, wouldn't he have to refine it as well?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng gently flicked his finger. A wisp of flame quietly rose and burned the sledgehammer.
"You must be dreaming …"
9527's voice suddenly came out.
"I'm just giving it a try …"
Luo Zheng chuckled and put out the flame with some embarrassment. Using the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao to melt these dao treasures was indeed no different from a dream.
"Just go to the Family Su. They shouldn't refuse," 9527 advised.
Those people from the Family Su hadn't really died. They could still set up the Nine Edges Refining Array. Going to the Family Su was indeed a good choice.
"But last time I absorbed the Sealing Stone Solution …" Luo Zheng looked hesitant.
Such a huge dispute had occurred in Jade Cloud City because of a Sealing Stone. In the end, his whereabouts were unknown. The Family Su would probably investigate because of this.
"So what? They don't know that you absorbed the Sealing Stone Solution. Even if they knew, they wouldn't be able to do anything to you. Don't forget how important you are now, hehe. "9527 laughed.
Although 9527 didn't directly praise Luo Zheng, he was very certain of Luo Zheng's actions.
By taking out a part of the True Comprehension Chapter, he could establish his position in a short time.
If Luo Zheng was a talented new star that Qiu Yinhe introduced to the Heavenly Palace in the beginning, then he was now a super genius that could push the Heavenly Palace to the next level. The latter was definitely much more important than the former.
9527's opinion of Luo Zheng was definitely not limited to this. In the beginning, it didn't think much of the Sealing Stone Solution. However, when it discovered that Luo Zheng could fuse with this thing, it also realized that there was something unusual about it. That was why it suggested that Luo Zheng go to the Family Su.
"Looks like I can only make a trip to the Family Su. I have to go to Dragon City to find Su Kuan first." Luo Zheng thought for a while before putting the two Nirvana Realm Dao Treasures into his Sumeru Ring.
At this moment, Xiaoyin's voice came from the courtyard, "Mr. Luo, someone is here to visit!"
"Visit …"
Recently, there had been an unusually large number of people visiting. Luo Zheng was already used to it.
Just as Luo Zheng came to the entrance of the courtyard and pushed the door open, he suddenly felt a chill in his nose. Then, three rays of light bloomed not far away. A fierce murderous aura covered the sky and covered Luo Zheng.
Although Xiaoyin had the cultivation of a True God, she was completely unable to withstand this murderous aura. Under the pressure of this murderous aura, her eyes rolled back and she fainted.
Luo Zheng looked over, and his face suddenly darkened. It was Xu Youwei of Taihao Mountain, and there were seven or eight black-clothed guards standing behind him.
Xu Youwei had long wanted to kill Luo Zheng. He wanted to do it at the Seven Mountains Meeting but was stopped by Lingxi. Later on, he was defeated by Luo Zheng in the Giant Rock Competition. The resentment in his heart deepened.
After returning to Taihao Mountain, he couldn't swallow this anger. On impulse, he rushed to the Heart Flow Sword Sect and challenged Luo Zheng to a battle.
"Luo Zheng, you and I are both disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Today, I challenge you to a deathmatch. Do you dare accept?" Xu Youwei said firmly.
Before Luo Zheng could respond, a slow voice suddenly came from not far away. "It's not impossible for the people of Taihao Mountain to challenge the Heart Flow Sword Sect, but they can't forget the order and etiquette."
The person who spoke was Mo Yijian.
When he saw Mo Yijian, Xu Youwei's face changed slightly. He said coldly, "Mo Yijian, this has nothing to do with you!"
"We are all disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Naturally, we are of the same breath and branch. How can you say we have nothing to do with you? If you want to challenge Luo Zheng, you have to go through me first, "Mo Yijian said.
Mo Yijian gently pinched his fingers in the air, and a group of glittering butterflies floated behind him.
The moment the butterfly floated out, Mo Yijian immediately felt a fatal threat.
It was as if there was an invisible sword pressed against his heart, and it could kill him at any time!
"Leave. Don't let me see you again in the Heart Flow Sword Sect." Mo Yijian's slightly childish voice was extremely cold. He didn't take Xu Youwei's identity seriously at all.
"You … you dare kill me?"
Thinking of the strange killing methods of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Xu Youwei's back suddenly broke out in cold sweat. However, he was a direct descendant of Taihao Mountain and the son of the Mountain Master. Mo Yijian didn't dare to kill him!
"Pfft!"
Xu Youwei had just finished speaking when blood suddenly spurted out of his chest.
Xu Youwei's heart was pierced. Mo Yijian didn't hesitate at all.
"Young Master Youwei!"
"Young Master Youwei …"
"Stop the bleeding for Young Master Youwei!"

Chapter 2834
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Lesson
Xu Youwei's guards did not have high cultivation levels, but most of them had retired from Tai Yiwei and were considered retainers of the Xu family.
They looked over and saw that their chests had been pierced, which calmed them down a little.
If Mo Yijian really wanted to kill someone, he would not go straight for the heart. Although the injury was serious, it would not be a problem if it was treated properly.
But just as they approached Xu Youwei, streaks of blood suddenly shot out from his chest!
Xu Youwei's blood turned into blood swords and slashed at the guards!
How could those guards think of such a thing? Two of them were hit by the blood swords, while the others dodged.
As for Xu Youwei, he was also dumbfounded when he saw the blood gushing out of his chest like it was free. Although his strength was not bad and he was not capable of fighting against Mo Yijian, he had never faced a life-and-death battle except for those tests in the Heavenly Palace. Therefore, he did not know how to deal with such a situation.
The guards could not get close to Xu Youwei. If they let this go on, Xu Youwei's blood would be sucked dry and he would not be able to escape death!
"My friend, Young Master Youwei is the son of the Mountain Lord of Mount Taihao. If he dies in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, I'm afraid the entire sect will not be able to explain it!" the leader of the guards said to Mo Yijian seriously.
Mo Yijian did not respond, but "Han 'er" beside him said indifferently, "There are 230 sons of the Mountain Lord of Mount Taihao. Xu Youwei is not one of them. We can bear the consequences of killing him."
"This …" the guard's expression changed. "Then we can only offend you!"
He did not know if the other party could bear the consequences of Xu Youwei's death, but the guards could not. Stopping Mo Yijian was the only way.
These guards were once three-star and four-star Tai Yiwei, so they were not weak either.
Mo Yijian alone might not be able to withstand the attacks of more than ten people. Han 'er, who was beside Mo Yijian, snorted and pulled out a pocket-sized sword.
At this moment, a loud shout came from the corner between the courtyards.
"Who dares to behave atrociously in our Heart Flow Sword Sect?"
"Our Heart Flow Sword Sect may not be big, but we won't allow others to ride on our heads!"
"…"
Gao Qizheng, Chu Mo, and the other elite disciples also rushed out after hearing the commotion.
These elite disciples had varying levels of strength. For example, Gao Qizheng's strength was comparable to a 4-star martial artist. There was even Tai Yiwei who had just entered 5-star. Although the others were slightly weaker, as elites, they relied on their own unique talents to be stronger than many of the guards.
"Ding Ding Pang Pang …"
"Hua …"
As the guards and the elite disciples fought, the situation suddenly became one-sided.
However, in such a conflict, the elite disciples were very restrained. They only knocked down the swords of the guards. At most, they only injured them and did not kill them.
Xiaoyin stood behind Luo Zheng, also dumbfounded.
She didn't expect that opening a door would lead to such an intense battle …
All the guards were surrounded by the elite disciples and were unable to move at all. Xu Youwei's chest continued to be pierced by the blood swords, which then pierced into the ground and instantly turned into a pool of blood.
Due to excessive blood loss, Xu Youwei's face was as white as paper, and his head began to sway.
Gao Qizheng said loudly, "Young Master Youwei, if you come to visit our Heart Flow Sword Sect, we will naturally welcome you. However, if you provoke our Heart Flow Sword Sect, you are too arrogant!"
Gao Qizheng was very polite to Xu Youwei during the Seven Mountains Party, as if he did not dare to offend him.
However, this did not mean that Gao Qizheng was afraid of Xu Youwei, especially since this person had brought guards to the Heart Flow Sword Sect to cause trouble for fellow disciples. This was taboo in the major sword sects.
When the guards saw that Xu Youwei could not say a word and that his blood swords were still flying out, they all had an indescribable look on their faces. Today was probably going to be bad.
At this moment, Gao Qizheng cupped his hands toward Mo Yijian. "Junior Brother One Sword, please hold back!"
Gao Qizheng's attitude was very clear. Not only was he in the right, he was also not at a disadvantage. Although the Heart Flow Sword Sect was not afraid of killing Xu Youwei, they did not want things to get out of hand.
As the number one disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect in name, Gao Qizheng had quite the style and authority.
Mo Yijian smiled and flicked his hand.
The blood on the ground once again turned into blood swords and shot toward Xu Youwei's chest.
"Pfft pfft pfft pfft …"
Every time a sword landed on Xu Youwei's chest, his body would tremble, and the blood swords would pierce a large hole in Xu Youwei's chest.
Xu Youwei was still very weak, but his complexion was slightly better.
"Carry your young master away," Mo Yijian said.
Those guards rushed up to Mo Yijian as if they had been granted amnesty. Some of them began to prepare elixirs, while others performed some healing methods. After some simple treatment, they carried Mo Yijian and flew away.
After they left, Mo Yijian said faintly to Gao Qizheng, "The Heart Flow Sword Sect has been weak in recent years. Although it's hard for there to be any great talents in the sect, it's also because of Gao Qizheng and your group that people bullied us. If it were the Murderous Sword Sect or the Formation Sword Sect, do you think Xu Youwei would dare to bully us like this?"
Gao Qizheng smiled bitterly after being lectured by Mo Yijian. However, he changed the topic. "The competition between the Seven Mountains has always been like this. If you fall behind, you will be bullied. This is not the first time the Heart Flow Sword Sect has been like this. But with you and Luo Zheng, our sect's back can be straightened. Haha …"
The sword sects of the Heavenly Palace were also secretly competing with each other. The stronger one naturally had a higher status. Because of Mo Yijian's participation, the Heart Flow Sword Sect's status was gradually rising. After all, a single thought Dao Comprehender was extremely precious in the Heavenly Palace.
Back then, the Formation Sword Sect and the Murderous Sword Sect had some complaints about Mo Yijian's choice. They even wanted to ask the Heart Flow Sword Sect for him. However, the sect refused. Plus, this was Mo Yijian's choice.
Now, with Luo Zheng's participation, the Heart Flow Sword Sect's momentum would only grow stronger after the second Seven Mountains Trial.
Luo Zheng saw that the matter had been resolved. He clasped his hands at the crowd and prepared to return to his courtyard.
Mo Yijian quickly caught up with him, saying, "Junior Brother Luo, please wait."
Luo Zheng looked strangely at Mo Yijian. Why was this guy so polite all of a sudden?
He suppressed his curiosity and asked, "What is it, Senior Brother Mo?"
It was very difficult for Mo Yijian to ask for help but he still forced a smile. "Can we go in and talk?"
Luo Zheng blinked and made a gesture. "Please."
Mo Yijian's face lit up. "Thank you, Junior Brother Luo."
Then he and Han 'er entered Luo Zheng's courtyard.

Chapter 2835
Request
Xiaoyin naturally knew that Mo Yijian was a very important guest, so she had to treat him seriously. She hurriedly got Xiao Xin to work.
After everything was ready, Luo Zheng invited Mo Yijian and Han'er to sit.
Luo Zheng was still baffled. He did not know what Mo Yijian was planning.
After sitting down, Mo Yijian kept holding the green porcelain teacup, shaking it back and forth. His face revealed an uneasy expression.
Seeing Mo Yijian's bashful expression, Luo Zheng felt even more baffled. Xiaoyin and Xiao Xin sat behind Luo Zheng and looked at each other. They did not know what this young genius wanted to do.
In the end, it was Han'er who broke the deadlock. She also knew that Mo Yijian was arrogant. Even if he wanted to lower his head and ask for help, it would be difficult for him to do so.
She smiled and said, "I heard that Luo Zheng won first place in the Seven Mountains Meeting. Senior Brother One Sword wanted to congratulate you."
"Oh, thank you," Luo Zheng replied.
At this time, Mo Yijian said seriously, "In addition, there are crazy rumors that Junior Brother Luo and Feng Ge have cultivated the latter part of the Eternal Sword Intent. I wonder if I can take a look at the latter part? "
Even seniors like Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting did not forget to promise a huge condition when they asked. After all, the True Comprehension section was too important. This favor was not small, but it was huge.
However, Mo Yijian had said it so directly …
"This …" Luo Zheng hesitated, then said, "The rumors outside have no foundation. They are just wild guesses. The latter part of the Eternal Sword Intent, I …"
Luo Zheng originally wanted to reject this request.
He had already given out the first 150 words. When Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting obtained them, they would announce it to the Heart Flow Sword Sect and Taiyi Mountain. As a seed of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Mo Yijian would naturally be the first to obtain them.
Unexpectedly, just as he said a few words, Mo Yijian suddenly said excitedly, "Please teach it to me! No matter what your request is, I will agree to it! I can help you repair your sword that broke last time. If I have offended you in any way, I can also apologize! "
Seeing Mo Yijian's reluctant and excited expression, Xiaoyin and Little Xin couldn't help but cover their mouths and laugh. They didn't expect the number one genius to have such a temperament.
Luo Zheng looked at Mo Yijian helplessly. He looked like a younger brother who had done something wrong.
Han 'er's eyes revealed a trace of shrewdness as she said, "If Luo Zheng has really obtained these, he will announce it sooner or later. There should be no harm in letting Junior Brother Mo know earlier!"
She had always been very well-informed and her judgment was also very accurate. Although Han 'er didn't know if Luo Zheng had spread the news, the next chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent was too important to the Heavenly Palace. It was impossible to hide it. It was only a matter of time before it was made public.
Luo Zheng glanced at her and smiled. "I don't need you to apologize. The broken sword has been repaired. As for the first 150 words of the True Comprehension chapter, I can also give them to you."
Luo Zheng's answer stunned Mo Yijian and Han 'er. In fact, Mo Yijian was already prepared to be rejected. Not only was he not familiar with Luo Zheng, but they had a bad relationship before. This time, he had braced himself to come.
However, Luo Zheng's straightforwardness made him feel that it was unreal.
"I only have one request," Luo Zheng said again.
"Please speak," Mo Yijian said.
"Don't feel like you owe me a favor. If you have the chance to stand on the arena, please do your best," Luo Zheng said casually.
Mo Yijian's eyes flashed, and his expression became more and more excited. Finally, he returned to his original appearance and said, "Of course!"
Luo Zheng gently waved his hand, and a piece of white paper swept out from his Sumeru Ring. Luo Zheng had already copied ten copies of the same 150 words just to deal with this situation.
Luo Zheng's experience was countless times richer than Mo Yijian's. Perhaps he and Mo Yijian still lacked a battle to prove themselves, but his temperament had calmed down a lot. Naturally, he appeared calm.
"One Sword is still too young. Just based on this point, he is far from being as magnanimous as Luo Zheng," Han 'er said after observing for a while.
Naturally, she didn't know Luo Zheng's background and how much he had gone through before going to the Mother World. Mo Yijian's journey had been smooth, and it could be said that he was a child who didn't know much about the world.
After giving the 150 words to Mo Yijian and sending them out, Luo Zheng told Xiaoyin that he was going to the Center Divine Province's Family Su. When Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin returned, he told them to wait here.
When Xiaoyin heard about the Center Divine Province's Family Su, she suddenly said, "Young Master, the Family Su is in Bright Lake City in the Northern Region of the Center Divine Province. I happen to be from Bright Lake City. If Young Master wants to go to the Family Su, Xiaoyin can lead the way."
"Lead the way?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
"Yes! Bright Lake City is also a large city. If you bring Xiaoyin with you, it will be much more convenient. Also … Xiaoyin, Xiaoyin also wants to go home, "Xiaoyin said in a low voice.
The maids of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were not qualified to make requests, but Xiaoyin had observed for the past few days and knew that Luo Zheng was not a rigid person. She was not so afraid.
"Okay," Luo Zheng said with a slight smile.
Luo Zheng didn't need Xiaoyin to go to the Family Su, so he would naturally find Su Kuan. However, if Xiaoyin wanted to go with him, he didn't have to refuse.
Therefore, the task of telling Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin fell on Xiaoyin.
The two went down the mountain together, entered Dragon City, and found Su Kuan in the Sword Training Pagoda.
Seeing Luo Zheng come down the mountain, Su Kuan's face was full of joy. "The Banner Lord actually came down the mountain!"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said, "I have something to ask you."
"What is it?" Su Kuan asked curiously.
"Last time, the Family Su encountered the Hive Banshees in Biyun City. I wonder if the Family Su is doing well?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan nodded. "Of course they're doing well. I've already met with Father."
"Can the Family Su use the Nine Edges Refining Array again?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Nine Edges Refining Array is our Family Su's secret technique. We will never lose it, so of course we can use it," Su Kuan said with certainty.
"I might have to trouble the Family Su to help me refine something. I will pay for all the costs," Luo Zheng said.
What exactly was it that required the Nine Edges Refining Array? Su Kuan was also full of questions, but he wouldn't question Luo Zheng's request.
Although the Family Su wouldn't easily use the Nine Edges Refining Array, it wouldn't be a problem considering the Banner Lord's wealth. Therefore, Su Kuan readily agreed.
After making some preparations, the three of them went straight to the giant transportation formation in the northern corner of Dragon City.
Last time, Luo Zheng and Su Kuan went to Mountain View Province for a mission, so they used the transportation formation for free. However, this time, it was a private trip, so Luo Zheng had to pay for the transportation formation.

Chapter 2836
?
The Center God Province was the headquarters of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace and also one of the largest settlements of the human race. Almost all forces, families, and merchant alliances had a place in the Center God Province.
The most prosperous were naturally the cities around the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace, followed by the Bright Lake in the north of the Center God Province.
There were hundreds of large cities in the huge Bright Lake. Most of the families in the Center God Province were born here and then spread their branches and leaves before finally choosing to join the Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
The Great Sky, Great Beauty, Great Gold, Great Clear, and Great Yi of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace all came from the Bright Lake area.
"Everything about the Great Yi Heavenly Palace is good, but the scenery is too bad, far inferior to the Bright Lake!" Su Kuan stood at the edge of the wide Bright Lake and sighed.
The Bright Lake was more than ten million miles wide, and one couldn't see the end at a glance. It was basically a sea.
A breeze blew past, and the lake sparkled. The wind carried a trace of moist sweetness that was intoxicating.
"The best scenery of the Bright Lake is the Thousand Waves Pavilion on the southwest side! If the season is good, it's simply a paradise on earth, "Xiaoyin said from behind.
"You've also been to the Thousand Waves Pavilion?" Su Kuan asked with a strange look in his eyes.
"En," Xiaoyin nodded and didn't say anything else.
"Is it strange to have been to the Thousand Waves Pavilion?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"I've been there many times, it's not strange, but ordinary people can't go to the Thousand Waves Pavilion. Why would someone who has the ability to go to the Thousand Waves Pavilion be a servant girl in the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Su Kuan stared at Xiaoyin and asked.
Xiaoyin had an unnatural expression and forced a smile, "It's all in the past, don't mention it."
Su Kuan didn't ask any more questions after her answer, and said, "Let's go to Wild Goose City and rent a flying boat before it gets dark. This way, we can greatly shorten the travel time."
In the evening, the three stood on a flying boat and flew along the edge of the Bright Lake City. They arrived at Fu Su City in eight hours.
Fu Su City was no different from other bustling cities, but the city gate had a large "Su" character written in a special font.
"The entire Fu Su City belongs to your Family Su?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Fu Su City was built by our Su Family, so that's how it is," Su Kuan replied.
The Su Clan was an aristocratic family of blacksmiths. Naturally, Fu Su City was famous for its blacksmiths. The blacksmiths from the Center God Province and even the surrounding provinces all hoped to have a place for themselves in Fu Su City. The Su Clan was also happy to let these blacksmiths stay in Fu Su City.
After entering the city, they would pass by a crafting workshop almost every few steps. As for the shops that sold weapons and magic treasures, they were even more endless.
Treasures of Su City City City City's Treasures of City City City City Fu Su City Treasures City..
Treasures Su City City's treasures Treasures of Treasures of Treasures of of Treasures of the Realm Realm Treasures Treasures Treasures.
..........'s's's's Lake....
Not long after, a pitch-black wall suddenly appeared in front of him. In the middle of the gate stood two strangely shaped statues. These statues were copper yellow in color, and their bodies were covered in clusters of ores. Their eyes shone with silver light.
"This is the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan," Su Kuan said.
Luo Zheng had heard Su Kuan mention before in Guanshan Prefecture. The reason why Family Su could become a family of Treasures of the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan was because they had the bloodline of the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan.
The Fierce Gale Shadow Clan was born from ores. They could merge with many ores, so their appearance was different from ordinary beasts.
"So this is how the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan looks like," Luo Zheng muttered.
Xiaoyin looked at the gate with a longing expression. "I've heard that Fu Su City's Family Su is the Heavenly Palace's Imperial Treasures of Treasures. Just by standing at the gate, I can feel their extraordinary aura."
"Hehe, you flatter me," Su Kuan said with a smile. Su Kuan was a little proud of being praised. "Let's go in!"
The two guards in silver armor at the gate saw Su Kuan and saluted in unison. "Young Master Su Kuan has returned!"
"Where's my father?" Su Kuan asked.
"The Family Head is meditating," the guard replied.
"Tell him that Kuan 'er has something important to discuss with him," Su Kuan said.
After receiving the order, the guard trotted away. The other guard brought Su Kuan, Luo Zheng, and Xiaoyin to the main hall to wait.
After a while, Su Yu-jin walked over aggressively. He glared at Su Kuan and reprimanded, "You brat, you still have the face to come back!"
Although the Family Su's trip to Guanshan Prefecture had saved their lives, they had suffered great losses.
However, after Su Kuan returned to Dragon City, he had only sent a letter home and hadn't come back.
Now that Su Kuan had returned, Su Yu-jin was happy, but it was inevitable that he would complain.
Su Kuan smiled embarrassedly and said, "Kuan 'er is back now, isn't he?"
Su Yu-jin ignored Su Kuan. When he saw Luo Zheng, a smile gathered on his face once again.
At that time in Guanshan Prefecture, Luo Zheng's performance was too amazing. Su Yu-jin's cultivation wasn't high, but his vision wasn't bad at all.
Moreover, in order to find the whereabouts of the Stone Sealing Solution, the Family Su inquired about it in the Setting Sun Fort and learned that Tian Jie and Qiu Yinhe had gone to Guanshan Prefecture to save Luo Zheng.
This news shocked Su Yu-jin and deepened Luo Zheng's mysteriousness. He firmly believed that Luo Zheng's background wasn't ordinary.
As for the Stone Sealing Solution, Su Yu-jin also suspected that it might be in the hands of Luo Zheng or Qiu Yinhe. However, it wasn't convenient for him to ask in person.
After Luo Zheng got up and exchanged greetings with Su Yu-jin, he went straight to the point. "This time, Su Kuan and I came to visit you because we have a presumptuous request."
"There's no harm in speaking frankly. If the Family Su needs any help, we will do our best to help!" Su Yu-jin said.
"I would like to borrow the Family Su's Nine Edges Refining Array," Luo Zheng said.
Su Yu-jin's expression immediately froze. Everything else was easy to deal with, but setting up the Nine Edges Refining Array required a lot of resources. Furthermore, refining ordinary transcendent artifacts didn't require this large array at all.
"This …"
Just as Su Yu-jin was hesitating, Luo Zheng continued, "I will naturally bear the cost of setting up the array. I will give you a price that the Family Su will be satisfied with."
Luo Zheng had a lot of divine crystals on hand.
Fusing with the Stone Sealing Solution was too important. If he had no other choice, he would use the Jiuli's inheritance.
"It's not a matter of price. May I know why you want to use this array?" Su Yu-jin asked.
Su Kuan also stared at Luo Zheng. Along the way, he was also quite curious. He didn't know what good thing the Banner Lord had obtained that required the Nine Edges Refining Array.
Luo Zheng reached out and lightly clasped his hand. A long sword appeared in his hand. It was the Luan Sealing Sword that Chi Yi had bestowed upon him.
Su Yu-jin's eyes flashed when he saw the Luan Sealing Sword. Deep confusion appeared on his face.
This Luan Sealing Sword was personally forged by Su Yu-jin. It was Lord Hechi's personal sword. How could it appear in Luo Zheng's hands? Could it be that Luo Zheng was Hechi's close relative?
Even if they were close relatives, Hechi couldn't possibly give a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure to Luo Zheng, right? Could it be that this sword was stolen?
Su Yu-jin was quite frightened. A trace of vigilance appeared on his face. He asked calmly, "Where did this sword come from?"
Editor: Modlawls123
The Center God Province was the headquarters of Taiyi Heavenly Palace. It was also one of the largest settlements of the human race. Various forces, clans, and merchant alliances all occupied a place in the Center God Province.
Among them, the most prosperous were naturally the cities around the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace. The second most prosperous was the Bright Lake in the north of the Center God Province.
There were hundreds of large cities in the huge Bright Lake. Most of the clans in the Center God Province were born here. Then, they spread their branches and leaves and finally chose to join Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
The Taiyi Heavenly Palace's Taihao, Taixiu, Taijin, Taiqing, and Taiyi Heavenly Palace were all born around the Bright Lake.
"Everything about Taiyi Heavenly Palace is good. It's just that the scenery is too bad. It's far inferior to the Bright Lake!" Su Kuan stood at the edge of the wide Bright Lake and sighed.
This Bright Lake was more than ten million miles wide. One couldn't see the end of it. It was just like an ocean.
A gentle breeze blew past. The surface of the lake sparkled. The wind carried a trace of moist sweetness. It was intoxicating.
"The best scenery of the Bright Lake is the Thousand Waves Pavilion in the southwest! If it's a good season, it's simply a paradise on earth, "Xiaoyin said from behind.
"You've also been to the Thousand Waves Pavilion?" Su Kuan asked with a strange look in his eyes.
"En." Xiaoyin nodded and didn't say anything else.
"Is it strange to have been to the Thousand Waves Pavilion?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"I've been there many times. It's not strange. It's just that ordinary people can't go to the Thousand Waves Pavilion. Why would someone who has the ability to go to the Thousand Waves Pavilion be a servant girl in the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Su Kuan stared at Xiaoyin and asked.
Xiaoyin's face showed an unnatural expression. She forced a smile and said, "It's all in the past. Don't mention it."
With her answer, Su Kuan didn't ask anymore. He said, "Let's go to Wild Goose City and rent a flying boat before it gets dark. This way, we can greatly shorten the travel time."
In the evening, the three were already standing on a flying boat. They flew along the edge of Bright Lake City and arrived at Fu Su City in eight hours.
Fu Su City was no different from other bustling cities. However, the city gate had a large "Su" character written in a special font.
"Does the entire Fu Su City belong to your Family Su?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Fu Su City was built by our Family Su. You can say that," Su Kuan answered.
The Family Su was an aristocratic family of craftsmen. Naturally, Fu Su City was famous for its craftsmen. The craftsmen from the Center God Province and even the surrounding provinces all hoped to have a place for themselves in Fu Su City. The Family Su was also happy to let these people stay in Fu Su City.
After entering the city, they would pass by a craftsmen's workshop almost every few steps. As for the shops that sold weapons and treasures, they were endless.
These treasures and weapons were not ranked treasures. Even third-rate Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasures were rare.
It wasn't that Fu Su City didn't have high-grade treasures. First-rate Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasures and even Nirvana Realm treasures were naturally not for sale.
Luo Zheng did not have much need for treasures. The three of them just passed by in a hurry.
Not long after, a pitch-black high wall suddenly appeared in front of them. Two strangely shaped statues stood at the gate in the middle. These statues were bronze-yellow in color. Their bodies were covered in clusters of ores. Their eyes were shining with silver light.
"This is the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan," Su Kuan said.
Luo Zheng had heard from Su Kuan when they were in the Guanshan Province that the reason the Family Su could become an aristocratic family of craftsmen was because they had the bloodline of the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan.
The Fierce Gale Shadow Clan was born from ores. They could fuse with many ores. Naturally, their appearance was different from ordinary beasts.
"So this is what the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan looks like," Luo Zheng muttered.
Xiaoyin looked at the gate. Her face was filled with longing. "I've heard that the Family Su of Fu Su City is the imperial craftsmen of the Heavenly Palace. Just by standing at the gate, I can feel their majestic and extraordinary aura."
"Hehe, you flatter me," Su Kuan said with a smile. Su Kuan felt a little proud of being praised like this. "Let's go in!"
The two guards in silver armor at the gate saw Su Kuan and saluted together. "Young Master Su Kuan has returned!"
"Where's my father?" Su Kuan asked.
"The Family Head is meditating," the guard replied.
"Pass on a message for me. Tell him that Kuan 'er has something important to discuss with him," Su Kuan said.
After receiving the order, the guard trotted away. The other guard brought Su Kuan, Luo Zheng, and Xiaoyin to the main hall to wait.
Not long after, Su Yu-jin walked over aggressively. He glared at Su Kuan and reprimanded, "You brat, you still have the face to come back!"
Although the Family Su managed to save their lives in the Guanshan Province, their losses were not small.
However, after Su Kuan returned to Dragon City, he only sent a letter home and did not return.
Now that Su Kuan had returned, Su Yu-jin was happy, but it was inevitable that he would complain.
Su Kuan smiled embarrassedly. "Isn't Kuan 'er back now?"
Su Yu-jin ignored Su Kuan. When he saw Luo Zheng, a smile gathered on his face again.
Luo Zheng's performance in the Guanshan Province was too amazing. Su Yu-jin's cultivation was not high, but his vision was not bad at all.
In addition, in order to find the whereabouts of the Stone Sealing Solution, the Family Su asked around in the Sunset Fort and learned that Tian Jie and Qiu Yinhe went to the Guanshan Province to save Luo Zheng.
This news shocked Su Yu-jin and deepened Luo Zheng's mysteriousness. He believed that Luo Zheng's background was not ordinary.
As for the Stone Sealing Solution, Su Yu-jin also suspected that it might be in the hands of Luo Zheng or Qiu Yinhe, but it was not convenient to ask in front of him.
Luo Zheng stood up and chatted with Su Yu-jin for a while. Then, he went straight to the point. "This time, Su Kuan and I visited you because we have a presumptuous request."
"There's no harm in speaking frankly. If the Family Su needs any help, we will do our best to help!" Su Yu-jin said.
"I want to borrow the Family Su's Nine Edges Refining Array," Luo Zheng said.
Su Yu-jin's expression suddenly froze. Everything else was easy to deal with, but the Nine Edges Refining Array cost a lot of money to set up. Moreover, refining ordinary transcendent artifacts did not require this large array.
"This …"
Just as Su Yu-jin was hesitating, Luo Zheng continued, "I will naturally bear the cost of setting up the array. I will give you a price that the Family Su will be satisfied with."
Luo Zheng had a lot of divine crystals on hand.
Fusing the Stone Sealing Solution was too important. If there was no other choice, he would use Jiuli's inheritance.
"It's not about the price. I wonder why you want to use this array?" Su Yu-jin asked.
Su Kuan also stared at Luo Zheng. Along the way, he was also quite curious. He wondered what good thing the Banner Lord had obtained that required the Nine Edges Refining Array.
Luo Zheng reached out and gently clasped his hand. A long sword appeared in his hand. It was the Luan Sword that Chi Yi had bestowed upon him.
Su Yu-jin saw the Luan Sword and his eyes flashed. Deep confusion appeared on his face.
This Luan Sword was personally forged by Su Yu-jin. It was Lord Hechi's personal sword. How could it appear in Luo Zheng's hands? Could Luo Zheng be Hechi's close relative?
Even if they were close relatives, Hechi would not give a first-rate Nirvana Realm Treasure to Luo Zheng, right? Could this sword have been stolen?
Su Yu-jin was quite frightened. There was already a hint of vigilance on his face. He asked calmly, "Where did this sword come from?"

Chapter 2837
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
A Lingering Spirit
Looking at Su Yu-jin's nervous expression, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Lord He Chi bestowed it to me."
"Bestowed …"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Yu-jin became even more suspicious. Even Su Kuan had a look of disbelief on his face.
Although the Seven Mountains Party was held like a raging fire, it was only spread among the various mountains. The circle in Dragon City had no access to it at all.
Both Su Kuan and Su Yu-jin knew about the Seven Mountains Party, but they did not know who was the winner.
Of course, they did not believe that He Chi would bestow a first-rate Nirvana Realm Treasure to Luo Zheng.
"A first-rate Nirvana Realm Treasure is undoubtedly a precious treasure even to Lord He Chi. To bestow it to you …" Su Yu-jin said doubtfully.
Dozens of thoughts flashed through his mind.
The sealing stone was extremely sturdy. In the entire Center God Province, perhaps only the Family Su could melt it and rebuild it. If Luo Zheng obtained this sword through shady means, he could only go to the Family Su.
It was not impossible for Su Yu-jin to help Luo Zheng, but if He Chi knew about this, how could the Family Su bear the consequences?
Looking at their expressions, Luo Zheng knew what they were thinking. He smiled and said, "Hechi specially gave this sword as a reward for winning the Seven Mountains Party this time. This should make sense, right?"
"Winning the Seven Mountains Party?" Su Yu-jin raised his eyebrows suddenly.
Su Kuan's mouth was also wide open. "The Banner Master participated in the Seven Mountains Party? And he even won first place in the Seven Mountains Meeting? "
There were also people from the Family Su on the mountain, but the disciples of the Family Su were not qualified to participate in the Seven Mountains Party …
Luo Zheng had not been on the mountain for long, but he was already invited by the Seven Mountains Party. In the end, he even won. This was too unbelievable.
"Since my Young Master went to the Seven Mountains Party, winning the Seven Mountains Party is inevitable. Why are you so surprised?" Xiaoyin seized the opportunity to chime in from behind.
"Ahem …"
Su Yu-jin felt that he needed to revise his view of Luo Zheng again.
However, he still had a trace of doubt in his heart. This was all Luo Zheng's mouth, and he could totally make it up in advance.
But what Luo Zheng did immediately, Su Su Yu-jin Translation
"Other than this Luan Sealing Sword, I also have a war hammer that is also made from a sealing stone. I hope that the Su family head can help me melt these two sealing stones." Luo Zheng requested.
There … There's another one … "Translation
"Isn't there the Translation Translation in the entire Center God Province Su Kuit Translation there?"
The Su father and son both looked at the warhammer. They could tell at a glance that the craftsmanship of the warhammer was poor, but the warhammer was indeed made of sealed stone!
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "This war hammer was given to me by 'Old Hai'. Unfortunately, I only managed to collect two magic treasures made of sealed stone in such a short time …"
To collect two items in such a short period of time …
Luo Zheng's words made Su Yu-jin want to cry. One had to know how much blood his Family Su had spent to forge the Luan Sword. Why did Luo Zheng say that it was not easy to get this sword?
Before the old puzzles could be solved, new puzzles arose.
Su Yu-jin asked, "If Young Master Luo wants to forge a Nirvana Realm Dao Treasure, you only need to melt this war hammer. The Luan Sword was originally a top-notch treasured sword. It would be a pity to destroy it!"
Of course, he didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't need these two weapons at all.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I didn't come here to ask the Family Su to help me forge a weapon. I just want the Family Su to melt it for me."
"Melt? Are you saying to destroy them and turn them into stone sealing solution? "Su Yu-jin asked.
"That's right. That's why we can only rely on your Nine Edges Refining Array.," Luo Zheng replied.
Su Yu-jin took a deep breath.
This was probably the strangest request he'd ever heard.
To melt a good treasure, but not to forge it into a Heavenly Weapon …
What was the use of the stone sealing solution? To drink it?
At this moment, Su Yu-jin couldn't help but think of the stone sealing solution in Guanshan Prefecture. However, no matter how hard he racked his brains, he couldn't think of the connection between the stone sealing solution and Luo Zheng's body.
"What do you want to melt it for?" Su Yu-jin asked cautiously.
Luo Zheng said calmly, "I can't answer that."
Of course, he wouldn't reveal the matter of cultivating the stone sealing solution. Once he did, Su Yu-jin would definitely ask about the stone sealing solution in Guanshan Prefecture …
"I'm afraid I can't answer you today. After all, the Nine Edges Refining Array wasn't set up by me alone. I need to ask the Family Su," Su Yu-jin said.
"It's okay. You can stay here for now," Su Kuan quickly said.
Luo Zheng wasn't particularly in a hurry. Therefore, he stayed at the Family Su that day.
That night …
Su Yu-jin gathered his brothers together to discuss this matter.
When Su Kuan's uncles heard this, they all looked serious.
"That Luo Zheng is indeed a genius. However, Su Kuan said that he's only been on the mountain for less than half a year. How can he participate in the Seven Mountains Party?"
"My Su Shi has been on the mountain for 13 years. He's not qualified to be invited!"
"That's just his side of the story. We shouldn't get involved in this mess!"
Everyone in the Family Su objected.
Su Yu-jin already had some reservations in his heart. After hearing what they said, he felt even more afraid.
At this moment, Su Youqi, who was sitting in the corner, chuckled and said, "The Thousand Waves Pavilion Grand Gathering is about to begin. Su Shi, Su Er, Su Xin, and the others will be back in a few days. The Seven Mountains Party is such a big event. Our family's elite disciples naturally know about it.
Su Youqi's status in the Family Su was quite low. Although he was invited by Su Yu-jin to discuss this matter, no one paid attention to him.
When this idea came out, Su Yu-jin immediately scratched his head and chuckled. "I didn't think of this …"
The next day, Su Yu-jin told Luo Zheng that the Nine Edges Refining Array needed some time to prepare and asked him to wait patiently.
Melting the sealing stone took a long time to begin with. Luo Zheng naturally had the patience.
These few days, Su Kuan brought Luo Zheng and Xiaoyin to wander around Fusu City.
Three days later …
The transportation formation in the north corner of Dragon City gradually became busy.
The disciples of the Center God Province's major families would choose to return home at the beginning of May every year.
Taihao, Taixiu, and the other disciples on the mountain did the same.
Although direct descendants like Xu Youwei came from Ming Hu, their main branch had already landed on the various mountains of the Heavenly Palace. Only some unimportant side branches remained at Ming Hu.
Xu Youwei had only been to Ming Hu once when he was young. This time, his personal return alarmed the entire Xu Family. All the important people in Great Xu City came out of the city to welcome him.
Although the scene was grand, Xu Youwei's face was as cold as frost from beginning to end. Three gloomy guards followed behind Xu Youwei.
He didn't return to the Xu Family this time for the Thousand Waves Pavilion Grand Gathering …
After suffering a great loss at the Heart Sword Sect, Xu Youwei also realized his impulsiveness. After all, Luo Zheng was a member of the Heart Sword Sect. As an outsider, it was indeed foolish of him to rush up and cause trouble for this guy.

Chapter 2838
?
At the bluestone city gate, the head of the collateral Xu family led the rest of the family to bow to Xu Youwei.
"The Minghu Xu family welcomes Your Highness Youwei! Our Great Xu City is honored to have Your Highness here! "the head said respectfully.
In truth, the Minghu Xu family was also full of doubts.
The Xu family had been in Taihao Mountain for a long time. The Minghu Xu family claimed to be the ancestral home of the Xu family, but it was actually a declining collateral branch.
Why would someone like Xu Youwei condescend to attend the Thousand Waves Pavilion gathering at this time?
"Mm," Xu Youwei responded coldly, then led the three guards behind him into the city.
The Xu family felt embarrassed, thinking that they had not been a good host. The head of the Xu family gave a look, and the others hurried to follow.
After entering the city, Xu Youwei said, "He Gui, He Wei, you two immediately search for that kid's whereabouts! I heard that he went to Dragon City to look for a descendant of the Family Su. He's most likely related to the Family Su. "
He Gui asked in a low voice, "If we find him, kill him on the spot?"
"No," Xu Youwei's eyes flashed with killing intent. "I'll do it myself."
The last guard, He Zhen, said, "Sir Youwei, let He Gui and He Wei kill him directly. This Luo Zheng is an elite of the Heart-Flow Sword Sect. I heard that he has a close relationship with Qiu Yinhe. If people find out that it was you who did it, this matter will blow up and ruin the Mountain Lord's plan."
The three guards surnamed He were all part of Taihao Mountain's secret service. They were extremely powerful and loyal to the Xu family. Even if they were discovered, it would be difficult to find out their origins. However, Xu Youwei was a reputable figure, so the situation was naturally different.
"The mountain is high and the emperor is far away. Who would know?" Xu Youwei sneered. "If I didn't want to kill him with my own hands, would I need to come all the way to Minghu?"
He Zhen fell silent at Xu Youwei's words. He knew Xu Youwei's nature and temper.
Receiving the order, He Gui and He Wei disappeared into the night.
… …
… …
When the descendants of the major families returned from the Heavenly Palace, they were welcomed by their families.
Entering the Heavenly Palace was the hope of the major families. From then on, they could hold their heads high and their status would rise greatly.
Su Shi, Su, and Su Xin were the three hopes of the Family Su.
They were different from Su Kuan.
The Family Su had operated in the Greater One Heavenly Palace for many years and had a good relationship with the Heavenly Palace. Naturally, they would think of ways to send their disciples up the mountain.
Su Kuan was qualified to go up the mountain, but Su Yu-jin hoped that he could inherit his Family Su's refining business. The father and son quarreled like fire and water, cutting off all of Su Kuan's resources. Therefore, Su Kuan was very poor during that time and could only rely on himself to make a living in Dragon City.
The servants walked back and forth in the Family Su Hall. After Su Shi, Su Er, and Su Xin returned home, the whole Family Su became lively.
The three of them naturally became the focus of the Family Su, sharing their experiences and experiences in the Heavenly Palace.
"This year has been too hard. The missions from the Golden Silkworm Sword Sect are like a mountain, so heavy that I can't even breathe." Suel put on a solemn expression. He had indeed worked hard this year, and his strength had increased considerably.
Su Si smiled faintly. "I got fifty-third place in this year's Mount Taixiu competition. If I hadn't lost at the end, I would've been able to enter the upper house. But … I should be able to enter next year."
The upper house was where the elite disciples of Mount Taixiu were located.
Hearing Su Si's words, everyone in the Family Su was overjoyed, especially Su Si's father, Su You Ming. An indescribable joy appeared on his face. "Shi 'er has really grown up, hehe!"
The last one, Su Xin, said carelessly. "I participated in the Seven Mountains Meeting. Although our Mount Taixiu was eliminated, it was still an eye-opener! This year's Seven Mountains Meeting is the most intense one, then … "
Before Su Xin could finish, the fourth son, Su You Huo, was overjoyed. "Su You, you've entered the Green Alliance?"
Su Xin faced her father's question and said carelessly, "I just entered the Green Alliance …"
"Haha, our Family Su also has an elite from the Heavenly Palace …" Su You Huo laughed.
The members of the Family Su looked at Su Xin again. Their expressions were very different.
Those who could enter the Heavenly Palace would be able to receive true teachings. Su Xin had already proven her potential.
"Dad, entering the Green Alliance is only the first step. My goal is to participate in the Seven Mountains Meeting in three years and lead Mount Taixiu to win!" Su Xin's eyes sparkled again.
Although Su Xin was invited to the Seven Mountains Meeting, she was not part of the twenty people. She could not participate in the boulder game and could only watch.
Even so, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's performance still deeply shocked her!
After the three of them reported to the elders of the Family Su, the atmosphere became even more lively.
Suddenly, Su Xin looked at Su Kuan and smiled. "Brother Kuan, what have you experienced in Dragon City this year?"
The people of the Family Su probably looked down on Dragon City. Su Kuan went against Su Yu-jin's wishes and entered Dragon City. The entire Family Su treated him as a joke.
Su Kuan and Su Youxue sat together and were softly talking about something.
After a round of rest, Su Youxue had completely recovered. Her little face was rosy and looked very cute.
"That's right, Su Kuan. Cultivate well in Dragon City. If you stay obediently for twenty years, you'll probably be able to get to the position of Alliance Leader. At that time, you'll have a chance to become a Tai Yiwei," Su Xin said in an experienced tone.
"Joining the Tai Yiwei is not that easy. The assessment is very difficult. After you become a Tai Yiwei, you'll have to rush to the front line. It's too dangerous. Brother Kuan, why don't you stay in the Family Su?" Su Er also smiled.
They sounded like they were really concerned about Su Kuan, but their tone was full of scolding and ridicule.
Su Kuan frowned slightly. If it was in the past, he probably would have quarreled with these cousins. But after going to Guanshan Province with Luo Zheng and experiencing life and death, he suddenly felt that these outstanding cousins were incomparably childish.
At this moment, a voice came from the back of the hall. "Tai Yiwei is not the only way out of Dragon City. This year, Su Kuan is only one step away from ascending the mountain. After all, ascending the Tai Yiwei Mountain is originally more difficult than the other mountains. If it was Tai Xiu Mountain, Tai Qingshan naturally wouldn't be a problem."
Hearing this voice, Su Si, Su Er, and Su Xin all frowned.
This person was right. The test of ascending the mountain was indeed the most difficult, but to their ears, it still made them unhappy.
"And I guarantee that Su Kuan will only need one year to become an elite disciple," the voice added.
Hearing this, Su Xin immediately laughed disdainfully. "Becoming an elite disciple in one year? Aren't you afraid of biting your tongue? It's rare to see such a person in the Heavenly Temple! "
"I don't think it's rare. My Banner Lord seems to have become an elite disciple in just two months. It's really rare," Su Kuan said with a smile.
"Banner Lord?"
"A person from Dragon City who became an elite disciple in just two months?"
"Brother Kuan, you're talking nonsense again!"
How could Su Si, Su Er, and Su Xin believe him?

Chapter 2839
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Spies
The Family Su elders wanted to verify the authenticity of Luo Zheng's words.
Su Si, Su Er, and Su Xin had all gone up the mountain. If Luo Zheng was telling the truth, they would have heard of Luo Zheng.
Su Yu-jin would not tell Luo Zheng their suspicions. As long as they invited Luo Zheng, they would know everything.
"Most of the trash in Dragon City are not even qualified to go up the mountain. Two months to become an elite of the Heavenly Palace, hehe …" Su Si shook his head.
"That's the funniest joke I've heard this year." Su Er laughed. "Right, Su Xin? What's wrong with you … Su Xin? "
Su Xin wanted to mock him, but his mouth was wide open as if he had seen an unbelievable person. He sat there motionless.
"Su Xin, what's wrong with you?" Su Youhuo did not know why his son had such an expression.
Su Xin was stunned for a while. The calm expression on his face disappeared. He quickly got up and saluted Luo Zheng. "I'm Su Xin of the Green Alliance. Greetings, Brother Luo Zheng."
Su Er still looked confused.
This person's cultivation was similar to theirs. Su Xin was an elite of the Green Alliance. Why was he so polite to this person?
Su Si's reaction was similar to Su Er's. However, when he heard the name "Luo Zheng", he vaguely remembered that he had heard of this person before. His eyes widened.
Although he was not able to participate in the Seven Mountains Party, the time of the Seven Mountains Party had long been spread around the mountain, and he finally remembered.
Luo Zheng saluted Su Xin back. At the same time, he added, "I said that Su Kuan could become an elite in a year. He will definitely become one. If you don't believe me, we can bet on it today. We can verify it next year."
"No, no, no … no need." Su Xin quickly waved his hand and smiled. "I don't dare to doubt Brother Luo Zheng's judgment."
In Su Xin's eyes, Luo Zheng was already on par with Prince Feng Ge.
If he really wanted to pull Su Kuan into the elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, it would not be difficult. There was no chance of winning a bet with him …
Su Yu-jin, Su Yu-ming, and the other Family Su elders looked at each other and smiled.
They had achieved their goal of verifying his identity.
After Luo Zheng sat down, Su Xin recounted the events that happened at the Seven Mountains Party. Su Xin was quite eloquent. When she talked about the fierce battle between Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, she danced with joy. Su Youxue and Su Kuan listened with shining eyes. The Family Su members listened with great interest. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had an unnatural expression on his face.
At the end of the day, Su Yu-jin seized the opportunity to tell Luo Zheng that the Nine Edges Refining Array was ready and could be set up the next day.
Nightfall …
Luo Zheng was meditating in the courtyard behind the Family Su.
After he absorbed the Stone Sealing Solution, his strength would reach a new level.
However, there were still many things he needed to ponder, such as the Fusion God Sword Technique, the Heart Flow Sword Technique, and the sword pattern technique. He would probably need to cultivate in seclusion after returning to Dragon City.
Outside the Su Family's courtyard, on the crown of a towering tree, two figures quietly crept within.
They were Tsurugi and Tsurugi, who were sent by Xu Youwei.
As members of the Dark Group, they did not lack assassination and investigation methods.
At this moment, a palm-sized mirror appeared above Tsurugi's head. It was called the Dark Looking Mirror.
If he used his Divine Sense to spy on the Family Su directly, he would be detected in an instant. However, with this Nirvana Realm Token, he could do it without being detected.
Tsurugi gently brushed his hand over the mirror, and an image appeared on it. It was a boudoir. A pretty girl from the Family Su was dressing herself in front of the mirror. Tsurugi could not help but take a second look. Tsurugi was scolded softly by Tsurugi, "Get down to business!"
Tsurugi brushed his hand over the mirror again. He glared at Tsurugi and said, "Disgusting!"
Tsurugi was confused. He looked over and saw two men hugging in the corner of the courtyard. So he slapped him again and said, "I have something to do for Young Master. You know what will happen if you delay it!"
As Tsurugi kept brushing his hand over the mirror, he saw every corner of the Family Su. Finally, he saw Luo Zheng in the center of a courtyard.
"Yes, he is in the Family Su." Tsurugi smiled and said, "Why don't we kill him now?"
"If we kill him now, Young Master Youwei will kill us!" Tsurugi said, "We should listen to Young Master Youwei."
Although Luo Zheng was an elite of the Heavenly Palace, the strength of the three members of the Dark Group had surpassed the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven.
In their eyes, both Luo Zheng and Xu Youwei were insignificant and could be killed easily. However, they were still afraid of Xu Youwei's stubborn character.
Luo Zheng was sitting quietly and did not notice that someone was spying on him. However, 9527's voice floated in his mind, "Luo Zheng, someone is spying on you."
"Spying on me? Why didn't I notice? "Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
His perception was different from that of ordinary people. It was impossible for him to not notice the spying of ordinary people. Since he needed 9527 to remind him, the spying was not a kind person!
"He is spying on you with the Nirvana Token. He is in the southwest," 9527 said.
Luo Zheng slowly got up and walked a few steps. The power in his body suddenly burst out. After crushing a few bluestones, he flew toward the southwest like a shuttle!
Tsurugi, who was on the top of the tree, saw Luo Zheng suddenly running wildly. He said with a puzzled face, "Tsurugi, this guy is running like a madman!"
"He found us! Idiot! Let's go! "Tsurugi's face darkened.
After confirming that Luo Zheng was in the Family Su, they could go back and report. If Luo Zheng ran away, they would be in big trouble.
"Impossible!"
"My Dark Spying Mirror can do this without anyone noticing. He must have some other reason …"
Tsurugi firmly believed that Luo Zheng could not have found him. However, Tsurugi grabbed his head and pointed to the distance, "Open your eyes!"
In the distance, a figure flashed and flew at an extremely fast speed on the top of the Family Su.
If the Family Su was not so big, Luo Zheng would have already reached the tree …
"Let's go!"
Tsurugi and Tsurugi did not hesitate anymore. They turned into a black track and rushed out of the tree.
The moment they rushed out of the tree, a blazing sword light came at their heads. The sword light was so bright that it was like a blooming sun, dimming the moonlight in the night.
"Puff!"
Tsurugi suddenly twisted his body and hit the sword light directly.
However, the sword light did not explode. Instead, it made a muffled sound as if it had cut through leather. Then the two disappeared into the night.
Luo Zheng stood on the wall of the Family Su with vigilance in his sharp eyes.

Chapter 2840
?
Luo Zheng's series of actions also alarmed the Family Su.
Several figures flew over from the Family Su's courtyard. Su Yu-jin landed on the courtyard wall, his eyes wandering.
"Who are they? Why are they lurking outside our Family Su's door? "Su Yu-jin asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't know. I feel like he's spying on me … No, maybe he's spying on the Family Su."
Luo Zheng was only suspecting now. Maybe they were spying on others and were discovered by 9527.
"Spying on the Family Su?"
Su Yu-jin's expression became serious.
The Family Su had made some enemies over the years of managing Fusu City. This was indeed something that the Family Su should pay attention to.
"Pass down my orders. This month, the guards have to step up their patrols. If they encounter any suspicious people, report it immediately," Su Yu-jin said.
"Yes!"
One of the people on the roof replied.
Then Su Yu-jin cupped his hands and smiled at Luo Zheng, "It's all thanks to Master Luo's sharp senses. But I don't think anyone in Fusu City would dare to touch the Family Su. Please rest assured and return to your room to rest."
Luo Zheng nodded. His figure floated up and returned to his courtyard.
The next day, under Su Yu-jin's lead, everyone left the Family Su and headed to the smelting site in Fusu City.
The Family Su had chosen this area to build Fusu City for a reason.
The water in the entire Ming Lake was abnormally cold. Only the water to the west of Ming Lake was much warmer. Even in the middle of winter, one could feel the warmth of Ming Lake. Even in the coldest weather, Ming Lake was never frozen.
After the Family Su's ancestors had investigated, they discovered that there was an exit to the Earth Fire Vein in this area.
The origin of this Earth Fire Vein could even be traced back to another state. The Family Su was overjoyed and chose to settle down here.
After that, the Family Su continued to dig and finally found a vein of earth fire.
This Earth Fire Vein was originally exclusive to the Family Su, but as more and more Weapon Refiners came, the Family Su opened it up to the public.
Luo Zheng, Su Yu-jin, and the rest went all the way to the west of the city. They saw a pitch-black mud wall dividing the settlement. The inside and outside of the mud wall were two completely different worlds. After crossing the mud wall, they would arrive at the smelting grounds, and the temperature would instantly soar!
In the smelting grounds, one could see half-naked refiners walking around at any time.
"At the smelting site, with the help of the Earth Fire Vein's power, the power of any refining formation will increase several times. This time, the speed of melting the sealed stone will be much faster," Su Yu-jin explained to Luo Zheng as he led the way.
"Then do we need Xue's help this time?" Luo Zheng asked.
Back in Jade Cloud City, the key to melting the sealed stone wasn't the fire, but Su Youxue's bloodline power.
Luo Zheng couldn't bear to destroy this little girl who was Su Kuan's childhood sweetheart.
"Of course," Su Yu-jin said, "During this time, Su Youxue hasn't been allowed to participate in Weapon Refinement, nor have we extracted her bloodline power. Most importantly, the Heavenly Palace has bestowed upon us a God Vein Pill to make up for our Family Su's loss!"
When Su Yu-jin mentioned the God Vein Pill, his face immediately brimmed with a smile, and there was even a trace of unconcealable excitement in his eyes.
"God Vein Pill?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes! Our Family Su never dreamed of obtaining such a sacred medicine, "Su Yu-jin said with a little pride," After all, a sacred medicine that can improve one's bloodline is very rare in the entire Heavenly Palace. It's said that only one can be refined every thousand years! "
"Improve one's bloodline!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
In the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng had never heard of any medicine that could improve one's bloodline …
Luo Zheng's bloodline didn't need to be improved. If it weren't for the Ancient God's bloodline, he would have the purest Royal Bloodline in Jiuli. Because of the descent of the Ancient God's bloodline, his bloodline had now become mixed.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about this, 9527's voice sounded, "Hmph, whether it's the God Vein Pill or the Ghost Vein Pill, it's possible to improve the bloodline of some small clans, but to improve the bloodline of our Ancient God? That's wishful thinking! "
"Is that so …" Luo Zheng's eyes were a little disappointed.
The Ancient God of Chaos had only passed on a portion of blood marrow to him. So far, his Ancient God bloodline hadn't improved at all. The power of the Truth Crystal he condensed wasn't enough, so he basically wouldn't use it to defend against the enemy.
Su Yu-jin didn't notice the change in Luo Zheng's expression, and continued, "Yes! Su Youxue's bloodline of the Fierce Gang Shadow Clan has become purer. As long as we don't squeeze too much, she'll have more than enough to deal with it. "
"This God Vein Pill can improve all bloodlines? For example, the bloodline of the Donghuang Inheritance can also be improved? That's not possible, is it? "Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Generally speaking, to transplant a bloodline, one had to inject blood marrow.
The Fierce Gang Shadow Clan was said to be extinct. It sounded unbelievable that a pill could improve the purity of bloodline.
Su Yu-jin laughed and said, "It seems that Mr. Luo has only joined the Heavenly Palace for a short time. It's naturally impossible for an ordinary alchemist to refine such a pill. However, the Lord of Taiyi Mountain personally refined the God Vein Pill. Her Nirvana Token is very mysterious. It's said that it can copy any object out of thin air. Bloodline … is naturally possible to copy."
"Copy out of thin air …" Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
Such an ability could only be used in the Inner World. For example, Luo Zheng could copy something out of thin air in his Inner World. But in the Mother World, he could do it with the Nirvana Token?
"Hey, hey, 9527, did you hear that?" Luo Zheng shouted in his heart, "That's the ability of the Lord of Taiyi Mountain. Maybe this God Vein Pill really has an effect?"
"In your dreams!" 9527 answered concisely.
Although 9527 thought that it was impossible, Luo Zheng's heart was still alive.
The Lord of Taiyi Mountain should be a figure second only to the Donghuang. The Nirvana Token she had must be extraordinary. Maybe it could really be done …
This time, when he returned to the Heavenly Palace, he would find a chance to ask Ling Shuang.
Luo Zheng followed Su Yu-jin and the others deeper into the smelting ground. The temperature was also scorching hot. From time to time, the black ground around them would spurt out traces of colorful light.
After walking for a while, they saw a fence made of solid iron in front of them.
The Family Su's Nine Edges Refining Array was placed in the fence.
After crossing the fence, Su Yu-jin gestured to Luo Zheng, "Please place the two magic treasures in the center."
Luo Zheng then took out the Luan Sword and the war hammer.
The Luan Sword was admittedly a top-grade magic treasure, but Luo Zheng had never used it even once. It would be a huge waste to directly melt it. However, in order to strengthen his body, he could only endure it.
After placing the two magic treasures, Su Kuan's uncles each took a position in the formation.

Chapter 2841
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Smelting
If it were ordinary metal, it would have turned to dust under the green light.
These two magic treasures were made from sealing stone, so they were much stronger than ordinary Nirvana Realm treasures.
Under the green light, they did not move at all.
The Nine Edges Refining Array was not stable when it was first activated, but after an hour, the green light gradually stabilized. The war hammer looked like it had a layer of sugar on it, and the blade of the Phoenix Sealing Sword also changed a little.
"This speed is really fast …" Luo Zheng stared at the weapon and said curiously.
Su Yu-jin left his array core, but said to Luo Zheng, "Only the impurities are melted, and we still have to remove them over and over again. This process is very complicated and will take at least three days. Does Young Master Luo want to wait here all the time?"
Using sealing stone to forge magic treasures required other materials, so they had to get these materials out.
"Wait." Luo Zheng nodded.
It was not that he did not trust his Family Su, but this sealing stone solution was too important, so he could not afford to lose it.
Four hours later, Su Youxue was also brought over.
Beside the Nine Edges Refining Array, there was a blood-colored formation. This scene was exactly the same as in Jade Cloud City.
However, Su Youxue was no longer afraid. With the help of the God Vein Pill, her bloodline had improved greatly. Accompanied by Su Kuan, she calmly stepped into the blood-colored formation.
Traces of the Fierce Gang Shadow Race's bloodline power were extracted and entered the two magic treasures.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
A thin silver thread was extracted from the Phoenix Sealing Sword, turning into a small silver metal ball.
"This is Sword Rain Steel, a very precious material. I personally melted it into the sealing stone. I never thought that I would be able to take it back one day." Su Yu-jin sighed.
Although he was reluctant to part with the Phoenix Sealing Sword, since Luo Zheng was determined to destroy it, he could only let it be.
"Buzz —"
Another thin golden thread was extracted from the Phoenix Sealing Sword. This was Golden Silkworm Gold, which was also very expensive.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
All kinds of materials were pulled out from the Phoenix Sealing Sword like silk from a cocoon, turning into small round balls that floated around him.
At this moment, Warhammer next to him also moved.
"Zi …"
Strands of black light flickered as they were drawn out, quickly converging into droplets of black metallic liquid. These droplets of liquid emitted a strange stench, causing people to cover their noses.
Seeing the black liquid, Su Yu-jin, Su You Ming, and the others' eyes lit up.
"It's Magic Forging Steel! Patriarch! "
"This small hammer is actually made of Magic Forging Steel! This was probably a weapon from the Qian Beast Clan! No wonder it's a war hammer! "
"The Qian Beast Clan is really wasting natural resources by forging the Demonic Forging Steel and the Sealing Stone into such a Nirvana Token!"
The Qian Beast Race was also a race that lived underground. After living underground for a long time, their eyes had already degenerated, but their physical bodies were extremely strong. They were also one of the major races in the underground world.
The Qian Beast Race was very good at digging and had many materials that other races couldn't get their hands on. However, the Qian Beast Race and the Eared Mouse Race were great enemies and the two races had been fighting for countless years.
Magic Forging Steel was a material that only the Qian Beast Race possessed. It couldn't be bought on the market at all, and even if it was available, it would be at a sky-high price.
Such a large warhammer had been infused with a lot of Magic Forging Steel …
As more and more black droplets floated around Su Yu-jin, Su Yu-jin couldn't help but look at Luo Zheng.
The Family Su didn't mention anything about payment, but the price of using the Nine Edges Refining Array once was not small. The materials extracted from the two faith treasures naturally belonged to the Family Su.
However, the Magic Forging Steel that was extracted was of extraordinary value, so Su Yu-jin was too embarrassed to take it for himself.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't plan on taking these materials at all. Not only that, he would also give the Family Su a sum of divine crystals.
He noticed Su Yu-jin's gaze and said with a smile, "I don't know how to refine tools. No matter how precious these materials are, they are useless to me. It's better for the Family Su to make the best use of them."
"Haha, Sir Luo is so forthright. This old man will kindly accept them!" Su Yu-jin didn't refuse.
Several hours later, the materials inside the magic treasures were all extracted. The Luan Sealing Sword and warhammer floating in the air became bumpy, but they still maintained their original shape. After all, they were formed from the sealing stone. Although the other materials were melted, the sealing stone didn't change.
A day later, the Luan Sealing Sword's body was broken, and the warhammer's head was broken in half.
Two days later, the Luan Sealing Sword had turned into a pile of hard mud. The warhammer's situation was similar. Although it looked soft, it was actually very hard.
This time, there was no rush to squeeze Su Youxue. She only came for four to six hours each day before being taken away by Su Kuan.
On the third day, Su Youxue came early in the morning and began to contribute the power of her bloodline.
Several hours later, the two lumps of mud floating in the green pillar of light became soft and began to fuse into one …
"Pa!"
Su Yu-jin lightly patted and a small bottle flew out. He spat out a word, "Collect!"
"Gululu …"
The lump of sealing stone solution was completely absorbed into the bottle. Then, Su Yu-jin tossed the bottle to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng held the heavy bottle of sealing stone solution and sincerely cupped his hands towards Su Yu-jin, "Many thanks to Family Su."
Saying this, he took out a spatial ring and handed it to Su Yu-jin, "The Nine Edges Refining Array can be said to be the number one refining array in the Heavenly Palace. I heard Su Kuan say that it costs a lot to activate. Here are 20 million god crystals. Although it can't cover the cost of the array, I hope Family Head will kindly accept it."
"20 million god crystals …."
The Family Su did not lack god crystals, but Su Yu-jin was very surprised that Luo Zheng could casually take out 20 million god crystals. However, he immediately refused, "You are Kuan 'er's friend and you saved his life. How can you take god crystals for such a small matter?"
Luo Zheng was indeed very insistent. After the two of them declined several times, Su Yu-jin suddenly said, "That's right, the Thousand Waves Pavilion Grand Assembly is in one day. My Family Su naturally cannot accept these 20 million god crystals, but could Young Master Luo help out my Family Su?"
"Help out?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Yes, the Thousand Waves Pavilion Grand Assembly is a big day for the families around Ming Lake. At that time, the younger generation will fight in the arena. Since Young Master Luo is an elite of the Heavenly Palace, you must have the strength to do so," Su Yu-jin said.
Luo Zheng had come for the sealing stone solution and was not interested in the arena fights. He was more inclined to pay god crystals.
At this time, Su Kuan also said, "That's right, Banner Lord! The Thousand Waves Pavilion Grand Assembly is very fun! It's the biggest festival in Ming Lake. We can't miss it. "
In the face of the father and son's warm invitation, Luo Zheng finally agreed.
After receiving the sealing stone solution, Luo Zheng was very excited.
After returning to the Family Su's backyard, he set up a restriction boundary with a flip of his hand. At the same time, he took off his clothes.
He lifted the lid of the bottle, and the Stone Sealing Solution slowly flowed out.

Chapter 2842
?
Sitting quietly in his room, Luo Zheng recalled what had happened in Guanshan Province.
Absorbing the Stone Sealing Solution had been a freak combination of factors...
His body had been incinerated by the Golden Crow Divine Fire, and the runes on his body had absorbed the Divine Fire.
This time, Luo Zheng naturally wanted to imitate the scene from back then.
He stretched out his hand and gently drew a line across his chest, causing a wisp of flame to rise from his chest.
In the blink of an eye, the flame had spread to his entire body.
In the past, every time Luo Zheng absorbed a type of flame, the strength of his body would increase. However, as his body continued to grow, absorbing flames was no longer enough to strengthen his body.
Moreover, when ordinary flames burned his body, they couldn't cause any reaction!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng had already reached the Peak of the Fledgling Divine Dao Stage, and would occasionally cultivate it.
Although the flames he cultivated were inferior to those experts who specialized in fire, they were still quite powerful.
Under Luo Zheng's constant urging, his body had already burned through and turned red...
As the flames grew stronger, traces of golden light appeared on the surface of his body.
This golden light was produced by the True Meaning of Dao within his body. If this golden light was allowed to bloom, he would quickly escape to the other side.
Luo Zheng had already confirmed this in the Divine Realm...
However, although Luo Zheng didn't know the true nature of this True Meaning of Dao, Luo Zheng could still choose to prevent it from taking effect.
Therefore, when he encountered other flames, Luo Zheng could suppress them and not be inexplicably sent to the other side.
As the golden light was suppressed, the golden runes began to swirl again, transforming into small whirlpools that began to absorb his own flames.
As Luo Zheng maintained the raging flames burning his body, he lightly pointed at the ball of Stone Sealing Solution. The Stone Sealing Solution had already landed on his shoulder.
"Slurp..."
The Stone Sealing Solution slid down his shoulder. As it slid down, a small portion was already absorbed into the whirlpool.
Last time, Luo Zheng had only learned about absorbing the Stone Sealing Solution after the fact. Now that he saw it with his own eyes, he felt that it was inconceivable.
If he could absorb the Stone Sealing Solution, then wouldn't he be able to absorb any random thing?
Luo Zheng restrained this abnormal thought and concentrated on absorbing the stone sealing solution.
After about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the solution that had slid along Luo Zheng's skin had completely disappeared.
As Luo Zheng extinguished the flames on the surface of his body, a patch of black skin spread down from his shoulder like an irregular map.
"It's done …"
Seeing this pattern again, Luo Zheng felt a hint of joy in his heart.
With a slight thought, the black map faded from the surface of his skin and continued to spread along his ribs, quickly extending to his arm bones.
Most of the time, Luo Zheng would hide the Stone Sealing Solution in his right arm. The two streams of Stone Sealing Solution would quickly merge into a ball, firmly sealing every inch of his arm!
Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly focused, and the Strength God Totem's Paramita Power surged forth!
"700 Shen Jun!"
Previously, Luo Zheng's bones were fractured when his strength reached 700 Godly Jun. This time, he directly challenged this limit.
In the pitch-black arm, the terrifying Paramita Power began to gather.
The enormous power caused the space around Luo Zheng's right arm to begin to distort and sink …
This time, Luo Zheng easily bore it.
"800 Godly Jun!"
He could still bear it.
His right arm was soaked in the Stone Sealing Solution and had turned into an extremely sturdy Paramita Treasure. Furthermore, with Luo Zheng's flesh and bones as support, it was even sturdier than those Paramita Treasures!
"900 Godly Jun!"
"1000 Godly Jun!"
"1100 Godly Jun!"
"1200 Godly Jun!"
Pure Paramita Power surged in Luo Zheng's arm.
If this power was released in a certain form, the destructive power it would cause would be unimaginable!
"1000 Godly Jun is already the limit of the Color Realm. It seems like my body can still bear more power," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
He had cultivated three True Meanings of Dao. Naturally, his Dao techniques could integrate another Paramita Token.
On the second day of the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng went to the Paramita Temple to absorb the soul crystal as a reward. His Yang Soul had grown again. After returning to the Heavenly Palace, he should continue to explore the Paramita.
On the morning of the second day.
In Fusu City, a giant drum that was three hundred feet long was placed on the stage.
A person covered in copper powder flew up and crashed into the giant drum at an extremely fast speed.
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
Under the beating of this person, the giant drum produced an earth-shattering sound that spread throughout the entire Fusu City. It could be heard clearly even a hundred miles away from the city.
All the reputable people in Fusu City were dressed up and walking on the streets.
The Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering was the grandest festival at Ming Lake.
"Before the East Emperor, humans surrounded Ming Lake to complain about warmth. If there were birds and beasts, they would use the giant drum to scare them … Later on, the East Emperor found a handful of Taiyi Holy Water in Ming Lake. After drinking that handful of Taiyi Holy Water, he had his current transformation!" Su Kuan explained to Luo Zheng.
"Taiyi Holy Water?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Su Kuan smiled faintly and said, "That was just made up by later generations. Ming Lake is so big. Even if there really was such holy water, how could there only be a handful? Later on, the humans around Ming Lake became more and more prosperous. The Thousand Waves Pavilion was built and became a symbol of the humans around Ming Lake … "
"Dong Dong Dong Dong Dong!"
That person continued to beat the giant drum. Below him, two tall and sturdy men lifted the giant drum and walked out of Fu Su City. The men and women in the city followed closely behind them.
The people of Family Su stood on the flying chariots and slowly advanced above the crowd.
The flying chariot at the front had a huge appearance and a large "Su" character was written on it. Su Yu-jin was sitting in it. Luo Zheng and Su Kuan sat behind Su Yu-jin, followed by a few of Su Kuan's uncles.
"Who is that person behind the head of Family Su?"
"How can he be qualified to sit there?"
"Su Kuan actually came back …"
The Family Su was the face of Fusu City. The seats on the first flying chariot were very honorable. Seeing Luo Zheng sitting behind Su Yu-jin, this person must be an honorable guest of the Family Su. Naturally, the people of Fusu City were very curious.
After leaving the city, the huge group of people walked along Ming Lake.
On one side of Ming Lake, the willow trees provided shade and the scenery was beautiful.
As they walked along Ming Lake, people from other cities also gathered. In front of them, there were also people who took the lead to beat the drums.
The drummers from other cities seemed to be competing with each other. The giant drums were like thunder, and the scene was very lively.
About two hours later, Luo Zheng saw a black line appear on Ming Lake. As he got closer, he realized that the black line was a peninsula on Ming Lake. On the island, there was a delicate pavilion.
"This is the Thousand Waves Pavilion?"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. He was quite disappointed. He originally thought that the Thousand Waves Pavilion would be a magnificent building, but he didn't expect it to be so ordinary.
Editor: Modlawls123
Sitting quietly in his room, Luo Zheng recalled the events of Guanshan Prefecture.
At that time, he had absorbed the solution of the Sealing Stone by accident …
His body had been burned by the Golden Crow Divine Fire. As the runes on his body continuously absorbed the Divine Fire, they had also absorbed the Sealing Stone into his body.
This time, Luo Zheng naturally wanted to imitate the scene at that time.
He stretched out his hand and lightly drew a line across his chest. A wisp of flame soared up from his chest.
In the blink of an eye, the flame had spread to his entire body.
In the past, every time Luo Zheng absorbed a type of flame, the strength of his body would increase. However, as his body continued to grow, absorbing flames could no longer strengthen his body.
Moreover, when ordinary flames burned his body, they couldn't cause any reaction!
"Hua!"
Luo Zheng had reached the consummate stage of the Fledgling Divine Path. He would occasionally cultivate it.
Although the flames he cultivated weren't as strong as those experts who specialized in fire, their power wasn't weak either.
Under Luo Zheng's constant urging, his body had already burned through and turned red …
As the flames grew stronger, traces of golden light appeared on the surface of his body.
This golden light was produced by the True Meaning of Dao contained within his body. If this golden light was allowed to bloom, he would quickly escape to the other side.
This was something Luo Zheng had already confirmed long ago in the Divine Realm …
However, although Luo Zheng didn't know the true nature of this True Meaning of Dao, Luo Zheng could still choose to prevent it from taking effect.
Thus, when he encountered other flames, Luo Zheng could suppress them and not be inexplicably sent to the other side.
As the golden light was suppressed, the golden runes began to swirl again, transforming into small whirlpools that began to absorb his own flames.
As Luo Zheng maintained the raging flames burning his body, he lightly pointed at the ball of Sealing Stone Solution. The Sealing Stone Solution had already landed on his shoulder.
"Slurp …"
The Sealing Stone Solution slid down his shoulder. As it slid down, a small portion of it had already been absorbed into the whirlpool.
Last time, Luo Zheng had only learned about the Sealing Stone Solution after the fact. This time, he saw it with his own eyes and felt that it was inconceivable.
If he could absorb the Sealing Stone Solution, then wouldn't he be able to absorb all sorts of random things?
Luo Zheng suppressed this abnormal thought and focused on absorbing the Sealing Stone Solution.
After about the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the solution that slid down Luo Zheng's skin had completely disappeared.
As Luo Zheng dispersed the flames on the surface of his body, a piece of black skin could be seen spreading down from his shoulder, like an irregular map.
"It's done …"
Seeing this pattern again, Luo Zheng felt a trace of joy in his heart.
With a slight thought, this black map receded from the surface of his skin and continued to spread along his ribs, quickly extending to the bones of his arm.
Most of the time, Luo Zheng hid the Sealing Stone Solution in his right arm. The two streams of Sealing Stone Solution converged and quickly merged into a ball, firmly sealing every inch of his arm!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused, and the power of the Strength God Totem surged out!
"Seven hundred Godly Jun!"
Previously, Luo Zheng had fractured his arm at the strength of seven hundred Godly Jun. This time, he directly challenged this limit.
In the pitch-black arm, the terrifying power of the Paramita began to converge.
The enormous power caused the space around Luo Zheng's right arm to begin to distort and sink …
This time, Luo Zheng easily bore it.
"Eight hundred Godly Jun!"
He could still bear it.
His right arm was soaked in the Sealing Stone Solution and had turned into an incomparably sturdy Paramita Treasure. Furthermore, with Luo Zheng's flesh and bones as support, it was even sturdier than those Paramita Treasures!
"Nine hundred Godly Jun!"
"One thousand Godly Jun!"
"One thousand one hundred Godly Jun!"
"One thousand two hundred Godly Jun!"
The pure power of the Paramita Treasure surged in Luo Zheng's arm.
If this power was released in a certain form, the destructive power it could cause would be unimaginable!
"One thousand Godly Jun is already the limit of the Color Realm. It seems like my physical body can still bear more power," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
He had cultivated three types of True Meaning of Dao. Naturally, his Dao technique could integrate another Paramita Token.
On the second day of the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng went to the Paramita Temple to absorb the soul crystal as a reward. His Sun Soul had grown again. After returning to the Heavenly Palace, he should continue to explore the Paramita Treasure.
Early morning of the second day.
In Fusu City, a giant drum that was three hundred feet in size was placed on the stage.
A person covered in copper powder flew up and crashed into the giant drum at an extremely fast speed.
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
Under the beating of this person, the giant drum produced an earth-shattering sound that spread throughout the entire Fusu City. It could be heard clearly even a hundred miles away from the city.
All the reputable people in Fusu City were dressed up and walking on the streets.
The Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering was the grandest festival at Ming Lake.
"Before the East Emperor, the human race surrounded Ming Lake to complain and stay warm. If there were birds and beasts, they would use the giant drum to scare them … Later on, the East Emperor found a handful of Taiyi Holy Water in Ming Lake. After drinking that handful of Taiyi Holy Water, he had his current transformation!" Su Kuan explained to Luo Zheng.
"Taiyi Holy Water?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Su Kuan smiled and said, "That was just made up by the later generations. Ming Lake is so big. Even if there really was such holy water, how could there only be a handful? Later on, the human race around Ming Lake became more and more prosperous. The Thousand Waves Pavilion was built and became a symbol of the human race at Ming Lake … "
"Dong dong dong dong dong!"
That person continued to beat the giant drum. Below him, two tall and sturdy men lifted the giant drum and walked out of Fu Su City. The men and women in the city followed closely behind them.
The people from the Family Su stood on the flying chariots and moved slowly above the crowd.
The flying chariot at the front had a huge appearance and a large "Su" character was written on it. Su Yu-jin was sitting in it. Luo Zheng and Su Kuan sat behind Su Yu-jin, followed by Su Kuan's uncles and others.
"Who is that person behind the head of the Family Su?"
"How can he be qualified to sit there?"
"Su Kuan actually came back …"
The Family Su was the face of Fusu City. The seats on the first flying chariot were very honorable. Seeing Luo Zheng sitting behind Su Yu-jin, this person must be an honorable guest of the Family Su. Naturally, the people of Fusu City were very curious.
After leaving the city, the huge group followed Ming Lake.
On one side of Ming Lake, the willow trees provided shade and the scenery was beautiful.
As they walked along Ming Lake, people from other cities also gathered. In front of them, there were also people who took the lead to beat the drum.
The drummers from the other big cities seemed to be competing with each other. They beat the giant drums like thunder, and the scene was very lively.
After about two hours, Luo Zheng saw a black line appear on Ming Lake. As he got closer, he realized that the black line was a peninsula on Ming Lake. On the island, there was a delicate pavilion.
"This is the Thousand Waves Pavilion?"
Luo Zheng blinked and was rather disappointed. He originally thought that the Thousand Waves Pavilion would be a magnificent building. He didn't expect it to be so ordinary.

Chapter 2843
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Xu Youwei's Strategy
The Thousand Waves Pavilion was a place of worship for the big families around Ming Lake. It looked ordinary from the outside.
"Yes! That's the Thousand Waves Pavilion! "Su Kuan answered with a smile." The Thousand Waves Pavilion looks ordinary from the outside, but there's a mystery hidden inside! "
"What is it this time?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Su Kuan kept Luo Zheng in suspense. "If Banner Master can help our Family Su defeat them, you'll know what's inside. Hehe …"
The giant drums were thrown onto the surface of the lake and connected to each other to form a huge platform.
Dozens of people representing their families were jumping on the platform. Every time the drums sounded, the lake water would burst out from the gaps between the drums, forming water curtains. The scene was spectacular.
Hundreds of thousands of people had gathered around Ming Lake. They cheered loudly as they watched the water curtains.
After the drummers finished their performance, other people flew onto the giant drums to perform.
There were songs and dances, performances, and so on …
Luo Zheng didn't want to waste time, but since he was invited by the Family Su, he had to watch patiently and relax.
While watching the performances, Luo Zheng faintly felt that someone was watching him from afar.
However, there were too many people here. He glanced around but didn't find this person.
In the direction of the Xu Family, there was an exquisite hut built on a large flying chariot.
Xu Youwei stared at Luo Zheng from the window in the hut. "Hmph, he really came!"
"He came to Ming Lake at this time. Naturally, he will participate in the Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering. Does Young Master Youwei really want to make a move in front of everyone?" Hezhen asked.
After confirming that Luo Zheng was in the Family Su, Hezhen came back to discuss a plan to kill Luo Zheng.
The simplest way was to tail Luo Zheng. When he was alone, they would swarm him and subdue Luo Zheng. Then, Young Master Youwei could kill him with one strike.
However, Xu Youwei rejected this plan.
There were too many capable people in the Heavenly Palace. No matter how well he did it, it was still possible for someone to find out the truth.
"The Thousand Waves Pavilion is a gathering where the younger generation of each clan will compete against each other. The Family Su is just a group of refiners. What can they do? At that time, our Xu Family will be pressuring the Family Su, and the Family Su will definitely ask Luo Zheng for help. As long as he shows up, everything will be easy, "Xu Youwei said calmly.
In Xu Youwei's eyes, Luo Zheng was not on the same level as him.
In the arena, life and death were up to fate. Killing Luo Zheng here would be honorable, and the Heart Sword Sect could not say anything.
Hezhen and Hegui glanced at each other secretly. They were a little worried. That night, Luo Zheng had slashed Hezhen with his sword. Although Hezhen had blocked the attack, the strength he had displayed was not ordinary.
Moreover, Tsurugi's Dark Looking Glass had been discovered by Luo Zheng. It could be seen that this kid's perception was extremely sharp!
However, Xu Youwei was too arrogant. They did not dare to mention this. After all, they could not say that their Young Master was not as good as an outsider, right?
However, Xu Youwei's strength was indeed top-notch among his peers. He was about to enter the 14th Heavenly Layer. He was confident that he could kill that kid.
Four hours later, the performances were finally over. The Xu Family Head appeared on the drum.
The battle at the Thousand Waves Pavilion was the highlight of this gathering.
The final winner would enter the Thousand Waves Pavilion.
The Xu Family had won last year, so according to tradition, the Xu Family would be the first to choose their opponent this year.
The large clans present could only send two people each, which meant that there were only two chances. Naturally, they had to be very careful when choosing their opponents.
"This year, the Xu Family's opponent is …" The Xu Family Head looked at the Family Su and said, "Family Su!"
Hearing the Xu Family Head's choice, Su Yu-jin was momentarily stunned. The Family Su members were also confused.
Family Su was proficient in refining tools. The strength of their disciples was not considered strong in the Minghu Family. Normally, very few clans would choose them as their first target. According to Su Yu-jin's thinking, the Xu Family should choose the Li Family or the Jia Family.
When the others heard this choice, they were also buzzing with discussion.
The Xu Family Head's face flashed with a trace of helplessness. He was not willing to choose the Family Su as his opponent. However, how could he dare to disobey Xu Youwei's orders?
Fortunately, Xu Youwei had agreed that he would personally participate in this year's Thousand Waves Pavilion gathering!
Xu Youwei was a direct descendant! Among his peers in the Heavenly Palace, he was also an outstanding figure. In this Thousand Waves Pavilion gathering, he could sweep away all his opponents!
Normally, it was rare for a clan to enter the Thousand Waves Pavilion gathering for two consecutive years. If His Highness was willing to help, then it was a done deal.
The Xu Family Head said, "Xu Zilin! Fight for our Xu Family! "
"What?"
"Letting Xu Zilin fight so quickly?"
The various clans were even more confused about the Xu Family Head's choice.
Xu Zilin was the most powerful expert among the younger generation of the Xu Family. He was also an elite of the Heavenly Palace's Taihao Mountain. Last year, they had relied on Xu Zilin to enter the Thousand Waves Pavilion. Was the Xu Family Head's brain damaged to put Xu Zilin in the first place?
Every clan could only send two people, and the Xu Family was the first to fight. Even if Xu Zilin was powerful, it would be hard for him to endure dozens of rounds of consecutive battles!
When Xu Zilin was defeated, would the Xu Family be able to find someone more powerful?
"Sou!"
In the Xu Family's direction, a white-clothed youth walked out from the lake. His toes lightly stepped on the lake, causing a series of heavy waves to rise and fall, causing the huge drums to float on the water surface.
"Dong!"
Xu Zilin stood on the giant drum with an unyielding expression on his face.
What's so great about Xu Youwei! Isn't he just relying on his background? Since I'm the first to fight, I'll beat all my opponents to the ground and make you, Xu Youwei, have no one to fight! Xu Zilin thought to himself.
Being chosen by the Xu Family in the first round, and his opponent being the most powerful of the Xu Family, Xu Zilin, made Su Yu-jin's expression difficult.
"Family Head! Su Er requests to fight! "
"Family Head! Su Xin requests to fight! "
"Family Head! Su Shi requests to fight! "
The three people who returned from the Heavenly Palace were the most powerful of the younger generation of the Family Su.
Su Yu-jin thought for a moment, then said, "Su Xin, you fight!"
Su Xin was an elite of the Heavenly Palace, and his strength should be above Su Er and Su Shi.
Unexpectedly, Su Xin shook his head and said, "Uncle, it's not my turn to fight yet."
On one hand, Su Xin didn't want to fight Xu Zilin. On the other hand, he felt that he was the last of the Family Su and should be the second to fight.
"You go," Su Yu-jin said stubbornly.
The last time the Family Su entered the Thousand Waves Pavilion was many years ago. Most of the time, the Family Su could only serve as a foil.
This time, since the Family Su was able to invite Luo Zheng as external aid, they naturally had to make good use of him!
Su Xin couldn't resist Su Yu-jin's order. He shook his head and could only step forward and stand on the huge drums.

Chapter 2844
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Xu Family's plan
When Su Xin heard this, his face instantly turned ugly.
Three years ago, Su Xin once fought with Xu Zilin. With just one move, Su Xin was defeated by Xu Zilin.
Then, Xu Zilin said "trash" and kicked Su Xin into the lake.
To Su Xin, this was the biggest humiliation in his life.
In these three years, Su Xin worked especially hard. This was also the motivation for him to become an elite disciple!
"Don't look down on me. A scholar who has been away for three days must be looked at with new eyes …" Su Xin also realized that this was a chance to avenge his humiliation.
The smile on Xu Zilin's face became even wider. "I know that you have already become an elite of Tai Qing Mountain. But while you are improving, so am I. Furthermore, my improvement speed is faster than yours … In front of me, you will always be trash!"
"Buzz!"
With a wave of Xu Zilin's hand, six rays of cold light shot out from his back and circled around Xu Zilin at high speed.
Xu Zilin stomped his foot and the huge drum below him was completely pressed into the water. His entire body dragged along an afterimage as he charged towards Su Xin.
Facing Xu Zilin's attack, Su Xin's eyes widened and a purple sword appeared in his hand.
As a disciple of the Family Su, the treasured sword that he held was naturally not of a low grade. It was a Nirvana Realm Dao Treasure.
Once this Nirvana Realm Dao Treasure was used, the purple light turned into faint snake shadows and swept towards Xu Zilin!
When the people of Minghu Family saw this scene, their eyes were filled with surprise.
On one hand, they were surprised by Su Xin's improvement. On the other hand, the first battle was actually so intense. This was very rare in the Thousand Waves Pavilion.
The purple snake shadows released by Su Xin opened their bloody mouths and were about to swallow Xu Zilin.
But just as they approached, the cold light that surrounded Xu Zilin sped over!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
The six cold light emitted a dazzling brilliance and accurately slashed at the purple snake shadows. The unusually fierce purple snake shadows were actually cut into halves by the cold light!
"Weak!"
Xu Zilin sneered. The six cold light circled around at an even faster speed. Like a whirlwind, they killed the remaining purple snake shadows and went straight for Su Xin!
"Nine Nether Flying Snake Sword Shadow …"
"It was broken so easily?"
"How is this possible?"
Su Xin did not expect that the sword art that she had painstakingly cultivated would be easily broken by Xu Zilin. For a moment, she was somewhat unable to accept this fact.
In the face of Xu Zilin's attack, Su Xin clenched his teeth and stomped his foot. His body twisted abruptly to avoid the cold light. But just as he was about to land on the drum, Xu Zilin's figure strangely appeared beside him and kicked him directly in the chest.
Bang!
"Huala …"
Su Xin was directly kicked into the water by Xu Zilin, causing a huge splash.
"Three years ago, I defeated a piece of trash like you in one move. Three years later, it's still the same move. Looks like a piece of trash like you hasn't improved." Xu Zilin waved his hand.
When the Family Su members heard this, they all turned gloomy.
"This Xu Zilin is too arrogant!"
"Suel requests for battle!"
"Su Si requests for battle!"
Su Er and Su Shi's faces were full of anger. They wanted to win back some face for their Family Su, so they immediately asked Su Yu-jin to fight.
In the end, Su Yu-jin was the head of the Family Su, so there was no change in his expression.
He couldn't figure out what the Xu Family was doing, but the Xu Family deliberately chose the Family Su as their target and provoked them greatly. There must be a purpose. But Su Yu-jin probably couldn't figure out that the Xu Family's target was Luo Zheng.
"Why are you in such a hurry? The Family Su didn't issue another challenge! "Su Yu-jin replied.
Only the winner had the right to challenge others, and the loser could only wait for the other party to choose.
In this kind of arena, the later the better. This way, they could avoid a tag-team battle. Most families didn't want to be chosen by the Xu Family.
At this time, the head of the Xu Family said again, "The second opponent chosen by the Xu Family is still the Family Su!"
Su Youhuo, Su Youming, and the other Family Su elders suddenly stood up and glared fiercely at the head of the Xu Family.
Su Yu-jin also frowned slightly. How did the Family Su offend the Xu Family? Why did they want to eliminate the Family Su right from the start?
Xu Youwei stayed in the small window and silently watched the Family Su's movements.
If the Family Su still had a glimmer of hope of winning, they would ask Luo Zheng for help. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, the plan would have to be changed.
"What's going on with the Xu Family?"
"They don't have too much bad blood with the Family Su …."
"Anyway, the possibility of the Family Su entering the Thousand Waves Pavilion is very small. What's the use of forcing the Family Su out?"
The Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering was a joyous occasion. Even if there were some families in Ming Hu who had bad blood with each other, they wouldn't be at each other's throats today.
If they were forced out by the Xu Family right from the start, it would be the biggest joke. The Family Su would lose all face in Fu Su City.
Su Yu-jin thought for a moment before turning his head to Luo Zheng and smiling: "Will Young Master Luo be willing to fight for our Family Su?"
He didn't want Luo Zheng to help the Family Su enter the Thousand Waves Pavilion. He just wanted to save some face.
"Banner Lord …." Su Kuan looked at him with eager eyes.
Luo Zheng had already agreed to Su Yu-jin's request yesterday. After all, the Family Su had helped him dissolve the Sealing Stone, so he owed them a favor. Since that was the case, he naturally had no reason to refuse.
He nodded and stood up from his seat. With a light leap, his figure floated over everyone's heads and flew towards Ming Hu, landing lightly on one of the giant drums.
"Young Master Youwei, he's up!"
"That brat really went up on stage!"
"Everything is within Young Master's expectations!"
Tsura Zhen and Tsura Gui praised. Xu Youwei's lips curled up, and a casual smile appeared on his face.
At this moment, Crane Guard suddenly said: "Have you thought about what would happen if Luo Zheng won and he didn't issue a challenge to the Xu Family?"
Xu Youwei, Tsura Zhen, and Tsura Gui were all stunned.
According to the rules of the Thousand Waves Pavilion, only the winner could issue a challenge ….
"Don't worry! The one issuing the challenge is the head of the Family Su. We'll just force the head of the Family Su to challenge our Xu Family later, "Xu Youwei said coldly.
….
On the giant drum, Xu Zilin looked at Luo Zheng with an arrogant face and smiled: "You're not a member of the Family Su, are you?"
"No," Luo Zheng replied.
Xu Zilin reached out and pointed lightly at the shore of Ming Hu. "Since you're an outsider from the Family Su, I suggest you don't get involved in this mess. Admit defeat and leave. It's not too late."
Xu Zilin was also an elite of the Taihao Mountain. The participants of the Seven Mountains Meeting were all personally appointed by Xu Youwei. Xu Zilin was not invited, so he had never seen Luo Zheng before.
Luo Zheng calmly pulled out his Snow Sword and said unhurriedly: "It's still muddy water. We'll only know after we cross it. Besides, I've signed a favor with the Family Su. Since I've agreed, there's no reason to back out."
"Then you'll definitely regret it." Xu Zilin shook his head, not taking Luo Zheng seriously at all.
Then, the six cold lights behind him burst out and turned into little cold stars. As the cold air spread, a thin layer of ice suddenly appeared on the surface of the lake!
"Whoosh!"

Chapter 2845
?
♂ ️
Xu Zilin's goal was to challenge all the families in Minghu by himself.
He realized that the way he treated Su Xin was too gentle.
Only by using thunderous means could he intimidate those guys and make them not dare to face him!
This time, Xu Zilin attacked with all his strength!
"Snow Treading Mark!"
The moment he charged at Luo Zheng, all the tokens of the Nirvana Realm had been activated.
Six cold rays of light shot towards Luo Zheng together with his longsword. This strike contained the power of two hundred godly catties!
Whether it was the sword or the power, he was confident that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to fight back.
"Whoosh!"
But the moment Xu Zilin stabbed at Luo Zheng, he suddenly discovered something strange.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. His eyes were as calm as a bottomless lake. His eyes weren't indifferent, but he obviously didn't take Xu Zilin seriously.
Where did his confidence come from?
Xu Zilin could only think of this strange idea in an instant.
Then he saw Luo Zheng lift his sword slightly. The Snow Treading Sword crossed with Xu Zilin's sword, and then gently moved to the side.
Xu Zilin's entire body crashed into Luo Zheng's shoulder!
"Bang!"
With Xu Zilin's momentum, even if he crashed into a huge mountain, the mountain range would crack. But the moment he crashed into Luo Zheng, he felt that Luo Zheng was like an extremely hard and stubborn rock. He couldn't move him at all!
Not only that, but the force from Luo Zheng's shoulder crashed into his body instead.
Xu Zilin's entire body flew backward, and the six cold lights collapsed along with him.
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
His entire body bounced on the surface of the giant drums. When he rushed to the surface of the water, he made a series of ripples on the surface of the water, and finally fell into the water with a loud crash.
"So strong …"
The Liu, Chen, and Li family leaders and elites who were watching the fight were shocked when they saw this scene.
They didn't know why the Xu family was making things difficult for the Family Su. They guessed that the Family Su had done something to offend the Chen family. The other families naturally wanted to watch the show.
When Luo Zheng went on stage, they thought that Family Su would lose for sure.
Family Su was going to be eliminated in the second round. This would probably set a new record!
However, he never expected that the aid that the Family Su invited would be so powerful!
This Xu Zilin was the number one person in the younger generation of the Xu Family!
"Interesting! The Xu Family wanted to deal with the Family Su, but now they've shot themselves in the foot! "
"Once Xu Zilin is defeated, the Xu family will have no backup plans!"
"I'm afraid that the Xu family is asking for humiliation, right?"
When the Family Su saw this, they were naturally overjoyed.
Su Yu-jin and the others had seen Luo Zheng's strength before in Jade Cloud City. Although Luo Zheng's means of not fearing the divine fire had shocked them, his true strength should still be inferior to those elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
A few days ago, Su Xin flattered Luo Zheng, which made the Family Su more confident in Luo Zheng.
Even so, they didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so relaxed about Xu Zilin …
The Family Su's side was full of enthusiasm, while the Xu Family's side was the opposite.
"Family Head, I already said that we shouldn't have sent Xu Zilin to fight. Aren't you cutting off your own path of retreat?"
"Who else in our Xu Family can fight now?"
"Sigh, we're done for …"
The Xu Family didn't know about Xu Youwei's plan, nor did they know that Xu Youwei would fight. They only knew that the Family Head's actions were simply inexplicable.
The Family Head's expression wasn't good either.
Although all of this was within Xu Youwei's calculations, Xu Youwei had gone too far. He had only used the Xu Family as a chess piece for revenge, and now the entire Xu Family had misunderstood him!
The Family Head suppressed the dissatisfaction in his heart and said via true essence sound transmission, "Your Highness Youwei, Xu Zilin has already lost to Luo Zheng. What should we do next?"
"You don't know what to do?" Xu Youwei asked back. "Of course it's to challenge the Family Su!"
"Challenge the Family Su? Now that the Family Su is the winner, they can challenge whoever they want. How can I challenge him? "The Family Head was quite depressed. He originally thought that Xu Youwei coming to the Great Xu City was an honor for the Xu Family, but now it seemed that he was simply a big trouble. He couldn't offend this guy.
"We must let Luo Zheng challenge the Xu Family. You think of a way," Xu Youwei ordered.
"You …" The Family Head's eyes twitched.
"I'm not begging you," Xu Youwei's tone became abnormally cold.
The Family Head was suddenly stunned. Although he was the Family Head of the Minghu Xu Family and the City Lord of the Great Xu City, he was just a small character in the real Xu Family. If he really offended Xu Youwei, his days would be difficult.
At this time, Su Yu-jin's voice suddenly came from the distance. "Our Family Su chooses the Lin Family as our opponent …"
After the Lin Family received the invitation, they quickly sent a family disciple to fight.
This person was just an ordinary disciple of Tai Jinshan. How could he be Luo Zheng's opponent?
He didn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves before he was thrown into the water by Luo Zheng.
The Minghu Family each had two spots. The first person to fight wasn't necessarily strong, so Su Yu-jin chose opponents for Luo Zheng. He chose three opponents in a row, but they were all thrown into the lake by Luo Zheng.
Opponents with this kind of strength couldn't see Luo Zheng's depth at all.
The Minghu Family saw Luo Zheng's divine bravery and were privately discussing it.
"This person is very strong, but he looks unfamiliar. I wonder which strong master's descendant he is?"
"He couldn't have helped the Family Su enter the Thousand Waves Pavilion by himself, right?"
"Impossible, the Great Families' trump cards haven't come out yet!"
When Su Yu-jin was preparing to find the next opponent, the Family Head of the Xu Family stood up and said shamelessly, "Brother Youshen! My Xu Family will be your Family Su's opponent, how about it? "
When the Family Heads heard this, they were baffled. Su Yu-jin's brows also wrinkled.
God knows what the Xu Family was up to, but he was too lazy to care. Just as Su Yu-jin was about to choose the next opponent, the Family Head of the Xu Family jumped up from his seat and came to Su Yu-jin and said, "Brother Youshen! A hundred years ago, your Family Su encountered big trouble, and our Xu Family helped a lot. This time, how about we help you, Brother? "
Looking at the Family Head of the Xu Family's begging face, Su Yu-jin was even more confused.
In the end, Su Yu-jin said, "Family Su chooses the Xu Family as the opponent!"
The Family Head of the Xu Family finally breathed a sigh of relief. He cupped his hands and thanked Su Yu-jin before returning to his seat.
Then, in the exquisite room of the Xu Family's flying chariot, Xu Youwei, dressed in blue, turned into a sharp arrow and flew out. Before anyone could react, he was already standing on the huge drum, looking at Luo Zheng with a triumphant smile on his face.
The moment Luo Zheng saw Xu Youwei appear, he understood that all of this was Xu Youwei's doing.

Chapter 2846
?
??
When the Su family and the Xu family saw this scene, they were all confused.
Especially the Xu Clan disciples who didn't know the inside story. They were all very excited when they saw Xu Youwei.
"It's His Highness! He's fighting for His Highness! "
"Why is he fighting for our Xu Clan?!"
"…"
In the eyes of the Xu Clan, Xu Youwei was a priceless treasure. There was no way he would fight on a day like the Thousand Waves Pavilion.
When the Family Su heard the Xu Clan's discussion, they quickly understood what was going on.
Su Yu-jin frowned and said, "It seems that the Xu Clan's goal in challenging our Family Su wasn't our Family Su, but Luo Zheng?"
Su Kuan nodded and said, "The Xu Clan calculated that we would ask the Banner Lord for assistance …"
"Looking at the Xu Clan Head's expression, he probably had no choice. Could it be that Luo Zheng offended Xu Youwei?" Su Youming analyzed.
"This is troublesome. As a direct descendant of Mount Taihao, Xu Youwei's strength is extraordinary," Su Youhuo said worriedly.
Xu Youwei was willing to go in such a big circle to lure Luo Zheng into the arena. It probably wasn't as simple as just teaching him a lesson.
"I'll go talk to the Banner Lord and have him admit defeat!" Su Kuan said.
However, Su Yu-jin stopped Su Kuan and shook his head helplessly. "This situation isn't something you can interfere with. There's no way he'll let Luo Zheng leave safely."
Even the other clans felt that the atmosphere was a bit off …
Xu Youwei had wanted to kill Luo Zheng from the very beginning. In fact, if Ling Shuang hadn't stopped him, he would have already done so.
Since then, he had repeatedly caused trouble for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng originally thought that Xu Youwei would restrain himself after being taught a lesson by Mo Yijian. However, he actually chased him all the way to Ming Lake!
"You're really like a ghost that won't leave me alone," Luo Zheng said coldly.
"If I, Xu Youwei, want to kill someone, only death will await them." Xu Youwei's face was full of arrogance. As he spoke, he had already taken out the long sword in his hand. Three small light spots gently flew around his sword …
In Xu Youwei's eyes, Luo Zheng had always been a fish on the chopping block. His life could be taken at any time!
Luo Zheng's expression became extremely cold, and the killing intent in his heart grew stronger. If he didn't get rid of this person, he would forever be a threat to him.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng's snow-white long sword was shaking slightly, and a wisp of sharp light was moving back and forth on the sword.
... "
Xu Youwei's Spirit of Three Corydalis suddenly unleashed a powerful Nirvana Power. Affected by this power, the water level on one side of the lake suddenly rose, and so did all the drums.
....
Xu Youwei suddenly stomped his feet, and the giant drum issued a rumbling sound. Then, he disappeared from his original spot.
Swish!
In the blink of an eye, Xu Youwei had already appeared above Luo Zheng, and the three-colored sword light slashed towards Luo Zheng's head.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng raised his hand and blocked the attack with his Snow Sword. The two swords collided.
"Quick!"
Xu Youwei spat out a word.
The color of his sword was formed by red, green, and black lights.
At this moment, the red and black lights dissipated, and the entire longsword turned into a crisp, pure green color.
At the same time, his speed became extremely fast!
.. Swish swish swish swish swish …
In that instant, Xu Youwei stabbed out countless times with his sword. The sword lights turned into arcs, and anything caught in them would be cut into pieces.
Facing Xu Youwei's swift attack, Luo Zheng's expression was extremely serious.
"Nine Flash Diffraction!"
The 《Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Mantra》 itself wasn't powerful enough, but this sword mantra pursued extreme speed!
The Snow Sword bloomed in Luo Zheng's hand. The flickering sword shadows were like pure white snowflakes!
.. Ding ding ding ding ding …
In a breath's time, the two swords had crossed thousands of times. But neither Xu Youwei nor Luo Zheng retreated.
"What a fast sword! His Highness Youwei is really strong! "
"That is the 'Quick' spirit of the three spirits. It can greatly increase one's speed!"
"I think Luo Zheng is even crazier. He only used the True Intent Divine Ability to block Xu Youwei's sword!"
Most of the people held their breath and stared at the scene. They rarely had the chance to see a confrontation of this level. Naturally, they felt that it was very exciting.
Xu Youwei's chaotic sword stabs were all blocked by Luo Zheng, and a gloomy expression appeared on his face.
Xu Youwei suffered a loss from Luo Zheng last time. He knew that Luo Zheng relied on a strengthening type of Nirvana Realm Token. But he did not expect this person to cultivate the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Technique.
. Ding ding ding ding ding ding …
The two of them had been attacking like this for more than ten breaths of time. Luo Zheng was still calm, but Xu Youwei could no longer hold back and abruptly retreated.
He stretched out his hand and stroked the sword lightly. He spat out a word, "Take!"
.. Weng!
The Quick Spirit retreated. The green light on the long sword disappeared and was replaced by a blood sword!
.. Hu hu …
Xu Youwei took a step forward. His long sword turned into a red light in the air and slashed at Luo Zheng.
This time, Xu Youwei's sword momentum was much slower. But the demonic red blood sword contained a trace of strange power.
When Luo Zheng raised his sword to block again, Xu Youwei's eyes lit up slightly and revealed a smile. "Stupid …"
.. Clang!
Under the collision of the two swords, Luo Zheng felt the Nirvana Realm Power was rapidly draining away.
Xu Youwei's tri-colored long sword was like a black hole, constantly absorbing his power!
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised. He realized that something was wrong and quickly withdrew his snow sword.
"Nine Flash Diffraction!"
.. Swish swish swish swish …
Streaks of white light slashed at Xu Youwei at a speed that was indiscernible to the naked eye. His action was to force Xu Youwei to retreat.
But Xu Youwei seemed to be determined to follow Luo Zheng. He stuck close to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's sword light was extremely fast. But Xu Youwei's long sword was like an iron chain that covered the river, protecting him completely!
.. Ding ding ding ding!
Luo Zheng's several slashes were all blocked by Xu Youwei.
Not only that, every time Luo Zheng's long sword touched Xu Youwei's long sword, a part of Luo Zheng's Nirvana Realm Power was absorbed!
"His Highness used the Acceptance Spirit!"
"The Acceptance Spirit can directly absorb the opponent's Nirvana Realm Power …"
"Isn't this ability invincible?"
There was no lack of knowledgeable people in the Minghu Clan. They could also see the origin of Xu Youwei's Nirvana Realm Token.
The Spirit of Sanjin was the top Nirvana Realm Token in the Color World. It was extremely rare and could only be found by chance. Luo Zheng was naturally at a disadvantage when he didn't know about it.
Luo Zheng's round of intensive attacks didn't break Xu Youwei's defense. Instead, he lost a lot of his Nirvana Realm Power. He had no choice but to tiptoe and fly away. He wanted to distance himself from Xu Youwei.

Chapter 2847
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sword Sacrifice
"It's too late to leave now …"
The two of them rushed to the left, one in front and one behind. Xu Youwei's sword reached Luo Zheng first.
If Luo Zheng insisted on rushing forward, he would be cut in half by the sword!
Luo Zheng frowned and curled his body into a ball, squeezing through the sword. However, he was kicked in the face by Xu Youwei as soon as he avoided the sword.
Peng!
Thump, thump, thump, thump …
Luo Zheng was sent flying by the kick. He rolled and bounced on the giant drum, causing the drum to rumble.
The disciples of the Xu family cheered loudly when they saw this. They didn't care what was going on, they only knew that Xu Youwei was representing the Xu family!
In the exquisite room of the Xu family's flying carriage.
Hezhen, Hegui, and Hewei were motionless as they watched the battle on the giant drum arena.
"Young Master Youwei is more powerful than we thought."
"He's not weak to begin with. The Spirit of Pansy is not an ordinary Nirvana Realm Token. If used properly, his strength will far surpass his peers."
"It's a pity that Young Master Youwei is too persistent. He came so far just to kill someone … It's just a matter of words for us, the Dark Group."
The three of them were worried about Xu Youwei at first, but they were relieved after seeing the situation.
Luo Zheng had just climbed up from the drum when he was met with another beam of sword radiance coming at him.
Clang!
Luo Zheng raised his sword to block, and his strength was absorbed again.
He felt his arm go soft, and Xu Youwei's sword slashed at Luo Zheng's neck!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng leaned back and dodged the attack by a hair's breadth.
Boom!
Just as he dodged, Xu Youwei hit Luo Zheng with his elbow and sent him flying. Another series of loud bangs was heard on the giant drum …
In front of Xu Youwei, Luo Zheng seemed to be vulnerable.
"Show me the power you showed at the Seven Mountains Meeting!" Xu Youwei said with a scornful smile.
Luo Zheng once again climbed up from the drum, stretched out his arms, and extended two fingers. "200 Shen Jun."
"What two hundred Shen Jun?" Xu Youwei was stunned.
"You can't absorb limitless Paramita Power," Luo Zheng said calmly. "You can only absorb a mere 200 Shenjun."
Transforming another person's power into his own was indeed a very powerful ability. Luo Zheng also had a similar ability in God's Domain. By relying on God's Domain, he was almost invincible.
In the face of this ability, Luo Zheng was also very cautious. If his Nirvana Power was completely taken away by Xu Youwei, the consequences were not hard to imagine.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng released his power cautiously, he realized that his Nirvana Force had stopped decreasing after losing 200 Godly Jun.
Losing two hundred Shen Jun would not affect Luo Zheng at all.
"A mere two hundred Shen Jun …"
Xu Youwei digested Luo Zheng's words, and a ferocious glint appeared on his face. He gently raised his long sword, and the red and green lights intertwined. His whole body rushed toward Luo Zheng like the wind.
Swift Spirit and Acceptance Spirit could be used at the same time.
The Spirit of Sanjin contained 300 Godly Jun of Nirvana Power, and this Spirit of Sanjin could grow.
When Xu Youwei first obtained the Spirit of Sanjin, Acceptance Spirit could only absorb 20 Godly Jun of Sanjin's power. Now that he absorbed 200 Godly Jun of Sanjin's power, it had grown by ten times. In addition to his own 300 Godly Jun of Sanjin's power, it was already a very terrifying power among people of the same level. Coupled with the speed of the Swift Spirit, it was enough for him to sweep away opponents of the same level in the Color World!
In the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Xu Youwei was completely frightened by Mo Yijian's unpredictable methods. He might even be able to fight against Mo Yijian!
Seeing Xu Youwei rushing over, Luo Zheng did not move.
The Stone Sealing Solution flowed rapidly on Luo Zheng's right arm, completely wrapping around the bones of his right arm. The power of the Mighty God Totem also began to surge out.
"Whoosh …"
A snowy long sword slashed lightly in the air. The originally nimble sword became heavier and heavier as the Nirvana Power gathered.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
Under the gathering of the terrifying Godly Jun Energy, the space around his right arm was constantly distorting, causing the huge drum beneath Luo Zheng's feet to tremble. The lake behind him was also trembling, creating rhythmic waves!
"Since you are chasing after me so relentlessly and want to die, then I shall sacrifice you with this sword of mine …" This sword seemed to be able to slash the Heaven and Earth, and it felt like time had slowed down.
This was the first time Luo Zheng used the Mighty God Totem to defend against an enemy ever since he fused with it.
Xu Youwei was originally extremely confident. By relying on the Swift Spirit and Acceptance Spirit, he had reached the limit in both speed and strength.
But just as he rushed toward Luo Zheng, he suddenly felt the aura of the Nirvana Power …
This aura …
Xu Youwei's eyes widened. His face was filled with disbelief.
He had clearly absorbed 200 Godly Jun of Nirvana Power from Luo Zheng. How could he still erupt with such terrifying strength?
This strength should have exceeded 1,000 Godly Jun. But he had never undergone the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. How could he!
By the time he realized this, Xu Youwei had no time to retreat.
"Oh no!"
The Xu Clan Patriarch abruptly stood up. His face was filled with terror.
The strength Luo Zheng released had exceeded everyone's expectations. The Li Clan and Lin Clan Patriarchs were astonished, but this battle had nothing to do with their Patriarchs. Even if a huge mess was created, they would just watch the show.
If Xu Youwei died here, how could their Xu Clan bear the wrath of the Great Hao Mountain?
But it was too late to stop him now …
"Stop!"
"How dare you!"
There were three people who were even more anxious than the Xu Clan Patriarch. They were He Gui, He Zhen, and He Wei.
Originally, Xu Youwei had the upper hand, and they could just watch from the sidelines. But who would have thought that Luo Zheng would erupt with such terrifying strength at this moment?
That exquisite room on the flying carriage shattered. He Gui, He Zhen, and He Wei turned into three streaks of light and shot toward the Bright Lake. But just as they were halfway there, they heard a huge "hong" sound.
Luo Zheng stood in midair. The huge drum beneath his feet had been turned into fine powder.
Xu Youwei was blasted into the Bright Lake, causing huge waves to rise more than 300 meters high …
"He's not dead?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After his sword strike, Xu Youwei activated his Hermit Divine Ability. That unknown Hermit Divine Ability produced a yellow diamond-shaped screen of light that helped him absorb some of the power.
Since Luo Zheng wanted to kill him, he was determined not to let Xu Youwei go.
His figure flickered, and he was already chasing after Xu Youwei. But at that moment, He Zhen rushed over.
"How dare you kill our Young Master Youwei! You're courting death!"
Hezhen's hand was suffused with an eerie aura of death, and he grabbed at Luo Zheng.
As an expert who had transcended color realms, Luo Zheng was like a child in Hezhen's eyes. He could deal with him at any time.
In his mind, he was cursing Xu Youwei. He had to kill this kid with his own hands. If he lost his life because of playing with fire, they would all die with him!

Chapter 2848
?
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was different from Jiuli and You Xiong.
Most of the people in Jiuli and You Xiong were of the same race, and the same blood flowed in their bodies.
The Heavenly Palace was actually a mixture of many forces.
Therefore, Taiyi, Taiyi, and Taihao all had their own forces.
The Dark Operation of Taihao Mountain was an organization secretly set up by Taihao Mountain. This organization was extremely cruel.
As a member of the Dark Operation, Tsuruzhen had a strong hidden worry just now.
Xu Youwei's death meant that he would face the cruelest capital punishment of the Dark Operation. He had seen his colleague undergo capital punishment once, and it left a huge shadow in his heart.
At this moment, the same thought emerged in Tsuruzhen's mind!
Xu Youwei's death …
He was escorted to the torture room of the Dark Operation.
Those grayish-brown soul-devouring centipedes rushed towards him from all directions …
This fear completely enveloped Tsuruzhen!
Luo Zheng's thoughts were also spinning rapidly at this moment.
The aura of these three people was stronger than Xu Youwei's. They were probably experts who had crossed the color realm!
If he faced them head-on, he had no chance of winning at all.
Therefore, he could only attack when they were unprepared! Therefore, he activated the Demonic Eye of Fear immediately!
Swoosh …
The scattered aura of True Meaning was released and rushed towards Tsuruzhen.
The sword pattern technique could kill with one move. It was indeed powerful, but compared to other magical powers, it was slightly more troublesome to use. It required the aura of True Meaning to infiltrate the target.
However, no opponent was a fool. It was impossible for them to stand there passively and take a beating.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Demonic Eye of Fear could temporarily daze the opponent!
After the aura of True Meaning permeated Tsuruzhen, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
"His body has no flaws?"
In Luo Zheng's vision, Tsuruzhen's body was one, and there was no trace of lines. How was this possible!
He had tested the sword pattern technique many times. No matter how perfect something was, there should be flaws!
Without time to think, Luo Zheng released the second ability of the Demonic Eye of Fear again.
"True Vision!"
With a flash of white light in his right eye, everything in his pupil became incomparably real. He could capture any detail.
"I see it!"
What Luo Zheng saw with his right eye was also very weird.
The man's hands and legs were still flawless, but there were lines on his chest, neck, and head. On the side of his head was the intersection of those lines!
"This is the place!"
Luo Zheng's body suddenly rose. Like a viper coming out of its hole, the Snow Sword shot straight towards the intersection point.
After all, Tsuruzhen was an expert who had transcended the color world.
He had yet to complete the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. But regardless of whether it was his soul or fleshy body, they were much stronger than ordinary Paramita Realm experts. He could be considered a Half-Step Chaotic Origin.
Because Hezhen was worried about Xu Youwei's life and death, he was careless and fell into fear. However, this state only lasted for two breaths before he broke free from the fear!
When Tsuruzhen regained his consciousness and saw the direction of Luo Zheng's attack, he was shocked!
His Chaotic Origin Reconstruction was only incomplete at his neck and head. One could say that this was his Achilles' heel. Yet this fellow could see through it with a single glance?
"How dare you!"
Seeing the Snow Sword unleashed a sword light at him, Tsuruzhen suddenly turned around. His right hand grabbed at Luo Zheng's right arm at lightning speed.
"Ka!"
At the moment he grabbed hold of Luo Zheng's right arm, Tsuruzhen let out a sigh of relief.
The other party was just a junior from the color world, yet he acted as if he was facing a mortal enemy …
Just as Tsuruzhen was about to activate his dense death energy to melt away Luo Zheng's arm, a vast energy came from Luo Zheng's hand.
"Still trying to struggle!"
Tsuruzhen sneered. The black death energy spread out along Luo Zheng's right arm.
No matter what living being it was, even experts who had undergone the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, they would rapidly wither and weaken after coming into contact with this death energy. Tsuruzhen could almost imagine Luo Zheng struggling in pain as he watched his arm wither.
But that scene did not happen. Unknowingly, Luo Zheng's arm had turned pitch-black!
"This … what in the world is this!"
Tsuruzhen was dumbfounded.
After Luo Zheng's arm turned pitch-black, he did not fear his death energy at all!
Just as Tsuruzhen was stunned, a huge energy came over. It broke free from the grip of Tsuruzhen's arm. That cold light came right at his face.
It was already too late for Tsuruzhen to dodge.
The cold light pierced through the intersection of the cracks. With a cracking sound, Tsuruzen's head and chest cracked open. The powerful force penetrated through his body and crushed his soul into pieces … ….
"Putong!"
The headless body fell directly into the water.
By the bright lake, several hundred thousand spectators witnessed this scene …
Those Patriarchs might not be strong, but they were still knowledgeable.
The moment Tsuruzhen, He Gui, and He Wei appeared, they could see how powerful these three were. They were basically experts close to the Chaotic Origin Realm!
The Chaotic Origin Realm not only represented the refinement of one's soul, it also represented the transcendence of one's fleshy body. Compared to the Paramita Realm experts in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm, the difference was like heaven and earth. And Luo Zheng actually killed such an expert under the gaze of everyone?
The entire place was dead silent. The Xu Clan Patriarch stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
And he even wanted to stop Luo Zheng previously. If he acted rashly, he might not even be a match for Luo Zheng!
Su Yu-jin was also filled with shock.
Back in Jade Cloud City, Su Yu-jin had once witnessed Luo Zheng's strength. That time, Luo Zheng had just entered the Paramita Realm, yet he was already much stronger than ordinary Paramita Realm experts.
In just a few short months, this person could fight against experts close to the Chaotic Origin Realm?
Su Yu-jin had interacted with the Heaven Palace many times. He had heard of those talented geniuses in the Heaven Palace, yet none of them had reached the level of Luo Zheng, right?
"Father! Lord Banner Lord is so strong! During this period of time when he ascended the mountain … he has simply advanced by leaps and bounds! "Su Kuan excitedly said.
Su Yu-jin did not speak. Instead, his eyes were filled with worry.
He allowed Su Kuan to follow Luo Zheng because he thought highly of Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng could become someone great, Su Kuan would also gain endless benefits.
But the talent Luo Zheng displayed had far exceeded his imagination. The tallest tree in the forest would be destroyed by the wind. Those who were too dazzling would most likely fall before they could rise. Furthermore, he had even offended the Xu Clan of the High Sky Mountain …
Even though this was what Su Yu-jin thought in his heart, he did not show it. After all, his Family Su owed a debt of gratitude to Luo Zheng. His worry came entirely from his concern for his son.
"Big Brother!"
"Impossible!"
Previously, when the He Clan trio rushed out, He Gui and He Wei went to check on Xu Youwei's injuries.
Xu Youwei was struck by Luo Zheng's heavy sword, but he was protected by the Hermit Divine Ability. He was heavily injured but not killed.
Just as the two of them felt relieved, they turned back and saw a scene that left them in disbelief: He Zhen's headless body fell powerlessly into the lake. Fresh blood dyed the surrounding water surface.

Chapter 2849
Dawn Demon Wheel
Hegui rubbed his eyes, wondering if his eyes were playing tricks on him.
The blood stains on the surface of the water were so shocking. Their big brother who was laughing and chatting with them just a moment ago was now in the Yellow Springs …
"What, what happened?"
Xu Youwei who was lying on the surface of the water asked with a weak voice.
"Big, big brother was killed by that kid!" Hegui said angrily.
Even though Xu Youwei was weak, hearing this, his eyes revealed a look of disbelief. "Impossible …"
"I want to take revenge for big brother!"
Crane Guard jumped up from the surface of the water and a huge wheel appeared on his back. This wheel released a dazzling light that made people unable to look at it directly …
At the same time, a golden copper rod appeared in Crane Guard's hand!
"Dawn Demon Wheel! Turn! "
Under Crane Guard's command, the wheel behind him spun rapidly.
"Ka ka ka …"
Dawn Demon Wheel spun for a while before stopping. There were a total of six pictures on the wheel and each picture was different. Finally, a picture that looked like a devil statue stopped on top of Crane Guard's head.
"Hu!"
In the blink of an eye, Crane Guard's aura underwent a huge change. It was as if he was possessed by an evil god, becoming evil and powerful.
Dawn Demon Wheel was a special type of Nirvana Realm Token in the Fourteenth Heaven. This wheel had a total of six forms. Whenever Dawn Demon Wheel was activated, it would choose any form to possess.
Some forms were very powerful, while others only had auxiliary abilities.
Therefore, this Nirvana Realm Token had a high upper limit but a low lower limit. Sometimes, it was completely dependent on luck.
"Hehehe … You are unlucky. Maybe big brother is protecting me. This is my strongest form!"
Three horns appeared on Crane Guard's head. All the blood vessels on his body appeared and emitted a dark red light!
Luo Zheng stood on the surface of the water and squinted his eyes. His true intent aura had been released by Luo Zheng.
Even after dealing with Hezhen, he could not relax at all.
On one hand, he was able to kill Hezhen when he was unprepared. On the other hand, these two people had also crossed the color boundary. Their strength was not to be underestimated.
"Hua!"
Crane Guard swung his rod and hundreds of water tornadoes appeared on the surface of the water.
"Hua la!"
The Crane Guard's staff suddenly stopped spinning, and all the waterspouts split apart in an instant. Countless splashes of water enveloped him.
When the splashes disappeared, the Crane Guards also disappeared!
Just as Luo Zheng was looking ahead vigilantly, he felt a slight spatial fluctuation behind him.
"Behind you!"
Before Luo Zheng could turn around, he heard a whoosh of wind. That stick smashed towards Luo Zheng's back.
"Die!"
Crane Guard had yet to step into the Nirvana Realm. With his current mortal body, he could at most withstand the power of six to seven hundred Godly Jun. But after being possessed by the Demon God in the Dawn Demonic Wheel, the strength of his mortal body had increased tremendously. This strike of his had the power of over a thousand Godly Jun!
If it was an ordinary Paramita Realm expert, then his internal organs would be completely obliterated by this rod, and his entire body would probably be split into two by this rod!
Even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to withstand this sweeping strike!
"Stone sealing solution!"
Unable to dodge, Luo Zheng frantically urged the stone sealing solution to accumulate on his back.
His back turned pitch-black in an instant. Not only did the Stone Sealing Solution protect his spine, but it also adhered to all of his ribs, protecting his internal organs within.
"Bang!"
Under the powerful strike, Luo Zheng was like a falling meteor, crashing into the mud at the bottom of Ming Lake.
A huge amount of lake water was squeezed up and spread towards the surroundings, forming huge waves that were over a thousand feet tall. Many onlookers fled, and the experts from the Ming Lake Family had no choice but to step in and block these huge waves from reaching the shore.
Crane Guard gripped his long rod tightly and looked at the bottom of the lake with a solemn expression.
There was an unconcealable shock on his face!
That strike just now had the power of over a thousand Godly Jun. Luo Zheng should have been obliterated by this strike. Although he was smashed away, he was perfectly fine. What kind of monster was this?
Crane Guard couldn't understand why Hezhen would die at the hands of Luo Zheng, but now he understood a little bit!
After a while, Luo Zheng slowly rose from the mud, looking completely unscathed!
The family heads of the Ming Lake Family were all dumbfounded.
Although they couldn't estimate the power of Crane Guard's strike, it was definitely at least 800 to 900 Godly Jun.
Withstanding the power of 800 to 900 Godly Jun unscathed?
Was he still human?
Even the experts from the Green Scale Tribe and the Giant Crab Tribe who were born with strong physical bodies couldn't do that, right?
"Let's see how long you can last!" Crane Guard's eyes were filled with hatred as he disappeared from where he stood.
The competition in the Dark Group of Mount Taihao was extremely cruel.
Crane Guard and Crane Gui were able to get to where they were today because of their big brother, Crane Zhen. Crane Zhen was their brain and brain. The three of them were naturally very close. Now that Crane Zhen was dead, how could Crane Guard and Crane Gui still have any sense of reason left?
"Whoosh …"
At the moment when Crane Guard appeared behind Luo Zheng, he sent out another strike at Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng was prepared. His figure somersaulted in midair, dodging the strike by a hair's breadth. At the same time, his right eye flashed with white light.
Crane Guard's Chaotic Origin Reconstruction was not as good as Hezhen's. But he relied on the Demonic God Possession in the Dawn Devil Wheel to strengthen his fleshy body. He had fewer flaws than Hezhen!
Luo Zheng's figure shuttled through the shadows of Crane Guard's pole. His eyes were fixed on Crane Guard.
Under his rage, Crane Guard swept across Luo Zheng. But being stared at by Luo Zheng, he felt goosebumps rising in his heart!
"Shadowless Broken Pole!"
"Hu hu hu …"
Countless pole shadows surrounded Luo Zheng. Almost every strike was aimed at Luo Zheng's vital points.
At this moment, the red light in Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, causing Crane Guard's fleshy body to tremble.
When a human was enraged, he could overcome his fear.
Because Hezhen's death had incited the fury in Crane Guard's heart, causing the effect of the Demonic Eye of Fear to be greatly reduced.
But when experts fought, life and death would usually be decided in an instant.
Crane Guard fell into fear in the blink of an eye. By the time he regained his senses, Luo Zheng had already struck out.
'I finally saw it clearly. It's on his chest …'
"Ka!"
Luo Zheng did not use a lot of power in this sword strike.
It was merely 50 to 60 God Jun of strength.
If it was aimed at other parts of Crane Guard, it would not be able to break apart his Demonic God Possession.
However, two inches from the upper right corner of his chest was his biggest flaw.
Three cracks extended along his chest. Two went downwards and one went upwards. His entire body was like a broken porcelain, turning into pieces.
"Shua!"

Chapter 2850
?
The experts in Fu Su City, Great Xu City and other cities felt their hearts trembling slightly.
Family Su was the weakest in the Ming Hu Clan. After all, they were all blacksmiths and did not have high requirements for their cultivation.
But Patriarchs like the Xu Clan, Li Clan, Zhao Clan and other clans were basically at the peak of the Color Realm. Some of them had even crossed the Color Realm and touched the threshold of the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Only they understood how powerful the Chaotic Origin Realm was! That was the first limit that all living beings had to face!
Of Crane Guard and He Zhen, one was at the Half-Step Chaotic Origin Realm.
But in less than half an incense worth of time, they were both killed by Luo Zheng!
This scene had completely defied their understanding of the world!
The Xu Clan Patriarch originally wanted to stop Luo Zheng. He even wanted to act against Luo Zheng.
But after seeing Crane Guard being killed, he froze in midair. He did not know if he should go or not …
He knew that he was not Luo Zheng's opponent, but he could not watch as Xu Youwei was killed by Luo Zheng. For a moment, he was in a dilemma.
After Luo Zheng killed Crane Guard, he no longer hesitated.
Taking advantage of the momentum, he glided through the air like a diving eagle, heading straight for Xu Youwei.
There was another Crane Guard protecting Xu Youwei!
Of the three He Brothers, He Zhen and Crane Guard were stronger by a level. Crane Guard was the weakest.
But Crane Guard's Paramita Token, the Dark Looking Mirror, was extremely useful. It allowed him to spy on the other party without anyone knowing. He was the most useful amongst the three!
"I'll fight it out with you!"
Crane Guard's eyes widened like lanterns. A small mirror appeared above his head.
The divine light on the surface of this mirror expanded, turning into a silver turbid stream that struck towards Luo Zheng!
"Xiu!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He nimbly circled around this silver turbid stream before closing the distance between him and Crane Guard. The sword in his hand trembled lightly.
"Ca!"
This time, Luo Zheng did not use his Sword Marking Technique or his Demonic Eye of Fear.
A silver light pierced through Crane Guard from top to bottom. The last of the three He Brothers died.
After killing the Crane Guard, Luo Zheng floated in the air, looking down at Xu Youwei.
Xu Youwei lay on the surface of the water, the diamond-shaped light screen still protecting him.
Just now, Luo Zheng's all-out attack had already severely injured Xu Youwei through the rhombus-shaped light curtain. This Hermit's divine ability could protect him for a while, but it couldn't protect him forever!
Crane Zhen was dead, the Crane Guards were also dead, everything was over.
After understanding his situation, Xu Youwei's eyes were full of fear. He stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You can't kill me!"
"So you can kill me time and time again?" Luo Zheng's eyes were cold. Even if they looked at each other in the hot summer, they would feel like they were in an ice cellar.
"But you didn't die!" Xu Youwei said excitedly.
"Not dead? Haha … "Luo Zheng's face showed a mocking expression.
The first time, Xu Youwei wanted to kill him indiscriminately in the temple. The second time, he restrained himself at the Seven Mountains Meeting. The third time, he killed his way into the Heart Flow Sword Sect. This time, he followed Luo Zheng here.
If Luo Zheng still let this person go, what he would face would probably be endless pursuit.
"If you kill me, you will regret it! My Taihao Mountain won't let you go, and neither will my father! "Xu Youwei threatened after realizing that arguing was useless.
He was from the Taihao Mountain, one of the seven giants of the Heavenly Palace. How could a small disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect provoke him?
At this time, the head of the Xu Family and Su Yu-jin flew over. The head of the Xu Family advised, "Young man, no matter what reason you have, please act rationally. If you kill Xu Youwei, the entire Heavenly Palace will be turned upside down, and there will be no place for you in the Heavenly Palace!"
After saying this, the head of the Xu Family gave Su Yu-jin a look.
Su Yu-jin didn't want to get involved in this matter at all, but the Su Family and the Xu Family had some friendship. Since the head of the Xu Family had asked for his help, he had no choice but to step in.
Objectively speaking, Su Yu-jin also felt that Luo Zheng couldn't kill Xu Youwei.
The Taihao Mountain wasn't a declining family like the Ming Hu Family. It was a colossus, and not something that Luo Zheng could provoke.
"Young Master Luo, you really need to think twice before killing a descendant of the Taihao Mountain," Su Yu-jin said, stopping there.
Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the head of the Xu Family and Su Yu-jin. He asked, "Are you saying that even though Xu Youwei has tried to kill me over and over again, I can't do anything to him? I was born lowly, so do I have to be trampled on? "
"But, but …" The head of the Xu Family was at a loss for words.
"I've heard such threats countless times in my life. He's not the first, and he won't be the last," Luo Zheng said calmly.
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng swung his sword backward.
The rhombus-shaped light screen created by the Hermit's supernatural power was already very dim. Luo Zheng's sword pierced through the light screen and slashed Xu Youwei's head.
Xu Youwei wanted to say something, but it was too late …
"Splash …"
Xu Youwei fell into the water, his body bobbing up and down with the water.
"This, this is a big deal …" The head of the Xu Family beat his chest and stamped his feet.
When Xu Youwei first came to the Great Xu City, he felt supreme glory. Now that he had died here, how was he going to explain it to the Taihao Mountain?
Su Yu-jin's eyelids were also trembling. Logically speaking, he felt that Luo Zheng was very impulsive. But this person's talent was so heaven-defying, and his courage was even more extraordinary. If he grew up in the future, he would probably become a formidable person.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
When the people of the Xu Family saw Xu Youwei die, many of the family's experts also flew up.
Although these people didn't know the inside story, Xu Youwei was still a member of the Xu Family. How could they be willing to let him off so easily after killing him?
Luo Zheng was indeed powerful, but the Xu Family also relied on their numbers.
Looking at these people blocking in front of him, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. He held his long sword horizontally in front of his chest and said indifferently, "Those who stop me, die!"
As he spoke, a red light flashed in Luo Zheng's right eye.
The experts of the Xu Family on the lake suddenly trembled in their hearts. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, there was a shadow in their hearts. The whole family was afraid of Luo Zheng alone!
"Let him leave," the head of the Xu Family said weakly.
Even if the Xu Family did their best, they might not be able to keep Luo Zheng, and the Xu Family would probably be wiped out.
Although the head of the Xu Family was depressed, he was not a fool.
Luo Zheng flew back to the Family Su. Su Youming, Su Youhuo, and the others' faces were stiff, and they didn't dare to say anything.
Luo Zheng killed Xu Youwei, and it would implicate the Family Su, which would be a big trouble!
Only Su Kuan said with a face full of admiration, "Banner Lord is so powerful!"
Luo Zheng stepped forward and patted Su Kuan on the shoulder, saying, "I killed Xu Youwei. Aren't you afraid of being implicated?"
Su Yu-jin, Su Youming, and the others were secretly cursing Su Kuan for being an idiot. At this time, he should've distanced himself from Luo Zheng …

Chapter 2851
Slap
Su Kuan's words were directed at the elders of the Family Su.
Not only was Luo Zheng a genius who comprehended the Dao with a single thought, but he also had Qiu Yinhe behind him. It would not be easy for the Taihao Mountain to touch Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Su Kuan also understood his Family Su's caution. The Family Su was only an aristocratic family of craftsmen and was insignificant to the Heavenly Palace. They could not afford to offend the Taihao Mountain.
Hearing this, the members of the Family Su were slightly shocked.
A genius who comprehended the Dao with a single thought …
In the history of the Heavenly Palace, there were only fourteen such people!
If it was such a person, he was indeed confident. No wonder Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all when he killed Xu Youwei!
"Alright," Luo Zheng had already experienced Su Kuan's ability to flatter. "Now that it's like this, do you still want to continue the competition?"
The confrontation between Luo Zheng and Xu Youwei had destroyed the entire Giant Drum Arena.
On the other side, the Li Family, Zhao Family, and the other families were not willing to continue the competition. If they really went up, none of their young talents would be Luo Zheng's match.
Moreover, with such a big incident today, the families were not in the mood to continue the competition.
The family heads gathered together to discuss. In the end, the Family Su would be the host of the Thousand Waves Pavilion …
The Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering had come to an end. No matter what the process was, Luo Zheng had helped the Family Su achieve their goal. He and the Family Su did not owe each other anything.
Luo Zheng packed up and left with Su Kuan.
Su Yu-jin was a little worried about Su Kuan, but in front of Luo Zheng, he could not say much.
After leaving Fu Su City, Luo Zheng and Su Kuan did not directly rush to the transportation formation. Instead, they walked west along Ming Lake.
Although there was an accident in this year's competition, the Thousand Waves Pavilion Gathering was not affected.
The lakeside was still crowded with people, bustling with noise and excitement.
Many people were still discussing Luo Zheng's heroism during the day. In their eyes, the battle between Luo Zheng, Xu Youwei, and the three He brothers was already more important than the dozens of battles that had yet to take place.
"Banner Master, that Xiaoyin is still your maidservant. She's too unruly! He said that he would come back on the day of the Thousand Waves Pavilion's big market, but I still haven't seen him! "Su Kuan complained as he followed behind Luo Zheng.
On the second day after Luo Zheng went to Family Su, Xiaoyin asked Luo Zheng for leave and wanted to go home. This was also the reason why Xiaoyin wanted to come to Minghu with Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng agreed of course.
Who would have thought that Xiaoyin would not return? Su Kuan could only bring Luo Zheng to Yanzhao City to look for Xiaoyin.
Yanzhao City housed the Yan Family and the Zhao Family.
However, following the Yan Family's collapse, the Zhao Family was now the sole major power, completely controlling Yanzhao City.
On the festive day of the Thousand Wave Pavilion's grand gathering, Yanzhao City was brightly lit.
On the other hand, the Yan family in the northwest corner seemed to be in a dilapidated state, which did not fit in with the festive atmosphere.
In the backyard of the Yan Family, Xiaoyin's face was filled with anxiety.
She had already agreed to return to the Family Su today to meet up with her young master, but now she was trapped in her own home!
Xiaoyin tried many times to climb over the walls, but just as she touched the walls, a wisp of blood-red light sent her tumbling into the courtyard.
"Xiaoyin, don't try anymore. This barrier was personally set up by the Zhao Family. You won't be able to break out," A voice resounded from within the house. It was Xiaoyin's Second Mother.
"I spent so many divine crystals for you! You want to treat elder sister like this! "Xiaoyin said with a face full of resentment.
The Second Mother's face was calm as she said harshly, "If our Yan Family wants to revive, how can the divine crystals you earned as a maidservant be enough? If we have a marriage alliance with the Zhao Family, perhaps it can help our Yan Family! "
"That year, our Yan Family's decline was caused by the Zhao Family! You want the Zhao Family to support you? You're dreaming! That Third Young Master Zhao is even more of a debauchee. Second Mother wants to give me to him, but I, I would rather die than … "Xiaoyin had done so much for the Yan Family, but in the end, the Yan Family had repaid her like this. Naturally, she was heartbroken. As she spoke, her face was full of tears.
The Yan Family used to be a large family in Minghu. Twenty years ago, the elders in charge of the Yan Family had all suddenly died, leaving behind a group of helpless women and children.
After suffering great losses, the Zhao Family quickly rose to power and continuously nibbled away at the Yan Family's businesses, causing the Yan Family to decline to its current state.
"Don't make things difficult for Second Mother. Third Young Master Zhao is coming to pick you up tonight. You won't be able to go anywhere today …" As the Second Mother spoke, footsteps sounded from the backyard.
A white-clothed man entered the room with several black-capped servants. This white-clothed man was none other than Third Young Master Zhao.
"Third Young Master Zhao, are you here? Is Minghu lively? Hehehe … "The Second Mother of the Yan Family smiled eagerly.
"Of course it's lively!" Third Young Master Zhao said half-heartedly.
This Third Young Master Zhao didn't have any great ambitions. With his strength, he didn't have the qualifications to fight for the Zhao Family. Moreover, such a big thing had happened today, and the fight had ended hastily.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, the Second Mother led Third Young Master Zhao to the backyard.
When Third Young Master Zhao saw Xiaoyin's appearance, his eyes instantly lit up. He chuckled. "Yan Xiaoyin, I haven't seen you in years. You've become more beautiful! It seems that the mountains and rivers of the Heavenly Palace are good for people. "
As he spoke, he took a few steps forward and reached out to touch Xiaoyin's face.
"Slap!"
Xiaoyin slapped Third Young Master Zhao's hand away. Her long, shapely eyebrows furrowed, but she didn't say a word.
Third Young Master Zhao turned to look at the Second Mother and said, "Second Mother, did you make everything clear with this girl?"
"I did, I did!" The Second Mother said with a face full of smiles. "Xiaoyin, you really didn't suffer this time. Third Young Master Zhao is taking a concubine, and he will treat you sincerely!"
Xiaoyin's face was cold. She opened her mouth and said, "Let me tell you something. I came home with my Young Master this time. My Young Master is someone you can't afford to offend. If …"
Before Xiaoyin could finish, the Second Mother clicked her tongue and said, "Xiaoyin, you were born with a lowly life. Can you be a servant for the rest of your life?"
Third Young Master Zhao's face was also full of disdain. "Your Young Master is just a mere disciple of the Heavenly Palace. Does he really think that our Zhao Family is just for show? Even if he comes personally today, what does our Zhao Family have to fear? "
As he spoke, he waved his hand disdainfully. "Tie her up and bring her back. Some women are only obedient in bed."
The servants behind him obeyed his orders and rushed forward to take her away.
Xiaoyin was in complete despair. She took a few steps back and leaned against the wall. As the servants came closer, she suddenly felt a heat in her palm. A wave of energy kept gathering in her palm.
This energy enveloped her palm, and she slapped it forward!
"Slap!"
The servant at the front was hit by Xiaoyin's slap, and his entire body flew more than ten feet away!
Everyone was stunned when they saw this unexpected scene. Third Young Master Zhao's face darkened. "Are you all trash?"
The servants immediately stopped looking down on him and went straight for Xiaoyin.
At this moment, Xiaoyin seemed to have the help of a god. Her hands flapped wildly, but every slap was extremely precise.
"Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap!"
The crisp sound of slaps rang out one after another, and the servants were sent flying one after another.
Xiaoyin also looked at her own hands and was completely stunned!

Chapter 2852
?
?
No one outside the courtyard responded to Third Young Master Zhao's words.
The Yan Family's Second Mother and Yan Xiaoyin also looked around, their faces full of confusion.
"Causing trouble for me in Yanzhao City, do you not know how to spell the word 'death'?" Third Young Master Zhao's voice grew louder when he saw that no one responded.
The entire Yanzhao City belonged to the Zhao Family. Even the most powerful people had to bow their heads. This was also the basis for Third Young Master Zhao's arrogance.
Just as he finished speaking, he heard Xiaoyin scream.
Her entire body was enveloped by an invisible force as she rushed towards Third Young Master Zhao at an extremely fast speed. Before Third Young Master Zhao could react, he saw Yan Xiaoyin slap his face.
"You dare hit …"
"Slap!"
"Slap!"
"Slap …"
Yan Xiaoyin slapped Third Young Master Zhao several dozen times in a row. Third Young Master Zhao's face was red and swollen.
The last slap was especially strong. Third Young Master Zhao flew out and crashed into the small house in the courtyard.
"Xiao Yin, have you gone mad?!" The Second Mother screamed at the top of her lungs.
Xiaoyin raised her hand and was about to slap Second Mother's face. Second Mother covered her face with both hands, not daring to say another word.
At this moment, two figures slowly descended into the courtyard.
When the two touched the barrier in the courtyard, the barrier set up by the Zhao Family was instantly activated. A blood-red light instantly shot towards the two.
"Crack!"
As one of their hands flashed with an arc of electricity, the blood-red light and the entire barrier shattered.
"You, who are you? How dare you trespass into our Yan Family!" Second Mother said with a face full of fear.
Third Young Master Zhao crawled out from the ruins. Seeing the two people in mid-air, his expression changed.
Xiaoyin's face was full of joy and surprise. She went forward and bowed to Luo Zheng, "Young Master Luo … it was my fault for not being able to return to the Family Su today. It was only because …"
"I know." Luo Zheng raised his hand to stop Yan Xiaoyin from continuing. He then stared at the Second Madam of the Yan Family and said, "Yan Xiaoyin is my servant girl. I want to take her away today. Do you dare to detain her?"
The second mother of the Yan family probably knew that Xiaoyin was serving a disciple of the Heart Sword Sect. If the Yan family had been prosperous, she would not have cared. But now, the Yan family was an empty shell. How could she dare to say anything?
"I wouldn't dare, I wouldn't dare. It wasn't my idea to detain Xiaoyin. It was their family's idea. It was the Zhao family's idea!" The second mother of the Yan family pushed all the blame away in the blink of an eye. She didn't mention the Yan family's interests at all.
Luo Zheng didn't want to argue with this woman. He turned his head and looked at Zhao San.
Third Young Master Zhao's head was covered in dust and debris. He was in a very sorry state, but his eyes still shone with a fierce light. "It was our Zhao Family's idea! What do you want?! "
Third Young Master Zhao had also participated in the Thousand Wave Pavilion gathering with the Zhao Family. However, he was not interested in it at all. He slipped away before the Giant Drum Arena started and found an old friend to hang out with for the entire afternoon. It was only when the Thousand Wave Pavilion gathering ended hastily that he heard about what happened today. He naturally didn't know Luo Zheng.
"What do I want?" Luo Zheng glanced at Third Young Master Zhao. "Naturally, I want to take Xiaoyin away."
Third Young Master Zhao had no intention of backing down. "You think you can walk out of Yanzhao City?"
As his voice fell, Third Young Master Zhao crushed a jade pendant at his waist.
"Buzz!"
The jade pendant emitted a trace of green light as it broke.
Seeing Third Young Master Zhao's actions, Xiaoyin's expression changed. She hurriedly said, "Young Master, we should leave quickly. If the Zhao family comes, I'm afraid you'll be in trouble!"
Xiaoyin also understood that as an elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng might not necessarily be afraid of a mere Zhao family.
However, this was not the Heavenly Palace. The Zhao family also had some decent experts. If Luo Zheng insisted on staying here, he would probably be at a disadvantage. This was what she didn't want to see the most.
"It's fine," Luo Zheng said mildly.
Seeing Luo Zheng's relaxed expression, Third Young Master Zhao inwardly laughed coldly.
His lofty Zhao family had operated in Bright Lake for many years, providing the Heavenly Palace with many miraculous pills every year. Their relationship with the Heavenly Palace was also excellent. Dealing with a mere Heavenly Palace disciple was no problem at all.
"Shua shua shua shua shua …"
Ten breaths later, more than ten figures streaked across the sky above the Yan family, aggressively heading straight for this small courtyard.
The leader of this group was the head of the Zhao family.
"Father!"
Seeing his father come personally, Third Young Master Zhao grew even more confident as he said arrogantly, "This brat is causing trouble in our Yanzhao City, not putting our Zhao family in his eyes at all!"
The head of the Zhao family landed in the courtyard, his gaze sweeping across. When he saw Luo Zheng's face, he was greatly shocked.
This was the person who had directly wrecked the Thousand Wave Pavilion Gathering!
Even those of Vast Sky Mountain's direct lineage had been killed without hesitation …
How had his Third Young Master provoked him?
"Father! Capture this fellow and properly punish him. Don't let outsiders say that our Zhao family is incompetent … "
"Pa!"
The head of the Zhao family slapped Third Young Master Zhao's face with a backhand, this slap even more powerful than Xiaoyin's.
Third Young Master Zhao instantly felt dizzy and disoriented, only regaining his wits after a long while, his heart filled with confusion. Then, he saw a scene that caused him to panic. His father bowed respectfully towards Luo Zheng!
This was an extremely grand gesture!
Only the grandsons and grandfathers would bow in such a manner.
Who was his father? The City Lord of Yanzhao City, the head of the Zhao family!
How could he treat a mere disciple of the Heaven Palace in such a manner?
For a moment, Third Young Master Zhao's view of the world was in chaos!
"This old man has not taught his son well. Please forgive me, Prince Luo." The head of the Zhao Family cautiously said.
The other party was not even afraid of killing Xu Youwei. He was also strong enough to kill those three He brothers who had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm. If Luo Zheng were to create a ruckus here, this old life of his and the future of the Zhao Family would be thrown away!
Furthermore, the head of the Zhao Family was clear of the nature of his third son. He did not need to ask around to know that he was in the wrong.
Luo Zheng coldly glanced at the head of the Zhao Family before saying: "I do not wish to interfere in the matters between the Yan Family and the Zhao Family. If you want to blame someone, blame your son for provoking Xiaoyin."
The head of the Zhao Family did not hesitate. He ordered: "Third Son! Come over! Kneel down! "
Third Young Master Zhao's expression turned ashen. He had never seen his father so strict before. He walked over unwillingly, yet he was not willing to kneel down. He even muttered, "She is just a servant girl of mine, a servant girl …"
"Kneel down!" The head of the Zhao Family roared.
Third Young Master Zhao finally knelt down with a 'putong' in front of Luo Zheng. The head of the Zhao Family said: "Prince Luo, this useless son of mine is at your disposal!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand, saying: "Break both his arms and legs. He is not allowed to receive treatment for a year."
The head of the Zhao Family did not hesitate. He waved his hands, sending several hidden forces towards Third Young Master Zhao.
"Ka ka ka ka!"
Third Young Master Zhao let out a miserable cry. Both his arms and legs had been broken by the hidden forces.

Chapter 2853
Invited to the Mountain
The Yan Family's decline definitely had something to do with the Zhao Family.
The head of the Zhao Family was as clear as a mirror …
If this Young Master Luo, who he couldn't afford to offend, really pursued the matter, it would be a huge problem.
Luckily, Xiaoyin was only a servant girl by his side, and he also said that he had no intention of getting involved in this matter.
As the head of the Zhao Family calmed down, he heard Third Young Master Zhao say, "Father! Give me the Detachment Pill! It hurts so much! Who is that guy, could he be a descendant of the Heavenly Palace, for father to respect him so much … "
Third Young Master Zhao's arms hurt, and he was still lying on the ground.
He knew that he had offended someone he shouldn't have, and that his father's actions were just an act.
Breaking his arms and legs wasn't a big deal, as the Zhao Family's pills could instantly reconnect them.
Unfortunately, Third Young Master Zhao didn't receive his father's pills, but instead received a few flying kicks.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
These kicks almost killed Third Young Master Zhao, and the head of the Zhao Family scolded, "You unfilial son, you almost caused our family to die, and you want me to give you the Detachment Pill? Dream on! This year, you'll be lying on the ground, and whoever dares to reconnect you, I'll break their arms and legs! "
After saying this, the head of the Zhao Family left with his people.
The Second Mother of the Yan Family stayed in the corner, trembling. Even now, she still didn't understand what had happened, but she vaguely knew that Xiaoyin had gotten close to an important person, and this important person had also spoken, and in the future, the Zhao Family couldn't casually make things difficult for the Yan Family …
…
…
On the flying boat, Luo Zheng sat at the front.
Xiaoyin pondered for a while, then silently walked in front of Luo Zheng and bowed to Luo Zheng.
"No need to be so polite," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"I'm only Young Master's servant girl, but Young Master is so worried about me," Xiaoyin said.
The fate of the Yan Family had always been in the hands of the Zhao Family.
If things continued to develop like this, the "Yan" in Yanzhao City would sooner or later be removed, and Yanzhao City would become the Zhao City.
But Luo Zheng's warning today was enough to make the Zhao Family hesitate.
"It's just a small matter. Xiaoyin, don't take it to heart," Luo Zheng said with a gentle smile.
Xiaoyin smiled and winked. She then asked, "Xiaoyin, there's something I don't understand. The head of the Zhao family has been famous for a long time. Why is he so afraid of you?"
Even if the young master was an elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, it was not enough to intimidate the Minghu Family.
"Because today, Lord Banner Lord killed Xu Youwei and also dealt with the experts by his side," Su Kuan explained.
Upon hearing this, Xiaoyin's pupils dilated slightly.
"Are you scared? If you're afraid, it's not too late to leave now, "Su Kuan said with a smile.
As for the direct descendants of the Heavenly Palace, even offending them would bring about a disaster. Not only did his young master offend them, he even killed them …
Noticing Xiaoyin's expression, Su Kuan continued to threaten her. "Returning to the Heavenly Palace this time bodes ill rather than well. Those of us by the Banner Lord's side won't be able to escape responsibility either."
Xiaoyin's expression returned to normal after a short period of fear. She gritted her teeth and said, "What's there to be afraid of? At worst, I'll die with Lord Luo! "
Luo Zheng saw that Xiaoyin really believed him and smiled. "Don't listen to Su Kuan's nonsense. I know what to do."
In truth, Luo Zheng also did not know what to do.
With his current status, he could not afford to offend the Taihao Mountain.
Everything depended on Xu Youwei's status in the Taihao Mountain Xu Family. If Xu Youwei was really important, even Qiu Yin River would not be able to quell the Taihao Mountain's anger.
However, Luo Zheng also had an important chip in his hands. That was the True Comprehension Chapter of the Eternal Sword Intent.
He did not believe that the True Comprehension Chapter was less valuable than a mere Xu Youwei.
Half a day later, the three of them stepped into the transportation formation.
When they returned to Dragon City, it was dawn.
The starry sky in the sky was gradually dispersing.
Luo Zheng did not go up the mountain directly. Instead, he brought Su Kuan and Xiaoyin out of Dragon City.
Yin Yuehuan had completely adapted to her role.
Even though she was the weakest among the alliance masters, none of them dared to underestimate her.
The divine crystals Luo Zheng gave her supported the operation of her entire alliance.
The number of banner masters under her rule was increasing, and there were more than ten thousand people under her rule. She had become the largest alliance outside of Dragon City.
When Luo Zheng appeared, Yin Yuehuan's face was full of surprise, but there was a trace of unease in the depths of her eyes.
Dao Sword Academy's Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and Lai Huabei also came after hearing the news. They had not seen Luo Zheng for a while.
"Luo … Alliance … Banner …" Lai Huabei jogged over and stammered.
When he first met Luo Zheng, he called him Brother Luo Zheng. Later on, he called him Banner Master and then Alliance Master. Now that Luo Zheng had come up the mountain, he did not know how to address him.
"You can just call him Banner Master!"
"Yes! Banner Master will always be our Banner Master! "
"…"
Yue Baihao and the others laughed very calmly.
Luo Zheng looked around and asked Yin Yuehuan, "Why don't I see Mu Ning, He Xun, and the others?"
When Luo Zheng mentioned Mu Ning and the others, Yin Yuehuan's expression hardened slightly. She then said to Luo Zheng seriously, "I also wanted to tell you about this. A few days ago, I sent someone to find you, but you were not at Heart Sword Sect …"
"What the hell is going on? Where did they go? "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
In this Seven Mountains Party, Luo Zheng had defeated the other mountains and won first place. He had offended a lot of people. Although those people did not chase after him as openly as Xu Youwei, they might use some underhanded means to kill him.
If anyone dared to lay a finger on his family …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's expression darkened.
"They went up the mountain," Yin Yuehuan said, "Dragon City's Elder Wen said the Heavenly Palace sent an invitation. He thought the three of them were very talented, so he invited them up the mountain."
"They won't agree," Luo Zheng said with certainty.
Whether it was Han Liusu or Xun, if they chose to go up the mountain to join a sword sect, they would definitely ask for Luo Zheng's opinion.
They could not have gone up the mountain silently …
"They didn't agree, but someone took them away by force. Luo Zheng … I'm sorry …" Yin Yuehuan's face was full of self-blame.
Luo Zheng trusted Yin Yuehuan, so he let the three of them join her alliance. Now that she had let Luo Zheng down, she felt very guilty. These days, she had been thinking about how to explain it to Luo Zheng.
"No need, this has nothing to do with you." Luo Zheng shook his head.
No matter how strong Yin Yuehuan was, she was only an alliance leader in Dragon City. To the people on the mountain, even Tai Yiwei was nothing. Yin Yuehuan could not stop them.
After a short stay outside Dragon City, Luo Zheng told Xiaoyin to go up the mountain by herself. Then he entered Dragon City and went straight to the Sword Training Tower.

Chapter 2854
?
In the sword training pagoda.
Wen Si, seeing Luo Zheng rush in, revealed a helpless smile under the mask.
"Old Wen! I just returned to Dragon City. I heard that Mu Ning, Liusu and the others had gone up the mountain. Which sword sect did they go to? "Luo Zheng asked.
The so-called going up the mountain in Dragon City generally corresponded to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, the Murdering Sword Sect and the Formation Sword Sect.
But there were very few exceptions, such as being poached by other mountains and so on.
"They did not join a sword sect." Wen Si shook his head.
"They did not join a sword sect?" Luo Zheng's brows twisted. It sounded more likely that they were under house arrest.
Could it be Taihao Mountain?
With this thought, Luo Zheng could not control the killing intent in the depths of his pupils.
"Yes, it was the people of the Taishi Palace who brought them up." Wen Si stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Did you offend someone from the Taishi Palace?"
The Taishi Palace was the core existence of Greater One Mountain.
This palace never recruited disciples from the outside, and only trained the direct descendants of the Eastern Emperor.
Xun, Mu Ning and Han Liusu were talented, but were far from qualified to enter the Taishi Palace.
They were suddenly brought into the Taishi Palace. This matter was extremely strange in Wen Si's eyes. Wen Si also concluded that this matter most likely had something to do with Luo Zheng.
"Offended someone from the Taishi Palace..." Luo Zheng muttered, his eyebrows trembling, a cold light flashing in his eyes. He clenched his teeth and said, "It should be Feng Ge!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's judgment, Wen Si was taken aback. "It can't be, you were fine, how did you offend her?"
The direct descendants of Greater One Mountain also had high and low status, but Feng Ge was one of the most favoured.
In fact, Wen Si had tried to stop the Crown Prince when the Crown Prince had come to ask for him. However, he had quickly received a warning from a powerful figure in the Crown Prince's palace. At that time, Wen Si had been wondering who it was that could make this person stand up for him over such a small matter.
Now, after listening to Luo Zheng's deduction, he finally understood.
"Offend her?" Luo Zheng snorted, "It's just a conflict at the Seven Mountains Meeting!"
But no matter what kind of conflict it was, they could just come at him. Now, they actually targeted Feng Ge. This was something that Luo Zheng could not tolerate at all.
"Where is the Taishi Palace? Elder Wen, can you take me there?" Luo Zheng asked.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Wen Si asked, "You're not planning to go directly to the Crown Prince's Palace, are you?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
God knows how a woman like Feng Ge would deal with Han Liusu and the others. Luo Zheng was extremely worried. How could he waste any more time?
"The Taishi Palace is at the back of the Greater One Mountain, surrounded by the Absolute Beginning Mirage. That is not a place you can go, and I have never been there before …" Wen Si said.
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng had already rushed out of the Sword Training Pagoda.
"Luo Zheng! You cannot force your way into the Absolute Beginning Mirage, you must think twice … "Wen Si advised from behind, but Luo Zheng did not have the slightest intention of stopping.
Luo Zheng was already extremely familiar with the path up the mountain.
After reaching the middle of the mountain, Luo Zheng did not continue along the original path, but flew from the other side.
The sword formations of the Greater One Mountain were usually not activated, so Luo Zheng did not encounter any danger flying along the mountain. The entire Greater One Mountain was incomparably huge. The Heart Sword Sect, Murdering Sword Sect and Absolute Formation Sword Sect occupied the three mountain peaks at the front, and there was still a vast space at the back.
The Taishi Palace was located at the back.
But since ancient times, there were not many people who had seen the true appearance of the Taishi Palace.
If one floated at an extremely high altitude and looked down, one could see that the back of the Greater One Mountain was covered in a white fog all year round. This fog was called the Absolute Beginning Mirage, and was also an illusion that protected the Taishi Palace.
After Luo Zheng flew along the Greater One Mountain for a distance, he also saw this fog that covered the entire mountain.
Seeing this fog, Luo Zheng's face also revealed a look of vigilance.
If it was any other matter, Luo Zheng would have retreated, but thinking of the situation of Han Liusu and the others, Luo Zheng charged into the fog without hesitation.
"Huu …"
This fog was like milk sprinkled in the air, so thick that it could not be dispersed. His line of sight was completely blocked, and even the nearby trees could not be seen.
"Divine sense …"
Luo Zheng's eyes blinked, and a strand of divine sense spread out.
But just as his divine sense spread out, it suddenly disappeared without a trace.
"This fog can devour divine sense?" Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
Luo Zheng originally did not know where the Taishi Palace was, and now that his divine sense and vision could not be used, he was like a headless fly.
"Sou!"
His feet suddenly kicked off, and he leapt into the air, shuttling back and forth at high speed in the fog.
But no matter how Luo Zheng flew, he was always surrounded by a vast expanse of white fog. Occasionally he could see a few trees, and a few rocks exposed to the ground, but as the fog gently lifted, everything disappeared in front of him …
Luo Zheng simply stopped in place and thought for a while, then his right eye slightly opened, flashing a white light.
"[True Vision]!"
In his right eye, everything became clear.
The fog was still fog, and even the Demonic Eye of Fear could not see through it.
But in the fog, Luo Zheng noticed a slender black shadow in the distance. Luo Zheng did not hesitate, and went straight for the black shadow.
Only when he got close did Luo Zheng discover that it was a slender pillar. This pillar was like the pillars in the palace, but it was very old, and the surface was full of holes and dilapidated.
Just as Luo Zheng approached the pillar, his right eye swept again, and saw another slender black shadow in the distance.
"Could this pillar be used to guide the way up the mountain?" Luo Zheng suddenly realized.
"Sou!"
His figure flashed, and in the next breath, he was in front of the second pillar. Just as he approached the second pillar, a third slender black shadow appeared nearby.
Luo Zheng's guess was correct.
The Mirage of Absolute Beginning was an illusion that the Eastern Monarch had personally set up to protect the Taishi Palace.
This illusion was set up using eighteen pillars passed down from the Divine Palace of Absolute Beginning, and ordinary methods could not break through it.
But this was still a time of peace, and the Mirage of Absolute Beginning had not been fully activated.
There were many servants, maids, and guards in the Taishi Palace who needed to descend the mountain. They held special tokens that allowed them to see these pillars and use them as reference points to freely ascend and descend the mountain.
This path had originally been set up for the servants, but Luo Zheng relied on the Demonic Eye of Fear to find it.
Following these pillars, he soon saw a massive palace gate in the fog. The words "Taishi Palace" were written on the plaque above the gate.
"This is the place!"
Without the slightest hesitation, Luo Zheng went up and slapped on the gate.
Thump!
Thump!
Thump!
The Taishi Palace rarely had visitors. If it was an honored guest, there would naturally be people to welcome them into the palace.
For Luo Zheng to climb out of the fog and knock on the gate was something that had never happened in all these years.

Chapter 2855
Concubine Yan
The golden armored guards climbed up the wall and looked down at Luo Zheng who was knocking on the door. They were puzzled.
This person was not a servant of the Taishi Palace, so how could he come in through the Absolute Beginning Mirage?
"Who are you, and why are you knocking on the door!" The golden armored guard leader scolded.
Luo Zheng replied in a clear voice, "I'm Luo Zheng of the Heart Flow Sword Sect! I'm looking for Feng Ge! "
"A disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect …"
The golden armored guards looked at each other in dismay.
The golden armored guard leader continued to scold, "I don't care which sword sect you're from, this is not a place for you, scram!"
The Taishi Palace was the place where the direct descendants of Greater One Mountain resided, and also the core of Greater One Mountain. How could a random disciple barge in?
Luo Zheng's face darkened. He stepped on the wall and soared into the air. He wanted to barge in!
The golden armored guard leader was furious at this scene. He sneered, "I've never seen anyone who dares to barge into the Taishi Palace. You can't blame anyone for seeking death!"
"Boom!"
The aura of the golden-armored guard leader skyrocketed, and the phantom of a golden shield formed in front of him. The golden shield smashed down on Luo Zheng from the bottom right side.
The golden armored guard leader was once a five-star Tai Yiwei. Because of his outstanding performance in the Tai Yiwei, he was transferred to guard the Taishi Palace.
Although it looked like an ordinary shield attack, it contained the power of eight hundred Godly Jun!
Luo Zheng's face turned cold. He clenched his teeth and frantically drew out the power of the Strength God Totem. At the same time, the sealing stone melted into Luo Zheng's right hand.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a heaven-shaking sound, thousands of rays of light bloomed.
The guards stared blankly at their leader. He leapt from the top of the wall and flew for tens of thousands of meters before landing in a corner of the enormous square of Taishi Palace.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, stood firmly on the wall.
Those guards came back to their senses and uniformly retreated a few steps to distance themselves from Luo Zheng.
"Where is Feng Ge?" Luo Zheng stared at the guards and asked.
The guards shook their heads in unison, indicating that they did not know.
Their purpose was to protect the safety of the Crown Prince's Palace. Of course, it was impossible for them to lead Luo Zheng to His Highness Feng Ge.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He stretched out his hand and grabbed one of them by the neck. He shouted, "Speak!"
"I, I …" The guard's face was filled with terror.
At this moment, a clear and melodious voice suddenly sounded from within the Taishi Palace.
"A mere disciple of the Heart Sword Sect dares to cause trouble in the Taishi Palace? Do you think there's no one in the Taishi Palace?"
As the voice drifted over, a purple ribbon crossed the wide square and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
This purple ribbon was like a nimble snake, extending downward and twisting toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng threw the golden-armored guard aside and reached out to grab the ribbon. But the moment he touched it, the ribbon split into two, then four, and wrapped around Luo Zheng's body.
As it wrapped around Luo Zheng, the originally soft ribbon suddenly erupted with a terrifying strength.
This strength was not something Luo Zheng could resist!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng was pulled along by the ribbon. The surrounding scenery whooshed past him. He was dragged several thousand feet away and passed through countless palace gates.
Thump! Thump!
Finally, Luo Zheng rolled in front of the main gate of a side palace.
A purple-clothed woman stood nearby, her arms folded as she sized up Luo Zheng.
This purple-clothed woman had a graceful figure and a beautiful appearance. She had a graceful demeanor that would captivate anyone looking at her.
After Luo Zheng's hands were bound, he attempted to break free from the ribbon.
But no matter how he rolled and struggled, he could not break free from this seemingly ordinary ribbon.
The purple-clothed woman's eyes revealed a strand of astonishment, 'This brat has yet to undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction … yet he is so strong?'
The majority of the human Paramita Realm fleshy bodies could withstand about 200 to 300 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy.
Some humans with strong fleshy bodies could reach 500 to 600 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy.
Like Xu Youwei's Paramita Talisman, it could absorb the other party's Paramita Energy and unleash a total of 500 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy. Xu Youwei could not withstand this strength, but the additional 200 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy was borne by his sword.
Luo Zheng had just struggled and unleashed a strength of more than 1,000 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy. Only a small number of non-humans could withstand it, and humans were clearly not one of them.
After struggling for a while, Luo Zheng finally stopped. He coldly glanced at this woman without saying a word.
At this moment, those golden-armored protectors rushed over. A row of them knelt down before this woman. The leader of the golden-armored protectors even kowtowed to the purple-clothed woman: "This person has trespassed into the Tai Shi Palace. This subordinate failed to stop him and alarmed Imperial Concubine Yan. This subordinate deserves death!"
Imperial Concubine Yan was very magnanimous. She lightly waved her hand and said: "It's just a small matter. You can leave now."
"Yes!"
The leader of the golden-armored protectors stood up. He gave the other protectors a look and was about to detain Luo Zheng too.
Imperial Concubine Yan stopped him: "Let him stay."
"But this person has trespassed into the Tai Shi Palace. He must be severely punished …" The leader of the golden-armored protectors revealed a look of resentment. As a five-star Tai Yiwei, it was too shameful for him to be sent flying by a Heart Flow Sword Sect disciple.
"Let him stay. I still have questions for him." Imperial Concubine Yan's voice was unquestionable.
"Yes!"
The golden-armored protectors bowed and had no choice but to leave obediently.
If Luo Zheng had been an ordinary disciple of the Heavenly Palace, Imperial Concubine Yan would not have questioned him.
But the power that Luo Zheng had burst out was already extraordinary. At least, there was no other spy in the Heavenly Palace like him. It was enough to arouse Imperial Concubine Yan's interest.
"Swish!"
Imperial Concubine Yan reached out and pulled gently. The purple ribbon was already tucked into her sleeve.
"Why did you trespass into the Tai Shi Palace?" Imperial Concubine Yan asked.
Luo Zheng's hands were finally free. He moved for a while before saying: "I'm looking for Feng Ge."
"Feng Ge?" Imperial Concubine Yan smiled softly. "Why are you looking for her?"
"She took my people away," Luo Zheng told the truth.
Imperial Concubine Yan looked at Luo Zheng in surprise and asked: "Why would she take your people away for no reason?"
"Who knows what that stupid woman is thinking! Maybe she's holding a grudge against me because she lost to me at the Seven Mountains Meeting. She's so narrow-minded! "Luo Zheng said angrily.
Imperial Concubine Yan looked a little embarrassed when she heard Luo Zheng scold Feng Ge. She said: "I can take you to her."
"You can help me find her?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
"Of course. I'm her mother." Imperial Concubine Yan smiled faintly. "If she's really as narrow-minded as you say, it's naturally wrong."

Chapter 2856
?
After all, the banshees of the Hive belonged to the Jinwu Clan, and they all had a pair of huge wings.
Concubine Yan and Feng Ge had looks comparable to those banshees, but they didn't have a pair of wings …
Suddenly meeting Feng Ge's mother made Luo Zheng feel tricky.
Looking at the stunned Luo Zheng, Concubine Yan said calmly, "Come with me. I'll take you there."
As she spoke, she tiptoed lightly and gracefully, dragging strands of purple ribbons behind her as she walked through the palace gates.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then followed her in.
Emperor Donghuang had many children, so the Taiyi Palace was naturally huge.
There were few people along the way. Some golden armored guards and maids on patrol knelt down and saluted Concubine Yan respectfully when they saw her.
After walking along the tall red wall for half an hour, they turned a corner and saw a huge palace gate. There was a triangular copper furnace in front of the gate. Fire was spewing out from the furnace, and golden light was faintly blooming from it.
"Jinwu Divine Fire?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Concubine Yan, who was walking in front, paused and glanced at Luo Zheng. "You know this flame."
"I've been to the Guanshan Prefecture and seen … those banshees. I've seen this flame," Luo Zheng said.
He wanted to say that he had seen Phoenix, but thinking that Concubine Yan and Feng Ge were inextricably linked to the Hive, he was afraid that there would be endless questions if he said that, so he changed his words at the last minute.
Concubine Yan reached out to the triangular copper furnace, and a wisp of Jinwu Divine Fire flew out of the furnace. The Jinwu Divine Fire turned into a small firebird and went straight to Concubine Yan, stopping on her sleeve.
No one knew what material her elegant purple dress was made of, but she wasn't afraid of the Jinwu Divine Fire at all.
The firebird stayed in her hand for a moment, then turned into a wisp of fire and flew into her mouth with a hiss. She swallowed the Jinwu Divine Fire!
At the same time, Concubine Yan said, "The Jinwu Clan was born from the Divine Fire, and the power of their bloodline is also hidden in the Divine Fire. The banshees born from the Hive can't live without the Divine Fire."
She had admitted that she was a banshee of the Hive.
The copper furnace was placed here to cultivate the endless Divine Fire for Feng Ge and her to devour.
After absorbing the Divine Fire, she stepped into the huge palace gate, with Luo Zheng following her.
As soon as they entered the gate, two maids in blue came to greet them.
"Greetings, Concubine Yan." The blue-clothed maid kowtowed.
"Is Her Highness Fengge in the Qianlian Palace?"
"Yes," the woman in blue replied respectfully.
"Take me to see him," she ordered.
"Yes!"
Concubines of of them. of Concubine Concubine Palace.
The Qianlian Palace was a training ground in the Taishi Palace. Along the way, there were three or four tall towers built around it. There were also some huge buildings that emitted powerful energy auras from these buildings.
After a while, the two maids in blue led Luo Zheng and Concubine Yan to the innermost Chenghuo Hall.
"Concubine Yan, please wait here. I'll inform His Highness Feng Ge." The maid in blue bowed to Concubine Yan again, and then quickly walked into the Chenghuo Hall.
Luo Zheng was a little impatient. Similar to the Divine Kingdom's Imperial Palace, there were too many red tape!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng didn't have to wait for too long this time.
After a while, Feng Ge appeared in front of the Chenghuo Hall and said impatiently, "Mother, why are you looking for me?"
Concubine Yan said with a smile, "I'm not the one looking for you. It's Master Luo."
"What Master Luo?"
Feng Ge looked up and saw Luo Zheng not far away. His eyes suddenly flashed with a fierce light.
As a direct descendant of the Greater One Mountain, she had been favored since she was a child. Her mother spoiled her and her father spoiled her. Her status was also very high among the direct descendants of the Greater One Mountain.
Even her brothers and sisters didn't dare to reprimand her in the slightest!
Not only did she lose to Luo Zheng in the Seven Mountains Meeting, but she also humiliated him in front of his face. Feng Ge's anger could be imagined!
"You're quite capable. You actually came directly to the Chenghuo Hall. Did Qiu Yinhe help you in? Or Hechi?" Feng Ge raised his eyebrows and sneered.
Luo Zheng's expression also darkened. He shouted, "It doesn't matter how I came in. Where did you hide Mu Ning and the others? Hand them over! "
He didn't know the whereabouts and safety of the three women. He was worried about them all the way here.
Seeing the worry on Luo Zheng's face, Feng Ge's perennially frozen face actually showed a proud smile. "They're suffering from the raging fire. Naturally, I won't hand them over. If you want to know their whereabouts, then defeat me!"
How could Luo Zheng know what the raging fire was? He only knew that it was a cruel punishment.
A flame of anger rose in his heart!
"Boom!"
With a stomp of his foot, Luo Zheng disappeared. He rushed toward Feng Ge, ignoring the presence of Concubine Yan.
Concubine Yan wasn't far from Luo Zheng. In fact, she could have stopped Luo Zheng just now. However, she slightly stretched out her hand and looked at her daughter's face. She thought of something and gave up the idea of stopping him. Instead, she chose to watch from the sidelines.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing toward him, Feng Ge sneered, "I lost to you in the Seven Mountains Meeting, but that was not a real competition of strength. You just took advantage of the Enlightenment Chapter. Do you really think you're so powerful?"
As soon as she finished speaking, Luo Zheng's right hand grabbed at Feng Ge like lightning.
Facing Luo Zheng's grab, Feng Ge's eyes were full of contempt. He reached out his hand and waved it gently!
Her physique was different from that of the human race. With just a flick of her hand, she could unleash a force of 300 to 400 Jun. Even the likes of Xu Youwei and Gao Qizheng couldn't withstand her flick!
However, when Feng Ge touched Luo Zheng's arm, her face turned pale. She knew that she was wrong.
Luo Zheng's right hand seemed to be made of fine steel. She couldn't estimate the force that came out of it. Luo Zheng's hand grabbed her, turned over his palm, and suddenly pulled her to the ground behind him!
"Boom!"
The floor of the courtyard in front of the Chenghuo Hall was shattered!
Feng Ge was embedded in the ground!
If it was Xu Youwei who had been thrown by Luo Zheng like this, even if he didn't die, he would still be half-dead. However, Feng Ge's body was covered in faint flame patterns, and she seemed to be unharmed.
"Speak! Where are they? "
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest tenderness for the fairer sex.
If Feng Ge wasn't willing to tell him the whereabouts of the three women, he would kill him even in front of her mother, Concubine Yan.
Feng Ge, who was lying on the ground, opened her eyes wide. She was also a little stunned by Luo Zheng's throw.
After regaining her senses, Feng Ge's temper completely flared up.
She raised her head and sneered, "I said, if you want to know where they are, you have to defeat me first."
As soon as she finished speaking, two golden lights suddenly appeared in her hands.
A golden sun appeared in her right hand, and a golden moon appeared in her left hand.
Then, she closed her eyes and slapped her hands on the ground.
"Buzz …"
A huge stone statue descended in front of Luo Zheng.
This stone statue was strangely shaped. It had a total of sixteen arms. Fifteen of them were left hands, and there was only one right hand!

Chapter 2857
Stone Hill King
The power of this right hand was extremely terrifying, and the space in front of Luo Zheng was distorted.
With a loud bang, Luo Zheng was pushed away by this palm.
"Crash …"
Luo Zheng flew along the ground, plowing a long gully in the ground, and directly crashed into a huge building.
This building was called "Inherited Sword Hall", and was a place where the direct descendants of the Taiyi Palace cultivated.
Under such a fierce impact, Luo Zheng directly smashed a big hole in the Inherited Sword Hall!
"What happened?"
"Who dares to fight in the Heavenly Refining Palace?"
"It seems to be Feng Ge's cousin …"
Such a big movement immediately alarmed the direct descendants who were cultivating in the Heavenly Refining Palace.
Many people came out of the Inherited Sword Hall, and were stunned when they saw the broken tiles on the ground.
Feng Ge looked at the ruins with indifferent eyes. With this palm of hers, even if Luo Zheng didn't die, he would be seriously injured!
Concubine Yan still didn't say a word. She looked at the ruins where Luo Zheng was buried, and there was a trace of surprise in her eyes.
"Crash!"
All of a sudden, the ruins shook, and a ten feet wide boulder was overturned, and a dark figure emerged from it.
Feng Ge saw the black figure of Luo Zheng, and her pupils shrank slightly.
Her Nirvana token was called "Stone Hill King".
The Stone Hill Clan was a very ancient clan.
They grew up in huge stones, and when they reached adulthood, they would peel off from the stones, just like the legendary "Stone God".
And the experts of this clan were called "Stone Hill King".
In order to get this Nirvana token, the Taiyi Palace excavated in the 13th Heaven for decades, and almost flattened a mountain in the 13th Heaven before it was unearthed.
This Nirvana Realm Token was extremely powerful. Most importantly, it had the possibility of growth. After growing, the King of Stone Hill could become the Saint of Stone Hill. By then, the power of this Nirvana Realm Token would increase by dozens of times!
Of course, in order for the King of Stone Hill to grow, he had to go to the Stone Hill Temple on the 22nd Layer of Heaven. For Feng Ge, this was an extremely distant matter.
Feng Ge relied on King Shi Qiu's palm strike to unleash a force of over 600 Godly Catties!
Feng Ge himself was unable to bear such power. It was completely borne by the Nirvana Realm Token itself … But Luo Zheng was actually unscathed after this palm strike?
The black Sealing Stone solution gradually dissipated from the surface of Luo Zheng's body and disappeared into his bones. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had recovered his full appearance.
Luo Zheng didn't expect this woman to be so difficult to deal with …
As expected of a direct descendant of the Heavenly Palace!
Even so, Luo Zheng had no intention of retreating.
Other things could be discussed, but to let his woman bear the pain for him was something he could not tolerate.
"Hum!"
With the Snow Sword in hand, he charged towards Feng Ge again.
The sword light flickered like a snake's tongue. When he was halfway there, the sword in his hand turned into a storm.
"Nine Flash Split Light!"
"Swish swish swish …"
Countless white sword light bloomed from his hand, attacking Feng Ge from all directions.
"Petty tricks!"
Feng Ge snorted coldly, her slender hand shaking slightly.
Swords shot out from her Sumeru Ring one after another!
"Ka ka ka ka!"
The King of Stone Hill's 15 left hands grabbed the swords like lightning.
15 hands, 15 swords!
"Slash!"
Feng Ge softly uttered a single word.
The 15 swords began to wildly swing. These swords were very close to each other, and the trajectories of the swords even overlapped with each other. However, they did not collide with each other once. Everything was in perfect order!
The sword light turned into a silver curtain, protecting Feng Ge within.
"Ding ding ding …"
Even though Luo Zheng's Nine Flash Split Light was like a storm, not a single sword light could break through this silver curtain!
However, he had no intention of giving up. The sword in his hand moved faster and faster!
"Oh my god! So fast! "
"Feng Ge's strength has increased again …"
"Who's that guy challenging Feng Ge? He doesn't seem to be from our Taishi Palace. "
The direct descendants of the Taishi Palace all stared at the scene in front of them.
Feng Ge was the youngest among the direct descendants, but her potential was the strongest. Coupled with the fact that she was favored by the Donghuang himself, no one dared to underestimate her.
The strength that Feng Ge displayed was indeed far superior to those of the same level. Even without her powerful Nirvana token, the King of Stone Hill, there were few who could match her in the same level.
"This sword curtain …"
Under Luo Zheng's strong attack, a glimmer of light appeared in his eyes.
Taking advantage of the momentum, he flipped forward and directly drilled into the sword curtain!
At the same time that he drilled in, the black stripes on the surface of his body instantly emerged and covered his whole body.
"Ding ding ding …"
Those long swords cut Luo Zheng's body, as if they were cutting fine iron, unable to penetrate Luo Zheng's body!
Seeing Luo Zheng close in, Feng Ge was also somewhat surprised.
She moved gracefully, as if her whole body was sliding on the surface of the water, constantly retreating backward. This way, Luo Zheng was always shrouded in the sword curtain.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
In a few breaths, Luo Zheng's body had been cut tens of thousands of times!
However, there wasn't even a single visible wound on his body!
The big and small "Highnesses" of the Taishi Palace, seeing this scene, all had their mouths wide open.
The education that these direct descendants of the Greater One Mountain received since childhood was far superior to that of ordinary people, and their horizons were also extraordinarily high. But seeing this unbelievable scene, they were still stunned.
That black body that had been baptized by the sword curtain, was he really still human?
Although Feng Ge's retreating speed was very fast, Luo Zheng's speed was still a notch faster.
In the end, Luo Zheng still charged through the sword curtain!
Feng Ge, who had already predicted this, flipped her right hand again, and the right hand of the Stone Hill King above her swatted down at Luo Zheng.
In Feng Ge's view, even if Luo Zheng's body was sturdy enough to withstand the sword curtain's baptism, he still could not resist the power of the Stone Hill King!
"Whoosh!"
The right hand of the Stone Hill King came down from above.
The power unleashed by the giant palm had clearly reached its limit. The space below began to crumble violently, turning into fragments of silver light.
"This little bit of power … this little bit of power …"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, his face twisted as he madly extracted the power of the Strength God Totem.
"What is that kid doing?"
"The power of the Stone Hill King can be said to be the limit of the world!"
"The limit should be over one thousand Shen jun power, right? Won't this kid be crushed into a meat patty? "
Seeing that Luo Zheng was going to resist it, the direct descendants of the Taishi Palace all showed pity in their eyes. Resisting such a violent Nirvana token from the King of Stone Hills was no different from seeking death, right?

Chapter 2858
?
The 'King Stone Mound' was ten times bigger than an ordinary person. Naturally, his palm was huge too.
When this huge palm came crashing down, it formed a stark contrast with Luo Zheng's' Black Fist '!
For the sake of squeezing out as much energy as possible, Luo Zheng was going all out.
He had gathered the majority of the Sealing Stone Solution in his right arm, leaving only a small portion of it in his spine.
Facing such a powerful impact, he was afraid that his spine would not be able to withstand it!
Concubine Yan's eyes were emitting golden light. That was the light of the Golden Crow God Fire.
According to logic, she should have stopped him!
Even though she rarely left the Crown Prince Palace and did not know Luo Zheng, how could she not see Luo Zheng's potential?
Such a person should be treated like a treasure in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, right?
If he died in the Crown Prince Palace, even the Crown Prince Palace would not be able to explain themselves.
But seeing Luo Zheng's aura, Concubine Yan had a premonition that Luo Zheng would not be defeated by this attack.
Supported by this premonition, Concubine Yan did not stop him.
"Hong!"
The fist and palm collided, causing the entire Heavenly Refinement Palace to tremble.
Even those concubines deep in the Crown Prince Palace who rarely left their rooms could feel this tremor.
"Ka ka …"
King Stone Mound retracted his right hand. A crack extended along his right hand all the way to his shoulder!
"Ah?"
Feng Ge looked at his Paramita Token with disbelief.
The right hand of King Stone Mound actually cracked!
There were many types of tokens in the Paramita Token, and they had all sorts of strange abilities. But among the descending Paramita Tokens in the Color Realm, King Stone Mound was ranked in the top five!
This Paramita Token was considered the pinnacle of the Color Realm in terms of strength and defense. By relying on this Paramita Token, Feng Ge could fight against Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
But now, it was actually cracked by Luo Zheng's fist …
The eyes of the direct descendants of the Crown Prince's Palace widened when they saw this earth-shattering punch.
"Isn't that fellow too abnormal?"
"I've never heard of such a person in the Heaven Palace …"
"Where is he? Why is it gone? "
"It seems to have been smashed into the ground by Feng Ge's Nirvana Token. Even though he managed to shatter the King of Stone Hills with one punch, he must have been seriously injured as well."
While these direct descendants were discussing, the ground behind Feng Ge suddenly bulged up. Luo Zheng shuttled through it and rushed straight at Feng Ge!
Feng Ge turned around and was even more shocked to see Luo Zheng still alive and kicking. Even King Shi Qiu couldn't withstand the extreme palm strike of King Shi Qiu, but this guy was still unharmed?
"Phew …"
Seeing Luo Zheng coming straight for him, Feng Ge's eyes suddenly flashed with golden light, as if two blazing suns were blooming in his eyes.
"Ah … Feng Ge! No! "
Concubine Yan's expression changed when she saw that Feng Ge was about to release the Golden Crow Divine Fire.
However, when Luo Zheng came out of the ground, he was already very close to Feng Ge. It was too late for Concubine Yan to stop Feng Ge.
"Swoosh!"
Golden flames poured out of Feng Ge's body and flowed in all directions with him as the center. The golden flames almost burned everything along the way.
The direct descendants of the Heavenly Palace all turned pale when they saw the golden flames!
The Golden Crow Divine Fire was in the triangular cauldron at the entrance of the Qianlian Palace. They knew the power of the flames very well. Even a little bit of it would kill them!
If Concubine Yan didn't stop the flames, the entire Qianlian Palace would be burned down!
As the direct descendants of the Heavenly Palace fled, the ribbon on Concubine Yan's body flew out and turned into a big circle, blooming with golden light. This big circle firmly encircled the surging Golden Crow Divine Fire.
The Golden Crow Divine Fire was controlled, but Luo Zheng was in trouble!
Concubine Yan was very regretful. If she had known this would happen, she wouldn't have stopped the two children from fighting each other.
When she turned her head to look, her beautiful eyes were suddenly filled with endless shock!
In the golden flames, Luo Zheng's body was shining with golden light. He was not afraid of the Golden Crow Divine Fire at all.
He grabbed Feng Ge's snow-white neck with one hand and suddenly pushed forward. His whole body was pressed down on Feng Ge. He sneered and said, "Your flames are more powerful than those of the Hive Banshees, but it's wishful thinking to burn me to death! Hand them over! If you don't, I'll kill you! "
Feng Ge's temperament was also surprisingly strong!
She didn't have any intention of backing down. Flame emblems ignited on the surface of her body and wrapped her tightly. At the same time, she said sarcastically, "Your means are indeed beyond my expectations. But can you kill me?"
"Hahaha, you'll know soon!"
Luo Zheng laughed, and the pupil of his right eye suddenly became deep.
Specks of white light converged. At the same time, with a 'ceng' sound, a snowy sword appeared in his hand.
With Luo Zheng's current Demonic Eye of Fear, it was hard for him to see through experts who had passed through the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. Even though Feng Ge was powerful, she was still within the Color Realm with Luo Zheng. She had never undergone the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction before.
With a single glance, he could see that there were many flaws on her body.
The only thing that could protect her was the flame emblems that wrapped around her. These flame emblems had indeed protected her tightly.
But by relying on his' True Vision ', Luo Zheng could see that these flame emblems weren't perfect. Between the gaps between the flame emblems, there were still fragments of flaws.
'Below the neck!'
In this region, the flaws of the flame emblems overlapped with those of Feng Ge.
With this sword, Feng Ge would undoubtedly die!
"Die!"
At the moment when Luo Zheng pierced down, Feng Ge finally felt a strand of fear in her heart.
Under the protection of the flame emblems, Luo Zheng should not be able to kill her. But she had a premonition that this sword would cause her to fall apart!
And at this moment, the red light in Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The fear in her heart was mobilized!
She could vaguely see a trace of an illusion. Her body was like a porcelain that fell to the ground, shattering with a 'hua' sound. When the emotions in her heart were stirred, the line of defense that she maintained with her cold indifference completely collapsed.
"Ah! Don't kill me … "
Feng Ge's body straightened. Her hands curled up instinctively. The moment tears flowed out from her eyes, they were completely evaporated by the golden flames.
She had never feared death so much in her life.
"No!"
Concubine Yan felt anxious when she saw this scene.
"Weng!"
The snowy sword stopped abruptly. The sword tip stopped right before Feng Ge's chest, buzzing and trembling.
"Let them go, and I won't kill you," Luo Zheng said.
If he really killed Feng Ge now, it would be the worst choice.
But this evil woman was too stubborn. If he didn't force her to this point, she wouldn't give in at all!
"Don't kill me, don't kill me …"
Feng Ge turned a deaf ear to Luo Zheng's words and repeated them repeatedly.

Chapter 2859
The Outsider
"Pa!"
A purple ribbon flew through the air and Luo Zheng was sent flying.
Concubine Yan rushed forward and held Feng Ge in her arms, her face full of worry.
Luo Zheng landed steadily on the ground and looked at Feng Ge with a strange expression.
It was reasonable to say that as long as the Demon Eye of Fear stopped releasing the power of fear, the corresponding fear in one's heart would disappear.
Luo Zheng just released the ability of the Demon Eye of Fear to scare her, but he didn't expect that Feng Ge would fall into an emotional state.
The Golden Crow Divine Fire gradually extinguished, and the surroundings were burned black.
In Concubine Yan's arms, Feng Ge was still trembling.
Concubine Yan reached out and gently pressed Feng Ge's forehead. A soft soul aura bloomed, and Feng Ge gradually calmed down.
"Did you use some kind of spiritual fear on her?" Concubine Yan asked.
The True Meaning of Good and Evil was a very unpopular True Meaning of Dao in Taiyi Heaven Palace, but Concubine Yan could see it at a glance, although she didn't know that Luo Zheng used the ability of the Demon Eye of Fear.
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
Concubine Yan sighed, but she didn't blame Luo Zheng. Instead, she blamed herself. "I shouldn't have … When Feng Ge was born, she underwent a very cruel test in the Hive. This kind of method will evoke these memories."
The environment in which the Hive demonesses grew up was far from as gentle as the human race.
Especially Feng Ge, who was judged to be the most likely person to lead the Hive and become Phoenix since birth.
From birth, Feng Ge had to compete with the other Hive demonesses. Countless young demonesses died because of this, and she grew up little by little in blood and bones. If Donghuang hadn't single-handedly killed his way into the Hive to take Feng Ge back when she was six years old, the current Phoenix would have been Feng Ge.
Although Feng Ge returned to Taiyi Palace for many years, the memories of her childhood were difficult to erase. Concubine Yan used special means to seal those memories in the depths of her soul.
Some of the magical powers activated by the True Meaning of Good and Evil could still evoke memories of that time.
Because of those cruel experiences in her childhood, Feng Ge's indifferent character was nurtured.
"Then why didn't you stop her just now?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
With the existence of Concubine Yan, Luo Zheng did not expect that he would be able to fight with Feng Ge. Moreover, she had been watching from the sidelines!
Luo Zheng was also angry and could only force her to hand over Han Liusu and the others.
Concubine Yan gently rubbed the space between Feng Ge's eyebrows, a desolate look flashing across her face. "I just want to see how far you can push her …"
After returning to Taiyi Palace for so many years, Feng Ge had always been indifferent to the outside world. Even if Concubine Yan accompanied her all day long, it was difficult to see any change in her expression. As a mother, it was indeed very anxious to see her daughter like this.
No matter what means were used, she could not be changed at all. In her heart, there was always a deep fear of this world, so she was completely indifferent to everything.
"Wouldn't it be more painful for me to force her?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Concubine Yan chuckled and said, "No, at least when she faces you, her expression will be much richer. As her mother, I have never seen her angry. Today, she even cried …"
When Concubine Yan brought Luo Zheng here, Feng Ge was indeed very indifferent to her mother.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng could not help but roll his eyes in his heart. Why did he feel that this mother and son were both crazy? Do you want me to scare her every now and then?
"The Raging Fire is not a punishment, but a way of cultivation. Even the direct descendants of Taiyi Palace need to cherish this way of cultivation. The people you are looking for should not be in danger," Concubine Yan said again.
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. He cursed in his heart. If you two had made things clear, why did you have to fight?
Feng Ge lay for a while, then slowly woke up in Concubine Yan's arms.
After opening her eyes, she glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. She struggled out of Concubine Yan's arms, stood up, and turned to leave.
"You lost to me," Luo Zheng said behind her.
Feng Ge stopped and responded indifferently, "What do you want?"
"Take me to them," Luo Zheng said again.
Feng Ge paused for a moment and said, "Come with me."
Concubine Yan motioned to Luo Zheng to follow him. Luo Zheng followed Feng Ge into Chenghuo Hall.
Concubine Yan stood still and looked at Luo Zheng's tall and straight back. A mysterious smile appeared on her face, but she murmured, "He is not afraid of the Golden Crow Divine Fire, and his strength is greater than Feng Ge's. He seems like a suitable little enemy …"
…
In Chenghuo Hall, wisps of hot air came out.
Chains hung from the beams in the hall. These chains were burned red and hung down like noodles. Looking up the chains, one could see the pillars, eaves, and even the cracks on the ground in Chenghuo Hall. There were faint flames flowing in the pillars, eaves, and even in the cracks on the ground.
Luo Zheng was curious and wanted to ask what the people in Chenghuo Hall practiced. But thinking of Feng Ge's angry face, he chose to keep quiet.
After passing through a long and thin corridor, they entered a side hall.
As soon as they stepped into the side hall, they sensed a wisp of soul aura in the scorching waves …
Luo Zheng's eyes brightened. This aura was very similar to the aura of the Soul Elixir. It was similar to the aura of the starlight outside Dragon City, but it was ten times stronger here!
In this side hall, Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu were sitting cross-legged. There was a burning chain hanging above their heads. Below the chain, there were small circles of fire tornadoes, which emitted strong soul aura.
It was the first time for Luo Zheng to see such a way of practicing the soul. He was quite surprised.
"Is this the Raging Fire?" Luo Zheng asked.
"What else do you think it is?" Feng Ge was still angry when facing Luo Zheng.
Now it was Luo Zheng's turn to be embarrassed. He scratched his head and said, "I thought it was some kind of torture …"
Feng Ge stared at Luo Zheng fiercely. At this time, Mu Ning opened her eyes. The fire tornadoes above her head disappeared along the chain. She saw Feng Ge and smiled, "Little Master, I feel my aura has improved again! Eh? Luo Zheng? "
"What does' eh 'mean …"
Seeing Mu Ning calling Feng Ge so intimately, Luo Zheng suddenly felt like he was an outsider.
At this time, Han Liusu and Xun woke up. Han Liusu saw Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly, "You finally found this place!"
"Little Master said that I'm afraid you won't be able to enter the Crown Prince's Palace," Xun added.

Chapter 2860
?
Luo Zheng stood there for a while and then asked, "What's wrong with Little Master?"
Xun, Mu Ning and Han Liusu looked at each other and smiled. Mu Ning said, "It's apprenticeship! It's just that Feng Ge is young, so of course it's Little Master! "
Luo Zheng looked at Feng Ge, but Feng Ge was still staring at him with a look that said, "What do you want?"
"Since you're all right, come back with me," Luo Zheng said.
No matter what, Luo Zheng felt that it was not appropriate to stay in the Taishi Palace, especially to be apprenticed to Feng Ge. Luo Zheng was even more confused.
Mu Ning and Han Liusu shook their heads at the same time. Even Xun smiled but said nothing.
Xun would not refuse Luo Zheng, but from her reaction, she also felt that the Taishi Palace was an excellent place for cultivation.
From the beginning, the three girls were forced to come up the mountain, and they did have some resistance.
However, Feng Ge did not make it difficult for them. Instead, he really took them into the Taishi Palace and trained them as disciples of the direct line.
The environment outside Xianglong City was naturally much better than the Taishi Palace. It could be said that even the Heart-Flow Sword Sect could not compare to the Taishi Palace. After all, it was a sword sect built by the Eastern Emperor, and all its resources were superior to other sword sects.
In addition, Feng Ge would give them pointers from time to time. Together with their good talent, they improved rapidly these days!
Thus, the three girls started calling him Little Master this and Little Master this …
Seeing that Luo Zheng was unhappy, Han Liusu took the initiative to hold Luo Zheng's hand and said coquettishly, "Anyway, it's safe enough here. If we were in Dragon City, we might not be able to reach the Nirvana Realm even after decades. Here, we can greatly shorten the time!"
There were all kinds of risks before reaching the Nirvana Realm, such as the Sea of Truth, the Great Whirlpool, and the Nine-Dotted Line. These were all checkpoints. Many people were trapped in the Great Whirlpool and died in the Nine-Dotted Line. However, by relying on the Taishi Palace, these risks were greatly reduced.
Luo Zheng also realized this.
Even if he earned a lot of Divine Crystals with his ability to comprehend the Dao with a single thought, he couldn't provide such a good environment.
However, looking at Feng Ge's inexplicable smug expression, Luo Zheng was still a little unhappy.
"Why do you want to bring them to the Taishi Palace?" Luo Zheng suddenly stared at Feng Ge and asked.
Feng Ge thought about it and hesitated for a while before saying, "I want to get the True Comprehension Chapter."
The number of words that Feng Ge had obtained from the Book of True Understanding was far less than that of Luo Zheng. After being humiliated by Luo Zheng that day, she had always felt indignant.
She had lost to Luo Zheng not because she was weak, but because her understanding of the True Comprehension Chapter was not as good as Luo Zheng's.
Even if she were to directly ask for it, she couldn't possibly disregard her own reputation.
Hence, he sent people to ask around, and they learned that Luo Zheng had women cultivating in Dragon City. After he did some work, he "invited" Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu up the mountain.
Her original goal was indeed to use the three of them to threaten Luo Zheng into handing over the True Comprehension Chapter.
Although Mu Ning, Xun, and Han Liusu knew that their situation wasn't good, after entering the palace, everything wasn't as bad as they imagined. It was just that Feng Ge wasn't very approachable. They didn't even know much about Feng Ge's identity, and they only found out after asking a maid.
After arranging for them to enter the Taishi Palace, Feng Ge discovered that he and Mu Ning and the others hit it off very well. After a few times, Feng Ge even gave them pointers on their cultivation methods. Hence, they were called "Little Master".
After getting a general understanding of the situation, Luo Zheng gently flipped his hand.
"Huala …"
A piece of rice paper appeared in his hand.
"I've already given this True Comprehension Chapter of one hundred and fifty words to several people. Actually, if you ask me, or Sir Qiu Yinhe, you can get it." Luo Zheng reached out and lightly tapped the rice paper. The paper spread out in the air, and an invisible force transformed into a table that spread the paper out in the air.
Immediately after, Luo Zheng flipped his hand again, and another ink brush appeared in his hand.
"Shua shua shua …"
With a flurry of calligraphy, Luo Zheng had already added a hundred and eighty words to the True Comprehension Chapter.
"I was only able to decipher the last thirty words recently, and no one knows about it yet. Consider it a reward for the three of them cultivating here." As Luo Zheng spoke, he gently pushed the rice paper and sent it flying towards Feng Ge.
These past few years, Feng Ge had been indifferent to other matters. The only thing he was interested in was cultivation, which was why he took the time to give pointers to Mu Ning and the others. It seemed that teaching people how to cultivate was also a kind of pleasure.
Feng Ge grabbed the paper and read a few words, his eyes shining brightly.
She carefully folded the rice paper and asked, "Is there anything else? If the True Comprehension Chapter is completely deciphered, it will be more than this. "
How could Luo Zheng hand over the entire True Comprehension Chapter?
He just laughed and said, "I don't know when the rest will be deciphered. This is all. If they can successfully break through to the Nirvana Realm, I may be able to decipher some …"
Feng Ge raised her eyebrows again. She was skeptical about Luo Zheng's words, but she couldn't do anything about it. However, she was still satisfied with the 180 words of the True Comprehension Chapter.
Next, Luo Zheng reminded Mu Ning and the others before leaving the Chenghuo Hall.
When he arrived at the door of the Chenghuo Hall, Luo Zheng found that Concubine Yan hadn't left. She was still waiting at the door, looking like she wanted to say something.
Luo Zheng then asked, "Concubine Yan, do you have anything else to say to me?"
Concubine Yan was also a very smart person. When she saw Luo Zheng come out alone, she already understood that Luo Zheng's three women would have to stay in the Taishidi Palace.
"Cultivating in the Taishidi Palace is indeed much better than cultivating in Dragon City. They will be treated as the direct descendants of the Heavenly Palace if they stay here," Concubine Yan said.
"Thank you, Concubine Yan," Luo Zheng nodded and said.
Concubine Yan suddenly stretched out her hand, and there was a light green jade token in her hand. "This is the token of the Taishidi Palace. Next time you enter the Taishidi Palace, you don't have to force your way into the Taishidi Mirage. The Taishidi Mirage hasn't been fully opened. You're lucky to be able to break in. Next time, you won't be so lucky …"
This time, Luo Zheng casually walked into the Taishidi Palace, which would definitely attract the attention of the guards. If Luo Zheng wanted to enter again, it would be difficult for him to rely on the Demon Eye of Fear.
Luo Zheng took the token, looked at it, and directly stuffed it into the Sumeru Ring.
Before Luo Zheng left, he heard Concubine Yan say with a smile, "If you have time, you can come visit the Taishidi Palace more often …"
Looking at Concubine Yan's enigmatic smile, Luo Zheng felt a little apprehensive.
Xun and the others were cultivating here, so he would definitely come again. But what did this have to do with Concubine Yan?
When he came out of the Taishidi Palace, the thick white fog of the Taishidi Mirage receded to both sides. The road under his feet was also paved with fog, soft as cotton.
After flying along this road for a while, Luo Zheng arrived at the Cloud Mountain Palace halfway up the mountain.

Chapter 2861
Please Enter Taihao Mountain
Luo Zheng ignored them and walked toward the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path.
As he passed by the black-robed old man, one of the young men asked, "Sir, are you Young Master Luo?"
Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks. He was on high alert, but when he remembered that this was Taihao Mountain, he nodded. "Yes."
A smile appeared on the young man's face. "Very well, Young Master Luo, please come to Taihao Mountain."
Upon hearing the words' Taihao Mountain ', Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and said, "Not interested."
After killing Xu Youwei at Ming Lake, Luo Zheng knew that Taihao Mountain would not let the matter rest.
However, he was still a disciple of the Heavenly Palace and an elite of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Even if they really wanted to take revenge, they would only dare to do so in secret. He did not expect these people to openly wait for him here and 'invite' him to Taihao Mountain.
Luo Zheng was not an idiot. Why would he agree? With that, he started to walk away.
Two young men blocked Luo Zheng's path. The young man on the right smiled politely. "I'm afraid it's not up to you."
"You want to fight here?" Luo Zheng's expression suddenly turned cold and his voice grew louder.
At this time, the black-clothed old man sitting by the big rock faintly sighed. "It seems that you don't know what kind of disaster you have caused. Let alone making a move here, even if I kill you here, so what? However, we have no intention of killing you. We're just working for someone else... "
As the black-robed old man spoke, he released a faintly discernible aura.
This aura was not strong, but Luo Zheng found that he could not resist it!
"This person is very powerful..."
Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly. Just as Luo Zheng was considering whether to escape into the Cloud Mountain Palace or the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path, a silver circle of light suddenly appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. This silver circle of light was a pitch-black space.
Luo Zheng felt the air under his feet disappear. Knowing that something was wrong, he tried to fly up.
Little did he know that the power contained within this pitch-black space was firmly sucking him in, not allowing him to resist at all. In the blink of an eye, he had completely fallen into it.
The black-clothed old man gently waved his hand, and a small golden monkey jumped out from his head.
This golden monkey was emitting the aura of the Nirvana Realm. It was a living Nirvana Realm Token!
The black-robed old man extended his hand and a few Divine Crystals appeared in his palm. The golden monkey lightly jumped on his shoulder and grabbed the Divine Crystals, placing them in its mouth and chewing on them with relish.
"Put away the Qian Ring," the black-clothed old man instructed.
"Ji ji ji ji!"
The little golden monkey grinned, and the silver halo quickly shrank and disappeared.
At this moment, there was a sudden roar in front of the Cloud Mountain Palace!
Boom!
The entire Cloud Mountain Palace was surrounded by shadows. Those shadows quickly dissipated under the rumbling noise. Guchen stepped into the Cloud Mountain Palace and said with a dark face, "Desolation Dragon! How could you deceive me? Coming to my Greater One Mountain to capture people, this is too much! "
Early in the morning, this black-clothed old man called "Desolation Dragon" brought his disciples to visit the Cloud Mountain Palace.
Desolation Dragon was a famous expert. Although his reputation was not as good as Qiu Yinhe and He Chi, his strength was not far off.
Guchen was also puzzled. After all, the Great Hao Mountain was a branch of its own. The people of the Great Hao Mountain and the people of the Greater One Mountain did not interact much. However, Guchen respected him as a senior, so he naturally treated him well.
Who knew that Desolation Dragon and his two disciples had been here for several days, with the goal of taking away Luo Zheng!
What made Guchen even angrier was that as soon as Luo Zheng appeared, Desolation Dragon quietly laid down an illusion formation and confused the Cloud Mountain Palace. If Guchen did not use the formation plate of the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road to observe, Luo Zheng would have been quietly taken away by Desolation Dragon!
Faced with Guchen's questioning, Desolation Dragon calmly smiled and said, "This person killed the son of the Mountain Lord. How can a hundred deaths be redeemed? I am just following orders. Lord Gu, there is no need to be so agitated. "
"Let him stay. Everything can be discussed," Guchen said with an unfriendly expression.
On the Greater One Mountain, Guchen and Wen Si played the role of guide, but Guchen's status was higher than Wen Si's. After all, he was in charge of the entire Coiling Dragon Ancient Road and a part of the Mountain Protecting Formation.
As a member of the Greater One Mountain, Guchen also knew the relationship between Luo Zheng and Qiu Yinhe. Now he naturally had to step forward to protect him. How could he let Desolation Dragon take away Luo Zheng so easily?
Who knew that Desolation Dragon still had a calm expression, "What if I say no?"
"Ji ji ji ji!"
The little golden monkey beside Desolation Dragon bared its teeth at Guchen.
Among the Paramita tokens, the most precious and the most powerful ones were all living creatures.
When Guchen saw the little golden monkey, there was a look of fear on his face.
Desolation Dragon waved his hand and was about to leave with his two disciples. As he walked, he warned, "Taking away Luo Zheng is Xu Shou's order. Lord Gu, don't get involved, it will only cause trouble..."
Saying so, the three people had already floated away.
"Great Hao Mountain Lord Xu Shou..."
"Killed the Mountain Lord's son..."
Guchen's expression also became complicated.
Luo Zheng's performance on the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road was still fresh in Guchen's memory.
This boy was destined to become a new star on the Greater One Mountain, an existence no weaker than Mo Yijian. How did he suddenly provoke the Great Hao Mountain?
Just as Desolation Dragon said, this matter was beyond Guchen's ability. After pondering for a while, he decided to report this matter to Qiu Yinhe.
… …
… …
Luo Zheng fell all the way in the darkness, like an endless abyss.
The invisible force was like a shackle on Luo Zheng's body. There was no possibility for him to break free.
About half an hour later, a silver light suddenly flashed in his line of sight, and a circle of light appeared below him again.
"Whoosh!"
"Plop!"
Falling from the circle of light, Luo Zheng smashed onto the cold floor.
The moment he landed, Luo Zheng leaped to his feet and scanned his surroundings vigilantly.
It was a gloomy palace.
On both sides of the palace stood several black-robed people, and in the middle of these black-robed people sat a beautiful woman in red.
This beautiful woman in red had an exquisite appearance, with a blood mole between her eyebrows. Her eyes were full of viciousness and resentment, looking up and down Luo Zheng.
After a long while, the beautiful woman in red broke the silence, gnashing her teeth as she said, "You killed my son?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng naturally understood. So this beautiful woman in red was Xu Youwei's mother.
In fact, the moment Luo Zheng killed Xu Youwei, the Great Hao Mountain already knew, and at the same time sent people to Ming Lake to investigate. However, after Luo Zheng killed Xu Youwei, he did not stay for too long, and returned to Dragon City, missing this opportunity.
Although the people sent by the Great Hao Mountain failed to intercept Luo Zheng, they already knew Luo Zheng's identity. Then, the Great Hao Mountain sent Desolation Dragon to intercept him on the only way up the mountain, the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road.

Chapter 2862
The Soul Snatching Hand
Luo Zheng thought that if he admitted it, the beautiful woman in red would fly into a rage.
Unexpectedly, the resentment on her face disappeared in the blink of an eye, and her complexion calmed down.
Seeing the beautiful woman in red's complexion, Luo Zheng felt somewhat uneasy.
When he was caught by the black-clothed old man, Luo Zheng felt a little strange.
If the Taihao Mountain really wanted to kill him, the black-clothed old man would have directly acted in the Greater One Mountain, and he would have no room to resist. Even if there was someone secretly protecting Luo Zheng, they would not be able to save him in time.
The Taihao Mountain's current attitude must have some ulterior motive.
"Youwei was my most beloved son. You have to give me an explanation for his death," the beautiful woman in red said calmly.
"Explanation?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised, and he asked, "Xu Youwei repeatedly tried to kill me. If it weren't for his lack of strength, I'm afraid I would already be dead. This time at the Thousand Ripples Pavilion gathering, he wholeheartedly tried to lure me onto the arena, and also wanted to kill me. Now that he was killed by me, you want me to give you an explanation?"
The beautiful woman in red said indifferently, "Even if it's like what you said, you're not dead. The one who died was my son!"
At first glance, what the beautiful woman in red said did make some sense.
Xu Youwei had paid with his life, and Luo Zheng was standing here perfectly fine.
It was not unreasonable for his mother to find Luo Zheng and ask for an explanation.
"Don't beat around the bush. What do you want?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
The beautiful woman in red stood up from her chair, and leisurely walked to Luo Zheng's side. Her pair of breathtaking eyes seemed to want to see through Luo Zheng. Then she opened her mouth and said, "I heard that you won first place at the Seven Mountains Meeting, and displayed extraordinary strength. It seems to have something to do with the True Meaning of the Dao, right?"
Luo Zheng stood where he was and did not respond.
"Those talisman formations that Qiu Yinhe made were all made by the Imperial Sword Seal. Even if you are a genius who can comprehend the Dao with a single thought, you can't do that. What are you relying on?" The beautiful woman in red smiled.
Looking at the smiling face of the beautiful woman in red, Luo Zheng immediately understood her purpose — the True Comprehension Chapter.
Luo Zheng sighed inwardly in the face of her sudden change in attitude.
It seemed that Xu Youwei really didn't mean much to Taihao Mountain. How was this the attitude of someone whose son had died?
That was indeed the case.
For example, in the Taishi Palace, the number of Donghuang's subordinates was not small, but the number of his direct subordinates was even greater.
There were more disciples in the Taishi Palace than there were in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. The ones with real status were those who were talented and favored by Donghuang. Feng Ge was one of them.
It was the same for Taihao Mountain. Xu Shou was born in the Minghu Xu Family and had been in the Center God Province for about the same amount of time as Donghuang. After countless years, he probably had tens of thousands of sons, and the descendants of his sons also had sons. These were all considered direct descendants, which was also a huge number.
Xu Youwei was one of the best among his many sons. In terms of status and importance, he could not be compared to Feng Ge of the Taishi Palace.
"I relied on my strength," Luo Zheng answered seriously.
The beautiful woman in red stared at Luo Zheng with some disappointment in her beautiful eyes. She shook her head and smiled. "Your strength is not bad. You killed Crane Guard and Crane Gui by yourself. That is really surprising. But Qiu Yinhe's Imperial Sword Seal is a very special Theurgy. It can only be activated by the Qi of Trueness. It has nothing to do with your strength."
She changed the topic and said, "I heard that there is a sequel to the Eternal Sword Intent, and this sequel is the essence. It has never been deciphered, but now it seems that someone has done it?"
Luo Zheng looked at her blankly and shrugged. "I don't know what the sequel is."
"Is that so?"
The beautiful woman in red stretched out her hand, and a piece of yellow paper appeared in her hand. There were more than 20 tiny words recorded on the yellow paper.
Luo Zheng glanced at the small words. It really did record the first 20 words of the True Comprehension Chapter.
He had already published 150 words of the True Comprehension Chapter. Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and He Chi were bound to publish it as well. With Taihao Mountain's ability, it was not difficult to obtain this True Comprehension Chapter.
Actually, Taihao Mountain had spent a lot of effort to obtain these 20 words.
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others attached great importance to the True Comprehension Chapter. Even though they only had 150 words, they did not publish them all at once. For example, only a few direct descendants of Taiyi Mountain had obtained 150 words, while the elites only had the 20 words version.
The Taihao Mountain had obtained these twenty words.
"These 20 words are the continuation of the Eternal Sword Intent, but it is too little. Based on our judgment, there are at least a thousand to two thousand words in the continuation. These are in your hands." The beautiful woman in red circled behind Luo Zheng and said, "Hand over the entire continuation, and I will forgive you for killing my son. How about it?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the beautiful woman in red with a strange expression.
Use the entire True Comprehension Chapter to obtain her forgiveness? This dream was a little too perfect.
The True Comprehension Chapter was very important. After all, it was related to the foundation of the Heavenly Palace. If there was an opportunity, he would definitely hand it over. However, he would need to obtain the support of the Heavenly Palace, or even the support of the entire Li Clan.
Before this opportunity arrived, Luo Zheng could not hand it over.
Luo Zheng could not agree to rely on Xu Youwei's life to obtain the entire True Comprehension Chapter.
"I did decipher these 20 words," Luo Zheng said.
After wasting so much time, Luo Zheng finally admitted it. The eyes of the beautiful woman in red and the black-robed men not far away lit up, indicating that their judgment was correct.
"But I have only deciphered 150 words in total, and I have already given them to Senior Qiu Yinhe. If you want, I can write them for you," Luo Zheng said again.
Since he had already handed over the 150 words, sooner or later it would spread to the entire Heavenly Palace, and even to the entire Human Clan, just like the Eternal Sword Intent. He did not mind writing them again.
"Not enough," the beautiful woman in red stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "I want all of them."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, revealing an embarrassed expression. "That is difficult. I have not deciphered it myself. How can I give you all of them?"
Unexpectedly, the beautiful woman in red shook her head and said, "I don't believe what you said. Therefore, you have two choices in front of you. You can either write the entire continuation yourself, or …"
The beautiful woman in red looked at the black-robed men.
One of the black-robed men strode out, and a shadow appeared above his head. A green fog was rising, and a green arm faintly appeared in the green fog.
"That is the Nirvana Token of the 17th Layer of Heaven, called the Hand of Snatching Soul. It will not harm your soul, but it can write down the things in your memory stroke by stroke." The beautiful woman in red smiled with a hint of eeriness.
Divine Paths such as the Great Ruling Spell had little effect on the strong men of the Border Region. As long as Luo Zheng resisted, it would be difficult to search his soul.
However, there were some similar tokens in the Nirvana Realm, and the Hand of Snatching Soul was one of them.

Chapter 2863
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
A Little Trick
When Luo Zheng revealed the True Comprehension Chapter to Qiu Yinhe and He Chi, Qiu Yinhe and He Chi obviously had some doubts.
They also wanted the complete True Comprehension Chapter, but from their standpoint, they naturally wouldn't force Luo Zheng to reveal it. They even tried to use Soul Searching.
They could only listen to what Luo Zheng said.
But the people of Taihao Mountain were different. If the beautiful woman in red wanted to achieve her goal, she certainly wouldn't stop just because Luo Zheng said "I haven't deciphered it."
When she invited Luo Zheng here, she had already prepared everything!
"Have you thought it through? Do you want to do it yourself, or do you want us to do it? "The beautiful woman in red stared at Luo Zheng with a complacent expression.
Luo Zheng frowned and said with a sullen face, "I've already found the way to decipher the True Comprehension Chapter. Although I've only deciphered 150 characters, I'll be able to decipher the entire chapter in a few years. When the time comes, I'll present it to Donghuang, and he'll pass it on to the entire Heavenly Palace. Do you think I'll leave only Taihao Mountain behind?"
Luo Zheng was a little puzzled by the anxious actions of the beautiful woman in red. Why was she so anxious?
Unexpectedly, she didn't pay any attention to Luo Zheng. She turned to the black-robed man and said, "Immortal Ghost, do it."
The black-robed man strode straight toward Luo Zheng. The green hand above his head also grabbed at Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng be willing to comply?
There was more than one True Comprehension Chapter in his mind, and there were too many important secrets.
The Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, the Realm of the Gods, Luo Nian, the Li Clan …
Even if he died, Luo Zheng couldn't let others know.
Dong!
Luo Zheng suddenly kicked his legs and flew backward.
But before he could fly more than three meters, the beautiful woman in red waved her hand gently. Luo Zheng only saw a flash in front of his eyes, and he was back to his original position.
Bang!
Even so, Luo Zheng rushed to the right again.
The same strange scene appeared. After a distance of three meters, Luo Zheng returned to his original place.
It was as if there was an invisible space corridor around Luo Zheng. No matter how hard Luo Zheng tried, he was still going in circles.
"Little brother, don't struggle in vain." The beautiful woman in red shook her head.
Luo Zheng's expression became extremely anxious when he saw the immortal ghost walking towards him with its green hand pressing down on his head.
At this time, 9527's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind, "It's just the Hand of Soul Snatcher. Let him search."
"Do you have a solution?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course." 9527 chuckled. "Just relax. I guarantee that nothing will be found from him."
Although 9527 was only a Divided Soul and could not help much in the contest of strength, it still had many tricks up its sleeve. Luo Zheng calmed down a little after hearing what it said.
Of course, Luo Zheng was still very nervous on the surface.
"Hua!"
When the man in black approached Luo Zheng, the Hand of Soul Snatcher went straight to the top of Luo Zheng's head and clasped five fingers on the top of his head.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a whirlpool-like soul aura rushing into his mind.
At the same time, 9527 also acted. Luo Zheng only felt a slight numbness in his soul. His whole mind became very slow. Then he stood there blankly, letting the Hand of Soul Snatcher invade him.
The man in black was originally very confident, with a pitiful smile on his face. The green gas on the surface of the Hand of Soul Snatcher was rolling, and one of his hands was emitting a green luster.
Luo Zheng's memory was also constantly being absorbed into the mind of the man in black, becoming a part of his memory.
The beautiful woman in red looked at the man in black with concern and asked, "Have you found it? Do you want me to prepare a brush and ink for you to write it down? "
"Not yet," the immortal ghost replied.
In the mind of the immortal ghost, countless jumbled memories emerged.
The life of a beggar …
A butterfly being preyed on by a spider …
Even the evolution of an Inner World …
There was a faintly strange expression on his face. According to his experience, a person's memory was distributed linearly, from childhood to adulthood. As long as there was nothing wrong with the brain, it was generally arranged neatly.
But why was this kid's memory so strange?
"Those memory fragments …"
The immortal ghost continued to investigate, and found some memory fragments with unique shapes.
Under normal circumstances, the immortal ghost would ignore these memory fragments. But he hadn't found any valuable information in the soul search, so he could only try to interpret these memory fragments.
When he deciphered the first memory fragment, a look of pleasant surprise appeared on his face.
It was the first ten words of the True Comprehension Chapter!
As for why such important information was scattered in the memory fragments, the immortal ghost couldn't figure it out.
But now that he had found a clue, how could the immortal ghost let go of such an opportunity?
The memory fragments in Luo Zheng's soul were absorbed into his own mind, and then absorbed into the depths of his soul for interpretation.
But just as he absorbed those memory fragments and began to interpret them, his eyes suddenly widened, his body began to tremble, and his face suddenly became deathly pale!
"These, these … too many … damn it!" The immortal ghost began to talk nonsense.
"Immortal ghost, what's wrong with you?" The beautiful woman in red looked surprised.
The other men in black also looked puzzled.
The immortal ghost's strength was not strong among them, but the Hand of Soul Snatcher was a very important ability. Over the years, the immortal ghost had indeed solved many difficult problems. How could there be an accident when facing a little kid like Luo Zheng this time?
The immortal ghost's body trembled, and he kept retreating. Finally, with a plop, he fell to the ground and fainted.
Luo Zheng also returned to normal, and his mind became agile again. Seeing the immortal ghost fall in front of him, he was also full of surprise, and asked in his mind, "9527, what did you do?"
The immortal ghost's soul level was much stronger than Luo Zheng's. Even if 9527 was a part of the soul of the Ancient God of Chaos, he couldn't suppress the immortal ghost to this extent. If it had been a Brain Master, it might have been possible.
"I didn't do anything. Doesn't he like to search souls? I just stuffed a lot of memories into his soul. His soul can't bear so many memories, hehe … "9527 laughed proudly.
At first, 9527's personality was similar to that of the Lord of Chaos, but now that he had been with Luo Zheng for a long time, his self-awareness had gradually awakened, and his personality had become more and more distinct. If it had been him, he would have disdained to use such a little trick.
Those memory fragments were a trap deliberately set up by 9527, to make the immortal ghost think that the important information was in the fragments, but in fact, it was in other memory fragments. 9527 stuffed a lot of memories into them.
These memories almost included the entire creation of the Chaos. Most of the observations that the Lord of Chaos had made were not practical. More importantly, these memories were not deciphered by mere humans.

Chapter 2864
Emperor Shou
As the saying goes, a man whose heart is content is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant. The Immortal Ghost absorbed the memory fragments into his mind and soul to interpret them.
What he swallowed was not an elephant, but a whale.
A massive amount of memories poured out, wreaking havoc in the depths of the Immortal Ghost's soul. Unable to bear it, he fainted.
"What did you do!" The beautiful woman in red glared at Luo Zheng and shouted coldly.
Luo Zheng spread out his arms and waved his hands, indicating that he did not do anything.
"Boom!"
The beautiful woman in red waved her palm at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng felt as if he was hit by a heavy hammer. His whole body flew out and smashed into the wall of the palace.
He did not know what material this gloomy palace was made of, but the wall only slightly bent under the impact and did not break.
"Ugh …"
Luo Zheng leaned against the wall, a trace of blood spilled from the corner of his mouth.
The strength of this beautiful woman in red was too strong. Even with the protection of the stone sealing solution, the power of her palm still slightly injured him.
The beautiful woman in red's eyes were cold and full of astonishment.
She thought that this palm landing could beat Luo Zheng half-dead. This brat actually forcefully endured this palm and did not faint!
"Lock him up!"
The beautiful woman in red said sternly, then turned around and walked away.
The other two men in black came forward and dragged Luo Zheng to the back of the palace. One of the men in black stamped his foot, and the ground of the palace suddenly split open. A square hole appeared, and then they threw Luo Zheng into it.
During the whole process, Luo Zheng did not resist.
These people were far stronger than him. Resistance was useless, and would only lead to more severe revenge.
In the hole, Luo Zheng was unusually calm. He sat cross-legged.
On one hand, they were afraid of Greater One Heavenly Palace. On the other hand, they also wanted to get the True Comprehension Chapter. From these two points, he should be safe. But he could not guarantee what they would do next.
This time he relied on 9527's means to get through, but the next time might not necessarily be the same.
"I don't know if Senior Qiu and Senior He Chi will take action …" Luo Zheng muttered facing the dark cave wall.
… …
…
The beautiful woman in red left the gloomy palace. Her dress and her entire body gradually faded away. In the blink of an eye, she had disappeared at the entrance of the palace.
At the top of Mount Taihao, pillars made of black cast iron swords held up a dark green palace.
This was the Haoran Sword Hall of the Taihao Mountain. It was also the center of the Taihao Mountain.
The red-clothed beautiful woman appeared at the entrance of Haoran Sword Hall and quickly walked into the hall.
The black-armored guards on both sides of the palace door saw the beautiful woman in red and knelt down to pay their respects.
"Greetings, Lady Xuan!"
"Greetings, Consort Xuan!"
"Lady Xuan, it's not convenient for Sovereign Shou to receive guests right now …"
The red mole between Lady Xuan's brows was dark red as if it was dripping blood. The black-armored imperial guards knew that she was extremely furious, but Hao Ran Sword Hall was not a place that could be casually barged in. Even Lady Xuan was not allowed to do so. They could only helplessly stop her.
"Hmph!"
Lady Xuan didn't even spare them a glance as she waved her hand in the air.
These black-armored imperial guards felt their chests tighten. "Peng, peng, peng, peng." They were sent flying to both sides.
At the head of Hao Ran Sword Hall, a middle-aged man with a long beard was leaning on a large golden dragon throne. This middle-aged man with a long beard seemed to be full of vitality. His slender eyes emitted a blade-like luster.
This person was the mountain master of Mount Taihao, Sovereign Shou Xu.
Beside Xu Shou, there were two black shadows. The appearance of these black shadows couldn't be seen clearly. One could only vaguely make out the shape of a person.
The two black shadows were the leaders of the dark department. They were currently reporting something to Xu Shou with their heads lowered …
At this moment, Xu Shou lightly raised his hand. The two black shadows had already noticed Lady Xuan barging in. They consciously moved to the side and merged into the shadows of the wall.
Seeing Lady Xuan, a gentle smile appeared on Xu Shou's face. He said, "Xuan 'er, what made you so angry?"
"That kid isn't willing to say. He's only willing to hand over a hundred and fifty words." Lady Xuan said.
Xu Shou stroked his long beard and said thoughtfully, "That's in line with the information we gathered at the beginning."
"He's lying!" Lady Xuan raised her eyebrows.
Whether Luo Zheng was lying or not was actually only fifty-fifty. However, people like Lady Xuan usually wouldn't give up until they reached their goal. Naturally, she believed that Luo Zheng was lying.
"So what if he's lying? Didn't I send the immortal ghost of the dark department over?" Xu Shou asked.
At the mention of the immortal ghost, Lady Xuan's eyes flashed with a trace of sharpness. "I don't know what that kid did. The immortal ghost did successfully read his memories, but it fainted halfway!"
Although Luo Zheng's soul level was outstanding, it was still worlds apart from the immortal ghost. Naturally, he couldn't have used a soul attack. This was something that Lady Xuan couldn't understand.
Xu Shou's face showed a trace of interest. "He made the immortal ghost faint? Bring the immortal ghost over for me to see! "
Lady Xuan helplessly conveyed Xu Shou's summons. Very quickly, the immortal ghost was carried to Hao Ran Sword Hall by several black-clothed people.
Xu Shou raised his hand slightly, and the unconscious immortal ghost slowly floated up. Xu Shou flicked a finger at the immortal ghost, and a strand of brown light entered the immortal ghost's mind. Only then did the immortal ghost slowly wake up.
Seeing Xu Shou sitting on the golden dragon throne, the immortal ghost's expression changed. It respectfully knelt on the ground and said, "The immortal ghost greets Emperor Shou!"
"You've already used the Soul Seizing Hand for many years. You're already very proficient in it. Why would such a problem occur when you're investigating a mere brat from a perverted realm?" Xu Shou asked calmly.
The immortal ghost recalled that moment, and its face was still full of shock.
"That kid, that kid isn't human at all!" the immortal ghost said with wide eyes.
It was impossible for a person to have such a huge amount of memories.
There were too many memories in those fragments. One of them was watching the sun rise and set for a thousand years, ten thousand years, a hundred million years, ten billion years. Moreover, it recorded everything, no matter how big or small, until the sun self-destructed!
Not to mention that Luo Zheng's skeletal age was only a hundred years. How could there be such a bored person in this world?
Even the ancient Stone Clan and the slow-moving Turtle Clan would not be able to do such a thing.
After hearing the immortal ghost's words, Xu Shou, Lady Xuan, and even the two Dark Tribe leaders in the shadows were all baffled. How could there be such a ridiculous memory in this world?
"Perhaps … he's holding some special Paramita Token. These memories belong to the Paramita Token," Xu Shou said thoughtfully.
Most Paramita Tokens carried a portion of memories. Such a huge amount of memories was unheard of, but it was also Xu Shou's speculation.
"The key is how to make that kid talk," Lady Xuan said with a sigh.

Chapter 2865
Searching the Mountain
The dark department had countless torture methods, and they didn't think Luo Zheng could withstand it.
Lady Xuan shook her head and smiled. "I'm afraid that I've already violated a taboo by kidnapping Luo Zhengqiang to Mount Taihao. I'll have to hand him over to you for torture. Make him neither human nor ghost. They won't let this matter rest."
Just as Luo Zheng guessed, Taihao Mountain doesn't dare to do anything to him.
Xu Shou waved his hand, "It's best to be careful during this time. Let's skip the torture and ask the illusionist to do it."
For Taihao Mountain to be able to emerge as a new force to be reckoned with, it is indeed full of capable people.
The illusionist is an expert under Xu Shou's command. His Nirvana token has a very heaven-defying ability. Not only can it spy on the other party's soul, it can also confuse and control the other party. The illusionist is much stronger than the immortal ghost.
"But isn't the illusionist …" Lady Xuan was shocked.
"Tell him to come back," Xu Shou's eyes flashed, "We don't have much time. This is a rare opportunity."
At this moment, a muffled sound suddenly came from outside Taihao Mountain.
Boom!
This sound was like thunder on a clear day.
Hearing this, Xu Shou and Lady Xuan's expressions changed slightly.
A black-armoured guard rushed in from outside Haoran Sword Hall and knelt in front of Xu Shou, "Lord Shou Huang! Two Heavenly Jiedushi are attacking our Mountain Protecting Formation! "
"It should be Qiu Yin River and He Chi. Are they crazy?" Lady Xuan frowned.
A black figure in the shadows sneered, "Have we been too low-key recently or have they been too impudent? Is our Taihao Mountain a place they can casually barge in? "
Xu Shou's expression also turned cold, the light in his eyes sharpening, "It seems we underestimated the importance they attach to Luo Zheng. Xuan 'er, go ask the illusionist. I'll stall them!"
"Yes!" Lady Xuan nodded. Her figure blurred and disappeared from the hall in the blink of an eye.
Xu Shou then said to the black-armoured guard, "Remove the Mountain Protecting Formation and summon the two Heavenly Jiedushi to my Haoran Sword Hall!"
Outside Taihao Mountain.
Layers of multicolored light blossomed in the sky.
If one took a closer look, they would discover that this multicolored light was formed by tens of thousands of longswords. This was the Taihao Mountain's Rainbow-Defying Sword Formation of a Thousand Suns.
Although this formation was powerful, the two people in the sky were not weak either!
Qiu Yinhe's long arms spread out and formed a giant seal behind him!
This seal was the Imperial Sword Seal's general seal!
Over a hundred longswords floated behind Qiu Yinhe. When Qiu Yinhe activated the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent, the Imperial Sword Seal's general seal released a huge sword light. Each sword light was full and powerful.
"Boom boom boom boom …"
The Reverse Rain of a Thousand Sunglow Sword Formation was constantly shaking under the onslaught of these sword lights.
On the other side, He Chi's momentum was much smaller. He was dressed in a green robe and held a long sword in one hand. His eyes were like torches.
Every time a flaw appeared in the Backwind Thousand Sunset Sword Formation, He Chi would strike with his sword.
It was just an ordinary sword strike, but it could often cause the sword formation to suffer tremendous pressure!
Although Qiu Yinhe and He Chi were part of the Heavenly Jiedu and could be considered protectors of a region, it was very unwise to directly attack Taihao Mountain's protective formation.
However, Luo Zheng was too important.
If Luo Zheng hadn't deciphered the True Comprehension Chapter, Qiu Yinhe wouldn't have been so impulsive. However, the True Comprehension Chapter now rested on Luo Zheng's shoulders. How could Qiu Yinhe not be anxious?
Just now, the two of them were outside Taihao Mountain and wanted to see the Longevity Emperor.
The guards of Taihao Mountain responded in unison. Taihao Mountain had been sealed off, and outsiders were not allowed to enter for the time being.
Qiu Yinhe was enraged and had come up with this plan. He wanted to attack Mount Taihao!
"Boom!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Backwind Thousand Sunset Sword Formation was shaking more and more violently. It wouldn't be long before it was destroyed.
A black-armored guard hurriedly flew over and shouted, "Lord Heavenly Jiedu, don't fight, don't fight! The Longevity Emperor summons you! "
Then, the light gradually dimmed, and the formation was removed.
Qiu Yinhe snorted and put away the Imperial Sword Seal, but his expression didn't improve.
He Chi also put away his longsword and said with a smile, "Xu Shou will fly into a rage if we attack Taihao Mountain like this. It won't be easy to deal with him."
Qiu Yinhe's eyes flashed, "Hand over Luo Zheng, and everything will be fine. Otherwise, we won't be kind to Taihao Mountain today!"
He Chi shook his head. He also knew that the people from the Heart Sword Sect were all like this. They only acted according to their own thoughts, but they were still too impulsive. Two Heavenly Jiedu wasn't enough to contend with Taihao Mountain.
The two flew towards the top of Taihao Mountain and quickly entered the Haoran Sword Palace.
Qiu Yinhe suppressed his temper and cupped his hands together with He Chi, "Greetings, Lord Longevity Emperor!"
Heavenly Jiedu's status wasn't as high as the Mountain Lord's, but Heavenly Jiedu was bestowed by the Eastern Emperor and could be considered a king. Naturally, he didn't need to kowtow like the others.
Xu Shou sat on the golden dragon throne with an ashen face. He slapped his hand on the armrest of the throne, "Greetings? Is this how the two Heavenly Jiedu greet me? "
Seeing Xu Shou's attitude, He Chi's expression was serious. He found it funny. This person's acting skills were quite profound.
Qiu Yinhe didn't buy it and said loudly, "To be honest, I didn't come to Taihao Mountain to greet Lord Longevity Emperor. A disciple of my Heart Sword Sect called Luo Zheng was brought to Taihao Mountain by Huang Long. This person is related to the fate of Taiyi Heaven Palace. I was blocked by the mountain protection formation and could only choose to break it in desperation. If I offended you in any way, please forgive me!"
Anyone with a discerning eye could see that Xu Shou was stalling for time. How could Qiu Yinhe give him this chance?
"Forgive?" Xu Shou sneered, "When did my Taihao Mountain become so forgiving?"
Qiu Yinhe's expression didn't change as he continued, "Whether Lord Longevity forgives me or not, please hand over Luo Zheng today. In the future, I will personally apologize to Lord Longevity!"
His words were directed at Luo Zheng. Xu Shou didn't know what to do. He knew that this Heavenly Jiedu was a carefree person, but he didn't expect him to be so unreliable!
Xu Shou could only say with a sullen face, "There is no such person as Luo Zheng in my Taihao Mountain. I'm afraid you've come to the wrong place!"
"I'm not wrong. If I search the mountain, I can find Luo Zheng in a moment!" Qiu Yinhe said.
"Ah, search the mountain …" Xu Shou's anger became more and more intense. He was really angry. A terrifying aura flowed out and wreaked havoc in the Haoran Sword Palace. He said in a gloomy tone, "My Taihao Mountain and the Heavenly Palace are the same age. I, Xu Shou, have been in the Center God Province longer than the East King! For countless years, no one has dared to search my Taihao Mountain! "
A powerful aura pressed down like a mountain, almost suffocating. Even He Chi's expression changed several times.

Chapter 2866
Someone came.
In the depths of the dark palace, the cover above was opened once again. Faint light penetrated down from above.
"Come up!"
An unfamiliar voice came from the entrance of the cave.
Below, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged, turning a deaf ear to the voice.
"Hu!"
An unseen force pulled on Luo Zheng's body, directly dragging Luo Zheng up from the bottom of the cave. With a 'dong', he fell into the palace.
Luo Zheng climbed up from the ground. He looked at the nearby Empress Xuan and chuckled, "We meet again?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's fearless appearance, Empress Xuan felt exceptionally vexed in her heart.
Qiu Yin He and He Chi had reached the Great Hao Mountain so quickly. Time was tight.
The Illusionist was originally undergoing an important cultivation in the Paramita Realm. She had forcefully awakened the Illusionist, forcing him to leave the Paramita Realm.
"Illusionist, it's your turn to act. It's fine as long as you don't kill or cripple this brat." Empress Xuan said.
A tall and sturdy man walked out from behind Empress Xuan.
This person wore a white robe. That robe had many human eyes embroidered on it. These human eyes were so lifelike that they seemed to be embedded on the robe.
"Rest assured, Empress Xuan. He is merely a little imp from the Perverted Realm." The Illusionist chuckled.
Empress Xuan originally wanted to remind the other party of what happened to the Immortal Ghost. But thinking of the Illusionist's cultivation and strength, she felt that she was looking down on him.
When Luo Zheng saw the Illusionist, he revealed a look of vigilance.
The Immortal Ghost was an outstanding existence amongst the Chaotic Origin Realm. In the eyes of Luo Zheng, it was extremely powerful. But this Illusionist in front of him was someone that Luo Zheng could not see through. This Illusionist's cultivation should have reached the level of Qiu Yin He!
That Illusionist gave Luo Zheng a friendly look. As he walked, he said, "When living beings descend into the world, from the moment they have their memories, everything is merely an illusion. Relax a little and everything will become simple …"
As he said that, six to seven human eyes opened on his white robe. These eyes were actually real!
At the moment when Luo Zheng saw those eyes, he felt his mind falling into a trance.
'Not good! Don't look them in the eye! "
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and he quickly closed his eyes.
After he closed his eyes, everything else disappeared. However, those eyes were still there, and they were getting closer and closer!
"It's useless, Luo Zheng. This is the Eye of Illusion. You can't escape by closing your eyes," 9527 reminded him.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng asked anxiously.
Luo Zheng's ability to control souls was indeed limited …
"If you could master the Heart Sword Scripture, you might be able to resist it. But now you are in trouble. Try your True Sight …" 9527 said.
9527 had some means to deal with characters like the Immortal Ghost. However, a strong master like the Illusionist was not someone 9527 could deal with with with just a wisp of his soul. He could only give some suggestions.
"I can depict the happiest of illusions, but I can also make up for the most real of frailty. The new Gate of the World will definitely interest you …" The Illusionist still spoke in a gentle tone, as if Luo Zheng was his friend.
Luo Zheng felt everything around him turning blurry.
It was as if he had returned to the Deity Realm and built a new rich clan at the center of the Sea of Time.
He no longer chased after the strongest power. He no longer had to go through hardships …
The edge of Empress Xuan's lips curled up, "You are indeed an Illusionist. It is so easy for you to capture such a stubborn brat!"
The Illusionist calmly turned his head and smiled. He made a shushing gesture to Empress Xuan, "Empress Xuan, there is no need for you to speak. It will be done soon."
At this moment, he suddenly opened his eyes. The Devil Eye of Fear in his inner world was activated. A white light flashed in his right eye.
All his illusions were shattered. His originally dazed mind was roused, and his eyes regained their clarity.
"So dangerous. I nearly fell into it!" Luo Zheng felt cold sweat dripping down his back.
The expressions of Empress Xuan and the Illusionist froze.
Especially the Illusionist. He stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment. His face was filled with disbelief.
With his ability, he could create an Illusory World. Much less a brat from the Color Realm, even those Chaotic Origin Realm experts who entered the Desire Realm could not break it!
"Illusionist, what is going on?" Empress Xuan asked.
She did not know how long Longevity Emperor could delay for. But now that time was tight, they could not afford to make any mistakes.
"A minor accident." The Illusionist examined Luo Zheng and said, "He should have a Paramita Talisman that could break through the illusory realm …"
This Paramita Talisman was extremely rare. It was indeed surprising for the Illusionist that Luo Zheng had it.
"Then what should we do?" Empress Xuan frowned.
"It is fine." The Illusionist was clearly confident. Following that, he lightly fluttered his white robe.
The human eyes on that white robe opened one after another …
...
...
Within the Hao Ran Sword Palace Hall.
A powerful aura was so substantial.
Xu Shou remained seated on the golden dragon throne. He was like a True Dragon that was accumulating power. The moment he erupted, he would choose his opponents to devour.
From the shadows on both sides of him, bits of black fog were being emitted. Those were the two commanders of the Dark Department. Strands of killing intent were also flowing along the black fog.
"Qiu Yin He, have you forgotten your own worth after all these years of smooth sailing?" Xu Shou was so angry that he laughed, "I do wish to see if you can walk out of my Hao Ran Sword Palace Hall safely today. What can you use to make an exception!"
Chi Yi could feel the killing intent coming from the black fog. His eyes revealed a hint of fear. He was even more vigilant in his heart.
If the Great Hao Mountain were to act, he and Qiu Yin He would most likely suffer a huge loss.
At this moment, another person walked in from outside the Hao Ran Sword Palace Hall.
This person had a pair of starry eyes. He was none other than Lin Zhanting from the Great Celestial Mountain.
Seeing Lin Zhanting appear, Xu Shou sneered, "Why? Is the Great Celestial Mountain planning to get involved too? "
Lin Zhanting cupped his hands towards Xu Shou. He then said, "He Chi is my close friend. How can I ignore this matter after hearing about it?"
"Not enough. The three of you want to cause a ruckus in my Great Hao Mountain? It's far from enough," Xu Shou still shook his head and said.
Although Lin Zhanting was not Tian Jiedu, his strength was on par with Qiu Yin He and the others. Even if they worked together, they were far from being able to contend against a Longevity Sovereign. Moreover, there were countless experts in the Great Hao Mountain. The two commanders of the Dark Department were not weak either.
"I wonder if it's enough to add this old woman?"
At this moment, an old voice sounded.
An old woman with a crooked waist walked in from the entrance of Haoran Sword Palace with a thin walking stick.
"Grandma, slow down," Ling Shuang supported the old woman. Both of their steps were extremely slow.
When Xu Shou saw this stooped old woman, the corner of his eyes suddenly twitched.

Chapter 2867
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The Reinforcements
Qiu Yinhe and He Chi were also surprised to see this old woman. At the same time, they showed a hint of joy.
After Guchen told Qiu Yinhe that Luo Zheng had been kidnapped by Taihao Mountain, Qiu Yinhe immediately invited He Chi to Taihao Mountain.
Before leaving, He Chi also told Lin Zhanting about it.
They didn't expect that not only Lin Zhanting, but even Taiyi Mountain's lord had come!
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was led by the East Sovereign, but Taiyi Mountain's lord, Elder Ying, followed closely behind. She had a pivotal position in the entire Heavenly Palace.
It could be said that the Heavenly Palace's development was at least partly due to Elder Ying.
"I didn't expect that even Elder Ying would come for a Heart Flow Sword Sect disciple. I, Xu Shou, am really flattered." Xu Shou finally left the golden dragon throne and appeared beside Elder Ying. He reached out to support her.
But Elder Ying snorted and shook Xu Shou's hand away, "I don't need your support!"
Xu Shou cursed in his heart, but he still forced a smile on his face and followed behind Elder Ying.
After a full incense stick's worth of time, Ling Shuang helped Elder Ying onto the golden dragon throne.
Elder Ying lightly poked the gold-plated ground with his slender crutch for a few times, causing pits to appear one after another on the glossy ground. "You two shameful things, get out of here!"
"Pu pu …"
For some reason, the two Dark Tribe leaders who were hiding in the shadows staggered and fell out of the shadows.
After they appeared, they respectfully cupped their hands and bowed to Elder Ying, not daring to show any disrespect.
Most people in the Heavenly Palace had never seen Elder Ying's true face, but they had all heard of her miraculous legends.
Elder Ying's slender walking stick was her sword, called the Soaring Dragon Sword.
Back then, she had created the Taiyi Sword Technique and guarded the Dragon Cliff alone. She had used the Taiyi Luoshen Technique to kill a super powerful ruler a hundred provinces away. Such a legendary technique made people dizzy just by hearing it.
Moreover, Elder Ying's Paramita Talisman was a strengthening type. It didn't rely on any special ability. This was the most terrifying thing!
Even though Elder Ying now looked like an old woman with one foot in the grave, they still revered her.
"Hand over Luo Zheng!"
Elder Ying sat on the golden dragon Throne and ordered.
Xu Shou Yi Luoshen Luoshen Ying Luoshen Ying Luoshen Ying.
He smiled bitterly, "Elder Ying, you, you've just arrived, you've determined that Luo Zheng is our Taihao Mountain. I, Xu Shou, I can't understand?"
"Luoshen Ying," said said said said Shou Shou Is? Is Ying Luoshen Luoshen Ying? Xu Xu Shou didn't speak the, Shou said Shou of course Yu Shou of Yi Luoshen Of Ying of the Yu Xu's Luoshen
Luoshen Luou Of Luoshen Of It 'Luoshen Ying
Luoshen Yu Yue of course Luoshen Luoshen Gou Yu Luoshen Luoshen Yu Yyue Xue Yue.
Qiu Qiu's Yue Yy'Yyyue Yue
Seeing how stubborn Xu Shou was, was he really determined to obtain the True Comprehension Chapter?
Or was there some other scheme?
If this continued, how would it end?
"It doesn't matter whether you obey or not. Zhan Ting, search the mountain!" Elder Ying ordered.
"Yes, Mountain Chieftain." Lin Zhanting nodded.
Xu Shou snorted. "Elder Ying, if you can't find anyone, you want to search my Taihao Mountain? There's no reason for that in the entire Taiyi Heavenly Palace. If this matter spreads, shouldn't the rules of the seven mountains be changed and Taiyi Mountain should be recognized as the sect master mountain?"
The alliance of seven mountains was a rule set by Donghuang.
Other than the Eastern Sovereign Mountain, which had the ability to command the heroes, no one else could command the other six mountains.
Even if Elder Ying's strength was outstanding and could almost be on par with Donghuang, bullying Mount Taihao like this was a violation of the rules. What would the lords of Mount Taijin and Mount Taixiu think if they heard about this?
As soon as these words came out, Elder Ying's wrinkled face showed hesitation.
Ling Shuang pursed her lips and thought to herself, 'This Xu Shou is really cunning. With such a big accusation, it's really hard for me to be a grandmother. But Luo Zheng …' Her little face showed a trace of anxiety.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi and the others were also depressed. Xu Shou was too stubborn.
"Hu …"
In front of the Haoran Sword Hall, two more figures flashed past.
Although they hadn't seen who it was, Xu Shou and the two leaders of the Dark unit were also shocked. They were shouting in their hearts, 'Don't come anymore!'
Since Qiu Yinhe, people had been coming to ask for Luo Zheng's release.
Each one was more powerful than the last, and their status was higher than the last. Who would rush in now? If they had known, they would have opened the Mountain Guarding Array!
Xu Shou turned his head and saw the two people. He took a deep breath.
Everyone's eyes were focused on the entrance of the hall. It was Elder Hai who was responsible for distributing flags in Dragon City.
Elder Hai alone was not enough to discourage Xu Shou. Beside Elder Hai, a woman in a purple palace dress stood on the side. This woman was Concubine Yan.
Xu Shou was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. What was the background of this Luo Zheng? Didn't he just catch a disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect?
Taiyi Mountain was not enough, and even Donghuang had to stand up for him?
What kind of world was this!
With a smile, Concubine Yan's figure moved horizontally in the air. Her ribbons fluttered, and she looked like a beautiful fairy in a painting.
As she flew, she said, "This little guy is really troublesome. He just came out of Taiyi Palace and was caught to Taihao Mountain?"
When she entered the Haoran Sword Hall, Qiu Yinhe, Xu Shou, He Chi and the leaders of the Dark unit all greeted her. Ling Shuang also bowed. Even Elder Ying nodded at Concubine Yan and greeted her.
After all, she was Donghuang's favorite concubine and the only person who could see Donghuang now.
Xu Shou knew that Concubine Yan's appearance meant that he could not resist. He wondered if the Illusionist had already made his move. Did he get the whole sequel?
Concubine Yan walked to the head of the Haoran Sword Hall and stood beside Elder Ying. She unfolded a glittering golden order in her hand. "Donghuang's imperial edict, Taihao Mountain quickly release Luo Zheng without delay!"
After receiving Donghuang's edict, Xu Shou knew that he had no capital to delay.
But he thought for a moment and asked with a smile, "Who is this Luo Zheng? The Donghuang actually issued an imperial edict for Concubine Yan to personally make a trip?"
Concubine Yan was natural and graceful. She smiled and said, "Luo Zheng is still looking for my daughter in Taiyi Palace today. This young man is very good and is worthy of my Feng Ge. Maybe he will become my son-in-law in the future. Elder Hai happened to bring the news to Taiyi Palace, so I reluctantly made a trip. Is it strange?"
As soon as she said this, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, Elder Hai and Lin Zhanting all had strange expressions. For a moment, they did not know how to describe their feelings.

Chapter 2868
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Inexplicable Conflict
Who was Elder Ying?
She could sense the slightest fluctuation in Ling Shuang's heart.
After Elder Ying occupied Taiyi Mountain, she became more and more eccentric, but she doted on her granddaughter.
Most of the people on Taiyi Mountain were also afraid of her.
Lin Zhanting did not dare to invite Elder Ying personally. He only tried to tell Ling Shuang the news, but Elder Ying came out just like that.
It was obvious how much Elder Ying cared about Ling Shuang.
Since the first time Luo Zheng met Ling Shuang in the Sea of True Meaning, Ling Shuang often talked about Luo Zheng when she chatted with her grandmother.
When Luo Zheng came to Taiyi Mountain, saved Lin Zhanting's son, and went to the other side, there were even more topics about Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng often talked about Luo Zheng.
Elder Ying asked if Ling Shuang's heart belonged to someone else, but Ling Shuang either denied it coquettishly or ignored her grandmother.
But Elder Ying, who had seen countless people, knew what Ling Shuang was thinking.
She also had the idea of observing Luo Zheng. The only trouble was that Luo Zheng went to the Heart Flow Sword Sect and did not come to Taiyi Mountain.
Elder Ying was not happy when her granddaughter was unhappy. She mocked, "It's not a good thing to marry someone of the Barbarian bloodline. The Human Race is orthodox and pays attention to inheritance. Our Shuang 'er's bloodline is the purest!"
The Great Yi Heavenly Palace was formed by the gathering of the Human Race from all directions, and each mountain had its own bloodline.
Feng Ge's bloodline was different. She was mostly of Jinwu bloodline.
In Taiyi Palace, it was taboo to talk about Feng Ge's bloodline. Even Concubine Yan was careful and did not dare to mention it.
When Elder Ying mocked Feng Ge's bloodline, Concubine Yan became angry. Hearing Elder Ying mention Ling Shuang, Concubine Yan seemed to have understood something after observing Ling Shuang's expression. She sneered: "The Golden Crow Extreme Yang Divine Body is an unparalleled favor. My Feng Ge's talent is a female phoenix. Her future is limitless. How can those chickens compare to her?"
In terms of appearance, Feng Ge and Ling Shuang had their own merits. One was noble and Concubine Yan, one was passionate. But in terms of talent, Feng Ge was more than Ling Shuang.
"Hmph!"
Elder Ying slammed his walking Shuang's, the entire Vast Sword Palace Hall trembled, "Shuang 'Shuang's Is she …"
Speaking to this point, Elder Ying Shuang.
There was a huge secret sealed within Ling Shuang's soul. It was also because of this seal that Ling Shuang's talent was limited. When Ling Shuang's soul transcended the Color Realm and stepped into the Desire Realm and became a Chaotic Origin, that seal would naturally be revealed.
But she could not reveal this secret.
"But what?" Concubine Yan revealed a proud look, "Comprehending Dao with a Single Thought isn't like cabbages. Everyone can do it. Our Heaven Palace has only produced 14 people after so many years. Furthermore, Feng Ge's Dao with a Single Thought isn't limited to just one Sword Fate. His Dao technique should be able to do it too. It's just that she is still young, so I'm restricting her cultivation!"
There might not be a second person in the entire Heaven Palace who could comprehend Dao with a Single Thought twice. It was indeed heaven-defying.
"So what? A woman follows her husband based on her talent? Finally, we can fight and kill … "
"…"
Xu Shou widened his eyes as he watched Concubine Yan and Elder Ying bickering with words. He was bewildered.
This sentence of his was merely to delay for time. Who would have thought that it would have such an effect. It was completely unexpected.
The two leaders of the Dark Department were dumbfounded too. They were at daggers drawn, yet they were arguing over such a trivial matter. They had never seen such a strange thing in their lives.
What was the origin of this Luo Zheng! Causing the Great Yi Mountain and Greater One Mountain to fight over him as their son-in-law?
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others were also speechless.
Qiu Yinhe knew a little about the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang. At that time, the reason why the Great Yi Mountain fought over Luo Zheng was that Ling Shuang had met Luo Zheng first. But Qiu Yinhe said that this reason was untenable. After all, Luo Zheng had already entered his Taoist Sword Palace!
But what about Feng Ge?
On the day of the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng had personally defeated Feng Ge and made her run away in anger.
Why did Concubine Yan choose him?
"Ahem, ahem …" Qiu Yinhe coughed twice. "Should we find Luo Zheng first?"
Ling Shuang, who was standing next to her grandmother, could not bear to listen any longer. After all, she was thin-skinned. She was also depressed that her grandmother had brought up the most important thing in her life to bicker. She shook Elder Ying's arm and said, "Grandmother, stop talking. We don't even know about Luo Zheng's safety!"
Only then did Concubine Yan remember the important matter. She stared at Xu Shou and said, "Taihao Mountain Lord, please hand over Luo Zheng."
Xu Shou had unintentionally delayed a lot of time. He became calmer and said seriously, "I really did not know that Luo Zheng had been brought to the Taihao Mountain. If you really have such doubts, you can search the Taihao Mountain!"
At this point, Xu Shou was still playing dumb. Naturally, Qiu Yinhe would not be polite. He smiled coldly and said, "It is not difficult to find Luo Zheng!"
In order to protect Luo Zheng, Qiu Yinhe had once left Luo Zheng a Hermit Divine Ability when he gave Luo Zheng the Heart Stream Sword Manual.
This Hermit Divine Ability was called the Dorne Sword. When Luo Zheng had been on the verge of death, it had saved his life.
As long as Qiu Yinhe was within a certain range, he would be able to feel the Hermit Divine Ability he had planted.
Qiu Yinhe had wanted to search the mountain from the beginning. With his ability, it would not take long for him to find Luo Zheng.
However, if Xu Shou stopped him, it would not be so easy.
Whoosh!
Qiu Yinhe flew backwards. His entire body turned into a wisp of light and circled around the Taihao Mountain.
He circled around from high to low.
In just a moment, Qiu Yinhe's eyes lit up. He had already sensed the Hermit Divine Ability behind the Taihao Mountain.
"Over there!"
After locking onto Luo Zheng's position, Qiu Yinhe had already shot in that direction.
…
…
In that gloomy palace.
Layers upon layers of illusions had completely enveloped Luo Zheng.
The illusion master's first attack had been broken by Luo Zheng's True Vision.
The illusion master had already used 60% of his strength in his second attack.
Luo Zheng did not even have time to use the Demonic Eye of Fear before he was once again trapped in the illusion.
Under the illusion master's powerful abilities, Luo Zheng was unable to distinguish between reality and illusion.
Seeing that he was firmly under the illusion master's control, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly emitted a sharp pain.
This heart-wrenching pain caused Luo Zheng to tremble. It actually forced Luo Zheng out of the illusion.
"There are other souls in this guy's mind!" the illusion master exclaimed.
The culprit behind this pain was naturally 9527.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was completely trapped in the illusion, 9527 had no better idea. He could only risk exposing himself and fiercely attack Luo Zheng's soul.
Although this attack was not strong, it was very effective. At the very least, it allowed Luo Zheng to regain clarity.
"What's going on?" Lady Xuan was somewhat impatient.

Chapter 2869
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Demand an explanation
The illusionist's expression was also unsettled.
It was too shameful that he couldn't deal with a brat like Luo Zheng even after using so many tricks.
The illusionist had no choice but to pay attention to Luo Zheng.
He wasn't in the mood to check the soul hidden in Luo Zheng's body. He shook his white robe.
A large eyeball with distinct black and white appeared on top of his head. This eyeball was exactly the same as a human's. It was his Paramita Token, the "Eye of Illusion."
"Lady Xuan, please step back," the illusionist said.
Lady Xuan and the other black-robed people all stepped back. They were also very wary of the illusionist's "Eye of Illusion."
This time, the illusionist was going to use all his tricks. He didn't believe that Luo Zheng could still struggle out of the illusion!
"You're on your own this time …" 9527 said. It really had no other choice.
Luo Zheng looked at the illusionary eye and his heart sank. This time, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to escape.
As the Eye of Illusion blinked, circles of patterns appeared in its pupils. Luo Zheng also blinked his eyes.
The Eye of Illusion blinked again, and Luo Zheng followed closely behind!
"What's going on …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't have any room to resist. His eyes became dull and stupefied.
The illusionist let out a long sigh of relief. He couldn't tolerate two consecutive accidents. If he failed again, he might as well kill himself.
"Now follow me and search for the secret of bliss," the illusionist chanted.
Luo Zheng was also like a block of wood. He followed and chanted, "Follow you and search for the secret of bliss …"
"When I command, you obey," the illusionist said again.
"You call it an order, and I obey it …" Luo Zheng replied.
"Present the continuation of the Sword Essence of Eternity," the illusionist ordered. At the same time, he gave Lady Xuan a look.
Lady Xuan's face lit up. She raised her hand and the brush, ink, paper, and inkstone floated towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the ink brush and began to write on the white paper.
Word by word, the True Comprehension Chapter appeared on the surface of the paper!
"It's finally done!"
Mistress Xuan's face was filled with excitement as she looked at the dozen words in front of her.
In order to obtain the True Intent's continuation, he had gone through a lot of trouble. Fortunately, he had not let down those who were willing!
Twenty words …
Fifty words …
Eighty words …
More and more words appeared on the paper.
When Luo Zheng had written over a hundred characters, the Illusion Master and Lady Xuan seemed to have sensed something and their expressions abruptly changed.
Swish swish swish swish!
The brush, ink, paper, and inkstone immediately flew back into Consort Xuan's hands. At the same time, Consort Xuan said to the illusionist, "Take Luo Zheng away!"
The illusion master suddenly waved his arms and was about to guide himself and Luo Zheng to escape. At this time, a loud explosion suddenly came from the ceiling of the palace.
Bang!
The ceiling of the palace sagged downward.
Bang!
Following the second explosion, a large hole finally appeared in the ceiling. Qiu Yinhe had already drilled his way through the hole.
When Qiu Yinhe saw that the illusionist still wanted to take Luo Zheng away, his expression turned cold. He lightly slapped his palm forward.
A sword ray transformed into tens of thousands of waves that surged forward, wanting to intercept the illusionist.
When Lady Xuan saw this, she gently stretched her body.
The space within the palace began to warp and distort. The sword ray waves that Qiu Yinhe released were also cut into several pieces and chaotically surged within the palace.
"Even the Longevity Emperor has given up, yet you still want to struggle? Are you really looking to die?"
Qiu Yinhe was truly enraged.
He suddenly stomped his foot and a ring of sword seals appeared around his body.
Countless profound seals instantly spread throughout the entire palace. The black-robed man, Lady Xuan, the illusionist, and Luo Zheng's bodies were covered in these strange seals.
"Hualala …"
This palace was extremely sturdy. Qiu Yinhe had to crash into it twice before breaking it apart.
But at this moment, the palace suddenly disintegrated and collapsed, turning into a mess of broken pieces. These broken pieces had the same shape as the seals left behind by Qiu Yinhe. The edges seemed to have been cut by a knife and were abnormally smooth.
Within the palace, the only ones that did not disintegrate were Luo Zheng, the illusionist, Lady Xuan, and those black-robed men.
From the looks of it, it was just a thought from Qiu Yinhe if he wanted to turn them into these broken pieces.
No one in the palace dared to move.
Even though the illusionist's cultivation was not much weaker than Qiu Yinhe's, the Illusory Eye could not be used in a direct battle. If he really fought with Qiu Yinhe, the one who would suffer would be the illusionist.
Lady Xuan might be strong, but there was still a gap between her and Qiu Yinhe.
The other black-robed men were merely the backbone of the Dark Department. They were Chaotic Origin Realm experts and could not challenge Qiu Yinhe.
More importantly, Qiu Yinhe had said that Xu Shou had given up. If they continued struggling, they might really die!
"Weng …"
The illusionist withdrew his Illusory Eye.
Luo Zheng also left the Maze Realm. His expression returned to normal.
When he saw Qiu Yinhe standing not far away, he revealed a smile, "Senior Qiu!"
"Are you alright?" Qiu Yinhe asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head with a smile, "I'm fine."
"It is my negligence. Who would have thought that they would dare to come to the Greater One Mountain to capture you." Qiu Yinhe glanced at Lady Xuan and the illusionist, "Don't let me meet that Desolate Dragon. Otherwise, I'll definitely make him suffer."
Xu Shou was an existence that Qiu Yinhe could not afford to offend. But he was still confident of dealing with Desolate Dragon.
"Let's go!" Qiu Yinhe said.
"Where are we going? Senior Qiu? "Luo Zheng asked.
"To the Vast Sky Sword Palace Hall! We cannot let the matter of the Greater Sky Mountain capturing you go just like that. "
Qiu Yinhe coldly said.
Following that, Qiu Yinhe brought Luo Zheng along and flew upwards.
The illusionist calmly tidied up his white robe. Looking at the seal patterns on his body, he felt a lingering fear. Qiu Yinhe's strength had increased over the years, while the illusionist had stagnated. He felt somewhat disappointed.
"I'm also going to the Haoran Sword Palace," Lady Xuan said.
Xu Shou would never allow Qiu Yinhe to come here. Someone must have given Xu Shou great pressure.
Qiu Yinhe brought Luo Zheng to Xu Shou to denounce him. Lady Xuan naturally had to step forward to protect her husband's face.
… …
… …
Qiu Yinhe brought Luo Zheng into the Haoran Sword Palace. He asked with a hint of mockery, "Emperor Shou vowed that Luo Zheng was not at the Greater Sky Mountain. Is the one standing beside me a fake?"
He was very polite to the master of the Greater Sky Mountain in such a tone.
Xu Shou knew that he was in the wrong, but he did not get angry. Instead, he said with a look of surprise, "Eh? I really don't know about this. Why is this little friend in my Greater Sky Mountain? "
Sitting on the golden dragon throne, Elder Ying said in a strange tone, "Some people are really good at pretending to be stupid. Do you think you can cover up all your mistakes by saying you don't know?"
Concubine Yan also said, "Emperor Shou, I'm afraid you need to explain this matter clearly."
Very few people in high positions would have a direct conflict like today.
Once it happened, they would not let it go easily.

Chapter 2870
Chaotic Origin Great World
Xu Shou was ultimately not an ordinary person. He remained calm and composed.
He did not say a word and looked towards the entrance of Hao Ran Sword Hall.
That red figure of Consort Xuan rushed into Sword Hall and knelt in front of Xu Shou.
"What happened, Xuan 'Er?" Xu Shou pretended not to know.
"This concubine deserves death. I shouldn't have brought that Luo Zheng to Great Hao Mountain just because of my son's death. I have actually brought such trouble to my husband …"
Consort Xuan's beautiful face seemed to have been hit by a rainstorm as she shed tears of regret.
"My son's death? What happened to him? "Xu Shou asked in shock.
Consort Xuan wiped her tears and accused Luo Zheng of killing her son. She described Xu Youwei's death in such a miserable manner.
Elder Ying and Concubine Yan remained expressionless.
Everyone present knew that Consort Xuan and Xu Shou were putting on an act. But on the surface, there were no loopholes in their act.
Regardless of the reason, Luo Zheng had indeed killed Xu Youwei.
Even though Xu Youwei was not much of a loss to Xu Shou.
But Ling Shuang could not bear to listen any longer. She interrupted Consort Xuan and said: "Xu Youwei only has himself to blame for ending up like this. That time in the other shore, Luo Zheng had no enmity with him. Yet, he wanted to kill Luo Zheng! This time, Luo Zheng must have acted because he had no other choice! "
Luo Zheng also knew what Consort Xuan was trying to do. But with her pouring a basin of dirty water on him, if he did not refute, others would think that he was in the wrong.
"This time, Xu Youwei followed me to Bright Lake. He also wanted to kill me. For that, he did not hesitate to lure me onto the stage. Could it be that Consort Xuan's principles only allow your son to kill others and not allow others to kill you?" Luo Zheng retorted.
Consort Xuan's eyes revealed a trace of craftiness. Her goal was to absolve Great Hao Mountain. Luo Zheng's refutation was exactly what she wanted, "No matter what my son did wrong, he is still my son. As a mother, could it be that I don't care about my son's death and do nothing? I brought you to Taihao Mountain because I had no other choice. How could I have imagined that so many people would denounce me?! "
Luo Zheng cursed in his heart. It would be strange if you cared about your son's life or death. You're clearly doing this for the True Comprehension Chapter!
With that said, the logic was clear.
As a mother, she had just brought Luo Zheng to Mount Taihao out of anger. The favor and reason behind this were all justifiable.
Whether it was Qiu Yinhe, Concubine Yan, or Elder Ying, it was difficult for them to make a fuss about it.
"An eye for an eye. Since Xu Youwei wanted to kill Luo Zheng, he deserved to be killed by Luo Zheng instead. It's normal for Concubine Xuan to make trouble for Luo Zheng for her son. Since Luo Zheng is fine, let's forget about today's matter," said Concubine Yan.
Her appearance now was the final word.
These people were all extremely intelligent people. She knew that she wouldn't be able to get an explanation for Luo Zheng.
If Concubine Xuan continued to act pitiful, there was a chance that she would make a false accusation. It was better to end things here.
Xu Shou clasped his hands behind his back and let out a long sigh. "It's because I didn't teach my son well that he caused such a disaster. Today, I actually had to ask Concubine Yan and Elder Ying to come out. I've troubled everyone."
Elder Ying stretched out his hand on the golden dragon throne. Ling Shuang hurriedly helped him up and walked all the way to Luo Zheng's side.
Elder Ying had heard Ling Shuang mention Luo Zheng as early as in the Realm of the Gods, but this was the first time he had seen Luo Zheng.
His dim eyes looked up and down at Luo Zheng. His wrinkled face smoothed out, and he said, "When I first heard of you, you had just entered the Sea of True Meaning. Your cultivation speed is pretty good. Your Sun Soul is about to reach Indigo Soul, right?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Elder Ying. "It's still lacking a lot of maturity."
If the Sun Soul continued to cultivate, the soul would gradually turn from brown to indigo. The common name of the Human Race was Sun Soul Entering Indigo, which was Indigo Soul.
After the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng once again went to the temple to receive a large number of soul crystals. His Sun Soul also faintly emitted a purple light.
Recently, Luo Zheng rarely went to the Nirvana Realm, nor did he step into the Upper Heaven. He still didn't know where his limit was, but there was still some distance to the true Sun Soul Entering Indigo.
"I've prepared a soul crystal for Shuang 'er to help her step into the Desire Realm. It seems that I'll have to prepare another one for you," Elder Ying said again.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He didn't know what Elder Ying meant.
However, if one soul crystal could help Ling Shuang step into the Desire Realm, the number of soul crystals was probably not small. He couldn't accept such a big gift.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said: "Luo Zheng appreciates Elder Ying's good intentions. But this junior isn't in a hurry to cultivate."
Elder Ying shook his head and chuckled: "The Chaotic Origin Great World is about to reopen. You shouldn't miss such an opportunity. I'll send you and Shuang 'er over with these two tickets. That way, I'll be at ease. You can't reject it."
Ling Shuang added from the side: "Luo Zheng, the Chaotic Origin Great World will reopen once every ten years. It's fine if you miss it. But you have to wait for another ten years. Don't reject Grandma's good intentions!"
Luo Zheng roughly knew that he had to break through to the Chaotic Origin Realm after entering the Desire Realm.
That was a complete strengthening of his fleshy body. Only through this strengthening would he be able to withstand a stronger Paramita Energy.
But he knew nothing about how to do it.
If it was like what Ling Shuang said, that the Chaotic Origin Great World would only reopen once every ten years, he shouldn't miss such an opportunity.
At this moment, Concubine Yan flew over. She lightly landed on the other side of Luo Zheng. At the same time, she chuckled: "What a coincidence. My family's Feng Ge is also planning to head to the Chaotic Origin Great World. I still have quite a few tickets with me. If Luo Zheng wants them, I can give you eight or ten tickets … Also, my family's Feng Ge doesn't need you to take care of her. She might become your assistant."
Eight or ten tickets …
When Qiu Yinhe and the others heard the tone of Concubine Yan, they were dumbfounded.
The tickets mentioned by Concubine Yan and Elder Ying were not ordinary items.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was a supplement to the Great World Cultivation Technique.
Initially, when the sentient beings of the Mother World entered the Paramita Realm, they would gradually unearth many powerful Paramita Talismans. Every sentient being could control an explosive amount of energy.
But when their energy reached a limit, which was around 1,000 Divine Jun, they would discover the limit of their fleshy body.
Other than a few powerful alien races that could barely surpass this limit, the vast majority of sentient beings from other races were trapped at this limit.
Until the Middle Ancient Era, there were no sentient beings who could break through this limit.
Some experts had stepped into the higher dimension of the Paramita Realm and fused with the Paramita Talisman, allowing them to wield a Paramita Energy of thousands or even tens of thousands of Divine Jun. But the moment they fought, the Paramita Energy they could use was still limited to 1,000 Divine Jun.
Hence, the Paramita Talisman of the Descent Type was the first choice. Because the Paramita Talisman of the Descent Type did not require the fleshy body to bear the energy. The Paramita Energy it could unleash was far beyond the limit of the user's body.
But the Strengthening Type, Auxiliary Type, and Mysterious Type Paramita Talismans were extremely outstanding. It was impossible to ignore these Paramita Talismans.

Chapter 2871
Origin of Chaotic Origin
This technique Nuwa discovered was none other than the Chaotic Origin Recreation.
After the Rage God Body Refining Technique failed, the Body Refining Technique gradually declined in the Mother World.
Some of the barbarians were fond of cultivating their bodies. However, the power they could unleash was ultimately prioritized and could not compete with the power of the Nirvana Realm.
Whether it was Nuwa or the other superpowers in the Mother World, all of them had been vexed over how to strengthen their bodies for a long time.
At that time, Nuwa had already stepped into the 22nd Heaven. She discovered a strange Paramita Talisman. This Paramita Talisman was known as the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was an auxiliary Paramita Talisman.
After summoning it, it could fuse with one's physical body and greatly enhance one's physical strength.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was an ordinary Nirvana Token within the 22 Levels of Heaven. It did not provide a significant boost to the fleshy body. The Nirvana Energy it contained was also ordinary. Hence, these Nirvana Tokens were not valued by the 22 Levels of Heaven.
But coincidentally, Nuwa discovered a unique characteristic of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
This Spirit of Paramita was actually a living creature!
Although living creatures in the Nirvana Realm were rare, they were nothing to Nuwa.
But the nature of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was different. Even though it was an auxiliary Nirvana Token, it had the characteristics of a Descent Nirvana Token!
After discovering this characteristic, Nuwa made her first attempt.
She got Fuxi to grab a Chaotic Origin Spirit from the Paramita. After that, the two of them summoned their Chaotic Origin Spirits out at the same time.
Descending Paramita Talismans could appear in the Mother World for a long period of time. These two Chaotic Origin Spirits were able to recognize each other as the same species. They could communicate with each other using an unseen language. They could depend on each other and even reproduce!
After reaching the stage of reproduction, Nuwa discovered an incredible phenomenon.
The Chaotic Origin Spirits that were produced did not return to the Paramita. Instead, they remained in the Mother World.
What was even more interesting was that these Chaotic Origin Spirits were ownerless!
Neither Fuxi nor Nuwa could determine what exactly the Chaotic Origin Spirit was. Was it a lifeform from the Mother World? Or the token in the Nirvana Realm? Both of them were, but none of them were …
A single Chaotic Origin Spirit could strengthen a portion of his fleshy body. What if there were many Chaotic Origin Spirits?
When Nuwa thought of this, she was also very excited.
Through the initial two Chaotic Origin Spirits, the Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered in Nüwa's hands continued to multiply, increasing the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered in the hands of Nüwa.
When the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits exceeded a hundred, Nuwa allowed Fuxi to absorb them all.
These reproduced Chaotic Origin Spirits were all absorbed into Fuxi's body, directly raising the fleshy body of Fuxi by a level. Hence, Fuxi was considered the first person to undergo Chaotic Origin Reconstruction.
The news of Li Shan nurturing a Chaotic Origin Spirit spread like wildfire.
In the past, the Chaotic Origin Spirit was an ordinary Paramita Token. Yet now, it had suddenly become extremely popular in the Paramita Realm.
Various superpowers had begun fighting over the Chaotic Origin Spirits. For a period of time, the Chaotic Origin Spirits within the 22 levels of Heaven were nearly extinct.
Similar to what happened to Nuwa, the experts from other super organizations had also nurtured the descendants of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. These strange lifeforms had become a way for them to strengthen themselves.
The main road!
The appearance of the Chaotic Origin Spirit signified that those strengthening-type and other heaven-defying mysterious Nirvana Talismans had become more practical. At least, they could surpass the limits of strengthening the fleshy body.
But the superpowers did not rejoice for too long before they discovered that this road was no longer feasible.
In the past, Nvywa's reproduction of the Chaotic Origin Spirits was extremely smooth. In just a short year, she managed to nurture several thousand Chaotic Origin Spirits. When the super powers started nurturing the Chaotic Origin Spirits, they discovered that the reproduction rate of the Chaotic Origin Spirits had greatly decreased.
Some superpowers had spent several years nurturing them and only managed to nurture a hundred Chaotic Origin Spirits. There were even some who did not manage to nurture any more Chaotic Origin Spirits.
After that, those superpowers investigated the reason in the Deity Temple and finally came to a conclusion.
There was a limit to the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits. Their limit was 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Once the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits reached 200,000, they could no longer nurture another one.
Only when one of them was refined would it be possible for the next one to be born!
As Nuwa was the first to discover the Spirits of Chaotic Origin, she had already nurtured more than 100,000 Spirits of Chaotic Origin by the time the other superpowers started taking action. As for the other superpowers, most of them had only nurtured a few hundred Spirits of Chaotic Origin. They were truly pitiful.
Furthermore, after the living beings from those superpowers refined the Chaotic Origin Spirits, there was a high probability that new Chaotic Origin Spirits would be born in Li Mountain. After all, Li Mountain had the largest number of Chaotic Origin Spirits …
After a period of time, the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits in Li Mountain had reached 150,000. The number of Chaotic Origin Spirits from other races was even lesser.
Many superpowers were envious. They worked together to force Li Mountain to hand over the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Under the immense pressure, Nuwa chose to compromise. She was forced to construct the Chaotic Origin Great World. She worked together with all the superpowers in the Mother World and placed all the Chaotic Origin Spirits into the Chaotic Origin Great World!
According to their deduction, the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits would reach 200,000 in about ten years. By then, all the races could come and harvest them. As for how much they could harvest and how much they could reconstruct their Chaotic Origin, it would depend on their own fortune.
But the Chaotic Origin Great World was not a place that anyone could casually enter. The entrance tickets there were scarce even in the Mother World.
A single entrance ticket represented a Chaotic Origin Expert. Many geniuses in the Seven Mountains of the Great Yi Heaven Palace were eyeing these entrance tickets. It was simply too exaggerated for Concubine Yan to give out eight to ten entrance tickets.
Old Ying stabbed his thin walking stick into the ground. He snorted: "What's the point of having so many entrance tickets?"
Concubine Yan did not argue with Old Ying. Instead, she chuckled at Luo Zheng: "The Heart Flow Sword Sect is very close to our Tai Shi Palace. I've already given you the command token. You must come and visit often."
Saying that, Concubine Yan drifted away …
Old Ying spat at the back of Concubine Yan. He then slowly walked towards the entrance of the Hao Ran Sword Hall.
Ling Shuang played with Old Ying. She looked at Luo Zheng. She had been holding back for a long time before asking, "Luo Zheng, why did you visit the Tai Shi Palace?"
Concubine Yan's attitude was too abnormal. Ling Shuang was guessing what had happened between Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
"Previously during the Seven Mountains Little Meeting, I've offended Feng Ge." Luo Zheng said.
Ling Shuang nodded, "Mn. At that time, I even reminded you that Feng Ge was quite angry at that time. You must be on guard against her revenge."
Luo Zheng shrugged and said: "She did take revenge. She kidnapped my people into the Tai Shi Palace. I went to the Tai Shi Palace and fought with her."
Autumn Yin River, He Chi. Lin Zhanting and Old Hai were following behind Old Ying. These few famous experts had a gossipy heart. When they heard Luo Zheng's words, they felt strange.
Why would Concubine Yan fancy him after a fight? Was there such a good thing in the world?

Chapter 2872
Backing Mountain
When Elder Ying and Concubine Yan were fighting, Luo Zheng was not in the Hao Ran Sword Hall.
Hence, Elder Ying's attitude towards Concubine Yan left Luo Zheng baffled. He only thought that the two of them had some grudges.
As for the entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng did not realize its value. Giving away eight or ten tickets did not sound amazing. Hence, why did Elder Ying and Concubine Yan fight so fervently? Luo Zheng was still in a state of confusion.
"What attitude?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang revealed a playful expression, "She wants to recruit you as her son-in-law!"
"Ah?"
Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide.
He and Concubine Yan had only met once before. Even though Concubine Yan was more enthusiastic, what was up with calling him a son-in-law?
"Are you moved?" Ling Shuang deliberately asked.
No matter how stupid Luo Zheng was, he understood the meaning of Ling Shuang's words. He helplessly smiled: "That Feng Ge and I are not familiar with each other. If Concubine Yan said that, she might just be joking."
Was it really just a joke?
Ling Shuang's big eyes stared at Luo Zheng. Disbelief was written all over her face.
She was ultimately still a young girl. Her skin was thin. If she continued asking, others would only think that she was jealous. At this moment, she fell silent.
Everyone left the Hao Ran Sword Hall. Qiu Yinhe unfolded a huge sword. Everyone stepped on it and flew out of the Great Sky Mountain.
Within the Hao Ran Sword Hall.
Xu Shou returned to his golden dragon throne.
Concubine Xuan clapped her hands, causing a fine green light screen to spread out in the entire hall.
After doing all this, Xu Shou's humble and courteous appearance suddenly changed. His eyes that were brimming with sharpness turned ferocious, just like an enraged wild beast.
"How many words did you force out!" Xu Shou almost roared.
Concubine Xuan and the two Dark Tribe leaders revealed a look of fear. Today, being bullied by the Great Yi Mountain and Greater One Mountain was indeed a great humiliation to Xu Shou.
"More than a hundred words …" Concubine Xuan pursed her lips.
"Ka!"
"Ah …"
An invisible hand grabbed Consort Xuan's neck. Consort Xuan was lifted in front of Xu Shou. She struggled like a little lamb, but she couldn't make a single sound.
"After working so hard, I only managed to obtain a little over a hundred words. I was almost embarrassed today," Xu Shou said angrily.
"Sovereign Shou, please calm down!"
"Sovereign Shou, you can't blame Lady Xuan for what happened today!"
The two leaders of the Dark Group pleaded.
"Plop!"
Xu Shou threw Lady Xuan to the side, the anger in his eyes still not extinguished. "The most troublesome thing is … if we interrogate him about the continuation of the Eternal Sword Intent, that brat will definitely tell Qiu Yinhe!"
"So what if I tell you? Our Taihao Mountain is now upright and upright. We don't have any weaknesses. What can they do to us? "Lady Xuan said with an aggrieved expression as she lay on the ground.
Xu Shou glared at Lady Xuan and said, "You underestimate them too much. As long as there are any clues, they'll be able to find some clues!"
"Sovereign Shou worries too much. According to the current situation of the Heavenly Palace, it doesn't matter if they find something. At most, we'll be able to sit back and relax in two or three years. Besides … there's more than one sect on our side!" One of the leaders of the Dark Group said.
Xu Shou shook his head and finally let out a long breath. The murderous light in his eyes gradually grew stronger. "I hope so!"
… …
… …
On the giant sword.
Luo Zheng recounted what happened at Taihao Mountain.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others also had uncertain expressions.
"They actually care so much about the True Comprehension Chapter. No matter how you look at it, it's a little abnormal," Old Hai said from the side of the giant sword.
"When Luo Zheng decodes the complete True Comprehension Chapter, it will spread throughout the Heavenly Palace sooner or later. Will Taihao Mountain miss out on a copy?" He Chi asked.
"I was also curious about this at the time." Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
Everyone must have a motive for doing something, and Taihao Mountain was no exception.
"Unless they can't wait until then," Qiu Yinhe analyzed carefully.
"Why can't they wait until then? Taihao Mountain has been here for so long, it can't be that they moved away?" Lin Zhanting said in surprise.
When he said this, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Old Ying snorted coldly. "It seems that some people seem to be harboring disloyalty!"
Unless Taihao Mountain wanted to break away from Taiyi Heavenly Palace, it was impossible for them to be so anxious to get the True Comprehension Chapter.
One-sided speculation naturally couldn't confirm Taihao Mountain's motive, but this matter was worth paying attention to. At least it could be prevented before it happened.
"I will report this matter to the Eastern Sovereign," Old Hai said.
Qiu Yinhe controlled the giant sword to fly all the way and soon arrived at Taiyi Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng left the giant sword, Elder Ying warned him again. She wasn't joking when she said that she had prepared a Soul Crystal for Luo Zheng. She asked Luo Zheng to prepare for it and go to the other side to collect it.
Old Ying was considered the number two figure in the Heavenly Palace. If Luo Zheng were to refuse, it would be too disrespectful. Hence, he could only nod obediently.
Furthermore, the Chaotic Origin Great World was about to open. Luo Zheng would definitely not miss this opportunity.
…
…
Heaven Domain Prefecture.
The black ship floated silently in the middle of it.
Shen Tu sat on the ship's railing. Her slender legs were swinging in the air.
A gentle mountain range appeared in her field of vision, and there were many buildings scattered all over the mountain range.
These buildings were of different sizes. The largest building was thousands of meters tall, and the smallest building was as small as a palm. The disparity was huge. Naturally, it was meant for living beings of different clans to live in.
Most of the clans in the Mother World occupied their own territory. It was rare for them to live together like this.
"We have arrived at the Black Mountain Sect …"
Shen Tu pressed one hand on the ship's railing and gently pulled with her other hand.
"Sou!"
A person was directly pulled out from the black ship. He was heavily smashed onto the ship's railing, emitting a muffled "peng" sound.
Evil Deities crawled up from the deck with an unhappy expression, "Your father was still cultivating when you forcefully dragged me over!"
"There is a place more suitable for you to cultivate here." Shen Tu pointed downwards.
Evil Deities extended her head to look downwards. That mountain range was emitting a dense Evil Energy. Clearly, it was not a good place.
"That is the Black Mountain Sect. It is a huge sect made up of more than 800 clans. The competition within is very cruel. Furthermore, you do not have a backer to help you. Even if it is your own clan – the Human Race – you have to be wary of them." Shen Tu indifferently said.
"Backer?" Evil Deities laughed with disdain, "I don't need a backer. I am my own backer!"
Shen Tu was already used to Evil Deities' arrogance. This person's talent had exceeded her expectations time and time again. But seeing a fellow who had just entered the Nirvana Realm being so arrogant, she still felt slightly displeased.
Shen Tu curled her lips and said, "Well said. Then you can leave!"
"Peng!"

Chapter 2873
Black Mountain Sect
The gravitational force exerted on Evil Deities was extremely powerful, and Evil Deities had no way of resisting.
Falling at such a high speed and crashing into the ground, he probably wouldn't be able to withstand the force.
Seeing that he was only a few dozen meters above the ground, Evil Deities revealed a ruthless expression.
A brilliant burst of energy erupted!
"Boom!"
As if the sun had exploded, a huge crater appeared in the ground, and Evil Deities was lying in it.
"Damn woman …"
Evil Deities raised his head and cursed.
"Dong!"
Just as he cursed, his head was smashed by a heavy object, and he almost fainted.
When Evil Deities came back to his senses, he saw that there was a black token at his feet. He picked up the token and examined it, but aside from a strange pattern, there was no other information on it.
Evil Deities put away the token and cursed Shen Tu a few more times before climbing out of the crater.
Just as he climbed out of the crater, he heard rustling sounds not far away. Two black wolves as tall as a person were lurking not far away.
The eyes of these two black wolves were glowing, and they clearly saw Evil Deities as their prey.
"You want to eat me?"
Evil Deities sneered and walked towards the Black Mountain Sect.
Just as Evil Deities left his back to the two black wolves, the two black wolves suddenly pounced towards Luo Zheng.
"Weng, weng!"
Two balls of light erupted from Evil Deities' back, and the two black wolves were annihilated by the Dao Fusion energy.
"Beasts will always be beasts …"
Evil Deities sneered as he looked at the black wolves' limbs scattered all over the ground.
Just as he turned his head, his brows furrowed.
In front of him was a low mountain stream, and strange creatures appeared around the stream. Some were shaped like leopards, and they were tall and sturdy. Some were as thin as mice, but they contained great power. Most of the creatures were so strange that they were almost indescribable.
"Shen Tu has thrown me into a beast's den …" Evil Deities grinned, the fighting spirit in his heart blazing.
At this moment, the leading creature suddenly spoke in human language, "Hand over the Black Mountain Order in your hands! Human! "
"The Black Mountain Order is not something you can possess. Hand it over and we can leave your corpse intact!"
"Haha …"
For a moment, all kinds of strange sounds could be heard.
Actually, the two Black Wolves' goal in the beginning was not to eat Evil Deities. They had sensed the aura of the Black Mountain Token.
The Black Mountain Sect was a famous sect in this area, and no matter what kind of demon or ghost it was, it could be absorbed into it.
For those demons who had no backing and could not rely on their clans, the Black Mountain Sect was an excellent place to go.
However, the Blackmountain Sect didn't accept just anyone. Just this Blackmountain Medallion alone was very difficult for ordinary foreign races to obtain. Aside from killing and devouring each other, the Blackmountain Sect's goal was to obtain a Blackmountain Medallion.
Facing the aggressive non-humankind beings, the arrogant look on the evil god's face finally faded quite a bit.
Although Shen Tu did not give any hints, the Black Mountain Medallion was definitely a medallion to enter the Black Mountain Sect.
Seeing that the strange foreign races were about to make a move, a rhombus-shaped halo suddenly appeared under Evil Deities' feet.
Over the past few days, Evil Deities had received some guidance, and his use of Dao Fusion energy had improved by another level.
"Weng …"
As the light continued to accumulate, the foreign races also began to charge towards him.
"Tear him to shreds!"
"The Black Mountain Medallion is mine!"
"…"
"Boom!"
In the instant that the foreign races rushed over, the halo in the air exploded layer by layer.
Scorching shockwaves spread out in all directions, as if they could annihilate everything.
Borrowing the force of the shockwaves, Evil Deities shot forward like an arrow.
Some of the foreign races were devoured by the Dao Fusion energy, while the rest chased after Evil Deities!
The foreign races entrenched in the Black Mountain Sect grew up in slaughter and slaughter from the moment they were born. Death was a common occurrence for them. Even if Evil Deities was powerful, he could not intimidate them.
"Squeak squeak …"
Among the many pursuers, an extremely agile gray mouse jumped onto Evil Deities' back.
Evil Deities immediately crushed it, but the gray mouse still tore a piece of flesh from his shoulder …
"Whoosh!"
A foreign beast as burly as an elephant whipped Evil Deities' back with a long whip covered in thorns, immediately tearing his clothes and leaving a bloody mark on his back.
"If I really get surrounded by these monsters, I'm afraid I won't even have a complete corpse. Damn Shen Tu!" Evil Deities cursed in his heart.
On the Black Ship, Evil Deities had indeed broadened his horizons.
Even though Shen Tu was arrogant, she had helped Evil Deities reconstruct his worldview.
She told Evil Deities that it was meaningless to fuse the Dao Fusion energy. She even told him about another method to fuse the Dao Fusion energy. She warned him that many had tried this path and failed.
Evil Deities did not accept this suggestion. He felt that it was only a matter of time before these energies fused together.
But he still chose to listen to Shen Tu's suggestion. After all, this woman had promised him that she would help him unseal the Soul Lodging Land after he stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm!
But to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm, he had to head to the Chaotic Origin Great World …
It was getting closer to the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Before that, he had to raise his cultivation level.
This was the reason why Shen Tu wanted to send Evil Deities into the Black Mountain Sect.
This sect that was a mix of several hundred races was a typical chaotic sect. It was filled with killing and conspiracies. This was both a cultivation ground and a testing ground.
"Xiu!"
After Evil Deities rushed out a few dozen kilometers in a single breath, he tunneled into two mountain streams.
At the moment he stepped into the mountain stream, the other races behind him stopped in their tracks. Be it the gigantic beasts or the fist-sized insects, they all stopped chasing after him.
"What should we do? He has already entered the sect!"
"Without the Black Mountain Token, those who enter without permission will definitely die …"
"Let's go, let's go. Consider this human brat lucky. I reckon he won't survive more than half a day in the Black Mountain Sect!"
Seeing those other races gradually dispersing, Evil Deities revealed a ruthless look on his face.
It had always been him who ran over others. Why would these cats and dogs dare to chase after him?
Wait until he had some accomplishments in the Black Mountain Sect. After he left the sect, he would definitely wipe out all these demons and monsters!
As he thought of this, a strand of cold air suddenly invaded his neck. At the same time, a miserable voice sounded, "Human, do you have the Black Mountain Token …"
Behind him, there were many tattered rags floating in the air. Under the rags was a withered skeleton. It was unknown what kind of lifeform this skeleton belonged to. Behind the withered skeleton, there was even an enormous wing bone folded behind it.
The eyes of Evil Deities shrunk when he saw this withered skeleton. He handed over that Black Mountain Token.
"Those who can walk out alive after entering my Black Mountain Sect are all powerful characters. But I hope you can live until that day. Ge ge ge … follow me!"

Chapter 2874
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Mo Yijian's Return
When they returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect's courtyard, Xi Youqin was the first to rush out and ask all sorts of questions.
The last time Luo Zheng had gone to Ming Hu, he had also left without saying goodbye.
Most importantly, Xiaoyin had returned, but Luo Zheng had not. Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie, and the others were also quite worried when they heard this.
They only relaxed when they saw that Luo Zheng was safe and sound.
Luo Zheng only told them that he had gone to Ming Hu to cultivate. As for the matter of Taizhi Palace and Taihao Mountain, he naturally did not mention it.
Xiaoyin knew that Luo Zheng was hiding some of the truth, but she did not point it out. As a servant girl, it was not her place to ask how her master would deal with these matters.
After staying in the courtyard for half a day, someone knocked on the courtyard door again.
Xiaoyin pushed open the door and saw Mo Yijian's excited face.
"I heard that your Young Master Luo has returned?"
Mo Yijian was becoming more and more polite to Luo Zheng. At first, he had not even been interested in Luo Zheng's life.
"My Young Master has just returned …"
Xiaoyin was puzzled. Had Mo Yijian hired someone to keep an eye on their courtyard?
Xiaoyin had guessed correctly.
After Mo Yijian had obtained a portion of the True Comprehension Chapter, he had devoted himself to studying it almost nonstop and had discovered a huge mystery.
A few days ago, Mo Yijian had come to find Luo Zheng, but when he learned that Luo Zheng was not here, he could only return.
For the past two days, he had sent someone to keep an eye on Luo Zheng's courtyard. When he saw that Luo Zheng had returned, he immediately came to see him.
"I have something to discuss with him," Mo Yijian said with a smile.
Xiaoyin couldn't refuse, so she nodded and went to invite Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at Mo Yijian's excited face and felt a little strange. Could it be that this kid wanted to ask for the True Comprehension Chapter again?
"Brother Luo Zheng has been in the Heart Flow Sword Sect for quite some time. I wonder to what extent has Brother Luo Zheng cultivated the Sword Intent Mantra?" Mo Yijian suddenly asked.
This question was beyond Luo Zheng's expectation.
He had indeed been in the Heart-Flow Sword Sect for some time, but it had not been long since he obtained the Heart-Flow Sword Mantra. Furthermore, he had been busy with the Seven Mountains Meeting and had gone to Ming Lake. Although he had taken some time to comprehend the Heart-Flow Sword Mantra, he had not gained much.
"Just a little comprehension," Luo Zheng answered truthfully. "Why do you ask, Junior Brother Yijian?"
Mo Yijian's excitement grew. "Then Brother Luo Zheng, you have to hurry. The first 150 words of your True Comprehension Chapter are a perfect match for the Heart-Flow Sword Mantra, especially the Killing Heart Mantra. It is extremely mysterious when used together with the Yang Soul …"
At this point, Mo Yijian looked around. Perhaps he could not find a suitable target, so he directly chose Luo Zheng as his target.
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng immediately became vigilant.
Unexpectedly, Mo Yijian's eyes flashed slightly and he began to gather the Sword Intent of Eternity. He gently raised his hand and wisps of invisible aura spiraled around him. At this moment, Mo Yijian seemed to have changed into a different person.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Mo Yijian had become a sharp giant sword that was about to stab him.
"Killing Heart Mantra?"
Luo Zheng's complexion changed greatly.
The killing intent was too strong. Luo Zheng had to be on guard.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng quickly retreated, his feet leaving deep marks on the ground. At the same time, he was preparing to counterattack.
Not only Luo Zheng, but Ning Yudie, Xiaoyin, and the other girls in the courtyard were also frightened by Mo Yijian's aura.
Seeing Luo Zheng retreat far away, Mo Yijian finally reacted. His slightly immature face showed a trace of apology. "Ah, sorry … I just wanted to test it. I scared you!"
Seeing him apologize so seriously, Luo Zheng was both angry and amused. This guy was really a sword maniac.
"Your aura just now … was it created through the True Comprehension Chapter?" Luo Zheng asked.
In fact, Luo Zheng had already noticed it when he first started cultivating the True Comprehension Chapter.
The Sword of Mind in the True Comprehension Chapter was similar to the Killing Heart Mantra.
Luo Zheng had been too busy recently, so he didn't have time to study it. After Mo Yijian got the True Comprehension Chapter, he cultivated tirelessly. With his talent, he easily mixed the two together.
"Yes!" The apology on Mo Yijian's face was swept away. He said with an expression that said, "It's very powerful, right?"
"The means of the soul is indeed very powerful," Luo Zheng said.
"Of course!" Mo Yijian laughed. "These days, I've been killing in all directions in the Nirvana Realm. The people of the You Xiong Clan are afraid of me! Hahaha! "
In the Four Heavens of the Nirvana Realm, the three temples of the Human Tribe were built together.
Most of the strong people at this level had just stepped into the Nirvana Realm not long ago. They were relatively young. Of course, they would provoke each other and often compete on the soul level.
In the beginning, the Four Great Temples kept each other in check and got along peacefully.
Following the destruction of the Li Tribe's temple, the temples of You Xiong and Shennong rose day by day. The temple of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace fell into a disadvantage. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace were often bullied outside the temple. This time, with the help of the True Comprehension Chapter, Mo Yijian's strength improved greatly. He was in the limelight.
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
In the Nirvana Realm, it was indeed a competition on the soul level. If the Heart Sword could be combined with the first 150 words of the True Comprehension Chapter, it would be a great help!
Mo Yijian took Luo Zheng's 150 words and was grateful.
With his character of not asking for help, he had to repay this kindness. This time, he explained his understanding of the Heart Sword, the key points, and even the ingenious method of combining it with the True Comprehension Chapter.
Luo Zheng could also discover these things by himself, but Mo Yijian's unreserved guidance could greatly shorten this process.
Luo Zheng had already read through the Heart Sword Code, but Mo Yijian had pointed out some parts that he didn't understand. He was itching and couldn't wait to verify this process.
After sending off Mo Yijian, Luo Zheng asked Xiaoyin to help him apply to enter the Heart Flow Pagoda.
For ordinary disciples of the Heart Sword Sect, they could only enter the Heart Flow Pagoda once a month for two hours.
But for elites like Luo Zheng, there was no limit to the number of times they could enter. Of course, there was still a time limit.
Most of the elites wouldn't stay in the Heart Flow Pagoda for more than four hours. If they exceeded this time, they would be burned by the Heart Fire.
In the entire Heart Sword Sect, only Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian could stay in the Heart Flow Pagoda for a long time. It wasn't that they could comprehend the Tao with a single thought, but that they both cultivated the crucial Emotion Severing Divine Path.
This time, Luo Zheng stayed in the Heart Flow Pagoda for a full day and night. He comprehended the Heart Flow Sword Code in the Heart Flow Pagoda, so it was naturally very suitable.
"Sword of Mind …"
"Mind Execution …"
On the tenth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda, the white cyclone in Luo Zheng's mind rotated faster and faster.

Chapter 2875
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Yang Soul in Indigo
In Dragon City, Mo Yijian once fought with Luo Zheng.
At that time, Mo Yijian casually controlled a mass of air, but this mass of air was indestructible and even broke Youxue Sword!
At that time, Mo Yijian should have used this sword!
"At that time, Mo Yijian indeed didn't use his full strength. Otherwise, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to resist …" Luo Zheng murmured as he looked at this nonexistent sword.
This shapeless sword was completely different from the power tracing principle of Strength Divine Dao.
This sword was formed by one's mind and could directly attack the soul. At that time, Luo Zheng's Yang Soul might not have been able to withstand the killing intent of this sword.
However, now that Luo Zheng had formed a sword with his mind and the Truth Comprehension Chapter, the power of this Mind Sword might have surpassed Mo Yijian at that time. As for whether it could compete with the current Mo Yijian, he would only know after the battle.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't challenge Mo Yijian now. Previously, he had promised Elder Ying to go to the Nirvana Realm. Now was the time.
After leaving the Mind Flow Tower and returning to his courtyard, he chose to go into seclusion again.
During this seclusion, Luo Zheng once again entered the Nirvana Realm with his physical body.
His Yang Soul had already stepped into the Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, but his physical body was still in the First Heaven.
Fortunately, Ling Shuang had led the way once. It wasn't difficult for him to climb from the First Heaven to the Fourth Heaven with his physical body.
As usual, he attracted a lot of surprised gazes along the way.
After spending fourteen to sixteen hours, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Fourth Heaven. At this time, he retreated safely and returned to the Nirvana Realm in the form of a soul.
Last time, Luo Zheng retreated from the secret cultivation room in the temple. This time, he returned from the same place.
Just as Luo Zheng pushed open the door of the secret cultivation room, the door of the secret cultivation room not far away was also pushed open.
Although he couldn't see the appearance, Luo Zheng still relied on the familiar aura and immediately determined that it was Ling Shuang.
"I've been waiting for you for a long time!" Ling Shuang said unhappily.
Elder Ying and the others always kept their word. She herself was the number two figure in the Heavenly Palace. If she really wanted to leave a soul crystal for Luo Zheng, she naturally could do it.
However, after Luo Zheng returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he did not go to the temple for the first time. Ling Shuang was naturally dissatisfied.
However, she was optimistic by nature, and her dissatisfaction only lasted for a breath of time before she smiled and said, "Just follow me!"
This time, there were people from the temple leading the way, bringing the two of them into the depths of the temple.
If it was really like what Elder Gall said and directly let their Yang souls enter indigo, the amount of soul crystals needed was definitely not a small amount. Didn't they say that the soul crystals in the Divine Temple were very scarce?
Luo Zheng asked Ling Shuang in confusion.
Before Ling Shuang could answer, the person who led the way smiled and said, "Ever since the day the Nirvana Heavenly King was discovered, the supply of soul crystals has been tight. But that doesn't mean the Heavenly Palace doesn't have a surplus."
In the outer area of the Divine Temple, all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace could receive soul crystals. The amount was determined according to the importance of each sword sect and each mountain.
But whether it was Greater One Mountain or Taiyi Mountain, they all had their own private reserves.
Although Elder Ying and the others could not come to the Color Realm and could not use these soul crystals, these soul crystals were all reserved for their direct descendants.
"Grandma originally only prepared one for me. This time, she seems to have borrowed one from Greater Gold Mountain. My grandma is very good to you, right?" Ling Shuang smiled and said.
"Hehe … this is a huge favor," the person who led the way said enviously.
Of course, this person knew that the fusion of soul crystals was enough to let a person's Yang soul enter indigo. It was enough to raise the soul to a level and go straight to the Desire Realm.
Such a good thing could only be encountered by chance. Others could only envy.
"Thank you so much, Elder Ying," Luo Zheng said.
In fact, until now, the confusion in Luo Zheng's heart had not lessened in the slightest.
What happened between Elder Ying and Imperial Concubine Yan? Why would Elder Ying suddenly force such a good thing on him? Was it just to win him over?
He wanted to ask Ling Shuang, but when he mentioned Imperial Concubine Yan and Feng Ge, Ling Shuang would immediately become eccentric again. Thinking about it, he decided not to.
The person leading the way led the two of them to a secret door that extended out of the temple. The security here was abnormally tight, and the walls were engraved with talisman arrays. Powerful soul ripples were transmitted from the arrays. These talisman arrays were definitely killing arrays that targeted the soul.
"Those soul crystals have been prepared. The two of you can go in now." The person who led the way stopped here.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang stepped through the secret door and saw a few small compartments.
The two of them each chose a compartment and sat cross-legged.
After a while, drops of white light began to emerge from the threads on the walls of the compartments. A strong soul aura bloomed from them.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He stretched out his hand and gently guided. Those pure soul crystals poured into his body and entered his Yang soul bit by bit.
"Buzz …"
As the white light continued to converge, Luo Zheng's and Ling Shuang's Yang souls also continued to grow stronger.
When the two of them first entered the Sea of True Meaning, Luo Zheng's soul was slightly stronger than Ling Shuang's.
Later, in the Divine Temple, each of them absorbed a large group of soul crystals. The two of them were then able to quickly cross the Fourth Heaven. However, the Heart Flow Sword Sect gave Luo Zheng more soul crystals. Luo Zheng's Yang soul was much stronger than Ling Shuang's.
As Luo Zheng continued to absorb the soul crystals, the purple light on the surface of his Yang soul became brighter and brighter.
The soul crystals that emerged on the walls did not show any signs of decreasing. Instead, there were more and more!
About half an hour later … …
The last bit of soul crystal was absorbed into Luo Zheng's Yang soul. His Yang soul was already flickering with purple light.
In the narrow space, Luo Zheng waved his arms. At the same time, he punched the wall beside him. The feedback from his Yang soul made him feel as if he had been reborn. Now, it was no longer tangible. If he ignored the fact that he was in the Nirvana Realm, he would even think that this was his physical body!
He crawled out of the narrow space and waited for a while at the secret door. Ling Shuang also walked out of the secret door. The surface of her soul was also suffused with a strong purple light. In just an hour, the aura of the two of them had grown by quite a bit.
For ordinary disciples of the Heavenly Palace, this was something unimaginable.
Most disciples of the Heavenly Palace could only obtain rare soul crystals as a reward if they made a great contribution. They were more willing to explore the Divine Temples that few people set foot in. Occasionally, they might gain something.
Ling Shuang came up and pinched Luo Zheng's arm. After cultivating the indigo soul, any touch had become more real. Even Ling Shuang's appearance had become clearer.
Although he still could not see her appearance clearly, the edges of his Yang soul had become sharper.
"It feels like my soul has changed. It's so strange," Ling Shuang said.
"I'm not used to it either," Luo Zheng replied with a smile.

Chapter 2876
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Spirit Snake Tide
Ling Shuang stepped forward and stopped one of them, asking, "What happened?"
The man said, "You Xiong Clan is here for revenge! They released the snakes! "
"Snakes? What snakes? "Luo Zheng paused.
Ling Shuang frowned and said, "They are spirit snakes raised by You Xiong Clan. How dare they release them here! Let's go out and take a look! "
As soon as they rushed out of the temple, they saw a large black mass in front of them!
Luo Zheng looked carefully and found that it was a black mass of snakes. However, he couldn't see the patterns and details of these spirit snakes clearly.
The local creatures in the Nirvana World were able to distinguish the appearances and details of the living beings, but outside the Nirvana World, the sun souls and even Luo Zheng's body could only see a rough outline, without being able to distinguish the appearances and details. As Ling Shuang said, these soul snakes were released by You Xiong Family.
"The snake tide is coming!"
"Retreat to the temple!"
"Damn You Xiong Clan, they are not thinking of attacking our temple, are they?"
Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace shouted loudly, their voices filled with anger.
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh..."
Beams of sharp light slashed towards the snake tide, cutting many spirit snakes in half.
Most of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were running away, but a small number of them were fighting back, killing those spirit snakes.
These disciples of the Heavenly Palace were all powerful. Their sun souls glowed with purple light. They were still some distance away from the indigo sun soul, but they could still step into the ninth or tenth level of Heaven.
However, the snake tide was too large, and these people couldn't cut it all. While attacking, they kept retreating to the gate of the temple.
"These spirit snakes aren't going to rush into the temple, are they?" asked Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang's face was calm. "I don't think so."
All these years, there had been small conflicts between the temples, but they still restrained themselves. If You Xiong Clan really drove the snake tide into the temple, it meant that You Xiong Clan was about to start a war with the Heavenly Palace!
"Help!"
Suddenly, a scream came from not far away.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang looked over at the same time and saw four people surrounded by the snake tide.
The Sun Souls of these four people were still light brown, and their auras were somewhat scattered. It was obvious that they had just stepped into the Fourth Heavenly Layer.
The four of them wanted to go back to the god temple, but the snake tide was like a tidal wave. They were too slow and were surrounded by the snake tide. They fought hard and killed the soul snakes.
How could the four of them kill their way over? They were about to be drowned by the snake tide.
"Why didn't they withdraw from the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng felt strange.
Aside from the temples, the other places on the other side of the river could be exited at will. If one was no match for these soul snakes, they could just leave.
"Look at their feet."
Ling Shuang said.
Under the feet of the four people, there were light blue threads of light that bound their souls to the ground.
These large families and clans had been living in the other side for so many years, and had all kinds of methods to prevent people from leaving the other side. These light threads were the soul-entangling threads that You Xiong Family always used. Once a person was bound by a soul-entangling thread, he or she would be able to move freely, but he or she would not be able to leave the other side until the threads were removed!
In this way, the four of them had clearly fallen into a desperate situation.
"I'll go save them!"
Luo Zheng no longer hesitated. He took a big stride forward, and his entire arm began to twist into a sharp spike.
This sharp spike glowing with purple light had a soul strength that was many times stronger than these soul snakes. With a casual sweep of his hand, he cut dozens of soul snakes into pieces.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Ling Shuang was unwilling to let Luo Zheng take the risk by himself, so she followed him.
A small soul sword floated around her, and as long as a soul snake dared to approach, it would be cut into pieces by this small soul sword.
The two of them fought with all their might and forcibly opened up a path in the middle of the snake tide. They killed their way to the four people who were surrounded.
The four of them had almost given up.
They had just entered the Nirvana Realm a few years ago, and now they had already stepped into the fourth level of the Nirvana Realm. Even in the entire Heavenly Palace, they were extremely outstanding disciples. They had never thought that they would die here today, just as they entered the Nirvana Realm, and before they could even set foot in the temple. Their hearts were filled with unwillingness.
Just as they were in despair, waves of surging soul waves suddenly came from not far away.
"Swish swish swish!"
These soul snakes that were difficult to deal with were cut, broken, and scattered like straw …
Two Sun Souls that were glowing with purple light had already landed beside them.
"What a powerful soul wave!"
"It's an Indigo Soul! An Indigo Soul Elite! "
"Qian Cheng, we're saved!"
The four of them had never thought that someone would come to their aid at the last moment.
Qian Cheng stared blankly at one of the Sun Souls, and a faint sense of familiarity welled up in her heart. She seemed to have seen this person somewhere before.
"We can't stay here for long. Let's retreat into the temple," Luo Zheng said.
After that, Luo Zheng passed by Qian Cheng and blocked the surging snake tide.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's performance was as sharp as ever. The two of them stood there like reefs in a torrent. No matter how turbulent the snake tide was, it would be cut apart by force when it reached them!
"Qian Cheng, let's go! Why are you in a daze! "
The person beside Qian Cheng tugged at her, and only then did Qian Cheng jog along with them, rushing towards the temple.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang fought as they retreated, slowly retreating towards the temple's entrance with the other disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
The soul snakes rushed all the way to the temple's entrance, then uniformly stopped.
"They stopped?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
These soul snakes seemed to have discussed it beforehand, stopping at the temple's entrance. Not a single soul snake dared to cross over.
"Outside the temple is the other shore, and inside the temple is the Heavenly Palace. If they really dare to cross over, it means that they are declaring war on the Heavenly Palace. This is the rule set by the major clans of the Mother World," Ling Shuang said.
All the major forces had built their own temples on the other shore. In the Mother World, there were constant battles. No one wanted to fight day and night on the other shore. No matter how big the conflict was, it was not allowed to attack the other side's temple.
Therefore, unless two major clans wanted to fight to the death, generally, no one would cross this red line.
Back then, the You Xiong Clan had taken the lead to attack the Jiuli Clan's temple. This meant that the two clans had completely fallen out, and in the end, the Jiuli Clan was exterminated.
"But we can't just let these soul snakes stay here," said Luo Zheng with a frown.
Countless soul snakes had already covered the entire area in front of the temple. Even the statues of the Heavenly Palace were covered by soul snakes. Looking at those wriggling soul snakes, people's scalps were numbed.
"Hiss …"
As those soul snakes moved restlessly, the one in the middle rolled to both sides like tidewater, making a path for the three of them.
On this path, the three of them walked over and stopped before the temple.
"You Xiong Clan has made such a big noise. Do you want to declare war on the Heavenly Palace?" Ling Shuang raised her head and asked loudly.
You Xiong Clan had many powerful beings in the sex world, but the Heavenly Palace was not weak either.

Chapter 2877
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Mo Yijian, the troublemaker.
The three You Xiong Family people ignored Ling Shuang.
The leader of the three slightly raised his hand. Following his move, all soul snakes raised their heads and hissed.
"Hiss …"
The noise sounded extremely scary.
"Tell Mo Yijian from your Heaven Palace to come out and face his death!" said the leader.
Hearing this, the group of people glanced at each other.
"Mo Yijian?"
"He came to the temple a couple of days ago, but I haven't seen him in a couple of days."
"I think he challenged You Xiong Family people a couple of days ago. Did he get himself into trouble?"
Ling Shuang didn't think that Mo Yijian would be involved in this either. "Luo Zheng, isn't Mo Yijian your brother?" she asked with a low voice. "Have you seen him?"
"I did see him the day before yesterday," answered Luo Zheng.
"What happened then?" asked Ling Shuang.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't know what happened exactly. But I guess he hurt someone from You Xiong Family, so You Xiong Family came to take revenge."
Luo Zheng didn't know what happened a couple of days ago, but Mo Yijian came to Luo Zheng and told Luo Zheng that he had made some progress in the [Heart-Stream Sword Scripture]. Without a doubt, Luo Zheng couldn't wait to find someone to practice with.
The best place to release the power of the [Heart-Stream Sword Scripture] was in the Nirvana Realm.
Mo Yijian also said that he had slaughtered many people in the Nirvana Realm, and even You Xiong Family people were afraid of him. Therefore, Luo Zheng guessed that You Xiong Family people must have been bullied badly by Mo Yijian.
Anyway, Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian were both from the Heart-Stream Sword Sect. He took a step forward and asked, "Mo Yijian is my little brother. What did he do to offend you?"
"Yesterday, he almost killed my brother in the Soul Arena. My brother hasn't woken up yet! I want to see what kind of person he is! "That person said coldly.
The Soul Arena was a territory that had been opened up in the middle of the three divine temples of the human race. Many Yang souls could compete here, and what they competed in was naturally the strength of their souls.
"So it's such a small matter." Ling Shuang retorted, "Accidents are very easy to happen in a soul battle. Since your brother has entered the Soul Arena, he should know that he is responsible for his own life and death. You have the gall to ask for an explanation for your brother!"
Many people had died in the Soul Arena over the years, but life and death were up to fate in the Soul Arena. This was a rule that the three human races had long since tacitly agreed upon.
"Who said I'm here for an explanation? You should know that you'll pay the price for being so arrogant in the Soul Arena that day. If Mo Yijian doesn't dare to accept the challenge, my snake tide won't disperse for another day! "That person continued.
The temple was blocked by the snake tide, and the people in the temple could not go in or out. Naturally, it would cause a lot of trouble for the Celestial Palace.
"What should we do?"
"Should we invite Mo Yijian over?"
"......"
In terms of reputation and strength, the You Xiong Clan could indeed suppress the Celestial Palace. Although they were angry, they were also very helpless.
Some people quietly left the other side and spread the news to the Celestial Palace.
Qian Cheng and her three companions silently looked at Luo Zheng at the front.
"This person is from the Heart Flow Sword Sect. I heard that the Heart Flow Sword Sect sent out a genius, Mo Yijian, who comprehended the Dao with a single thought. But he's not Mo Yijian. Could he be Gao Qizheng?" A man beside Qian Cheng guessed in a low voice.
"I've seen Gao Qizheng before. That's not him. His voice doesn't sound like him at all." Another person shook his head in denial.
Qian Cheng looked at Luo Zheng's figure, her eyes filled with confusion.
Whether it was his aura or his voice, they were extremely similar to the person she had met when she first entered the Sea of True Intent. The person who could swim in the Sea of True Intent!
The first time the Celestial Palace learned that someone could swim in the Sea of True Intent, it was Qian Cheng and the others who had discovered it.
Since then, Qian Cheng and the others had focused on cultivation and never met again.
But that person shouldn't be from the Celestial Palace. Why was he already part of the Celestial Palace when he appeared again?
It was inconceivable just thinking about it …
In the end, Qian Cheng shook her head and hid this guess in her heart. She didn't reveal it.
The snake tide continued to dance in front of the Celestial Palace.
The three people from the You Xiong Clan were determined to force Mo Yijian to appear. Occasionally, they would make a ruckus.
The two sides faced off in front of the Divine Temple for a while. Then, a person strolled out of the Divine Temple. He walked past the crowd and faced the three people from the You Xiong Clan. He smiled faintly and said, "Didn't I say that I would enter the Soul Arena in three days? Can't wait anymore?"
The person who spoke was naturally Mo Yijian.
His Yang Soul shone with a faint purple light. Although it wasn't as purple as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's, his Yang Soul was not far from entering the indigo stage. It seemed that the Heart Flow Sword Sect had given him a lot of resources.
"You are Mo Yijian?" the leader of the You Xiong Clan asked.
"Yes," Mo Yijian answered.
"Do you dare enter the Soul Arena with me?" the person asked again.
"Why wouldn't I dare? But … "Mo Yijian pointed at the tide of Soul Snakes," Keep these broken things. "
That person did not hesitate. He raised his hand, causing a bright silver light ring to appear. From the light ring, he took out a small brown pot. He aimed the pot at the black mass of Soul Snakes.
"Sou sou sou sou sou …"
All the Soul Snakes turned into strands of black light and shot into the Soul Pot.
In the blink of an eye, the Soul Snakes that covered the sky disappeared.
Everyone from the Celestial Palace Divine Temple let out a sigh of relief. They did not wish for this matter to blow up. At the same time, they were worried about Mo Yijian's fate.
The three people from the You Xiong Clan had Indigo Soul Grade Yang Souls. After entering the Indigo Soul Grade, they could attempt to cross the Color Realm. After completing the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, they would become experts at the Chaotic Origin Realm!
Mo Yijian's soul was weaker by a level. He would be at a disadvantage if he fought with these people in the Soul Arena.
"I've heard that Mo Yijian could comprehend the Dao with a thought. He is indeed a rare genius of the Celestial Palace. He doesn't seem nervous at all!"
"It's a pity that his soul is weaker."
"Is it really weak? You haven't seen how Mo Yijian defeated three Indigo Soul Grade Yang Souls from the You Xiong Clan a few days ago! "
After that person from the You Xiong Clan kept the Soul Snakes, he gestured for Xue Ying to leave.
Mo Yijian followed them out of the Divine Temple.
Even though the tide of Soul Snakes had frightened many people from the Celestial Palace, their curiosity overcame their fear. The Celestial Palace disciples gathered at the entrance of the Divine Temple walked out of the Divine Temple and followed them.
Not only that …
This news was still spreading rapidly within the Celestial Palace.
The disciples, elites, and direct descendants of the various mountains had all escaped to the other side and rushed out of the Divine Temple.
"Let's go and take a look too." Ling Shuang said.
Today's matter was not a small matter. Many disciples from the You Xiong Clan had died in the Soul Arena, but no one dared to control the Soul Snakes to block the entrance of the Celestial Palace Divine Temple. From a certain perspective, this represented the attitude of the You Xiong Clan!

Chapter 2878
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A staggering bet.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang followed the crowd to the back of the temple.
At the intersection of the three temples, there was a square platform. This was the Soul Arena.
The surface of the Soul Arena was covered with a layer of light blue powder. The powder was the same as the Soul-entangling Silk.
During the battle in the Soul Arena, no one was allowed to leave the other side. Otherwise, if they ran back to the other side, the battle wouldn't be able to continue. The powder was used to prevent the participants from running away.
"Why are there so many people?" Luo Zheng glanced at the crowd.
There were many people around the Soul Arena. Their Sun Souls weren't weak either. Looking around, most of their Sun Souls were shining with purple light. Many of them were indigo Soul Masters.
"The situation is getting worse," Ling Shuang said with a frown.
Most of the people who entered the Nirvana Realm were looking for the Nirvana Realm token. They were not interested in the battle at the soul level.
Although the Soul Arena had been around for a long time, it wasn't very popular.
You Xiong Clan invited Mo Yijian to the Soul Arena. There were so many people gathered there. Looking at the situation, other than You Xiong Clan, Shennong's disciples were also here.
When the four human orthodoxies were still around, the human race was at its most united.
The destruction of Jiuli wasn't brought down by You Xiong Clan alone. The key was the addition of Shennong's Lie Shan.
The combination of these two forces had already alerted the Heavenly Palace. However, You Xiong Clan and the Heavenly Palace were very far apart. The Heavenly Palace and the other two orthodoxies got along peacefully.
But just like Qiu Yinhe said, the Heavenly Palace and You Xiong Clan chose different Daos. In the end, they would probably end up on opposite sides.
The person who controlled the snake tide walked onto the Soul Arena and said loudly, "Mo Yijian defeated ten people from my You Xiong Clan in a row. He even damaged the soul of my brother, Ji Changluo. He hasn't woken up yet. Today, I will fight Mo Yijian on behalf of my brother!"
As soon as he finished, the people behind Ji Changjin started to clamor.
"Ho ho ho!"
These people's Sun Souls were very powerful. They were very intimidating.
Mo Yijian stepped into the Soul Arena unhurriedly. He still looked indifferent. "It's just the Soul Arena. Why are you talking so much nonsense? Let's do it! "
"Wait!" Ji Changjin said, "In the past, we have to Soul Arena's... Soul Arena's no exception."
"Wager?" Mo Yijian was already somewhat impatient, "How about a thousand Soul Elixirs?"
A thousand soul pills was not a small number for an ordinary disciple of the Heavenly Palace, but for existences like Mo Yijian and Ji Changjin, it was insignificant. It was just that Mo Yijian was too lazy to care about the prize, so he casually gave a perfunctory reply.
Ji Changjin, however, shook his head. "A thousand soul pills isn't enough! .. people! "
Following his command, a person walked out from behind him. This person took out a huge transparent ball from his Sumeru Space.
The crowd around the Soul Arena immediately let out a cry of surprise when they saw the transparent ball.
"It's a soul crystal!"
"So many Soul Soul Of"
"Heavens!"
"Ji Changjin isn't going to bet these Soul Soul Soul Crystals, is he?"
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's faces were also filled with shock.
Soul Soul Soul Crystals were very precious. Under normal circumstances, they couldn't be bought with God Crystals or Soul Soul Pills. In other words, they were priceless treasures.
Ji Changjin's Soul Soul Crystal was enough to make someone reach the Indigo Soul Rank. It was more than what Luo Zheng had absorbed in the Soul Hall!
"Is a Soul Battle worth so many Soul Soul Crystals?" Ling Shuang asked.
Luo Zheng was also thinking. Even if Ji Changjin was a genius of the You Xiong Clan, he shouldn't be able to take out so many Soul Soul Crystals. Even if he could, he wouldn't be willing to bet them. What was his goal?
Mo Yijian was moved by the number of Soul Soul Crystals. He was still some distance away from reaching the Indigo Soul Rank. If he could win these Soul Soul Crystals, he would reach the Indigo Soul Rank in one go. But he said, "It seems like we can't continue this battle."
"What do you mean?" Ji Changjin asked.
Mo Yijian smiled bitterly and said, "Your bet is too expensive. I can't take out so many Soul Soul Crystals."
Only a fool would bet a thousand Soul Soul Pills on such a huge Soul Crystal.
Ji Changjin waved his hand and said, "It's okay. Let me finish. We're betting so many Soul Soul Crystals, but it won't be easy to get them."
As he spoke, he turned his head and pointed below. Two more You Xiong Clan members stood up.
Their Yang Souls emitted a cold and powerful Soul Aura. Even among the Indigo Soul Ranks, they were among the best.
"Today, we three brothers will fight and accept the challenges of the Heavenly Palace. If we lose, this Soul Soul Crystal will be given to the last winner," Ji Changjin said.
Hearing Ji Changjin's words, many people's faces were filled with interest.
It would be difficult for one person to fight the three of them alone.
But Ji Changjin meant that they could take turns to fight. Everyone could take turns to fight until they defeated the three brothers!
If they defeated the last of the three brothers, they could get the Soul Soul Crystal. Wouldn't that be great?
"Say no more." Mo Yijian said, "The others won't have the chance to fight. I alone am enough."
Ji Changjin only laughed coldly and left the Soul Arena. At the same time, he said, "Ji Yue, you're up first!"
Ji Yue leaped up and stepped into the Soul Arena.
"Buzz!"
Five or six purple Soul Rings appeared above Ji Yue's head.
A powerful and cold Soul Aura spread from the Soul Arena. The weaker Yang Souls couldn't help but tremble.
Mo Yijian laughed and didn't say anything. His Yang Soul swept across the Soul Arena. Streaks of white light swept out and turned into a small whirlpool. It released a shockingly sharp aura!
"What a strong True Intent aura." Ling Shuang's expression changed when she saw the white light.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "You can't see the origin of that white light?"
Ling Shuang thought for a moment and said, "That's the True Comprehension Chapter … Mo Yijian used it as a Soul Soul Ability so quickly?"
She had studied the first 150 words of the True Comprehension Chapter. Naturally, she knew the origin of the white whirlpool.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Perhaps the first 100 words of the True Comprehension Chapter were compatible with the Heart Sword. Mo Yijian could use it in such a short time.
As for the Taiyi Sword Technique that Ling Shuang cultivated, it was not a soul superpower. She did not delve into this aspect. Wanting to merge the two into one was not an easy task. Perhaps only Ling Shuang's grandmother would be able to do this.
"Swish!"

Chapter 2879
Objective
The Ji Clan was one of the two great clans of the You Xiong Clan. The Soul Ring cultivated by Ji Yue was extremely tough.
Relying on this Soul Ring, Ji Yue could do whatever he wanted in the 13th Level Heaven.
But Mo Yijian's invisible Heart Thought Sword pierced through. "Kuang kuang kuang", three crisp sounds could be heard. The outer three Soul Rings had been shattered.
Ji Yue's expression changed greatly.
Previously, Ji Changjin had reminded him that this Mo Yijian should not be underestimated.
But Ji Yue was one of the top ten experts in the younger generation of the Ji Clan. He had received the true inheritance of the clan. It was impossible for him to not be able to withstand a single move from Mo Yijian right?
He activated his spiritual power, and soul rings spread out one after another, protecting him tightly.
When the second Heart Thought Sword came, Ji Yue leaped into the Soul Arena, barely dodging Mo Yijian's attack.
Mo Yijian was still calm and composed.
Ever since he cultivated the True Comprehension Chapter, the power of his Killing Heart Sword had increased tremendously.
With his current techniques, he could even kill Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
Of course, the prerequisite was that the soul of the Chaotic Origin Realm expert had just entered the Indigo Soul Realm. After all, the Indigo Soul Realm could still grow. It was just that the consumption of soul crystals was a terrifying number.
"Sou!"
With a thought, Mo Yijian sent that invisible Heart Thought Sword spiraling in the air before piercing towards Ji Yue once again.
Ji Yue did not dare to face it head-on. His body was as nimble as a snake as he slithered around the Soul Arena, dodging seven to eight strikes in a row.
But the space in the Soul Arena was limited. After dodging a few more times, Ji Yue was finally forced into a corner by Mo Yijian. He no longer had the chance to escape.
That Soul Ring was shattered after being struck by Mo Yijian multiple times. The invisible Heart Thought Sword blocked Ji Yue's soul, forcing him to admit defeat.
Mo Yijian would not force others too much. He lightly kept his Heart Thought Sword and let Ji Yue leave just like that.
"Mo Yijian is truly formidable." Ling Shuang praised.
Even though Ling Shuang's Sun Soul had improved greatly, it would not be easy for her to win against Ji Yue in the Soul Arena.
Luo Zheng nodded.
Mo Yijian's soul was far weaker than Ji Yue's, but he still won so easily.
If he achieved the Indigo Soul Stage, he would be even more terrifying.
But from the looks of it, Mo Yijian wasn't that bloodthirsty. Once Ji Yue admitted defeat, he wouldn't chase after him. Then what about Ji Chang Jin's younger brother?
At this moment, cheers rang out from all around.
"Mo Yijian won too easily!"
"It ended as soon as I arrived?"
"I heard that the Youxiong Clan is betting on soul crystals?"
Previously, because of the snake tide, many elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace had rushed over.
Just now, Ji Yue took out a soul crystal, which attracted even more people. More and more Heavenly Palace disciples gathered around.
Moreover, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace who came later were obviously here for the soul crystals. Most of them were the elites of the Heavenly Palace.
Ji Yue was defeated and left the Soul Arena, but the second person refused to come up.
Mo Yijian stood in the center of the Soul Arena with his hands behind his back. Impatient, he urged, "Ji Chang Jin, you said you sent three people into the Soul Arena. Why hasn't the second person come up yet?"
Ji Chang Jin was whispering to each other below the stage. Now, he was no longer as overbearing as before. Instead, he smiled respectfully and said, "Just wait a little longer."
Time passed bit by bit. The crowd was getting impatient.
"Is the Youxiong Clan afraid?"
"Mo Yijian is indeed strong. His Heart Sword's power is beyond imagination!"
"Ji Chang Jin won't go back on his word, right? That's so embarrassing, hahaha … "
The Heavenly Palace disciples laughed.
But no one from the Youxiong Clan retorted. Most of them remained silent.
After a long while, Ji Chang Jin said, "Alright, that's enough. Ji Cheng, it's your turn!"
After delaying for so long, the second person from the Youxiong Clan finally came up.
This Ji Cheng was slightly stronger than Ji Yue. It wasn't clear what kind of soul art he cultivated. Every time Mo Yijian used the Heart Sword, Ji Cheng would become light as a feather and easily dodge.
How was this a battle in the Soul Arena? It was simply a chase!
Mo Yijian attacked forty to fifty times in a row but failed to hit Ji Cheng once. Ji Cheng had no intention of fighting back either. He continued to float around.
"Did you come to the Soul Arena to compete or to run away?" Mo Yijian finally couldn't keep his cool.
Ji Cheng completely ignored Mo Yijian and continued to run around the Soul Arena. From the looks of it, he was planning to drag things out!
"Alright!"
Mo Yijian raised his eyebrows. The white true intent whirlpool spun even more intensely. The formless Heart Sword's attacks became even more ferocious!
Under Mo Yijian's all-out attack, Ji Cheng began to be in dire straits and found it hard to cope. After being forced into a corner, the same situation as last time happened again. Ji Cheng decisively chose to admit defeat.
"Get out," Mo Yijian said unhappily.
He himself was confused. He didn't know what Ji Chang Jin was trying to do. Did he send two people into the Soul Arena just to play hide and seek with him?
"Last one. Do you want someone from the Youxiong Clan to come up, or do you want to do it yourself?" Mo Yijian asked again.
Ji Chang Jin looked around the Soul Arena. The sun souls flickered with purple light. More than half of the Heavenly Palace's elites should have gathered. He revealed a satisfied expression and walked up to the Soul Arena.
"You've been dawdling for two hours. Are you going back on your word?" Mo Yijian mocked.
Ji Chang Jin's smile was very wide. In any case, they couldn't see each other's expressions on the other side. He said, "Back on my word? It's just a soul crystal. Compared to the lives of more than half of the Heavenly Palace's elite disciples, it's nothing! Hahaha! "
Almost all of the Heavenly Palace's elite disciples in the Fourth Layer of Heaven had arrived. Only a portion of the elite disciples in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Layer of Heaven hadn't been able to return in time. However, Ji Chang Jin felt that their numbers were enough.
When Mo Yijian heard this, his expression changed. "What do you mean?"
Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng's expressions changed even more.
The two of them had a trace of doubt from the start. In an instant, they understood. Ji Chang Jin's previous actions were just to attract the Heavenly Palace's elite disciples and kill them all!
Was this Ji Chang Jin crazy?
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng shouted. He pulled Ling Shuang and flew backwards.
Even though he didn't know what Ji Chang Jin was up to, the current situation was very troublesome!
Moreover, the other party had prepared for so long. He had probably already calculated all kinds of situations!
"Buzz!"

Chapter 2880
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Winning Fish and the Smoke Wall
Normally, the soul was as light as a feather and could do anything.
However, the rules of the Paramita were special. Yang souls couldn't fly in it. Otherwise, they wouldn't need to drive a small boat across the Sea of True Intent.
When the Soul-entangling Silk covered this area, it meant that no one could escape in a short time.
The first reaction of all the disciples was to return to the temple to take refuge. When the Soul-entangling Silk's effect disappeared, they could escape from the Paramita!
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were the fastest. Although the Soul-entangling Silk was tied to their feet, it didn't affect their speed.
However, Luo Zheng still had an ominous premonition in his heart.
The other party dared to make such a big move and even used so many spirit crystals as bait. They must have made thorough preparations. That Ji Changjin wouldn't let them go so easily.
Just as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang took the lead and rushed out three to four thousand feet, a pitch-black shadow of a sacrificial altar suddenly appeared in the distance.
These sacrificial altars were about the size of a house. There were a few steps on top of them and they looked very simple.
Luo Zheng frowned and stared at them. He suddenly didn't know what was going on with these sacrificial altars.
However, the elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace were mostly knowledgeable. Many of them saw these sacrificial altars at a glance.
"Winning Fish! It's the Winning Fish Sacrificial Altar! "
"Where did they get so many Winning Fish Sacrificial Altars!"
"In the Twelve Levels of Heaven, there are at most ten of them. There are hundreds of them here!"
The densely packed sacrificial altars almost surrounded this area in a circle!
"What's the Winning Fish Sacrificial Altar?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
Although Ling Shuang entered the Indigo Soul Realm, she and Luo Zheng didn't go to many places in the Paramita.
However, she still heard some news about the Paramita. "The Winning Fish seems to be a kind of living creature in the Paramita. However, they are all gathered in the sacrificial altars …"
In the Twelve Levels of Heaven, there was a huge sea of sand. In the sea of sand stood more than ten temples of big clans.
Most of the divine temples required a Paramita Key to enter, but only the divine temple of the Ying Yu Clan was open. One could enter and exit at will, and the area was huge.
Although entering and exiting the Winning Fish Temple was very convenient, the Winning Fish Temple was an extremely dangerous place. It was even more dangerous than most of the divine temples in the thirteenth heaven. In addition, the gains from the Winning Fish Temple over the years were very limited. Most of the Sun Souls that explored the other side would be able to avoid this divine temple.
He wondered what You Xiong Clan had obtained from the Ying Yu Celestial Temple that allowed them to move the altars from the twelfth layer of heaven to this place, and so many of them!
The elites of Heaven Palace who had been to Ying Yu Temple naturally knew how terrifying Ying Yu was. Many people's voices trembled. Some people even stopped. They didn't dare to rush to the altars.
"Charge!" Luo Zheng said without any hesitation.
"Yes." Ling Shuang also became unusually determined.
The other party's goal was to catch them all in one fell swoop. Staying here would only lead to death. They had no other choice but to fight.
Just as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were about a thousand feet away from the altars, a glazed mirror appeared on the black altar. Fish the size of washbasins appeared in the mirror. These fish were similar to the carps in the river. They had many scales, but they had a pair of wide wings on their backs. Their mouths were actually filled with fangs!
What was even more troublesome was that when the glazed mirror appeared, groups of Ying Yu crawled out. There were more than ten of them in each altar!
These Ying Yu were Paramita creatures that lived in the twelfth layer of heaven. Just one of them was already extremely ferocious. When they appeared in groups, they were even more invincible. Even the Indigo Souls felt a headache when they saw these Ying Yu. Moreover, there were many Sun Souls among the disciples of Heaven Palace who were only at the fourth or fifth layer of heaven …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Five or six Ying Yu rushed straight towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. With a flip, purple light flashed in his hand. His five fingers turned into five sharp spikes and pierced towards these Ying Yu.
"Peng peng peng peng peng!"
"He blocked them?"
Luo Zheng was shocked.
These Ying Yu were obviously not as strong as the Spirit Snakes released by the You Xiong Clan.
These Spirit Snakes were a great threat to ordinary Sun Souls. However, for Indigo Souls like Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang, they could not even withstand a single blow.
"Swish swish swish …"
The Ying Yu that was sent flying by Luo Zheng fell to the ground. Immediately, they bounced up and continued to flap their wings as they rushed forward. These Ying Yu were actually so ferocious.
"You're courting death!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed fiercely. The purple light on the surface of his body flashed. A white cyclone circled above his head.
"Sword of Mind!"
Mo Yijian's Killing Heart Sword was indeed powerful. He was much more proficient in using it than Luo Zheng.
However, the Killing Heart Sword was used in the Paramita Realm. The key was the strength of the Sun Soul.
Luo Zheng had entered the Indigo Soul Realm. The formless Sword of Mind was naturally stronger than Mo Yijian's!
"Ka ka ka ka …"
With a sweep of the Sword of Mind, several Ying Yu were torn to shreds!
Ji Changjin stood at the back of the Soul Battle Arena. After seeing Luo Zheng use the Sword of Mind in the distance, his face revealed a trace of surprise.
Mo Yijian's method was indeed powerful. Ji Changjin originally thought that it was an ability unique to Mo Yijian. He did not expect that there was someone in the Tai Yi Heaven Palace who could use it. It seemed to be even more powerful! These things naturally had to be reported as intelligence. No matter how one looked at it, the formless Sword of Mind's power was far beyond the scope of the Sun Soul Realm. This was very abnormal.
"So what if it's powerful? I don't believe that you can leave the Paramita Realm alive today. "Ji Changjin immediately said," Let the Shennong Clan do it. Don't let a single one out. "
There were many people from the Divine Farmer Clan watching the battle today. In fact, they had already planned this.
After Ji Changjin gave the order, at the edge of the area paved with Soul Entangling Silk, pink and white seeds broke out of the ground. These seeds quickly sprouted, bloomed, and bore fruit.
The fruits that were borne quickly withered and began to spread out a curtain of smoke.
The Divine Farmer Clan was good at refining pills and making poisons. However, this curtain of smoke was not a kind of poison, but a special kind of enchantment.
When the curtain of smoke stretched to a height of several hundred feet, the people of the Divine Farmer Clan heard in unison, "Condense!"
The smoke began to condense, and the originally illusory smoke turned into a solid wall. The wall formed a circle, trapping all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace in it.
Luo Zheng took the lead and killed 30 to 40 Ying Yu. Ling Shuang controlled the small sword and killed many of them.
Seeing that they had all rushed to the altar, a strange wall appeared in front of them!
"Break!"
Luo Zheng's mind moved, and the incomparably sharp Sword of Mind pierced toward the wall formed by the smoke.

Chapter 2881
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Predicament
While Luo Zheng was trying to destroy the wall, several winning fish rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Just as they opened their bloody mouths to bite Luo Zheng, a small sword swept toward them and cut them into several pieces.
"Be careful, Luo Zheng," Ling Shuang warned.
While Luo Zheng was destroying the wall, Ling Shuang was also paying attention to the surroundings.
"This wall … is very difficult to destroy," Luo Zheng said, frowning.
They couldn't rush out of the wall, nor could they leave the other side. The winning fish kept coming out of the altar. For the disciples of the Heaven Palace, it was a dead end.
The winning fish didn't hurt Luo Zheng, but the disciples of the Heaven Palace behind him were in trouble.
The winning fish flew out of the altars in all directions and rushed toward the disciples of the Heaven Palace. Somehow, the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan ignored the disciples of the Heaven Palace.
A weak disciple ran a bit slower and was surrounded by a large school of winning fish. In the blink of an eye, his Sun Soul was torn apart. The pain of his soul being torn apart caused him to constantly scream out. But his screams only lasted for a breath of time before they disappeared. He had already been eaten clean by the winning fish.
Screams like this came one after another. The Sun Souls of the disciples of the Heaven Palace were being gnawed by the winning fish. The situation became chaotic.
Although there were many elites of the Heaven Palace present, Mo Yijian and the others were fighting for themselves.
"We can't go on like this," Luo Zheng stood on the altar and shouted as he saw more and more winning fish. At the same time, he urged his soul to explode with an amazing aura. "All disciples of the Heaven Palace, come to me!"
All the disciples of the Heaven Palace were attracted by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had rushed to the front, which was very conspicuous. Everyone followed closely behind him, but they were not in formation. Under his command, the elites of the Heavenly Palace also gathered in formation and continued to converge in Luo Zheng's direction.
The weaker disciples of the Heaven Palace were surrounded in the center. The Indigo Souls, who could fight with the winning fish, were blocked outside.
When the formation was retracted and their backs were against the edge of the altar, the situation was finally alleviated.
Those ferocious winning fish came one after another, but as soon as they got close, they would be killed by everyone working together!
"Don't panic, everyone!"
"It's not like we don't have a fighting chance against these fish!"
"Since You Xiong Family won't let us leave, let's fight them!"
The elites of the Heavenly Palace were also very clear-headed. They cheered each other on, and everyone gradually regained their confidence.
"Junior Luo!"
One of them jumped onto the altar and shouted.
Luo Zheng also recognized the voice. It was Gao Qizheng.
"Senior Gao is here too," Luo Zheng said.
"I just came to watch the fun. Who knew that something like this would happen?" Gao Qizheng said gloomily.
Most of the disciples in the palace probably just wanted to watch the show, but Ji Hao couldn't rule out the possibility that they might want the soul crystal offered by You Xiong Family.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to Gao Qizheng's complaints. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace gathered into a group. As long as they could destroy the smoke wall, they would be fine. He said, "This smoke wall is very strange. If you have any ideas, you can come and try!"
Luo Zheng had already tried. Even though the Mind Sword was indestructible, it couldn't do anything to the smoke wall.
However, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace all came from different mountains. Naturally, they all had their own powers. Maybe someone cultivated a soul power that could break the smoke wall.
After saying that, Luo Zheng jumped down from the altar and came to the outer layer of the formation to help those disciples kill the fish.
"Let me!"
One of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace flew up and stood on the altar.
"It's Ye Shang!"
"The number one genius of Tai Mountain!"
"He might be as powerful as Mo Yijian, and his power is even higher than Mo Yijian's!"
At the moment, Ye Shang's soul emitted wisps of purple flame. His entire sun soul seemed to be burning. He slapped his hands on the wall, and the strange purple flame started burning on the wall.
This soul fire power was a unique soul power of Tai Mountain. Even in Tai Mountain, very few people could master it.
Under the burning of the soul fire, the wall only changed its color slightly, but still didn't change its nature.
Ye Shang tried a few times, but could only helplessly shake his head and jump down from the altar. "I can't break this wall!"
"Let me!"
"Me too!"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace took turns to fight, each performing their own unique skills.
While killing those fish, Luo Zheng was also paying attention to what was happening behind him. Seeing all kinds of strange soul power, he couldn't help but sigh.
As expected, the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace was congenitally deficient. On the surface, it seemed to be one of the three orthodoxies of the Human Tribe, but after all, it was pieced together by countless families. The Seven Great Mountains were all independent and had their own systems, which were not completely integrated.
On the other hand, the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan belonged to the same clan, and the same blood flowed in their veins. In many cases, they had advantages that the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace couldn't compare with.
The elite disciples who were confident that they could break through the wall had all taken turns to try, but all of them failed.
"We can't break this wall!"
"What should we do now?"
"We can't be trapped here forever, right?"
Winning fish kept pouring out of all the altars.
Although they worked together and killed a lot of fish, their soul power was limited after all. Although they all had Soul Elixirs to replenish their soul power, their Soul Elixirs would run out eventually.
If they stayed here forever, they would die eventually.
"Why don't we destroy the altars?" Suddenly, someone suggested.
The altars summoned by the You Xiong Clan had turned from illusion to reality. Ling Shuang and the others stepped on them. As long as a fish flew out of the altars, they would be killed instantly.
There were about 100 altars in this area. If they could destroy the altars, they could still fight.
"It's probably going to be difficult …"
The Soul Wizard Necklace on Ling Shuang's chest flashed, and the small soul sword floating around her slashed toward the altars.
Clang!
The small sword bounced off.
These altars were as strong as Divine Temples. Obviously, they couldn't destroy them.
Apart from Ling Shuang, a few other people tried, but the result was the same.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng frowned.
If his Sun Soul could leave the Nirvana Realm and return to the Nirvana Realm with his physical body, he should be able to smash these altars.
But if he could leave the Nirvana Realm, so could everyone else. He wouldn't have to work so hard …
Swish, swish, swish …
The fish in the distance suddenly flew up in a spiral and protected a Sun Soul. It was Ji Changjin.
"In your hearts, you still have a glimmer of hope that you can survive, right?" Ji Changjin said with a smile. "Then let me break your fantasy with my own hands. You will all become food for the fish!"

Chapter 2882
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Impulsiveness
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace all had looks of despair on their faces as they watched Ying Yu's body increase in size.
They had never heard of such a method and didn't know how to deal with it.
"I'll kill him!"
Mo Yijian, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly said.
Although everyone knew that the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan had joined hands to set up this trap, he was the cause of the whole thing.
Mo Yijian had been silent since the beginning. He just killed the Winning Fish without saying a word. He was under a lot of pressure.
Seeing that Ji Changjin was getting more and more arrogant, Mo Yijian couldn't stand it anymore.
Everything was caused by Ji Changjin. Apparently, the altar and the Winning Fish were also under his control.
Apart from destroying the altar or escaping from the wall, killing Ji Changjin was indeed another way. However, Ji Changjin was surrounded by the Winning Fish. How could he be killed so easily?
"Don't be impulsive, Junior Brother Yijian!"
"Ji Changjin must be on guard against us!"
"….."
Gao Qizheng and the others tried to persuade him.
But now, Mo Yijian simply could not listen to the persuasion of others. From the surface of his Yang soul, a cold aura was emitted.
Mo Yijian was childish. Although he was a little arrogant, he hadn't been angry since he came up the mountain. This time, he was really angry.
SWISH!
Mo Yijian's figure fluttered. Without any scruples, he went straight to Ji Changjin.
"Junior Brother Yijian!"
"He's going to die!"
"Someone go and get him back!"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace screamed.
No matter how powerful Mo Yijian's soul was, how could he survive the siege of so many Winning Fish?
WHOOSH!
Another person rushed out from the crowd.
That person was dashing forward, leaving a trail of purple flames behind him.
"Ye Shang?"
"Senior Brother Ye, what are you doing?"
Looking at Ye Shang's posture, he did not intend to drag Mo Yijian back. Instead, he wanted to assassinate Ji Changjin together with Mo Yijian!
"We'll die if we stay here. It's better to fight with our lives than to wait for death here!" Ye Shang said.
Those who could shine in the Heavenly Palace were definitely not afraid of death.
Both Ye Shang and Mo Yijian had been through life and death situations. Therefore, they often relied on their instincts to make such decisions.
"I'm going, too!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and was about to rush out like an arrow.
"Luo Zheng!"
Ling Shuang Ling...
"What?" Luo Zheng hesitated.
"Be careful …"
Ling Shuang did not choose to stop him. If Mo Yijian and Ye Shang died, none of them would be spared. If they really wanted to kill Ji Changjin, they had to seize an opportunity to show their strongest edge!
WHOOSH! WHOOSH!
WHOOSH!
Besides Luo Zheng, Ye Shang and Mo Yijian, two more people rushed out from the crowd. These two people were also Indigo Soul Masters. They came from Tai Xiu Mountain and Tai Ming Mountain respectively.
Ji Changjin looked at the five people flying over and revealed a proud smile on his face. He said indifferently, "A rabbit that's been forced into a corner? What a pity … "
He waved his hands slightly, pointing at Mo Yi in the front.
Like a gust of wind, the Victorious Fish rushed towards Mo Yijian.
These Victorious Fish were very tough. Normal methods wouldn't be able to break their scales. Moreover, there were thousands of them. They formed an impenetrable wall and rushed towards Mo Yijian.
Mo Yijian's face was cold. The aura of his Sun Soul became colder and colder. Even from a distance, he could feel it.
"Do you think … these can stop me?"
Mo Yijian flipped over. The Heart Thought Sword was like the leaves of a windmill, crazily revolving around him.
KA KA KA KA KA …
Any Victorious Fish that got close to Mo Yijian were crushed by the Heart Sword. He forced his way through the wall of Victorious Fish and rushed towards Ji Changjin.
"Heh …"
In the face of this scene, Ji Changjin was completely unmoved.
These Victorious Fish were the smaller ones that came out from the altar. He didn't think that these Victorious Fish would be able to kill these Heaven Palace Elites. The larger Victorious Fish came out from the altar and gathered behind Ji Changjin. These Victorious Fish weren't easy to deal with.
However, Ji Changjin neglected one thing. Mo Yijian's speed!
At this moment, Mo Yijian had sunk into a frenzied state. He was desperately urging his soul power. His entire body was like a sharp light, rushing towards Ji Changjin at an incredible speed.
KA KA …
Ye Shang, Luo Zheng, and two others rushed past the wall of Victorious Fish. When they saw Mo Yijian's speed, the four of them were stunned.
"Mo Yijian's speed … is so fast!"
"How did he do it?"
"He seems to be a little abnormal!"
Everyone on the Paramita Island wasn't looking with their eyes. They were sensing with their soul spirits.
Mo Yijian's soul spirit was getting colder and colder. His aura was like the sea of true intent, emitting a bone-chilling cold!
SWISH!
This speed wasn't just beyond the expectations of Luo Zheng and Ye Shang. Even Ji Changjin was stunned.
When Ji Changjin regained his senses, Mo Yijian was only 30 meters away from him!
Ji Changjin was dumbfounded at this moment. He finally had fear in his heart.
He wasn't completely powerless against Mo Yijian. However, this kid was putting his life on the line. How could he be willing to risk his life against Mo Yijian?
Ji Changjin only had one thought in his mind. Retreat!
WHOOSH!
However, his retreating speed was far slower than Mo Yijian's. The distance between the two of them was rapidly closing.
Luo Zheng, Ye Shang, and the rest hurried on their way while keeping an eye on the situation in front of them. A glimmer of hope flashed in their hearts, 'That brat won't be able to kill Ji Changjin, right?'
"Mind Sword!"
Mo Yijian's aura was getting colder and colder. An invisible Mind Sword started to gather again.
When the sword was about to hit Ji Changjin, the ground under Mo Yijian's feet suddenly cracked.
BOOM!
A vine suddenly extended from the ground. The surface of the vine was covered with sharp teeth. In an instant, it tightly wrapped around Mo Yijian.
Ji Changjin, who was constantly retreating, stopped abruptly. At the same time, he laughed and said, "Are you surprised? Don't forget, I'm not alone! "
This Trap Spell was the result of the cooperation of the elite disciples of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan. Ji Changjin only controlled the winning fish.
"Since you're so brave, I'll give you a quick death!" Ji Changjin waved his hand gently.
Those huge winning fish gathered from all directions and rushed toward Mo Yijian. In the blink of an eye, Mo Yijian was tightly surrounded.
"Junior Brother Yijian!"
"Mo Yijian!"
"Go and save him!"

Chapter 2883
Life Force
Ye Shang was the first to rush over, with Luo Zheng following closely behind.
Those huge fish were intertwined with each other, forming a huge "fish pillar". Mo Yijian was surrounded in the center of this pillar.
"Burn!"
"Feng!"
The purple Soul Fire roasted the fish.
Ye Shang's Soul Fire was very powerful. Although the huge winning fish had thick skin, under the burning of the Soul Fire, their bodies were constantly twisting and turning into charred black.
After the outer layer of winning fish were burned to death, Ye Shang removed the charred remains. The inside was still densely packed with winning fish, and Mo Yijian was wrapped in several layers!
Luo Zheng was the same.
It was much more difficult to kill these huge winning fish. They were many times stronger than before.
Even with the sharpness of the Mind Sword, Luo Zheng could only kill six of them …
Their hearts sank. Mo Yijian was probably beyond saving.
Not only that, but they also had to be wary of the winning fish and the strange vines that suddenly grew on the ground.
In fact, Ji Changjin did intend to kill Luo Zheng and the other four in one fell swoop. Apart from a portion of the winning fish attacking the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, the other half of the winning fish continued to gather, forming a huge encirclement.
In Ji Changjin's eyes, these guys who rushed out were no different from dead people.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a chill coming from the huge 'fish pillar'!
Ye Shang was still burning the winning fish with his Soul Fire, but when the chill came out, Ye Shang's Soul Fire was suddenly extinguished!
"So cold!"
The chill was too strong, a hundred times sharper than the Sea of True Intent. Even Luo Zheng and Ye Shang, two Indigo Soul Ranks, could not withstand it and could only retreat.
The winning fish on the 'fish pillar' were originally crazily squirming, but as the chill spread, they quickly stopped moving. The entire fish pillar was completely frozen, becoming a real pillar.
"Ka!"
"Cha!"
"Pa!"
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the fish pillar, and the giant fish began to shatter.
Ji Changjin's face was full of confusion as he looked at the pillar. He couldn't figure out what kind of method was used to freeze the winning fish in an instant.
Just as Ji Zhangjin was feeling extremely confused, the 'fish pillar' suddenly shattered. Ying Yu and the vines trapping Mo Yijian were all shattered into pieces. A faint blue light shot towards Ji Zhangjin!
"This is the Heart Thought Sword … but what's with this chill?"
The Heart Thought Sword was originally colorless, but the cold Qi it contained was too strong. This light blue cold Qi even outlined the shape of the Heart Thought Sword!
How could Ji Changjin have thought that something like this would happen?
In the face of the sudden attack, he was stunned for a moment. He took a deep breath and dodged to the side.
"Sou!"
The sharp beam brushed past Ji Changjin's arm. Ji Changjin felt his arm go numb and lost all feeling. His soul had been frostbitten!
"Mo Yijian!"
After Mo Yijian slashed with the sword, he fell from the sky and lay on the frozen bodies of the winning fish.
After being trapped by the vines and bitten by the winning fish, Mo Yijian's soul was damaged everywhere. Both of his arms were gone, and his body was full of holes. His soul was severely damaged.
Even in such a state, he was still able to slash out such a terrifying attack. Ye Shang and the others sighed in admiration.
Luo Zheng didn't have the time to check on Mo Yijian's situation.
No matter what kind of ability it was, Mo Yijian had frozen those winning fish. The price he had to pay for slashing with the sword was definitely not low.
Unfortunately, it was still a bit off and didn't kill Ji Changjin.
Seeing Ji Changjin flee to the side, how could Luo Zheng let go of this opportunity? Naturally, he followed closely.
After a short period of panic, Ji Changjin quickly calmed down.
The winning fish here completely obeyed his commands. This was his greatest advantage. Seeing Luo Zheng charge at him again, Ji Changjin willed the winning fish to stand between him and Luo Zheng. At the same time, another seed sprouted beneath Luo Zheng!
After Mo Yijian was entangled by the seed, he was immediately in a desperate situation. Luo Zheng had been on guard for a long time.
As the seed sprouted and grew, the vines extended towards him. The Heart Thought Sword suddenly circled around and sliced the vines in half.
But in this short delay, Ji Changjin had already pulled away from him.
Not only that, but the number of giant winning fish charging at Luo Zheng increased. If Luo Zheng hesitated for even a moment, he would be trapped!
"Right!"
"Ka ka ka!"
After killing a few giant winning fish, Luo Zheng had no choice but to give up on chasing Ji Changjin. He charged out from the right.
However, there were many winning fish here and they were densely packed. Just as Luo Zheng won some time to struggle at death's door, more winning fish chased after him.
"You want to kill me? You're courting death!"
Ji Changjin was now completely targeting Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng fought and retreated. After a few dodges, he was finally forced into a corner by the giant winning fish.
Behind him was a wall made of smoke and dust. There was no way to retreat!
Luo Zheng frowned and stared at the flapping wings of the winning fish. He gritted his teeth. In the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng had too few tricks up his sleeves. This time, he was afraid that he was really in a desperate situation!
He had never thought that he would end up in such a situation just because of watching a show.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The winning fish were getting closer and closer. Luo Zheng was still urging the Heart Thought Sword to attack continuously. However, the number of winning fish killed by the Heart Thought Sword was just a drop in the ocean.
"Sigh …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to give up, he suddenly felt a chill coming from his left side.
"What's that?"
There was a sword mark on the wall of smoke and dust. Around the sword mark, there was blue cold air. This was Mo Yijian's attack.
Mo Yijian's all-out attack did not hit Ji Changjin. It brushed past Ji Changjin's arm and actually crossed a few hundred feet before hitting the wall of smoke and dust!
"This wall is frozen …" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
Luo Zheng was not clear about the rules in the Nirvana Realm. However, in reality, everything would become brittle after being frozen.
Luo Zheng had no way out. Since he had this thought, he stuck close to the wall of smoke and dust and rushed toward the sword mark.
"Hua hua hua …"
Thousands of giant winning fish surged behind Luo Zheng. The path left for Luo Zheng was getting narrower and narrower.
"Ka!"
A winning fish flew over and bit his shoulder.
Luo Zheng felt the pain and released his soul power.
"Heart Thought Sword!"
As the white cyclone flashed past, three Heart Thought Swords shot out at the same time. They surrounded Luo Zheng and cleansed him. They killed many winning fish and forcibly opened up a small space.
He used this precious space to suddenly move and finally got close to the sword mark. However, as he moved, he was bitten by many winning fish.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng did not care about anything else. He used the Heart Thought Sword to attack the wall of smoke and dust.
"Ka ka ka …"

Chapter 2884
Luo Zheng was stunned by the big hole in the wall. He didn't expect that Mo Yijian's sword could cause such an effect.
Without any hesitation, he crawled out of the hole.
There were many disciples of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan outside the wall. When the wall of smoke and dust appeared, they couldn't help much and could only wait outside.
They didn't expect that there would be a hole in the wall and a person would crawl out of it.
"Didn't they say that the wall of smoke and dust couldn't be broken?"
"How could someone escape from it?"
"D * mn it, stop him!"
Ji Changjin's purpose was to annihilate all the elites of the Heaven Palace. They naturally wouldn't allow anyone to escape.
"Stop me? You're courting death! "
Luo Zheng revealed a trace of coldness.
Those who stayed outside were much weaker in soul cultivation.
Even if they were at the Indigo Soul Level like Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng had the ability to kill them, let alone these Yang Souls who hadn't reached the Indigo Soul Level.
Inside the wall, Luo Zheng and the others had been tormented by the winning fish. His heart had long been filled with anger. When he saw the Yang souls attacking him, a white cyclone appeared on the surface of his soul.
"Heart Thought Sword!"
The sharp Heart Thought Sword formed directly between Luo Zheng's eyebrows and shot forward.
The formless sword aura circled the air and killed the six people at the front. Among the six people, three of them were close to the Indigo Soul Rank!
The other You Xiong Family disciples behind Ji Hao were all stunned. This guy who crawled out from the smoke wall was way too terrifying. He killed six of them within a single move. Even if all of them combined their powers, they might not be able to rival him!
"Retreat!"
"Leave the Nirvana Realm!"
"Don't fight with this guy!"
The rest of the people either retreated quickly or left the Nirvana Realm directly.
Luo Zheng didn't chase after them. He didn't have the means to trap them now. If they left the Nirvana Realm, he couldn't do anything to them.
The key was that Ling Shuang and the others were still trapped in the wall of smoke. The giant winning fish summoned by Ji Changjin were not easy to deal with. He had to save them as soon as possible.
He looked at his feet. Although he had drilled out of the smoke wall, the blue light still flickered under his feet. Those Soul-entangling Threads had not disappeared!
Luo Zheng tried to leave the other side immediately but failed.
"Let's go to the temple first and find a way to deal with these Soul-entangling Threads." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
His fleshly body had already reached the Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, and when he changed his fleshly body and went to the Nirvana Realm, he would let the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan experience what real fear was.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's sun soul transformed into a sharp arrow and shot straight for the Heavenly Palace Divine Temple.
When the disciples of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan saw this, they didn't stop them.
The Divine Temple of Great Yi Heavenly Palace was now in a state of alert, and all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not dare to step out of the Divine Temple. Each and every one of them nervously guarded the entrance of the Divine Temple.
"Who are you? Show me your soul mark! "
When Luo Zheng approached Greater One Heavenly Palace, someone shouted at him.
No one could see Luo Zheng's appearance clearly, and they were afraid that Luo Zheng was a spy sent by the You Xiong Clan.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and waved it, showing the lines in his hand.
After the people of the Heavenly Palace checked it, they let Luo Zheng in. At the same time, several people surrounded Luo Zheng and asked him.
"What the hell happened?"
"Why did you come back alone?"
"Where's Ye Shang? He hasn't come back yet? He seems to be trapped in that wall too. "
Ji Changjin's plan was executed too suddenly, and no one escaped from the smoke wall. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace realized that something was wrong, but they didn't know what had happened inside the wall.
"Now is not the time to discuss this," Luo Zheng said coldly. "Help me find a way to get rid of these Soul-entangling Threads."
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace thought that Luo Zheng was timid and only wanted to return to the Mother World, and they all said, "You should make it clear first."
"Then we can come up with a way to save them."
"The temple is absolutely safe. They won't dare to come in. Don't be too timid!"
These disciples of the Heavenly Palace actually thought that Luo Zheng was in a hurry to leave because he was afraid.
"Timid?"
Luo Zheng sneered and grabbed one of them.
Although that person was also an Indigo Soul Rank, under the oppression of Luo Zheng's aura, he couldn't resist at all.
"It wasn't easy for me to escape from there just to save them. Do you think I can count on a bunch of useless people hiding in the temple?" Luo Zheng scolded angrily. "Tell me the way to get rid of the Soul-entangling Threads."
Only then did that person say, "In, in the Soul Cleansing Room. It can get rid of all negative states."
"Take me there," Luo Zheng ordered.
After that person took Luo Zheng away, the group of people in the temple began to discuss.
"Is this guy scared?"
"Look at him. I'm afraid he won't dare to come to the Mother World again."
"He only cares about himself. He's too selfish. There are so many elites of the Heavenly Palace trapped in that wall. If they die, the Heavenly Palace will suffer a great loss. Sigh!"
The rest of the people sighed. In this situation, they really couldn't help much.
Luo Zheng was brought all the way to the Soul Cleansing Room. As soon as he stepped into the room, the lines on the wall lit up.
As the light kept flickering, Luo Zheng saw the Soul-entangling Threads under his feet quickly dimming and disappearing.
When the Soul-entangling Threads completely disappeared, Luo Zheng used the Illusion Breaking Spell and left the Mother World. His consciousness returned to his room.
The moment he opened his eyes, a flame spread out from his body and enveloped him completely. His physical body returned to the Mother World again.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as he entered the Mother World, he flew towards the three temples. On the way, he passed by the You Xiong Clan's imposing Giant Bear statue. He didn't even try to avoid it. His whole body crashed into it.
"Boom!"
This Giant Bear statue, which had stood at the entrance of the temple for countless years, was directly destroyed by Luo Zheng. It fell to the ground with a loud crash.
"Who is it!"
"How dare you destroy the statue of the You Xiong Clan!"
"Did he eat a bear's heart or a leopard's gall?"
In front of the You Xiong Clan's temple, a few Yang souls rushed out.
Luo Zheng didn't even look at them. As he ran, he suddenly kicked. Some flying stones shot towards the entrance of the temple like arrows.
The strength of the physical body was much stronger than the strength of the soul. Just a casual kick was far more powerful than the strongest strength of an Indigo Soul. When those flying stones flew over, most of them were directly embedded in the pillars of the temple. If they hit the Yang souls, their souls would be directly scattered.
This wasn't because Luo Zheng was bloodthirsty. After all, the You Xiong Clan had racked their brains to trap and kill the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. If it wasn't for Mo Yijian's shocking sword attack, Luo Zheng would have been fed to Ying Yu.

Chapter 2885
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Real power!
Ji Changjin was really surprised by Luo Zheng's escape.
He hadn't expected that Mo Yijian's sword would make the wall brittle and leave a big hole in it.
But Ji Changjin didn't care about this. After all, only one person had escaped, so it was insignificant. As for the hole, it was blocked by the Divine Farmer Clan.
What really surprised Ji Changjin was the disciples of the Heaven Palace who had been trapped by him. They had shown amazing strength in the face of death.
When Luo Zheng had been trapped, Ye Shang had carried the dying Mo Yijian on his back.
Because Luo Zheng had involved a large number of winning fish, Ye Shang and the others had been able to escape. But when they saw Luo Zheng had been forced into a corner by the winning fish, they were quite depressed. The five of them had not only failed to kill Luo Zheng, but they had also killed him.
Ye Shang took Mo Yijian back to the other side, and the rest of them leaned against the wall again.
"Luo Zheng … was swallowed by the winning fish?" Gao Qizheng heard Ye Shang's words and couldn't believe it.
The other elite disciples were also surprised.
"He was too impulsive …"
"Alas, he just left first. I'm afraid we can't escape."
"Those big winning fish are coming."
Only one of the five people who had rushed out had died, and he had almost killed Ji Changjin. This was an acceptable result. But it was a pity that the situation couldn't be turned around.
When the rest of them gathered again, they started to use their trump cards.
But these winning fish were different from before. They were not only big, but also had amazing defensive power. It was quite difficult to kill them with only Soul Power.
As the number of winning fish increased, the rest of them were under more and more pressure. Soon, there were casualties, and their morale started to decline rapidly.
"It's over, it's over …"
"I didn't expect to die in the Paramita Realm like this!"
"I don't want to die like this!"
Ling Shuang's eyes lit up when she heard those discouraging words.
Among the rest of them, only Ling Shuang knew that Luo Zheng hadn't died. Not only had he not died, but he had also rushed out of the wall.
Back then, she had left a mark in Luo Zheng's soul. She could clearly sense Luo Zheng's location!
However, Ling Shuang didn't know which layer of heaven Luo Zheng's physical body was at. If he could drive his physical body back to the other side, the current crisis might be resolved.
However, when she saw that everyone wanted to give up, she was also very hesitant.
There were only a few people in the Heavenly Palace who knew that Luo Zheng's physical body had entered the Nirvana Realm. She didn't want to reveal this.
After thinking for a while, Ling Shuang said, "Don't be too pessimistic, everyone. Our Heavenly Palace still has powerful reinforcements!"
"Powerful reinforcements?"
"We're already in such dire straits, how could there be any strong reinforcements?"
"Unless our elders forced the You Xiong Family to stop, but the You Xiong Family has been thriving these years. Clearly, they planned this long ago …"
A considerable portion of the elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace were trapped here, and the powerhouses of the Desire Realm were unable to return to the Color Realm. They couldn't count on those elders to rescue them. This place was isolated and helpless.
"There must be reinforcements, I promise," Ling Shuang said with certainty.
Ling Shuang noticed that Luo Zheng had already left the Nirvana Realm. His movements were so fast that he probably changed his physical body and returned to the other side. Although everyone felt that Ling Shuang's idea was very naive, their morale was still boosted to a certain extent.
Although everyone's desire to survive was strong, it was still difficult to fight against these winning fish head-on.
The number of winning fish in the altar inside the wall almost doubled, and the winning fish spread over in a long line.
Ye Shang and the others tried their best to kill a batch of winning fish, but even more winning fish came one after another. It was impossible to kill all of them …
"Ah … My hand!"
Someone screamed as his arm was swallowed by the winning fish.
"Help, help!"
Another unfortunate person was dragged out by the winning fish. In an instant, he was surrounded by hundreds of winning fish, and his Yang soul was completely devoured.
More and more people died in the mouths of the winning fish, and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were in chaos again. Once the formation collapsed, it sped up their deaths.
Accompanied by a series of miserable screams, more than ten people were held back by the winning fish!
Seeing that the front was getting more and more chaotic, Ling Shuang's face darkened. She immediately grabbed the soul necklace with both hands.
Weng!
Azure light blossomed from the Soul Oracle Necklace, and a unique aura was contained within the light. As soon as this aura was released, the Victorious Fish suddenly became restless, and they quickly retreated.
"This necklace is so magical. I must get my hands on it!"
Ji Changjin also felt the aura, and a look of surprise appeared on his face.
Out of fear, those winning fish actually broke free from his control for a short period of time!
However, the ability of the soul necklace could not be used without limit. This aura only lasted for ten breaths of time before it started to fade. The light of the soul necklace also dimmed significantly, and even the small sword could not be summoned.
When this aura faded, the winning fish that had retreated rushed over again.
This time, most of them gave up on resisting.
Since they were going to die anyway, it would be a joke to continue resisting.
Ling Shuang sat on the steps of the altar and pursed her lips. Her heart was filled with doubts. Could it be that she was wrong? Did Luo Zheng really escape? Or was it because his physical body had not reached the fourth Celestial Layer, so he could not make it in time?
This question would probably remain unanswered even until death. Ling Shuang's face was filled with loneliness, but no one could see it.
Just as everyone sank into despair, they suddenly heard a rustling sound, followed by the sound of cloth being torn apart.
Everyone looked over and saw a strange crack on the left side of the altar!
A pair of hands tore open the crack, and at the same time, it continued to expand. Then, a person came in!
Their soul consciousness could clearly sense that this person was not a soul, but a physical body!
"Who is he?"
"Why did a physical body come in?"
"Wasn't there a rumor before? Someone entered the Sea of True Intent with a physical body. Could it really be this person? "
Although everyone was confused, they did not know whether this person was a friend or foe.
These people from the Celestial Palace had already lost their will to fight. Ji Changjin was about to command the winning fish to deal a fatal blow to the disciples of the Celestial Palace when he suddenly discovered this unforeseen event. Before he could ask, he saw that person stepping on the altar.
Boom!
With just a stomp, one of the winning fish's altars was shattered into pieces …
The winning fish that came out of this altar instantly lost their flesh and bones, and dissolved in the air.
"What are you doing!" Ji Changjin was very anxious and hurriedly shouted.
The You Xiong Clan had unintentionally communicated with the Winning Fish Clan in the Paramita Realm, and that was how they obtained these altars. Every altar was incomparably precious. Ji Changjin had never thought that someone would be able to destroy them!
How could that person care about Ji Changjin? He leaped into the air and landed on the second altar, stomping down with both feet.
Boom!
The second altar suddenly shattered, and at the same time, many winning fish lost their flesh and bones.

Chapter 2886
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Crushing
Ji Changjin looked at the broken altars, and his heart was bleeding.
The altars were not Sun Souls, and they could leave the Nirvana Realm at will. Ji Changjin had set up the altars here, and it would take a lot of effort to retrieve them.
These altars were the painstaking efforts of the You Xiong Clan. At least in the Nirvana Realm, using these altars, the You Xiong Clan could suppress any superpower.
"Stop him!" Ji Changjin shouted.
The people of the Divine Farmer Clan took action. Seeds took root, sprouted, and spread out countless vines toward Luo Zheng.
The power of these vines was not weak, and those Sun Souls could not break free after being entangled.
SWISH! SWISH! SWISH!
In the blink of an eye, the green vines wrapped Luo Zheng tightly.
The disciples of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace were full of expectation when they saw that person showing his great power. Seeing that person entangled by the vines, they all looked worried. If that person was entangled by the vines, it would be troublesome.
SWISH!
In a breath's time, the vines entangled Luo Zheng were all torn apart.
He jumped up again and stepped on the altars.
BOOM!
BOOM!
"Boom …"
One by one, the altars were crushed by Luo Zheng.
He walked half a circle around the wall, and more than a hundred Winning Fish altars had been broken.
Ji Changjin no longer cared about killing the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. He mobilized the remaining Winning Fish and turned them into a fierce torrent that rushed toward Luo Zheng.
"D * mn guy, tear him apart!" Ji Changjin's face was full of hatred.
Today's plan had been going smoothly. How could such a guy appear out of nowhere? Then everything was over. How could this be?
Those Winning Fish were a great threat to Sun Souls. Even Luo Zheng's Sun Soul could not withstand the bites of the Winning Fish. But how could his body be afraid of these things? In Luo Zheng's eyes, these Winning Fish were just low-level Ferocious Beasts.
Facing those Winning Fish, Luo Zheng's body began to vibrate slightly. Under the high-speed vibration, anything that came into contact with Luo Zheng's body was shattered.
This was just a relatively elementary skill of the Power Divine Path. It was useless against powerhouses of the Nirvana Realm in the Mother World, but it was too easy to deal with these Winning Fish.
Luo Zheng leaped into the air and charged into the thousands of fish.
.. Winning Fish that Fish that came into contact with Luo Zheng were turned into a bloody mist in the blink of an eye.
"What kind of skill is that?"
"How terrifying!"
"With this person's strength, wouldn't he be able to do whatever he wanted in the Nirvana Realm?"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace watched this scene with their mouths agape. They could not understand Luo Zheng's means at all.
BAM! Bam!
Wherever Luo Zheng's Nirvana Realm body went, the Winning Fish turned into a bloody mist.
In less than ten breaths of time, the giant Winning Fish in the wall were all killed.
Although there were still giant Winning Fish coming out of the mirrors on the surrounding altars, the speed at which they were replenished could not catch up with Luo Zheng's killing speed.
Ling Shuang sat on the steps of the altar. Her tense heart finally relaxed, and a gratified expression appeared on her face.
In fact, Luo Zheng's Nirvana Realm body had a lot of room to use. However, after Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, he had been obsessed with improving his cultivation. Today, he finally put it to good use.
Luo Zheng used his Nirvana Realm body to destroy these Winning Fish and continued to target the altars.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
When the last altar was crushed, all of the winning fish disappeared without a trace.
Ji Changjin stood below and stared blankly at Luo Zheng walking towards him.
"Who … are you?" Ji Changjin asked weakly.
Luo Zheng lowered his voice and replied faintly, "You don't have the right to know."
He did not want to expose his identity for the time being.
Although after he escaped from the wall and reappeared in his Nirvana Realm body, some people would suspect him. However, there was no evidence after all.
"No matter who you are, offending the You Xiong Clan will lead to your death in the end. Hahaha …" Ji Changjin laughed.
It was indeed incredible to enter the Nirvana Realm with his Nirvana Realm body. However, what could one person do? Ji Changjin was originally in a bad mood, but now he became arrogant again. "If you are willing to join the You Xiong Clan, I promise you will achieve great things. What do you think?"
"Join you?" Luo Zheng lowered his voice and pondered over his words.
"What do you think?" Ji Changjin looked at Luo Zheng's reaction and had a glimmer of hope in his heart.
"Nothing," Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"That's a pity …" Ji Changjin shook his head. "I will remember what happened today. The world is big, but the Nirvana Realm is small. Sooner or later, I will see you again …"
As he spoke, Ji Changjin was about to leave the Nirvana Realm.
Even if he was in such a disadvantageous situation, Ji Changjin was not too afraid.
He could come and go freely in the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng could not trap him there. He could return to his mother world at any time.
Just as Ji Changjin's Sun Soul was gradually blurring, Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "I'm afraid we won't have the chance to meet again …"
"What …" Ji Changjin was shocked.
Behind him, a Sun Soul approached quietly. It was Ye Shang himself.
The Sun Soul investigated everything in the Nirvana Realm with Divine Sense. However, Ye Shang had a secret technique to hide his aura.
The Soul Fire on his body emitted a gloomy green light without any heat. It was this Soul Fire that caused him to enter the state of stealth.
"Hua!"
Ye Shang scattered a handful of blue sand.
"Soul-breaking Sand!"
This Soul-breaking Sand was the same as Soul-entangling Silk. They could both prevent the Sun Soul from leaving the Nirvana Realm. However, the You Xiong Clan used Soul-entangling Silk, while the Heavenly Palace used Soul-breaking Sand. Both had their advantages.
The Soul-breaking Sand stained the surface of Ji Changjin's soul. Specks of blue particles emitted light. Ji Changjin's originally blurred Sun Soul gradually became clear.
At this moment, Ji Changjin was truly afraid. He frantically chanted the Illusion Breaking Incantation, wanting to break out of this illusory Nirvana Realm.
However, the specks of Soul-breaking Sand were like nails, firmly nailing him to the Nirvana Realm. Every time he chanted the Illusion Breaking Incantation, the light emitted by the Soul-breaking Sand became denser.
"Continue chanting. Let's see if you can escape from here." Ye Shang smiled as he walked over.
After realizing that he could not escape, Ji Changjin finally became fearful. He flew backwards. This time, it was his turn to escape back to the temple.
However, how could Luo Zheng let him go?
He took a big stride forward and caught up to Ji Changjin. He reached out his hand and grabbed him lightly. Like an eagle grabbing a chick, he lifted him up.
Ji Changjin immediately launched a counterattack. His Soul Strength suddenly exploded. Two grey crescent moons, one on the left and one on the right, cut towards Luo Zheng like scissors. However, how could Luo Zheng's physical body be damaged by an Indigo Soul?
"Ka ka!"

Chapter 2887
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Be merciful
Ji Changjin's full-power attack failed to do any harm to Luo Zheng's body. He finally fell into despair.
Luo Zheng slightly tightened his hand and was about to crush Ji Changjin's soul when Ye Shang hurriedly said, "Don't kill him!"
This dispute started because of Ji Changjin, and Ji Changjin used the excuse that Mo Yijian had killed his younger brother.
Everyone could tell that You Xiong Family was just using this as a pretense to kill a large number of elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
This would definitely cause a conflict between the Heavenly Palace and You Xiong Family. As long as Ji Changjin didn't die, the Heavenly Palace would be able to get strong evidence.
Under Ye Shang's order, Luo Zheng naturally stopped.
However, right at this moment, Ji Changjin's sun soul suddenly twisted. His body straightened, and he let out a series of weird screams.
"Crack!"
The entire sun soul was torn apart in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at this scene blankly and said, "I didn't kill him. How did he …"
"He was killed." Ye Shang frowned and said, "It should be the people around him who killed him."
No matter if it was the soul or the body, it was a special state. No matter if it was the body or the soul, it was still somewhere in the mother world.
The trap set by You Xiong Family had been broken, and the others had all escaped back to the real world. Now, Ji Changjin still couldn't go back. Something must have happened.
Some powerful beings could use the souls of their juniors to spy. When the powerful beings of You Xiong Family found that Ji Changjin was captured, they naturally killed him immediately.
"Damn it." Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and said.
"Eh? Your voice … "Ye Shang glanced at Luo Zheng weirdly.
Except for Ling Shuang, the others didn't know Luo Zheng's identity. Earlier, Luo Zheng lowered his voice, so they didn't recognize him.
Luo Zheng was a bit upset. He actually forgot that Ye Shang's name sounded familiar.
Fortunately, Ye Shang didn't associate Luo Zheng with this person. Luo Zheng cleared his throat and lowered his voice again, "I didn't expect You Xiong Family to be so decisive …"
At this moment, Ye Shang saluted Luo Zheng and said, "May I know your name? Thank you for saving us this time."
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "You can call me Tianxing."
It was rare to see someone with the surname Luo in the Heavenly Palace. Luo Zheng.
Ye Shang nodded and memorized this name.
At this time, the other people of the Heavenly Palace swarmed up and surrounded Luo Zheng. Many of them asked questions.
To To Luo Zheng. She. Luo Zheng to. she chose to to Ye Tianxing, Translations. Luo Zheng, she. Luo Zheng a lot to. Yu Translation to Lun Translation Translations to to's Translations Translations to to ''s's. to Yi Liu to Translations to Translations to To to the Nnnnnnnnnnesss Her She To Zheng to Her of To To' Translations..
"Alright, you can go back to the temple first." Luo Zheng was a bit troubled by these people.
This time, many disciples of the Heavenly Palace died. Some of them had their souls bitten by Ying Yu, especially Mo Yijian. He was still in a coma. They couldn't waste too much time here.
Under Luo Zheng's persuasion, they all went back to the temple.
Ling Shuang stood where she was. After they left, she came up and asked, "What's next? What's your plan? "
Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the temple. He sneered and said, "Of course, we'll tear down their temple!"
"Tear down the temple!" Ling Shuang's eyes shone. Luo Zheng's plan was too crazy.
"Follow me." Luo Zheng walked towards the temple of You Xiong Family while speaking.
Luo Zheng had the idea of tearing down the temple of You Xiong Family long ago. However, the Heavenly Palace and You Xiong Family got along peacefully. He didn't want to cause too much trouble for the Heavenly Palace.
This time, since they had offended each other openly, he had no more concerns.
"Okay!"
Ling Shuang wasn't that hesitant. Since Luo Zheng had made up his mind, she would do her best to accompany him.
…
…
There were many things happening in the Nirvana Realm. The Heavenly Palace wasn't peaceful either.
So many elites of the Heavenly Palace were trapped and their lives were hanging by a thread. If they really died, it would be a great loss for the Heavenly Palace.
Moreover, there were many disciples of the Heavenly Palace among them. As soon as this incident happened, the disciples of the temple had returned to the Mother World and reported it to their elders in each mountain.
The powerhouses of the Seven Mountains gathered together to discuss how to deal with this incident.
Qiu Yinhe and the others also showed up.
At first, the powerhouses of the Seven Mountains thought this was a signal of war between the You Xiong Family and the Heavenly Palace. However, this incident didn't match their judgment.
This kind of war between superpowers could be said to be a case of a single move triggering the whole situation. If the You Xiong Family and the Divine Farmer Clan intended to attack the Heavenly Palace, they would definitely attack the Taiyi Heavenly Palace in full force. They wouldn't show up with their disciples. This was simply beating the grass and alerting the snake.
As more and more news came out from the Four Heavens of the Nirvana Realm, the powerhouses of the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace roughly understood that this incident was to use Mo Yijian as an excuse to kill the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
The You Xiong Family was getting stronger and stronger. They used an excuse to eradicate a group of elites of the Heavenly Palace. The Taiyi Heavenly Palace didn't dare to start a full-scale war. Moreover, they could shirk the responsibility completely. After all, Mo Yijian took the initiative to challenge the You Xiong Family. The You Xiong Family wanted to avenge their disciples.
In fact, it didn't matter whether Mo Yijian killed Ji Changjin's brother or not. What was important was that they had an excuse, and the Heavenly Palace couldn't do anything to the You Xiong Family.
Within a couple of hours, powerful beings of the seven mountains had tried to contact the You Xiong Family through all kinds of channels, but none of the messages they got back were good.
Some of them didn't give any details, and some didn't even pay any attention to them. Some messages even came back, accusing the Taiyi Heavenly Palace of not being strict with their disciples and hurting the direct descendants of the You Xiong Family!
All powerful beings living on the seven mountains of the Heaven Palace were infuriated as well. The few mountain masters were so furious that they even wanted to attack You Xiong Family, especially Elder Ying. After all, her most beloved granddaughter was involved in this mess.
While the group of powerful beings were discussing, more messages came back.
"Report! Disciples of the divine temple sent back a message. Most of the elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace have escaped safely! "
Hearing this, the group of powerful beings paused for a second, then showed a delightful look on their faces.
Judging from the information they gathered before, the elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace might not be able to escape death. Therefore, the group of powerful beings tried to persuade the You Xiong Family to spare their lives, and they almost begged for mercy.
"It seems that the You Xiong Family still gave in."
"Let out a sigh of relief …"
"I hope the kids are safe."
While the group of powerful beings were celebrating, another message came back. This time, it was from the You Xiong Family.
"Report! News from the You Xiong Family! "
A mountain master of the Taiyi Gold Mountain said, "Speak! What news? "
"They are begging the Heavenly Palace to spare their lives. Don't tear down their divine temple," answered the messenger.

Chapter 2888
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Tearing Everything Down
Even the messenger had a baffled look on his face, completely unable to comprehend the meaning behind those words.
What did he mean by tearing down the temple?
It was not easy to build a temple in the Nirvana Realm, and it was also difficult to tear it down.
He couldn't think of anyone in the Heavenly Palace who could tear down a temple.
The mountain masters and the powerhouses in the Heavenly Palace didn't look any better.
Just now, the You Xiong Family was indifferent. Now, they were asking them to be merciful.
"Who sent the message?" Qiu Yinhe asked.
"The Fire Walker of the You Xiong Family," the messenger answered.
The You Xiong Family had the Five Elements Envoys, who had high positions in the You Xiong Family.
"What does that mean?"
"Is someone really tearing down the temple of the You Xiong Family?"
"Heh, heh, that's great!"
"There are many restrictive spells in the temple. How could ordinary people tear it down?"
The mountain masters were also talking about it, but they were quite happy.
After all, the You Xiong Family had just attacked the elite disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Now, they were getting their retribution.
Qiu Yinhe thought for a while, then said to the messenger, "You Xiong Family, we don't know who is tearing down the temple. We will give you an answer after we figure it out!"
"Yes, sir!"
After receiving the order, the flower-bearer quickly left the Great Meeting Hall.
…
…
After Ji Changjin's failure, the other people of the You Xiong Family and the Divine Farmer Clan either left the Nirvana Realm or went back to the temple.
In their eyes, the temple was absolutely safe.
It was not an easy task to take down a temple.
After the You Xiong Family defeated the Jiuli Tribe, the people of the Jiuli Tribe went their separate ways and changed their names. Only a few people were guarding the temple of the Jiuli Tribe. The You Xiong Family and the Divine Farmer Clan fought for a long time before they finally took it down. The whole process was very difficult.
Now, the You Xiong Family had a strong army. Once the temple was attacked by outsiders, a large number of people would go back to the temple. With the restrictive spells in the temple, which superpower dared to attack the temple?
Like the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, many people of the You Xiong Family stood in front of the gate and watched.
"Why did Ji Changjin fail?"
"Didn't you say that it would be foolproof?"
"God knows what happened inside. It seems like someone tore the wall apart with their bare hands!"
"How could there be such an expert in the Color Realm? I don't believe it …"
While You Xiong Family people were watching, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang walked over.
Ling Shuang walked a little slower, and she was already prepared.
With Luo Zheng's physical body here, no one would dare to provoke him. However, Ling Shuang was only an Indigo Soul Rank. She would still be in danger. If she encountered any trouble, Ling Shuang could just retreat from the Nirvana Realm.
"Someone's coming!"
"That fellow …"
"That's not a soul! What's going on? "
Many You Xiong Family people didn't realize what was happening, but seeing Luo Zheng rush over aggressively, many of them left the other side just to be safe. Some of them hid in the divine temple, but some stayed by the gate.
As Luo Zheng approached, the few who stayed by the gate cupped their hands to Luo Zheng and said politely, "My friend, I didn't know that you would come to our You Xiong Family …"
Before they finished, Luo Zheng flashed across the air and kicked towards a column in front of the divine temple.
There were four columns in front of the gate of You Xiong Family. Each column was so thick that it would take ten people to wrap their arms around it. However, Luo Zheng directly broke a column in half and sent pieces of rock flying everywhere. The few You Xiong Family people in front of the gate had no choice but to dodge.
Boom!
Luo Zheng's second kick broke the first column.
"Mister, do you know that our You Xiong Family is the most …" A You Xiong Family man tried his best to suppress the fear in his heart and warned Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng didn't even want to talk to him. Instead, he turned around and kicked towards the third column.
According to what You Xiong Family people had done to the Heaven Palace, Luo Zheng could totally kill this bunch of noisy people. However, Luo Zheng restrained himself.
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Over and over again, the four columns in front of the divine temple were all broken, and the roof of the divine temple collapsed.
Those few You Xiong Family people were afraid that they might be crushed under the roof, so they all backed out.
After tearing down the front gate, Luo Zheng rushed straight into the divine temple.
He wasn't a You Xiong Family member, so he didn't have a special mark. But when he stepped into the divine temple, the seals of the divine temple were all activated.
On the ground not far away, a dozen or so hidden compartments suddenly flipped over and shot out pure white rays of light. Those were the Soul Cleansing Light.
Most divine temples were equipped with soul-cleansing light beams. Even indigo souls would be turned into ashes within a moment if they were swept across by these soul-cleansing light beams. Therefore, breaking into a strange divine temple would cost a lot. Normally, no one would be willing to break into a divine temple.
However, how could Luo Zheng's body be afraid of soul-cleansing light beams?
Those light beams illuminated Luo Zheng's body, making it snow-white, but he didn't make any reaction.
Ling Shuang stood outside the divine temple. Of course, she wouldn't come in. She was waiting for Luo Zheng to break all the seals in the divine temple.
Crack! Crack! Crack!
Crack! Luo Zheng flashed across the divine temple and destroyed all the hidden compartments. All the soul-cleansing light beams were gone as well.
Next, he turned his attention to the main pillars that supported the divine temple. Once these pillars were destroyed, the entire divine temple would collapse.
While Luo Zheng was destroying the divine temple, a great disturbance had been raised in You Xiong Family.
Messengers of five elements were all furious!
"Water Walker, this is all your bad idea! Killing a few elite warriors of the Heaven Palace won't affect the overall situation at all! "
"Now, even the divine temple is going to be destroyed. What a great shame!"
"Fire Walker, haven't the Heaven Palace given us an explanation yet?"
In the hall, the Fire Walker cupped his hands and said, "We have sent back the message. The Heaven Palace doesn't know anything. They are investigating this too."
"Only ghosts will believe that!" Gold Walker sneered, "Tell the Heaven Palace that if they don't stop tearing down the divine temple, we will kill our way to the Heaven Palace!"
"This …" Fire Walker threw a glance at Gold Walker and said, "Do you think the Heaven Palace people are three-year-old kids?"
The conflicts that happened in the fourth layer of the sky were nothing but normal conflicts. Even if both sides were extremely angry, they would restrain themselves and only take revenge to a certain extent. If two large families started an all-out war, too many things would be involved. Killing the Heaven Palace people out of anger could be talked about in You Xiong Family, but it would be a joke to scare people.
"What should we do now?" Water Walker said anxiously.
The divine temple in the fourth layer of the sky was the first stop for You Xiong Family people after they arrived at the Nirvana Realm. Even if they had reached the thirteenth layer of the sky, they still needed to return to the divine temple often. If the divine temple was completely destroyed, it would be a great loss to You Xiong Family.

Chapter 2889
Give in
Just as the You Xiong Clan's Five Elemental Envoys were still worried, Luo Zheng had already arrived at the central hall.
There was a wall on one side of the central hall. On this wall, there was a huge bear statue. The statue was extremely exquisite.
Luo Zheng looked at it for a while, then walked over and pressed his hand against the wall.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to destroy the wall, a person behind him said, "You can't destroy this wall …"
The person who spoke was an indigo soul level man. He suddenly appeared in the temple. He should be a member of the You Xiong Clan.
"What right do you have to stop me?" Luo Zheng turned his head and sneered.
"I just can't!"
As that person spoke, he pounced towards Luo Zheng.
Why would Luo Zheng care about a mere indigo soul? With a wave of his hand, that person flew to one side and smashed into the wall on the other side.
Luo Zheng had held back in this attack. Otherwise, it would have directly shaken his Yang Soul into ashes.
Following which, Luo Zheng pressed his right hand against the wall. Fly!
"Ka!"
The entire wall was shattered.
The surface of the wall cracked, revealing rows of hidden compartments.
There were a total of 13 rows of hidden compartments. In each of these compartments, there was a nirvana token!
In particular, the three Nirvana Realm Tokens on the thirteenth row were extremely eye-catching. The first one was a golden calf sculpture, the second one was a dark green diamond-shaped gem, and the third one was a pair of curved monster feet.
From left to right, Luo Zheng counted in his heart. From the 1st Heaven to the 13th Heaven, there were more than 100 nirvana tokens.
"You can't touch those nirvana tokens! They belong to our You Xiong Clan! "Two more people appeared behind Luo Zheng and shouted.
Like the Heavenly Palace, the You Xiong Clan would also collect a large number of nirvana tokens and distribute them to their clansmen. These nirvana tokens were stored in these walls. The You Xiong Clan didn't expect Luo Zheng to barge into the temple. They didn't have time to take these nirvana tokens away.
"It's all mine now," Luo Zheng said with a chuckle.
These Nirvana tokens must be precious. Luo Zheng might not need them, but he could trade them.
However, in his physical state, he did not have a Sumeru Space. Storing these Nirvana tokens was a problem. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng called Ling Shuang along.
When the two of them saw that Luo Zheng really wanted to take away the Nirvana tokens, they became anxious and rushed towards Luo Zheng again without any regard for their own safety.
Luo Zheng was getting impatient. These guys would keep pestering him if he didn't teach them a lesson.
"Puff, puff!"
This time, Luo Zheng's attack was a bit heavier. Although he didn't kill anyone, the two's Yang Souls had suffered heavy injuries.
In the dark corners of the divine temple, many You Xiong Family people had been watching this. They were all dispirited.
They more or less knew that Luo Zheng was here for revenge. After all, their You Xiong Family had been the first to attack the Heavenly Palace. They had actually summoned such an evil star. They could only swallow the bitterness in their hearts.
For safety reasons, Luo Zheng still didn't call Ling Shuang in.
He clasped his hands into the bottom of the wall and exerted his strength. He actually dug the wall up from the ground and carried it on his shoulder. Step by step, he walked out of the divine temple.
"This guy …"
"Damn it, entering the Nirvana Realm with his physical body is too terrifying!"
"We can't fight against him at all!"
Luo Zheng walked to Ling Shuang step by step. Only then did he take the wall off his shoulder. He smiled and said, "Put it away!"
Ling Shuang smiled gently. Her Yang Soul danced around the wall. A blue square frame appeared on her slender fingers. Those Nirvana tokens were all put into the square frame.
"This is a big harvest!" Ling Shuang was in a good mood.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "There will be an even bigger harvest. Just you wait …"
At this moment, a person rushed over from the divine temple of the Heavenly Palace. At the same time, he shouted, "Wait, wait …"
Luo Zheng glanced at that person and asked, "What's the matter?"
That person approached Luo Zheng and said in a low voice, "Senior Qiu, he asked you to stop tearing it down."
Luo Zheng frowned.
Nearly half of the divine temple of the You Xiong Family had been torn down. He planned to tear down the remaining half as well. However, Qiu Yinhe actually wanted to stop him now … Either the You Xiong Family had pressured the Heavenly Palace, or they had promised some conditions.
"Then I won't tear it down," Luo Zheng smiled and said.
The person who delivered the message was stunned. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to really listen to Qiu Yinhe.
In the eyes of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, this person who had entered the Nirvana Realm with his physical body was probably not someone the Heavenly Palace could control. Qiu Yinhe probably asked him to deliver the message just to test it out. He didn't expect him to trust Qiu Yinhe so much. What was the relationship between him and Qiu Yinhe?
"But I will definitely get what I need," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
These hundreds of Nirvana tokens were not important to Luo Zheng. In the future, he would find a way to exchange them for soul pills and soul crystals.
Logically speaking, there should be a lot of soul crystals in the divine temple of the You Xiong Family. He didn't care whether the divine temple was torn down or not, but he had to get the soul crystals!
At present, it seemed that the indigo soul was not the limit of the soul. In the future, when he crossed the color realm and stepped into the desire realm, he would definitely need more soul crystals!
…
…
Mother World, in a hall somewhere in the Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
A disciple of the Heavenly Palace sat in the center of the hall, and many mountain lords were waiting for this disciple to wake up.
"I don't think that kid will listen to Qiu Yinhe …"
"Since his physical body has entered the Nirvana Realm, he must be fearless. Sigh, I hope he can hold back!"
"I didn't expect the You Xiong Family to make such a big concession!"
There was a trace of worry on the faces of the mountain lords.
Just now, the You Xiong Family sent another message that they could order the Jinwu to leave the Guanshan Prefecture.
The Jinwu and the Heavenly Palace had been fighting for many years in the Guanshan Prefecture, and it had always been a headache for the Heavenly Palace.
When the Jinwu and the Heavenly Palace clashed, the You Xiong Family was behind it. If that person stopped tearing down the divine temple, they could end the war with the Jinwu. This was a very good deal, and for the Heavenly Palace, it was like a pie falling from the sky.
But they suspected that person might not be willing to listen to Qiu Yinhe.
Among the mountain lords and experts present, only Qiu Yinhe, Elder Ying, Lin Zhanting, and He Chi knew the identity of Luo Zheng. When Qiu Yinhe asked someone to pass the message, Elder Ying looked at Qiu Yinhe meaningfully.
After a while, the disciple woke up and reported, "That person has promised not to tear down the divine temple, but he still entered the divine temple of the You Xiong Family."
"Why did he go to the divine temple?" Mount Taixiu asked curiously.

Chapter 2890
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Plunder.
Luo Zheng stepped into the temple again. He kept his promise and didn't destroy the temple.
The structure of the You Xiong Clan's temple wasn't complicated. Luo Zheng walked through the second half of the temple for a while. Their clansmen were still watching Luo Zheng's every move. Judging from the emotions emitted from their Sun Souls, they were very nervous.
The You Xiong Clan's clansmen saw Luo Zheng looking around, looking for something. Naturally, they knew what he was looking for.
The two most valuable things in the temple were the Nirvana token and the soul crystal.
Those Nirvana tokens were taken by Luo Zheng. Only the soul crystal was left!
Luo Zheng glanced in front of him. You Xiong Clan's clansmen were standing on the forked paths, but the path in front had the most people.
He smiled. The actions of these clansmen were telling Luo Zheng that the soul crystal was on that path!
When Luo Zheng walked closer, these Sun Souls were still blocking his path. They didn't have any intention of moving aside.
"You can't go in," said a clansman. "This is the most important place of our temple!"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. "Do you think you have the ability to stop me?"
He had already destroyed half of the temple. How could he reason with these people?
But these people still didn't move …
Luo Zheng stepped forward. With a light bump, he pushed this group of people away.
Someone tried to grab Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng swung his arm and threw these people away. He walked along this path and entered the deepest part of the temple.
"Sigh …"
"This time, we asked for it. We had to go against the Heavenly Palace and provoke such an evil star …"
"I haven't received my share of the soul crystal. Looks like there's no hope."
"…"
The You Xiong Clan's clansmen sighed.
How difficult was it for ordinary people to improve their soul realm in the Nirvana Realm?
Occasionally, they could find a little bit of soul crystal in the Nirvana Realm. It was like luck!
However, the clansmen and disciples of the Super Powers relied on the protection of their own Super Powers. They were able to obtain sufficient resources and progress by leaps and bounds. For example, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had reached the Indigo Soul Rank in a single step.
Now that the soul crystals here had been taken away, the hope of these clansmen being promoted had been cut off. Their hearts were filled with unwillingness, but there was nothing they could do.
In the innermost room, there was another thick wall. The wall was covered in small holes, and in front of the wall, there were several bear clansmen who were madly absorbing soul crystals using sumeru space.
These people were acting under orders. Before Luo Zheng broke in, they would take away as many people as they could.
Unfortunately, the design of the temple had a set of strict restrictions. The speed at which they absorbed the soul crystals was not considered fast. As these people continued to absorb, they only managed to absorb a small portion of the soul crystals.
"Get out of my way!"
Luo Zheng shouted coldly.
The clansmen were shocked. They were afraid that Luo Zheng would kill them, so they fled the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng's method of retrieving the soul crystals was naturally much simpler and more crude. He once again pressed his hand on the wall, and with a sudden slap, the wall cracked open. Behind the wall was a huge rock. The rock was filled with densely packed small holes, like a beehive. The soul crystals were all placed in this beehive, and each of the small holes was emitting a bright white light.
He lifted the huge rock and walked out as if there was no one around.
When the clansmen saw the huge rock, their hearts were bleeding. One could imagine how they felt.
Walking all the way to the temple, Luo Zheng threw the beehive in front of Ling Shuang.
Seeing this huge rock, Ling Shuang's face was filled with shock. "You've brought out all of their trump cards!"
This rock was called the Ten Thousand Holed Rock. It was an excellent material for preserving soul crystals. When the temple was built, it would be sealed in thick walls. Some of the soul crystals that the disciples found in the Nirvana Realm would also be stored in it. The Heavenly Palace also stored soul crystals in the same way.
"Quickly put it into the Sumeru Space, so as to avoid any unexpected problems," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Ling Shuang nodded and reached out to hold the rock. The soul crystals in the countless holes were like flowing water, gathering in the square frame in her hand.
Looking at the square frame in Ling Shuang's hand, Luo Zheng secretly thought that he should get another Sumeru Space.
His body was not like his soul, which could hold objects. Every time he obtained something, he had to rely on Ling Shuang to store it and transfer it to his Yang soul. There were many inconveniences in this process. Could the Heavenly Palace add a Sumeru Space to his body?
When Ling Shuang finished absorbing the soul crystals, Luo Zheng lifted the empty Ten Thousand Holed Rock and threw it back in front of the temple that had turned into a pile of ruins. Only then did the two of them leave.
When they arrived at the entrance of the Heavenly Palace Temple, Luo Zheng's body quietly left the other side …
The amount of soul crystals this time was really not small. Although the You Xiong Clan had already transferred a portion of them, the remaining amount was enough for eight people to step into the Indigo Soul Level.
When Luo Zheng's Yang soul returned to the temple, Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng went to the secret room together. She actually transferred all the soul crystals to Luo Zheng.
"Shouldn't we split it equally?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I don't want it." Ling Shuang shook her head resolutely.
These soul crystals were all obtained by Luo Zheng himself. She only helped to store them. Ling Shuang could not do such a thing.
Seeing Ling Shuang's resolute attitude, Luo Zheng did not force her. If he needed it in the future, he would distribute it again.
After Luo Zheng stepped into the Indigo Soul Level, he wanted to go to the higher levels of the Nirvana Realm. However, something like this had suddenly happened. He was afraid that this matter would be delayed.
"I originally wanted to go to the Thirteenth Heaven with you, but now it seems that I can't," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
When she heard Luo Zheng say that he would bring her along, Ling Shuang covered her mouth and laughed. "Let's go back and take a look. I can guarantee that both the Heavenly Palace and the You Xiong Clan are in a mess now!"
Just as Luo Zheng left the Nirvana Realm, the surrounding environment distorted. He was already sitting in his room.
When he removed the enchantment and opened the door, he saw three more people in the courtyard.
In the pond, Lin Zhanting and Qiu Yinhe were sitting upright. Xiaoyin and Little Xin were carefully brewing tea. Three important people came to visit Mister Luo at the same time. Xiaoyin and Little Xin felt a lot of pressure. Their faces were filled with worry. In their hearts, they were randomly guessing. Did Mister Luo get into big trouble?
Ning Yudie stood on the second floor. She and Xiaoyin felt the same.
Although she could not see the strength of these people, the aura that they exuded was so strong that it made her tremble in fear.

Chapter 2891
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
After Luo Zheng pushed open the door, Ning Yudie quickly said, "Husband, these guests have been waiting here for a long time."
Noticing that Ning Yudie was a little nervous, Luo Zheng comforted her and said it was okay. Then, he led Ning Yudie down from the second floor.
"Seniors!"
After Luo Zheng went downstairs, he saluted the three with his hands folded.
Qiu Yinhe asked, "This woman is …"
"She is my wife, Xiaodie. Greetings, senior," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Ning Yudie also quickly saluted the three and retreated to the side.
The three of them stared at Luo Zheng with a meaningful expression.
They thought of the scene that happened not long ago at Taihao Mountain. They didn't expect this kid to be married. They wondered if he had children. If Elder Ying and Concubine Yan knew, what would they think?
Naturally, they didn't have the leisure to get involved in this matter. Today, they came for the temple.
To be on the safe side, Qiu Yinhe gently waved his hand, and an invisible wave spread out.
Ning Yudie, Xiaoyin, and Xin couldn't hear the conversation between the three and Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie also knew that these people must have something important to talk to Luo Zheng, so she stood quietly to the side.
"Kid, you are quite capable. You directly tore down half of their temple. You must have gained a lot, right?" Qiu Yinhe laughed.
Luo Zheng saluted with his hands folded and said, "The Nirvana token and soul crystal in the temple are all in my hands. If it is really inconvenient for the Heavenly Palace, I can also hand them over."
Destroying the other party's temple would certainly put a lot of pressure on the Heavenly Palace. Luo Zheng didn't want to make things difficult for the Heavenly Palace.
"That's easy." Lin Zhanting looked at Luo Zheng with appreciation. If it were him, he probably wouldn't be willing to hand them over.
Hechi snorted, "The Youxiong Clan has been bullying our Heavenly Palace all these years. This time, we rely on you to suppress them. What do they dare do to us? Since it's Luo Zheng's loot, it naturally belongs to you! "
"But, I'm afraid You Xiong Family will take revenge …" Luo Zheng hesitated.
Qiu Yinhe took a sip of tea and said, "The Mother World has been bustling with activity all these years. There will eventually be a fierce battle. When the time comes, even if we don't provoke them, they will still retaliate. When the time comes, they may not dare to make a move."
These people looked at the problem very calmly. They each chose their own Dao and followed their own destinies. Compromising would not solve the problem.
"In short, you must hide your identity in the Nirvana Realm well. Don't let anyone get a handle on you, including the people in our Heavenly Palace!" He Chi exhorted.
After the incident in the Nirvana Realm, the Heavenly Palace did a count of the trapped elite disciples.
The elites of the Taiyi Mountain, the Taiyi Mountain, and the other six mountains were all trapped, but the Taihao Mountain was not. The disciples of the Taihao Mountain were not involved, which was a suspicious point. Therefore, He Chi believed that even the people in the Heavenly Palace could not be completely trusted.
Luo Zheng understood what they meant. He nodded and asked, "How is Mo Yijian's injury?"
Luo Zheng had no ability to escape from the joint forces of the Youxiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan.
It was only because Mo Yijian used amazing means at the end that Luo Zheng was able to escape. Otherwise, the elites of the Heavenly Palace, including himself, would have been annihilated this time.
When Mo Yijian was mentioned, Qiu Yinhe's face showed a trace of haze and said, "He hasn't woken up yet."
Luo Zheng also sighed and said, "Is his soul so seriously damaged?"
At that time, Mo Yijian was completely surrounded by those winning fish and was constantly bitten by them. How could he bear it?
Qiu Yinhe shook his head and said, "It's not his soul that is damaged."
"It's not?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
"You should have seen Mo Yijian's sword attack," Qiu Yinhe said.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Mo Yijian's sword attack at the end was completely beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Not only did it directly freeze all the winning fish, but it also indirectly helped Luo Zheng break the wall.
Luo Zheng also had doubts in his heart. Mo Yijian's Sun Soul had not reached the Indigo Soul Level, and the power of that sword attack was far beyond that of an ordinary powerhouse at the Indigo Soul Level.
"He overused his talent, and naturally he will be severely punished. We will find a way to revive him, but it will take time," Qiu Yinhe said.
As for what talent Mo Yijian had relied on to make that sword attack, Qiu Yinhe did not tell Luo Zheng.
The purpose of the three of them was to appease and also to confirm.
Of course, the Heavenly Palace would not admit that the person who destroyed the temple was Luo Zheng. However, the outside world still believed that Luo Zheng was inextricably linked to the Heavenly Palace.
In this way, the other forces would not blame the Heavenly Palace for Luo Zheng's wrongdoings in the Paramita. At the same time, it could also intimidate the other super forces. In the Paramita, casually provoking the Heavenly Palace would bring about a disaster.
In the next few days, the You Xiong Clan and the Heavenly Palace had another round of negotiations. They asked the person who destroyed the temple to return the soul crystal and the Paramita token.
However, the Heavenly Palace only insisted that they did ask the person to stop destroying the temple. As for the soul crystal and the Paramita token that he took from the temple, the Heavenly Palace said that they could not do anything about it. After all, they did not know who the person was.
This excuse was almost irrefutable. You Xiong Family had no choice but to suffer the loss.
Although they were indignant, they still did what they said. They asked the Jinwu to retreat from the Guanshan State. The war between the Heavenly Palace and the Jinwu Clan came to an end for the time being.
…
…
The Four Heavens of the Paramita.
In front of the You Xiong Clan's temple, many Yang souls were shuttling back and forth.
The broken ruins needed to be cleaned up, and the collapsed beams needed to be rebuilt. For the Yang souls in the Color Realm, this was a troublesome project.
After Luo Zheng returned to the Paramita Realm with his physical body, he went straight to the Heavenly Palace's temple. He wanted to find the Void Beast in the temple to get a Sumeru ring.
This Void Beast had stayed in the Heavenly Palace's temple for many years. It was probably the first time it saw the physical body of a human. When facing Luo Zheng, it felt a little uneasy.
However, when Luo Zheng reached out his hand, the Void Beast still lowered its head and stretched out its tentacles to carve on his finger.
A bright square frame gradually formed on his fingertip. However, when the square frame was about to take shape, there was a "hua" sound. Like a piece of glazed tile being broken, the whole square frame suddenly collapsed.
"Huh?"
The Void Beast did not expect this to happen either. It was stunned for a moment.
Luo Zheng looked at his fingertip and was also stunned. This Void Beast could actually fail.
"Let's try again," Luo Zheng requested.
The Void Beast did not refuse. It tried a second time. When it carved the Sumeru ring again, the situation was exactly the same as last time.
"Wu wu wu …"
The Void Beast shook its head. It was unwilling to help Luo Zheng make another Sumeru ring.
Luo Zheng's face was full of depression.
He turned his head and said to Ling Shuang, "It seems that the physical body cannot carve a Sumeru ring."
Ling Shuang smiled and said, "Your body can already do whatever you want in the Paramita Realm. If you have more Sumeru Spaces, I'm afraid that all the good things in the Paramita Realm will be taken by you."
In fact, Ling Shuang was a little selfish.
In the Paramita Realm, she was the only one who knew Luo Zheng's secret. If Luo Zheng wanted to plunder something, he needed her cooperation to pass it to his Yang soul.

Chapter 2892
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Dazzling Heaven
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what Ling Shuang was thinking.
Then, Luo Zheng changed his Sun Soul and entered the Paramita Realm. He left the temple with Ling Shuang and headed to the plaza not far away.
A star ring in the plaza was still emitting a piercing chill.
Many people sat cross-legged around the star ring, welcoming the chill.
Absorbing spirit crystals to advance to the Sun Soul was a privilege that only disciples of superpowers had.
The humans scattered all over the Mother World didn't have the right to enter the temple.
Most of these people could only cultivate step by step. Using the piercing chill emitted by the star ring was one of the methods.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang, the two Indigo Souls, walked over, attracting the attention of many people.
Within the Fourth Heaven, Indigo Souls were definitely unparalleled. They could reach the Thirteenth Heaven, which was enough to make people look up to them.
"Let's go!"
Ling Shuang didn't hesitate at all. She stepped into the star ring.
As the star ring continued to spin,
Her Sun Soul was constantly being stretched, turning into a ray of light that shot into the sky like a rising comet.
After Ling Shuang was sent up, Luo Zheng also entered the star ring.
When he had just entered the Fourth Heaven, the star ring still gave him a lot of pressure. Now that his Sun Soul had improved greatly, the chill contained in the star ring couldn't hurt him at all.
Swish!
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng also left the Fourth Heaven.
Just as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang left the Fourth Heaven, a Sun Soul slowly condensed in the plaza.
This was the first time this Sun Soul had set foot in the Fourth Heaven. He was full of curiosity about everything around him.
He looked around and walked to the side of the star ring. He caught a cultivator and asked, "What are you people doing sitting here?"
That cultivator looked at that person in confusion and said snappily, "Of course it's cultivation!"
"Cultivating?"
The cultivator looked at the star ring strangely. The principle of cultivation wasn't difficult to understand. He then laughed and said, "This kind of cultivation method is like an ant crawling on the ground. It's really too slow! I heard that those super powers have built temples in the Fourth Celestial Layer. Why don't you go there? "
When the cultivator heard this, he became even more depressed. He was not a disciple of some big clan, so how could he be qualified to enter the temple? Was this person deliberately looking for trouble?
"What does it have to do with you how I want to cultivate? Stay where it's cool! "The cultivator waved his hand, wanting to chase this fellow away.
"What does it have to do with me … Hehe, people of the 4th Celestial Layer are indeed different. In the 3rd Celestial Layer, no one dares to speak to me like that!"
As the man spoke, he stretched out his hand and lightly slit the cultivator's arm. The cultivator's arm was directly detached from the body. The man picked up the arm and stuffed it into his mouth!
He could actually directly devour the Sun Soul of others!
What was even stranger was that the cultivator was still sitting cross-legged, and there was no pain at all when his arm was broken. Until the cultivator was curious about what that person was eating, he took a closer look and realized that it was his own arm!
"You, you … can directly devour the Sun Soul of others!" The cultivator was shocked.
"What's so strange about that? The foreign races of the 2nd Celestial Layer and the 3rd Celestial Layer are too weak. I've only reached the 4th Celestial Layer and actually ascended to this damned place. I don't really like to devour the souls of my own race, but this place seems to only have humans?" The man said casually.
Of course, there were not only humans in the 4th Celestial Layer. However, most of the time, the same race would ascend in the same direction.
"You … You're crazy!" The cultivator screamed. His figure became blurry and he had already escaped to the other side.
"This person actually directly devoured the Sun Soul!"
"Isn't he afraid of a backlash?"
"How can there be such a lunatic!"
When the other cultivators in the square saw this scene, they were all shocked.
Every soul had its own will and could not devour each other. If they devoured too much, they would no longer be themselves.
Absorbing soul crystals was also a method to devour other souls. However, soul crystals needed to be accumulated over many years. Furthermore, soul crystals were incomparably pure. Naturally, there was a layer of risk in their beauty.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
In the blink of an eye, all the Sun Souls in the square had left.
Looking at the empty square, the man curled his lips. "I already said that I don't really devour my own race. Just now, I was just tasting it. Seems like the 4th Celestial Layer is nothing special …"
He didn't really care.
There were too many Sun Souls in the other side. For every Nirvana Realm expert in the mother world, there would be one more Sun Soul in the other side.
Other than the human race, there were also countless foreign races.
This person devoured from the 1st Celestial Layer all the way to the 4th Celestial Layer in just a few days.
Standing on the spot and looking around, he saw the broken temple and the busy You Xiong Clan disciples not far away. A strange expression appeared on his face.
"It's said that the temple keeps the purest soul crystals. I'll go ask for some. I wonder if they'll give it to me …"
According to his personality, if he wanted to do something, he would do it. Thus, he walked towards the temple.
…
…
Luo Zheng felt that his soul had transformed into a new shape. When he opened his eyes, he had already reached the 5th Celestial Layer.
This heaven and earth was different from the 4th Celestial Layer. Everywhere was white, and the ground seemed to be sprinkled with a layer of salt.
"The 5th Celestial Layer is actually so desolate?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Ling Shuang nodded and said, "Most races use the 4th Celestial Layer as a starting point. Naturally, the 5th Celestial Layer is neglected. Other than exploring some unique temples, usually no one stays in the 5th Celestial Layer."
The Nirvana Realm tokens in the 5th Celestial Layer were not much different from those in the 4th Celestial Layer. Moreover, those forces with Sun Souls that belonged to them could often obtain Nirvana tokens from higher Celestial Layers. They were not very interested in exploring the 5th Celestial Layer.
Not only the 5th Celestial Layer, but also the 6th and 7th Celestial Layer.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang didn't stay here for long. Once again, they entered the star ring and continued to ascend.
The 6th Celestial Layer Seven Planets' terrain was dangerous. The environment was complicated, and there were huge red rocks exposed on the surface everywhere.
In the 7th Celestial Layer Seven Planets of Nothingness, there was a patch of pink plants. The entire world was occupied by these plants.
The 8th Celestial Layer Eight Celestial Layer was a world of ice and snow …
The 9th Celestial Crimson Sun was a blazing sun …
The 10th Celestial Layer Nine Planets of Nothingness …
The two of them ascended in the star ring, then entered the star ring and ascended again.
As they continued to ascend, the pressure from the star ring also increased.
If it were an ordinary person, they would need to spend a few years or even more to ascend to the next Celestial Layer.
However, the two Indigo Souls turned a blind eye to this pressure. Their journey was very smooth.
The 11th Celestial Layer Illuminating Celestial Layer!
When the two of them just appeared, dozens of huge Sun Souls appeared not far away. Although the original faces of these Sun Souls couldn't be seen clearly, just by looking at their silhouettes, one could tell that their appearances were terrifying.
And behind Luo Zheng, there was a densely packed star ring. There were simply too many to count.
"Human, this way!"

Chapter 2893
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Raising the price on the spot
Luo Zheng looked at the star rings, then at the foreign races stationed here, his eyes full of confusion.
He didn't know how the star rings came to be, but they were the key to ascending to the Upper Heavens.
From what he knew so far, the star rings should be shared by the same race!
For example, there should be a considerable number of star rings in the First Heaven of the Paramita Realm, but the human race only had one star ring. All the humans had to use this star ring to ascend to the Upper Heavens.
It wasn't just the First Heaven. From the Second Heaven to the Third Heaven, the human race all shared one star ring.
However, the star rings were distributed according to region. Normally, the star rings of the human race were surrounded by humans, while the star rings of the foreign races were surrounded by foreign races.
But what was going on in front of him?
Countless star rings were piled up together, and these foreign races were even ordering him around, as if the entire Eleventh Heaven was their territory!
"Do as they say." Ling Shuang tugged at Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang obviously knew more about the Paramita Realm than Luo Zheng. He frowned and followed behind her.
He looked again and found that the star rings were arranged in an orderly manner. Not far away, hundreds of Sun Souls were lined up in two lines.
When Luo Zheng walked to the front of the line, he heard the tall foreign race say, "The left side is the path to the Upper Heavens, and the right side is the path to explore the temple. Choose your line and stand!"
In the two lines, there were small Ear Mice and huge beasts. They were of different shapes and sizes, but they all lined up in an orderly manner.
After the two of them lined up at the back of the line, Luo Zheng asked in a low voice, "What's going on? This First Heaven seems to be very different from the previous ones. "
"Because the Glorious Sect Heaven is controlled by the Liyuan Race," Ling Shuang replied.
The Liyuan Race was considered a top superpower in the Mother World. Whether it was in terms of soul or strength, they were far stronger than the average race. A single orthodox human race would not be able to contend against this large race.
"A single race controls a Level One Heaven?" Luo Zheng was astonished.
Ling Shuang nodded and said, "It's an exception. It's said that the Li Yuan Tribe has a good relationship with one of the Nirvana Tribes. With the help of the Nirvana Tribes, it's not difficult to do this. So, any superpower that comes here has to follow their rules."
"What are the rules..." Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang pouted her lips and said, "Well, if you want to go to the 12th Heaven through Yao Zong Sky, you have to pay 10,000 Soul Dans. Just line up."
"Everyone has to pay?"
"Yes, that should be the case."
Although Ling Shuang had heard of the Eleventh Heaven, it was her first time here.
In fact, not only did one have to pay Soul Cores to pass through the Eleventh Heaven, one had to pay even more Soul Cores to explore the Eleventh Heaven.
In the Color Realm, most Yang Souls would travel up and down, and these ten thousand Soul Pills were the toll.
"Isn't the Liyuan Clan's actions no different from highway robbery? Won't the other great clans of the Mother World join forces to resist? "Luo Zheng asked.
Although 10,000 Soul Pills was nothing to an Indigo Soul Rank powerhouse, they had to pay every time they passed by. This was not a small expense.
"Hehe, first of all, the Liyuan Clan was originally very strong, and the other superpowers couldn't afford to provoke them. Second, the number of Soul Cores they collected was fair, so everyone naturally tolerated it," said a foreign race person in front of Luo Zheng.
It was unknown which race this foreign race person belonged to. He looked similar to a human, but he was only half the size and had a few sharp horns on his head. He could speak the human language fluently.
"That's basically what it means," Ling Shuang agreed.
"No wonder Mingwei and the others warned me that the human race in the Mother World wasn't considered strong..."
Understanding this, Luo Zheng felt a little emotional.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the Heavenly Palace, You Xiong, and Shennong were all extremely powerful forces.
But even the three superpowers of the human race couldn't monopolize a Layer of Heaven. How powerful was the Liyuan Clan?
After queuing for almost an hour in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, it was finally their turn. Suddenly, a pitiful pleading voice came from the front.
"I only have 8,000 Soul Cores here. I wonder if the lords of the Liyuan Clan can make an exception?" The speaker was a human girl. Judging from her tender voice, she should be very young.
"Hey, human, don't you know the rules here? 10,000 Soul Cores is a small amount. If you don't have it, you can go over there and do hard labor. "The Liyuan Clan member pointed to the west.
The Liyuan Clan occupied the Eleventh Layer of Heaven. They didn't just build a temple there, but a huge home.
Building in the Paramita World was an extremely arduous task. The You Xiong Clan's temple had been destroyed by Luo Zheng, and it was extremely difficult to repair it in a short period of time.
The Liyuan Clan wanted to build a city in the Paramita World, so they naturally lacked hard labor.
The human girl looked in the direction the Liyuan Clan member was pointing and pursed her lips. Many of the outsiders could sense the fear emanating from her. Doing hard labor for the Liyuan Clan meant nine out of ten deaths. How could she be willing to go?
"I, I won't go up …. How about I go back to the Tenth Layer of Heaven?" The human girl gave up.
"Go back to the Tenth Layer of Heaven? Heh, of course you can. But you have to pay 10,000 Soul Cores. Haha! "
"You have to pay 10,000 Soul Cores if you go up or down! That's the rule of the Eleventh Layer of Heaven! "
"Hahaha …."
The tall Liyuan Clan members all roared with laughter.
The human girl seemed somewhat helpless. She turned to the people around her for help, asking for 2,000 Soul Cores. Once she reached the Twelfth Layer of Heaven, she would definitely return it. But she was surrounded by outsiders. How could they show any mercy to the human race? Not a single person stepped forward to help her.
"Then …. Can I leave the Paramita World and pay after I collect enough Soul Cores?" the human girl asked.
The Liyuan Clan member said impatiently, "Either pay 10,000 Soul Cores, or get the hell out of here and do hard labor. Little human girl, did you not understand what I said?"
The human girl stood in place and hesitated for a moment. Then, she really did walk towards the west.
At this time, Luo Zheng stepped out from the group and blocked the human girl's path. At the same time, he said to the Liyuan Clan member, "I will pay for the 2,000 Soul Cores."
The human girl was stunned for a moment. Then, she revealed a pleasantly surprised expression and said, "Thank you! Once we reach the Twelfth Layer of Heaven, I will return it to you! "
"No need," Luo Zheng generously said. Then, he prepared to take out 2,000 Soul Cores from his spatial ring.
But at this time, the Liyuan Clan member chuckled and said, "Boy, if you help pay for it, then it won't be just 2,000 Soul Cores!"
Luo Zheng frowned and asked, "Then how much is it?"
The Liyuan Clan member gestured with his finger, "100,000 Soul Cores!"
Hearing this number, Luo Zheng's face sank.
He had intercepted so many soul crystals from the You Xiong Clan. He had become rich all of a sudden. If he sold these soul crystals, he could exchange them for a sea of Soul Cores. To Luo Zheng, 100,000 was only a small number.
But for the Liyuan Clan member to raise the price like this, this was going too far.
"Isn't it 10,000 Soul Cores per person?" Luo Zheng asked in response.
"Haha …" The Liyuan Clan member's laughter contained a trace of ridicule, "This is our territory. However much we want, you have to give us. If you are willing to stand up for a fellow clansman, then not only will she have to pay 100,000 Soul Cores, but you will also have to pay 100,000 Soul Cores!"