Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.7

Chapter 2994
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Arrangements
Only Lan Qing, Huo Ze and a few other Jiuli tribesmen were left in the Jinxiu Palace.
Maybe it was because they had the same blood flowing in their veins. Although it was the first time they met, Luo Zheng could feel a sense of closeness.
Luo Zheng would definitely take good care of these people since Third Grandpa had entrusted them to him.
"Brother Luo Zheng, can you really make Jiuli rise?" Lan Qing asked with her watery eyes.
Lan Qing had heard of the glory of Jiuli.
At that time, they didn't have to hide like now. Every time it was the Day of Sacrifice, there would be tens of thousands of people coming to worship.
If First Grandpa was angry, the whole mother world would be shaken …
That kind of glory only existed in Lan Qing's imagination. If only Brother Luo Zheng could really do it.
She was the youngest and the most naive.
However, Huo Ze and the others didn't think so.
It wasn't that they didn't believe in Luo Zheng's strength and talent, but they felt that such a promise was impossible to fulfill.
What kind of person was Chi You?
In the end, he still lost to the You Xiong Clan …
You Xiong and Shennong Clans weren't any weaker than Jiuli at its peak. Even the Heavenly Palace didn't dare to fight against them. Luo Zheng alone was simply wishful thinking.
"Sister Qing, there are some words you should listen to. The rise of Jiuli, haha … It's just a fool's dream," a young man beside Lan Qing said.
Huo Ze frowned and scolded, "Xian Shi!"
This time, Li Lu brought a few Jiuli tribesmen who were the best in the remaining Jiuli tribe. Xian Shi was one of them.
"Did I say something wrong? What kind of person was the Great Chief? In the end, he still lost to Ji Xuanyuan! Although Luo Zheng is powerful, he can only lead Jiuli to rise among our peers? If this isn't a dream, then what is? " Xian Shi continued, "He only relied on some luck to be a little powerful in the Nirvana Realm!"
"Shut your stinky mouth! Don't forget Brother Luo Zheng's identity! "Huo Ze's face was completely cold.
On the way back, Chi Yi had told them that Luo Zheng's bloodline was even purer than theirs.
If Jiuli, Jiuli, didn't Yi Translation Translation: Luo Zheng Translation: Translation
"So what if he has the status? Now that Jiuli has fallen to such a state, what can identity prove? "Xian Shi retorted stubbornly.
"Then do you think that Senior Qiu is willing to take us in and even help us get the tickets to the Chaotic Origin Great World because of my grandfather?" Huo Ze's eyes were filled with flames as he stared at Xian Shi.
In the eyes of these superpowers, Jiuli was already worthless. The glory of the past could only be used as a memory. It was completely worthless!
The reason why they could enter the Chaotic Origin Great World through the Heaven Palace was not because of Li Lu. Instead, it was because of Luo Zheng!
"Remember! In the future, Luo Zheng will be our young master! "Huo Ze said fiercely.
After being reprimanded by Huo Ze, Xian Shi's face was still filled with dissatisfaction. "You want me to acknowledge him as Young Master? On what basis? Unless he's stronger than me! "
With that said, the aura in his body surged, and a statue of a savage beast floated in front of him. "Divine Wilderness Vicious Eagle!"
Along the way, Xian Shi had been listening to Lan Qing and Huo Ze talk about how strong that 'Heaven Traverser' in the Paramita was. Now that he finally saw him, he felt that he was merely so-so. He wanted to compete with him and directly took out his Paramita Token.
The Divine Wilderness Vicious Eagle was also a high-grade Paramita Token in the 13 Layers Heaven. The moment this item was taken out, a vicious aura burst out and filled the entire Splendid Palace.
Before Huo Ze and the others could stop him, Xian Shi had already turned into a gust of wind and charged towards Luo Zheng. He slapped down with his palm.
"Heaven Opening Palm!"
Being the grandson of Li Lu, Xian Shi had an extremely high talent. This palm of his had drawn out the Paramita Energy of the Divine Wilderness Vicious Eagle. It was a total of 900 Divine Jun!
If this palm were to land, not to mention a person, even a mountain would be split into two.
"Xian Shi, don't mess around!"
"Stop!"
Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and the others' expressions changed. Although they knew that Xian Shi had an eccentric temperament, Li Lu had warned him many times along the way, so he should stop. They didn't expect that he would cause trouble the moment he stayed.
Lan Qing and the others had seen Luo Zheng's strength in the Paramita, but the Paramita and the Mother World were two different things. Whether he could block this strike was still unknown.
"700 Divine Jun. It's not bad in the 13 Layers Heaven …"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. He didn't even move his feet. With a raise of his hand, the Stone Sealing Solution was absorbed into the bones of his right arm. Then, he gently clasped his hand and accurately grabbed Xian Shi's palm.
"Pu!"
The Splendid Palace shook slightly. The ground beneath Luo Zheng's feet cracked. The originally powerful strike was silently dissolved.
Xian Shi's palm was tightly gripped by Luo Zheng, and he couldn't pull it out!
When Huo Ze and the others saw this scene, they also secretly gasped a breath of cold air.
On the way here, Chi Yi had said that if Luo Zheng entered the 13 Heavens of the Paramita, his strength would definitely surpass his peers. At that time, Xian Shi snorted coldly. Huo Ze and the others also felt that this evaluation was a bit exaggerated. Now, it seemed that Chi Yi had underestimated Luo Zheng.
It was hard for them to imagine that anyone of the same level could take Xian Shi's full-force strike with one hand and come out unscathed.
After Huo Ze finished speaking, he hurriedly said to Luo Zheng, "My brother Xian Shi doesn't know how to be polite. Brother Luo Zheng, please forgive him."
Luo Zheng casually released his hand. Then, he looked at the ceiling of the Splendid Palace and said, "We are all brothers of the same clan. I will naturally understand. Our Li Tribe is already like this. We have no other choice but to work hard. Since Third Grandfather has entrusted you all here, I only have one request." His eyes were burning as he said, "Don't let me see you give up on yourselves."
After these words, the gazes of Huo Ze, Xian Shi, and the other Jiuli tribesmen suddenly became complicated.
In the small world where the Jiuli tribe was hiding, the shadow of the You Xiong tribe had never disappeared. Whether it was the elders or the juniors, they all seemed to have lost the courage of the Jiuli tribe and had been giving up on themselves.
And Luo Zheng was alone in the Heaven Palace, but he had never forgotten that he was a member of the Jiuli tribe. That confidence was almost engraved in his bones. Compared to him, they gradually felt inferior.
"Anyway, I believe that Brother Luo Zheng can do it!" Lan Qing's little nose twitched as she said with a serious face.
"I also believe," Huo Ze said.
"Our Jiuli tribe will definitely get better!" The other Jiuli tribesmen also echoed.
After Qiu Yinhe sent Li Lu away, he turned back and said to Luo Zheng and the others, "I will first send you to the Greater One Mountain. Everyone, please follow me."
It was the first time that these Jiuli tribesmen had left the tribe leader and elders. Facing Qiu Yinhe, they were still a little nervous and followed behind without saying a word.
Standing on the giant sword that Qiu Yinhe took out and looking at the Dragon City below and the giant mountain in the distance, the Jiuli tribesmen were all curious.
They had been curled up in that small world since they were born. Although the mother world was huge, they had never set foot in it. This was also the first time they went out and the first time they saw the scale of a super force.
After returning to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Qiu Yinhe helped them apply for an independent courtyard and settled the six Jiuli tribesmen there.

Chapter 2995
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Treatment
These people from the Jiuli tribe did not need to cultivate the Heart Sword, so they did not need to go out.
Most of the time, they placed their Sun Souls in the Paramita Realm and cultivated there.
When he first met Lan Qing, this little girl from the Jiuli tribe was still worried about 2,000 Soul Elixirs.
This showed that the remnants of the Jiuli tribe did not have enough money. It was not easy for them to raise their Sun Souls to the 13th Heaven.
On the second day after the six people from the Jiuli tribe stayed, Luo Zheng summoned them to the Paramita Realm.
Lan Qing and Huo Ze were still confused, not knowing what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
However, Luo Zheng said, "You are all brothers and sisters of my tribe. Take these as a greeting gift."
Then, he took out 30 Soul Crystals from the Sumeru Space. Each of the six people received five Soul Crystals.
Huo Ze, Lan Qing, Xian Shi, and the others could not help but tremble when they felt the pure aura of the Soul Crystals.
Although they knew that Luo Zheng's physical body could almost do anything in the Paramita Realm, and it was not difficult for him to get some good Paramita tokens and Soul Crystals, they were still shocked when he casually took out 30 Soul Crystals and gave them away.
The last time they entered the Temple of Heaven, the Soul Elixirs they paid were collected by the elders of the tribe who sold a Paramita token to Ear Mouse.
The 30 Soul Crystals in front of them were worth 30 million Soul Elixirs, and 30 million Soul Elixirs could not buy so many Soul Crystals!
"Young Master … this greeting gift is too precious," Huo Ze said as he stared at the Soul Crystals.
Although he wanted to refuse, any Sun Soul who cultivated in the Paramita Realm could not resist this temptation. After all, the Soul Crystals were almost equivalent to the cultivation of the Sun Soul.
"When I first entered the Realm of the Gods, I also wanted to find my people, but the Realm of the Gods was too big. At that time, my cultivation was too low and I couldn't find them. After that, I stayed in the Heavenly Palace to cultivate until now. Even if I have some achievements, it is nothing to give to my people." Luo Zheng said, "If the other brothers and sisters of the Jiuli tribe have any difficulties, you can tell me. I will do my best."
If he wanted to rebuild the Jiuli, Luo Zheng would need to pay more. Compared to this, it was not worth mentioning.
After giving them the Soul Crystals, Luo Zheng went back to his courtyard.... Consort Yan Concubine was asking for him.
Consort. Concubine Yan's invitation. Luo Zheng, Consort Yan, and Consort.. is. Luo Zheng to Consort. Yan Yan Yan Concubine.
The last time Luo Zheng left the Taishi Palace, Imperial Concubine Yan had already given him the order to enter the palace. This time, there was naturally no need to use the Mind's Eye to break through this fog.
Translation to To To Translation Translation Translation To Contranslation Translation To Translation to Translation To Translation's Conry translation translation, Yan translation
Luo Zheng had just walked to the entrance of the Tai Di Palace when he heard Feng Ge shouting from inside, "Get out of my way! I Me Translation, I to Me to Me! Translation
Inside the side palace, chains made of golden flames wrapped around Feng Ge's arms and legs.
No matter how hard Feng Ge struggled, these chains locked him tightly. He could not move at all.
Several servants in the palace were constantly trying to dissuade them, and their expressions were very gloomy.
"How can this be?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
The palace maid replied, "Concubine Yan used several methods to save Her Highness Feng Ge, but the results weren't great. She's been clamoring to leave all day long, and just now, she angered Concubine Yan into leaving."
"The results were not good …"
It was hard to cure the problem of the soul.
Mo Yijian had not returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect since he used the Forbidden Technique.
When he and Feng Ge had just returned, Consort Yan was confident. Luo Zheng also thought that it would not be a problem to cure Feng Ge. He did not expect that there would be no progress.
Feng Ge was still struggling. However, this was not the Nirvana Realm. She could not do whatever she wanted.
The moment Luo Zheng appeared in front of her, her angry eyes suddenly froze. Her hysterical emotions quickly calmed down. At the same time, she asked for help, "Luo Zheng, you're here! Take me out of here! My mother wants to kill me! "
"Consort Yan is your mother. Why would she want to kill you?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"She wants to kill me!" Feng Ge said with certainty.
At this moment, Concubine Yan's voice sounded behind Luo Zheng. "I've been trying to find a way to clean up the messy memories in her head, but a considerable amount of memories have merged into her Memory Fire and become a part of her."
It was not difficult for Consort Yan to clean up her memories. However, the pure person's memories had merged with Feng Ge. If she removed those memories, it would be the same as removing Feng Ge himself. Feng Ge naturally thought that Consort Yan wanted to kill him. In fact, Consort Yan wanted to kill Hu Yun's memories.
However, from Feng Ge's perspective, that was what she thought.
"Consort Yan, why did you ask me to come?" Luo Zheng asked.
Although Luo Zheng had controlled the Land of Reincarnation, he could not compare with someone like Consort Yan in terms of the soul. He did not think that he could be of any help.
"The memory removal has to be done when she is awake. However, the messy memories that do not belong to her are hidden in the deepest part of her soul fire. I can't dig them out," Consort Yan said.
After Feng Ge became a pure person, he did not recognize anyone but Luo Zheng. After thinking about it, Consort Yan could only ask Luo Zheng for help.
Consort Yan originally wanted to ask Luo Zheng to come as soon as possible. However, she thought that Luo Zheng had just left the Nirvana Realm and waited for a few days.
"I will do my best if I can," Luo Zheng promised.
Luo Zheng was partly responsible for Feng Ge's situation.
However, Luo Zheng could not stop her if she insisted on entering the Temple of Heaven.
However, it was only possible to leave the dark realm alive because of Feng Ge.
After Luo Zheng agreed, Consort Yan left the side palace for a while and brought back three old men.
After the three old men each took a position, a large formation on the ground began to flicker.
When the light appeared, Feng Ge, who had just calmed down, was frightened again. "Luo Zheng, they want to kill me again! Help me kill them! "
This fear was instinctive. The pleading look on her face softened Luo Zheng's heart.
Luo Zheng sat in front of Feng Ge and asked, "Who are you?"
"I, I, I am Feng Ge!" Feng Ge replied.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "You are not Feng Ge. If you were, you wouldn't be afraid."
"I am not Feng Ge?" She was confused by Luo Zheng's words. "Then who am I?"
"You are Hu Yun, a creature of the dark realm, and I destroyed your clan! All the pig-faced monsters died at my hands, "Luo Zheng said seriously.
Hu Yun's memory only occupied a small part. If Luo Zheng did not mention it, Feng Ge would not remember it. He had verified this in the dark realm.
But when Luo Zheng mentioned it, that part of Hu Yun's memory swarmed out. How could the hatred of exterminating a clan dissipate so easily?
Feng Ge's beautiful face was full of malevolence, as if he wanted to swallow Luo Zheng. He roared, "You dare to exterminate my clan! I will kill you! "
At this time, Luo Zheng said to Consort Yan, "Consort Yan, now!"
Consort Yan was overjoyed when she saw this scene. How could she miss this opportunity?

Chapter 2996
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Coercion
Provoking Feng Ge in the Nirvana Realm was definitely not a wise thing to do.
Now that they were in the Taishi Palace, there was nothing to worry about.
Under Luo Zheng's constant provocation, the memories of "Hu Yun" hidden deep in Feng Ge's heart were constantly exposed, and even occupied a dominant position in Feng Ge's body.
"Puny humans, you will be ground into minced meat by the Blood Council sooner or later, I …"
At this moment, Feng Ge's voice changed. The bloodline power in her body was ignited, and traces of golden flames were about to burst out. Her inner world was also releasing energy, which was a sign of danger.
"Concubine Yan, be careful, she is going to explode her inner world!" Luo Zheng reminded.
Just exploding her inner world wouldn't hurt Luo Zheng and Concubine Yan, but in this way, Feng Ge would be completely crippled.
"Ha …"
Concubine Yan seemed to be prepared. She sneered and gently brushed Feng Ge's abdomen with her other palm. The energy in Feng Ge's abdomen quickly dissipated.
Then she flicked Feng Ge's head with her jade fingers, releasing rays of light that invaded Feng Ge's fine black hair.
Feng Ge seemed to be in more pain, holding his head and screaming.
"Now!" Concubine Yan said loudly.
The three elders closed their eyes, and the power of the formation became stronger. Concubine Yan's hand that was on Feng Ge's head suddenly pulled, and rays of white light were pulled out of Feng Ge's head.
"Whoosh!"
Concubine Yan pulled the white light and retreated quickly. She stepped into the center of the formation and suddenly pressed down.
All the white light gathered at one point, forming a milky white flame.
Luo Zheng stared at the white flame and raised his eyebrows slightly. "Memory fire?"
The white flame in front of him was very dim, but it still exuded a fierce aura. It should be the memory fire that Hu Yun left in Feng Ge's soul. Concubine Yan had pulled it out. Luo Zheng had never heard of such a method.
"Quick! Seal his memory fire! "Concubine Yan ordered.
As a Pure One, Hu Yun must have preserved some precious memories in his memory fire. Not to mention other things, just the things about the Blood Council were very valuable. She wanted to leave these memories for Donghuang.
But as soon as the memory fire was extracted, it began to Concubine Yan's soul, Chu Feng, Concubine Yan, Concubine Yan..
Hu Yun's face showed a sneer, and he disappeared in front of them..
Seeing this scene, Concubine Yan and the three elders, Concubine Translation, Yan and Concubine Yan's. Translation: Concubine Yan
Concubine Translation: Translation: Translation Yan Translation: Translation: Translation Translation Concubine Translation: Translation Translation translation Art Translation Translation Translation translation Translation Translation: Translation: Yan Feng Translation About Ytranslation. Translation.
... King, Translation Yan, Concubine in Translation. Concubine Yan Concubine. Ytranslation..
Con, Concubine Yan.. Yan Yan '..
Although he was unable to seal that wisp of memory flame, he was finally able to extract that damned memory.
Feng Ge's memory was not missing. It was just that after Hu Yun's memory was mixed in, it became extremely chaotic.
After the chaotic problem was solved, Feng Ge's memory would return to normal.
Concubine Yan flicked her finger, and the two flame chains disappeared. She walked forward and helped Feng Ge up. Then she smiled at Luo Zheng. "Thanks to you. I tried several times before, but that thing is very cunning. I couldn't get it out."
"It's nothing. Concubine Yan, you're too polite," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"I'll take Feng Ge to rest first. It's not easy for you to come to Taishi Palace. Do you want to see your friend?" Concubine Yan stared at Luo Zheng and asked with a smile.
She purposely emphasized the word 'friend'.
Concubine Yan could see that Han Liusu and the others had an unusual relationship with Luo Zheng.
She was also an experienced person. Concubine Yan was not the only concubine in this Taishi Palace of the East Emperor. It was normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines.
What Concubine Yan really cared about was Luo Zheng's wife, Ning Yudie. When she was in contact with Han Liusu, she had secretly inquired about her.
Feng Ge was the legitimate daughter of the East Emperor. If she could really marry Luo Zheng, the status was still very important.
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded.
Since he had come to Taishi Palace, he naturally had to pay a visit.
In the dark domain, Feng Ge had mentioned that something strange happened to Han Liusu, which caused a fire in Taishi Palace. Later, Feng Ge specially arranged a palace for her.
The purple Deviant Fire she had was called "Extortion Fire." Only the bloodline of the divine bird, Bi Fang, could obtain such a flame.
Concubine Yan found a palace maid and took Luo Zheng to the Qianlian Palace, which was north of Taishi Palace.
In the open space in front of the Qianlian Palace, dozens of people were pointing at the side.
In the middle of the open space, a tall woman was constantly moving and dodging, and behind her, a young man was chasing.
This young man and the tall woman had just escaped into the Sea of True Meaning not long ago and had not integrated with the Nirvana token. Their cultivation was about the same level, but the young man's unique skill was obviously much more powerful than the tall woman's!
The tall woman did not dare to fight head-on and could only keep retreating.
"The open space here is only a hundred feet wide. You know how to run, but no matter how you run, you can't avoid defeat!" The long sword in the young man's hand was like a drizzle, sprinkling toward the tall woman.
Seeing this, the tall woman's eyes suddenly burst with a fierce look. This time, instead of retreating, she moved forward. The blood-red long sword in her hand turned and stabbed suddenly. It was a fighting style that would hurt both sides!
"Sister Xun! Don't fight head-on! "
"If we lose, we will leave Taishi Palace!"
Han Liusu and Mu Ning saw this scene and suddenly turned pale.
The tall woman was Xun, and the man who challenged her was a direct descendant of Taishi Palace, called Chunyuan.
Under the protection of Feng Ge, Han Liusu, Mu Ning and Xun received more resources than many direct descendants. Especially after Han Liusu's Bi Fang bloodline was found, Concubine Yan even specially gave them a side palace.
This kind of treatment was difficult to obtain even for the direct descendants of Taishi Palace. The three women naturally attracted the jealousy of these direct descendants.
If Feng Ge had always been in Taishi Palace, it would have been fine. She was the most outstanding among the direct descendants of Greater One Mountain's younger generation, and also received the Eastern Emperor's favor. Who would compete with her?
But during this period of time, Feng Ge had been absent, and the news that she was trapped in the Nirvana Realm had spread in Taishi Palace. Many people felt that Feng Ge would not come back.
After a long time, these direct descendants began to have thoughts.
This time, they instigated Chunyuan to anger the three women. Xun's personality was the most unyielding.
How could Xun not see through these direct descendants' methods? But the three women dodged several times in exchange for endless provocation and coercion. Under such circumstances, they could only choose to fight back.
Xun's strength was not as good as Chunyuan's, and as soon as they fought, she was at a disadvantage.

Chapter 2997
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Trouble!
Chun Yuan panicked when he saw the deadly sword moves.
When two powerful people were fighting, it would be hard for one side to turn the situation around.
He should have defeated Xun easily, but now he was forced to retreat by Xun's fierce attacks.
"What's going on? That woman is weaker than Chun Yuan. Chun Yuan can't defeat her!"
"We are going to make a fool of ourselves today!"
"This woman is crazy. She doesn't care about her life at all. She is cheating!"
The direct descendants of the Taishi Palace exclaimed.
Mu Ning was similar to Xun in terms of personality, so she understood Xun's judgment.
Hearing the comments of the direct descendants, she retorted, "Fights between powerful people are always fought with their lives on the line. You have never experienced it, yet you say it's cheating. How ridiculous!"
The direct descendants of the Taishi Palace would only understand the cruelty of this world after they entered the Nirvana Realm.
Even in the early stage of the Nirvana Realm, they might not understand. After all, they would be protected by the temple after they reached the Fourth Heaven.
Like Feng Ge, who was fearless after reaching the Thirteenth Heaven, she only understood the feeling of death when she entered the Dark Zone.
Whoosh!
Chun Yuan kept retreating, but his footsteps gradually became stable. He flipped his sword and turned it into nine sword shadows.
"Nine World Mantra Sword!"
The Nine World Mantra Sword was a supreme sword scripture, and only the direct descendants of the Taishi Palace could cultivate it. Even the disciples who hadn't entered the Nirvana Realm could unleash its great power.
Although Xun had cultivated the Sword Doctrine before, she was used to using a spear most of her life. She had to start over in the Taishi Palace.
She didn't defeat Chun Yuan in the first round, so she didn't have another chance!
"Break World!"
"Origin World!"
"Orchid World!"
Chun Yuan fought steadily. His every move was like a textbook. There were almost no flaws.
Xun couldn't do it even if she wanted to. Occasionally, she would stab with her sword, but it was easily deflected by Chun Yuan. She could only retreat step by step.
Seeing that Chun Yuan had gained the upper hand, the direct descendants cheered.
"That's it, Chun Yuan!"
"If you defeat this woman, they will pack up and leave!"
"With his talent, it's a joke if he stays in the Taishi Palace!"
Xun bit her lips, and her expression became extremely focused.
Although she had done her best, her opponent's sword style was so perfect. Such an opponent was not someone she could defeat at her current level.
"Swift Realm!"
"Realm Crossing!"
Chun Yuan's sword aura became more and more ferocious, like a monster that was slowly opening its mouth to reveal its fangs.
"World Extermination!"
He swung his sword at Xun's head, and Xun's face darkened.
"Smoke! Just admit defeat! "
"The Crown Prince's Palace is no big deal. I'll just leave!"
Han Liusu and Mu Ning were also extremely anxious, loudly urging.
However, Xun was clearly aware that she was unable to counterattack or even dodge this attack. If she was struck by this attack, then she would probably be heavily injured even if she didn't die!
Just as the sword was about to reach Xun, a finger quietly reached over and clamped down on the sword's edge.
Under the pressure of the two fingers, cracks began to appear on the edge of the sword like a spider web. Chun Yuan's sword was actually crushed by the two fingers!
Xun didn't look back, but when she saw the pair of hands, a smile bloomed on her face. She turned around and hugged Luo Zheng.
When Han Liusu and Mu Ning saw Luo Zheng suddenly appear, their faces lit up with joy and they quickly gathered around.
"Who are you! How dare you break my sword! "
Chun Yuan's face became extremely ugly when he saw his sword being crushed by a single finger.
Luo Zheng glanced at him indifferently and asked, "Xun, why are you fighting with them?"
When he rushed over, Xun was already retreating in defeat. Looking at their fierce battle, it was definitely not as simple as just exchanging pointers.
Xun's personality was independent and she didn't want Luo Zheng to stand up for her. She calmly said, "It's nothing."
On the side, Mu Ning said, "These people want to force us out of the Crown Prince's Palace. They've been constantly provoking us these days!"
With this, Luo Zheng understood in his heart.
"Our Crown Prince's Palace only accepts direct descendants. How can the three of them stay here to cultivate?"
"And they're taking up our resources …"
"…"
Those direct descendants also said one after another.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was far higher than these people, but these direct descendants were not afraid of him. Who would dare to attack them in the Crown Prince's Palace?
But what they didn't know was that Luo Zheng defeated Feng Ge a few months ago here.
After listening to the complaints of these direct descendants of the Crown Prince's Palace, Luo Zheng smiled gently and said to Xun, "In that case, we'll leave."
Han Liusu and Mu Ning were originally cultivating in Dragon City, but they were "invited" by Feng Ge. Luo Zheng didn't care about the resources of the Crown Prince's Palace now, so there was no need to force them to stay here.
The three women had been with Feng Ge for some time, so they had some feelings for him. Now that Feng Ge was not here, they had nothing to worry about. Naturally, they were willing to leave with Luo Zheng.
"Okay, let's go back and pack up. We'll leave here," Mu Ning said and glared fiercely at those direct descendants.
Just as Luo Zhenghe and the others were about to come over, Chunyuan said, "Wait, you broke my Nine Words Sword and you want to leave just like that?"
As a direct descendant of the Crown Prince's Palace, he felt superior in the entire Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
Moreover, the direct descendants were divided into distant and close ones. Chun Yuan's mother was Concubine Qin, who had a high status in the Crown Prince's Palace. Chun Yuan's brother was from the Land of Sword Grief and was very strong.
Although Chun Yuan had just entered the Nirvana Realm, he was quite respected in the Crown Prince's Palace.
Just now, he was about to defeat Xun, but Luo Zheng suddenly appeared and broke his Nine Words Sword. How could Chun Yuan allow Luo Zheng to leave?
"Then what do you want? You want me to compensate you with a sword? "Luo Zheng showed an interesting smile.
Chun Yuan sneered and said, "Do I look like someone who cares about a sword? You can break my sword at will because your cultivation is higher than mine. Then, my brother's cultivation is higher than yours. Can he also break your sword at will? "
Chun Yuan had not even stepped into the Nirvana Realm. Naturally, he could not challenge Luo Zheng.
However, his brother Chun Xuan happened to be in the Crown Prince's Palace. Chun Yuan had just used a voice transmission to inform his brother. Now that Chun Xuan was on his way, he naturally did not want to let Luo Zheng go.
Chun Yuan was not even 20 years old. Why would Luo Zheng care about a child?
Just as he was about to leave with Xun's hand, another person came in from the entrance of the Qianlian Palace.
This person's skin was dark and his arms were unusually long. His eyes were as sharp as a poisonous snake.
As soon as he stepped through the gate of the Qianlian Palace, he did not budge an inch and blocked Luo Zheng's path. There was a trace of coldness and disdain on his black face. "Chunyuan, who crushed your sword?"
This person was Chun Yuan's brother, Chun Xuan.
"He's the one who crushed my sword! He is not from the Crown Prince's Palace! "
Chun Yuan pointed at Luo Zheng and said. At the same time, he was observing Luo Zheng's expression.
Chun Yuan originally thought that Luo Zheng's expression would be ugly. One had to know that his brother had entered the Sword Grief Ground and was an expert who had surpassed the Chaotic Origin Realm!
But Luo Zheng's performance disappointed Chun Yuan. His expression did not change at all. Instead, he said with an indifferent tone, "It's fine if we stop sparring. Previously, when your little brother wanted to kill me, I naturally had to stop him."
Chaotic Origin Realm expert was one realm higher than Luo Zheng. Such a person should have a decent cultivation and self-restraint.

Chapter 2998
Resisting head-on
These direct disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace had all inherited the bloodline of Eastern Emperor.
And their status was related to their bloodline, talent, and strength.
Chun Xuan's talent was slightly weaker than Feng Ge's, but he was ultimately an expert who stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Those who entered the Land of Sword Grief did not place ordinary disciples of the Heaven Palace in their eyes. Furthermore, Xun and the others were not direct disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace. In his eyes, it did not matter even if he killed them.
As for Luo Zheng, Chun Xuan only knew which mountain he was a core disciple from.
But no matter which mountain he was from, he would not place him in his eyes.
Luo Zheng had already restrained himself in the Supreme Lineage Palace. After all, he did not come here to cause trouble. Even if Chun Yuan nearly killed Xun, he did not bicker about it.
But hearing Chun Xuan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a strand of undetectable anger.
The direct disciples present all had smug looks on their faces.
A mere outsider from the Supreme Lineage Palace dared to interfere in the matters of their direct disciples. He was indeed daring.
Even if this person was stronger, he had not reached the Nirvana Realm. Previously, he had casually crushed Chun Yuan's sword. Now that Chun Xuan was here, he would immediately suffer!
Especially Chun Yuan. With his elder brother supporting him, his arrogance soared. He said: "It is our Supreme Lineage Palace that has been too low-profile. Some random cats and dogs from the Heaven Palace actually dared to come here and show off!"
"Right! There are indeed some people who do not know the immensity of Heaven and Earth! "
"Is our Supreme Lineage Palace a place where these people can come and go as they please?"
Those direct descendants agreed one after another. With Chun Xuan here, the superiority in their bones was undeniable.
Luo Zheng had once fought with Feng Ge in the Heavenly Refinement Palace. Several direct disciples recognized him. But Feng Ge had not reached the Chaotic Origin Realm. He could not be mentioned in the same breath as Chun Xuan.
Xun, Han Liusu and Mu Ning frowned. Mu Ning even pulled Luo Zheng and said: "Luo Zheng, let's go …"
Luo Zheng did not move. From the current situation, it seemed that these people would not let him leave easily even if he wanted to. The edge of his lips edged upwards. He stared at Chun Xuan and said: "This one does not know how to write the word 'Death'. Please enlighten me."
Chun Xuan's black and long eyebrows suddenly straightened, and a trace of surprise flashed in the depths of his pupils.
But those who cultivated to Luo Zheng's level should understand how important the Chaotic Origin Realm was. Especially since the Chaotic Origin Great World was about to open. It was impossible for this brat to not know about it! Knowing his strength, he still dared to teach him. Either he had something to rely on, or he was an idiot.
"Teach?" Chun Xuan seemed to have heard an extremely funny joke. "What qualifications do you have to teach me?"
The direct disciples also roared with laughter.
The difference in strength between those at the Chaotic Origin Realm and those who weren't at the Chaotic Origin Realm was like the difference between heaven and earth. Chun Xuan's fleshy body had reached a whole new level. With such a huge gap, Chun Xuan still dared to talk about imparting pointers. Naturally, he would be mocked by them.
"Brother Chunxuan, he wants you to teach him a lesson!"
"Yes! Teach him a lesson! "
"…"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. There was a dangerous glint in his eyes. Immediately after, he said to Han Liusu and the others, "Step back."
"Luo Zheng …" Xun looked concerned.
They had heard of how strong the Chaotic Origin Realm was in the Heavenly Refining Palace. Their entire fleshy body and soul had been refined to another level. They were considered another lifeform.
Even though they had always believed in Luo Zheng's strength, this wasn't the Divine Realm. It was the Origin World where experts were born!
"Don't worry." Luo Zheng chuckled.
Xun nodded. She retreated with Han Liusu and Mu Ning. The confidence that Luo Zheng revealed made them feel slightly more at ease.
Chun Yuan and the other direct disciples also moved aside, opening up a space for Luo Zheng and Chun Xuan.
Ever since Chun Xuan stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm, he had never sparred with anyone below the Chaotic Origin Realm. In his opinion, those below the Chaotic Origin Realm were all juniors. Fighting with them was simply lowering his status. But today, for the sake of his little brother, he naturally had to teach this person a lesson.
Of course, in his opinion, dealing with this person was something that could be done in the blink of an eye!
"If those fellows in the Land of Sword Grief knew that I fought with a junior, I'm afraid that I would lose all my face." The arrogance in Chun Xuan's eyes was completely revealed. He suddenly pushed off the ground with the tip of his foot and punched towards Luo Zheng without any warning.
After undergoing the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, Chun Xuan's fist had undergone a qualitative change.
Under the terrifying eruption of energy, it was like condensing thousands of mountains!
Just this fist alone was enough to make this brat suffer. It was even possible to kill him with this fist!
But facing this fist, Luo Zheng actually chose to stand at his original position and not evade at all!
Chun Xuan felt slightly puzzled. He truly could not understand where this brat's confidence came from? Or did he really have a problem with his head?
Luo Zheng lightly raised his arm. The Sealing Stone Solution had already surged within his body. From his spine to his arm bones, everything turned pitch-black. He extended his hand and grabbed at Chun Xuan's fist!
When the direct disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace saw this, their eyes were filled with excitement.
"Does he not know how terrifying the Chaotic Origin Realm is?"
"Just the strength he can unleash is enough to smash him into pieces!"
"He actually dares to grab it with his bare hands! Heavens! "
Under the watchful eyes of everyone, Chun Xuan's fist smashed against Luo Zheng's palm.
"Pa!"
When the palm and fist clashed, a crisp sound could be heard.
The energy that spread out tore through space and spread out in all directions. At the same time when this crisp sound could be heard, the direct disciples who were watching felt a sharp pain on their faces and ears. It was as if a palm had slapped across their faces from the void.
By the time they regained their senses, their eyes were wide open. Luo Zheng had actually grabbed onto Chun Xuan's fist!
It was not just these direct disciples who were startled. Even Chun Xuan frowned.
Luo Zheng said: "Be more serious. Draw your sword!"
After saying that, he abruptly pushed Chun Xuan back. He actually pushed Chun Xuan back seven to eight steps!
Those direct disciples did not expect it to be like this. They guessed that Chun Xuan should have underestimated his opponent …
However, Chun Xuan understood in his heart that his punch contained more than nine hundred Godly Jun of Nirvana Realm strength. It was definitely not something that a junior like Luo Zheng could withstand. More importantly, Luo Zheng looked like he was just casually patting him and he looked relaxed!
Even though he did not want to admit it, Chun Xuan subconsciously felt a strand of fear. Even though this person had not undergone the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, his fleshy body was extraordinary. But it was still not enough for Chun Xuan to treat him seriously.
"Draw my sword? Are you worthy? "
Chun Xuan chuckled. His figure moved as he charged towards Luo Zheng once again.
The Paramita Energy continued flowing in his Dantian. This time, the strength he exerted had exceeded 1,000 divine catties! This was the limit of the fleshy body beneath the Chaotic Origin Realm. He did not believe that Luo Zheng could withstand it!
"Hong hong hong hong!"
Chun Xuan punched out with both fists. Every strike contained a might that could split mountains and split seas.
Luo Zheng's expression remained calm. His arms moved up and down. Every time, he would accurately block Chun Xuan's fists.

Chapter 2999
Not Heavy Mountain
After a period of adaptation, Luo Zheng's control over the Sealing Stone Solution became stronger and stronger.
The Sealing Stone Solution could easily fuse into his internal organs, bones, and skin. When he continuously blocked, he could also divert the force to where the Sealing Stone Solution was, allowing the Sealing Stone Solution to withstand Chun Xuan's attacks.
Even if Chun Xuan could unleash a force of more than 1,000 Divine Jun, it was still easily blocked by Luo Zheng.
"As I said, be more serious." Luo Zheng continued looking at Chun Xuan with a nonchalant gaze.
A disciple of the Heaven Palace who had yet to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm did not seem as though he was facing a great enemy. Instead, he was so calm.
Chun Xuan was slightly unable to accept it. His heart realm became slightly irritable.
Naturally, he would not listen to Luo Zheng's words. He lightly stepped on the ground, causing his figure to become extremely elegant. Once again, he entangled Luo Zheng and attacked him ferociously.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng's fleshy body was, there was ultimately a limit. Chun Xuan did not believe that this brat could continue blocking like this!
Facing Chun Xuan's storm-like fists, Luo Zheng remained steady.
Not only could he block Chun Xuan's fists, he could even choose to counterattack during the gaps.
In terms of Divine Jun force, Luo Zheng's Mighty God Totem was not weak either. With the force of more than 1,000 Divine Jun flowing out, and with his arm strengthened by the Sealing Stone Solution, the force of more than 1,000 Divine Jun could not be underestimated.
But Chun Xuan was indeed a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. The toughness of his fleshy body far surpassed any opponent Luo Zheng had met before.
If it was an ordinary Paramita Realm expert, he would most likely be smashed into pieces after being struck by Luo Zheng. But Chun Xuan's body was as tough as steel. He did not move at all!
"Hong! Hong! Hong … "
Those direct disciples had already retreated far away.
Every time the two of them collided, there would be a violent explosion. If they were close enough, just the aftershocks would be enough to injure them. There were a few direct disciples whose faces were swollen like pig heads. This was because they had been too close to the two of them, and were affected by the aftershocks.
When they saw this scene, their mouths were wide open. They were dumbfounded.
It was fine if it was Chun Xuan. But what was going on with that Luo Zheng? This was simply two Chaotic Origin Realm experts fighting each other! But Luo Zheng wasn't even at the Chaotic Origin Realm. What qualifications did he have?
"Luo Zheng has become stronger again …" Mu Ning's eyes turned into crescent moons as she smiled.
"He's always getting stronger. He's never stopped," Kaoru said.
Among the three women, Xun had been with Luo Zheng the longest.
From the lower realms to the higher realms, from the universe to the God Domain, Luo Zheng was growing at every moment. Now, Luo Zheng's performance was indeed shocking, but Xun was already used to it.
Chun Xuan was also extremely shocked.
He suspected that Luo Zheng was not human at all. Was this guy's body made of divine weapons?
Even though Chun Xuan's fleshy body was incomparably strong, the Chaotic Origin Reconstructed fleshy body could not withstand endless attacks. After the reconstructed fleshy body was saturated with attacks, it would gradually become fatigued. And when the fatigue reached a certain limit, the strength of the fleshy body would plummet.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was still in high spirits after being hit by his fists so many times. He didn't look tired at all.
"Get, back for me!"
Chun Xuan suddenly lowered his body. He tilted his shoulder and sent out a bow fist. He actually forced Luo Zheng back, causing him to gasp for breath.
As Luo Zheng retreated, his legs slid across the ground for a distance. His body was light and his expression was still as calm as water. His face wasn't red, and his heart wasn't pounding.
The majority of Chun Yuan's explosive strength was received by the Sealing Stone Solution. Furthermore, Luo Zheng's fleshy body was fundamentally different from Chun Yuan's. In such a prolonged battle, the one who was at a disadvantage would definitely not be Luo Zheng.
The state of the two was seen by those direct disciples. It was easy to judge who was superior.
"Chun Yuan, it seems that your elder brother's stamina is running out." A direct disciple said.
"Nonsense!" Chun Yuan angrily retorted, "Just you wait. Watch how my elder brother cleaves him into two!"
In Chun Yuan's heart, his elder brother was his role model and also his goal. How could he tolerate his elder brother being defeated by a disciple of the Heavenly Palace?
Chun Xuan's eyes stared at Luo Zheng like a poisonous snake. Although he didn't squeeze the power of his Nirvana Realm Token to the limit, his opponent didn't seem to have reached his limit either. Luo Zheng even gave Chun Xuan an unfathomable feeling.
Chun Xuan also felt that this feeling was ridiculous. His long arm hung down and his finger gently pressed on the Sumeru Ring. Blood flowed out from the ring.
The blood didn't flow on the ground randomly. It was arranged according to a certain pattern and finally turned into the shape of a snowflake. As Chun Xuan made a grasping gesture, a red sword was pulled out from the center of the blood-colored snowflake.
"Since you want me to pull out my sword, I can only fulfill your wish." Chun Xuan gently lifted the blood-colored sword and said proudly, "Swords have no eyes. If I accidentally kill you, don't complain on the road to hell!"
As Chun Xuan suddenly shook the blood-colored sword, the Nirvana Realm Token in his inner world was also brought out. It was actually a mini hill.
This hill was the Nirvana Realm Token in the fourteenth heaven, named Bu Zhong Mountain!
In the fourteenth heaven of the Desire Realm, "Guan Jing Tian", there were tall and steep mountains. The "Mountain Spirits" born from these mountains could be fused with the Nirvana Realm Token. These Mountain Spirits were extremely light, but they could often erupt with a powerful force. They were the best among the strengthening Nirvana Realm Tokens.
Therefore, it was called "Bu Zhong Mountain" by the world, and Bu Zhong Mountain was divided into grades. Chun Xuan's Bu Zhong Mountain was a top-grade one. The power it contained was even more powerful than ordinary Mountain Spirits.
Chun Xuan brought out Bu Zhong Mountain in order to end this battle quickly!
As the Bu Zhong Mountain shook slightly, Chun Xuan's aura surged again. His feet suddenly stepped on the ground, and the blood-colored sword went straight to Luo Zheng like a swimming dragon!
"Swoosh!"
This blood-colored sword had the ability to penetrate everything.
Looking at Chun Xuan's aggressive approach, Luo Zheng's face finally became serious. He couldn't take this sword head-on!
"Da!"
Luo Zheng leaned back abruptly and leaped to avoid Chun Xuan's sharp edge.
But Chun Xuan even brought out the Nirvana Realm Token. How could he let Luo Zheng escape?
"Nine Realms Mantra!"
"Entanglement Realm!"
Chun Xuan gently shook his blood-red sword, and the sharp sword light began to distort. It was like a gecko that was moving around. It seemed to be attacking Luo Zheng but not attacking at the same time.
After all, the Nine Realms Mantra Sword used by Chun Xuan was a supreme sword technique that was not taught to outsiders. With Chun Xuan's profound cultivation, its power was thousands of times stronger than Chun Yuan's, and it was almost flawless!
While Luo Zheng was retreating, he kept moving and dodging, but he was always within the range of the "Entanglement Realm".
The target of the Nine Realms Mantra Sword was not a point, but a range. Luo Zheng who was in the range couldn't avoid it.
Luo Zheng didn't know the reason. Unable to dodge, his right eye suddenly flashed a red light.
Chun Xuan originally wanted to entangle Luo Zheng completely. After touching the red light, his heart suddenly trembled. There was a flaw in the "Entanglement Realm".

Chapter 3000
The Growing Statue.
Seeing Luo Zheng escape from the range of his entanglement, Chun Xuan's face revealed a hint of anger.
He did not know what was going on with the red light in Luo Zheng's right eye, but that fear was real even though it only lasted for an instant.
"Unorthodox Dao!"
Chun Xuan roared. The blood-colored sword in his hand once again pierced through space, shooting out several sword lights!
"Shua shua shua …"
Luo Zheng knew that he would be defeated sooner or later if he kept running away.
Luo Zheng's Snow-Covered Longsword suddenly slashed out from nine different directions in the face of the oncoming sword rays.
"Nine Flashes Dissecting Light!"
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Nine bright white sword lights slashed out at Chun Xuan's sword lights at an unimaginable speed.
But Chun Xuan's sword lights were extremely stable. Furthermore, the Paramita Energy contained within was higher than Luo Zheng's. Even though Luo Zheng's Nine Flashes Dissecting Sword was extremely fast, it was not powerful enough. As the two sword lights clashed, Luo Zheng's nine sword lights were easily shattered.
Luo Zheng could not stop Chun Xuan's sword lights. He could only retreat and dodge once again. He looked quite miserable.
"How can the gap in cultivation be so easily made up for?" Chun Xuan wielded his sword and moved closer to Luo Zheng as he spoke.
Those direct disciples nodded subconsciously. This scene was normal. How could Luo Zheng fight against a Chaotic Origin Expert?
But Chun Xuan had some doubts in his heart.
Even though he did not know what the red light in Luo Zheng's right eye was, any Paramita Talisman that could disturb one's mind was unique. The majority belonged to the mysterious category of Paramita Talisman. And the mysterious category of Paramita Talisman usually did not have a strong Paramita Energy.
Even the mysterious category of Paramita Talisman in the 14th Heaven could only unleash a force of 200 to 300 Divine Jun.
This brat had just unleashed a force of more than 1,000 Divine Jun. Did he have two Paramita Talismans?
As he pondered, he casually slashed out with his blood-colored sword.
"Realm Extermination!"
Those sword lights contained an extreme sense of destruction. As long as one was touched by the sword light, it would cause terrifying damage.
Facing such an attack, Luo Zheng could only dodge even more carefully.
One person kept advancing while the other kept retreating. Soon, Luo Zheng was out of the Qianlian Palace.
The palace maids and attendants passing by turned pale with fright when they saw this scene and fled. The attendants guarding the Taishi Palace also recognized Chun Xuan and they did not dare to stop him.
Xun, Mu Ning, and the others also followed closely behind. After Luo Zheng fell into a disadvantageous position, their faces revealed a look of worry. They watched Luo Zheng move and dodge in the midst of the Sword Qi. If he was not careful, there was a possibility that he would die. They were also worried.
"So, we're going to have to use the Weapon of Civilization? That's fine too … "
Luo Zheng told Imperial Concubine Yan and Qiu Yinhe about the Tenebrous Realm. However, he did not mention the Weapon of Civilization.
Imperial Concubine Yan wanted to seal the flame of memory of "Hu Yun," but Hu Yun let the flame of memory dissipate at the last moment. In this way, the secrets of the Green Jade Civilization and the Weapon of Civilization could not be found.
However, after Feng Ge recovered, he would mention it to his mother sooner or later. This secret could not be kept forever.
As Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, the shadow of the Weapon of Civilization appeared in his Inner World. Luo Zheng reached out and waved his hand, and a jade carving appeared in front of him.
It was a giant green jade beast. Its body was less than a foot tall.
"Hum …"
This giant green jade beast stood in place, motionless. It looked like an ordinary jade carving.
Chun Xuan, who had been pressuring Luo Zheng step by step, had a strange look on his face when he saw this giant green jade beast. The corner of his mouth slightly raised, revealing a smile. "This is your Paramita Talisman? Descending Type? "
Saying that, his blood sword trembled, causing a sword light to shoot out at the giant green jade beast. He wanted to shatter this giant green jade beast with a single slash.
"Kuang!"
The sword light struck the surface of the giant green jade beast, emitting a crisp sound. It left behind a deep sword scar.
"This Paramita Talisman is quite sturdy. But how many sword strikes can it withstand?"
Chun Xuan slashed out three times in a row. The World Extinguishing Sword that contained a destructive aura struck down several times, causing this giant green jade beast to shatter. It turned into emerald green fragments and gradually disappeared.
Descending Type Paramita Talismans could be destroyed. The moment it was destroyed, it would require a large amount of God Crystals to repair it.
Chun Yuan and the other direct disciples burst into laughter when they saw this scene.
"What descending Type Paramita Talisman? What a joke!"
"This is the weakest descending Type Paramita Talisman I've ever seen …"
"Most descending Type Paramita Talismans are stronger because they can break through the limits of the fleshy body. But what the hell is this descending Type Paramita Talisman?"
A fleshy body that had yet to undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction could not withstand a force of 1,000 Divine Jun. But descending Type Paramita Talismans did not require the fleshy body to bear the force. They could break through this limit. For instance, Feng Ge's' King of Stone Mound 'could erupt with a force of more than 1,000 Divine Jun.
This statue of Luo Zheng did not move at all. Instead, it shattered with a single slash. It was truly incomprehensible. Hence, it was reasonable for them to ridicule him.
But the moment Chun Xuan shattered this Paramita Talisman, Luo Zheng's hand lightly brushed through the air.
"Weng!"
Another Paramita Talisman appeared by his side. That was a second giant green jade beast.
"What the hell?" Chun Xuan was slightly startled.
Chun Yuan and the others revealed a puzzled look.
Previously, that giant green jade beast statue had been shattered by Chun Xuan, yet they did not see Luo Zheng repairing it with God Crystals. Furthermore, it would take some time for a shattered Paramita Talisman to be repaired …
Could they be wrong?
Luo Zheng's Paramita Talisman was not a descending Type Paramita Talisman?
Then what was the use of the giant green jade beast he summoned?
Chun Xuan was slightly impatient. He did not know what tricks Luo Zheng was playing. He flew up and slashed out with his blood-colored sword, smashing it against the giant green jade beast statue.
"Hong!"
The second giant green jade beast statue was shattered by Chun Xuan once again.
At the same time, Chun Xuan chased after Luo Zheng.
He did not care what the uses of these green jade statues were. He just wanted to deal with this brat!
Facing Chun Xuan's pursuit, Luo Zheng remained calm.
He could not resist against Chun Xuan's Nine Words Sword. Hence, he was constantly dodging and retreating. And as he retreated, he kept releasing more and more giant green jade beast statues.
If someone was more careful and observed carefully, these giant green jade beast statues were gradually growing. Starting from the first statue, each statue was bigger than the previous one!
Under Chun Xuan's pursuit, he soon discovered this problem.
'These green jade statues are somewhat strange …'
Out of instinct, Chun Xuan did not let any of the statues go. Along the way, all the statues released by Luo Zheng were destroyed by him.
Because he had to destroy these statues, Chun Xuan slowed down his pace of chasing after Luo Zheng.
When Chun Xuan destroyed the tenth statue, a new problem appeared.

Chapter 3001
Without end.
Originally, Chun Xuan only needed one or two sword strikes to shatter the green jade statue. Now, he needed more than ten sword strikes.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
After more than ten sword strikes, the green jade statue in front of Chun Xuan exploded.
However, as soon as he shattered this statue, Luo Zheng, who was not far away, casually took out another green jade statue.
This green jade statue was even more burly, and its body was even larger!
"This won't do. There's no end to this!"
Chun Xuan realized that getting rid of Luo Zheng was the fundamental solution. Luo Zheng placed a green jade statue and he destroyed it, it was very stupid.
However, just as Chun Xuan was about to give up on attacking the green jade statue and directly rush towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng flipped his hand and a chessboard appeared in his hand.
The dark green chessboard was obviously made of green jade.
There were nine vertical lines and nine horizontal lines on the chessboard, with a total of ninety-one intersections.
When he took out the chessboard, there was only one green chess piece on it!
Luo Zheng's middle finger pressed on the chess piece, and he moved it a little.
The Green Jade Giant Beast statue that was originally standing on the spot came to life. It took a step forward and grabbed towards Chun Xuan.
Chun Xuan thought that these green jade statues were used by Luo Zheng to set up the formation, so he couldn't move at all. He didn't expect that he would be grabbed by the giant green jade statue.
"You're courting death!"
Chun Xuan was really angry.
He didn't want to destroy these green jade statues because it would take too much time and energy.
But how could such a statue be his match?
When the green jade statue dragged him back, Chun Xuan twisted his body and the sharp sword aura circled around him a few times.
"Kuang kuang kuang kuang …"
Along with a few crisp sounds, Chun Xuan's long sword finally cut the green jade statue into pieces.
"Brother Chunxuan is still amazing!"
"That kid's Nirvana Token is a little strange, but he will still lose in the end!"
Just as the Taishi Palace's disciples were discussing, a direct descendant pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Look …"
Luo Zheng held the green jade chessboard in one hand and waved his other hand gently. Another Green Jade Giant Beast statue appeared next to him. This Green Jade Giant Beast statue was bigger and more ferocious.
As far as the eye could see, a faint green energy could be seen flowing around its body.
Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile and pressed Chun Xuan Xuan's Token Giant Beast Statue
The green jade beast statue had been shattered by Chun Xuan, and the green chess piece on the chessboard had also been destroyed by Luo Zheng's fingertips. Now, Luo Zheng was controlling the chess piece beside him.
Xuan, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng Xuan, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Luo is Nirvana Nirvana?
It was difficult to define the Weapon of Civilization that Luo Zheng fused as a single Nirvana Token. It had the characteristics of descending, strengthening, mystery, and even support.
In order to avoid being hunted by the Wu Kong Clan, the Green Jade Civilization suppressed the power of a civilization. Even so, it could still give Luo Zheng terrifying means. For example, the chessboard that Luo Zheng had now could allow the Green Jade Giant Beast statue to descend.
Every time Luo Zheng descended on the Green Jade Giant Beast statue, the statue's power would increase. The more the Green Jade Giant Beast descended, the more powerful it would become.
The only drawback was that it consumed a terrifying amount of Divine Gems.
Luo Zheng did not want to use the Weapon of Civilization to deal with Chun Xuan, but Luo Zheng had no choice as Chun Xuan was pressuring him.
Just as the Green Jade Giant Beast was charging at Chun Xuan, Luo Zheng waved his hand and another Green Jade Giant Beast statue descended. Another chess piece appeared on his chessboard!
When Chun Xuan saw the two Green Jade Giant Beasts charging at him one after another, he finally had a bad feeling.
These Green Jade Giant Beasts were getting stronger and stronger. If this continued, would there be no end to it?
The Green Jade Giant Beast statue that he just defeated had the power of about eight hundred Divine Gems. That was only the twelfth statue. What about the other two statues in front of him?
Just as Chun Xuan came into contact with these two statues, he already got the answer.
The thirteenth statue had the power of nine hundred Divine Gems …
The power of the fourteenth statue directly broke through one thousand Divine Gems!
With one hundred Divine Gems as the unit, the power of these Green Jade Giant Beasts increased rapidly. Correspondingly, the strength of these statues was also increasing!
"Kuang kuang kuang kuang …"
Chun Xuan shuttled between the two statues and slashed.
The speed of these two statues was slightly slow and it was difficult for them to catch Chun Xuan. However, under Chun Xuan's continuous slashing, he only managed to cut off some Green Jade Giant Beasts!
When Chun Yuan and the direct disciples saw this, they looked at each other with a confused expression.
The descending Nirvana Realm token was very powerful because it did not require the user to bear the power. However, it also had a huge limitation. It could not grow along with the user's growth. Some ambitious Nirvana Realm cultivators were not willing to choose this kind of Nirvana Realm token.
However, these statues that Luo Zheng had descended were a little too strong, weren't they?
Not far away, the guards of the Tai Yi Palace also gathered together and watched this battle with great interest.
Many of these guards retired from the Tai Yi Wei Palace. They were not weak and had great insight.
In the beginning, they were the same as the direct disciples. They thought that Chun Xuan would definitely win this battle.
After all, he was a powerful cultivator from the Land of Sword Grief!
However, when they saw Luo Zheng descending one after another strange statues, the situation began to change.
"It's impossible for that kid to summon more Green Jade Giant Beasts …"
"But I think he has no limit at all!"
"If these statues continue to grow, wouldn't they be able to overturn the entire Heavenly Palace?"
One of the guards suddenly came up with such a conclusion.
The other guards looked at that guard and shook their heads in unison.
"Impossible!"
"There are strong and weak tokens in the Nirvana Realm. However, they all follow a general pattern. I think that kid is only at the Thirteenth Heaven. It's impossible for him to get such a powerful Nirvana Realm token!"
The First Heaven also had extremely powerful Nirvana Realm tokens. The Thirteenth Heaven also had Nirvana Realm tokens that were more powerful than the Fourteenth Heaven. However, there would not be a huge difference.
There might be a Nirvana Realm token that could overturn the Heavenly Palace, but it would not appear in the Thirteenth Heaven.
"Damn it!"
Chun Xuan flew into a rage out of humiliation. His black hair stood straight up.
A primitive and unique power was emitted from his body.
As this power spread out, a melodious sound of a bell rang out ….
"Brother has finally summoned his bloodline!"
"Brother Chun Xuan's bloodline is very pure. If he can summon the Donghuang Bell, it will be very terrifying!"
"…"
Chun Xuan flicked his blood-colored long sword and spat out the word "suppress". Then, the long sword swept past the two green jade statues. Immediately, two large bell phantoms fell straight down.
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
The two large bell shadows covered the green jade statues. In the blink of an eye, the two green jade statues turned into countless fingertip-sized fragments.
"Hmph!"
After Chun Xuan suppressed them with his bloodline, he looked at Luo Zheng again. The scene that he saw almost made him faint.

Chapter 3002
Consort Qin
Luo Zheng's finger once again pressed down on the three chess pieces on the chessboard.
The 15th, 16th and 17th gigantic Green Jade Beast sculptures were instantly activated by Luo Zheng. The three gigantic Green Jade Beasts began charging towards Chun Xuan.
Every time a gigantic Green Jade Beast descended, their strength and fleshy body would grow once more.
The strength of these three gigantic Green Jade Beasts was comparable to ordinary Chaotic Origin Realm experts. Their fleshy body was slightly weaker.
Even though Chun Xuan was a Chaotic Origin Realm expert, it was still slightly difficult for him to deal with them.
He was practically gritting his teeth and squeezing out the bloodline in his body. The blood sword seemed to contain endless energy. It transformed into a huge bell before smashing down on the gigantic Green Jade Beast.
"Kuang!"
"Kuang kuang!"
"Kuang …"
The 15th gigantic Green Jade Beast was still easily killed by Chun Xuan.
But the 16th gigantic Green Jade Beast actually withstood a single attack from the Eastern Emperor Bell. Many cracks appeared on its body. Only when Chun Xuan attacked it a second time did this gigantic Green Jade Beast shatter.
And the 17th gigantic Green Jade Beast only had a single crack after being attacked by the Eastern Emperor Bell. One could see how strong its fleshy body was!
Those imperial guards who were watching the battle from afar inhaled a breath of cold air when they saw this scene.
"Isn't the descending jade sculptures too terrifying?"
"Chun Xuan activated his Paramita Token and bloodline yet he could not shatter them?"
"Can he really make these jade sculptures stronger?"
Such a technique was simply unheard of.
Not just those imperial guards, even the direct disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace had ashen expressions.
In their eyes, Chun Xuan who was unparalleled was simply a joke right now. Currently, he could not even touch the sleeves of Luo Zheng. He was completely exhausted from dealing with these jade sculptures. This outcome had completely exceeded their mental defenses.
Especially Chun Xuan. His expression was pale. His mouth opened and closed. He did not know what to say.
Chun Xuan was puzzled too.
How could a Paramita Realm expert from the Color Realm be so difficult to deal with?
If he were to lose in the hands of Luo Zheng today, he would become a huge laughingstock.
Due to the anger in his heart, he crazily squeezed out his Nirvana token and bloodline power. The Donghuang Bell silhouettes came crashing down madly. After smashing seven times, he finally smashed the fifteenth statue into pieces.
"He is indeed a Chaotic Origin expert …" Luo Zheng nonchalantly said.
The power that Chun Xuan unleashed was already close to two thousand Godly Jun, and with the addition of the illusory image of the Eastern Emperor Bell, the power was even stronger.
Without relying on his Civilization Tool, Luo Zheng could not defeat Chun Xuan.
It was no wonder that the Chaotic Origin Realm was known as the Chaotic Origin Rebirth Realm. After stepping into this realm, it was as though the cultivator had been reborn.
Luo Zheng began to look forward to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"However, the seventeenth and eighteenth Green Jade Beasts should be enough to defeat you …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he pressed his finger on the chessboard. Two more chess pieces were pushed out by Luo Zheng.
The green jade spirit told Luo Zheng that this green jade chessboard was a small chessboard. It could only hold 81 chess pieces. The limit of the green jade spirits that Luo Zheng could summon was 91. To summon so many green jade spirits, the amount of divine crystals he had to consume was an astronomical figure!
If the Green Jade Civilization ascended to the Desire Realm and removed the suppression of the Color Realm, it could bestow Luo Zheng an even bigger chessboard. That chessboard had 19 horizontal lines and could send down a total of 361 Green Jade Lifeforms!
"Guang, guang, guang, guang …"
Two huge Green Jade Beasts that were close to three meters long were running on the bluestone path of the Taishi Palace.
Chun Xuan had spent quite a bit of his Paramita Energy to deal with the previous three Green Jade Beasts. At this moment, he was showing signs of fatigue.
What was supporting Chun Xuan now was his reputation as a direct descendant of the Eastern Emperor!
He no longer hoped to defeat Luo Zheng. Facing the incoming Green Jade Beasts, he frantically absorbed God Crystals to replenish the energy of his Paramita Talisman.
The Paramita Talisman could be replenished with God Crystals. But bloodline energy could not be replenished. If he wanted to defeat these two Green Jade Beasts, he could only crazily squeeze out his bloodline energy.
"Shatter, shatter, shatter …"
Chun Xuan roared as he charged towards the two Green Jade Beasts.
Many Eastern Emperor Bell phantoms came crashing down along with his blood-colored sword. This divine ability that had never failed unleashed a terrifying suppression.
This path within the Taishi Palace was already in a mess. But the two Green Jade Beasts seemed to be forged from iron. Facing the suppression of the Eastern Emperor Bell phantoms, only cracks could be seen on the surface of their bodies. They were not greatly affected.
Just as Chun Xuan was attacking, one of the Green Jade Beasts abruptly charged forward and grabbed at Chun Xuan.
The Green Jade Beasts did not have any unique divine abilities. They relied on their own strength and fleshy body.
Previously, Chun Xuan had dodged the attacks of the Green Jade Beasts several times. But as the Green Jade Beasts continued growing stronger, Chun Xuan could not evade this grab!
"Shua! Hong! "
After grabbing Chun Xuan, the Green Jade Beasts smashed him onto the ground.
Under the tremendous force, the surrounding ground trembled. The walls by the two sides of the palace shattered. Ning Yudie, Xun, and the other girls including those direct descendants were shaken to the point that they could not stand stably. They fell onto the ground.
The fleshy body of a Chaotic Origin Expert was extraordinarily tough. If it were an ordinary Paramita Realm expert, he would have been smashed into pieces.
But Chun Xuan had withstood it just like that!
"You all …"
Chun Xuan still wanted to resist. But just as he was about to stand up, the other Green Jade Beasts waved its huge palm and slapped down on Chun Xuan once again.
"Hong, hong, hong …"
Under the attacks of the two Green Jade Beasts, Chun Xuan used his Chaotic Origin Recreated Body to resist!
'What a tough body …'
Luo Zheng smacked his lips. Even if he used the Sealing Stone Solution to protect his body, it was still hard for him to resist against the attacks of the two Green Jade Beasts.
Chun Xuan was grumbling inwardly.
His Chaotic Origin Recreated Body had reached the brink of exhaustion. If he withstood a few more attacks, the toughness of his fleshy body would be greatly reduced. He would be smashed into a pile of meat paste by the Green Jade Beasts!
But what could he do? Admit defeat? Beg for mercy?
Being a direct descendant of the Crown Lineage Palace and the pride of the Land of Sword Grief, how could he admit defeat to a disciple of the Heaven Palace?
Driven by his extremely strong self-esteem, Chun Xuan was actually unable to take this step.
Just as Chun Xuan was in despair, two specks of ice crystals mysteriously appeared by his side.
The moment these two specks of ice crystals appeared, they struck the bodies of the two Green Jade Beasts.
The originally emerald green Green Jade Beasts turned snow-white. They turned into two Green Jade Ice Sculptures that stood stiffly at their original position.
A girl wearing a white gauze dress appeared by the side of Chun Xuan. The moment she appeared, the temperature of the entire Crown Lineage Palace dropped by several degrees.
One could see her extending her slender and white fingers before lightly brushing against the two ice sculptures.
"Hua la!"
The two ice sculptures shattered into pieces on the ground.
"Mother …" Chun Xuan called out when he saw this girl.
"Mother!" Chun Yuan also ran over from afar.
"Where did this wild man come from? How dare he behave atrociously in my Crown Lineage Palace?"

Chapter 3003
Who was important?
The woman in white was Consort Qin, who had a high status in the Taishi Palace.
Chun Xuan was fighting fiercely in the Qian Palace. The passing palace maids saw it and went to the Ice Cloud Hall to inform Consort Qin.
Only then did Consort Qin hurriedly rush over to take a look. How could she not be angry when she saw that her son was being beaten up by the two jade sculptures?
When the guards saw Consort Qin, they exchanged glances with each other and left quietly.
The other consorts were easy to talk to, but Consort Qin's face was extremely cold and she liked to vent her anger on others.
Her son was beaten by two giant jade statues for a long time, and these guards also watched from the side for a long time.
These guards were powerless to stop a fight of this level, but if Consort Qin wanted to blame them, they didn't have a chance to refute, so they simply slipped away.
Hearing Consort Qin's words, Luo Zheng's face showed helplessness.
Sure enough, like mother, like son. Chun Xuan's mother and Chun Xuan had the same personality. She didn't distinguish between right and wrong and wanted to denounce him.
"I had an agreement with Chun Xuan to teach him. I don't know where Your Excellency's' behaving atrociously 'came from?" Luo Zheng retorted.
"Mother, this person came and crushed my sword. He clearly came to the Taishi Palace to make trouble. He must be punished," Chun Yuan complained to his mother.
After Consort Qin heard her youngest son's words, a cold light flashed in her eyes. "I said you were behaving atrociously, so you are behaving atrociously. There is no room for you to refute in the Taishi Palace!"
After saying that, she snorted coldly, and with a snap of her fingers, pieces of ice crystals floated toward Luo Zheng.
These ice crystals could freeze and shatter the jade statues when they touched them. One could imagine how low the temperature was.
Seeing the ice crystals floating towards Luo Zheng, the direct disciples of the Taishi Palace all had happy expressions on their faces.
Most of these direct disciples were proud and arrogant people. After all, they more or less had a trace of the East Sovereign's bloodline in their bodies. They had always looked down on the disciples outside the Taishi Palace.
As soon as Luo Zheng came in, he taught Chun Xuan a lesson. They couldn't accept it in their hearts.
It was as if Chun Xuan was not the only one who was defeated, but the entire direct line of descent of the Crown Prince Palace was defeated.
Driven by such thoughts, they couldn't wait for Luo Zheng to die quickly.
Consort Qin's cultivation was naturally not something that Chun Xuan could compare with. Wouldn't it be easy for her to kill Luo Zheng?
Chun Xuan and Chun Yuan also looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a dead man. This guy was going to die soon, but he still didn't know it. There was no fear on his face. Indeed, the ignorant were fearless!
However, the two brothers soon realized that something was wrong.
There was no fear on Luo Zheng's face. Instead, a strange smile appeared on his face.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Be careful of the ice crystals!"
Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu anxiously reminded him.
They didn't expect that Consort Qin would appear out of nowhere even though Luo Zheng had clearly won!
The three of them had met this Consort Qin once before. That time, Han Liusu couldn't control her flames properly and caused a fire in the Crown Prince Palace. It just so happened that Consort Qin happened to pass by. Hence, she acted to extinguish the fire that Han Liusu set.
Consort Qin originally wanted to teach Han Liusu a lesson, but she was stopped by Consort Yan.
At that time, they knew that Consort Qin wasn't someone to be trifled with. But who would have thought that she wanted to take away Luo Zheng's life the moment she appeared!
When those two ice crystals floated in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng didn't retreat or dodge. Instead, he extended his finger and lightly tapped on those ice crystals.
The ice crystals that contained an aura of extreme frost disappeared just like that. It was as if they had never appeared in this world.
"Ah …"
The two brothers Chun Yuan and Chun Xuan and the direct line of descent of the Crown Prince Palace opened their mouths wide.
Even if Luo Zheng could defeat Chun Xuan who was at the Chaotic Origin Realm, he shouldn't be able to easily neutralize Consort Qin's sacred art right?
Those two ice crystals might seem ordinary, but they weren't something that Luo Zheng could withstand!
Consort Qin's expression didn't change. She merely said with a cold tone, "Consort Yan, since you have arrived, why are you still hiding by the side and playing tricks?"
A watery red figure stealthily appeared by the side of Luo Zheng. Consort Yan had an indistinct smile on her face, "I've given Luo Zheng the palace token to enter the Crown Prince Palace. Naturally, he can walk freely in the Crown Prince Palace. What Consort Qin said about him behaving atrociously is too much."
"Breaking my son's sword and injuring my son's body. For a mere disciple of the Celestial Palace to do this, what is this if not atrocious?" The cold light in Consort Qin's eyes kept trembling.
Even when facing Consort Yan, Consort Qin didn't back down.
At this moment, Mu Ning who had rushed to the side of Luo Zheng frowned. She said, "That youngest son of yours is racking his brains to chase us out of the Crown Prince Palace. He even nearly killed Xun. Fortunately, Luo Zheng stopped him and allowed him to avoid this calamity. Your eldest son is even worse. He wants to bully Luo Zheng as a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. Since he can't defeat Luo Zheng, he wants his mother to step in. Your family is really reasonable!"
"Those who aren't part of the same family will never enter the same family. The reason lies with her family." Han Liusu added.
Xun merely narrowed her eyes. Her eyes were filled with vigilance. She stood quietly by the side of Luo Zheng without saying a word. She only snorted coldly.
Consort Qin was ridiculed by these two girls. That pair of elegant eyes of hers became even more furious.
She felt that she was in a high position. What qualifications did these lowly people have to argue with her?
"What a sharp tongue. You are seeking death!" Consort Qin clenched her fist, causing many ice crystals to appear in the sky. These ice crystals rapidly turned into a snowstorm that swept towards Luo Zheng and Han Liusu.
The ice crystals she executed could freeze the space eternally. As long as one came into contact with the ice crystals, he would die without a doubt.
Seeing that the snowstorm was about to engulf them, Consort Yan waved her hand, causing layers of golden flames to rise.
"Hua …"
This Golden Crow God Flame lightly flickered, causing the snowstorm to dissipate.
"Consort Qin is too agitated today. Please return to the Ice Cloud Hall to rest." Consort Yan said solemnly.
"Consort Yan! Are you really going to protect these few servants? "Consort Qin angrily shouted. That originally beautiful face of hers had become slightly distorted.
The Crown Prince Palace might seem peaceful and peaceful, but these concubines were fighting in the dark.
Consort Qin and Consort Yan had always been on bad terms. This time, Chun Xuan and Chun Yuan were at a disadvantage. Yet, Consort Qin was actually protecting several outsiders. How could Consort Qin accept this?
"Servants?" The corners of Consort Yan's mouth curled up slightly, full of ridicule. "First, they are disciples of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, not servants as you said. Second, they are Feng Ge's friends."
"Friends …" Consort Qin sneered and was about to retort.
Consort Yan interrupted her again and continued, "Third, Luo Zheng is much more important to the Greater One Heavenly Palace than you and me, a mere concubine!"
She still had to rely on Luo Zheng to crack the [True Comprehension Chapter].
From this point of view, Luo Zheng was indeed more important to the Greater One Heavenly Palace than the concubines of the Crown Prince Palace.
When Consort Qin heard this, her heart skipped a beat. More important than them?
What was the background of this kid?
But in the end, she couldn't swallow this anger. What's more, Consort Yan was probably deceiving her.
Consort Qin still said in a cold voice, "No matter what you say today, if you don't hand them over, I will not let this go!"

Chapter 3004
Summon
Consort Qin's eyes flashed with a dangerous luster.
In terms of strength, she was not necessarily weaker than Consort Yan, but it was very unwise to fight with Consort Yan in the Taishi Palace.
The key was that Consort Yan had just said that Luo Zheng was even more important to the Taiyi Heavenly Palace than her and Consort Yan …
If there was really something at stake and Donghuang punished her, her status in the Taishi Palace would plummet.
Consort Yan was still calm and unruffled in the midst of chaos, with a faint smile on her face, which was quite charming.
She had already dug a big hole and was waiting for Consort Qin to make a move.
The hearts of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were also pounding.
It was not a big deal for the disciples of the Heavenly Palace to fight in the Taishi Palace.
If two high-ranking consorts fought, it would be a big deal.
Luo Zheng and the others did not say a word. He could roughly guess that Consort Yan dared to provoke Consort Qin because she was certain of something.
"Dong …"
Just then, there was a melodious bell ringing from the depths of the Taishi Palace.
Consort Yan, Consort Qin, and the disciples of the Taishi Palace all looked in that direction when they heard the sound.
Then there was a resounding voice from the depths of the Taishi Palace.
"Summon Luo Zheng for an audience."
This voice resounded through the entire Taishi Palace, and everyone could hear it clearly.
"Ji Jun is awake!" Consort Yan's face revealed a look of surprise.
Donghuang had been in seclusion for too long this time, and the Taishi Palace was full of worry.
Consort Qin's face also changed slightly. Donghuang did not summon anyone after he woke up, but wanted to see Luo Zheng immediately?
"Consort Yan, who is Ji Jun …" Luo Zheng asked.
Consort Yan smiled and said, "It's Donghuang. Quick, Donghuang wants to see you. I'll send you there."
"Send me there?" Luo Zheng glanced at Mu Ning and the others.
Consort Qin was narrow-minded. If Consort Yan left, what if she lost her mind and vented her anger on them?
Consort Yan did not understand Luo Zheng's concerns? She said carelessly, "Don't worry, this is the Taisei Palace. Although some people are unreasonable, their brains are not damaged. Naturally, they won't do things that seek death."
Donghuang wanted to see Luo Zheng as soon as he woke up. Even a fool would know the value of Luo Zheng.
No matter how stupid Concubine Qin was, she couldn't really do anything to Mu Ning and the other girls. Besides, the Taishi Palace wasn't big, and a master like Concubine Yan could completely cover it with her divine thoughts.
"Xun, wait for me in the Qianlian Palace," Luo Zheng said to the three women.
Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu had been in the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace for a long time. They knew a lot about the Great One Heavenly Palace, especially the legend of the Eastern Sovereign.
He was the absolute leader of the Heavenly Palace, who had forcefully condensed an orthodox powerhouse of the human race with his own strength!
They also felt honored that such a person wanted to see Luo Zheng as soon as he came out of his Closed Door Meditation.
"En!" Han Liusu and Mu Ning nodded obediently. Xun tilted her head and smiled.
Concubine Yan led the way in front, and Luo Zheng followed.
Chunyuan and Chunxuan were completely dumbfounded, especially Chunxuan.
Donghuang was Chunxuan's father, and he rarely saw him in many years. Luo Zheng was just a disciple of the Heavenly Palace. What did he rely on?
"Mother, what's the background of that kid?" Chunxuan asked.
"How would I know!" Concubine Qin angrily rebuked, "You don't know his background, yet you dare to bully him at will and make trouble for me!"
Concubine Qin's strength was not weaker than Concubine Yan, but after Concubine Yan ascended the throne, she had been favored by the Eastern Sovereign. Concubine Qin had long been at a disadvantage in front of the Eastern Sovereign. If Concubine Yan took this opportunity to complain, her status would probably plummet.
Seeing their mother angry, Chunxuan and Chunyuan trembled with fear.
Chunxuan felt wronged. Concubine Qin also didn't know Luo Zheng's background, but she still wanted to kill him.
He thought so in his heart, but how could he dare to refute his mother?
After Consort Qin snorted coldly, she swaggered away.
Just like what Concubine Yan said, she naturally wouldn't do anything stupid against these three girls.
… …
… …
On the way to the Taidi Palace, Luo Zheng asked something he had been curious about, "Concubine Yan, is there no Empress in the Taidi Palace?"
People in the secular world liked to call themselves Sovereigns and Emperors.
Because a title that was highly anticipated could consolidate one's imperial power, it was the so-called Mandate of Heaven.
But in the world of Martial Arts, strength was everything. No matter how many titles you had, no matter how good you were at deceiving others, you would be kicked off the throne sooner or later if you were not strong enough.
After becoming a True God, one's lifespan would be endless, so this method wouldn't work.
Therefore, except for the four Divine Kingdoms, the big forces Luo Zheng had seen rarely established Divine Kingdoms. After reaching the Divine Realm, they only called themselves Wealthy Families.
But in the mother world, they seemed to have returned to the ways of the secular world …
Concubine Yan smiled slightly and said, "We are different from the Jiuli Clan, Youxiong Clan, and the Divine Farmer Clan. These human clans are united by blood. When the Eastern Sovereign chose the Center Divine Province to establish the Heavenly Palace, his purpose was to gather the scattered human clans in the mother world and merge them into one. Naturally, we need to act according to the Divine Kingdom."
The Seven Mountains and Seven Sovereigns established the Center Divine Province as the legitimate country of the Human Clan, welcoming the shores of the four seas …
It was not easy for the Eastern Sovereign to create another legitimate country of the Human Clan. Over the years, the titles and habits had been used, and naturally, it had become what it was now.
"As for the Empress, of course, there is no such title," Concubine Yan smiled slightly.
It was not that there were no concubines who had fought for this title, especially Concubine Qin. She had mentioned it many times in front of the Eastern Sovereign, but she had been rejected by the Eastern Sovereign.
After Concubine Yan explained to Luo Zheng, the two had reached the depths of the Taishi Palace.
In front of Luo Zheng, there was a three-story pavilion. The construction was exquisite, but it was far less magnificent than the other halls in the Taishi Palace. In comparison, it was too simple.
"Luo Zheng, you can go in." Concubine Yan walked Luo Zheng to the front of the pavilion and stopped.
"Alone?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Concubine Yan nodded, "The Eastern Sovereign summoned you, so you can go in alone."
Luo Zheng glanced at the simple door of the pavilion, then stepped into the pavilion.
Although the pavilion was small, the internal structure was very elegant. Stepping into it, a faint fragrance assailed his nostrils. He did not know what this fragrance came from, but it calmed his mind.
In the main hall of the pavilion, there was a thin gauze curtain.
When Luo Zheng came closer, the gauze curtain automatically opened to the sides.
In the center of the main hall, there was a simple screen. On the screen, there was an exquisite large bell. This large bell was exactly the same as the Eastern Sovereign Bell that Chun Xuan had created with his bloodline.
"You are Luo Zheng?"
Following a voice, a middle-aged man in a gray robe stepped out from the side of the screen.
This middle-aged man wore a purple golden crown. He had a square face, and his eyes were as sharp as swords. His expression was stern, and when one looked at him, one would feel a great pressure.

Chapter 3005
Your request.
Donghuang sized up Luo Zheng, and a smile appeared on his stern face.
He usually had an extremely serious face, so Luo Zheng naturally didn't know how rare it was for him to smile like this.
As soon as Donghuang smiled, he pointed at Luo Zheng's head.
Using the tip of one's finger as a sword was something that ordinary sword cultivators could do.
However, when the Hand of the Donghuang was released, it was naturally exceptionally sharp.
Luo Zheng could also see that this finger contained the aura of the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate, and it was the True Comprehension Chapter.
Seeing that the finger was heading straight for him, Luo Zheng also stretched out a finger. A white spiral shot out from his finger. He also used the True Comprehension Chapter.
Swish!
"Sou!"
Swish …
Luo Zheng swiped with his finger, but Donghuang's finger moved slightly. It was actually a horizontal chop.
Luo Zheng flicked his finger and twisted it, instantly disintegrating Donghuang's finger.
In the blink of an eye, the two of them had exchanged more than ten moves.
Donghuang suppressed his power to an extremely low level and dealt with it purely with the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's True Comprehension Chapter was slightly more than Donghuang's. His finger aura was a bit sharper, suppressing Donghuang in every aspect. In the end, Donghuang was forced to stop.
Then Donghuang said, "I've been in the Nirvana Realm for too long this time, so I left a part of my soul here. If there's any important news in the Heavenly Palace, Qiu Yinhe and the others would report it to my part of my soul. After fusing with this part of my soul, you really scared me."
Luo Zheng pretended to know nothing and asked, "What scared Donghuang?"
"I have been immersed in the [True Comprehension Chapter] for many years, and I once wanted to give up. In the end, I only managed to decipher a little more than a hundred words. Your bone age is only a little more than a hundred years old, but your understanding of deciphering Sanskrit has already surpassed mine. This really surprises me." Donghuang's expression was very sincere.
Donghuang was an expert who had established a proper human lineage, and he pursued the ultimate Dao wholeheartedly.
It was the same for deciphering Sanskrit and swordsmanship.
The True Comprehension Chapter had troubled him for far too long, and it was only in recent years that he had made some progress.
However, after a hundred characters, the difficulty increased exponentially. It was unknown how long it would take to completely decipher the two Sanskrit tablets.
"You flatter me, Donghuang," Luo Zheng replied.
Unexpectedly, Donghuang shook his head and said, "Qiu Yin River can coincidentally lead you to the Heavenly Palace. It is a great fortune for the Heavenly Palace. May I ask you, are you confident that you can decipher the True Comprehension Chapter?"
Luo Nian had already deciphered it …
Although Luo Zheng thought so in his heart, he would not give such an answer.
Instead, he put on a troubled expression and said, "The structure of the two Sanskrit characters in the True Comprehension chapter is very special. Finding the correct answer among thousands of possibilities is indeed too difficult. However, I have found a trace of a pattern in the dark, so it is possible to solve all of them."
How could Luo Zheng know how to decipher Sanskrit?
He had heard it from Luo Nian and was just spouting nonsense in front of Donghuang.
After meeting Qiu Yin River, Luo Zheng knew that he would meet Donghuang sooner or later.
If he wanted to revive Jiuli, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace must be the most suitable helper for him. After all, the Heavenly Palace also stood on the opposite side of You Xiong and Shennong.
Since Donghuang had a request, Luo Zheng would naturally comply. However, he could not tell Donghuang that this thing was too simple for Luo Nian to decipher at a glance.
"Found a trace of a pattern? What is the pattern? "Donghuang asked.
Deciphering the True Comprehension Chapter was very important, and Donghuang was also very interested in how to decipher it. After all, he had spent too much effort on the two Sanskrit tablets.
"This …" Luo Zheng hesitated. "I can't tell the pattern. It is completely a trace of spiritual connection in deciphering."
Deciphering Sanskrit was originally a mysterious matter. It was not possible for Donghuang to ask Luo Zheng to describe it accurately. Otherwise, all the Sanskrit in the world could be quickly deciphered.
If it was not too rude, Donghuang would have looked through Luo Zheng's memory …
"Fine." Donghuang waved his hand. "Qiu Yin River reported last time that you have broken the True Comprehension Chapter to more than 150 words. Have you made any progress?"
"During this time, I have been cultivating in the Nirvana Realm. I didn't have much time, but I have already deciphered more than 200 words," Luo Zheng replied.
Donghuang's eyes lit up again.
He heard Luo Zheng say that it was possible to completely decipher it, but this time could be long or short. If it was short, it could be short. If it was short, it could be short. If it was long, it could be thousands or tens of thousands of years …
This kid could decipher 50 more words if he took the time. At this speed, it might not take too long for him to completely decipher it.
"Can I take a look?" Donghuang asked.
Luo Zheng did not refuse.
He had to personally ask Donghuang about Jiuli. The True Comprehension Chapter was originally used as an exchange. It only depended on whether Donghuang had the courage to do so.
Luo Zheng took out a pen and paper and started to write.
After a short while, the True Comprehension Chapter had already landed on the paper.
Donghuang took it and looked at it carefully. As he read it, the admiration on his face grew stronger and stronger.
After looking at it for a while, he carefully folded the paper and said, "It is Chiyou's blessing to have a grandson like you. Unfortunately, alas …"
When Jiuli was destroyed, the Heavenly Palace was very nervous. Donghuang also felt sorry for them.
When Jiuli was destroyed, one of the four orthodoxies of the human race was gone.
And the Heavenly Palace was obviously not on the side of the You Xiong Clan. Sooner or later, the You Xiong Clan would make a move against the Heavenly Palace.
His former brother Di Jun turned against him. It was the You Xiong Clan's plan.
Hearing Donghuang's sigh, Luo Zheng just stood quietly on the side without saying anything.
"What do you want?" Donghuang suddenly asked.
With the True Comprehension Chapter, all sword cultivators would benefit immensely.
Donghuang was not naive enough to think that Luo Zheng would selflessly give it to the Great Yi Heavenly Palace, so he asked directly.
And when he asked this question, Donghuang also mentioned Jiuli. This meant that he had completely seen through Luo Zheng's thoughts!
Since Donghuang asked directly, Luo Zheng's answer was also very direct, "I want to rebuild Jiuli. I hope the Heavenly Palace can help me."
Donghuang didn't look surprised at all, but he waved his hand and said, "I can help you. Even the entire Heavenly Palace will help you. But not now."
"Then when?" Luo Zheng asked back.
"When the war between them is completely over," Donghuang answered.
Ordinary people might not be able to understand who "they" referred to.
But Luo Zheng went to the Dark Realm and inherited the Weapon of Civilization. He also understood that the super forces in the mother world were basically the representatives of a certain civilization.
"Donghuang, the" they "you mentioned, are they those civilizations in the past?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You know?" This time, Donghuang was really surprised.
A little guy at the 13th Layer of Heaven shouldn't even know about the structure of the Nirvana Realm. How could he know about the existence of those civilizations?
Every once in a while, the Heaven Jiedu would report some important information to Donghuang's divided soul.

Chapter 3006
Departure
"Mn, I've heard of it before." Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng had naturally heard of it before.
The Green Jade Civilization was once one of the top ten great civilizations. Now, the entire civilization was standing behind him.
Following Luo Zheng's improvement in the Paramita Realm, if the Green Jade Civilization were to join the fray once again, it would definitely bring about a far-reaching impact.
Donghuang stared at Luo Zheng. He revealed a pensive look.
Ever since he established the Great Yi Heaven Palace, he had seen too many young geniuses with monstrous talents.
But there had never been one like Luo Zheng.
After conversing with Luo Zheng for a while, Donghuang discovered that this person was hiding many secrets. It gave him a feeling that he could not see through him.
"You know quite a lot. It's just that your cultivation is too low …" Donghuang said, "But the Chaotic Origin Great World is about to open. To Paramita Realm cultivators, the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction is a threshold that they must cross. You have to grab hold of this opportunity!"
"Luo Zheng has already prepared for everything." Luo Zheng replied.
Actually, Luo Zheng was slightly perplexed in his heart.
From Chun Xuan's performance, the fleshy body of a Chaotic Origin Expert was indeed strong.
But if Luo Zheng absorbed a few more pieces of Sealing Stone and used the Sealing Stone Solution to protect his body, his fleshy body could reach the level of Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. It might even surpass it.
Was the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction really a necessary threshold to reach the Paramita Realm?
Not long later, Luo Zheng came out from Donghuang's pavilion.
The two did not meet for long this time. Donghuang did not bestow him anything either. But Luo Zheng had already gotten what he wanted. That was Donghuang's promise.
There might be many unique treasures and sacred arts in the Heaven Palace. But those were not what Luo Zheng was after. As for fame, he did not care much about it.
After Luo Zheng left, a figure appeared at a corner. Her watery red robe outlined her slim figure. She looked extremely charming. That was Concubine Yan.
"Jijun woke up and didn't want to see me. Instead, he asked to see Luo Zheng," Concubine Yan complained. She was like a little girl in front of Donghuang.
"You know how important Luo Zheng is," Donghuang said as he held Concubine Yan in his arms. "If I can get the Real Comprehension Chapter, I may have a breakthrough in the Seeking Sword Way."
"The Supreme Monarch's Sword-seeking Dao will break through on his own sooner or later. There's no need to rush," Concubine Yan said coquettishly.
Donghuang shook his head and said, "It's too late. This time … something big happened in the Nirvana Realm."
"A major change?" Concubine Yan's expression froze.
"Yes, I'm afraid they can't hold back anymore." When he spoke up to here, Donghuang revealed a worried expression, "It's fine if I become cannon fodder in this era, but it's a pity for the countless living beings in the Center God Province."
In the several continents under the jurisdiction of Taiyi Heavenly Palace, there were countless aristocratic families with a population of more than ten billion. Once Taiyi Heavenly Palace got involved, how could these people protect themselves?
Looking at Donghuang's worried face, Concubine Yan comforted him, "They were born in this era and naturally have the misfortune of this era. If we lose in the end, let alone the Center God Province, even in the entire Chaos, where can they find shelter? Unless they are qualified to escape to the Nirvana Realm! "
The only shelter in the Chaos was the Nirvana Realm.
But in a civilization, how many people could hide in the Nirvana Realm?
"Even if we escape to the Nirvana Realm, I'm afraid we can't escape," Donghuang said again.
"Even the Nirvana Realm can't escape?" Hearing this, Concubine Yan looked surprised.
Donghuang nodded and said, "They want to destroy everything, including the Nirvana Realm."
"That's crazy!" Concubine Yan said with her eyes wide open.
If this Chaos was destroyed in the end, the most powerful people in the Mother World still had a way out, which was to hide in the Nirvana Realm.
This was the privilege of some of the powerful people.
If the Nirvana Realm was destroyed, the consequences would be unimaginable. No wonder Concubine Yan was so agitated.
"Let's not talk about this first. A few days ago, you said you had something important to tell me. What is it?" Donghuang asked.
A few days ago, Concubine Yan was helpless against Feng Ge, so she naturally wanted to borrow Donghuang's power.
But Donghuang had not escaped from the Nirvana Realm, so the divided soul she reported to Donghuang was useless.
Concubine Yan smiled and said, "It's fine now. Feng Ge has recovered."
"Feng Ge? What happened to her? "Donghuang asked curiously. He was still very concerned about Feng Ge's talented little daughter.
"Feng Ge has become a Pure Witch …" Concubine Yan said.
"A Pure Witch?" Donghuang was stunned.
Of course, he knew what a Pure Witch was. She was a powerful person from the Nirvana Realm who dominated a layer of heaven!
"Yes." Concubine Yan nodded.
"How is that possible? A Pure Witch can only target creatures from the Nirvana Realm. How did Feng Ge become one? "Donghuang was even more surprised.
"This is related to Luo Zheng," Concubine Yan said.
"It's related to this kid again …" Ever since Donghuang escaped from the Nirvana Realm, he carefully read the news from the divided soul. Most of the things he was interested in were related to Luo Zheng. This name had appeared in his mind too many times.
"It's a long story. Please listen to me in detail," Concubine Yan said with a smile.
…
…
Luo Zheng returned to the Qianlian Palace. Mu Ning, Xun, and Han Liusu had already packed up and were ready to leave the palace.
After this conflict with Concubine Qin, they no longer needed to stay in the Taidi Palace.
But just as they walked to the entrance of the Qianlian Palace, Feng Ge's figure appeared in front of them.
"You've recovered?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Feng Ge's face was covered with a layer of frost. Her waist was tall and straight, and her blue dress made her look very noble.
In the pair of azure blue eyes on her oval-shaped face, there was a complicated expression constantly changing in them.
The fire of memory itself had a certain degree of plasticity. After Hu Yun's memory was erased, her own memory had been completely restored. Not only that, but what happened in the dark domain was also vivid in her mind.
Thinking about how she followed Luo Zheng like an idiot, she felt unnatural.
"Little Master!"
"Little Master, you've recovered!"
Mu Ning and Han Liusu were still very enthusiastic when they saw Feng Ge. After all, Feng Ge had taught them a lot.
"You're leaving?" Feng Ge's eyes flashed.
Han Liusu nodded and said, "Yes. During this time, thanks to Little Master's teaching, our cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds. But we offended Concubine Qin. I'm afraid that staying in the Taidi Palace will cause you trouble …"
"Concubine Qin? What happened? "Feng Ge frowned.
"During the period when Little Master was unconscious, they …" Mu Ning told Feng Ge about what happened during this period.
After Feng Ge finished listening, her eyes turned cold. She sneered, "Chun Xuan, Chun Yuan … these fellows are quite daring!"
Among the direct disciples of the Taidi Palace, none dared to offend Feng Ge.
Even Chun Xuan, a Chaotic Origin Expert, would take a detour when he saw Feng Ge.

Chapter 3007
Ticket.
Feng Ge had accepted them as disciples on a whim. It was not formal.
But after interacting with them for a period of time, she had developed feelings for them.
Now that she saw Mu Ning and the others leaving, she felt reluctant. Hence, she said to Mu Ning: "There is no need for you to leave."
"But …" Mu Ning said as she looked at Luo Zheng.
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, Feng Ge had already grabbed Mu Ning's hand. At the same time, he stood in front of Xun and Han Liusu. He stared coldly at Luo Zheng: "Even though we are not teacher and disciple, we still have some feelings for each other. You cannot take them away."
Seeing Feng Ge acting like this, Luo Zheng felt both angry and amused. That time, Feng Ge did not have such intentions when he kidnapped them, right?
"I have already offended Consort Qin. I cannot guarantee their safety if they stay in the Tai Shi Palace." Luo Zheng said.
Consort Qin and the others were narrow-minded. They would definitely be filled with resentment. She could not vent her resentment on Luo Zheng. It was highly possible that she would find trouble with them. Luo Zheng naturally would not allow such an accident to happen.
"They won't." Feng Ge said with certainty: "I can guarantee their safety if they stay in the Tai Shi Palace."
"How can you guarantee it? When the Chaotic Origin Great World opens, you will leave the Heaven Palace. By then, how will you protect them? "Luo Zheng retorted.
"I will ask my mother to protect them. I will definitely not let them get hurt." Feng Ge said to Luo Zheng. He then turned to Xun and the others and said with a gentle voice: "I beg of you, can you stay in the Tai Shi Palace?"
The way Feng Ge acted made Luo Zheng feel strange.
Was it because her Memory Fire was damaged, or did it affect her personality?
And when Han Liusu, Mu Ning and Xun saw how Feng Ge acted, they exchanged glances. Only then did Mu Ning say: "Luo Zheng, let's stay in the Tai Shi Palace for now …"
Seeing Feng Ge's sincerity, Mu Ning, Han Liusu, and Xun were somewhat reluctant. Luo Zheng shrugged and finally agreed.
Although he could also give them good cultivation resources, the Taishi Palace's teaching was more systematic. If he could ensure that they were not bullied, the advantages outweighed the disadvantages.
…
…
After returning to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng sorted out the Nirvana Token he had obtained in the dark domain.
Other than the Weapon of Civilization, the most precious items were the two hearts of accomplices and the statue of the giant green jade beast that Feng Ge had killed with his light.
After a Green Jade creature died, it would turn into a statue like this. This statue could be seen as the corpse of the Green Jade Beast.
After fusing with it, it could greatly strengthen the defense of one's physical body and transform one's body into a green jade body. It could be considered as an auxiliary Nirvana token.
Such Nirvana Tokens were extremely rare. But Luo Zheng could only fuse with three of them. The Strength God Totem was responsible for the explosive power, the Devil Eye of Fear could disturb the mind of the other party during crucial moments, and the Weapon of Civilization was Luo Zheng's most important token.
All three were indispensable. Before entering the Desire Realm, Luo Zheng did not plan on changing his Nirvana Tokens.
The two hearts of accomplices were even more precious.
One of them was given to Luo Zheng by Ling Shuang to the Extreme Celestial Mountain. As for the other, Luo Zheng originally planned to keep it for himself. But after Lin Zhanting knew of this matter, he went with Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and others to 'forcefully buy' this Nirvana Token.
Such an item was extremely important to a super force. Qiu Yinhe and the others naturally had such foresight.
Sacrificing one's life to kill an apex expert of the other party was a great killing weapon to a super force. But it was not suitable for Luo Zheng either. He would not allow those around him to fuse with it and sacrifice themselves.
Before the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng began his bitter cultivation.
It was not hard to comprehend the Blood Origin Divine Dao. Luo Zheng just had to be given sufficient time. But fusing with it was extremely difficult.
Other than that, Luo Zheng still had to head to the Heart Flow Pagoda to cultivate the Heart Flow Sword Scripture.
But with the company of Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, time passed by quickly.
Two months later, Mo Yijian finally recovered from his injuries and returned.
Previously, when he executed a secret technique, his soul was severely damaged. He was unconscious for a long time before recovering. The Heart Flow Sword Sect had paid quite a price.
After paying a visit to Luo Zheng, he went into closed-door cultivation.
At this moment, it was only two months before the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Mo Yijian was naturally not willing to miss this opportunity. Naturally, he made use of this time to make up for his shortcomings.
During this period, the atmosphere in the Heaven Palace became quiet.
Almost all the Heaven Palace disciples qualified to step into the 13th Level Heaven were cultivating in seclusion.
The entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World was very precious. The Heaven Palace was also fighting for more entrance tickets. But in the end, there were still too many monks and too little gruel. Naturally, a portion of them would be eliminated and could not enter the Chaotic Origin Great World. Nobody was willing to be the one eliminated.
It was not just the Heaven Palace. All the superpowers in the Mother World were doing the same.
Even these superpowers were fighting for the entrance tickets openly and secretly. Some of the smaller clans and sects were spending astronomical prices to purchase the tickets through Ear Mouse's black market.
…
…
Black Mountain Sect.
At the peak of the Black Mountain, there was a fishy stench.
Corpses were piled up like a mountain here.
Enormous beetles, vicious wolves, and all sorts of strange creatures.
These creatures were not weak when they were alive. They were at least at the 12th or 13th Level Heaven of the Paramita Realm.
They were surrounding the Black Mountain and engaged in a fierce battle of life and death.
"Ao wu!"
With a final roar of unwillingness, a huge ferocious ape flew up and headed straight for the Evil God.
This savage ape was already heavily injured. But its heart was still branded with deep unwillingness.
As long as it could kill this damnable human, it would be able to obtain the entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
It was just a step away!
Evil Deities looked at the approaching savage ape and revealed a sinister smile.
He extended his hand and lightly pointed. The soul aura in his body suddenly burst out!
This soul aura was as vast as the ocean. As the powerful aura circulated, it surged towards the savage ape.
The moment the savage ape was enveloped by this soul aura, it almost lost its sense of self.
'His Sun Soul … why is it so powerful …'
The mind of the savage ape was still puzzled when it felt a sharp pain coming from its head. At that moment, its consciousness was blasted apart. Its enormous and firm head had already been shattered into pieces.
Stepping on the corpse of this savage ape, Evil Deities finally reached the peak of the Black Mountain.
On the entire Black Mountain, he was the only one standing proudly.
Those villains, evil beings, and vicious beasts within the Black Mountain Sect were all looking up from afar.
"It's too simple." Evil Deities stood at the peak of the Black Mountain. He took out the Black Mountain Token and crushed it. He looked up at the horizon and muttered: "You guys won't be late right …"
On the horizon, a black ship was slowly approaching.
It seemed slow, but in reality, it was moving at an extremely high speed towards the horizon of Ao Xiang.
When the black ship stopped above the Black Mountain, Tu Mi who was wearing a black dress directly descended from the sky. She floated above Evil Deities.
"Don't stand on top of me." Evil Deities said solemnly.
"Don't talk nonsense. Bring it along and follow us."

Chapter 3008
Arrival
The entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World was made using an extremely ingenious method. It was made by cutting God Crystals into thin pieces.
Around the entrance ticket, there were four small arrays inscribed on it. They absorbed the energy of the God Crystals into the surroundings. As long as any corner was destroyed, the entire entrance ticket would shatter.
The entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World was too precious. Naturally, many lifeforms would take the risk to imitate it.
Using such an ingenious method to make the entrance ticket was truly helpless.
Evil Deities scrutinized the entrance ticket in his hand.
He had also suffered a lot in the Black Mountain Sect, especially when he had just entered the sect. Some Nirvana Realm powerhouses relied on their own Nirvana Realm tokens to suppress him.
But in this short period of time, he had improved rapidly. Those Paramita Realm experts who once suppressed him were either trampled under his feet and knelt before him or died in the Yellow Springs.
After going through so much, it was all for this little entrance ticket.
He casually kept it into his Sumeru Ring. At the same time, he said: "Is there any way to make a Sumeru Ring for me in the Paramita Realm? I have obtained so many Paramita Tokens, yet I can't bring them away. They are all wasted! "
It wasn't hard to create a Sumeru Space in the Paramita Realm. Those superpowers would usually rear Void Cry Beasts in their Deity Temples. They all had their own unique craftsmanship.
But Evil Deities was all alone in the Paramita Realm. He was like a fiend. Who would forge a Sumeru Ring for him?
He originally wanted to charge into the Deity Temple and force those people to carve a Sumeru Ring for him. But the Deity Temple had restrictions that targeted the Sun Soul. No matter how strong his Sun Soul was, it could not withstand it. Eventually, he could only give up.
Other than some extremely precious tokens that were hidden in the Sun Soul, the rest of the tokens he obtained in the Paramita Realm were all thrown away. It was a pity.
Tumi gave Evil Deities a disdainful look, "Those Paramita Tokens that we found in the Color Realm are all trash. It's not a pity to throw them away. Furthermore, we have no one in the Color Realm."
There were very few people on the black ship. Every one of them was an absolute expert. If not for some special reason, they would not enter the Color Realm.
"You are the trash!" Evil Deities angrily said.
He hated it when others doubted him. Especially during this period in the Black Mountain Sect. Those who dared to doubt him were all dead.
Tumi abruptly turned his head, and a cold light flashed in his eyes under his black hair.
If anyone else dared to speak like this in front of her, they would have died a long time ago. But looking at this arrogant man, Tumi actually resisted the urge to tear him apart.
She clenched her fist in the direction of Evil Deities.
The Evil Deities, who were insufferably arrogant in the Black Mountain Sect, had been squeezed out of shape by Tumi and had no ability to resist at all.
Then Tumi suddenly threw him directly into the black ship, and then the black ship began to speed towards the west.
…
…
Qiu Yinhe lived up to his promise to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was holding a stack of black cards in his hand. A faint aura of divine crystals was being released from the cards.
This time, when the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, the Heaven Palace did not manage to get many tickets. The tickets were distributed to the various sword sects in the Seven Mountains, and even fewer tickets were distributed to the Heart Flow Sword Sect. It was not easy for Qiu Yin He to get seven tickets.
"The craftsmanship of this ticket is quite exquisite …"
Luo Zheng examined it for a moment before walking towards the independent courtyard opposite.
As the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World approached, Huo Ze, Lan Qing and the others became more nervous.
That day, Qiu Yin He only said that he would try his best to get the tickets. But they were clear how precious these tickets were.
"Brother, what if the Heaven Palace does not manage to get the tickets?" Lan Qing asked worriedly.
Huo Ze sat on the wooden couch in the courtyard. He shook his head and said: "We can only wait for the Heaven Palace to give us the tickets. What other choice do we have?"
Xian Shi coldly said: "Then Grandpa's hopes have been dashed. We have come here for nothing!"
Seeing Xian Shi's resentful look, Huo Ze reminded him: "Don't forget that the Heaven Palace does not owe our Nine Li anything. Giving us the tickets is a favor. Not giving us the tickets is our duty!"
"But that Luo Zheng …" Xian Shi was still unconvinced.
At this moment, the door to the courtyard was pushed open.
There was a restriction placed in front of this independent courtyard. Ordinary people could not casually open it. The one who entered was definitely Luo Zheng.
"Young Master!" Huo Ze suddenly stood up.
"Big Brother Luo Zheng." Lan Qing smiled.
Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on when he heard this name. But since Huo Ze insisted, he did not correct him.
The Nine Li people looked nervous. Luo Zheng naturally understood why. He smiled and flipped his hand. Black cards appeared in his palm. "You are waiting for this, right?"
Seeing the stack of black cards, Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and Xian Shi's faces lit up with joy.
They had been worried for the past few days. Seeing these tickets, they felt relieved.
After all, the Nine Li people had too little contact with Luo Zheng.
Since Li Lu had personally brought them here, Luo Zheng had to shoulder this responsibility.
Even if Qiu Yin He and the Heaven Palace could not get the tickets, Luo Zheng would buy them through Ear Mouse.
"Young Master …" Huo Ze was full of gratitude and wanted to say something.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, "You are from the same clan as me. You don't have to be so courteous with me. There are still a few days left. We will set off after some preparations."
The tickets to the Chaotic Origin Great World were distributed to the various great sword sects.
It was not easy for the other disciples in the Heaven Palace to get a ticket.
In the Heart Flow Sword Sect, other than Mo Yijian and Luo Zheng, the remaining ten tickets could only be obtained through battles.
Other than that, the battles between the Absolute Formation Sword Sect and the Murdering Sword Sect were also in full swing.
Even the direct disciples had to prove their strength before they could get a ticket.
One month later …
The seven giant airships slowly rose up, leaving the Greater One Heavenly Palace and heading west.
These seven flying ships belonged to the Seven Mountains of the Heaven Palace. The leading flying ship belonged to the Great Yi Mountain. The disciples of the Tai Zhi Palace and the three great sword sects were naturally on it.
This journey to the Chaotic Origin Great World involved crossing several hundred great prefectures. Even if these flying ships could penetrate through space, they still had to pass through the walls between the prefectures. They had to stop for a while before reaching the boundary of the great prefectures. Naturally, they could not travel fast.
Within the spacious and enormous flying ship, there were several hundred compartments.
The disciples of the Heaven Palace were still diligently cultivating during the journey.
The competition within the Chaotic Origin Great World was extremely intense. Not everyone could obtain the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction after entering the Chaotic Origin Great World. The disciples of the Heaven Palace were either tempering their Sun Soul in the Paramita, consolidating their Sword Dao sacred arts or familiarizing themselves with the newly fused Paramita Talisman.
Half a month later, the seven flying ships of the Heaven Palace penetrated through the spatial barrier of the Han Li State and entered a world covered in white snow.
The disciples of the Great Yi Mountain were all on the deck of the flying ship. They were looking down at this world of ice and snow.
Luo Zheng leaned against the side of the ship. He could feel the cold wind blowing against his face.

Chapter 3009
Black Dome
The Snow Drinking Province originally belonged to Li Shan.
Li Mountain had eleven states under its jurisdiction. These states were arranged in a straight line.
Among the eleven provinces, the Snow Drinking Province was the furthest away from Li Mountain.
In the past, when the super organizations formed an alliance to force Li Shan to hand over the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, Li Shan could not withstand the pressure and chose to compromise.
Those superpowers even requested for the Chaotic Origin Great World to be placed in the central region of the Mother World. But Li Shan refused to comply. After several rounds of negotiations, Li Shan chose to give up on the Drinking Snow Province and made it a Public Province. He even placed the Chaotic Origin Great World within it.
For some superpowers, the journey was too long. Hence, some of them had set off half a year ago.
The Great One Heavenly Palace was relatively close, and it only took them half a month to arrive.
The temperature in the Snow Drinking Province was extremely low. If it was an ordinary mortal, they would turn into an ice sculpture in a few breaths of time.
But to Paramita Realm experts, this bit of temperature was naturally normal.
Even in this harsh environment, there were still many large cities built in the Snow Drinking Province.
They were about to reach their destination, and many disciples of the Heavenly Palace looked excited.
They gathered in twos and threes as they discussed the information regarding the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Even though this was the first time these disciples of the Heavenly Palace entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, some seniors of the Heavenly Palace would naturally impart some techniques to them. The reason why they came together was to exchange information.
Although they all belonged to the Greater One Mountain, the four factions of the Greater One Mountain were clearly separated.
The direct disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace were the most arrogant. They occupied the front row of the flying ship. Among them, a disciple called Chi Yuan spoke with the loudest voice, "Wait till we enter the Chaotic Origin Great World. We, the disciples of the Supreme Lineage Palace, must stick together!"
"But my big brother said that those Chaotic Origin Spirits are scattered all over the place. It would be hard to capture them if they gathered together." Another disciple from the Supreme lineage Palace refuted.
"That depends on the choice. Some of the alien races are very cruel, and they kill people as soon as they enter …"
The Murdering Sword Sect and the Absolute Formation Sword Sect occupied the middle of the airship, while the Heart Flow Sword Sect was at the back, led by Mo Yijian and Gao Qizheng.
The six people from the Nine Li Tribe were also on the flying ship, but their identities were more sensitive, so they did not appear on the deck.
Luo Zheng stood on the side of the ship, letting the wind and snow blow against his face. The feather-sized snowflakes disappeared automatically when they were three inches in front of him.
'This time, the Chaotic Origin Great World is a hurdle that all Nirvana Realm experts have to cross. Luo Yan should be participating right? I wonder if we'll meet this time? "
After being separated from Ming Wei and the others in the Mother World for several years, Luo Zheng actually felt a little sad in his heart as he looked at the vast snowy scenery.
At this moment, a white and jade-like hand stretched out from Luo Zheng's right side and gently caught a snowflake. The snowflake gradually melted into water.
Luo Zheng turned around and saw Feng Ge.
Feng Ge's appearance on the deck of the airship immediately attracted everyone's attention.
However, she had always been as cold as ice. No one dared to approach her, and no one dared to approach her.
"Father told me that you have to be more careful in your journey to the Chaotic Origin Great World." Feng Ge said as he looked at the white patch in the distance.
"Donghuang?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Feng Ge nodded, "The You Xiong Clan will definitely eliminate you as soon as possible. Even though they can't find you, they are almost certain that you will come to the Chaotic Origin Great World and will definitely target you."
The fleshy body in the Nirvana Realm was a huge threat.
Currently, Luo Zheng could only rampage in the 13 Levels Heaven. But what about the Desire Realm in the future? What if he broke through the Desire Realm and reached a higher level? This was something the You Xiong Clan absolutely did not wish to see.
There were no restrictions in the Chaotic Origin Great World. As long as one entered, they could kill as they wished.
The Heaven Palace and the You Xiong Clan were originally on the verge of falling out. If they determined that 'Heaven Traveler' was a disciple of the Heaven Palace, they could possibly work together with the Golden Crow and Shennong to massacre the disciples of the Heaven Palace. This kind of indiscriminate massacre would ensure that 'Heaven Traveler' was eliminated.
"They don't have such capability right?" Luo Zheng chuckled.
"Anything is possible." Feng Ge said with a straight face.
"Then what about you?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
Feng Ge had similarly appeared in the Nirvana Realm with her fleshy body. Furthermore, she was a Pure Cultivator and belonged to the Nirvana Realm. Her appearance was not blurred.
Those who paid attention to her would definitely pay attention to her.
Furthermore, her identity could not be concealed. She was much more conspicuous than Luo Zheng.
Compared to Luo Zheng, Feng Ge should be more dangerous.
Feng Ge blinked her eyes. Suddenly, she revealed an innocent smile: "You promised to protect me."
Seeing her clean and flawless face, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Although Feng Ge's memories had been restored, the trip to the Dark Domain had obviously affected her personality quite a bit. At the very least, she wouldn't have the attitude of keeping people at arm's length.
But what Luo Zheng did not know was that other than in front of him, Feng Ge was still the same as before.
Because of the matter with Han Liusu and the others, Feng Ge had taught the direct disciples of the Tai Yi Palace a lesson. Hence, even the disciples participating in the Chaotic Origin Great World like Xue Yuan kept quiet out of fear when they saw her.
"Right?" Feng Ge added.
Luo Zheng helplessly nodded, "Of course."
Feng Ge pursed her lips. There was a strand of joy in her eyes. She suddenly pointed to the front and said: "Look."
At this moment, an enormous ring-shaped mountain range appeared in front of them.
Outside the mountain range was a world of ice and snow. Within the mountain range, it was shrouded by a layer of black fog.
The entire mountain range was covered by an enchantment that spanned 1.5 million kilometers. Looking from afar, it looked like a huge black egg.
This was the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Right in front of the Chaotic Origin Great World, there were more than a thousand enormous stone pillars erected. Every stone pillar had the name of a superpower inscribed on it. The seven flying ships of Great Yi Heaven Palace flew towards the stone pillar that belonged to the Heaven Palace. They stopped by the side of the stone pillar.
The flying ships of Great Yi Mountain, Great Gold Mountain, Great Bright Mountain and the other six mountains followed closely behind. They landed neatly beside the stone pillar.
There were also many flying ships parked beside the stone pillars belonging to the other superpowers. Some of the flying ships were covered in layers of snow. It seemed that they had arrived a long time ago.
The disciples of the Seven Mountains of Heavenly Palace gradually came down from the flying ships and gathered together.
The six members of the Nine Li Tribe followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
Gao Qizheng and the others felt puzzled when they saw these six people. These six people did not belong to the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Why were they able to ride a flying ship here?
Even though it was puzzling, no one mentioned this question.
For this expedition to the Chaotic Origin Great World, every mountain had sent an expert to lead the team.
Great Yi Mountain sent Qiu Yinhe. Great Yi Mountain sent Lin Zhanting. The other seven mountains also sent an expert to protect them.

Chapter 3010
Luo Zheng's gaze swept across this vast plaza. On the left side of the plaza, there were many huge figures standing there.
'That is the Li Yuan Clan.'
Luo Zheng had seen the Li Yuan Clan several times in the Paramita World.
Even though he could not see their true bodies, the silhouette of the Sun Soul could outline their figures. Naturally, he could recognize them with a single glance.
The Li Yuan Clan members were all roughly seven to eight meters tall. They stood there like small mountains.
Their bodies were covered in a layer of special golden armor, and their large eyes emitted a strong murderous aura. When they looked around, they were full of disdain for all living beings.
The Li Yuan Clan members were innately huge. Their fleshy bodies were tyrannical. In terms of strength, they were indeed stronger than other clans. Naturally, they were exceptionally arrogant.
Not far from the Li Yuan Clan, there were many Ear Mice sitting there.
These Ear Mice had their faces covered. They did not speak at all. Clearly, they were keeping a low profile.
In the eyes of the world, the Ear Mice were not considered strong. That was because the Ear Mice Clan rarely clashed with other clans. They preferred to settle everything with God Crystals and Soul Pills.
But Luo Zheng's observation in the Paramita World showed that the combat strength of the Ear Mice should not be underestimated.
After all, the best Paramita Token had passed through their hands. The Paramita Token they fused with would naturally not be inferior.
Other than that, there were also the Meng Clan, Sky Wolf Clan, Purple Ape Clan and many others.
Judging from the number of living beings, one could determine the strength of these clans.
The stronger the clan, the more authority they had. Naturally, they would get more tickets.
For instance, the Li Yuan Clan had close to 500 people. The more people there were, the more tickets they would get to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Small clans like the Sky Wolf Clan and Purple Ape Clan only had 20 to 30 people. Their overall strength was naturally weak.
Most super forces could get more than 200 tickets. But this time, the Heavenly Palace Seven Mountains only had 180 plus people. This meant that the Chaotic Origin Great World was at a disadvantage in the allocation of tickets.
After Qiu Yin He entered, he cupped his hands towards the various great clans. After that, he found a corner and indicated for the Heavenly Palace disciples to wait there.
The Heavenly Palace disciples sat cross-legged on the ground. Just like Luo Zheng, they were looking around.
After all, these living beings seated here were their potential competitors.
Not long after the disciples of the Heavenly Palace had taken their seats, another whistling sound came from the horizon.
There were actually dozens of flying ships flying over. One of them was shockingly large, floating in the air like a city. In the center of this flying ship was a huge picture of a bear.
"The people from the You Xiong Clan are here," the disciples of the Heavenly Palace murmured.
Huo Ze, Lan Qing, and the others had been following Luo Zheng silently. However, when they saw the city-like airship, their faces slightly changed.
They had never seen the You Xiong Clan in the real world. This was their first time coming into contact with them.
In their minds, they already saw the You Xiong Family as a terrifying enemy. Now, seeing such a situation, they naturally felt pressured and frightened.
Especially Lan Qing, she subconsciously squeezed towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing Lan Qing's nervous appearance, Luo Zheng's lips gently moved. He used a true essence sound transmission to persuade her, "The You Xiong Clan is also a human race like us. Don't be afraid."
"But they killed so many of our people," Lan Qing responded with a true essence sound transmission.
"A debt of blood must be paid with blood. Fear can't solve the problem," said Luo Zheng.
The path of cultivation was like walking on a single-plank bridge. No matter how high one stood, one had to get rid of the fear at the bottom. Otherwise, one would fall.
One's conscience was very important.
"But they are very powerful," said Lan Qing.
"You will become more powerful," said Luo Zheng with a faint smile.
Lan Qing lowered her head and pondered for a while. When she raised her head, a faint determination appeared in her pretty eyes.
In fact, Lan Qing was a very optimistic girl. However, the environment she grew up in made her think of the You Xiong Clan as a terrifying enemy.
Luo Zheng also knew that a few words from him wouldn't be able to solve the fear of the You Xiong Clan. However, he only needed to prove that the You Xiong Clan wasn't invincible. That would be enough, and the fear in their hearts would be easily solved.
After those airships landed, the people of the You Xiong Clan flew over from the stone pillars.
The leader of the group was an old man with a straight back. The old man's eyes were shining, and every move of his was vigorous and vigorous. The old man also cupped his hands toward those big clans, then led the people of the You Xiong Clan to a corner.
Not long after the people of the You Xiong Clan arrived, the people of the Jinwu Clan, the Minyue Clan, and the Divine Farmer Clan arrived one after another.
During these years, the human race, led by the You Xiong Clan, had been expanding.
The human race, which had seemed to be a bit weak before, now seemed to be catching up with the other super clans. If these super clans joined forces, they might even be stronger than the Liyuan Clan.
The leader of the Jinwu Clan was Lady Phoenix.
She walked at the front, swaying her slim waist slightly. A pair of pure golden wings fluttered with her, giving out a breathtaking charm.
All the creatures on the scene focused their eyes on Phoenix.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly when he saw Phoenix.
Back then at the Guan Shan Prefecture, he was almost killed by this woman's disillusionment projection. Who would have thought that they would meet again.
But this was ultimately the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World. With Qiu Yinhe and the other elders protecting him, there was nothing to be afraid of.
The Phoenix Woman walked around in a circle and walked over with a cold smile on her face.
Seeing this, Qiu Yinhe took a step forward and blocked her path. He cupped his hands at Phoenix and said, "Lady Phoenix, I wonder if there's anything you want to teach me?"
Phoenix's gaze landed on Feng Ge. She chuckled, "Nothing much. I just want to see the traitor of our Jinwu who is about to undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. Time really flies."
Hearing this, Feng Ge's expression sank slightly. He stood up and said coldly, "Say that again!"
Those years in the Phoenix Nest were memories that Feng Ge did not want to recall. Yet Phoenix actually took the initiative to provoke him. Feng Ge was naturally furious.
"Phoenix, watch your words." Qiu Yinhe warned with an unhappy expression.
Everyone came here for the Chaotic Origin Great World, not to stir up trouble.
Phoenix Maiden did not care about Qiu Yinhe. She continued: "I am not wrong. Your mother is a traitor. Naturally, you are a traitor too. It is fine if you were to hide in the Heavenly Palace like your mother. But since you dared to come to the Chaotic Origin Great World, you should be prepared not to return."
Feng Ge's expression darkened. Just as he was about to speak, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped Feng Ge and said, "Let's not bicker with these winged birdmen."
Phoenix originally did not notice Luo Zheng. But when she saw Luo Zheng, she recalled the scene at the Guan Shan Prefecture. Her expression sank, "It's you?"
Her disillusionment projection had allowed Luo Zheng to escape several times. Naturally, Luo Zheng left a deep impression on her.

Chapter 3011
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Target
Feng Ge's face was full of suspicion. She found it strange that Phoenix knew Luo Zheng.
"That's me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Since he had promised Concubine Yan that he would protect Feng Ge, he could only help Feng Ge share some of the pressure.
What's more, this Phoenix had attacked the Heaven Palace as soon as she appeared, which was a bit too much.
When Luo Zheng snatched the Sealing Stone, Phoenix had always had a knot in her heart.
If it was an expert like Qiu Yinhe, it would be fine. But it was an unknown junior, which was a great humiliation to Phoenix.
This brat not only didn't have the intention to avoid her, but also dared to help Feng Ge ridicule her as a birdman? How audacious!
"Do you really think you can sit back and relax just because someone is protecting you?"
Phoenix said, killing intent flashing in her eyes, and a scorching soul aura spread out.
The disciples of the Heaven Palace, who were originally sitting on the ground, felt this terrifying soul aura and retreated one after another.
This Phoenix was so domineering, completely disregarding Qiu Yinhe and the other elders of the seven mountains.
Qiu Yinhe, who had always been indifferent, showed anger on his face. He released a sharp soul aura, which turned into a wall in front of the disciples of the Heaven Palace. At the same time, he said coldly, "Phoenix, if you want to fight? Our Heaven Palace can accompany you! "
Lin Zhanting and the elders of the other five mountains also began to accumulate power, and a heavy aura raged in this space.
"Oh?" Phoenix smiled faintly and said at the same time, "If the Heaven Palace is willing to fight, we can't ask for more. How about we take a step back?"
After she finished speaking, the old man of the You Xiong Clan, several leaders of the Divine Farmer Clan, and the powerhouses of the Min Yue Clan all moved and stood beside Phoenix.
The Chaotic Origin Great World hadn't opened yet, but swords were already drawn.
However, discerning people could see that the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was obviously at a disadvantage.
In fact, Donghuang had already anticipated this.
Luo Zheng tore down the divine temple of You Xiong Family anonymously. Without a doubt, You Xiong Family people hated Luo Zheng so much that they wanted to kill him as soon as possible.
You Xiong Family had already learned about the extra body of Feng Ge.
Before they set off, they had already discussed this matter. Phoenix would be the first to step out. If the Great Yi Heaven Palace could not hold back, that would be exactly what they wanted. If the Great Yi Heaven Palace could hold back, it would be a huge blow to the morale of the disciples of the Heaven Palace. They could then settle the score after entering the Chaotic Origin Great World.
This trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World was also the beginning of their falling out with the Great Yi Heaven Palace.
"What the hell is going on in the human race? Internal strife? Hahaha … "A member of the Li Yuan Clan laughed.
In recent years, the humankind had been rising fast, especially You Xiong Family. Now, even the Liyuan Family and the other large families couldn't underestimate them. Judging by the current situation, You Xiong Family seemed to want to get rid of the Heaven Palace, which was exactly what those non-humankind beings wanted.
"Fighting here is against the rules …"
"As long as Li Shan doesn't step out, it's fine!"
"Then the Heaven Palace would most likely be finished!"
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others had ashen expressions.
It wasn't realistic for them to fight in the Snow Drinking Prefecture.
Even though Li Shan was pressured to make the Snow Drinking Prefecture a public prefecture, he had set some requirements.
No fighting was allowed in the Snow Drinking Prefecture.
But now, Li Shan had yet to step out. If the other party really chose to fight outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, none of the Heaven Palace disciples present would be spared.
Even Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others might not be able to protect themselves.
"What a great name the Great Yi Heaven Palace has. Calling themselves the land of Sword Dao under the heavens. Truly a gathering of scoundrels, hahaha …"
"That branch of the human race is originally made up of a bunch of crooked melons and dates. What future can they have?"
"They are so weak. What a waste of entrance tickets. They might as well contribute it to the Heaven Palace!"
Those clansmen of the You Xiong Clan also began mocking.
When the disciples of the Heaven Palace heard those words, anger surfaced on their faces. But under such circumstances, they did not dare to retort.
"What do you think of my suggestion?" Phoenix looked at Qiu Yinhe charmingly and asked.
Just as Qiu Yinhe was in a dilemma, a person suddenly fell down from the sky, smashing into the empty ground.
This person was wearing a black cloak. His entire body smashed into the ground, preventing others from seeing his appearance.
When he flipped over and stood up, everyone saw the appearance of that person. Their expression changed abruptly.
Human Emperor Fuxi!
Fuxi had disappeared from the Mother World for a long period of time.
Nobody knew where he went. There were even some who claimed that he had fallen somewhere in the Primal Chaos.
Who would have thought that he would appear on the day the Chaotic Origin Great World opened!
When Fuxi crawled up from the ground, everyone discovered that he was hugging a wine jar. That handsome face of his was in a daze. He actually looked drunk.
He slowly walked towards Phoenix. He completely ignored Phoenix and the experts of the You Xiong Clan and Divine Farmer Clan behind her.
"Human Emperor …"
Qiu Yinhe revealed a respectful expression as he cupped his hands towards Fuxi.
Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting were bewildered. They did not know what Fuxi was trying to do.
Who would have guessed that Fuxi did not care about Qiu Yinhe at all. After bypassing Qiu Yinhe, he took a step forward. His figure floated in front of Luo Zheng like a ghost. He placed one hand on Luo Zheng's shoulder and wrapped it around Luo Zheng's neck. He said, "Little Brother, we meet again!"
Luo Zheng had felt how powerful this man was when he was at the lowest level of the Primal Chaos.
Now that Luo Zheng's cultivation had reached the Paramita 13 Heavens realm, his Sun Soul had become more condensed and sharper. But Fuxi still gave him an unfathomable feeling.
"What a coincidence." Luo Zheng indifferently replied.
"Coincidence your fart. I have been waiting for you. But you are too slow. You only started the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction now. How long do you want me to wait?" Fuxi asked.
"Why are you waiting for me?" Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled look.
"Of course, I am waiting for an appropriate time to kill you and replace you." Fuxi chuckled.
Even though he was smiling, those drunken eyes of his revealed a strand of seriousness. Luo Zheng felt his heart palpitating slightly. This fella did not seem to be joking.
Luo Zheng naturally did not know of Fuxi's long-cherished wish …
After Fuxi guessed the intention of the Ancient God, he had completely treated Luo Zheng as his target.
With Luo Zheng's growth speed, he was already extremely monstrous. But in the eyes of Fuxi, he was still too slow.
When the others heard the crazy words of Fuxi, they were dumbfounded since they did not know the inside story.
With Fuxi's strength, he could crush Luo Zheng to death with a single finger. Why would he wait for Luo Zheng to grow before killing him?
Even if Luo Zheng truly grew, could he become a powerful existence like Fuxi in the future?
Phoenix and the others were also puzzled. Fuxi had suddenly interfered, and she did not know what to do next.

Chapter 3012
Fuxi's voice was not loud, but every living being present heard it clearly. The entire place turned silent.
Even though Li Shan had contributed the Snow Drinking Prefecture, it was ultimately closer to Li Shan.
And the experts from the Golden Crow Clan, You Xiong Clan, Li Yuan Clan, and the other superpowers had yet to arrive.
They were clear of the price of disobeying Fuxi.
Phoenix's expression turned ugly.
Her goal was to give the Heaven Palace a show of strength and dampen their spirit.
The news that came from the Paramita made the Golden Crow and You Xiong Clansmen slightly depressed. That 'Tian Hang' had been targeting their superpowers time and time again, yet they could not do anything to him.
She did not expect that Fuxi would personally appear.
"Human Emperor said that everything will be fine outside the Snow Drinking Prefecture?" Phoenix gritted her teeth and asked.
If Di Jun of Jinwu, Di Hongshi of You Xiong, and Lie Shan of Shennong were here, they might not be afraid of Fuxi.
But now that they were in someone else's territory, they could only lower their heads.
"As you wish." Fuxi shrugged. His eyes flashed with a dark light as he stared at Phoenix: "But I'll say this first. If anyone dares to touch this little brother, I, Fuxi, will definitely hunt them down until they die!"
Fuxi believed that Luo Zheng was the candidate chosen by Ancient God Primordial. Naturally, he would not allow Luo Zheng to die so easily.
Of course, Fuxi also knew that Luo Zheng would not be killed so easily. He was only advising Phoenix and the others not to have any evil thoughts.
Phoenix's expression changed. You Xiong, Min Yue, Shennong Clan, and the other leaders also had ugly expressions.
As for the many junior clansmen and disciples, they all had strange expressions.
"What capabilities does that brat have to deserve the Human Emperor's protection?"
"Didn't you hear? Fuxi sees him as an opponent! Naturally, he will not allow others to touch him. "
"He … is qualified to be the Human Emperor's opponent?"
These disciples who were about to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World felt their hearts trembling.
Even if they succeeded in undergoing the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, allowing their strength to leap by an entire level, they were still not strong enough in the Mother World where experts were as common as clouds. Much less becoming an opponent of Fuxi, experts at the level of Qiu Yinhe and Phoenix could still insta-kill them.
They were all from the 13 Opposite Heavens, so why was the gap between them so huge?
At this time, another giant flying ship arrived from the horizon.
When Fuxi saw the airship, a smile appeared on his drunken face. He patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "Your sister is here."
"Younger sister?"
"Luo Zheng has a younger sister?"
"His sister is from Li Mountain?"
Feng Ge's eyes kept turning, and his heart was filled with surprise.
Ling Shuang was also puzzled.
Although she knew about Luo Zheng's background, how was Luo Zheng related to Li Shan?
Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting looked at Luo Zheng with deep meaning. They were laughing bitterly in their hearts.
They thought that Luo Zheng was a remnant of the Nine Li Tribe and did not have any backing. Hence, he was determined to join the Great Yi Heaven Palace. It seemed that they had underestimated this brat …
Only Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and the others knew the truth. After all, Chi Yi had informed the old Nine Li Tribe about some essential information.
The flying ship of Li Mountain did not stop at the stone pillars. Instead, it floated in the sky.
Not long later, several hundred black dots leaped out from the flying ship. Those black dots were the Nuwa Clan members.
"Sou sou sou …"
Not only were there members of the Nuwa Clan in Li Mountain, there was also a portion of humans like Ming Wei. Even though they had the bloodline of the Nuwa Clan, they were still considered humans and belonged to the Nuwa Clan.
This was similar to Feng Ge's situation. Even though Feng Ge had the bloodline of the Golden Crow, even though he was born in the Phoenix Nest, he did not grow a pair of huge golden wings on his back like Phoenix.
There were a total of four to five hundred people descending from Li Mountain. It was slightly more than the Li Yuan Clan.
A majority of them were half-human and half-human. They dragged a long tail behind them. Close to a third of them looked no different from humans.
Just as the people of Li Mountain landed, a human girl walked out from their midst.
Luo Yan looked left and right before finally landing on the Heaven Palace. With a single glance, she found Luo Zheng.
"Big Brother!"
Luo Yan rushed over to Luo Zheng and hugged Luo Zheng.
Her longing for Luo Zheng was not any lesser than Luo Zheng. She had predicted that Luo Zheng would come for the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World this time. Now that her wish was fulfilled, she was naturally overjoyed.
"Yan 'er!"
Even though Luo Zheng knew that Luo Yan was safe in Li Mountain with Ming Wei's protection, she was still a young girl who had just entered Li Mountain. She might not have a good life.
But now, it seemed that his worries were unnecessary.
"Hey, you didn't say anything weird to my big brother right?" Luo Yan suddenly stretched her head out and glared at Fuxi.
Luo Yan knew some things about Fuxi. She was indeed worried that Fuxi would do something bad to her big brother.
It was unknown what Fuxi owed Luo Yan. Or did Luo Yan have something that could be used against Luo Yan? Luo Yan actually dared to reprimand Fuxi so brazenly.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
This was a Mortal Emperor …
Including Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Qiu Yinhe, and others. They were all sweating for Luo Yan.
This little sister of Luo Zheng was truly daring …
But those from the Nuwa Clan remained calm as if they were used to this.
As for Fuxi's reaction, it was beyond everyone's expectations. The drunkenness on his face was swept away, and he actually answered submissively, "No, of course not!"
"If you dare to talk nonsense to my big brother, I won't let you off," Luo Yan said fiercely as she waved her small fist.
Not to mention the others, even Luo Zheng was dumbfounded by this scene.
Fuxi was called the Mortal Emperor because it was a symbol of strength and status.
As one of the most powerful people in the Mother World, his majesty was unquestionable. But in front of Luo Yan, he actually acted so submissively. What on earth had happened?
Qiu Yinhe and the others were also extremely shocked.
That was the Mortal Emperor Fuxi …
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others had already seen that Luo Yan's status in the Nuwa Clan wasn't low. She had been surrounded by people all the way from the flying boat.
Even if her status was high, how high could it be?
To be able to reprimand the Mortal Emperor like this, and the Mortal Emperor didn't dare to talk back?
But such an inconceivable scene had happened. If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they would have found it hard to believe.
Being threatened by a little girl like this, Fuxi also felt embarrassed. He said, "Alright, I don't need to maintain order here. The people of Mount Li can return to their positions …"
After that, he didn't give Luo Yan a chance to speak. His figure flashed and he disappeared before everyone's eyes.
"He actually ran away just like that. How hateful!"

Chapter 3013
The Black Ship Is Sailing
Phoenix and the others had already returned to their clansmen.
Seeing Luo Yan's performance, that oval-shaped face of hers was speechless.
She finally understood why Luo Zheng had so many powerful hidden divine abilities by his side. Why did Luo Zheng display such unfathomable strength the moment he stepped into the Nirvana Realm? Furthermore, this brat did not even fear the burning of the Golden Crow Divine Fire.
This brat's background was definitely not simple!
But a new question arose.
If his sister could act so brazenly in front of Fuxi, who were the parents of this pair of siblings?
Most of the sentient beings present were puzzled. No one in this world could make Fuxi react in such a manner. What background did this pair of siblings have?
The disciples of Heart Flow Sword Sect, Absolute Formation Sword Sect, and Murdering Sword Sect were even more shocked.
"Brother Gao, this disciple of your Heart Flow Sword Sect has such a huge background?" A disciple of Murdering Sword Sect asked.
"Isn't he the champion of the Seven Mountains Party? Isn't he someone without any background? "Another disciple of Absolute Formation Sword Sect whispered.
How would Heart Flow Sword Sect's Gao Qizheng and Mo Yijian answer?
In Gao Qizheng's eyes, Luo Zheng was someone like Mo Yijian, someone who climbed up to the Heavenly Palace from the grassroots with great talent.
How would he know that there was such a secret behind it?
One of the two great geniuses of the Heavenly Palace, Chou Xue, and Ye Shang exchanged glances with each other.
Luo Zheng's talent had once caused the two of them to feel discouraged. But now, they calmed down a little. There was a reason why Luo Zheng was so outstanding. His background was not something they could compare with.
"Big Brother, when the Chaotic Origin Great World opens, you have to follow me obediently." Luo Yan smiled at Luo Zheng before retreating to another corner with the other clansmen of Li Mountain.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile on his face.
In the Divine Realm, Luo Yan's strength had once soared. But in front of Luo Zheng, she was still someone who needed his protection.
But now, Luo Yan's confidence showed that she felt that she was strong enough to protect herself.
It seemed that Luo Yan's progress in Mount Li was not small …
"I've never heard of you having a younger sister," Ling Shuang's voice drifted over.
Feng Ge's eyebrows also contained a trace of a smile. That smile was like a ball of fire in an iceberg. She also said in a low voice, "It seems that your sister's background is much greater than yours …"
Concubine Yan once told Feng Ge that Luo Zheng was a remnant of Jiuli.
Of course, a dilapidated super force could not be compared to the Heavenly Palace.
In front of Luo Zheng, Feng Ge was always proud because of his status. This was human nature.
Not only Feng Ge, but also Ling Shuang.
Now, it seemed that they were completely wrong. Luo Zheng was probably not just a remnant of the Jiuli Tribe.
Based on this situation, these two siblings were very likely to be the direct descendants of Chi You. They might even be one of Chi You's most important descendants …
"Actually, I don't know what happened either," Luo Zheng touched his head and smiled helplessly. In reality, Luo Yan's status in Mount Li was probably much higher than his own in the Heavenly Palace!
After the people of Mount Li had all arrived, everyone still sat in place and waited.
At this moment, more flying boats continued to arrive.
Some of them were super forces, and some were from other small clans. In the corners of this open space, more and more people gathered.
According to the unspoken convention, the top experts of these super forces would not personally lead the team.
For example, the lords of the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace did not come. The experts of the You Xiong Clan and the Li Yuan Clan also did not come personally.
However, when most of the clans of the mother world had arrived, a large black ship suddenly appeared in the sky.
When this large ship appeared, the expressions of Qiu Yinhe, Phoenix, and the leaders of the super forces changed several times.
"Black ship?"
"Why are they here!"
"It has been thousands of years since the Black ship trained new people, right?"
"Could it be that they have found another heaven-defying monster?"
The Black ship was a notorious force in the mother world.
They did not ally with any forces, nor did they compromise with any forces.
At the same time, they would plunder everywhere. No matter how powerful the forces were, even powerful existences like the Li Yuan Clan and the You Xiong Clan, they had also been plundered by them. It could be said that they had made countless enemies.
Even if all the forces in the mother world hated them, they were still active in the mother world.
In history, the Black ship had only escaped from the mother world once. At that time, the Black ship offended the Ear Mouse Clan and snatched a Nirvana token from the Thirtieth Layer of Heaven. The Ear Mice erupted with terrifying power for the first time and spent a lot of money to invite the super forces of the entire mother world to besiege the Black ship.
But even if all the apex experts of the mother world acted, they only managed to kill one person. The Black ship avoided the limelight in the Primal Chaos for several hundred years. When they returned, they destroyed an important branch of the Ear Mice. At the same time, they kept harassing the caravans of the Ear Mice, killing them every time they saw them.
The Ear Mice were just merchants in the mother world. They could not fight and kill all day long. Furthermore, the Black ship did not have a fixed force in the mother world. Once they were forced into a corner, they would escape.
Being forced into a corner, the Ear Mice could only make peace with the Black ship. They even sent a huge gift to settle this matter.
The exact number of people in the Black ship had always been a mystery. But it was certain that those who could enter the Black ship were all supreme experts of the mother world.
Occasionally, the Black ship would train new people.
But those who were chosen by the Black ship were all monstrous monsters.
These years, the Black ship did not participate in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Who would have thought that they would personally come this year.
After that Black ship flew above everyone's head, a woman wearing a black dress jumped down and landed firmly on the ground.
This woman's skin was as white as paper. Her face was as cute as a doll. Her pair of big eyes were even more captivating. But if one was sensitive, they would be able to smell a dense Death Qi from her body.
Shen Tu!
Phoenix, Qiu Yinhe, and the leaders of the other great clans revealed a look of dread.
An expert on the level of Shen Tu was much stronger than Qiu Yinhe and the others. She was an expert on the same level as the Mountain Lords of the Seven Mountains and the Five Elements Envoy of You Xiong. According to convention, such an expert was not allowed to enter the Snow Drinking Province.
The moment Shen Tu appeared, Fuxi, who had originally disappeared, returned.
"I could smell the stench of corpses on your body from afar. What are you doing in the Snow Drinking Province? Scram! "Fuxi said while fanning his nose.

Chapter 3014
Fuxi clearly did not have a good attitude towards the black ship. Furthermore, it was against the rules for someone like Shen Tu to barge into the Snow Drinking Prefecture.
"If you don't leave, don't blame me for being impolite." Fuxi threatened.
The Snow Drinking Prefecture might be a public prefecture, but it was still under the control of Li Shan. As long as Li Shan did not go overboard and was willing to distribute the resources of the Chaotic Origin Great World, the other superpowers would not have any objections.
Shen Tu was not afraid of Fuxi. Instead, she smiled sweetly: "Human Emperor, there is no need to be so anxious. I am merely sending a little disciple to the Chaotic Origin Great World. I have the entrance ticket!"
Saying that, she raised her head and spoke to the black ship: "You can come down."
A living being who could be nurtured by the black ship would definitely become a powerful existence in the future.
Everyone was curious about this little disciple of hers. Their gazes were all focused on the black ship.
"That woman is very strong. What superpower is this black ship?" Luo Zheng asked softly.
"A group of bandits running rampant in the Mother World. They are very few in number. It is said that there are only about ten of them. But every single one of them is an absolute expert. They can be considered a superpower." Ling Shuang replied from the side.
"Just ten of them and they are called a superpower? How can this be …" Luo Zheng revealed a look of astonishment.
For a super force to be born, it must go through countless years of precipitation, and give birth to countless outstanding talents. For example, the Greater One Heavenly Palace was actually built after gathering all the humans in the mother world except for You Xiong, Shennong and Jiuli.
What Ling Shuang said had broken Luo Zheng's understanding.
"Why not? Strength means everything. It is said that the leader of the black ship is even respected by the Li Yuan Clan Patriarch. Those slightly weaker superpowers can't do anything to the black ship. "Feng Ge added.
This was originally what Ling Shuang wanted to say. But Feng Ge spoke first, causing her to reveal a look of resentment.
Feng Ge glanced at Ling Shuang's expression from the corner of his eyes and revealed a faint smile.
Just as Shen Tu called out, a black-robed young man leaped down from the black ship. He landed on the ground, creating a huge crater. This black-robed young man crawled out from the crater. He swept his gaze across the surroundings with a look of arrogance before laughing out: "These are my preys in the Chaotic Origin Great World? Seems a little too weak, tsk tsk. "
You Xiong, Li Yuan, Shennong, Li Shan, Er Rat, and many other super forces' clansmen frowned slightly when they heard this.
Today, the people who came to the Snow Drinking Province were all top forces of the Origin World. The disciples and clansmen of these forces were also one in ten thousand. They could all be called monstrous geniuses.
All geniuses were conceited.
However, in the face of all the geniuses of their home world, they could only keep a low profile.
There would always be someone stronger than him. Even if he was strong, he should not casually reveal his strength. If he made too many enemies, he would be surrounded and killed in the Chaotic Origin Great World. That would be too unjust.
However, the young man on the black ship did not seem to put them in his eyes at all. As soon as he appeared, he spoke arrogant words. They had never seen such an arrogant young man.
Experts at the level of Phoenix and Qiu Yinhe naturally wouldn't bicker with such a junior, but they couldn't help but take a few more glances at him.
However, the young clansmen and disciples of the various superpowers couldn't hold themselves back.
"What are you?!"
"You think we're prey? Why don't you take a look at yourself first! "
"After entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, don't be so scared that you pee your pants!"
Li Yuan Clan, Divine Farmer Clan, and several other large clans mocked him. For a moment, all sorts of unpleasant voices rose and fell.
If it was an ordinary person, he would understand that he had provoked the public and should restrain himself.
However, the black-robed young man revealed a sinister smile. As his eyes flashed, a vast soul aura spread out.
This soul aura was so powerful that it far surpassed the Indigo Soul of the same level!
"What a powerful aura …"
After feeling that aura, it wasn't just the younger generation clansmen who were shocked. Even Phoenix, Qiu Yinhe, and the other leaders were shocked. To be able to cultivate the Sun Soul to such a level in the Color World, the people on the black ship were indeed extraordinary.
Under the suppression of this vast aura, those young clansmen immediately shut their mouths.
"Why is the soul of this black-robed young man so powerful?" A tall and sturdy young man from the Divine Farmer Clan frowned.
Beside this tall and sturdy young man, there was a curly-haired girl curled up. Her messy curly hair covered her appearance. Only her red lips could be seen, "He is much stronger than Little Uncle. Little Uncle, are you afraid?"
"Hmph, what's the use of having a powerful Sun Soul? If you want to strengthen your Sun Soul, you can just cross the Color World. If you cultivate in the Desire World, you can surpass him in a short time. This fellow dares to be so arrogant despite being alone. Once he enters the Chaotic Origin Great World, he will definitely die under the siege of so many people." The tall and sturdy young man snorted.
"Hehehehe …" This curly-haired girl curled up into a ball and let out a weird laugh. She didn't refute the words of Little Uncle.
Over at the You Xiong Clan, a white-haired young man holding a spear frowned slightly. At the same time, he said, "Di An, after entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, pay more attention to this brat."
"Mn, for him to cultivate his Sun Soul to such an extent, his Paramita Talisman should not be simple either." That male called Di An nodded.
The true geniuses of the various clans would not participate in the previous cursing. From the moment they entered, they had been silently observing their potential opponents. For example, Luo Zheng, Ye Shang, Feng Ge and others from the Heaven Palace. For example, Luo Yan, Chen Xiandou and other girls from the Li Mountain …
If these people were worth observing and paying attention to, then this Evil Deities at the center was definitely someone they should be wary of!
After the black-robed young man unleashed his aura, he chuckled sinisterly: "In the Paramita Realm, all of you are hiding in your Deity Temples like rats, afraid that I will devour your souls. But in this Chaotic Origin Great World, there are no Deity Temples for you to hide!"
"Devour souls?"
Everyone was stunned for a moment. Very soon, someone thought of a terrifying existence.
"Ah! I felt that the soul aura of this person was familiar! "
"It's him! It must be him! He is that Soul Devouring Devil! He must be! "
"His voice is the same too. I remember now!"
The expressions of the younger generation of the great clans changed greatly.
After Luo Zheng overturned the You Xiong Clan's Deity Temple, another human had created a huge wave in the Four Heavens of the Paramita Realm.
It was unknown what kind of soul divine ability this human possessed. He could easily absorb the Sun Soul into his body.
At the same time his Sun Soul cultivation rose, his body was not affected at all!
The Three Great Orthodoxies of the Human Race and other great clans had suffered losses in front of this person.
As this person absorbed more and more Sun Souls, his Sun Soul cultivation continued to rise, allowing him to rampage unhindered within the Four Heavens, sweeping everything before him.
They did not know the origin of this person. Hence, they changed his name to Soul Devouring Devil.

Chapter 3015
Education
The Soul Devouring Demon was supposed to keep a low profile after committing heinous acts in the Nirvana Realm.
No one would have thought that this Soul Devouring Demon would be so arrogant.
After offending almost all the super forces, he dared to openly admit that he was worthy of being chosen by the Kurofune!
But Shen Tu had no intention of restraining the black-clothed youth, as if he was not worried about his safety at all.
Luo Zheng was originally asking about the origin of the Kurofune, but when the black-clothed youth appeared, he suddenly stood up with his eyebrows raised, his eyes full of disbelief.
"What's wrong with you?" Feng Ge asked curiously.
"Luo Zheng, do you know him?" Ling Shuang was also full of doubts.
Now Feng Ge and Ling Shuang were more and more confused about Luo Zheng. Not only was he related to Li Shan, but he also seemed to know the people on the Kurofune?
Luo Zheng just asked them about the origin of the Kurofune, so he should know nothing about the Kurofune.
"I know him," Luo Zheng said with a wry smile on his face, "He … is a secondary creature in my inner world."
"What?"
"A creature in your inner world?"
Feng Ge and Ling Shuang's faces changed at the same time.
Qiu Yinhe, who was standing at the front, also heard Luo Zheng's words. He turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng in surprise, asking, "Are you sure?"
"I'm sure," Luo Zheng said with a wry smile, "When I first entered the mother world, I released him. I didn't expect this person to reach this point in such a short time …"
Luo Zheng released the Evil Deities because he felt that he owed the Evil Deities a favor for merging with the Dao energy.
Although he also knew that the Evil Deities had a heaven-defying talent, he never thought that he could grow at such a speed and join a force like the Kurofune.
Back then, Luo Zheng had also taken precautions. Before the Evil God left, he had built a place for him to stay.
Logically speaking, as long as the Evil Deities were a certain distance away from him, he should be able to sense their approximate location. However, even when the Evil Deities jumped out of the black ship, Luo Zheng did not notice them.
What method did he use to shield himself from the shackles of the Resting Ground?
Although Luo Zheng understood that the Soul Lodging Ground wasn't omnipotent, he never expected that Evil Deities would be able to break free from his restraints in such a short time.
Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and Qiu Yinhe were speechless when they heard Luo Zheng's reply.
Luo Zheng himself was already a freak. It didn't make sense that the creatures in this guy's Inner World were also so powerful.
Looking at the appearance of the black-clothed youth, he was both powerful and arrogant. He was definitely not a kind person.
Feng Ge, Qiu Yinhe, and Ling Shuang still had some doubts. Could it be that Luo Zheng had mistaken them for someone else?
While the various factions were still digesting the black-clothed youth's words, the youth turned his head and looked towards the Heavenly Palace. His gaze met with Luo Zheng's, and the wild and evil smile on his face became even more intense.
"What a coincidence, my Creator is also here," the Evil Deities said loudly.
When these words came out, everyone present looked at each other.
"Creator? What does that mean? "
"It sounds like an incredible title …"
"Hehehe, could it be the Creator of the Inner World?"
Naturally, everyone present had opened up their Inner Worlds, and their Inner Worlds were already extremely complete. At the very least, they were all at the Hundred Fan Domain.
They also had titles in their own inner worlds, such as Creator God, Creator Venerable, Lord of Life … There were all kinds of strange titles. After all, they were the absolute masters of their own inner worlds. Such titles were not excessive for the secondary life forms in their inner worlds.
But such titles in the Mother World and the Primal Chaos were somewhat inexplicable. Only the creator of the Mother World was qualified to be called a Creator, right?
Shen Tu's slightly empty eyes also blinked, releasing a trace of light. The creator of the Evil Deities was actually a Heavenly Palace disciple?
Facing the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng did not show the slightest weakness. He took a step forward and said, "It is indeed a coincidence. I didn't expect your cultivation to improve so quickly."
Just as everyone was inferring the relationship between the two based on their inexplicable words, the eyes of the Evil Deities flashed like they were looking at prey. "I still have to thank you. It is my honor to be born in your Inner World. But do you know, every breath, every hour, every day in your Inner World … I want to kill you!"
"Hua …"
Hearing this, all the creatures present were in an uproar.
Whether it was the You Xiong Clan, the Li Yuan Clan, or even Fuxi, their eyes bloomed with surprise.
Was this a joke?
Was this guy really a second-level creature from Luo Zheng's Inner World?
On the other side, Luo Yan also bit her lips, frowning slightly, and whispered, "Brother …"
This monstrous black-clothed youth came from Luo Zheng's Inner World? Was he once a second-level creature?
From the standpoint of the Evil Deities, no one was allowed to be above him.
But as a member of Luo Zheng's Inner World, even if he had monstrous abilities, he could not disobey Luo Zheng.
A single thought from Luo Zheng, a single glance from him, was enough to kill him millions of times!
He endured, he told himself that he must wait for that opportunity. In the end, he won Luo Zheng's trust and finally escaped from that damned world.
"It seems that letting you out of my Inner World was a wrong decision. Perhaps I should have used the Soul Lodging Ground to erase you?" Luo Zheng said lightly.
Luo Zheng knew that the Evil Deities had done something to the Soul Lodging Ground, so it was impossible for them to erase him with the Soul Lodging Ground. He was just testing the waters.
"You can try, hahahaha …" The Evil Deities laughed again.
Just as he was laughing wildly, a terrifying force came crashing down on him like Mount Tai.
"Be careful!" Shen Tu's face changed when he saw this, "Human Emperor, you dare kill …"
"Hong!"
Fuxi, who was not far away, stretched out a finger and gently pressed it down. An invisible force pressed Evil Deities to the ground.
Before Shen Tu could react, Fuxi reached out and grabbed Evil Deities, grabbing Evil Deities by the neck.
For an existence like Fuxi, even a single finger of his was shockingly powerful.
The Evil Deities had many lacerations all over his body, blood gushing out, but he couldn't move in Fuxi's hand.
That doll-like face of Deity Domain turned gloomy. His expression became extremely unique. His black pupils were completely dilated, and not a single trace of white could be seen in his eyes. It was extremely strange.
That was Shen Tu's combat state. He would only activate it when facing an expert like Fuxi.
Fuxi ignored the existence of Shen Tu. He grabbed Evil Deities by the neck and coldly said: "I don't care where you came from. I've already said it once. I'll repeat it now. If anyone dares to attack Luo Zheng outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, I'll definitely kill him!"
Fresh blood flowed down from his forehead. A violent energy surged within his body. One of his eyes was emitting the light of hatred.
When had Evil Deities suffered such a huge loss?
But Fuxi was so powerful …

Chapter 3016
"Shua!"
Evil Deities was thrown out like a rag by Fuxi, leaving behind a trail of blood on the cold ground.
Fuxi naturally did not care about the thoughts of an ant. He pointed at Shen Tu with an unfriendly expression: "You and your ship, leave the Snow Drinking Continent."
Everyone could see that if Shen Tu did not leave, a huge battle would be unavoidable.
Shen Tu's eyes gradually returned to normal. She swept a glance at Evil Deities and knew that this brat was fine. Fuxi had just taught him a lesson and did not intend to kill him. Otherwise, with Fuxi's strength, that finger of his could have directly crushed Evil Deities into pieces.
Her originally solemn face revealed a cute smile. That's good too …
Shen Tu was a soft-hearted woman. She had recognized Evil Deities as her disciple and accepted his arrogance and despotism.
But Evil Deities was indeed unreasonably arrogant. She could borrow Fuxi's hand to teach him a lesson and let him understand the immensity of Heaven and Earth.
Shen Tu walked in front of Evil Deities and threw him a golden pill. At the same time, she said: "Don't pretend to be dead. We will wait for you outside the Snow Drinking Continent."
After saying that, Shen Tu lightly bowed to Fuxi and revealed a brilliant smile, "If anything happens to him, I'm afraid it will be hard to explain to Boss. I hope that Human Emperor will restrain himself."
The warning in Shen Tu's words could not be more obvious. If Evil Deities were killed by others in the Chaotic Origin Great World, he could only blame himself for not being skilled enough. But outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, anyone who dared to act against Evil Deities would have to consider the methods of the black ship.
After saying that, her figure flashed and disappeared from where she stood. And that black ship floating above everyone's head also flew away like a ghost.
After the black ship left, Fuxi sneered. He executed a Greater Teleportation and disappeared from everyone's sight.
The next moment, he appeared on top of a snow-capped mountain. From here, he could see the entire Chaotic Origin Great World. He picked up a wine jar and drank a mouthful of strong wine before looking down silently.
Fuxi was a person who hated trouble. If not for the sake of winning the forgiveness of a certain person, he would not have appeared on behalf of Li Shan to maintain the order of the Snow Drinking Continent.
…
Many of the clansmen and disciples present looked at the Evil Deities curled up on the ground like a rag, and felt a faint sense of satisfaction in their hearts.
No matter who it was, they couldn't stand such an arrogant person.
Moreover, this fellow's true identity was that of a Soul Sucking Demon. Many great clans hated him to the bone!
Under everyone's gaze, Evil Deities crawled up from the ground and placed the golden pill into his mouth. He then closed his eyes and sat cross-legged on the spot with a cold smile on his face.
Shen Tu thought that Fuxi could teach the Evil Deities a lesson, but that was because she didn't understand the Evil Deities at all. Even Luo Zheng, the creator of the Evil Deities, found it difficult to understand their thoughts.
When he was in Luo Zheng's inner world, he was facing Luo Zheng, who was the Creator.
He understood the significance of Luo Zheng to his inner world and knew that Luo Zheng was invincible, but he still made a counterattack and set up a trap to erase this Creator.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was an omniscient and omnipotent existence in his inner world.
Even if his inner incarnation was destroyed, it was only a wisp of Luo Zheng's soul that was destroyed. That was a predestined counterattack.
Evil Deities was driven by an extremely primitive evil will. Driven by this will, he would not compromise with anyone, not even the Creator, the Venerable Creator, or the God of Creation …
At that time, Luo Zheng also felt the thoughts of Evil Deities and wanted to kill them.
But at that time, Luo Zheng had just entered the Realm of the Gods and was not in the mood to take care of his inner world. He needed a powerful individual to help him, so he left Evil Deities behind.
Since then, there had been no more problems with his inner world. The Evil God had done well in all aspects, and even after he had gone into seclusion, the system he had left behind had allowed his inner world to return to stability and peace.
But he did not know that after Evil Deities suppressed the primitive evil will, they were madly absorbing the power of the Divine Dao.
Relying on their heaven-defying talent, Evil Deities grew rapidly and even fused with many Divine Daos in exchange for a bargaining chip to leave his inner world.
Such an existence was destined to not submit to anyone!
Although Fuxi was powerful, compared to Evil Deities, he was not as strong as the Creator Luo Zheng.
He did not even compromise with the Creator, so how could he compromise with Fuxi?
When Evil Deities sat upright, he emitted a strange aura.
No matter who it was, they would be upset when they felt this aura. Even people at the level of Phoenix and Qiu Yinhe were like this. This could no longer be explained by the strength of his soul. He was born evil, he was the enemy of the world!
"Luo Zheng, the person born from your body … is truly extraordinary." Feng Ge looked at Evil Deities with disgust.
After Evil Deities swallowed the pill, the wounds on his body were completely healed.
Although his appearance was extremely handsome, even very charming, the evil aura he exuded made Feng Ge very unhappy.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly. It was a mistake to let this guy out. He had made a strong enemy for no reason, and now he could not suppress Evil Deities.
"Luo Zheng, have you heard of Dao Refinement Body Splitting?" Ling Shuang suddenly asked.
"Dao Refinement Body Splitting?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Qiu Yinhe smiled and said, "It's a cultivation method. A long, long time ago, it was very popular."
The creatures in the Inner World could cultivate by themselves. A person's Inner World had thousands of creatures, and there would always be many outstanding individuals with exceptional talent.
These outstanding individuals could be cultivated by themselves and brought out of the Inner World. After being cultivated, they could become one of their own avatars.
"But these avatars have their own consciousness. They are also individuals," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"Yes." Qiu Yinhe nodded. "That's why Dao Refinement Body Splitting can be classified as an evil technique. Even the Soul Lodging Lands were created to better cultivate and control one's own Dao Refinement Body Splitting."
"But I don't think there are many people who have avatars now," Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Qiu Yinhe said that it was very popular a long, long time ago, which meant that there must have been some changes.
"Because it is difficult to control the avatars in the Soul Lodging Lands, there are more and more methods to remove the Soul Lodging Lands. Many secondary creatures in the Inner World betray their original masters after leaving their main bodies, not giving their original masters a chance to erase their consciousness," Qiu Yinhe replied.
Dao Refinement Body Splitting was divided into two steps. First, choose a creature to establish the Soul Lodging Lands. Then, let this creature leave the Inner World and use resources to cultivate it. When the time was right, take away its consciousness and easily make it a part of oneself.

Chapter 3017
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Chaos
Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard about the Doppelganger Cultivation Technique.
This was very unfair to the "doppelganger". After all, the doppelganger was not himself. He had his own consciousness and life …
But why would the powerhouses of that era have so many concerns?
Some of the top powerhouses in the big forces had their doppelganger puppets from the second to the fifth place.
Nowadays, it was very rare to see a creature that could cultivate a doppelganger.
Being easy to remove from the Place of Soul Lodging was only one aspect. On the other hand, the creatures in the mother world were pursuing higher and higher levels of power.
When the Nirvana Realm had just opened, the creatures in the Inner World only needed to enter the Nirvana Realm and integrate with the Nirvana tokens of the Third and Fourth Heavens to erase their memories and turn them into their doppelganger.
For an existence like Qiu Yinhe, it required the creatures in the Inner World to enter the Twentieth Heavens or even higher.
It took too long to cultivate a doppelganger. By then, the creatures would most likely have known the truth of the mother world. They would definitely try to get rid of the control of the Place of Soul Lodging to avoid being made into a doppelganger.
The creatures whose memories were erased would become their doppelganger. However, they would have lost their souls and would not be able to enter the Nirvana Realm. The doppelganger's cultivation would also not increase.
In other words, Qiu Yinhe could easily cultivate a few doppelganger of the Third or Fourth Heavens of the Nirvana Realm. However, the strength of these doppelganger would be of no help to Qiu Yinhe.
"Then …" Luo Zheng looked at the Evil Deities not far away.
"He was created by you. If there's a chance, you can indeed cultivate him into your doppelganger in the future," Qiu Yinhe said lightly.
"The premise is that you have to be stronger than him," Ling Shuang said with a smile. "Otherwise, he will devour you sooner or later! Or even cultivate you into a doppelganger! There are records in the ancient books that such a thing has happened before. "
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The Evil Deities were too vicious. If there was a chance in the future, he would definitely eliminate this person …
Cultivating a doppelganger was indeed an option.
However, just as Ling Shuang said, strength was everything. If one was not strong enough, it was not impossible to be devoured by the Evil Deities instead.
…
Flying boats came one after another from the sky and landed by the side of the Nirvana Realm Realm.
Right now, most of the people who came to the Snow Drinking Province were small clans, and occasionally, there would be one or two super forces.
Everyone present had an excellent state of mind. Some of them sat cross-legged and closed their eyes to cultivate. There were also some who simply entered the Paramita Realm to trade and deal with some matters.
Every time the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, the originally bustling 13 Heavens would turn quiet.
After all, the most outstanding Sun Souls within the 13 Heavens were currently gathered at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
One day later …
Luo Zheng felt a slight vibration from the ground.
"Rumble …"
He and Feng Ge turned to the right. The tremors were coming from the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Several tens of thousands of people present revealed looks of anticipation. They were also praying inwardly that they would be fortunate enough to cross this hurdle and become a Chaotic Origin Expert.
As for some of the people from the large clans, their eyes revealed a trace of battle intent.
Cultivating to the Chaotic Origin Realm wasn't as simple as fusing with a Chaotic Origin Spirit.
That was simply an Asura Field, a battlefield where the various large clans would kill each other. Furthermore, according to the agreement between Li Shan and the various large clans, regardless of who killed the cultivator in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the clan and sect would not pursue the matter!
When the tremors came, that enormous black egg actually started rotating slowly.
If one carefully observed it, one could see that it wasn't the enormous egg itself that was rotating because the barrier wasn't rotating. Instead, it was the black fog trapped within the barrier that was rotating.
In front of the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, many runes lit up. The stone door blocking the entrance also started opening and closing slowly.
There were two girls standing by the side of the stone door. These two girls were also from the Nuwa Clan.
One of the girls shouted: "The Chaotic Origin Great World has opened. Cultivators of Li Shan, please enter first!"
Those who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World first would naturally have a huge advantage.
They could ambush the cultivators or enter deeper into the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Since Li Shan was the one who contributed the Chaotic Origin Great World, he naturally had special privileges that others could not obtain.
Every time the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, they would always be the first to enter.
After Luo Yan stood up, her gaze landed on Luo Zheng. She made a hand gesture to Luo Zheng. Her lips moved slightly as she transmitted via Quintessential Essence: "Big Brother, I'll be waiting for you inside."
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
He did not wish to become a burden for Luo Yan. If Luo Yan had the ability to protect herself, he would have preferred for her to enter deeper into the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"No need. You should try your best to absorb as much Chaotic Origin Spirit as possible." Luo Zheng transmitted back.
Luo Yan revealed a look of displeasure. But she was the one with the legs. Hence, she did not need to listen to Luo Zheng. She could just wait for Luo Zheng by the side after entering.
The Li Shan clansmen formed a line and entered the stone door in a single file.
When they entered the stone door, they pressed the entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World on the side of the stone door. With a 'ka' sound, the entrance ticket shattered. Only then could they enter.
After all the Li Shan clansmen entered, a girl standing in front of the stone door suddenly took out a flower petal. She placed her palm by her lips and lightly blew on it. Those flower petals immediately turned into a myriad of colors. They danced in all directions. There were actually several tens of thousands of flower petals.
One of the flower petals floated towards Luo Zheng. It stopped a chi in front of him.
Luo Zheng extended his hand and took the flower petal. He saw a number on the flower petal.
"10,3352 …" Luo Zheng muttered.
"I am the 7,000th." Feng Ge placed the flower petal in front of Luo Zheng.
"I am the 1860th." Ling Shuang added.
Luo Zheng stared at the flower petal and said: "This is the order of entering the Chaotic Origin Great World? It doesn't seem good to mess it up like this? "
If all the clans entered the Chaotic Origin Great World together, they could still take care of each other. Luo Zheng did not expect that there would be such a random order when entering.
"In the past, it was indeed like this. But the moment the great clans entered, they started fighting. After that, the rules were changed." Feng Ge explained.
Some of the great clans and even super forces had feuds with each other. When a group of people entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, they would start killing each other. This resulted in many great clans suffering heavy losses. Thus, Li Shan had no choice but to mess up the order.
Lan Qing, Huo Ze and the others held onto their flower petals. They were at a loss. This rule was only changed in recent decades. Just like Luo Zheng, they had never heard of this rule before.
Naturally, they were at a loss …
"Rest assured. I'll wait for you at the entrance." Luo Zheng smiled at Lan Qing.

Chapter 3018
Entering the Chaotic Origin Great World depended on one's own strength. But if they could team up, their chances of success would be higher.
The six members of the Nine Li Tribe were naturally willing to follow Luo Zheng.
Lan Qing's ranking on the petal was too low. Naturally, she felt depressed.
Luo Zheng glanced at the ranking before chuckling: "There's no need to worry. Even if we get lost temporarily, we can still find the other party with the soul imprint."
When they were on the flying ship, Luo Zheng had left an imprint on the six members of the Nine Li Tribe, Feng Ge, and Ling Shuang. They could sense each other's location within a short distance. Even if they got lost in the Chaotic Origin Great World, they could still determine the other party's location based on the imprint.
"Mm!" Lan Qing nodded, appearing very obedient.
Those clansmen from the superpowers were all looking at the numbers on their petals.
Some clansmen had already agreed to explore the Chaotic Origin Great World together. But the difference in numbers was too huge. Naturally, they would feel depressed. They were also discussing in hushed tones how to meet up in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
And some of them merely glanced at the petals before ignoring them.
For instance, Mo Yijian, or that muscular young man and curly-haired girl from the Divine Farmer Clan, or …
These people had absolute confidence in their own strength and talent. Hence, they disdained to team up.
After that Nuwa Clan girl in front of the stone door distributed the petals, she announced: "Everyone, take your tickets and enter the Chaotic Origin Great World according to your number. Now, you are the first one."
Just as she finished speaking, a young man walked out from the You Xiong Clan.
This young man had a smile on his face. He was the first to fly towards the stone door.
The number on the petal in his hand was' 1 '. Naturally, he was the first to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World. This was equivalent to him receiving the same preferential treatment as the Nuwa Clan.
After showing the petal in front of the stone door, he pressed the ticket into the seal on the side of the stone door. When the ticket shattered, he flew in.
Following closely behind was a silver-haired wolfman from the Celestial Wolf Clan. The number on his petal was' 2 '. After this silver-haired wolfman completed his verification, he rapidly entered.
The living beings present followed their numbers one after another. Their speed was getting faster and faster.
In just an hour, more than 6,000 people had entered.
"Number 7,000." That girl in front of the stone door shouted.
Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng calmly and said, "I'm going in."
Then, Feng Ge's figure floated up and landed lightly in front of the stone door. He stepped inside.
Then came the eight thousandth place …
Nine thousand …
Ten thousand …
Twelve thousand …
Thirteen thousand …
A small portion of the living beings in this area had already left.
"10,3352!"
The woman in front of the stone gate finally called out Luo Zheng's number.
Luo Zheng smiled at Ling Shuang and the six members of the Li Clan. "I will wait for you inside."
After he finished speaking, he leaped with everyone and landed in front of the stone door.
Just as he handed over the flower petal, that woman from the Nuwa Clan softly said: "Yan 'er did not venture deep into the Chaotic Origin Great World. After entering the stone door, head right. She will be waiting for you there."
There was a hint of blame in the woman's voice.
She did not care about Luo Zheng's background. She only knew that Luo Yan was waiting for this disciple of the Heaven Palace to delay her cultivation. Naturally, she would feel unhappy.
How could Luo Zheng not understand her tone? He smiled faintly before pressing down the ticket in front of the talisman.
"Ka."
After the ticket broke into pieces, Luo Zheng stepped inside.
At the instant he entered the stone door, Luo Zheng was enveloped by a black fog. The surrounding scenery turned dark.
Of course, this darkness was still very different from the Black Domain.
The Black Domain was absolute darkness. And within the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was covered by layers of black fog.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a powerful hindering force.
This hindering force was very strange. It felt as though he had fallen into a quagmire. The surrounding air became very viscous and wrapped around his four limbs.
'This hindering force … is emitted by this black fog?' Luo Zheng's expression turned serious.
Luo Zheng tried waving his arm. That fog was everywhere. Naturally, he could not shake off this hindering force. What was even stranger was that he could not move his arm even though he was only using the strength of his main body.
After trying to muster 30 Deity Jun strength, he was finally able to resist the hindering force of the fog. Only then did he manage to move his arm.
'Even the fine fog has such strength. This place is truly unfathomable …' Luo Zheng thought in astonishment.
If it was someone who had just entered the Nirvana Realm, he would not be able to move at all. Even if he pushed his strength to the limit, he would only be able to muster 10 Deity Jun strength.
As for existences at the level of True Gods, their bodies would most likely explode from the pressure of the fog!
"Sou …"
Behind Luo Zheng, a Li Yuan Clansman had already entered.
This Li Yuan Clansman sized up Luo Zheng with a strand of fear in his eyes.
Although he did not know Luo Zheng's strength, he seemed to have attracted the attention of existences at the level of the Human Emperor. Furthermore, that black-clothed youth even came from this kid's Inner World?
It was better not to provoke such a person …
The Li Yuan Clansman, who had always been insolent, took a step forward. In just a few breaths, he had already disappeared into the black fog.
'Luo Yan said she was waiting for me on the right?'
After urging the power of the Nirvana Realm, he walked through the fog.
Although 30 Deity Jun strength was enough to move in the fog, the omnipresent fog still greatly restricted Luo Zheng's movements. Thus, his explosive strength and speed were limited to a certain extent.
Fortunately, this restriction was for everyone. Everyone was on the same starting line, so it was still fair.
After walking to the right for some distance, Luo Zheng only saw large grayish-brown stones. He did not find any trace of Luo Yan.
'What's going on?' Luo Zheng frowned.
Since Luo Yan said she would wait for him here, she would definitely keep her promise.
Now that she had disappeared, did she encounter some trouble?
Luo Zheng could not help but feel worried.
Unfortunately, he did not leave a soul imprint on Luo Yan. Naturally, he could not find her.
After pacing back and forth for a while, with a thought, he had already used his soul imprint to sense the location of Feng Ge. Once he did so, his expression changed.
Feng Ge had just entered the Chaotic Origin Great World not long ago. Yet, he was already more than 40,000 kilometers away from him?
If this was the outside world, Luo Zheng would not be surprised if he could execute Greater Teleportation.
But it was impossible to execute Greater Teleportation in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Under the obstruction of this black fog, it was impossible for him to explode with such speed. How did Feng Ge do it?
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, wind started blowing within the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"Hu …"
At the same time, he felt a powerful pushing force on his body.

Chapter 3019
Sea Dragon Clan
Every speck of dust was a tiny individual. They formed this region of black fog that spanned three million kilometers in diameter within the Chaotic Origin Great World.
These specks of dust were extremely heavy. Even living beings would find it hard to walk within them, much less the wind?
The wind that blew within the Chaotic Origin Great World naturally required a stronger force!
As Luo Zheng was swept up by this gale, he finally understood why Feng Ge could travel several tens of thousands of kilometers into the Chaotic Origin Great World in such a short period.
Feng Ge did not enter by herself. Instead, she was swept along by this gale just like him. She did not have the freedom to do so!
If that was the case, Luo Yan would most likely be swept away by this gale …
"Hu hu hu …"
Luo Zheng soared into the sky. His speed was getting faster and faster.
'Before coming to the Chaotic Origin Great World, I have never heard of such a strong wind. Could something have happened to the Chaotic Origin Great World?' Luo Zheng pondered.
Furthermore, that woman from the Nuwa Clan told him that Luo Yan was waiting for him by the side.
From this point, it was clear that that woman did not know about this variable.
This gale lasted for an incense worth of time before it gradually subsided.
Luo Zheng also descended steadily from the sky. He landed on a piece of brown rock.
He once again used his soul imprint to sense Feng Ge's position. He discovered that Feng Ge was still about 50,000 to 60,000 kilometers away from him. It seemed that she was similarly swept up by that gale.
Naturally, it was impossible to shorten the distance by a few tens of thousands of kilometers in a short period.
Luo Zheng was not in a rush. After all, everyone had just entered the Chaotic Origin Great World. They would need some time to adapt. There should not be any danger.
He stood on the rock and observed his surroundings. It was a piece of lifeless aura. He could not even see a single plant.
The black fog within the Chaotic Origin Great World was too heavy. To ordinary living beings, this environment was too harsh. Other than the Chaotic Origin Spirit, there should be nothing else here …
'Before I set off, I've heard from Ling Shuang that the Chaotic Origin Spirit likes to hide underground and within rocks. I wonder if there are any Chaotic Origin Spirits within these rocks?'
Thinking of this, he lifted his leg and stomped on the rock beneath him.
"Hua!"
With a crisp sound, fine cracks appeared on the surface of the rock and it collapsed, turning into countless pieces of rubble.
Ling Shuang had once told Luo Zheng that a weak rock would definitely not contain a Chaotic Origin Spirit. If there was a Chaotic Origin Spirit hiding within, the rock would definitely be extremely tough.
Even so, Luo Zheng still rummaged through the stone fragments, yet he did not find any traces of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Luo Zheng jumped up and landed on another rock. At the same time, he stomped on it.
"Hua …"
The rock shattered again.
This time, Luo Zheng stopped searching and jumped to the next rock.
After crushing over twenty rocks in a row, all of them turned into fragments. Naturally, he gained nothing.
Luo Zheng was not discouraged.
Currently, he was still at the periphery of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Furthermore, it was not easy to obtain a Chaotic Origin Spirit.
But just as Luo Zheng jumped up and stomped on the twenty-eighth rock, a 'peng' sound rang out. This huge rock did not shatter under Luo Zheng's stomp!
This stomp of Luo Zheng contained the strength of more than a hundred God Catties, yet not a single crack appeared on the surface of the rock.
The edge of his eyes twitched. A strand of joy could be seen deep in his eyes. Was there a Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within this rock?
Wasn't his luck too good?
After fighting with Chun Yuan previously, Luo Zheng had a certain degree of understanding towards the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Theoretically speaking, the Chaotic Origin Realm did not strengthen one's fleshy body …
The essence of the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction was to fuse the Chaotic Origin Spirit into one's body. And any attacks one received would be borne by the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The amount of energy the Chaotic Origin Spirit could withstand was not endless. Once the amount of energy exceeded what the Chaotic Origin Spirit could withstand, it would enter a state of fatigue. At that point, the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction Body would lose its effect.
If there was a Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within this rock, then that Chaotic Origin Spirit would replace the rock to withstand his strength. That was why the rock appeared indestructible. In reality, it was the Chaotic Origin Spirit that was indestructible and not the rock itself.
'Let's see how much energy you can withstand …'
The edge of Luo Zheng's lips curled up. Both his legs abruptly bounced up, causing him to make a round in midair. He then punched downwards with both fists.
"Hong!"
With this strike, Luo Zheng used 500 God Catties of strength.
That huge piece of rock trembled slightly. Yet it still received Luo Zheng's punch.
'Interesting …'
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
He no longer hesitated. He continued punching down on the rock below.
After punching out seven to eight times, a thin crack formed at the center of the rock.
"Gu gu gu …"
A grayish-brown ball-like object squeezed out from this thin crack. It then bounced to the side.
Even though this was the first time Luo Zheng saw this object, he was certain that it was the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
After receiving multiple attacks from Luo Zheng, the Chaotic Origin Spirit finally could not endure it any longer. It could only escape from the rock.
'Trying to escape? Not a chance! '
Luo Zheng leaped up. He was like a huge eagle spreading its wings as he chased after it.
The pervasive black fog greatly hindered Luo Zheng's speed. But this Chaotic Origin Spirit was not that fast either.
After it replaced the rock to withstand Luo Zheng's attacks, it was extremely tired. As it fled, its speed became slower and slower.
Just as Luo Zheng was getting closer to this little thing, three figures suddenly appeared in front of him. One of them glided along the ground at high speed. He actually grabbed that Chaotic Origin Spirit in his hand.
These three people had scarlet skin. Their bodies were covered in a layer of scales. There was a thick tail dragging behind them. These three were Sea Dragon Clansmen.
"Hehehe, what good luck. Who would have thought that I would be able to pick up a Chaotic Origin Spirit the moment I entered the Chaotic Origin Great World!" That Sea Dragon Clansman revealed a joyous look. The Chaotic Origin Spirit was still struggling futilely in his hand.
There were a total of 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits. Not one more or one less. So many people were competing for these 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits.
They had just entered the Chaotic Origin Great World and were able to obtain one. Naturally, they were delighted.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit which he chased after for half a day actually fell into the hands of others. Luo Zheng's expression sank slightly, "This Chaotic Origin Spirit is something I dug out from the rock. I'll have to trouble this distinguished one to return it to me."
These three Sea Dragon Clansmen naturally saw Luo Zheng.
Even though they knew that Luo Zheng's identity was extraordinary, this was not the outer world. It was the Chaotic Origin Great World.
If Luo Zheng was really killed, then even if Li Shan's people were watching, they wouldn't be able to intervene. They also wouldn't be able to investigate the three Sea Dragons. This was a rule that Nuwa had personally laid down.
"Heh, is this human friend's brain fried? Chaotic Origin Spirits are everywhere in this Great World. Naturally, it belongs to whoever snatches it. "That Sea Dragon Clansman chuckled.
No matter how powerful Luo Zheng's background was, he was ultimately just a single person.

Chapter 3020
The Sea Dragon Clan was not considered a superpower in the Mother World. Naturally, their resources could not be compared to the Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
But the bodies of the Sea Dragon Clansmen were abnormally strong. Especially the dragon scales on their bodies which were natural treasures.
This time, the three of them were extremely lucky. Their numbers were less than 100. Even though they had just entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, the three from the Sea Dragon Clan were the first to gather together.
The other two Sea Dragon Clansmen revealed sinister looks. A Chaotic Origin Spirit might be precious, but since this human brat had a strong background, he should have plenty of good stuff on him.
"You mean you aren't willing to let go of that Chaotic Origin Spirit?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
That Sea Dragon Clansman kept the Chaotic Origin Spirit into his Sumeru Ring before giving a signal to the other two Sea Dragon Clansmen behind him.
The two Sea Dragon Clansmen flashed and appeared by Luo Zheng's side and back, forming a three-pronged attack.
Following that, the leading Sea Dragon Clansman gave a sinister laugh: "When we were outside, I saw that you had a strong background. Who would have thought that you are such a fool. You should have fled the moment you saw us. Now that you no longer have the chance … Rong Er, Rong San, do it!"
In the opinion of this Sea Dragon Clansman called Rong Da, the smartest thing Luo Zheng could do when he saw the three of them was to flee and preserve his life.
The only outcome of entangling with this Chaotic Origin Spirit was to be killed by the three brothers.
Rong Er and Rong San flipped their thick arms, causing a long saber shining with silver light to appear in their hands. Surging Paramita Energy flowed through their bodies. When the energy flowed along their scales, it emitted pieces of sparkling blue light. This was a sign of excitement for the Sea Dragon Clansmen.
'Not fleeing … means I am a fool?'
The edge of Luo Zheng's lips curled into a faint smile.
There were many living beings participating in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Almost all the major clans and superpowers had come.
But Luo Zheng was only wary of seven to eight of them. These three Sea Dragon Clansmen were clearly not among them.
"Hack him into pieces!"
"Sea Dragon Slash!"
The saber light sliced through the black fog like snow. A strength of 800 God catchment could split the world apart.
Whether it was Rong Er or Rong San, they were extremely confident in themselves.
Perhaps the strength of the Sea Dragon Clan was weak, so the Paramita Tokens they obtained weren't the best. Even high-grade Paramita Tokens were rare in their clan.
However, this world was fair. They had stronger bodies to make up for this flaw.
When the two long sabers chopped down on Luo Zheng's face, Luo Zheng unexpectedly raised his hands.
"Hmm?"
Rong Da stood not far away with a hint of joy in his eyes.
He actually used both of his hands to block the white blade?
The fleshy body of a human had always been weak in the eyes of the Sea Dragon Clansmen. Unless it underwent Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, it was not worth mentioning in the eyes of many great clans.
This kid is even more stupid than I thought …
If these two slashes were to hit him, it would be enough to cut his chest open!
Rong Er and Rong San had similar thoughts as Rong Er.
They were still worried that Luo Zheng would take out some strange Nirvana Realm Token, which would be harder to deal with. Never did they expect that Luo Zheng would fight with his bare hands!
"Kuang, kuang!"
Accompanied by two crisp sounds, the two sabers were stuck in Luo Zheng's hands.
His hands turned pure black at this moment. They were like two firm pliers that trapped the two sabers between his thumb and forefinger.
Rong Er and Rong San were still in a daze. They could not think of anything that could block their sabers. And Rong Da who was observing by the side had his eyeballs popping out.
If it were a Chaotic Origin Expert who could block the two sabers with his bare hands, Rong Da might believe it.
But this brat was clearly the same as them. He came here to undergo Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. How could he do that?
Before Rong Er and Rong San could react, Luo Zheng's Mighty God Totem suddenly erupted with the strength of more than 1,000 Divine Juns.
His two hands suddenly twisted, producing two huge shearing forces.
"Peng peng!"
Following two crisp sounds, the sabers were broken by Luo Zheng. At the same time, Luo Zheng grabbed the broken saber and took a step forward before slashing it down.
"Sou! Sou! "
The broken saber formed two azure saber lights in the air. The sharp saber lights formed the necks of two Sea Dragons. The two Sea Dragons stood there in a daze. Very soon, their heads rolled down from their necks.
'This black fog is a hindrance. My speed has been greatly reduced …'
Luo Zheng thought as he threw the two broken sabers on the ground. He then turned around and stared at Rong Da indifferently. At the same time, he said with a calm voice: "I am not a bloodthirsty person. You would have been fine if you had handed over the Chaotic Origin Spirit. It's a pity that your eyesight is poor and greedy. You can only blame yourselves for this."
Saying that, Luo Zheng's strength suddenly erupted from his feet.
Even though the black fog had obstructed Luo Zheng's advance, his speed was not slow at all.
Rong Da was filled with regret …
The Sea Dragon Race had arrived very early. They had seen everything that happened at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
This brat was someone that even existences like Fuxi paid attention to. Even that monstrous human youth was born in his inner world. Why would he be afraid of three mere Sea Dragons?
But now, it was too late for regrets …
Rong Da did not hesitate. He turned around and fled.
Every once in a while, a hurricane would blow within the Chaotic Origin Great World.
The strength of this hurricane was not something that could be resisted by cultivators with their cultivation. As long as that hurricane blew, who knew where it would end up? This human brat would not be able to do anything to him.
Even though the speed of the two within the black fog was not fast, Luo Zheng was clearly faster than Rong Da.
In a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng was only a few chi away from Rong Da. At the same time, he flew up and sent a punch towards Rong Da's back.
"Dragon Scales Protection!"
The Sea Dragon Bloodline within Rong Da's body was stimulated. Those dragon scales formed beehive-like patterns on the edges. All the dragon scales became extremely stable.
"Dong!"
This punch landed on Rong Da's back, causing a muffled sound.
Rong Da staggered a few steps. He actually borrowed the strength of Luo Zheng's punch to run away.
'The fleshy bodies of these outsiders are indeed incomparable to humans. If an ordinary human were to receive this punch, he would be heavily injured even if he did not die …'
Luo Zheng exclaimed. Rong Da was complaining in his heart.
The remaining strength of Luo Zheng's punch reverberated in his body, causing him to almost vomit out his internal organs. If he were to receive another two punches, he would definitely die!
Seeing Luo Zheng closing in on him, Rong Da gritted his teeth. He tore off his spatial ring and threw it in the opposite direction.
Even though the black fog was dense and had many layers of resistance, Rong Da still managed to throw it more than 30 meters away.

Chapter 3021
The reason why he was excited.
Luo Zheng was not too interested in hunting down the Sea Dragon Clansmen. His target was the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
If the Sea Dragon Clansmen obediently handed over the Chaotic Origin Spirit to him, Luo Zheng would not kill them.
Just as he was rushing towards that Sumeru Ring, the black fog above him stirred once again.
"Hu!"
That intense hurricane came rushing over once again!
When Luo Zheng felt this gust of wind, his expression changed.
If this hurricane were to blow, who knew how far he would be sent away. It would be hard for him to find that ring again.
His eyebrows rose as he charged towards that ring.
The Sumeru Ring was much lighter than Luo Zheng. Along with the hurricane, the ring flew into the sky.
The moment Luo Zheng landed on the ground, he leaped up. Along with the hurricane, he similarly leaped into the sky and chased after the Sumeru Ring.
"Sou!"
His right hand moved like lightning, grabbing the Sumeru Ring in his hand.
'That was close …'
Only then did Luo Zheng feel slightly more at ease.
Even though he knew that this was not the only Chaotic Origin Spirit he wanted to capture, he had to understand this thing in the shortest time possible.
Along with the hurricane, he was sent several tens of thousands of kilometers away …
…
…
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, many living beings from the great clans were still entering.
At the moment Ling Shuang entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, she encountered this hurricane that she could not resist. She was swept several dozen meters into the air and was forced to move forward amidst the black fog.
Without using her Paramita Energy, she could not move at all.
In her panic, Ling Shuang also checked on Luo Zheng's soul imprint. She discovered that Luo Zheng was the same as her. He was moving at high speed towards the direction of the hurricane.
She soon deduced that Luo Zheng was the same as her. He should not be able to control himself.
But why would there be such a huge gust of wind in the Chaotic Origin Great World?
There were no records of this in the scriptures of this world …
But now was not the time to consider this matter. She had to find Luo Zheng first.
…
Feng Ge, who had entered before Luo Zheng, was now extremely depressed.
She originally wanted to wait for Luo Zheng in the Chaotic Origin Great World. But after being blown away by the hurricane, she was dumbfounded.
Moreover, Feng Ge was very unlucky. After the hurricane subsided, he encountered several Jinwu people. Two of them were Jinwu Banshees from the Hive!
With Phoenix's endorsement, of course, Jinwu regarded Feng Ge as a traitor.
Last time, when they had come out of the Middle Dark Zone, Phoenix had shown her face in front of You Xiong and the Divine Farmer Clan.
On one hand, these Jinwu clans were very confused. On the other hand, they also saw Feng Ge as a target to get rid of. They had just entered and encountered him. How could these Jinwu clans let Phoenix go?
As long as he took her life, the clan would definitely give him preferential treatment.
These two Banshees and the other three Jinwu people were the top powerhouses of the Jinwu younger generation.
With Feng Ge's strength, she could protect herself in a one-on-two fight. But in a one-on-five fight, she could only run for her life!
The only good news was that Feng Ge had mastered the Golden Crow Divine Fire. Her Golden Crow Divine Fire was purer than those who were chasing after her. The Golden Crow Divine Fire could not hurt her.
Even so, there were a few deep claw marks on her back and arms as she fled.
Just as Feng Ge was about to be surrounded by them, the hurricane blew up again, helping Feng Ge out of the predicament. Everyone was blown away and disappeared.
She tried to check Luo Zheng's Soul Imprint and found that Luo Zheng was further away from her. How could she be happy?
…
"Number 45,044 …" The Nuwa Clan woman in front of the stone door shouted.
Among the You Xiong Clan, an eight-foot-tall man stepped forward.
This person was called Ji Zong.
In the You Xiong Clan, the Ji Clan was at the top of the pyramid. Naturally, Ji Zong was a direct descendant of the Ji Clan.
When he passed by the center of this empty land, he suddenly heard a weird laughter coming from the side.
Ji Zong turned over and discovered that this laughter came from that insufferably arrogant "Soul Devouring Devil".
Ji Zong coldly glanced at this Soul Devouring Devil. His eyes revealed a strand of disdain.
Arrogant people did not live long. If this person did not act, he might be able to cultivate to the Chaotic Origin Realm easily. But this time, he dared to reveal his identity the moment he appeared.
The other great clans would most likely kill him, and this Soul Devouring Devil would not be able to walk out of the Chaotic Origin Great World alive.
"What are you laughing at?" Ji Zong coldly asked.
Evil Deities lifted up a petal and flipped it open. Behind this petal was the number 45,045. It was just one behind Ji Zong.
Seeing that number, Ji Zong's expression changed slightly. He did not know what this fella was trying to do …
But this crazy fella was capable of doing anything.
Ji Zong's heart tightened slightly. He no longer cared about this person and walked towards the stone door.
Not just Ji Zong, even those leaders from the You Xiong Clan had sunk. In this expedition to the Chaotic Origin Great World, they had prioritized the safety of this disciple surnamed Ji. Especially since Ji Zong had a relatively high status amongst the direct descendants. Now that he was targeted by this "Soul Devouring Devil", it was not a good sign.
After Ji Zong entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Nuwa Clan girl reported the next number.
Evil Deities stood up and entered the stone door unhurriedly.
Ji Zong was not truly afraid of the Heretic God. The Sun Soul of the Heretic God was indeed very powerful. But this time, Ji Zong had brought along several protective treasures into the Chaotic Origin Great World. Among them, there was even a soul-type secret treasure which was sufficient to protect his Sun Soul.
In terms of Paramita Talismans, Ji Zong was not weak either.
But Ji Zong's goal was to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm as soon as possible. He was not willing to be targeted by a madman during this process.
Hence, after entering the stone door, he did not hesitate at all. He chose a direction and flew off.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was filled with black fog. Ji Zong's speed was destined to be slower. Just as he walked for a distance, he turned back and saw Evil Deities appearing at the entrance.
'Is this fellow following me?' Ji Zong thought for a long time.
He did not have any enmity with Evil Deities. He should not spend so much effort to find him.
But Ji Zong was wrong.
In this world, there was a type of person who took pleasure in killing others.
After staying in the Black Mountain Sect for a period, Evil Deities had gotten sick of killing others.
Just like in the later stages of Luo Zheng's inner world, Evil Deities rarely killed people. The reason was that the experts in the inner world were not worth his time. He did not even have the desire to spar with them.
Furthermore, if he killed too many people, he would be punished by Luo Zheng.
On the Black Ship, Shen Tu told Evil Deities not to lower his guard. Those who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World were almost all the most outstanding beings of the same generation in the Origin World.
When he heard this, Evil Deities did not feel pressured. Instead, he felt excited.
To Evil Deities, this was a feast of slaughter.
Hence, the moment he appeared, he started spouting nonsense. He even revealed the secret of being a Soul Devouring Devil.

Chapter 3022
Evil Deities had just entered the stone door when his figure froze slightly. He could feel the weight of that black fog.
The Heretic God's shoulders only trembled slightly when the weight pressed down on him, but he had already adapted to it.
Even though the black fog covered the light, Evil Deities merely swept his gaze across and saw Ji Zong who was running not too far away.
"Heh …"
The Evil God let out a cold snort from his nose. He leaped up lightly like a black roc and headed straight for Ji Zong.
Ji Zong was originally on guard against Evil Deities. He was moving forward while looking behind him.
But when he saw Evil Deities entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, his expression changed.
Even though Ji Zong felt that he might not lose against Evil Deities, he had no intention of provoking Evil Deities.
Who would be willing to be bitten by a madman?
"Heavenly Toad Steps!"
Ji Zong retracted his thoughts and stepped out.
His steps contained a unique law. Even though the black fog had a strong hindrance, he was still able to move forward at high speed.
"Trying to escape?"
The eyes of Evil Deities flashed with a cold light. He followed behind Ji Zong and increased his speed greatly. He was actually 30% faster than Ji Zong.
The distance of several tens of meters was closing at a visible speed …
When Ji Zong saw this, he panicked.
'How could he be so fast!'
Logically speaking, the black fog should similarly affect Evil Deities. Furthermore, Evil Deities had yet to enter the higher Heavens. Thus, his strength should not be that strong. What exactly did this fella rely on?
When Ji Zong discovered that he could not escape from Evil Deities, he revealed a resolute expression. He abruptly stopped.
With a wave of his hands, two sabers were drawn from his waist. At the same time, he threatened: "I have no enmity with your distinguished self. Why is your distinguished self chasing after me?"
The figure of Evil Deities paused slightly. Excitement could be seen in his eyes as he laughed sinisterly, "Why ask when you already know the answer!"
Ji Zong's face sank. A cold light flashed on the curved sabers, and a faint snake shadow appeared on the surface of the sabers. This snake shadow constantly swam between the two curved sabers.
This was a Third Grade Nirvana Treasure. Fused into the blade was a High Grade Nirvana Token from the Thirteenth Heaven, the Serpent Dragon Soul!
"Then do you wish to give me some pointers?" Ji Zong countered with a question, his tone laced with a threatening intent.
"Teach? Heh heh heh … "Evil Deities chuckled. He raised his right hand and said," It's more like death! "
As soon as his voice fell, he threw out five diamond-shaped fragments from his palm.
These rhombus-shaped fragments were formed from Dao Fusion energy. When they broke through the black fog, they were constantly annihilated, and the dust within the black fog emitted bits of white light.
"What kind of power is this …"
Ji Zong's pupils constricted slightly. His expression was solemn as he suddenly slashed with his two curved blades.
"Heaven and Earth Dual Slash!"
"Whoosh —"
The two blade gleams turned into a cross. There was a snake shadow hidden in the blade gleams, and it attacked the rhombus-shaped fragments.
Ji Zong was not the strongest person among the younger generation of You Xiong. However, among the hundreds of people in You Xiong, his strength was enough to be ranked in the top five. Facing Evil Deities, he used this pair of Nirvana Treasures in his first move. It could be said that he did not take Evil Deities seriously.
The Heaven and Earth Dual Slash seemed ordinary, but the Serpent Dragon Soul was attached to it, and it could almost devour all the energy in the world.
Even if it was the Nirvana Power, it could also devour most of it!
However, the moment the cross blade gleams touched the rhombus-shaped fragments, a shocking destructive force exploded from the rhombus-shaped fragments. The dazzling white light penetrated the black fog barrier, and for a moment, Ji Zong's eyes could not see anything!
Ji Zong did not panic at all. He closed his eyes tightly, and his consciousness instantly spread out in all directions.
However, the moment he released his consciousness, a powerful soul pressure attacked him!
Consciousness was the tentacles extended out by the soul. These tentacles were very thin and could extend to an extremely far distance. They could also spread out rapidly. However, their weakness was that they were extremely fragile.
The moment that soul pressure was released, Ji Zong's consciousness had been destroyed. Under the situation where he could not capture the figure of Evil Deities, Ji Zong finally panicked.
And Evil Deities took this opportunity to get close to Ji Zong's back. With a slight spread of its palm, a rhombus-shaped fragment blasted towards the back of Ji Zong's head.
…
During the battle between Evil Deities and Ji Zong, there were two people standing 300 meters away from them.
One of them was a tall and sturdy young man. On the shoulder of this young man sat a curly-haired girl.
The curly-haired girl was called Mu Mu. She was a proud daughter of the Divine Farmer Clan. This time, she was placed with high hopes in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
As for the tall and sturdy young man, his origin was rather secretive. Even within the Divine Farmer Clan, only a few people knew of his true identity. His name was only one word, 'Mountain'.
However, Mu Mu preferred to call him 'Little Uncle'.
"Little Uncle, are you really not going to help?" Mu Mu opened her red lips slightly.
Her curly hair covered her appearance. But it was not hard to imagine that under this curly hair was a pair of devastatingly beautiful eyes.
No matter what, the Divine Farmer Clan and the You Xiong Clan were like brothers. Before they set off, the leader of the Divine Farmer Clan had instructed them to support each other in the Chaotic Origin Great World along with the Golden Crow and You Xiong Clans.
Ji Zong was also an important disciple of the You Xiong Clan. Logically speaking, they should help him.
"Since Ji Zong won't die, why don't you let us observe?" Mountain said calmly.
Even though the Soul Absorbing Devil was famous, the two of them did not seem to be afraid of him.
Experts were all proud and aloof. Those who could stand at the top of a superpower were all people of destiny. They did not think that they were inferior to Evil Deities.
"The energy in the hands of that black-robed young man seems to be Dao Fusion Energy. Furthermore, he has fused a lot of Divine Dao Energy …" Mu Mu twirled her hair with one finger, "To be able to fuse Divine Dao to such an extent, this fellow is really not simple …"
"It's just fusing Divine Dao. What's so great about that?" Mountain gently raised his hand. A strand of multi-colored light blossomed from his fingertip. He had fused at least 2,000 types of Divine Dao!
When Mu Mu saw the beautiful luster of the Dao Fusion Energy, the corner of her lips curled up slightly, "Little Uncle is really omniscient and omnipotent …"
"Fusing Dao isn't as difficult as you think. With sufficient time and leisure, you can do it too. The difficult part is to stimulate its power. This black-robed young man has learned this technique from an unknown place. He has stacked more than 100 layers of Dao Fusion Energy. Its power is so great that it can fight against the Paramita Token." Mountain's voice turned solemn as he said this.
Under the observation of the two, Evil Deities pierced a rhombus-shaped fragment into the back of Ji Zong's head.
Originally, Evil Deities thought that Ji Zong would die without a doubt. But at this moment, a brown sphere appeared above Ji Zong's head. The moment the brown sphere cracked open, a layer of transparent enamel gushed out from the surface of Ji Zong's body.
This enamel was extremely tough. It directly wrapped Ji Zong's entire body tightly. At a glance, Ji Zong looked like an exquisite porcelain.

Chapter 3023
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Amber-colored crystal
In the Black Mountain Sect, there were also some extremely powerful clans.
However, the creatures who entered the Black Mountain Sect were basically all extremely evil.
They had no background or the protection of powerhouses, so they could only rely on their own strength to fight their way out.
The living climbed up, while the dead slept underground.
Evil Deities had seen the Hermit's Divine Powers before.
However, those villains in the Black Mountain Sect couldn't have such a high-level thing.
Evil Deities tried to destroy the layer of enamel that wrapped Ji Zong. After several bombardments with the Taoist Energy, they still couldn't destroy it.
However, Evil Deities still didn't plan to give up. Just as he was about to take out the Nirvana Realm Token, a burst of crisp laughter suddenly came from the side.
Evil Deities turned around and found two humans from the Divine Farmer Clan.
These two people had been standing more than 300 meters away from Evil Deities, but Evil Deities didn't notice them. This made Evil Deities a little vigilant.
"What are you laughing at?" Evil Deities stared at Mumu and narrowed his eyes.
Mumu's actions were obviously provocative. Evil Deities could attack at any time.
The "mountain" who was carrying Mumu's body was accumulating power in his body. Although he and Mumu looked relaxed, they wouldn't really ignore this black-clothed young man. All powerhouses had one thing in common: they were confident but not conceited.
Mumu stretched out his fingers, which were holding his hair, and raised them in the air. He pointed at the black fog and said, "You have no chance to kill him. That is the Heavenly Glaze Protection, a Hermit's Divine Powers made by the Nirvana Realm Token of the 31st Heaven … You can't break it!"
"Really?" Evil Deities curled up the corners of his mouth. He didn't believe Mumu's words at all.
Since he couldn't break the Heavenly Glaze Protection, he gave up for the time being. The two people in front of him didn't run away when they saw him, which aroused the interest of Evil Deities. It would be better to kill them.
As he responded, he walked toward the two people.
Mumu shook his head and said, "You don't have time to fight with us …"
"Why?" Evil Deities was also accumulating power as he walked.
"Because … the wind is coming," Mumu said with a smile.
Evil Deities revealed a trace of doubt in his eyes. At this moment, the black fog in the entire Chaotic Origin Great World started surging once again. A huge force was exerted on the body of Evil Deities, bringing him up into the sky.
Of course, not only the Evil Deities, but also Mumu, the "Mountain", and Ji Zong, who was sealed in enamel, were swept up into the air …
The hurricanes in the Chaotic Origin Great World revolved around the huge egg. Every time a hurricane came, it would send the living beings within several tens of thousands of kilometers away.
The Evil Deities tried to resist the hurricane and drifted toward Mumu. However, under the force of thousands of Shenjun, they couldn't resist at all.
In the end, he landed at a place 70,000 kilometers away from the entrance.
In front of the Evil Deities was a small mountain that was hundreds of meters high. Some clansmen and disciples of large clans were hiding in the cracks of the small mountain.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit would usually hide within the rocks. Hence, there must be a Chaotic Origin Spirit within this mountain.
These clansmen were trying to shatter the rocks within the small mountain. Even though this process was difficult, they still managed to gain something.
When the hurricane came, they would drill into the cracks of the small mountain. These cracks were sufficient for them to avoid the hurricane.
Once the hurricane stopped, they would drill out from the cracks and continue working.
These clans did not have any enmity with each other. They were not peak existences either. Hence, they were able to coexist peacefully together.
But now, the hurricane had sent the Evil Deities over. When the clansmen saw this person, they felt their hearts tightening …
…
…
After the hurricane stopped, Luo Zheng landed in a mountain valley.
Perhaps it was because the hurricane never stopped, the mountains within the Chaotic Origin Great World were all barren.
After entering the mountain valley, Luo Zheng opened the spatial ring of the Sea Dragon clansman.
After forcefully erasing the soul imprint within the spatial ring, he began rummaging through it.
He ignored the messy items of the Sea Dragon clansman. Soon, he found the Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within.
At the moment when Luo Zheng took out the Chaotic Origin Spirit from the spatial ring, the hair on the surface of the Chaotic Origin Spirit stood up. It actually bit towards Luo Zheng.
With a flip of his hand, Luo Zheng pressed it onto the ground.
'This little thing is quite ferocious …'
"Wu …"
The Chaotic Origin Spirit that was pressed onto the ground by Luo Zheng let out an aggrieved cry. Its pair of black eyes looked at Luo Zheng pitifully.
Seeing that pitiful look, Luo Zheng's hand stiffened. He suddenly realized a problem.
How should he absorb this Chaotic Origin Spirit?
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was a unique lifeform. They were originally Nirvana Lifeforms. But would the offspring of two Nirvana Lifeforms still be considered Nirvana Lifeforms?
Did swallowing the Chaotic Origin Spirit mean eating it?
Seeing Luo Zheng in a dilemma, 9527 could not help but remind him, "Even though this little thing is known as the Chaotic Origin Spirit, it is in reality the carrier of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. There is no need to kill it. Just throw it into your inner world and I'll teach you!"
The crudest method was to kill this little thing. After cutting open its stomach, the Chaotic Origin Spirit would naturally appear.
Many people would use this barbaric method. In reality, there was a more elegant method.
Hence, Luo Zheng grabbed onto this little thing and placed it into his Dantian before throwing it into his inner world. According to the method instructed by 9527, Luo Zheng began extracting the Chaotic Origin Spirit from its body.
Not long later, an amber-colored crystal was forced out from its body.
"This is the Chaotic Origin Spirit?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Mn." 9527 nodded.
"If I were to raise this little fellow in my inner world, wouldn't it give birth to another Chaotic Origin Spirit after a period of time?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"You must be dreaming …"
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit entered the body of this little thing, its brown fur turned grayish-white. Its pair of black eyes were still bright and full of spirit. Obtaining that Chaotic Origin Spirit did not harm it at all.
There were 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits in the entire Chaotic Origin Great World. After snatching the Chaotic Origin Spirit from this little thing, it would turn into an ordinary living being. It would gradually age and die. It would no longer give birth to a new Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Since that was the case, Luo Zheng threw this little thing into his inner world. After all, Luo Zheng had obtained the Chaotic Origin Spirit from it. Naturally, he would give it a stable home.
After retrieving the Chaotic Origin Spirit from his inner world, Luo Zheng examined it for a moment before keeping it in his Sumeru Ring.
Now was not the time to reconstruct his Chaotic Origin. He had to make use of his time to search for more Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Beneath his feet was a col. According to the habits of those little things, it was highly possible for Chaotic Origin Spirits to be hidden beneath.

Chapter 3024
Previously, Luo Zheng only managed to find a single Chaotic Origin Spirit after smashing 20 to 30 rocks.
There were more than a thousand rocks piled up in this mountain valley. Luo Zheng smashed them one by one, almost flattening the entire place.
Yet he did not find a single Chaotic Origin Spirit …
Looking at the shattered stones on the ground, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness.
200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits were scattered across a region of several million kilometers. Furthermore, most of them lived in groups. It was not easy to find a single Chaotic Origin Spirit.
But Luo Zheng was not discouraged. The Chaotic Origin Great World would open for a month. He still had sufficient time.
Currently, it was hard for him to find a Chaotic Origin Spirit. It was the same for the others.
After stopping, Luo Zheng once again checked his soul imprint.
After several hurricanes, everyone was getting further and further apart.
The distance between him and Feng Ge did not decrease. Instead, it was getting further and further apart. It was the same for Ling Shuang.
Instead, it was the six Nine Li clansmen who were closer to him. Huo Ze and the other three Nine Li clansmen were gathered together. And Lan Qing was actually several dozen kilometers to his left.
"Yi?"
Luo Zheng felt puzzled.
Lan Qing had left a soul imprint on him. If she discovered his existence, she would definitely move closer to him.
But now, Lan Qing was actually staying at her original location without moving …
That hurricane would blow once every incense worth of time. Not long after, it would most likely blow again. Who knew where he would be blown to?
Hence, he made use of the time to move towards the left, towards the direction where Lan Qing was. Not long later, a flat mountain range appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
Clearly, this mountain range had been destroyed before. Many rocks at the lowest layer had been smashed.
'There's still 1.5 kilometers left …'
Luo Zheng confirmed Lan Qing's position once again. His figure suddenly leaped and rapidly moved through the mountain range.
When he arrived at Lan Qing's location, he discovered that there was no one at the top of the mountain range …
Luo Zheng looked around with suspicion. The soul imprint would not lie. But he truly did not see Lan Qing.
'Could she be below?'
The only possibility was that Lan Qing was within the mountain range. There must be an entrance around here.
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, the black fog above his head started moving again.
After experiencing several hurricanes, Luo Zheng also had experience.
As long as the black fog began to surge, a hurricane would blow up within a few breaths.
"Oh no …"
Luo Zheng was having a hard time fighting against this hurricane. When the wind picked up, he would probably be blown away again.
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from not far away. "Brother Luo Zheng! Over here! Come in quickly! "
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the sound and saw Lan Qing waving her pure white arm towards him from a crack in the rock.
The stone crevice was folded into a layer, so it was hard to detect without using divine sense.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. His feet bounced up from the ground, turning into a sharp arrow and shooting towards the crevice where Lan Qing was.
"Phew …"
Just as he rushed over, a hurricane began to blow.
"Brother Luo Zheng, hurry …"
Before Lan Qing could finish her words, she was hit by the hurricane and was blown into the depths of the crevice.
Luo Zheng also felt an irresistible force being exerted on his body. He felt like he was about to be thrown into the sky by the hurricane.
"Thousand Catty Drop!"
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and lowered his body. At the same time, he turned over and kicked a huge rock next to him.
This kick burst out with the strength of a thousand catty, and the huge rock instantly shattered into pieces.
Under the huge recoil, Luo Zheng also moved forward a distance. His hands finally clasped the edge of the crevice. With a sudden force of his arms, his whole body directly flipped into the crevice.
The hurricane behind him blasted Luo Zheng's back and directly pushed him into the crevice.
The crevice was connected to a dark cave. Luo Zheng's body rolled down the cave and slammed into the cave wall!
With Luo Zheng's body, he could naturally withstand this impact. His body was intact, but there were some cracks on the cave wall.
Just now, Lan Qing was also blown down the cave by the hurricane. Her fate was the same as Luo Zheng's. Her whole body slammed into the cave wall and directly fainted, lying on the ground motionless.
After Luo Zheng slid down from the cave wall, he pulled Lan Qing up. He extended two fingers and placed them on her forehead to sense her condition. Only then did he relax slightly.
"Fortunately … I have only fainted because of the huge impact." Luo Zheng said while releasing a gentle soul energy.
Not long later, Lan Qing slowly woke up. She immediately asked: "Big Brother Luo Zheng, are you alright?"
"You should be worried about yourself." Luo Zheng chuckled.
"I, I am fine!" Lan Qing crawled up from the ground and moved her body.
Lan Qing had the Chi You bloodline. Hence, even though the fleshy body of the Nine Li Clan members could not compare with those savage beasts of other clans, it was still considered the most outstanding among the humans.
"Why are you in the cave?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lan Qing blinked her eyes and said: "I was searching for the Chaotic Origin Spirit with them. Just when I discovered Big Brother Luo Zheng's soul imprint approaching, I came up. Who would have thought that the wind would blow at this moment …"
If Lan Qing had not reminded Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would have been blown thousands of kilometers away by the wind.
"There are Chaotic Origin Spirits in the cave?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, "And who are they?"
"Not only are there Chaotic Origin Spirits, there are also many other ferocious beings! Big Brother Luo Zheng, just follow me down! "Lan Qing said.
Lan Qing led the way at the front. Following the rugged path of the cave, they walked for a while before making a turn. Only then did they discover that there was another world beneath the mountain. It was actually a huge natural cave.
At the center of the cave, there was a thick stone pillar. This stone pillar was filled with many small holes. Within these small holes, there were many pairs of fiery red eyes flashing.
The moment they entered this cave, a person came rushing over, shouting: "Brother Luo Zheng is here!"
"Brother Chou Xi." Luo Zheng nodded with a smile.
Chou Xi's status and strength in the Heaven Palace was not any weaker than Mo Yijian.
Furthermore, this person was quick-witted and flexible. He had left a deep impression on Luo Zheng in the Paramita Realm.
Other than Chou Xi, there was another outsider, two werewolves from the Celestial Wolf Clan, three Moon Spirits, and others.
If the members of the super organizations were to stay together, they would be like fire and water. They would have long fought against each other. Yet these members of the smaller clans were able to coexist peacefully with one another.
When Chou Xi saw Luo Zheng, he revealed a joyous expression, "Brother Luo Zheng has come at the right time. This stone pillar is too dangerous. We can't do anything about it. I wonder if Brother Luo Zheng is able to break apart that stone pillar?"
Luo Zheng naturally knew that these people must have some ulterior motive for staying in the cave.
After examining that stone pillar, he asked: "Is there a Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within this stone pillar?"
"Yes, and there are quite a few of them." Chou Xi answered with certainty, "But other than the Chaotic Origin Spirit, there is another type of ferocious being that is very troublesome to deal with."
Saying that, a fishing rod appeared in Chou Xi's hand. He abruptly tossed it out, causing the baited hook to fly towards the stone pillar.

Chapter 3025
Vicious Ants
When that hook with the bait flew to the stone pillar, General Chou Xue lightly shook his hand.
Several red lights flashed from those small holes on the stone pillar. Seven to eight figures abruptly darted out and took away the bait before withdrawing back into the stone pillar at lightning speed.
Even though the movements of those vicious beasts were fast, Luo Zheng could still see them clearly.
"Ants?" Luo Zheng revealed a look of shock.
Those ants were as long as half an arm. They had a pair of antennae that were flashing with a fiery-red light. And on the head of those ants, there was a pair of huge jaws that were flashing with a multi-colored luster. Clearly, they were highly toxic.
Chou Xue frowned and nodded. At the same time, he said: "These should be a type of vicious ants unique to the Chaotic Origin Great World. The poison of these vicious ants is too powerful. We can't get close to them."
Saying that, Chou Xue pointed to a place not far away.
Luo Zheng looked over at the direction Chou Xue pointed to. A Celestial Wolf Race member was lying on the ground stiffly. His body was covered in bruises. Clearly, he had been poisoned to death.
He turned to look at the stone pillar before saying: "If these vicious ants don't leave their nest, could it be that they can't be shaken with the Paramita Token?"
"Big Brother Luo Zheng, Lan Qing's Paramita Token is a descending type. Take a look …"
Saying that, Lan Qing raised her hands. A round little ball appeared in her hands. The surface of this little ball contained a rainbow-like luster. It gave off a heavy feeling in her hands.
This Paramita Token was a unique stone in the 13 Levels Heaven called the Rainbow Stone. It contained a frightening amount of Paramita Energy. If thrown out, it could move according to one's will and hit the target 100% of the time.
Following that, Lan Qing grabbed the Rainbow Stone and threw it towards the stone pillar.
"Hu!"
The Rainbow Stone created a circular ripple in midair. Its wild strength caused many circular ripples to form in space. Following that, it smashed heavily against the stone pillar.
This smash contained a force of more than a thousand Divine Catties!
Even Chou Xue and the others could not receive it head-on. Even a mountain would crumble under the weight of this stone.
Lan Qing might look delicate, but her strength could not be underestimated.
"Dong!"
Following a muffled sound, the stone pillar merely trembled slightly. It was not damaged at all.
It was impossible for the stone pillar itself to be so tough. The only possibility was that there was a Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within it.
The Rainbow Stone disappeared and reappeared in Lan Qing's hand.
"Lan Qing and that Celestial Wolf Race clansman have descended into the Paramita Talismans. They are not afraid of the poison of those vicious ants. But even after the two of them took turns attacking, this stone pillar remained unmoved. There should be quite a number of Chaotic Origin Spirits hidden within the stone pillar." Chou Xue said.
The specialty of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was its ability to absorb energy!
In the past, it was precisely because of this characteristic that many experts in the Mother World were able to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin, allowing their fleshy bodies to rise to a new level.
But it was precisely because of this characteristic that made it hard for the Chaotic Origin Spirits to capture them.
It was still fine if it was just a single Chaotic Origin Spirit. As long as the Chaotic Origin Spirit was attacked a few more times, the Chaotic Origin Spirit would fall into a fatigued state. By then, the Chaotic Origin Spirit would naturally be broken apart. Luo Zheng had done so previously.
But with so many Chaotic Origin Spirits hiding together, they could withstand more energy. Naturally, it was hard for them to fall into a fatigued state. Hence, it was hard for this ordinary stone pillar to break apart.
The most troublesome part was that those vicious ants were still residing within the stone pillar. Others could not get close to it at all.
Even someone as intelligent as Chou Xue could not do anything about it after experimenting many times.
"Does Brother Luo Zheng have any ideas?" Chou Xue asked.
Luo Zheng examined for a moment before saying: "If there are many Chaotic Origin Spirits hidden within this stone pillar, it is unlikely for one or two people to move it?"
"Naturally." Chou Xue nodded.
"Then let's get rid of those vicious ants first." Luo Zheng chuckled.
Actually, Luo Zheng had another simple and crude method. That was to use that chessboard to summon the Green Jade Beasts. These Green Jade Beasts should not be afraid of the poison of these vicious ants. But on one hand, it was too wasteful of God Crystals. On the other hand, Luo Zheng did not intend to use the Civilization Tool too early.
"What you said is too simple. These vicious ants are very strong." A wolfman from the Celestial Wolf Race said. His brother had died from poison. Naturally, he was wary of the vicious ants.
The vicious beasts in the Mother World were usually not that strong, especially those vicious beasts that had yet to develop intelligence. Because their intelligence was not high, they were destined to not be able to cultivate the True Meaning of Dao. They could not bear the Nirvana Keepsake. The strength they possessed was not on the same level as Nirvana Realm experts.
Hearing the evaluation of this Celestial Wolf Race member, Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression. He said: "Then I'll give it a try."
He was not afraid of poison. Hence, he could deal with these vicious ants.
Saying that, his figure flashed. He had already arrived in front of that stone pillar.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you have to be careful!"
Chou Xue naturally understood how extraordinary Luo Zheng was.
Even though Chou Xue did not know that Luo Zheng was that 'Tian Hang' from the Dark Domain, the series of 'treatments' he received at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World was sufficient to prove his strength.
After all, judging from their auras, the two of them were quite similar. But whether they were the same person or not was no longer important.
Lan Qing's little face was also filled with nervousness.
At the same time when Luo Zheng approached the stone pillar, Luo Zheng felt the stone pillar trembling slightly. It seemed like some sort of energy was being released. But this energy was fleeting. This made Luo Zheng feel strange.
Following that, those little holes on the stone pillar started flashing with red light.
"Sou sou sou sou sou sou …"
Dozens of ferocious ants rushed out of the stone pillar nests, flapping their wings and pouncing towards Luo Zheng.
Even though Chou Xue and Lan Qing were more than a hundred meters away, they still retreated when they saw the sky filled with vicious ants.
If these vicious ants chased after them, they would not hesitate to escape from this cave.
"What a fast speed!"
All the vicious ants turned into black lines as they revolved around Luo Zheng. Their flying speed had clearly exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations.
"Sou!"
After circling a few times, the vicious ants opened their jaws and charged towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's footsteps shifted slightly. His body became light as a feather. With a very small twist, he avoided the attack of the vicious ants without any blind spots.
At the same time, he grabbed the abdomen of a vicious ant and pressed it to the ground.
But this vicious ant twisted its body at an incredible angle and pierced Luo Zheng's arm with its jaws!
"Puff, puff!"
The jaws pierced Luo Zheng's skin from the left and right!
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
He had underestimated the strength of these vicious ants. He did not use the Stone Sealing Solution to protect his body. This vicious ant had actually pierced through his skin.
It was no wonder that even someone as strong as Chou Xue was helpless against these vicious ants.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
Seeing this scene, Chou Xue was also shocked. He secretly praised Luo Zheng's recklessness.

Chapter 3026
With the ability of a Nirvana Realm master, even if he was poisoned, he could still survive by cutting off his arm.
However, the poison of these ants could end all life in the blink of an eye!
Just now, the Sirius tribesman was bitten by the ants and died instantly. There was no time to save him.
Therefore, Chou Xinghe and the others did not dare to step forward. They thought that Luo Zheng could not be saved.
However, under everyone's gazes, Luo Zheng gently and skillfully pulled out the fierce ant's large mandibles from his arms. He stretched out his hand and suddenly squeezed.
This ferocious ant's carapace was strong enough to withstand the pressure of 300 Shen Jun, yet Luo Zheng failed to crush it!
"Heh …"
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly and exploded with the strength of 500 Shen Jun.
"Crack!"
This fierce ant was finally crushed by Luo Zheng.
Seeing their companion crushed by Luo Zheng, the surrounding fierce ants became even more frenzied and flew toward Luo Zheng at an extremely high speed.
Chou Xinghe, Lan Qing, and the other mutated humans kept staring at Luo Zheng.
Some mutated humans were even counting down in their hearts, calculating how long Luo Zheng could last before he fell to the ground.
However, Luo Zheng did not look like he was poisoned at all.
His figure was still as graceful as usual, shuttling through the siege of the fierce ants with ease.
Seizing a chance, Luo Zheng did not hesitate to stretch out his hands, grab a fierce ant, and crush it directly …
"He, he's really poisoned?"
"Did we see wrongly just now?"
"There seems to be no reaction at all …"
These mutated humans stared at Luo Zheng with an inexplicable expression, as if they wanted to see through Luo Zheng's body.
"Maybe we saw wrongly?" Chou Xinghe smiled bitterly.
"What about now?" Lan Qing pointed at Luo Zheng's back and said.
These ferocious ants circled quickly and densely. Luo Zheng was careless and was successfully ambushed by a ferocious ant. A pair of large jaws that contained highly toxic poison pierced into his back.
However, Luo Zheng still did not have any reaction. He waved his hand and slapped the fierce ant.
Hundreds of godly power slapped down, and the fierce ant was instantly smashed into a ball.
Looking at the lively Luo Zheng, Chou Xue and Lan Qing finally understood that Luo Zheng was not afraid of the poison at all. That was why he dared to charge forward so recklessly.
"He can't be a puppet, right?" One of the Outsiders guessed.
In the Mother World, some top-notch puppet techniques could be created so vividly that it was difficult to distinguish the real from the fake.
These puppets weren't made of flesh and blood, so they weren't afraid of poison.
"Of course, Brother Luo Zheng isn't a puppet," Lan Qing said proudly. "He's gifted. How could a mere ant poison kill him?"
How could a puppet body without a soul enter the Nirvana Realm? How could Brother Luo Zheng be a puppet?
After all, he was the young master of the Nine Li Tribe. If he didn't have this bit of strength, how could he do it?
Looking at the expression on Lan Qing's face, the other demonic humans could not help but twitch their lips. This lass was so worried just a moment ago, and now her tone had changed …
But the eyes of one of the Outsiders standing at the back flashed with a strand of light.
This Outsiders came from the Mountain Tomb Race. He had well-developed limbs and looked like a gorilla.
The Mountain Tomb Race was a small race in the Northern Region of the Mother World. Because they weren't strong enough, they weren't famous in the Mother World. Their ancestor once had a powerful fierce ape called Yong He. He was once one of the strongest experts in the Mother World.
It was a pity that Yong He died too early. Before the Mountain Tomb Race could develop, he had fallen. Hence, the Mountain Tomb Race had been weak all these years. They didn't have any presence at all.
During these years, the You Xiong Clan expanded north along the Seven Flat Continents. Naturally, they expanded into the territory of the Mountain Tomb Race.
A small race like this could not control their own fate. They could either submit to the You Xiong Clan or be exterminated. Just like that, the Mountain Tomb Race became a vassal of the You Xiong Clan.
Being a vassal had its benefits too.
It was extremely difficult for the Mountain Tomb Race to obtain the entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Only one or two people from the Mountain Tomb Race could enter the Chaotic Origin Great World to cultivate every few decades or even centuries.
But this time, when the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, the You Xiong Clan casually gave the Mountain Tomb Race three entrance tickets. Naturally, the Mountain Tomb Race was overjoyed.
If not for the You Xiong Clan, this Mountain Tomb Race member would not even be qualified to stand here …
Not only did he not hate the You Xiong Clan for devouring the territory of the Mountain Tomb Race, he was even filled with gratitude.
As long as he contributed to the You Xiong Clan, he would be rewarded handsomely. And these rewards were something he didn't even dare to imagine in the past. They were indeed a superpower!
Before they set off, the You Xiong Clan had already made a list of names.
You Xiong, Golden Crow, Min Yue, Shennong, and the members of the Mountain Tomb Race and a dozen other small clans had all received it. On the list were the disciples they had to pay attention to.
Of which, Ling Shuang, Ye Shang, Chou Xue, Mo Yijian, and a few others from a few other mountains were ranked second.
Feng Ge was ranked first!
The You Xiong Clan had their Deity Temple destroyed, and they were being suppressed in the Paramita World. They had long been searching for a chance to retaliate.
No matter if that 'Tian Xing' was a disciple of the Heaven Palace or not, he would definitely enter the Chaotic Origin Great World to cultivate in the Colored Realm 13 Heavens. Then it was highly possible that he had disguised himself as a disciple of the Heaven Palace to enter.
Hence, the You Xiong Clan would target these outstanding disciples of the Heaven Palace!
Initially, there was only one name on the first page of this list. That was Feng Ge.
Feng Ge appeared in the Thirteen Heavens as a Paramita lifeform. Actually, he had exposed his identity. Naturally, he was the target of the You Xiong Clan.
But just before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, there was an additional name on the first page of that list. That was Luo Zheng, the lifeform standing in front of the stone pillar.
Taking the opportunity when everyone was shocked by Luo Zheng's ability to be immune to poison, this Mountain Tomb Race member secretly crushed a God Talisman.
The You Xiong Clan had the Xuan Yuan Gouyu to communicate with, but this Mountain Tomb Race member was not qualified to have it.
But when the You Xiong Clan distributed that list, they were well prepared.
There was a God Talisman beside every name. They were of different colors. He crushed the God Talisman corresponding to Luo Zheng.
At the same time when the Mountain Tomb Race member crushed this God Talisman, the soul imprints of the You Xiong Clan, Jinwu Clan, Divine Farmer Clan and Min Yue Clan scattered all over the Chaotic Origin Great World were lightly touched.
At the peak of a huge mountain, a silver-haired young man stabbed his spear into the mountain, fixing himself firmly on the mountain.
Hurricanes were constantly blowing around his body …
Unbelievably, the hurricanes that contained the strength of several thousand God Jun could not blow him away!
Of course, he could not resist such a powerful hurricane. If one were to observe carefully, there were many tiny streams of air flowing around him. It was these streams of air that had almost merged him into the wind.
He allowed the hurricane to forget about him. This was his cultivation method.
Such a powerful hurricane was rare. The silver-haired young man would naturally not miss this opportunity.
At this moment, the silver-haired young man suddenly opened his eyes. He looked into the distance and muttered, "You found that brat called Luo Zheng so quickly? It's a pity he is too far away from me. I'll let you live for a while longer … "

Chapter 3027
Out of the Nest
The hurricane carried the black fog with it, blowing at high speed.
Within the hurricane, there were two Hive Demonesses. They spread their wings and Ao Xiang followed the wind.
They might not be able to go against this powerful hurricane, but they could determine their distance and direction by following the wind.
The Hive Demoness flying in front, Yao Drink's eyes flashed. She said, "Ling Kuang, did you sense it?"
"Mn." The Demoness called Ling Kuang behind her nodded slightly. "If I remember correctly, this soul imprint should have been sent out by a Mountain Tomb Tribesman."
"Ling Kuang's memory is good." Yao Drink laughed. "More importantly, that brat called Luo Zheng is right there."
When she mentioned the name 'Luo Zheng', Yao Drink's tone became colder and more hateful.
Phoenix might not be the strongest in Jinwu, but she was the idol of all the Hive Demonesses.
This brat dared to treat Lady Phoenix in such a way. This was an unforgivable sin.
The You Xiong Clan wanted to kill Luo Zheng, but they would use the elimination method to try and kill 'Tian Xing'. Regardless of whether Luo Zheng was Tian Xing or not, they would still choose to act in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But because of Phoenix, the Jinwu viewed Luo Zheng with hostility.
"Should we go over?" Ling Kuang asked.
"Of course! It's not far from us, and there should be others joining us. "Yao Drink answered." Right now, the hurricane is still ongoing. Many people can't move in the hurricane, but once it stops, there should be many people approaching the soul imprint. They should be hiding behind something or inside a cave with the target! "
After saying that, Yao Drink spread his golden wings. He adjusted the direction of the wind slightly and flew forward. Ling Kuang did the same.
…
Within the cave.
Those Vicious Ants that flew out of the stone pillars were finally killed by Luo Zheng.
But Chou Xue and the others still did not dare to approach.
There were more than a few dozen Vicious Ants in the stone pillars. Before they were completely wiped out, no one was willing to risk their lives.
The Vicious Ants that were originally emitting red light in the holes of the stone pillars had all shrunk back.
"You're not coming out?"
Luo Zheng looked into one of the holes. It was dark inside and he couldn't see anything.
When he used his Divine Sense to investigate, he discovered that there was something obstructing him within the stone pillar …
Since the fierce ants inside didn't dare to come out, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't be polite.
He took a step back, and the power of the Mighty God Totem exploded. His power gathered, and he punched the stone pillar.
Boom!
The energy was completely absorbed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within the stone pillar. The entire stone pillar merely shook slightly before returning to normal. Luo Zheng could not move this stone pillar at all.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was not discouraged.
The stronger this stone pillar was, the more Chaotic Origin Spirits were hidden within.
By the time the stone pillar was broken, his harvest would be even greater.
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Luo Zheng punched the stone pillar again and again. The Paramita Energy he released was getting stronger and stronger.
Chou Xinghe felt the power from Luo Zheng's punches. He was astonished. He was indeed the champion of the Seven Mountains Party. He wondered to what extent had this brat cultivated his Sword Dao?
Even though Luo Zheng's punches were powerful, it was still insufficient to deal with so many Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered together.
Under his continuous punches, a 'kuang' sound rang out. Lan Qing's Rainbow Stone had landed on the stone pillar.
Luo Zheng turned over. Lan Qing nodded at Luo Zheng with a smile. She then raised her hands, causing the Rainbow Stone to appear in her hands once again.
Even though Lan Qing did not dare to get close to this stone pillar, she could still help Luo Zheng.
Another member of the Celestial Wolf Clan also summoned his Nirvana Realm token. It was a dark gray javelin. This javelin should have been made by a Nirvana Realm race. It wasn't formed naturally, and its entire body was exceptionally exquisite.
Seeing that Lan Qing could help, this Celestial Wolf Clan member naturally did not want to fall behind.
Now that he contributed, he would at least be qualified to get a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit if he could break the stone pillar apart.
"Xiu –"
The Celestial Wolf Clan member hurled the javelin, causing a series of sharp whistling sounds as it pierced through the air before landing heavily on the stone pillar.
"Ka!"
The stone pillar trembled. Yet this javelin did not even leave a small hole on the stone pillar!
This was the strength of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Before the Spirit of Chaotic Origin became fatigued, it would be hard for it to harm even a strand of hair of the other party. The Spirit of Chaotic Origin could help Chaotic Origin Experts absorb any damage. And this stone pillar in front of them was clearly a Chaotic Origin Expert …
Luo Zheng, Lan Qing, and that Celestial Wolf Clan member took turns to attack the stone pillar. When the other living beings saw that the vicious ants were no longer flying out, they became bolder.
Even though they did not have any descending-type Paramita Token, they could still use other methods to participate. Even though the strength of their attacks was not as great, they could still contribute as much as they could.
"Hong!"
"Kuang …"
"Dong dong dong …"
For a moment, all sorts of sacred techniques were unleashed, causing explosions to reverberate within the cavern.
After the group continued attacking for half an incense's time, the vicious ants hiding within the stone pillar could no longer endure it.
Bits of red light started emerging from the fist-sized holes.
Seeing the red light emitted by the vicious ants, Chou Xue and the others became alert once again. They said, "Everyone … be careful … hurry up and run!"
Just as Chou Xue warned the group, all the vicious ants within the stone pillar rushed out in all directions. There were at least a few thousand of them!
The majority of the vicious ants surrounded Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was the closest to the stone pillar. Naturally, he would be the first target.
But there were still a few hundred vicious ants that spread out and flew towards Chou Xue. Chou Xue only had time to shout out the word 'run' before retreating out of the cavern.
They were not like Luo Zheng who could stand there and allow the vicious ants to tear them apart.
If they were bitten by the vicious ants, they would be finished!
"Sou sou sou sou …"
The Celestial Wolf Clan member, a few other mutated races, and Lan Qing all fled towards the exit.
As long as they escaped to an open area outside the cavern, they might not be afraid of these vicious ants.
But Chou Xue followed the rugged path in the cavern all the way up. He heard the sound of the wind and suddenly had a bad feeling in his heart.
When he reached the exit of the cavern, the hurricane poured in and suddenly blew him to the side of the cavern wall, slamming him hard against the wall.
The hurricane sealed the entrance of the cavern …
With their strength, it was impossible for them to go against the wind and rush out of the cavern.
When Lan Qing and the rest of the foreign races saw this, their hearts sank.

Chapter 3028
"Ah! Ah! "
"This vicious ant has bitten me!"
"Hurry up and retreat!
Following several miserable shrieks, two Moon Spirits and a Celestial Wolf Race clansman were bitten by the huge jaws of the vicious ants.
Their bodies stiffened. They stood rooted to the ground before dying instantly. With a 'putong', their bodies started rotting away.
The remaining few cultivators were greatly startled when they saw this scene.
That Mountain Tomb clansman and Celestial Wolf Race clansman launched a frenzied counterattack against those vicious ants.
Given their strength, they might be able to kill a few vicious ants, but it was like pouring a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood …
It was especially so for this Mountain Tomb clansman. He felt gloomy. If he knew this would happen, he would have found a reason to avoid the hurricane and hide outside. As long as he could take away Luo Zheng's life, everything else would be fine.
Yet he was greedy for that Chaotic Origin Spirit within the stone pillar. Now, he was trapped in a cocoon of his own making. He did not even have a place to escape.
If he were to die like that Moon Spirit, he would truly be wronged.
Chou Xinghe and Lan Qing stood by the entrance of the cave with solemn expressions.
Seeing those vicious ants getting closer, Chou Xinghe finally made his decision.
He pulled Lan Qing behind him and said, "Hide behind me!"
Chou Xinghe could become one of the most outstanding disciples in the Heaven Palace. His strength was not to be underestimated.
He did not care about the lives of the other non-humans. But he could see that the relationship between Lan Qing and Luo Zheng was not ordinary. In this situation, he would naturally protect her.
Chou Xinghe raised his hand and brought out the Paramita Token.
Dozens of shackles extended out from his left hand. These shackles had thin spikes at the front.
The shackles turned around and pierced towards Chou Xinghe's body.
"Pu pu pu pu …"
Those shackles pierced into his chest, Dantian, arms, legs, and even his forehead.
When all the shackles pierced into his body, they continued extending through his meridians, bones, and organs. They had nearly pierced through his entire body.
The light in Chou Xinghe's eyes disappeared. His pupils were dilated. He was like a dead person. His life aura had been completely sealed.
But this dead person's movements had become unprecedentedly nimble!
He pulled out a shiny long sword from his waist, and his figure began to dance like a ghost.
"Big Brother Chou Xinghe …"
In Lan Qing's eyes, Chou Xue's aura changed greatly. He didn't seem like a living being at all, but more like a puppet.
From the perspective of a living being, Chou Xue was now a puppet.
Those chains were also a very rare token in the Nirvana Realm. They were called the Chains of Life and Death.
Chou Xinghe cultivated the True Meaning of Nature and the True Meaning of Eternity of Swordplay at the same time. Hence, he possessed two Nirvana Tokens. He rarely showed the Necklace of Life to others.
When the Life Annihilation Chain was activated, his vitality was completely sealed, and his consciousness was weakened to a negligible state. His entire being was controlled by the Life Annihilation Chain.
In other words, he had become a marionette.
However, the strength of this puppet would greatly increase in a short period of time.
Whether it was speed, reaction, strength …
However, the Life Annihilation Chain also had a huge drawback. It was extremely damaging to the body. After using the Life Annihilation Chain, he would be weakened for a period of time. Even his inner world would be in great turmoil.
In other words, if he failed to kill his opponent with this Nirvana Realm Token, he would be the one to die.
Unless there was no other choice, the Martyrdom of Sorrow would not be used.
Right now, there was no other way. The Martyrdom of Sorrow had no other choice.
"Phew …"
He held a long sword in his hand, and his footsteps were fluttering.
Even the long sword that was thrusting out was erratic, like a clumsy marionette.
However, this erratic long sword was extremely accurate. With a light tap, it pierced a high-speed flying fierce ant into two halves.
The fierce ants that were originally besieging the remaining few foreign tribesmen, upon discovering the Martyrdom of Sorrow's sharp counterattack, all pounced on him.
The chains that pierced into the Martyrdom of Sorrow's body were already connected to his meridians, muscles, and bones.
These chains were constantly stretching, loosening, loosening, and rotating. The Martyrdom of Sorrow's body displayed an incredible body movement. Under the attacks of these flying fierce ants, not a single one touched the Martyrdom of Sorrow's sleeves!
Every time the Martyrdom of Sorrow waved his long sword, he could always cut a few fierce ants into two halves.
Of the five to six hundred fierce ants that followed them, only two to three hundred were left in the blink of an eye. After the bodies of these fierce ants were cut open, they could only lie on the ground in vain, flapping their broken wings.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
The sword rays surged and crisscrossed.
"So powerful!"
"As expected of the best of the best among the superpowers!"
The remaining Celestial Wolf Tribesman, the Moon Spirit Tribesman, and the Mountain Tomb Tribesman all looked at the Martyrdom of Sorrow in disbelief.
In their opinion, the Martyrdom of Sorrow's strength might be slightly stronger than theirs, but the difference was not too great. They might not be a match for the Martyrdom of Sorrow in a one-on-one battle, but the two of them together should be able to take down this disciple of the Celestial Palace.
However, the strength that the Martyrdom of Sorrow displayed was enough to slaughter them all.
The remaining two to three hundred fierce ants were slaughtered by the Martyrdom of Sorrow just like that …
"Ding, ding, ding, ding …"
When the crisis was over, the Chain of Life shook and was pulled out of the Martyrdom of Sorrow's body, disappearing from his left hand.
The Martyrdom of Sorrow regained his consciousness, but his face was full of exhaustion. He could not even walk. Seeing this, Lan Qing went forward to support him.
"Be careful, there might be more fierce ants coming. I'm counting on you guys …" The Martyrdom of Sorrow said as he slowly sat down. He trembled as he took out the divine crystal from his body. He tried to crush the divine crystal and absorb the energy within, but under the exhaustion of his strength, he could not even crush the divine crystal.
When Lan Qing saw this, she helped him do it.
The remaining fierce ants flew over in twos and threes. They were not a threat at all.
Even if the fierce ants were fast, under the situation where there were not enough of them, the few of them could easily kill them.
"I wish to go down and take a look …" Lan Qing said after helping the Martyrdom of Sorrow absorb several hundred divine crystals.
Even though Luo Zheng was not afraid of the ant poison, Lan Qing was still worried.
The Mountain Tomb Clansmen, Celestial Wolf Clansmen, and Moon Spirit Clansmen nodded. Of course, they were not worried about Luo Zheng. Instead, they were worried about the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the stone pillar.
If Luo Zheng killed those fierce ants and used some methods to open the stone pillar, it would be bad for him to take the Chaotic Origin Spirit for himself.
"Let's go down together." The Martyrdom of Sorrow said.
After replenishing the divine crystals, the Martyrdom of Sorrow had not fully recovered his strength, but his movement was not hindered.
The three of them, Lan Qing, and the Martyrdom of Sorrow took a detour through the rugged cavern. Before they entered the cavern, they could hear waves of sword whistling.

Chapter 3029
Queen Ant
Luo Zheng's senses were naturally sharp. When he saw Lan Qing and Chou Martyrdom coming down, he felt as though a huge rock had been lifted off his chest.
Previously, he had seen several hundred vicious ants chasing after Lan Qing. He was worried about her safety.
But Luo Zheng could not help her. After all, he had attracted more vicious ants to attack him. If he were to follow them, those vicious ants would follow suit, and the situation would be worse.
But there was still an existence like Chou Martyrdom among them. And Chou Martyrdom did not disappoint Luo Zheng.
"Xiu xiu …"
Luo Zheng retracted his gaze. His expression became more focused as he sent out several sword lights.
The remaining vicious ants were devoured by his sword lights. Only ant corpses were left in this cavern.
"The vicious ants have been slaughtered by Big Brother Luo Zheng!" Lan Qing clapped her hands and said.
That Mountain Tomb Clansman, Moon Spirit Clansman, and Celestial Wolf Clansman were also filled with joy.
It was especially so for the Mountain Tomb Clansman. Not only did he escape from the calamity, from the looks of it, he could even get a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. By the time he got the Chaotic Origin Spirit, those experts from those huge clans would rush over. This scenario was perfect.
Without the vicious ants, there was only that stone pillar left. With everyone working together, they could smash it apart after spending some time.
But just as they were about to approach it, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strong aura coming from the stone pillar!
Many fiery-red vicious ants tunneled out from the small holes in the stone pillar. These red vicious ants contained a terrifying energy as they charged towards Luo Zheng.
"There are more?"
"These red ants contain a shocking amount of energy!"
"Hurry up and retreat! Retreat! "
Those three non-humans had just come down when they hurriedly retreated back into the passage leading upwards.
There were not many red ants. There were only a few dozen of them.
But Luo Zheng had a serious expression as though he was facing a formidable expert!
When the leading red ant was just a few steps away from Luo Zheng, the bright red color on its body seemed to boil. Under the intense energy reaction, it exploded right in front of Luo Zheng. Explode!
"Hong!"
The shock wave produced by the explosion of the red ants threw Luo Zheng away.
Even Chou Xinghe and Lan Qing, who were further away, were affected by the shockwave. The two of them once again crashed into the mountain wall.
This was only the strength of one red ant. The other red ants obviously didn't plan to let Luo Zheng go. They chased after Luo Zheng in groups.
"I was careless …" Luo Zheng murmured.
If these dozens of red ants exploded on his body at the same time, his body would probably be blasted into pieces.
However, Luo Zheng would only give them one chance. Seeing the red ants rushing forward again, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. His arms, face, and chest all turned pitch black.
After finishing his preparations, Luo Zheng even stabbed with his sword backhandedly.
When the sword light cut open an unstable red ant, the red ant exploded again.
Even though the shockwave was still huge, Luo Zheng adjusted his body slightly. He drifted along with the shockwave for a distance before landing firmly on the ground. Once again, he thrust his sword at the red ants that were chasing after him.
Every strike of Luo Zheng's could explode a red ant. Taking advantage of the explosion of these red ants, Luo Zheng would change his position once again.
As he fought and retreated, more and more red ants exploded by Luo Zheng. Not long after, the final red ant exploded, and the cave regained its peace once again …
These vicious ants were too sinister. There was no end to them!
But this time, Luo Zheng did not recklessly approach that stone pillar.
After waiting for a moment, a pair of huge white jaws suddenly extended out from the bottom of the stone pillar. With a slight stir, this huge white jaws opened up a huge hole on the stone pillar.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng, Lan Qing, Chou Xinghe and the others were stunned.
They naturally knew how tough this stone pillar was. Because the Chaotic Origin Spirit was hidden within, they could not break it apart even if they used all their strength.
This pair of huge white jaws simply stirred and the stone pillar broke apart?
"How could this be?"
"What is that …" Lan Qing said with a nervous expression.
"It is the Ant Queen. The Ant Queen is crawling out from within!" Chou Xinghe revealed a solemn expression.
"The Ant Queen is so strong?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Even if everyone worked together, they could not destroy the stone pillar. Did this Ant Queen have the strength of several tens of thousands of Divine Jun?
The habits of ants were similar. Those highly toxic vicious ants should be ordinary worker ants that were responsible for finding food for the Ant Queen. As for those fiery-red ants that could self-explode, they should be soldier ants that were responsible for fighting. They had to ensure the safety of the Ant Queen even if they had to sacrifice themselves.
After Luo Zheng killed the worker ants and soldier ants, the Ant Queen actually crawled out from the stone pillar.
This white Ant Queen was as tall as a human. Its abdomen was huge and translucent. When it crawled out from the bottom of the stone pillar, everyone focused their attention on its huge abdomen.
The eyes of the Celestial Wolf Clan, Moon Spirit Clan, and Mountain Tomb Clan members were flashing with greed.
Many amber-colored crystals were gathered in its translucent abdomen. Naturally, they could see them clearly.
"Chaotic Origin Spirit?"
"So many Chaotic Origin Spirits! They were actually swallowed by it! "
"No wonder it could easily destroy that stone pillar. That stone pillar itself could not withstand a single blow!"
All the Chaotic Origin Spirits were in the stomach of the Ant Queen. It was not the stone pillar that was sturdy but the Ant Queen.
After the white Ant Queen appeared, it did not act rashly.
It dragged its swollen abdomen as it crawled on the ground. That pair of white jaws trembled slightly. The pair of antennae on its head swayed gently as it sensed its surroundings. It was emitting an incomparably ferocious aura.
"It has accumulated so many Chaotic Origin Spirits in its stomach. Even if it did not refine them, it should still be comparable to a Chaotic Origin Expert." Chou Xinghe shook his head with a bitter smile: "Brother Luo Zheng, let's just leave. This thing …"
Chou Xinghe was the clearest about how strong a Chaotic Origin Expert was.
Being the most outstanding disciple of the Heaven Palace, he, Ye Shang and a dozen others had once stayed in the Land of Sword Grief for a period of time.
Not everyone in the Land of Sword Grief was a decisive expert. The majority of them had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm not long ago. They were not powerful enough to stand on their own in the Heaven Palace.
Ye Shang had once sparred with those who had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm. But Ye Shang could not even injure a finger of the other party despite using his full strength. Even though it was a challenge across realms, the gap between the heavens and earth had deeply shaken Chou Xinghe's heart. It had planted a seed in his heart – Chaotic Origin Realm experts were undefeatable unless he underwent Chaotic Origin Reconstruction!
But previously, Luo Zheng had broken this convention. By relying on the Weapon of Civilization, he easily suppressed Chun Yuan from the Supreme Lineage Palace. But this matter was only spread within the Supreme Lineage Palace under the control of Concubine Qin. The majority of Heaven Palace disciples did not know about it.
"It isn't at the Chaotic Origin Realm." Luo Zheng stared at the Ant Queen and said: "Even if it is, there must be a way to defeat it!"

Chapter 3030
When the few other humans saw how confident Luo Zheng was, they were naturally delighted.
It was a great harvest for them to be able to get a few Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Chou Xinghe was still worried. After all, he could not help Luo Zheng for the time being after using the Chain of Life.
Just as Chou Xinghe was about to speak, the huge abdomen of the Ant Queen finally moved.
The Ant Queen might look bloated, but the moment it moved, its speed was unbelievably fast. After making an arc on the ground, it charged towards Luo Zheng.
It should have judged that Luo Zheng was the one who posed the greatest threat to it!
"Sou!"
Seeing that the Queen Ant was heading straight for him, Luo Zheng raised his sword and a fighting spirit was brewing in his eyes.
Luo Zheng felt a strand of bewilderment and worry in his heart.
But he was not worried about the Chaotic Origin Spirits …
Even if these Chaotic Origin Spirits greatly strengthened the fleshy body of the Ant Queen, it could only turn the Ant Queen into a sandbag. It might be tough, but it was nothing to be afraid of.
The problem was, where did the strength of those vicious ants come from?
Those vicious ants that contained lethal poison had a strength of several dozens of Deity Jun.
To obtain such strength in the Mother World, one had to fuse with the Paramita keepsake before it was possible. But to erupt with a strength of several dozens of Deity Jun purely with one's fleshy body? Even Luo Zheng who had yet to enter the Paramita Realm could not do so.
And these vicious ants did not have any intelligence. They were simple-minded and did not even have a soul. They could only accept the orders of the Ant Queen to attack the invaders.
And the Ant Queen was clearly intelligent. Through the aura emitted by the Ant Queen, Luo Zheng could determine that its soul was not weak. It must have entered the Paramita Realm through the True Meaning of Nature before and stored the Paramita keepsake …
This Paramita keepsake could grant a few thousand vicious ants a strength of several dozens of Deity Jun. After retracting all the energy, wouldn't its Paramita Energy reach several tens of thousands of Deity Jun?
Seeing the Ant Queen charging towards him, Luo Zheng lightly jumped back. After stepping on the cavern wall, he somersaulted and executed a Thousand Catty Fall. His body seemed to be falling vertically.
He held onto the sword with both hands and stabbed it towards the abdomen of the Ant Queen.
"Kuang!"
The Queen Ant's translucent abdomen looked fragile. Luo Zheng's long sword didn't even leave a mark on it.
And the Chaotic Origin Spirit within its abdomen was flickering with light. It had already absorbed all the energy from Luo Zheng's attack!
"Hua!"
The ant's head and waist were very flexible. The ant queen's head suddenly turned, and a pair of big jaws bit toward Luo Zheng's head.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had been bitten on the arm by a Highly Poisonous Ferocious Ant. After suffering once, how could Luo Zheng suffer a second time?
Luo Zheng's attack didn't manage to break open the Queen Ant's abdomen. His body floated backwards.
But at this moment, a white ring suddenly rose from the head of the ant queen. As the ring spun, it suddenly shot out rays of white light. The ant corpses that were connected to the white light started moving again!
These ant corpses formed a dense net that closed in on the Queen Ant. And the direction in which Luo Zheng retreated was precisely the direction in which the net was being pulled in.
This set of actions of the Queen Ant was incredibly fast. Luo Zheng was startled. He wanted to dodge, but it was already too late. He fell into the huge net formed by the ant corpses, and his entire body was dragged back!
Seeing that he was getting closer and closer to that pair of white jaws, a seven-colored stream of light with a spiral was shot over.
"Hong!"
The Seven-Colored Stone smashed heavily on the head of the Queen Ant.
This Seven-Colored Stone could attack its target automatically. Its speed was incredibly fast, and its strength was not ordinary. It could be considered a high-grade Paramita Token.
Taking advantage of the moment when the Queen Ant's head leaned back, Luo Zheng escaped from that huge net.
'The Paramita Token fused with this Queen Ant isn't weak, but it is still within an acceptable range. My previous judgment was wrong …' As Luo Zheng distanced himself from the Queen Ant, he pondered.
The strength of those ferocious ants should have been bestowed by the Queen Ant. But the Queen Ant should not be able to bestow strength to all the ferocious ants at the same time. Within a certain period of time, it should only be able to bestow strength to a portion of the ferocious ants!
When Luo Zheng was facing the attacks of those ferocious ants, he discovered that most of them were hovering in the surroundings. Every wave of attacks would only have 45 ferocious ants attacking. The rest of the ferocious ants were just watching a show.
At that time, Luo Zheng was slightly puzzled. But he did not take it to heart.
Now, he understood that the Queen Ant had limited strength. After all, it would be most efficient to concentrate all its strength on a single point.
It's just that those ferocious ants were venomous. As long as they were given a certain amount of strength, it would be sufficient to ensure that their venomous jaws could bite through the prey of the invaders. Hence, the Queen Ant used that Paramita Token 'Ring' to distribute its strength to the other ferocious ants.
With 40 to 50 ferocious ants, each attack would have about 50 to 60 Deity Jun of strength. The limit of this Queen Ant's strength should be about 2,000 Deity Jun …
Even though it was thorny, it was not impossible to take it down!
"Everyone, let's help! If you all continue watching the show, you will not get a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit! "Lan Qing waved her hand. The Rainbow Stone which she had originally thrown out returned to her hands.
The Moon Spirit Clansmen, Celestial Wolf Clansmen, and Mountain Tomb Clansmen felt their hearts thumping.
Luo Zheng was clearly strong enough to suppress them. If they defeated the Queen Ant, how much Chaotic Origin Spirit they could get would most likely depend on Luo Zheng's preference.
If they did not help, Luo Zheng would have a reason to refuse to share the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
After hearing Lan Qing's words, the three of them no longer felt embarrassed to continue watching by the side. They immediately brought out their Paramita Tokens and began attacking the Queen Ant.
"Zi …"
The Moon Spirit Clansman held a small scarlet-gold bamboo in his hand. Fine lightning bolts shot out from the small golden bamboo, bombarding the Queen Ant.
The hairs on the body of the Celestial Wolf Clansman stood up. He extended his right claw and clawed at the Queen Ant.
Even though those three-patterned claw lights were not weak, they could not break through the defenses of the Queen Ant …
The attacks of the Mountain Tomb Clansman were the most boring. He did not dare to get close to the Queen Ant. Instead, he found some huge rocks in the cave and hurled them at the Queen Ant. But these rocks were as weak as tofu to the Queen Ant. They turned into powder upon impact.
Not only did they not cause any burden to the Queen Ant, they even obstructed the vision of everyone. Lan Qing frowned and angrily shouted: "Stop throwing rocks!"
The Mountain Tomb Clansman glanced at Lan Qing inwardly. He sneered in his heart. Once the reinforcements arrived, don't talk about getting the Chaotic Origin Crystal, all of you would die here!
Even though Lan Qing and the others were attacking, the Queen Ant ignored their attacks. It did not care about them at all.
Even though it did not know how to speak the human language, its intelligence was extremely high. Its judgment was sharp. The only one who could threaten it in this cave was this human young man in front of it. As long as it killed him, the other living beings would become its food.
The Queen Ant continued chasing after Luo Zheng. And Luo Zheng was circling around the Queen Ant.
'This Queen Ant has only devoured the Chaotic Origin Spirit. It has yet to undergo a Chaotic Origin Rebirth. The flaws in its fleshy body should still exist …'

Chapter 3031
Flaws!
Theoretically, there was nothing perfect in this world.
Even those at the Chaotic Origin Realm had flaws.
But given Luo Zheng's current strength, he could not see through the flaws of Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
Back at the Tai Shi Palace, Luo Zheng had once used his Mind Eye to disturb Chun Xuan's mind. But he did not use his True Eye to investigate.
It was not easy to see through the flaws of a fleshy body that had undergone the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction.
But this Ant Queen before him was an exception.
"Sword Pattern Technique!"
"Mind Eye!"
Following that white light, a clear world appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
In this world, everything was filled with lines.
Lan Qing was like that. Chou Xue was like that too.
Through these lines, Luo Zheng could see how strong everyone was.
Even though Chou Xue's fighting strength had plummeted, his aura remained as one as he stood there. His arms were placed in a defensive position, and he was intentionally or unintentionally protecting his flaws.
Chou Xue had never cultivated the Sword Pattern Technique. It was an instinct that he had honed through countless battles.
Other than that, Lan Qing, the Mountain Hill Tribesmen, and the Celestial Wolf Tribesmen had similar flaws …
And in his True Eye, the Ant Queen was a single entity. It was exactly the same as what he saw previously!
"There are no flaws?"
"Impossible!"
The Ant Queen had ultimately not completed the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. Luo Zheng did not believe that he could not find any flaws.
That pair of white jaws once again pierced towards Luo Zheng. After lowering his body, Luo Zheng leaped up. He kept his sword by his side and did not attack the Ant Queen. Instead, he glared at the Ant Queen.
"What is Luo Zheng doing?" Chou Xue asked curiously.
"He is not attacking anymore. Is he planning to give up?" The Moon Spirit Clansmen frowned.
The Ant Queen relied on the Chaotic Origin Spirit and could not be broken through. But given Luo Zheng's capabilities, it was not a problem for him to escape.
But in this way, they would no longer have any hopes of getting a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Hence, the few Outsiders felt gloomy.
However, they didn't dare to say anything. After all, it wasn't them who were fighting in front, but Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng won't give up," Lan Qing said firmly. At the same time, there was a trace of doubt on her face. What was Luo Zheng doing? Looking at how focused he was, he seemed to be observing the queen ant. What was the use of such observation?
Seeing that Luo Zheng kept dodging and staring at the queen ant, Chou Xinghe suddenly thought of something.
As one of the proudest disciples of the Heavenly Palace, it was not difficult for him to obtain a Supreme Sword Scripture. He more or less knew about the Supreme Sword Scriptures in the Heavenly Palace.
"As a member of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng's main cultivation should be the Heart Flow Sword. Previously, he used the extreme speed of the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Mantra. Could it be that apart from these two supreme sword mantras, he also cultivated the Sword Pattern Art?"
Every Supreme Sword Scripture represented the pinnacle of swordsmanship. There was no difference in strength between them, only the focus.
To fully comprehend them, one needed to put in a lot of effort. Luo Zheng had just entered the Heavenly Palace. While spending a lot of time on the Nirvana Realm, he actually cultivated so many Supreme Sword Scriptures at the same time. Chou Xinghe was very surprised.
However, what Chou Xinghe didn't know was that Luo Zheng also cultivated the Fusion God Sword Scripture at the same time.
"Flaws …"
"Still nothing?"
Luo Zheng activated the power of the Mind's Eye. The white light in his right eye became stronger and stronger, and the pressure also increased. More and more lines appeared in Luo Zheng's vision. Even the cracks in space began to appear faintly!
"There! There's a trace! "
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally found an insignificant thin line on the queen ant's back.
This thin line was very precious to Luo Zheng!
Taking advantage of the moment when the queen ant turned around, Luo Zheng swept through the air like a bird and landed on the queen ant's abdomen. The sword light suddenly shot out and quickly swept away.
"Weng!"
This sword did not seem powerful. In the eyes of Chou Xinghe and the others, it was like scratching an itch. It did not have any impact on the queen ant at all.
But those amber-colored Chaotic Origin Spirits in the queen ant's abdomen dimmed by a portion!
"What is going on?"
"The Chaotic Origin Spirits have dimmed by so much?"
"That sword should be very ordinary …"
The Celestial Wolf Clan, Mountain Tomb Clan, and Moon Spirit Clan members looked at each other. They could not understand what Luo Zheng had done.
Chou Xinghe had been guessing in his heart for a long time. When he saw this scene, the edge of his lips curled up. It seemed that Brother Luo Zheng had cultivated the Sword Marking Technique to the Great Perfection stage. But thinking about it, given how many Chaotic Origin Spirits were swallowed in the queen ant's abdomen, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he should not be able to see through any flaws unless he had some unique ability.
After the queen ant was stabbed by Luo Zheng, it seemed to be infuriated. As its antennae swayed, the grand circle above its head released a ferocious energy. That bloated body of the queen ant became even more agile as it chased after Luo Zheng relentlessly!
But at the moment it caught up to Luo Zheng, Lan Qing's Rainbow Stone arrived once again, smashing down on the head of the queen ant.
"Hong!"
Taking advantage of the moment when the queen ant was smashed, Luo Zheng turned around and sent out another sword.
"Ka!"
That amber-colored luster of the Chaotic Origin Spirits dimmed by another portion!
According to the records of the < Sword Marking Technique >, even though attacking these lines might not be enough to kill the other party, it was enough to heavily injure the other party.
But the Chaotic Origin Spirits were too heaven-defying. They could replace the fleshy body to endure all the damage.
Hence, Luo Zheng was able to rapidly deplete the Chaotic Origin Spirits by attacking these lines, causing the Chaotic Origin Spirits to rapidly become fatigued.
"Kuang!"
"Ding!"
"…"
Luo Zheng did not fight against the queen ant directly. Instead, he would grab hold of every opportunity to strike.
If the distance between them was not enough, he would strike with his sword.
Even though the movement of the queen ant was fast, with its body structure, it could not protect that thin line. It could only watch as Luo Zheng attacked it. No matter how much it retaliated, it could not do anything to Luo Zheng at all.
After Luo Zheng struck out ten over times, the Chaotic Origin Spirits in the stomach of the queen ant had become fatigued. They turned into small grayish-yellow beads.
At this moment, Lan Qing threw out another Rainbow Stone!
"Hong!"
The Rainbow Stone struck the abdomen of the queen ant, causing it to cave in.
"This queen ant can't hold on any longer!" Lan Qing exclaimed in joy.
"Zi zi zi …"
Under the pain, the pair of antennae of the queen ant clashed against each other, emitting a strange sound. It sounded like a roar.
The other natives also attacked. After losing the protection of the Chaotic Origin Spirits, the defense of the queen ant plummeted. In the blink of an eye, its body was covered in wounds.
Even though the Chaotic Origin Spirits had entered a fatigued state, its Paramita Talisman should not be underestimated.
"Hua!"
But after the Chaotic Origin Spirits entered a fatigued state, it could no longer squeeze out too much energy. Its fleshy body could not withstand it either.
After it activated its Paramita Energy, it charged towards the stone pillar like a wild rhinoceros.
Actually, the stone pillar was not its lair. Its lair was connected to the bottom of the cavern. It extended for several hundred meters. It was a huge maze.
The reason why the queen ant dared to appear was because Luo Zheng had wiped out all its descendants.
Currently, it was filled with regret. If it knew this would happen, it would have holed up underground. Otherwise, it would not be in such a miserable state …
It had never thought that this human young man could actually find its only weakness!
"Pu!"
Just as the queen ant was about to drill into the cavern beneath the stone pillar, Luo Zheng threw out his sword.

Chapter 3032
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit lost its effect, the Ant Queen's defense was not worth mentioning. It was not much stronger than ordinary fierce ants.
But the Ant Queen had a tenacious life force. Even though its head was pierced through, it was still struggling on the ground. Nevertheless, such struggles were futile.
The Mountain Tomb Clansmen, Moon Spirit Clansmen, and Celestial Wolf Clansmen were overjoyed when they saw this. They rushed over to surround the corpse of the Ant Queen before Lan Qing and Chou Xingzhu.
Especially that Mountain Tomb Clansman. He extended his hand and wanted to tear the abdomen of the Ant Queen.
"Mn?"
Luo Zheng who stood in midair snorted. A strand of sinister aura came down.
Luo Zheng was the main culprit who killed the Ant Queen. How could these fellows share the Chaotic Origin Spirit?
After sensing this aura, the three of them froze. Why would they dare to make any unnecessary movements?
In their opinion, the Ant Queen was comparable to a Chaotic Origin Expert. Since Luo Zheng could even deal with the Ant Queen, killing the three of them would not take much effort.
After Luo Zheng descended, he extended his hand and pulled out his sword from the head of the Ant Queen. The three of them hurriedly moved aside.
"Xiu!"
Following a light sword light, the abdomen of the Ant Queen was sliced open. The Chaotic Origin Spirit contained within flowed out. Along with the Chaotic Origin Spirit, many ant eggs also flowed out.
Luo Zheng's sword lightly trembled. Many Chaotic Origin Spirits were plucked out from the abdomen of the Ant Queen. They fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
The three of them followed the movements of these Chaotic Origin Spirits with their eyes. They were silently counting the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits.
They understood how much they were worth. It was up to Luo Zheng to decide how many Chaotic Origin Spirits they could get. But the more Chaotic Origin Spirits there were, the more Chaotic Origin Spirits they would get.
When Luo Zheng counted the Chaotic Origin Spirits, there were a total of over 300 of them!
There was a limit to how many Chaotic Origin Spirits a living being could refine. Most living beings would need about 200 Chaotic Origin Spirits if they wanted to complete the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. This Chaotic Origin Spirit in the abdomen of the Ant Queen was more than enough for one to complete the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction.
The eyes of the three of them were blazing with fire. If they could swallow the Chaotic Origin Spirits alone, they would not have to risk their lives fighting here.
Lan Qing and Chou Xue were relatively indifferent. As disciples of the Heavenly Palace, they naturally thought that Luo Zheng would be biased towards them.
Luo Zheng calculated in his mind. Naturally, he should keep the biggest share for himself, followed by Lan Qing and Chou. As for the three aliens … he would just send them off with a few each.
But at this moment, on the top of the mountain above the cave, two pairs of golden wings gently flapped.
Ling Kuang and Yao Ying were already floating in the air, and the hurricane had long since stopped.
"The position is correct," Ling Kuang said. "That Mountain Tomb clansman did not move. They are right below us."
Yao Ying closed his eyes and sensed the soul imprint again. Then he said, "Two people from the You Xiong Clan are coming here. Min Yue and Shennong, should we wait for them?"
Of course, they wouldn't underestimate Luo Zheng's strength. The more people there were, the greater the possibility of Luo Zheng being killed.
The corners of Ling Kuang's mouth curled up slightly. That mesmerizing smile was filled with arrogance. "Demon Drink, are you afraid that the kid is too strong?"
The Divine Nest was a unique place. Every Divine Nest Demoness was astonishingly strong. It's just that there were too few demonesses qualified to be nurtured.
Within the same level, the Golden Crow Divine Flame's power was almost absolute. They were not afraid of any opponent. Furthermore, there were two of them.
Yao Ying was straightforward, "Then let's attack!"
Saying that, the wings on their back released golden light. The Golden Crow Divine Flame burned fiercely.
"Weng weng …"
Two golden halos appeared above their heads. They were vibrating intensely. That was the highly condensed Golden Crow Divine Flame.
Following that, the two of them spread out their hands. Many pure golden sharp swords shot out from the halos!
Ling Kuang's index finger lightly pressed down. She opened her mouth and spat out a word, "Go!"
Those pure golden swords shot downwards in unison!
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Every sharp sword was only the size of a palm. Yet this highly condensed Golden Crow Divine Flame could incinerate almost everything.
If there was still a Chaotic Origin Spirit in this mountain, it might be able to resist for a period of time. But that Chaotic Origin Spirit had already been eaten by that Ant Queen. The entire mountain was no different from an ordinary mountain.
When the sharp swords landed on the mountain, they immediately incinerated the mountain. The fiery-red lava was directly penetrated by the golden sharp swords!
Within the cavern, Luo Zheng was just about to speak when he suddenly felt an intense energy reaction coming from above.
Chou Xingzhu. Lan Qing and the others had also sensed it.
Just as they raised their heads, rays of golden light shot out from the top of the cavern. Many golden sharp swords shot down like raindrops!
"Dodge!"
Chou Xingzhu's reaction was the fastest. He rapidly retreated towards a corner of the cavern.
Lan Qing wanted to dodge as well. But coincidentally, several golden sharp swords landed on the path she was retreating.
Seeing a golden sharp sword just inches away from her, the heat emitted by the golden sharp sword burnt her jet-black hair. She was so frightened that her face turned pale. At this moment, a hand suddenly stretched out and blocked that golden sharp sword. At the same time, that hand pulled Lan Qing to its side.
"Ah …"
Lan Qing naturally knew that the one who helped her block the golden sharp swords was Luo Zheng. But Luo Zheng's hand …
This little bit of Golden Crow God Fire was not enough to activate the Sanskrit scriptures on his body. Golden spirals appeared on his arm, and they easily burned away the flames from the sharp swords.
Lan Qing struggled out from the fear of death. She was still in a daze when she saw this scene. She then heard Luo Zheng saying: "The cavern is about to collapse. You should hide by Chou Xingzhu's side."
Following that, Luo Zheng gently pulled and pushed Lan Qing. He controlled his strength perfectly. Lan Qing's body flew across the sky for a moment before landing by the side of Chou Xingzhu. And Chou Xingzhu's eyesight was accurate. Not a single sword landed at the position he was hiding at.
Comparatively, the three non-humans were in a miserable state.
They were just excitedly waiting for a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Who would have thought that such a calamity would happen?
When those sharp swords landed, the three of them covered their heads and fled. Coincidentally, they were located at a region densely covered by the golden sharp swords.
"Pu!"
One of the golden sharp swords pierced through the head of the Celestial Wolf Clan member. He died on the spot. His hair was ignited, and in the blink of an eye, he was turned into ashes.
The Mountain Tomb Race member felt regret in his heart.
Among these people, he was the only one who knew the truth. He was the one who called these Godly Hive Demonesses over.
But how could he have known that his life was not worth mentioning in the eyes of these people!
Even though this Mountain Tomb Race member tried his best to dodge, he could not avoid the misfortune of death. At the same time, he was pierced through by three golden sharp swords. His fate was exactly the same as that of the Celestial Wolf Clan member.
Instead, it was that Moon Spirit Clan member who had remained silent all this while who reacted the most. His Paramita Talisman had a mystical technique that allowed him to form a transparent membrane.

Chapter 3033
Clash
The golden sharp swords continued descending, corroding the rock layer above the cavern.
When the rock layer was corroded to a certain extent, it would emit a dull cracking sound. The entire rock layer would collapse downwards, covering the entire cavern.
"Hong!"
Luo Zheng, Lan Qing, Chou Xue, and the Moon Spirit Clansman had already retreated to the edge of the cavern to avoid being smashed by the collapsing rock layer.
Given their strength, it was not a big deal even if they were smashed. But they would expose their location, which would be detrimental to their future operations.
After the cavern collapsed, a huge crater was formed.
Yao Drink and Ling Kuang gradually descended.
The pair of wings that contained the Golden Crow God Fire flapped, causing a scalding aura to surge in this crater.
"What … are you all doing!"
The Moon Spirit Clansman leaned by the side with a look of horror.
Even though he had avoided a calamity, the death of the Celestial Wolf Clansman and Mountain Tomb Clansman still frightened him.
The competition in the Chaotic Origin Great World had always been cruel.
Tens of thousands of people would fight for the 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits. Killing one meant one less competitor.
According to the records, the clansmen who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World would gather together as soon as possible before clearing the area.
In the end, the majority of those who survived were the clansmen and disciples of those super organizations. Many of the elites that were painstakingly nurtured by the smaller clans would die for unknown reasons.
In order to succeed in the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, it was a huge test for the clansmen of the smaller clans. The risk they had to take was much higher than those super organizations.
This Moon Spirit Clansman was looking forward to getting a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirits. Just as he was feeling lucky, he actually encountered such a situation. One could imagine how depressed he felt.
Yao Drink glanced at the Moon Spirit Clansman. Her expression did not change.
Outsiders would only be hindrances if they stayed here …
Her index finger tapped lightly at the Moon Spirit Clansman. Under a golden flash, many golden firebirds flew towards the Moon Spirit Clansman.
When the Moon Spirit Clansman saw that, he turned around and leaped up. He wanted to escape from this crater.
Seeing those golden firebirds closing in, he patted on his head, causing a layer of light to sweep out. It enveloped those golden firebirds, causing their speed to decrease significantly.
"Small tricks …"
Yao Drink revealed a look of disdain. She gently pulled at the Moon Spirit Clansman.
It was as if an invisible string was coiled around the leg of the Moon Spirit Clansman, pulling him down into the flock of firebirds.
"Ahhh …"
The screams of the Moon Spirit Clan member only lasted for half a breath's time before they stopped abruptly. His entire body had been burned to a crisp.
Only then did Demon Drink turn his head, his gaze falling on Luo Zheng.
Looking at Luo Zheng's calm expression, Demon Drink was somewhat unhappy. The calmer the opponent, the more difficult it was to deal with.
"You don't seem to be flustered?" Demon Drink asked.
Luo Zheng silently sized up the two Banshees, then immediately said with a smile, "I have fought against your Hive Phoenix before. It's just two Banshees, why should I panic?"
Ling Kuang and Yao Ying frowned.
Even the elites of the Divine Farmer Clan and the You Xiong Clan would feel great pressure when facing her, let alone the two of them.
This Luo Zheng's seemingly patient and prudent character was not inferior to that black-clothed youth.
"Arrogant," Ling Kuang said coldly.
"What you fought against was only Lord Phoenix's Disillusionment Projection, not her full strength," Demon Drink replied with a calm expression.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change, staring at the two Banshees with a hint of a smile in his eyes.
In this kind of life and death confrontation, one's state of mind was very important.
Since Demon Drink had begun to defend herself, it meant that she was at a disadvantage.
In fact, Phoenix's failure to capture Luo Zheng with her Disillusionment Projection had indeed caused a lot of shock in the Hive.
But Luo Zheng was able to escape from Phoenix's hands. On one hand, it was not because he was not afraid of the Golden Crow Divine Fire. On the other hand, it was because of the Hermit Magic of the Nine Li Tribe Chiefs. If it were not for that, he would definitely not have been able to hold on until Qiu Yinhe arrived.
Of course, at that time, Luo Zheng did not know that Qiu Yinhe intended to secretly observe him.
But in any case, Luo Zheng, who had just entered the Nirvana Realm, was able to escape from Phoenix's hands.
Being stared at by Luo Zheng, Demon Drink and Ling Kuang were faintly unnatural.
They could not gain the upper hand verbally, so they did not want to waste time talking.
"Ling Kuang, you take care of those two Heavenly Palace disciples. I'll deal with this guy," Demon Drink said decisively.
Lan Qing and Chou Xinghe stood in a corner. When they heard this, they immediately became nervous.
If he was in peak condition, Chou Xinghe would not be afraid of the Hive Banshees. Even if he faced Ling Kuang and Demon Drink, he was confident that he could escape unscathed.
But after using the Chain of Life, his strength had not completely recovered. He was afraid that he would not be able to fight against them.
Lan Qing's face was filled with anxiety. She gently raised her hands, and the Rainbow Stone appeared in her hands.
If she could not avoid it, she could only fight with her back to the river.
"Whoosh!"
Accompanied by a wave of heat, Ling Kuang had already charged straight towards Lan Qing and Chou Xinghe.
Lan Qing looked very weak. In the Nine Li Tribe, she was also the target of protection from her brothers and sisters.
But at this time, the tenacity she displayed exceeded Chou Xinghe and Luo Zheng's imagination.
She gently threw the Rainbow Stone. The stone dragged a seven-colored light and went straight towards Ling Kuang.
When Ling Kuang saw the Rainbow Stone coming straight towards her, a trace of contempt appeared in her eyes. She gently spread her wings, and her whole body flashed a shadow in the air. The Rainbow Stone drilled through the shadow, unable to touch Ling Kuang at all.
"Die …"
Ling Kuang gently flipped her hand, and a golden spear appeared in her hand. The tip of the spear was suffused with traces of condensed golden flames that seemed to be able to melt everything.
But at the same time that Ling Kuang rushed down, she suddenly heard a whistling sound.
The huge power made Ling Kuang's heart palpitate!
She completely relied on instinct to lower her head. The Rainbow Stone, which had left and returned, swept past her ear. It actually scraped her white ear into pieces, and blood flowed out!
"Swish!"
"Ta!"
Lan Qing caught the Rainbow Stone with a serious expression. "Don't come closer. If you come closer … I won't be polite!"
"Sister Lan Qing, good job," Chou Xinghe encouraged from the side.
The Rainbow Stone seemed to be a very ordinary Nirvana Realm token, but there were many mysteries in it.
This stone was extremely flexible, and it was completely under Lan Qing's control. After it was thrown, it could turn back freely. Lan Qing could also detonate the Nirvana Power in the Rainbow Stone, allowing it to explode with higher speed and power.
But there was a limit to the number of detonations. It could only be detonated three times a day. After that, the Rainbow Stone could no longer be used. After the detonation, the impact of the Rainbow Stone could easily exceed 1,000 Godly Tons.
Ling Kuang saw Chou Xinghe's sickly look, and Lan Qing's strength was not worth mentioning. Naturally, she looked down on them.
But this kind of contempt almost cost her her life.

Chapter 3034
Ling Kuang's eyes looked like they were about to spit out flames. This miscalculation was a great humiliation to her.
Surging killing intent gushed out. Just as Ling Kuang was about to rush towards Lan Qing, a golden flame behind her exploded, followed by a muffled bang.
Ling Kuang turned her head, and a trace of panic appeared in her eyes.
Yao Drink was sent flying, crashing into the cave wall. Luo Zheng was floating in the air. The Golden Crow Flame was rolling around his body, but it didn't cause any damage to him?
"So strong …"
Yao Drink and Ling Kuang had never underestimated Luo Zheng.
The two women broke through the cave. Ling Kuang was responsible for cleaning up the mess, and Yao Drink was responsible for delaying Luo Zheng.
After Ling Kuang killed Lan Qing and the others, the two women would definitely be able to take down Luo Zheng …
But Ling Kuang never expected that Yao Drink wouldn't be able to last one round in front of Luo Zheng.
Demon Drinker was embedded in the rock. There was a hint of fear and anger in his charming eyes. The wings behind him burned and turned the rock into streams of lava.
"Attacking me is good. Attacking my friends, did you ask for my permission?" Luo Zheng stared at the two women. His face was cold.
He originally wanted to test them before attacking heavily, but since they chose to attack Lan Qing and Chou Xue, Luo Zheng could only attack fiercely.
As his voice fell, Luo Zheng took a light step forward. The rock under his feet cracked, and his body shuttled towards Ling Kuang like a shuttle.
"Ling Kuang! Dodge! He's not afraid of fire! "Yao Drink loudly reminded. She had suffered a great loss because of this.
Ling Kuang's Golden Crow Divine Fire was one of the best among all the banshees. When she heard Yao Ying's reminder, she forcefully withdrew the Golden Crow Divine Fire that she was about to spew out. At the same time, she spread her wings and soared into the sky!
On the other side, although Devildrinker had taken a punch from Luo Zheng, this kind of injury didn't affect her too much. She spread her wings and soared into the air. She then said, "Retreat!"
The Golden Crow Clan's greatest reliance was the Golden Crow Divine Fire. If Luo Zheng wasn't afraid at all, they would definitely be at a disadvantage. Retreating was naturally the best option.
"Since you're already here, you might as well stay!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He also flew up and followed Ling Kuang.
Luo Zheng was not as agile in the air as Jinwu, but he was 30% faster than Ling Kuang. He was like a ghost, quickly closing the distance between them.
"Get down!"
Behind Luo Zheng, Yaoyin raised his eyebrows and took out a Paramita Token.
"Heaven Crystal Fall!"
She waved her two fingers in the air, and a series of shiny awls shot towards Luo Zheng.
Yao Yaoyin didn't seek to kill Luo Zheng. She only wanted to force Luo Zheng to retreat and ensure Ling Kuang's safety.
These 'Heaven Crystals' had a strong penetrative power. If Luo Zheng didn't dodge, they could leave behind hundreds of holes on her body, turning him into a sieve.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng didn't care about these awls. With a thought, the Sealing Stone Solution had already accumulated on his back.
"Ding ding ding …"
The Heaven Crystals that could penetrate almost everything could not penetrate through Luo Zheng's back. Seeing this, Yao Yaoyin and Ling Kuang were even more shocked.
Ling Kuang gritted her teeth. She spread her wings and rapidly increased her altitude. But this struggle was clearly futile. Luo Zheng did not slow down after withstanding that wave of attacks from Yao Yaoyin. In the blink of an eye, he arrived beneath Ling Kuang's feet.
But at this moment, the black fog in the Chaotic Origin Great World started surging again.
Being Jinwu, Ling Kuang and Yao Yaoyin had a perception of wind that far surpassed other lifeforms. At the instant the black fog surged, the two girls revealed a joyous expression. That hurricane had started blowing again!
"Hu …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to succeed, that irresistible force appeared once again.
This irresistible hurricane forced him and Ling Kuang away from each other, causing them to tumble forward.
"Ah! Big Brother Luo Zheng has been blown away! "
Lan Qing and Chou Xue were still at the bottom of the cavern. Even though the hurricane was pouring in from above the huge pit, it could not sweep them away.
Luo Zheng might not be able to resist this hurricane, but it did not mean others couldn't.
The two banshees fully spread their wings and flew with the wind. They flew steadily and quickly. This hurricane was their natural home ground!
"This hurricane came at the right time." Yao Yaoyin laughed.
"What should we do now?" Ling Kuang asked. She still had some lingering fear after being nearly caught by Luo Zheng.
"He can't resist at all. He is just a living target. Let this hurricane end his life!"
The two banshees lightly flapped their wings and changed their direction. They followed behind Luo Zheng at the same speed.
A huge transparent crystal stone appeared above Yao Yaoyin's head. Many Heaven Crystal spears were formed from that crystal stone.
"Xiu xiu …"
The Heaven Crystal spears shot out with the wind. They were much more powerful as they shot towards Luo Zheng.
Just like what Yao Yaoyin said, Luo Zheng could not adjust his body in the hurricane. Even if he could, there was a limit to it. He could only become a target and could not avoid those Heaven Crystal spears.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
The Heaven Crystal spears struck Luo Zheng's back, shattering apart inch by inch. Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could only choose to resist them head-on.
"Let me see how long you can last!" Yao Yaoyin revealed a vicious smile.
Yao Yaoyin found it hard to understand why Luo Zheng could resist the bombardment of her Heaven Crystals.
After all, he was not at the Chaotic Origin Realm. Even so, there was a limit to the Chaotic Origin Realm. Beyond this limit, the strength of the fleshy body would plummet. She did not believe that Luo Zheng could last forever!
Nevertheless, Luo Zheng's Sealing Stone Solution was fundamentally different from the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
The Sealing Stone Solution did not have the property of absorbing energy like the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. But the Sealing Stone Solution would not become fatigued.
Luo Zheng stuck all the Sealing Stone Solution on his back. No matter how many times the Heaven Crystal spears struck him, they could not penetrate his back.
But every single Heaven Crystal spear that struck his back would release a powerful force. Under the impact of this force, Luo Zheng's blood and energy became turbulent. His organs were also shaken.
There was a limit to the Sealing Stone Solution. After protecting his back, he could not protect his other body parts. This could not go on.
On the other side, Ling Kuang waved her hand and brought out a Paramita Talisman.
That was a longbow flashing with blue light. She lightly pulled the bowstring with both hands, causing an aqua blue arrow to float on the bow.
"Sky South Bow!"
This longbow was a transcendent-grade Paramita Talisman. It was a sacred treasure of the Yu Nan Clan, a ruler superpower. It was also a unique and unique item. It was famous within the Paramita Realm.
This bow was the Paramita Talisman used by the previous Phoenix. It had always been kept as a treasure by the Jinwu. It was only when Ling Kuang appeared that the previous Phoenix passed it down to her. Many demonesses in the Phoenix Nest coveted this Paramita Talisman.
"Shoot the Sky South!"
Following Ling Kuang's sudden pull, an extremely sharp blue light shot out from the Sky South Bow.

Chapter 3035
In the Forbidden Zone of Wind.
The Sealing Stone Solution was not an indestructible existence. It was only a thin layer on Luo Zheng's back.
If it was an item with a strong penetrating power, it could easily pierce through his body.
When this blue light shot towards him, Luo Zheng became more alert.
Yet he was still wrapped in the hurricane. Even if he executed his movement technique, he could not move nimbly within the hurricane. He could not dodge it at all!
'Sealing Stone Solution, condense!'
Under the situation where he could not dodge, he could only resist it.
The Sealing Stone Solution that was originally spread on his back rapidly shrunk. It turned into a bowl-sized lump that floated on his back like a birthmark.
After the Sealing Stone Solution condensed, its defensive power increased by several times!
'She is aiming at my back!'
With a thought from Luo Zheng, the bowl-sized Stone Sealing Solution gathered at the center of his back.
"Hong!"
The arrow hit its target. An azure light enveloped Luo Zheng.
Yao Yin and Ling Kuang revealed a look of joy. They did not believe that Luo Zheng was so strong that he could resist the Heavenly South Bow.
When that light dissipated, Luo Zheng appeared once again.
The smiles on Yao Yin and Ling Kuang's faces froze. Their eyes were filled with confusion, doubt, and shock.
"This …"
Ling Kuang was speechless for a moment.
The Heavenly South Bow was Ling Kuang's strongest technique.
Furthermore, the price of using this powerful Paramita Token was huge. If not for the fact that they were helpless against Luo Zheng, Ling Kuang would not even consider using the Heavenly South Bow.
But even her strongest killing move was blocked by this fellow. Had this fellow truly not stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm?
"Cough cough …"
Luo Zheng coughed and spat out a mouthful of golden blood.
The blood spread out rapidly as it was blown by the wind.
The condensed Sealing Stone Solution still managed to block this arrow. But the penetrating power of this arrow was too strong. Luo Zheng suffered from internal injuries from the impact. His inner world was shaking.
Fortunately, this injury was not serious. He could recover from it in an instant.
But the hurricane did not stop. He remained a target for these two girls to slaughter. If they were to shoot a few more arrows, things would not be so simple.
What Luo Zheng could think of, Demon Drink and Ling Kuang could also think of.
"How could such a monster appear in the Heavenly Palace …" Yao Yin said in a deep voice.
After Ling Kuang digested the shock in her heart, her expression became even more persistent. She gently hooked the Heavenly South Bow, and another blue arrow was nocked on the bowstring. "You can block this arrow, but can you block the second and third arrows?"
The Heavenly Palace and the Golden Crow were like fire and water now, and Phoenix hated this kid very much.
If he was allowed to grow in the future, he would be a huge threat to the Golden Crows. Ling Kuang was ready to risk everything. Even if she had to pay a huge price, she had to kill him now!
Luo Zheng rolled in the hurricane for a while. He wiped the blood from his mouth and said with a smile, "Let's continue. I also want to know how many arrows I can block."
The Sealing Stone Solution could move at will. No matter where Ling Kui was shot, Luo Zheng could block it. At most, he would be injured.
When the hurricane stopped, he would naturally be able to take the initiative.
Seeing Luo Zheng's confident appearance, Ling Kuang actually felt a little guilty. What if he really blocked all of them?
"Ling Kuang, use two arrows. One for the head, one for the dantian," Demon Drink suddenly suggested.
Demon Drink didn't understand the principle behind the Sealing Stone Solution, but she knew that if Luo Zheng could block the first arrow, he could also block the second. The hurricane could only blow for the time it took to burn a stick of incense. Once the wind stopped, they would be the ones to run.
Right now, they could only do their best and fight with everything they had.
Ling Kuang nodded. Her fingers pulled again, and another blue arrow was nocked on the longbow.
In the hurricane, wild energy flowed with the wind …
A member of the Liyuan Tribe was swept up into the sky. Seeing this scene in the black fog, his large eyes were wide open.
Naturally, he didn't think that there would be someone fighting in this damned hurricane.
Luo Zheng saw Ling Kuang use two arrows, and the corner of his mouth twitched.
It seemed that relying on the Sealing Stone Solution to block Ling Kuang's attack was somewhat unrealistic …
"You also have times when you're afraid." Demon Drink noticed Luo Zheng's expression.
Luo Zheng sighed softly. "Forget it. A lion uses its full strength to catch a rabbit. I shouldn't hold back against you guys."
"A lion catching a rabbit? You don't think you're that lion, do you? " Ling Kuang narrowed her eyes. The two arrows were already aimed at Luo Zheng's head and abdomen. With her strength, there was no possibility of missing at this distance.
Only the Hive Banshees and a few flying races could fight in the hurricane. Even if Luo Zheng had a trump card, it would be difficult to threaten them. Thus, Demon Drink and Ling Kuang didn't panic.
The moment Ling Kuang released the bowstring, a rhombus-shaped spiky ball appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
The Nirvana Power of this rhombus-shaped spiky ball wasn't strong, but immediately after, a green feather floated out from this rhombus-shaped spiky ball.
The feather seemed to be carved from feathers, vivid and lifelike.
The moment this feather appeared, two huge green wings appeared behind Luo Zheng's back.
The shadow of this wing, which was more than a thousand feet wide, flashed and disappeared …
It was just a glimpse, but Ling Kuang and Demon Drink could clearly feel its strength. This strength wasn't the difference in strength, but the difference in instincts. It was the difference between a lower level person and a higher level person!
The Golden Crow Clan was the king of birds. What in this world could frighten them to such an extent?
The two arrows from the South Sky Bow arrived in an instant. However, when they were inches away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly twisted his body and flew up with the wind. He easily dodged the two arrows, and then his whole body suddenly stopped in the air!
Although Ling Kuang and Demon Drink could fly with the wind, they could only fly with the wind and control their direction. They couldn't fly against the wind, and they couldn't stand in the air in the wind. This hurricane had the power of thousands of catties!
Because Luo Zheng suddenly stopped in the air, the two Banshees rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely high speed.
They didn't have time to react, nor did they have time to adjust their direction. Two pairs of frightened beautiful eyes reflected the sharpness of Luo Zheng's sword.
He pulled out his sword and swung it to the left and right.
The two Banshees had already passed by Luo Zheng.
In a breath's time, Demon Drink and Ling Kuang had already flown three kilometers. They still maintained their original movements, their faces frozen with disbelief and shock.
"Puchi …"
Two streaks of blood blossomed on their delicate white necks. The two women's heads had already separated from their bodies.
As the hurricane blew, their stiff bodies couldn't maintain their balance. Their heads and bodies floated further and further away …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The hurricane continued to blow wildly.
Luo Zheng stood in place, allowing the powerful hurricane to sweep over his body.

Chapter 3036
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Phoenix was kneeling at a corner with her eyes closed in meditation. At the moment when Yao Drink and Ling Kuang died, Phoenix's eyes opened abruptly.
Layers of baleful aura surged out. Everyone could feel this layer of fury from Phoenix.
There were three other banshees beside Phoenix. These three banshees were also shocked!
"Yao Drink and Ling Kuang died at the same time?"
"That's not possible!"
"How could that brat be so strong?"
The few banshees were conversing with each other via voice transmissions. Their faces were filled with disbelief.
Phoenix Maiden's face was gloomy. Dark clouds covered her face as if water could drip from it.
The Banshees of the Divine Nest were connected by bloodline. No matter how far apart they were, as long as a banshee died, they would be able to sense it.
Even if Feng Ge and Yan Fei died, they would still be able to sense it.
"Phoenix, what's wrong?" A leader of the Divine Farmer Clan replied via voice transmission.
"Yao Drink and Ling Kuang have died." Phoenix replied.
"How is that possible!" The leader of the Divine Farmer Clan exclaimed.
The leaders of the You Xiong Clan and Min Yue Clan frowned.
"None of them have entered the core area. The possibility of them dying in the outer perimeter is very small …" That old man from the You Xiong Clan said.
When everyone entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, a huge array appeared in front of the leaders. A huge mirror floated out from the array. This mirror covered the core area of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
They could not see what was happening in the outer perimeter of the Chaotic Origin Great World. But they could see everything happening in the core area clearly.
Currently, no one had stepped into the core area. Everyone was roaming around the outer perimeter of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
The outer perimeter was vast. The opponents they would meet would not be too strong. For existences like Yao Drink and Ling Kuang, the possibility of them dying was very low …
If they were killed at the same time, it could only mean that they had met a strong opponent.
Phoenix did not reply to the leader of the You Xiong Clan …
She gently spread out her hands. Many golden veins flowed along her arms.
Phoenix, as the master of the Divine Nest, had a clearer understanding of the Golden Crow bloodline than the other banshees. She wanted to go back to what Demon Drinker and Ling Kuang had seen before their deaths.
Phoenix forcefully activated the ability. She could feel the black fog surging around her. She was flying at an extremely high speed, and a longsword was slashing across her neck.
"It's him!"
"It's that damn brat!"
"How can he stand in such a strong wind?"
Phoenix suddenly opened her eyes and stared viciously at Qiu Yinhe.
When experts of their level reacted together, it was almost a sign that they were about to attack.
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the other leaders of the Heavenly Palace looked at Phoenix in confusion.
However, they weren't afraid of Phoenix …
Lin Zhanting stared back and asked in confusion, "Old Qiu, what's wrong with Phoenix?"
"The bloodline of the Golden Crow Clan is connected. An important banshee should have died." Qiu Yinhe was a smart person. He deduced the truth in an instant.
"Was she killed by our Heavenly Palace disciples?" Lin Zhanting asked with a smile.
"Should be." Qiu Yinhe nodded.
They could predict that this time, You Xiong, Golden Crow, and the other clans would act against the Heavenly Palace disciples.
It seemed that the Jinwu had acted in advance. However, they were killed by the Heavenly Palace disciples. Furthermore, the banshee that was killed should be an important banshee of the Beehive!
After Qiu Yinhe finished speaking, his gaze landed on the mirror in front of him.
Eventually, everyone would have to enter the core region of the Chaotic Origin Great World. At that time, there would be another bloody storm.
He wasn't worried about the You Xiong Clan and the Jinwu. Instead, he was worried about that black-robed young man from the black ship. That black-robed young man's hostility towards Luo Zheng was obvious. It would be another fierce battle.
…
…
Amidst the strong wind, several non-humans were moving with the wind. They allowed the wind to carry them forward.
When they saw Luo Zheng standing amidst the wind, their eyes widened.
It was hard to imagine how Luo Zheng could resist this damnable wind …
'A single feather of the Wing Monarch could allow me to evade a hurricane with the force of several thousand Divine Jun. How strong is this Wing Monarch?' Luo Zheng was astonished.
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could not evade that fatal attack.
But after taking out this feather, he could ignore this powerful wind.
This Paramita Token was much more formidable than any other movement technique. He was indeed the strongest expert of a Ruler superpower …
"Shua!"
"Shua!"
Luo Zheng went against the wind. He did not slow down at all as he headed back to that collapsed cave.
He originally wanted to find the Sumeru Rings of Yao Drink and Ling Kuang. They should have many powerful treasures on them. Even though he could not use them, he could give them to Lan Qing and the Nine Li Tribesmen.
But after the two female demons were killed, they were blown away by the wind. It would be hopeless to find them.
In the collapsed cave, Lan Qing and Chou Xing squeezed into a crack to avoid the wind blowing over their heads.
The wind sliced through the top of the cave like a knife cutting everything. Even though the two of them could stabilize themselves, it was still very uncomfortable.
Lan Qing was originally worried about Luo Zheng. She kept feeling the position of Luo Zheng's soul imprint.
At first, Luo Zheng quickly left her. But after reaching a certain position, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped.
Lan Qing was stunned. She thought that the wind had stopped, but when she looked up, she realized that the wind was blowing as usual. It had not even been half an hour. How could the wind stop?
'Could it be that Brother Luo Zheng rushed into another cave to avoid the wind?' Lan Qing guessed suspiciously.
But just as she was puzzled, Luo Zheng went against the wind and flew towards her.
After sensing the rule of the soul imprint, Lan Qing covered her mouth by reflex.
"Little Sister Lan Qing, what happened to you?" Chou Xing looked at her strangely from the other side.
"Luo Zheng, Brother Luo Zheng is moving towards us." Lan Qing said with a look of disbelief.
"Impossible." Chou Xing shook his head, "Unless he is traveling underground."
"Absolutely not! How can he travel at such a speed underground? He should be flying in the sky! "Lan Qing said with certainty.
Chou Xing chuckled, "Little Sister Lan Qing, don't speak nonsense. Nobody can go against this wind. Even Luo Zheng with his remarkable abilities can't do it."
Only Chaotic Origin Realm experts were qualified to possess a strength of several thousand Divine Jun. Logically speaking, Chou Xing did not believe it. But looking at Lan Qing's confident expression, he was slightly puzzled.
'He is about to save us …' Lan Qing sensed that Luo Zheng was not far from this collapsed cave.

Chapter 3037
Bloody
Chou Xue was completely dumbfounded. He stared at Luo Zheng speechlessly.
Luo Zheng had truly flown over from above …
Even if he was in this collapsed cavern, the hurricane was still powerful. If it was Chou Xue who was standing there, he would definitely be swept up.
But looking at Luo Zheng, how could he be affected by the hurricane?
Lan Qing was much calmer than Chou Xue. From the start, she thought that Luo Zheng had flown over against the hurricane. As for how Luo Zheng could fly over, she was too lazy to think about it.
"Brother Luo Zheng … how did you do it?" Chou Xue could not help but ask after a long time.
"By relying on a Paramita Token." Luo Zheng answered.
"A Paramita Token …"
What kind of Paramita Token could reach such a stage?
Even transcendent-grade treasures from the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm could not do it, right?
Chou Xue was extremely curious, but he did not probe further.
The Nirvana Realm token was the biggest secret of every Nirvana Realm expert. Although there were many people in the mother world who categorized the Nirvana Realm tokens, there were still many Nirvana Realm tokens that were unknown to others. Once these Nirvana Realm tokens were used, they could have unexpected effects.
"Big Brother Luo Zheng, where are those two demonesses? Have they been blown away by the wind? "Lan Qing asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head: "They have been killed by me."
This casual answer caused Chou Xue's eyelids to twitch. But thinking about it, it was not too much.
Luo Zheng's strength did not lose out to those two demonesses. Furthermore, he could move freely within the hurricane. With such a huge advantage, who could escape from Luo Zheng?
"Hu, hu, hu …"
Not long later, the hurricane gradually calmed down.
Chou Xue and Lan Qing also came out from the crack.
They dealt with the treasures left behind by the few outsiders. The treasures in the Sumeru Ring were distributed to Lan Qing and Chou Xue.
Lan Qing took more. She had no use for them. But the treasures in the hands of her brothers were too simple and crude. Naturally, they needed them urgently. As for Luo Zheng, he did not take any.
Following that, Luo Zheng took out the Chaotic Origin Spirits and began distributing them.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had planned to give some to the Moon Spirit Clan and the Sirius Clan. However, since they had already perished, they had helped Luo Zheng save some.
Luo Zheng kept 160 over Chaotic Origin Spirits for himself. Lan Qing and Chou Xue took 70 each.
"From the looks of it, we don't even need to enter the core region of the Chaotic Origin Great World to gather all the Chaotic Origin Spirits." Chou Ying laughed.
Chaotic Origin Spirits were very rare in the outer perimeter of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Smashing a mountain would usually yield one or two Chaotic Origin Spirits. Luo Zheng had achieved the same result after smashing so many rocks. Most of the time, he did not gain anything.
But this cavern was indeed unique. That Queen Ant had used some unknown method to lure so many Chaotic Origin Spirits over. It could be considered as helping Luo Zheng and the others in collecting the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
"This little bit of Chaotic Origin Spirit is ultimately not enough. We still need to head deeper into the Chaotic Origin Great World." Chou Xue suggested.
Luo Zheng nodded too.
He sensed those soul imprints and discovered that even though Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and the Nine Li Clansmen had been sent far away by the hurricane, they were all moving closer to the center of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Ling Shuang and Feng Ge attempted to move closer to him. But the hurricane would only last for an incense worth of time. They would be blown away after a short distance. It was truly too difficult. It was pure luck for them to reach where Luo Zheng was. Hence, they naturally gave up.
The hurricane in the Chaotic Origin Great World revolved from south to north. Hence, they naturally flew towards the west.
The three of them flew for about an incense worth of time before Chou Xue looked up at the black fog above them. He said: "The hurricane is coming again."
The hurricane came without any warning. Yet it was very punctual.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of being blown away by the hurricane. But he and Lan Qing had to find a place to hide.
Luo Zheng glanced at the barren land around him. Without saying a word, he charged downwards and smashed into the ground.
"Dong!"
Under this ferocious smashing, a several meters deep hole was formed in the ground.
Using the method of digging a hole to hide from the hurricane was something Luo Zheng had thought of long ago. But previously, he had just entered the Chaotic Origin Great World and did not have a clear direction. Hence, he decided to just follow the wind.
The three of them tunneled into the hole to hide for an incense worth of time before exiting the hole and continuing their journey west.
After a period of grinding, the clansmen who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World gradually understood that the chances of digging out a Chaotic Origin Spirit from the periphery were too low. Hence, most of them started moving closer to the core region.
Some of them had traveled for half a day only to be blown further and further away by the hurricane.
After pondering for a while, they roughly thought of the same method as Luo Zheng. That was to dig a hole in the ground to hide temporarily. Once the hurricane was over, they would continue their journey.
Luo Zheng discovered three to four dug holes along the way. They did not even have to dig their own holes. Instead, they could directly enter and hide.
An hour later, a short mountain appeared below Luo Zheng.
This short mountain had been scorched by flames. The mountain was filled with sword scars. Some places were even riddled with holes. Clearly, an intense battle had occurred here.
"Let's go down and take a look." Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng's figure sank downwards. Lan Qing and Chou Xue followed closely behind.
Due to the hurricane, those scattered traces had been completely blown away. If someone had died, their corpse would have been swept away by the hurricane.
But with a slight sweep of his Spiritual Sense, he discovered an enormous cave behind this mountain.
The three of them climbed to the back of the mountain. Just as they arrived at the entrance of the cave, a thick stench of blood drifted over.
After entering the cave, the three of them were stunned by the scene before them.
Dozens of non-human corpses were strewn across the ground. Many of them were badly mutilated and died in a miserable manner.
Chou Xue swept his gaze twice before his eyebrows twitched, "It's Wang Kou from the Great Brightness Mountain!"
His figure flickered as he rushed towards the edge of the cave. The corpse of a Heavenly Palace disciple was embedded in a crack in the wall. Half of his body had been destroyed, but his facial features could still be vaguely discerned.
Chou Xue was also from the Great Brightness Mountain, so he was naturally acquainted with Wang Kou. Wang Kou was also an outstanding disciple of the Great Brightness Mountain. Chou Xue's heart ached when he saw his corpse.
"I don't know who did this, but their methods were so cruel …" Luo Zheng sized up the corpses. These people had all lost their spatial rings.
Not only had the culprit killed them, but they had also stolen their goods.
To be able to kill so many people, their strength had to be extremely outstanding. But those who could do this were all proud and aloof individuals.
Not only had they killed people on purpose, but they had also stolen their spatial rings like bandits …
The figure of Evil Deities appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. This was completely in line with his style of doing things.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, a pained groan came from not too far away.
Chou Xue was still collecting Wang Kou's corpse when Luo Zheng immediately rushed over. What he saw was the massive body of a Liyuan Tribe member.

Chapter 3038
Pursuit
The blood on the body of this Li Yuan Clan member had already stopped flowing. But there was still a finger-sized black four-legged snake sticking to the wound. This little snake was clearly formed from energy.
When he heard the footsteps of Luo Zheng, he turned over like a bird startled by the twang of a bow.
After seeing Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a look of terror. His tall and sturdy body curled up into a ball.
The Li Yuan Clan was a relatively powerful superpower. This clan was extremely perfect, and they had the protection of the Spirit Abyss Clan in the Paramita World. They were the most likely superpower to become a Ruler civilization.
They looked down on all other races and were extremely proud.
But when this Li Yuan Clan member saw Luo Zheng, this human, he was actually terrified to such an extent. It was like a prey seeing a hunter.
"What happened here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Li Yuan Clan member originally thought that Luo Zheng was here to take his life. But when he heard this question, he discovered that Luo Zheng did not have any huge enmity towards him. He was startled for a moment before replying: "That fellow … that human, that human who calls himself the Evil Deities, after entering this place, he started killing indiscriminately!"
It was the Evil Deities …
This answer indeed verified Luo Zheng's premonition.
Even though many races would slaughter each other in the Chaotic Origin Great World, everyone was scattered.
The majority of them would maintain reverence towards unfamiliar opponents. As long as the two races did not have a feud, they would even choose to work together.
The scale of this cavern was much bigger than the cavern Chou Xue and the others discovered. There were also many more races here.
Most people could not slaughter so many people …
"The Evil Deities are very strong, but he could not kill so many people at once. Why didn't you all escape?" Luo Zheng asked.
Even if a hurricane blew, these races could still escape.
Being brought away by the hurricane was still better than dying in the hands of the Evil Deities.
When this was mentioned, the Li Yuan Clan member's expression turned even more solemn. "His, his Paramita Token is too strange! That is a world! He is like a fish in water in that world. We can't escape at all. We can only be played to death by him! If not for my Paramita Token being the Fake Death Beast, I would have died without a doubt! "
The Fake Death Beast was a kind of Nirvana Realm creature that lived in the Eleventh Heaven.
The living creatures in the Nirvana Realm were difficult to tame, but the Abyss Spirit Clan controlled the Eleventh Heaven, so they naturally had their ways.
However, the Faking Death Beast itself was not powerful, and very few people would fuse with this Paramita Keepsake.
Back then, the Liyuan Clan had asked Ear Mouse to help them auction off the fake-dead beasts. Even though the price was quite reasonable, they didn't manage to sell many of them.
Some Paramita Realm experts would choose to fuse with a Fake Death Beast after cultivating the second type of True Dao Intent. Once this Paramita Realm Token was activated, the aura in the inner world and the aura in the dantian would be blocked, and the entire person would enter a state of fake death.
Regardless of whether he used his soul perception or other means to investigate, he was completely dead.
The Evil Deities had slaughtered so many clansmen at once that he didn't even bother to investigate them one by one. The Evil Deities didn't care if some escaped.
Thus, this Liyuan clansman managed to escape with his life ….
However, the black four-legged snakes stuck to his wounds were still tormenting him to the point where he wished he was dead. It was not an easy task to peel off these four-legged snakes.
"A world …."
Luo Zheng's pupils flickered slightly, and at the same time, he asked, "Brother Chou, have you heard of a similar Paramita Keepsake?"
The Instrument of Civilization wasn't a world. It represented a civilization and was connected to the entire Green Jade City.
With the help of the Green Jade Spirit, Luo Zheng could get the help of the entire Green Jade Civilization. Thus, in the hurricane, the Green Jade Spirit took out the Wing King's feather from the Instrument of Civilization.
"Blood Descends," Chou Xue spat out four words.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"The Mountain Master of Taiming Mountain has a descend-type Paramita Keepsake, but what descends is not something, but a special world," Chou Xue continued, "Such a Paramita Keepsake can only be possessed by the strongest in the mother world. What kind of Evil Deities are these …."
"It's that black-clothed young man," Luo Zheng said.
Chou Xue stared blankly at Luo Zheng for a few breaths of time. In the end, that black-clothed young man didn't mention his name in public.
Thinking about how such a terrifying existence could be born in Luo Zheng's inner world, he was speechless. It was really a monster born of a monster.
"These Evil Deities are only active in the Thirteen Heavens of the Colored Realm. I'm afraid the possibility of obtaining such a Paramita Keepsake is not high," Chou Xue said, shaking his head.
Luo Zheng looked at the black four-legged snakes, and then asked, "Do you want me to help you get them off?"
"Don't! Don't touch them! I'll slowly refine them myself! "The Liyuan clansman's face darkened when he heard Luo Zheng's request.
The characteristics of these four-legged snakes were extremely strange. When they were peeled off, there would be unbearable pain. Even someone as strong as the Liyuan clansman couldn't bear it. He had only refined four of them gradually, but he still had more than ten four-legged snakes on him. He could only spend time refining them bit by bit.
If Luo Zheng were to forcefully pull them off, he would most likely faint from the pain.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to refine these four-legged snakes. It was indeed inconvenient for him to do so since the Liyuan clansmen were still on guard against him.
After shrugging his shoulders, Luo Zheng brought Lan Qing and Chou Xue out of the cave.
"Brother Luo Zheng, this Evil Deities is so talented. Why didn't you notice it in your inner world?" At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, this doubt had been hidden in the heart of Chou Xue. Now, he finally had the chance to ask.
Everyone had absolute control over their inner world. Luo Zheng was no exception.
"Of course I noticed it. Furthermore, he even schemed against me and tried to kill me." Luo Zheng chuckled.
Lan Qing and Chou Xue both widened their eyes. Such a fellow was truly daring. They had never seen such a weirdo in their inner worlds.
"However, he also helped me stabilize my inner world and helped me a lot." Luo Zheng said, "I fulfilled my promise and released him."
Luo Zheng did not expect that the innate nature of the Evil Deities did not change at all. After leaving his inner world, they became even more ferocious. Everything was fate.
Chou Xue did not continue asking.
He felt that it was definitely abnormal for the Evil Deities to be so strong. It should be related to Luo Zheng's inner world.
But if he continued asking, it might involve some of Luo Zheng's secrets. Luo Zheng might not be able to answer him.
After exiting the cave, the three of them continued heading towards the core region. They dug another hole in the ground and waited for the hurricane to pass.
When the hurricane stopped, the three of them crawled out of the cave.
At this moment, Lan Qing and Luo Zheng sensed something at the same time. They exchanged glances with each other.
In their senses, Feng Ge and Huo Ze appeared 250 kilometers to the south. They were currently rushing towards them.

Chapter 3039
Perilous Situation
The situation of Huo Ze and Feng Ge was worse than what Luo Zheng and Lan Qing had imagined.
When Feng Ge first entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was still relatively smooth.
After she was brought far away by the hurricane, she wanted to turn back to look for Luo Zheng. But as the hurricane blew on her again and again, the distance between her and Luo Zheng grew further and further.
In the end, she was blown more than half a million kilometers away by the hurricane. She was almost at the other end of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Helpless, Feng Ge could only explore by herself.
Being the strongest person in the Supreme Lineage Palace, she was naturally not weak.
Along the way, she encountered several dangers. She even met a Jinwu Banshee.
Feng Ge was originally one of the two people targeted by You Xiong and the Golden Crow Clan. And Feng Ge was viewed as a traitor of the Phoenix Nest by the Banshee. She treated him like an enemy. Naturally, she would be enraged when she met him.
She did not spend much effort to kill that Banshee.
After exploring the Chaotic Origin Great World for several hours, Feng Ge even obtained three Spirits of Chaotic Origin.
According to the judgment of ordinary people, she should be heading towards the core area.
After all, the core area was much smaller than the outer area. Eventually, all the disciples of the great clans would gather there. Luo Zheng was no exception.
Yet she was thinking of meeting up with Luo Zheng. She made an extremely bold decision. She actually drifted along with the wind.
Every time a hurricane blew, she would be swept away by at least 60,000 to 70,000 kilometers away. During this process, she even utilized her movement technique to increase her speed!
After dozens of such movements, she actually circled around the entire Chaotic Origin Great World once …
And Huo Ze followed the rules. Just like the others, he would occasionally dig a hole to hide from the hurricane. Once the hurricane stopped, he would continue his journey.
He originally wanted to meet up with Lan Qing. But after using his soul imprint, he discovered that Lan Qing had met up with Luo Zheng. He was no longer in a rush. Under the protection of Luo Zheng, it should be the safest.
Not long after, Huo Ze ran into the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, Ye Shang, and the group led by Ye Shang grew larger and larger.
Ye Shang did not know where Huo Ze came from, but since he came on the airship of Greater One Mountain, and followed closely behind Luo Zheng, Ye Shang regarded him as a disciple of Greater One Mountain, and naturally invited Huo Ze to accompany him.
This group of disciples of the Heavenly Palace was very successful. Along the way, other disciples of the Heavenly Palace were constantly joining them. Gradually, the group grew to more than a dozen people.
Most of the clansmen and disciples of the other forces were acting alone. No one would dare to provoke such a team.
When they encountered some relatively powerful clansmen, these clansmen would avoid them …
Ye Shang's goal was clear. He did not wish to waste any time on the road. Instead, he focused on heading towards the core region of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Although his rallying power in the Heavenly Palace was not as great as Chou Xue's, his strength was there, and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace listened to him.
However, when they were 50,000 kilometers away from the core area, they finally ran into trouble.
A team formed by the Divine Farmer Clan, the You Xiong Clan, and the Minyue Clan encountered them.
Ye Shang was also designated as a target to be eliminated. He was ranked third in the second tier!
When the two parties met, there was not much dispute before they started killing each other.
Ye Shang was extremely strong, but the other party had many elites. Three to four of them surrounded Ye Shang. Ye Shang was severely injured, and he created a hurricane. The other disciples of the Heavenly Palace also rode on the hurricane to escape.
The disciples of You Xiong and Shinno could only drill into the ground and wait for the hurricane to subside. But there were three elites who followed the hurricane.
After the hurricane stopped, the three elites landed on the ground and started chasing again. They really caught up with several unlucky disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
And Huo Ze was one of the unluckier ones …
The three elites of You Xiong and Shinno naturally treated Huo Ze as a disciple of the Heavenly Palace. Huo Ze ran all the way, but he did not know what to say. He could not possibly argue with the You Xiong Clan that he came from the Nine Li Clan right? That was an action of seeking death!
But not long after Huo Ze escaped, he coincidentally met Feng Ge who was passing by.
Feng Ge did not hesitate. He immediately helped Huo Ze deal with the three elites of You Xiong and Shinno.
With Huo Ze's help, Feng Ge became fiercer and fiercer as the fight went on. Eventually, Feng Ge was slightly stronger than the other three.
When the three of them were about to give up, another You Xiong Clan disciple rushed over. This one was way more powerful than his peers. With a pair of blades, he forced Feng Ge into a dangerous situation with a few moves.
At last, Feng Ge and Huo Ze had no choice but to turn around and run. Of course, they didn't run blindly.
Feng Ge took a long detour in order to approach Luo Zheng. They were running in opposite directions, and the distance between them was shortening!
Behind Feng Ge, a young man in a white robe was flying at a high speed. The pair of blades in his hands had been sparkling with a cold light. He said, "I have heard about Phoenix in You Xiong Family. Today's fight is indeed worthy of your reputation. Why do you still want to avoid the fight?"
This young man in a white robe was named Yu Yunze. He was not born in the main branch of You Xiong Family.
Although he was an outsider, he was still valued by the You Xiong Family because of his great talent. Among all You Xiong Family people, he was ranked in the top three, and had high hopes.
As a branch family member of You Xiong Family, Ji Hao needed to work harder and work harder to stand on the same starting line as You Xiong Family people.
Yu Yunze clearly understood that killing Feng Ge would be a great contribution!
Right now, he had a huge opportunity!
He had to act fast. Before long, the hurricane would rise, and by then, it wouldn't be so easy to catch up with Feng Ge.
"Buzz!"
Yu Yunze lightly patted his head, and a small paper boat appeared above his head. After this paper boat carried Yu Yunze, its speed increased greatly, leaving behind the few elite clansmen behind him. At the same time, it quickly closed the distance between Feng Ge and Huo Ze.
"No matter how hard you try, it's futile. Why do you have to …"
While speaking, he leaped off the paper boat. His pair of blades crossed in front and back, leaving shreds of afterimages in the air as he hacked towards Feng Ge's back.
Feng Ge frowned. The King of Stone Hill floating above her head slapped down with one hand!
As a descending Nirvana token, the King of Stone Hill was not to be underestimated.
How would Yu Yunze dare to take it head-on?
However, because of the paper boat, Yu Yunze's body movement was extremely powerful.
Facing the King of Stone Hill's attack, he didn't even try to dodge. Instead, his body swayed slightly and he was already in front of Feng Ge. The two blades cut towards Feng Ge's neck.
Feng Ge was shocked. She leaned back and barely dodged the attack. However, she had already lost her balance.
Yu Yunze wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
Huo Ze saw that Feng Ge was in danger. He turned around and wanted to help. However, the three elite warriors from You Xiong and Shinno also caught up and surrounded Huo Ze. Huo Ze couldn't even protect himself. How could he help Feng Ge?
"Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! "
Yu Yunze's dual blades danced in the air as Feng Ge dodged in an extremely awkward manner, cutting a sorry figure.
How dangerous was it to pass through the blades?
After forcing Feng Ge to retreat a few hundred feet, Feng Ge finally made an irreversible mistake. Yu Yunze took advantage of this mistake and hacked down.
If this attack landed, Feng Ge would be cut in half.
At this moment, a rainbow-colored light shot out and crashed onto Yu Yunze's blade at a terrifying speed.
"Clang!"

Chapter 3040
Yu Yunze's palm turned into a claw and grabbed at the flying saber.
An unseen force was exerted on the saber, forcibly pulling it back into his hand.
But Feng Ge made use of this opportunity to retreat, pulling a distance away from Yu Yunze.
When Feng Ge saw Luo Zheng, her eyes turned red and she pounced forward.
At that moment, Feng Ge really thought that she was going to die.
She did not encounter any setbacks in the Heaven Palace. The first time was in the Hidden Domain. But her memory flame was disrupted in the Hidden Domain. By the time she recovered, everything was already in the past. Feng Ge was able to calm down and digest the memories in her mind.
To Feng Ge, such memories were not that deep …
After entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, she wanted to meet up with Luo Zheng. For this, she did not hesitate to waste time going around the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But in the end, she almost died …
She could not blame Luo Zheng for this, but she still blamed Luo Zheng for the grievances she felt in her heart.
Facing Feng Ge's pounce, Luo Zheng was also stunned.
But it was indeed a close shave. If he had been a little later, Feng Ge would have been sliced into pieces by those two sabers.
Luo Zheng hugged Feng Ge in his arms and patted her back, comforting her softly.
Yu Yunze held onto the two sabers. When he saw Luo Zheng, he sneered and shouted, "What a hero saving the beauty. You appeared at the right time!"
Luo Zheng pushed Feng Ge behind him and said coldly, "This is the second time …"
Yu Yunze and the others were stunned. They did not understand what Luo Zheng meant.
"This is the second time you have offended me." Luo Zheng continued, "Ling Kuang and Yao Yue from Jinwu were the first. You guys … are the second."
Hearing Luo Zheng's reply, Yu Yunze frowned slightly.
Ling Kuang and Yao Yue were the two strongest Banshees in Jinwu. They were not weak. At least, they were not weaker than Yu Yunze.
If Luo Zheng had encountered these two banshees before, he would have been a dead man …
How could he still be standing here perfectly fine?
"You encountered Ling Kuang and Monster Drink? Will they let you go? "Yu Yunze asked coldly. For some reason, Yu Yunze had a bad premonition.
Before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, both You Xiong and Shinno treated the disciples of the Heaven Palace as prey. This time, these clansmen were not only aiming to break through to the Chaotic Origin Realm, they were also going to kill everyone on the hunting list!
Every time they killed a person, the clan would reward them handsomely.
Especially Luo Zheng and Feng Ge!
With Monster Drink and Ling Yi's personalities, they would never let Luo Zheng go so easily, unless … they were dead.
"Of course not." The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. "They are already dead."
Hearing this answer, the elite clansmen of You Xiong and Shen Nong trembled slightly and retreated slightly, their vigilance increasing greatly.
To be able to kill Goblin Drinker and Ling Kuang …
To them, this was an extremely troublesome opponent.
Yu Yunze's eyebrows rose slightly. He sneered: "Aren't you afraid of blowing your own trumpet! You think you can scare us with just a sentence? Aren't you too naive? "
But at this moment, Feng Ge said: "So they are the ones who died … no wonder my bloodline sensed that two from the Jinwu had fallen!"
The banshees in the Phoenix Nest could sense each other's existence. Phoenix could sense Feng Ge, and Feng Ge could naturally sense Monster Drink and Ling Kuang too. Even though she could sense them, she did not put it to heart. After all, these banshees had nothing to do with her. Not only that, she even hated them. She hoped that they would all die.
The clansmen of You Xiong and Shen Nong knew that the Phoenix Nest Banshees' Golden Crow bloodline had this ability. Feng Ge's words had verified Luo Zheng's words. The elite disciples of the two clans took another step back.
Seeing his clansmen retreating, Yu Yunze revealed a look of anger.
Losing the battle before losing the person was a huge taboo! This group of fellows were simply useless!
"What are you afraid of? This Feng Ge is in cahoots with that Luo Zheng. How could you believe her words? You are all fools! " Yu Yunze turned to Luo Zheng and sneered: "This kind of person is just a coward. The more he brags, the more guilty he is. His goal is to make us retreat!"
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would shake his head slightly: "That is not what I meant."
"You want to beg for mercy? Haha, I'm afraid that's impossible! "Yu Yunze laughed.
Everyone had seen it at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Fuxi was protecting this brat from Heaven Palace. It was inconvenient for them to act outside.
Under the precondition of not falling out with him, it was the best opportunity to get rid of Luo Zheng in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"No." Luo Zheng continued shaking his head. A strand of sharpness could be seen deep in his eyes, "I want to tell you that those who offend me must die. You Xiong, Shennong, Golden Crow, Min Yue, none from these four clans should think of reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm!"
Yu Yunze and the other elites were startled. As for Lan Qing, Chou Xue, Feng Ge and the others, they felt exceptionally delighted. They did not expect that Luo Zheng would have such a domineering side to him.
Domineering was supported by strength. Without sufficient strength, that would be arrogant!
Yu Yunze felt that something was amiss. His intuition told him that he had offended someone he should not have offended.
But given his position, he could not retreat. Regardless of strength or aura, he would not allow himself to lose. But at this moment, the black fog above the Chaotic Origin Great World started surging once again.
A hurricane rose. This battle was about to end.
Yu Yunze revealed a helpless smile: "It seems that the battle between us will have to be pushed back to the core zone of the Chaotic Origin Great World …"
The wind would soon blow them apart. They would not be able to fight this time.
By the time they reached the core zone of the Chaotic Origin Great World, Di An and Meng Hua would be waiting there. So what if this brat was strong? Wouldn't he die if he met them?
Yu Yunze let out a sigh of relief unknowingly …
Shennong, You Xiong and the other elite disciples were even worse. Some even let out a long sigh of relief.
But Luo Zheng suddenly turned his head and said: "Chou Xue, bring Feng Ge and the others to dig a hole and wait for me …"
Feng Ge and Huo Ze did not understand what was going on. It seemed that Luo Zheng did not intend to give up?
But the hurricane was about to arrive. What was he planning to do?
Lan Qing and Chou Xue immediately understood what Luo Zheng was planning to do.
He could move freely within the hurricane. He had a huge advantage. Killing these idiots would be easy!
Chou Xue did not hesitate. He directly created a huge hole in the ground.
But Feng Ge still said worriedly: "Luo Zheng, once the wind blows, you will run away again. This isn't too good …"
It was not easy for her to reunite with Luo Zheng. Naturally, she was not willing for Luo Zheng to leave.

Chapter 3041
Begging
Even though Feng Ge was filled with doubts, he still jumped into the pit with Chou Xue and the others.
Yu Yunze saw that Luo Zheng was still standing outside the huge pit. He felt puzzled.
What was this brat trying to do?
Was he planning to chase after him in the hurricane?
He glanced at Chou Xue's smiling face and felt even more panicked.
It was impossible to fight in the hurricane. Could it be that Luo Zheng had some special technique that allowed him to stand in the hurricane easily?
It wasn't just Yu Yunze. The other elites were also panicking.
As the black fog surged more and more violently, the hurricane started rolling again.
"Hu hu hu …"
Unsurprisingly, Yu Yunze and the others were dragged into the sky by the hurricane.
At this moment, Luo Zheng leaped lightly and was similarly swept away by the wind.
The hurricane was heading north, but Luo Zheng was actually rushing towards the west. He wasn't affected by the hurricane at all!
Seeing this, Yu Yunze's pupils shrank abruptly.
How could this be?
The elites from You Xiong and Shen Nong also felt their hearts sink.
This hurricane had the strength of 3,000 to 4,000 jun. None of the living beings who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World could resist it.
They would either hide in a cave, dig a hole in the ground, or be swept away by the hurricane. There were almost no exceptions.
Only a few winged living beings could control the direction of the wind. For example, the Golden Crow Clan. But they couldn't go against the wind!
"What is this brat trying to do?"
"Is he chasing after us?"
"He can't catch up. He definitely can't catch up!"
The hurricane was blowing at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, they were swept several kilometers away.
Luo Zheng wasn't affected by the hurricane. Hence, his speed wasn't fast.
But they had forgotten that Luo Zheng could freely control the hurricane!
After rushing towards the west for a distance, he happened to be behind these people. As the feathers on his head flashed with green light, an enormous green-winged illusion appeared faintly on his back.
"Hu!"
Luo Zheng also started moving with the wind.
Not only was he being pushed by the hurricane, his speed had also reached a terrifying level.
In just three to four breaths, he had already caught up with an elite from the Divine Farmer Clan.
Seeing Luo Zheng swooping down like an eagle, this elite's face was filled with horror.
He wanted to counterattack, but it was extremely difficult for him to maintain his posture in this wind. He suddenly turned around and shot two flying shuttles flickering with purple light at Luo Zheng.
This flying shuttle was moving against the wind, so its speed was extremely slow. Luo Zheng's figure slightly lowered and he was able to avoid it.
Just as this elite was about to hurriedly take out the Paramita Token, a sword gleam had already slashed across his body, and he was directly sliced into two halves.
When the other elites saw this scene, their faces were filled with despair.
"Let's split up …"
"If he catches up to us, we'll definitely die!"
They were all moving in the same direction, but the hurricane was blowing chaotically and would indeed scatter them. If he used his movement technique, he would indeed be able to widen the distance between them even faster.
However, Luo Zheng's explosive speed still exceeded their expectations.
Just as they made this decision, Luo Zheng had already appeared behind them. Before the second elite from the Divine Farmer Clan could react, he had already been killed by Luo Zheng's sword.
The remaining two elites realized that there was no way to escape, so they gave up the idea of escaping. They immediately took out their Paramita Tokens and launched a crazy counterattack against Luo Zheng.
But now Luo Zheng was fighting in the hurricane like a fish in water. Even if these two elites fought back with all their strength, it only took a few more breaths of time for Luo Zheng.
PUFF! PUFF! “
As several sword gleams flashed, the two elites were beheaded. Their blood was blown by the hurricane and quickly turned into a cloud of blood mist, which was quickly covered up by the black fog.
Now only Yu Yunze was left …
Yu Yunze had been full of confidence. If he was really confident that he could defeat Luo Zheng, he would have dug a hole in the same place and waited for the hurricane to pass before challenging Luo Zheng again.
However, after hearing Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's words, he had already thought of retreating.
When the hurricane started, he saw Luo Zheng's figure shuttling around casually. He was even more shocked.
Immediately, he activated his body movement technique and ran forward with the wind.
Yu Yunze's body movement technique was already very outstanding. Although it was not as good as the winged creatures like the Jinwu, it was not too far off. Therefore, he left the others far behind from the start.
After running for some distance, he looked back and saw that the few elites who were following him had already been killed. Luo Zheng was rushing towards him at full speed. His speed was one level faster than him!
"So fast …" Yu Yunze's heart skipped a beat.
Naturally, he would not surrender like the others. With a wave of his hands, the two swords connected in front and back. His entire body flipped in the wind.
"Hualala …"
Clusters of sawtooth swords spread out from his body. As he shouted, "Go!", the clusters of swords that were spinning at high speed burst out.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Countless swords shrouded behind him. The power contained in each of the swords was extremely terrifying.
If it was an ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivator, he would definitely dodge if he did not want to be pierced by the swords.
That was Yu Yunze's goal. As long as he could reduce Luo Zheng's speed and get rid of him, it would be fine as long as he could escape.
From the beginning, he had treated the disciples of the Heavenly Palace as prey to hunt down. However, after meeting Luo Zheng, he realized that the roles had been reversed. He was the prey of Luo Zheng.
Moreover, according to Luo Zheng's tone, not only would he kill them, he would also kill the people of the Golden Crow, Shennong, You Xiong, and Minyue Clans …
"Ding ding ding …"
The scene behind him disrupted Yu Yunze's state of mind. What he saw made him suck in a breath of cold air.
Luo Zheng did not even use his sword to block the swords. He directly used his body to withstand the swords and forcefully charged over!
What was his body made of?! Even the elites of the Liyuan Clan could not do this!
"Go to hell!"
Yu Yunze spun even faster and shot out even more swords.
However, this level of attack was futile. It could not even slow down Luo Zheng's speed. Luo Zheng blocked all of them.
Luo Zheng quickly rushed to the top of Yu Yunze. He held a long sword in his hand and looked down at him.
No matter how strong the hurricane was, the hair on his head did not move. The feathers of the Wing King had already made him completely immune to the wind.
"Let me go! I can't die! "Yu Yunze shouted loudly.
In desperation, Yu Yunze could only beg like this.
He was really miserable in his heart …
If it was not for this hurricane, he really had the confidence to fight with Luo Zheng. How would he be at his mercy like this?
"You don't have the chance to regret …" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
He shook his long sword and slashed with the wind.
"Puff …"
As fresh blood bloomed in the sword light, Yu Yunze's corpse floated away with the wind.

Chapter 3042
Main Peak
Feng Ge was originally filled with worry.
After all, she had never seen how Luo Zheng stood in the wind. What if he did not return?
Fortunately, she, Huo Ze, and Lan Qing could sense Luo Zheng's position through their soul imprints.
Luo Zheng was initially traveling with the wind. He seemed normal.
But not long later, Luo Zheng actually started flying against the wind …
"This …" Feng Ge leaned against the corner of the huge pit. He covered his mouth as he looked at Huo Ze and Lan Qing.
There was no need to mention Huo Ze. He was just as shocked as Feng Ge.
Even those experts who had just stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm would find it hard to withstand such a gale, much less travel against the wind.
How did Luo Zheng do it?
But the soul imprint would not make such a mistake. As the gale blew, Luo Zheng was indeed getting closer.
Lan Qing looked at the expression of her brother and Feng Ge before giggling. She then said, "Big Brother Luo Zheng should have killed those people and only returned now …"
Previously, when something like this happened, Lan Qing and Chou Xue had the same reaction as Feng Ge. Naturally, they could understand Feng Ge's current feelings.
Not long later, Luo Zheng stood above the huge pit. He lightly tunneled in.
Luo Zheng's lightly swaying figure contained an indescribable mystery. When Feng Ge saw this, his eyebrows twitched slightly. He asked, "Those people …"
"They have been killed by me." Luo Zheng nonchalantly said.
To Luo Zheng, the gale was a huge help.
One could say that there were no opponents who could fight against him within the gale.
It had only been half an incense of time since the gale started. Luo Zheng had to rush back and kill those people separately.
In such a short time …
Much less the strength of that Yu Yun Ze. Compared to Chou Xue, Feng Ge and the others were not weak.
Feng Ge and Huo Ze looked at Luo Zheng differently.
Previously, they also felt that Luo Zheng was extremely strong, but they also classified him as Chou Xue and Ye Shang. Perhaps Luo Zheng was a little stronger, but not by much.
And now, given the techniques Luo Zheng displayed, it was extremely easy for him to kill geniuses of this level. His strength had risen by an entire level and was comparable to a Chaotic Origin Expert …
Nevertheless, they were clear that Luo Zheng wasn't at the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Chou Xinghe smiled helplessly and rejoiced in his heart.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng stood on the side of the Heavenly Palace. If this brat was born in Jiuli, or even in Shennong, then he would be an extremely terrifying enemy. If he encountered him, then his ending would not be much better than Yu Yunze.
Previously, Feng Ge and Luo Zheng had fought in the Taishi Palace.
Feng Ge could roughly guess that Luo Zheng became stronger because of that 'Tool of Civilization' in the Dark Domain.
Later on, when Eastern Emperor summoned Feng Ge, he had asked Feng Ge to explain in detail what happened in the Dark Domain. After Feng Ge regained his memories, he remembered everything that happened in the Dark Domain clearly.
This Tool of Civilization chose Luo Zheng and not her.
Feng Ge did not feel any regret. If not for Luo Zheng, he would not have been able to walk out of the Dark Domain.
Furthermore, Feng Ge felt gratified when he saw Luo Zheng's growth.
After the group climbed out of the pit, they continued heading towards the core region.
Along the way, they met several other races. These races glanced at Luo Zheng and the others before carefully avoiding them.
The goal of the majority of living beings was to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. They would not engage in meaningless battles. There were even some smaller races that sought protection from Luo Zheng, but they were rejected by Luo Zheng.
Some of the smaller races were closely related to Golden Crow You Xiong and the others. Luo Zheng did not wish to have an unstable factor by his side, just like that Mountain Tomb Clansman.
The core region of the Chaotic Origin Great World was a long ring-shaped mountain range.
The brown mountains were like sharp swords that pierced through the sky.
The tallest Main Peak was located at the center of the ring-shaped mountain range. It was more than 10 million meters tall and had almost reached the top of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"There are several tens of thousands of mountain ranges in the core region. But the majority of the Chaotic Origin Spirits are gathered in the Main Peak and the four surrounding mountains. Of which, the Main Peak has the most Chaotic Origin Spirits." Chou Xue said.
Luo Zheng stood on a rock that was as tall as two people. He looked at that majestic Main Peak before saying: "Then let's directly enter the Main Peak."
Chou Xue shook his head: "Under normal circumstances, we should not consider entering the Main Peak."
"Why is that?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lan Qing and Huo Ze both looked at Chou Xue. Just like Luo Zheng, they knew very little about the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"Chaotic Origin Spirits are Nirvana Lifeforms. They are different from other lifeforms in the Mother World. They are not just independent entities. After devouring each other, they would grow. There is a mother body of a Chaotic Origin Spirit on the Main Peak." Feng Ge explained after Chou Xue.
The mother body was the first pair of Chaotic Origin Spirits that gave birth to the Chaotic Origin Spirits. The longer they stayed in the Mother World, the stronger they would become.
In the early days, there were still people who headed to the Main Peak to excavate the Chaotic Origin Spirits. But as the mother body grew stronger, the Main Peak became more dangerous.
In the recent few decades, very few people headed to the Main Peak to excavate the Chaotic Origin Spirits. After all, it was safer to excavate the Chaotic Origin Spirits from the four surrounding mountains.
"But the majority of the Chaotic Origin Spirits are in the Main Peak. If we don't enter it, wouldn't it be a waste?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
He only knew that there were 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits. Every time the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, there would not be enough Chaotic Origin Spirits to distribute.
Chou Xue chuckled: "It is indeed a waste. The Chaotic Origin Great World is so huge. It is impossible to dig out all the Chaotic Origin Spirits every single time. If we even kill the mother body, I'm afraid we would have to send experts to the Nirvana World to fuse with the Chaotic Origin Spirits before allowing them to descend. That is a very troublesome matter."
In reality, every time the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits that were devoured would not exceed 100,000. Furthermore, the number was decreasing year by year.
But the fewer Chaotic Origin Spirits devoured, the faster the Chaotic Origin Spirits would recover to 200,000. That was why the Chaotic Origin Great World only opened once every 15 years. That was because too many Chaotic Origin Spirits had been devoured, causing the recovery speed to be too slow.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Main Peak that stood tall amidst the black fog. Since Chou Xue and Feng Ge had said so, he temporarily did not have any ideas on the Main Peak.
Other than the Main Peak, there were still four other peaks in the surroundings. And since they were heading from east to west, the first one they encountered would naturally be the East Peak.
"Alright! Our target is the East Peak! "Lan Qing extended her arm towards the East Peak and said.
Huo Ze and Lan Qing were confident of stepping into the Chaotic Origin Realm. After all, they had Luo Zheng standing behind them.
The group smiled knowingly. They then headed towards the East Peak.
But when the group of them headed towards the core region, they chose to take a detour towards the north.
Luo Zheng had already noticed that Ling Shuang's figure was initially drifting about. But after that, she remained fixed in the north-west direction. For several hours, Ling Shuang did not move at all. She should be hiding underground and waiting for him. Luo Zheng felt that this method was very smart. Naturally, he would not abandon Ling Shuang and enter the core region.

Chapter 3043
Provoke
After circling around to the north, it was easy to find Ling Shuang's position according to the soul imprint.
Surprisingly, it wasn't a big hole, but a naturally formed karst cave. There was even an underground water vein in the cave.
When they reached the entrance of the cave, Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Logically speaking, Ling Shuang should have been able to sense his presence. After sensing Luo Zheng's soul imprint approaching, Ling Shuang shouldn't have stayed inside the cave. Now that there was no hurricane, she should have come out to meet him in advance.
However, the soul imprint showed that Ling Shuang had been staying in the cave without moving. This was very abnormal.
A bad premonition arose in his heart. Luo Zheng rushed into the cave first.
The moment he entered the cave, a strong smell of blood assailed his nostrils.
His eyebrows suddenly jumped, and he sped up.
The underground water vein was dyed red with blood. Some severed limbs sank into the water. Some belonged to humans, some belonged to aliens.
Chou Xinghe and the others followed behind. Seeing this scene, their faces were somewhat gloomy.
Before this, they had entered similar caves. Except for one member of the Liyuan Clan, the others had all died.
The only good news now was that Ling Shuang's soul imprint still existed. She was alive, but her condition was hard to say.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng was like a bat shuttling through the night. Even though the cave was very complicated, he could still pass through it at an extremely fast speed.
Ling Shuang, please be safe …
Luo Zheng prayed silently in his heart.
After passing through the karst cave for more than a thousand feet, the scene in front of him made Luo Zheng even more frightened.
More than ten disciples of the Heavenly Palace and hundreds of aliens were piled together in a disorderly manner, forming a small mountain of corpses.
"Brother Gao …"
Luo Zheng saw the edge of the mountain of corpses. Gao Qizheng's eyes were wide open.
His body had already stiffened, and the fear on his face was fixed. He had died a miserable death.
"Ye Shang!"
Chou Xinghe, who was following closely behind Luo Zheng, found Ye Shang's body in the mountain of corpses.
Before Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, Ye Shang and Chou Xun were the two most talented disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Chou Xun and Ye Shang had a good personal relationship. Chou Xun's face was filled with grief when he saw this scene.
He did not expect that with Ye Shang's strength, he would die here before even entering the core area.
Lan Qing looked at Chou Xizhi's sorrowful expression and pursed her lips. She wanted to comfort Chou Xizhi, but she couldn't open her mouth.
Compared to the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, the six people from the Nine Li Tribe were considered lucky.
At the very least, their soul imprints did not disappear. They were still moving around the periphery of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Amongst them, Xian Shi was slowly moving towards them. It was just that his speed was slightly slower due to the hurricane.
Luo Zheng clenches his teeth and pulls out the corpses.
Luo Zheng crudely threw the corpses aside...
After Luo Zheng dug through the mountain of corpses layer by layer, a bloody figure was revealed.
This person was sitting in the same spot. Her long hair was dyed red with blood, and her eyes were tightly shut. She was Ling Shuang.
Above her head was a circle of four-legged snakes. These four-legged snakes formed a circle and occupied the top of her head.
"It's Evil Deities!" Chou Xizhi blurted out when he saw those four-legged snakes.
In another cave, they had seen the exact same four-legged snakes.
Luo Zheng nodded. After inspecting for a while, he let out a sigh of relief.
Ling Shuang was not injured. There were no wounds at all. These four-legged snakes had turned into a living seal, firmly sealing Ling Shuang in this place.
"But how do we remove these four-legged snakes …" Lan Qing frowned.
Previously, when that Li Yuan Tribe member removed the four-legged snakes, he appeared to be in extreme pain. He would rather refine them slowly than let others help him.
"Let me try …" Luo Zheng said.
The four-legged snakes on that Li Yuan Tribe member's body were lying on his wounds. Even though Ling Shuang looked miserable, she was not injured.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and pinched the four-legged snake. With a light squeeze, this four-legged snake was crushed into pieces.
The circle formed by the black four-legged snakes was broken by Luo Zheng. These four-legged snakes immediately reacted and charged towards Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng reacted quickly. He stretched out his hand and slapped out. Immediately, these four-legged snakes were smashed into pieces, turning into streams of energy.
Following that, Ling Shuang's body trembled. Only then did she wake up. Her breathing became hurried as she retreated. At the same time, she screamed: "You, don't come over. You can't kill me …"
Existences like Feng Ge and Ling Shuang had been bestowed with a powerful Hermit Divine Ability before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But it would only be activated at a critical moment. Ling Shuang was no exception.
No matter how strong that fellow was, when the Hermit Divine Ability Grandma implanted in her was activated, that fellow could only flee miserably.
But Ling Shuang did not expect that that person had no intention of killing her at all.
He had only sealed Ling Shuang in place, and then used the corpses to cover her up.
"It's me! Ling Shuang! I am Luo Zheng! "Luo Zheng shouted.
After being sealed for a period of time, Ling Shuang's soul was suddenly opened. Her consciousness could not connect.
When she ascertained the identity of the person in front of her, she bit her lips and pounced towards Luo Zheng …
Feng Ge revealed a strange expression when he saw this. Compared to his encounter, Ling Shuang was clearly more unlucky.
"It's that fellow in your inner world." Ling Shuang said with an aggrieved expression.
"I know." Luo Zheng nodded.
After a long while, Ling Shuang finally calmed down.
"The Evil Deities killed so many people. Why did they spare Her Highness Ling Shuang?" Chou Xinghe asked in confusion.
That Li Yuan Clansman had relied on his own strength to escape. It was not because of the kindness of the Evil Deities.
Ling Shuang was also puzzled …
She had already used all her strength against the Evil Deities. She had even brought out the Paramita Talisman, the Twin Flowers, and executed her Taiyi Sword Technique to its limits. Yet, she was still not a match for this person.
Ling Shuang did not think that she could survive.
"It's a provocation." Luo Zheng stared at Ling Shuang.
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, Ling Shuang stood beside Luo Zheng. Naturally, the Evil Deities could see everything clearly.
Perhaps it was because of this that the Evil Deities did not intend to kill Ling Shuang. Instead, they sealed her under this pile of corpses.
Such an action could only be a provocation …
"Truly perverted." Feng Ge said with a frown.
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with killing intent. It was getting denser and denser. He silently helped Ling Shuang clean up, removing the bloodstains on her body.
Even though he did not say anything, those around him could feel his deep killing intent.
In this Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng would most likely have a battle with the Evil Deities.
But thinking of that fellow's strength, Chou Xinghe and the others felt deeply worried.
After cleaning up the bloodstains, Chou Xinghe kept the corpses of Ye Shang and the other Heaven Palace disciples into his spatial ring. Encountering an unreasonable existence like the Evil Deities was an unexpected calamity.

Chapter 3044
"Ding!"
The remaining four members of the Nine Li Tribe noticed that Luo Zheng, Huo Ze, and Lan Qing had gathered together before rushing towards the Eastern Peak.
Fortunately, most of them had safely passed through the outer perimeter of the Chaotic Origin Great World and were not far from the core region. Even Xian Shi, who was the furthest away from the Great World, only needed to go around the ring-shaped mountain range to reach the core region.
Currently, all the superpowers that entered the Chaotic Origin Great World were also gathering.
You Xiong, Shennong, Golden Crow, and other clans gathered at the Western Peak. The Li Yuan Clan gathered at the Northern Peak. Some smaller clans chose to gather at the Southern Peak.
When Luo Zheng brought Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, and others to the Eastern Peak, more than ten Ear Mice suddenly came out from a huge hole by the side.
These Ear Mice were half the height of a human. Every Ear Mouse had a thick aura. Their bean-sized black eyes were flashing with shrewdness.
"Sir Luo Zheng, this one is Hui Chen. We have been waiting for you for a long time." The leader of the Ear Mice came up. He raised his paw and cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng swept his gaze across these Ear Mice. These Ear Mice seemed to have come prepared. He then asked: "You are waiting for me here?"
"That's right." Hui Chen replied.
"How did you find my location?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Under the hurricane, everyone's location was constantly changing. Luo Zheng naturally felt puzzled.
"Zhi, this …" Hui Chen placed his paw by his mouth and blew a whistle. Not far away, tiny mice were popping their heads out from several fist-sized holes. The Ear Mice laughed, "The Chaotic Origin Great World is not a forbidden zone for living beings. Some Rock Mice have to listen to us."
Due to the nature of the Ear Mice, their individual strength might not be comparable to some of the bigger clans. But their intelligence gathering was unparalleled.
The Rock Mice in the Chaotic Origin Great World were also their eyes and ears.
"So that's the case …" Luo Zheng revealed a relieved expression. At the same time, he asked: "May I know why you are looking for me?"
Luo Zheng had also cooperated with the Ear Mice in the Nirvana Realm. Although the exploration of the Temple of Sky was a failure and even caused the Ear Mice to suffer a great loss, the responsibility was not Luo Zheng's. Moreover, Luo Zheng had even escorted the souls of the Ear Mice who had transformed into infant forms back.
"We would like to invite Sir Luo Zheng to explore the East Peak together," Hui Chen said unhurriedly.
In the Eared Mouse Clan, Luo Zheng was someone worth roping in.
Although they could not prove the relationship between "Tian Xing" and Luo Zheng, from the current evidence, the two were very likely to be the same person. Even if they were not, they should be inextricably linked.
Luo Zheng, Chou Xue, and Feng Ge looked at each other. Feng Ge, Chou Xue, and Ling Shuang nodded slightly.
The Ear Mouse was a race that could not be ignored. Moreover, the information they possessed was extremely useful. It would be much more convenient to travel with them.
But Hui Chen was slightly worried that Luo Zheng would reject them. Her pair of yellow bean eyes stared closely at Luo Zheng.
"It is my honor to travel with you all," Luo Zheng replied.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Ear Mice heaved a sigh of relief.
The Rock Mice living in the Chaotic Origin Great World were very weak. When the hurricane blew, they did not dare to appear. When Luo Zheng killed the Beehive Demoness and You Xiong Tribe's Jade Cloud Ze, the Rock Mice could not see it with their own eyes.
But by comparing the clues before and after, the Ear Mice could easily make the correct judgment.
But this judgment left the Ear Mice puzzled. How did Luo Zheng kill them when the hurricane blew?
What made the Ear Mice even more inconceivable was that Luo Zheng could actually return to his original spot after killing them. That meant that Luo Zheng had returned while facing the hurricane.
This mystery made Hui Chen and the other Ear Mice feel an unbearable itch. But it was too rude to ask about such a secret directly. Luo Zheng might not be willing to tell them. Hui Chen could only endure it.
Perhaps they might have a chance to find out the reason behind it.
Just as the group was about to set off, Luo Zheng asked: "It is indeed convenient for you all to have the Rock Mice as your eyes and ears. I would like to inquire about the movements of two people. I wonder if it is possible for you to inform me?"
Hui Chen gave a 'zhi zhi' chuckle, "Sir Luo Zheng wants to investigate the movements of Luo Yan and Evil Deities, right?"
These Ear Mice were truly astute. They naturally knew where the two people Luo Zheng was most concerned about were. They even knew the black-robed young man's name, Evil Deities.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Li Shan clearly knows about the anomaly in the Chaotic Origin Great World. He is prepared for this violent hurricane. They have already entered the Western Peak." Hui Chen answered, "That Evil Deities is in the North."
"He wants to enter the Northern Peak?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Hui Chen's rat-like face revealed an indescribable expression, "No, he wants to kill."
The Ear Mice had never seen such a bloodthirsty person. Evil Deities was too lazy to excavate the Chaotic Origin Spirit. The only thing he did in the Chaotic Origin Great World was to kill. The problem was that no one could stop him.
Prince Wolf Gu Ke from the Celestial Wolf Clan, Princess Jiu Xuan from the Dream Ling Clan, Son of Heaven Han from the Color Eye Clan … all of them died in his hands.
These people were all top-notch geniuses from those huge clans. After killing so many of them, he did not stop. And now, he was slaughtering the Li Yuan Clansmen …
But to the Ear Mice, this was an advantage.
Evil Deities had killed many of his competitors. And the Ear Mice could avoid this fiend using the Rock Mice. They were safe.
"The Li Yuan Clansmen are extremely strong. This fellow …" Luo Zheng frowned.
Individually, the Li Yuan Clansmen had the best life force, strength, and fleshy body. This clan was tyrannical and powerful. It could not be ignored.
"But the current situation of the Li Yuan Clansmen is not good." Hui Chen shook her head.
…
…
Beneath the Northern Peak …
Fresh blood flowed along the cracks of the rocks like a small stream.
Every Li Yuan Clansman was 30 meters tall. They were like little giants. After the bodies of ten Li Yuan Clansmen were torn apart, their blood flowed like a river.
Halfway up the mountain, there were four Li Yuan Clansmen standing there. These four Li Yuan Clansmen were geniuses amongst geniuses. Regardless of whether it was the sacred arts they cultivated, their fleshy bodies, or their Paramita Talismans, they were all top-notch existences.
The four members of the Liyuan Clan stared fixedly at the Heretic God floating in mid-air. The leader of the four asked coldly, "Our Liyuan Clan has no enmity with you. Why are you slaughtering us like this?"
"Why?" Evil Deities's face was filled with killing intent. He smiled, "Because I want to hear a 'ding' sound. That sound is very beautiful, and it excites me."
What was a 'ding' sound?
The four Li Yuan Clansmen looked at each other. They could not understand Evil Deities's words.
"That is the sound of a reward, as well as the sound of becoming stronger! Hahaha … "As Evil Deities spoke, he suddenly waved his hands. A black world spread out, enveloping the four Li Yuan Clansmen within.
These four Li Yuan Clansmen were not to be underestimated. Ordinary methods were unable to deal with them. Evil Deities had no choice but to use his trump card.

Chapter 3045
Nothing.
The ring-shaped mountain range beneath the North Peak opened up to both sides, forming a natural mountain path.
On the mountain path, Luo Zheng stopped the team.
Through his soul imprint, he could sense Xian Shi and the other two Nine Li Tribesmen approaching.
About three incense sticks later, the three Nine Li Tribesmen joined the team. As for the final person, he did not get close. Instead, he seemed to have been blown away by the wind and was located 50,000 kilometers away.
"There's no need to wait for Huo Ting. Let's go." Huo Ze made his decision.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was a place where one could reach the Chaotic Origin Realm based on their capabilities. With so many of them, it was impossible for them to wait for a single person.
Hui Chen raised her claws and lightly blew out a whistle. Several hundred Rock Rats tunneled out from both sides of the mountain path. These Rock Rats obeyed and tunneled into the cavern beneath the North Peak.
With these Rock Rats scouting ahead, not only could they sense danger, they could also detect the location of the Chaotic Origin Spirits. It was extremely convenient.
Hence, all the great clans loved to travel with the Eared Rat Clan. But this time, the Eared Rat Clan had found Luo Zheng.
The cavern within the North Peak was very wide. There was a flat path that spiraled upwards.
Luo Zheng walked at the front. He extended his divine sense in all directions.
When he encountered some exposed rocks and stone pillars, Luo Zheng and the others would simply blast them away.
"Hong, hong …"
After several attempts, they were all blasted apart. There was no Chaotic Origin Spirit here.
"Zhi zhi … Sir Luo Zheng, the Rock Rats might seem weak, but they can bite through most rocks. Those that they can't bite through naturally contain Chaotic Origin Spirits." Hui Chen reminded.
Luo Zheng swept his gaze across the surrounding rock walls. Indeed, he discovered some tiny teeth marks. The rocks in this area should have been scoured by the Rock Rats.
Of course, Luo Zheng might not believe the words of the Eared Rat completely.
If they discovered the Chaotic Origin Spirit, they could simply keep it a secret and come back to take it away.
"Didn't someone say that most of the Chaotic Origin Spirits are gathered in the five mountain peaks?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Hui Chen revealed a puzzled look, "Logically speaking, that should be the case. Even at the entrance, there should be many Chaotic Origin Spirits occupying it. Yet this year, it seems like something is amiss …"
The speed at which the Rock Rats were searching for Chaotic Origin Spirits was very fast. They would move along the cavern and gnaw on the rocks. Very few fishes would slip through their net. According to logic, they should be facing some stronger Chaotic Origin Spirits by now. Yet until now, they had yet to find any.
The group spiraled upwards along the cave. Even after reaching a height of 30,000 meters, they still could not find the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The situation was getting weirder and weirder …
Luo Zheng's team wasn't the only one who noticed this.
It was the same for the races that explored the North Peak, West Peak, and South Peak.
According to the usual practice, they should have a bountiful harvest after entering the four mountain peaks. Yet now, they did not even get a single Chaotic Origin Spirit. This was too abnormal.
When everyone climbed all the way to the top of the mountain through the caves, their gazes turned to the main peak in the center, which was like a sharp sword.
"The only possibility is that all the Chaotic Origin Spirits are gathered at the Master Peak." Hui Chen said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked up at the incomparably tall Master Peak, "Then we can only enter the Master Peak?"
"During these years, very few people have stepped into the Master Peak. Currently, all the Chaotic Origin Spirits are hiding at the Master Peak. I wonder what kind of monster would be formed after fusing with them." Chou Xinghe said.
Even though Chou Xinghe had a frivolous temperament, he was a very cautious person.
Entering the Chaotic Origin Realm was a path that experts had to take. But it was unwise to throw away their lives for this. Given their lifespan, it was fine even if they had to wait another ten years.
"It is impossible for them to retreat just like that right?" Huo Ze frowned.
There were not many opportunities in the Chaotic Origin Great World. They had traveled far and wide before finally stepping into this place. Why would they be willing to give up so easily?
"I believe the other races won't give up so easily either." Luo Zheng looked up at the black fog in the sky. He then said: "Let's avoid the hurricane first. We'll know in a while when we enter …"
Those races had finally reached the core region. Naturally, they would not leave so easily. Even if the Master Peak was dangerous, they wanted to see what was inside.
Nevertheless, the outside of the Chaotic Origin Great World was in an uproar.
The core disciples and geniuses of these super organizations had absolute protection. Almost all of them had powerful hidden divine abilities. Yet these outstanding existences had all died in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"Who killed our Crown Prince!" The leader of the Celestial Wolf Race had bloodshot eyes. He bared his teeth as if he was about to devour someone.
"The Son of Heaven Han is a genius that only appears once in ten thousand eras. How could he die!"
"Impossible …"
This time, too many clansmen had died in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Furthermore, all of them were peak existences. This did not make sense.
It was hard to say for the other clansmen. According to logic, these geniuses had a high chance of reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm. Yet two or three of them actually died …
The leader of the Celestial Wolf Race suddenly roared towards the sky, "Li Shan must give us an explanation!"
"Right! What exactly is going on with this hurricane in the Chaotic Origin Great World! "
"That time when we constructed the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was for the sake of competition. Since the casualties are so severe, we might as well split the Chaotic Origin Spirits one by one!"
The Chaotic Origin Spirits could be controlled. It was precisely because of the uneven distribution that the Chaotic Origin Great World was constructed. On one hand, it was to allow the clansmen to gain experience. On the other hand, they could distribute the Chaotic Origin Spirits according to their strength.
But this time, the number of people who died had exceeded what these leaders could bear.
"Zhi, those people were killed by that black-robed young man who came down from the black ship." The leader of the Eared Mouse Race said.
Other than Li Shan, the Eared Mouse Race was the clearest about the Chaotic Origin Great World. They had their own unique channels to obtain information.
"Black ship …"
"That woman Shen Tu is still outside the Drinking Snow Prefecture?"
"I'll go and negotiate with her!"
"What's the point of negotiating when they are already dead? Wait till that brat comes out. I'll tear him into pieces! "The leader of the Li Yuan Race said with widened eyes. He could not wait to crush Evil Deities into powder.
At this moment, a voice drifted over.
"There will only be more deaths. Those who survive will benefit immensely. You can only hope that the remaining clansmen can survive and reach the Chaotic Origin Realm." Fuxi's figure once again appeared at the center of the empty ground.
"Human Emperor, what do you mean by that?" The old man from the You Xiong Clan asked.
Yu Yun Ze's death had caused them great heartache. Even though the Eared Mouse Race knew that Yu Yun Ze died in the hands of Luo Zheng, they still had the intention to side with him. Hence, they directly blamed it on Evil Deities.
"You can go back and ask your Patriarch." Fuxi nonchalantly said: "This should be the last time the Chaotic Origin Great World opens."
The factions in the Mother World became clearer amidst the chaos.
The civilizations on the other shore were also in an uproar. The Primal Chaos Ancient Gods had also understood their standpoint after several hundred billion years of thinking.

Chapter 3046
Protective Array
Hearing Fuxi's words, the expressions of the leaders from the various great clans changed.
These people were the core strength of the various great clans, but they were ultimately not at the level of the spokesperson.
They were aware of the situation in the Mother World, but they did not expect it to happen so quickly …
Unless they could not even wait for the next ten years?
The speed at which the Sealed Stone was leaking out from the Hourglass of Time was getting faster and faster. Even Phoenix and the others were investigating this matter. But no matter how fast they were, it was impossible for them to compress the time within ten years.
It's just that they had forgotten that some things happened at an accelerated speed.
When it reached a critical point, it would naturally erupt …
And the recent events in the Paramita had triggered this critical point.
Phoenix and the others were still puzzled. Before they set off, Jinwu Patriarch Di Jun and You Xiong Clan Patriarch Di Hongshi had yet to return from the Paramita. They were completely unaware of what had happened in the upper echelons of the Paramita.
But Fuxi did not have the obligation to answer them. Many of these clans were standing against Li Shan.
He did not care about them. Instead, he disappeared in front of everyone.
At this moment, the leader of a great clan pointed to the image of the central array and said, "Someone has entered the core region. It is … someone from Li Shan!"
There was a vast region at the center of the ring-shaped mountain range. In this region, other than the central main peak, there were a hundred circular arrays scattered around.
In order to refine the Chaotic Origin Spirits, one had to enter the circular arrays. These arrays were set up by the experts from the Nine Li Tribe and other superpowers. The moment one stepped into the circular arrays, he would be in an absolutely safe region. No one could attack the person within the array.
If it was in the past, those living beings would think of ways to charge into the array after obtaining sufficient Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Entering the array meant that one could reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
But it wasn't so easy to enter the array. Many experts had failed to obtain sufficient Chaotic Origin Spirits due to various reasons. Hence, they would guard by the side of the array and snatch the Chaotic Origin Spirits. Hence, during the process of charging into the array, a battle would definitely break out.
There were even some clans that worked together to form an impenetrable defense around the array. Even though such methods were despicable, they still complied with the rules.
The group of cultivators from Li Mountain were the most prepared. They were also the first batch of cultivators to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World. But their harvest was similarly negligible. After exploring the Western Summit for a while, they did not find anything. And now, they came down from the Western Summit and headed towards the Main Peak.
Luo Yan walked in the front. Before entering the main peak, she looked around the ring-shaped mountain range and a trace of disappointment appeared on her small face.
"Sister Yan 'er, why are you hesitating?" A woman beside Luo Yan asked.
This woman's beautiful hair was coiled up with a dozen golden hairpins. If one were to observe carefully, one would realize that these golden hairpins were actually Nirvana tokens!
The descent of the Nirvana Token consumed a lot of divine crystals, but these golden hairpins were in a state of descent all the time.
Her name was Ling Yun, and she was considered one of the most outstanding humans in Mount Li. She was the first friend Luo Yan made after entering Mount Li, and the two of them were as close as sisters.
"The Prime Peak has nine caves and 18 meridians. Each of them is dangerous. Even if we came prepared, it isn't easy for us to get a Chaotic Origin Spirit. Big Brother, he …" Luo Yan said with pursed lips.
After entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Yan had attempted to find Luo Zheng.
But the hurricane was too strong, and the Chaotic Origin Great World was so vast. It was truly hard to find traces of him.
If she had known, she would have left behind a soul imprint. Luo Yan was still too confident. She felt a strand of regret in her heart.
"Sister Yan 'er has always treated big brother as a deity. Yet now, you are starting to worry about him?" Ling Yun asked with a smile.
Luo Yan had mentioned Luo Zheng's glorious deeds many times. In front of Ling Yun, she had even described Luo Zheng as an existence that could do anything. But Ling Yun did not completely agree with it.
There were too many geniuses in this world. Just in Mount Li, the Nuwa Clan and the Human Race, there were geniuses who were unique in all aspects. And Luo Zheng was merely a person who walked out from some unknown corner.
Such a person might be number one in that small corner. He might be an unparalleled existence. But in the Origin World, he was not worth mentioning.
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng actually argued with Phoenix. That showed how confident he was. Indeed, he was worthy of Ling Yun's respect. But that did not represent his strength. After all, Luo Zheng had the backing of the Heavenly Palace. Whether it was Qiu Yinhe or Lin Zhanting, they were experts who had been famous for a long time.
But Fuxi had stepped out to protect that brat. He had even declared that Luo Zheng was his opponent. This left Ling Yun puzzled.
In the end, what made Ling Yun even more speechless was that the 'Soul Devouring Devil' that came down from the black ship was actually born in Luo Zheng's inner world. Ling Yun's heart was once again shaken. The image of Luo Yan's Big Brother became mysterious and lofty …
The only flaw was that that 'Soul Devouring Devil' did not listen to Luo Zheng. He even threatened to kill Luo Zheng.
"I am always afraid of accidents …" Luo Yan shook his head.
"Your Big Brother is such a formidable character. He will definitely have a way. He is not the only one entering the Main Peak. Everyone will eventually enter the Main Peak. Don't think too much." Ling Yun advised.
Even though the Main Peak had nine paths and 18 branched paths, there would definitely be many competitors entering the Main Peak. Their Li Mountain would naturally have the advantage of being the first to enter.
Waiting here would be a waste of time and a great opportunity.
"Mn …"
Luo Yan nodded reluctantly. Only then did he lead the living beings of Li Mountain into the Main Peak.
…
Not long after the people of Li Mountain entered the Main Peak, the hurricane started blowing again.
The hurricane blew across the entire Chaotic Origin Great World. It revolved around the core region and the wind became stronger.
When the hurricane stopped, several teams appeared. They were from You Xiong, Golden Crow, and Divine Farmer Clan. The leader had a head of silver hair. He carried a spear and walked at the front. That was the number one genius of You Xiong Clan, Di An.
They did not stay for long. They crossed the plains and found a cave beneath the Main Peak before entering it.
After Luo Zheng's group failed to explore the Eastern Peak, they retreated from the Eastern Peak with the Eared Mouse Clan. They crossed the plains from another side and headed towards the Main Peak.
As they passed by those circular arrays on the plains, Luo Zheng stopped and observed them. He asked: "These great arrays are used to refine the Chaotic Origin Spirit?"
"Zhi! Right! These great arrays can not only refine the Chaotic Origin Spirit, they can also be used as a temporary shelter. "Eared Mouse replied.
The moment they entered the great arrays, they would be absolutely safe. But every great array could only accommodate a limited number of people. Only about ten people could enter.
"Big Brother Luo Zheng, why don't you stay here and refine the Chaotic Origin Spirit!" Lan Qing suddenly suggested.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit they obtained from that cave was sufficient for one person to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. Lan Qing was very willing to contribute her portion of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
If Luo Zheng reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, his strength would increase tremendously too. He would not have to be afraid of that black-robed young man. This was what Lan Qing thought.

Chapter 3047
Stalagmite
These arrays had three functions. Other than helping to refine the Chaotic Origin Spirits, they could also protect some weaker beings. The final function was the teleportation array.
The strength of a Chaotic Origin Expert was on a completely different level from that of an ordinary Chaotic Origin Expert.
In order to prevent others from coming out after completing the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction, the moment they reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, they would be teleported out.
Hui Chen was aware that Luo Zheng had gathered enough Chaotic Origin Spirits. But she did not say anything. It was Luo Zheng's choice whether he was willing to leave or not.
"Naturally not." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng was the core member of this group. If he were to leave, relying on Chou Xue to lead the team to explore the Main Peak?
The risk was too great. It was impossible for him to do so …
Feng Ge and Ling Shuang had a look of understanding. Given their understanding of Luo Zheng, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to abandon these people.
Before the next hurricane arrived, Luo Zheng and the group arrived at the foot of the Main Peak.
This Main Peak looked like a slender mountain from afar. In reality, the area at the bottom of the mountain was not small. There were two caves facing the east of the Main Peak. One cave led upwards and the other led downwards.
Currently, at the entrance of the cave, Luo Zheng took a glance before choosing the path leading upwards.
The Eared Mouse Clan had always been cautious. At the moment they stepped into the Main Peak, Hui Chen once again drove those Rock Rats into the cave.
The cave in the Main Peak was narrow at first. But after walking for a few dozen meters or so, it opened up. The space within was much bigger than what they had imagined.
Everyone felt slightly nervous. They released their divine senses to scan the interior of the cave.
But this cave did not have any aura of life. It was like a barren land.
"This Main Peak doesn't seem to be any different from the East Peak." Huo Ze said gloomily.
Huo Ze walked to the side of several rocks. He tried smashing those rocks but to no avail.
Luo Zheng, Chou Xue, Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, and the others turned solemn. If they could not find any Chaotic Origin Spirits in the Main Peak, where else could they go?
Could it be that everyone had come here for nothing?
"There are still some differences." Hui Chen said.
"What's the difference?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hui Chen pointed to the depths of the cave and said, "The group of rock rats that I sent out to scout the way have all been wiped out."
"Did the Chaotic Origin Spirit devour those Rock Rats?" Chou Xue asked.
"Or did other species enter the main peak before us, and the rock rats were killed by them?" Feng Ge asked.
What they were most concerned about was whether there was a Chaotic Origin Spirit here.
"I'm not sure." Hui Chen shook her head. "There's a very strange power up there. When the rock rats enter the range of that power, they no longer listen to me. I have no way of knowing what they've discovered."
"Let's go up and check," Luo Zheng said.
The Rock Rats were not strong. Hence, it was normal for them to be devoured by some powerful Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Luo Zheng took the lead. The others and the Ear Mice lowered their footsteps and followed closely behind him. After traveling for several kilometers, Hui Chen reminded them: "The Rock Rats disappeared from here. Sir Luo Zheng, you must be careful."
Luo Zheng looked over. He saw many sharp stalagmites erected in the cave ahead. These stalagmites were densely packed together. They were like the fangs of some monster.
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes. His figure flew up and stuck close to one of the sharp stalagmites. He lightly placed his palm on the stalagmite. With a light push, a soft "bo" sound could be heard before this stalagmite turned into powder.
"Nothing." Luo Zheng shook his head. He then placed his palm on another sharp stalagmite. Using the same action, this stalagmite turned into powder. There was still no Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Huo Ze and the others were filled with disappointment. After ascertaining that there was no Chaotic Origin Spirit, they were no longer nervous. They followed behind Luo Zheng and started smashing those sharp stalagmites. But just like Luo Zheng, they did not find anything.
"Strange. If there is nothing here, why did the Rock Rats I released disappear?" Hui Chen said with a gloomy look.
There must be something strange about this cave. Other than exploring deeper, there was no other solution.
They followed behind Luo Zheng and bypassed those sharp stalagmites.
Just as they walked for a distance, a "rumbling" sound could be heard from behind them.
Everyone turned back. The sharp stalagmites that were smashed apart had regrown into small sharp stalagmites. Furthermore, these stalagmites were constantly growing. As they intertwined with each other, they completely sealed off their path of retreat. It was like a monster closing its fangs!
'Rocks can grow by themselves? What is going on? Let me go and have a look … 'Huo Ze decided to head over after seeing this scene.
Just as Huo Ze took a step forward, many fist-sized stalagmites sprouted out from all around the cave. These stalagmites were growing towards the center of the cave.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. With a flip of his hand, he sent a sword light towards those stalagmites that were growing.
"Ding!"
The stalagmites remained undamaged! Chou Xinghe and the others paled when they saw this!
"Huo Ze, come back! Everyone … run upwards! "
After realizing that something was amiss, Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He pulled towards Huo Ze, causing an unseen force to pull Huo Ze back from a distance of several dozen meters. Everyone began rushing forward.
If it were ordinary rocks, it would be fine even if they were sharper. Ordinary rocks could be smashed apart with a single slap. They could not harm them at all.
But if these stalagmites contained Chaotic Origin Spirits, it was different. They could not destroy these stalagmites in a short period. If they were drawn into them, the only outcome would be having their bodies pierced through by these stalagmites.
"Sou sou sou sou sou sou …"
Densely packed stalagmites sprouted out from all around the cave. Without a place to land, everyone could only run on the ground.
"The cave ahead is narrow!" Chou Xinghe shouted out.
Over ten stalagmites had already grown half a chi tall at that narrow area. It would not take long for the cave to be completely sealed. They had to rush over before that happened!
"Sou!"
Feng Ge, Chou Xinghe, and Ling Shuang were the first to rush over. Following them were Luo Zheng, Hui Chen, and several other Nine Li Tribesmen.
Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and Xian Shi were slightly slower. Naturally, they fell behind.
When Luo Zheng arrived at this narrow area, he frowned. Both his hands and legs stepped on a sharp stalagmite. A vast energy burst out. He actually stopped these sharp stalagmites from extending further!
"Hurry up!"
The stalagmites sprouted out from the stone wall. They exploded with a frightening strength. Luo Zheng could only slow them down slightly. He could not stop them completely.
"Sou! Sou! "
Lan Qing and Huo Ze passed through under Luo Zheng's armpits. At the same time, they turned back and shouted: "Xian Shi, hurry up …"
Xian Shi fell the furthest. He gritted his teeth and seemingly activated some sort of secret technique. He turned into a golden sharp sword and passed through under Luo Zheng's armpits. Nevertheless, his body was slashed by a sharp stalagmite, causing blood to flow out.
By the time Xian Shi rushed over, Luo Zheng could no longer hold on. He loosened his hands and passed through this narrow area.

Chapter 3048
The crisscrossing stalagmites pressed in from all directions. After the passage was sealed, the five Ear Mice squeaked.
One of the Ear Mice took out his Nirvana token, which was actually an iron house!
"Ten Thousand Heaven Golden Iron House! Squeak Squeak Squeak! Come in! "
This descending Nirvana token was rare and unpopular in the Nirvana Realm. This token could be used to imprison the opponent, and it was extraordinarily sturdy. It could be used as a defensive treasure.
The other four Ear Mice did not hesitate and entered the iron house.
"Ka Ka Ka Ka …"
The stalagmites grew rapidly from all directions and pressed against the surface of the iron house, madly pressing towards the center.
"Creak …"
Under the immense pressure, the iron house made a teeth-numbing sound.
"Ten Thousand Heaven Golden Iron House can withstand the force of three thousand godly catties! These stalagmites may be sturdy, but they are not strong enough to crush the iron house! Squeak! "said the Ear Mouse.
"Squeak Squeak …"
"Squeak Squeak Squeak …"
The other Ear Mice agreed.
The Ear Mice were weaker than the other superpowers in terms of techniques and supernatural powers, but their Nirvana tokens had always been the strongest.
However, this confidence only lasted for three breaths. After three breaths, the pillars in the iron house could no longer support it and were forcefully crushed by the immense pressure.
"Clang!"
The five Ear Mice in the iron house were crushed into meat paste in the blink of an eye.
The stalagmites in the entire cave were still growing rapidly. Even after passing through the narrow passage, everyone was still running forward frantically.
"Everyone, move faster! Don't count on fighting against these stalagmites, "reminded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had tried to stop the stalagmites from growing in the narrow passage, but the power contained in these stalagmites was not something Luo Zheng could fight against …
"Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh …"
Everyone did not say a word and moved forward with their heads lowered.
These stalagmites grew faster and faster. Occasionally, a stalagmite would pierce through from the side. If they were not careful, they would be pierced by the stalagmite.
During this process, the Ear Mice's advantage was revealed.
Their bodies were small and nimble. Even if a stalagmite suddenly pierced through, they could easily pass through it.
Lan Qing had never experienced such danger before. Her round eyes were wide open. She kept flying up and down. Suddenly, a stalagmite fell from the sky. This stalagmite was as sharp as a sword and was indestructible.
This was equivalent to someone thrusting a sword at her with the strength of several thousand Godly Jun. It was just that the speed was not that fast.
If she was hit, the stalagmite would pierce through her head.
"Out of the way!"
Chou Xue, who was flying to the right, suddenly collided with Lan Qing, knocking Lan Qing back a few feet.
Like Luo Zheng, Chou Xiehui paid attention to everyone's safety during the flight, but he paid the most attention to Lan Qing.
"Crack …"
Lan Qing managed to avoid the stalagmite, but the tip of the stalagmite pierced through the Martyr of Chou's right shoulder. Even though the Martyr of Chou tried to shrunk his shoulder, the stalagmite still managed to cut through his flesh, causing blood to gush out.
"Chou Xue, you …" Lan Qing was shocked to see the gaping wound on Chou Xue's body.
"Don't just stand there! Let's go! "Chou Xue shouted.
The stalagmites in the cavern were growing faster and faster. How could they have the time to waste?
After dashing through the long and narrow cavern for several thousand meters, no more stalagmites sprouted from the cavern walls. The group had finally passed through this region safely.
"Hu hu …"
Huo Ze and the others stood at their original spot panting heavily. Lan Qing was helping Chou Xue treat the wound on his shoulder.
Hui Chen and the other Eared Mice were also looking behind them with lingering fear. Dense stalagmites had already filled up the path they took.
Luo Zheng turned back to examine the situation. He then walked towards those stalagmites.
"Luo Zheng, what are you doing?" Ling Shuang asked.
"I am investigating. These stalagmites are too strange." Luo Zheng answered.
There were more than a million stalagmites growing along the way. Every stalagmite required a Chaotic Origin Spirit to support it. Didn't that mean there were more than a million Chaotic Origin Spirits along the way? That was clearly impossible.
After Luo Zheng turned back, he approached those stalagmites. Extending his hand, he lightly poked at one of the stalagmites. He easily created a small hole in this stalagmite.
"Indeed …" Luo Zheng muttered.
"The stalagmite has become brittle." Hui Chen said as she stared at the stalagmite with her beady eyes.
"Mn." Luo Zheng nodded. He looked up at the ceiling of the cavern, "Those Chaotic Origin Spirits should be moving in sync with us. They parasitized within the stalagmites, allowing the stalagmites to pierce out and attack us."
"After that, the Chaotic Origin Spirits rapidly gave up on the stalagmites behind us and moved to the front of us before fusing into new stalagmites. Tsk tsk …" Hui Chen sighed, "These Chaotic Origin Spirits are moving really fast within the rocks!"
Luo Zheng did not care about this. He narrowed his eyes and asked: "Why did those Chaotic Origin Spirits give up on attacking us?"
"Why?" Hui Chen did not understand Luo Zheng's words.
Luo Zheng turned around and looked into the depths of the cavern: "If this cavern has an end, as long as they place some Chaotic Origin Spirits at the end of the cavern, they can guarantee that we won't be able to destroy the wall at the end of the cavern in a short period. Another portion of the Chaotic Origin Spirits would then control the stalagmites to assassinate them. Under the situation where we can't use Greater Teleportation, all of us here would definitely die."
Hearing Luo Zheng's analysis, Hui Chen, Chou Xue, Feng Ge, Ling Shuang and the others felt cold sweat dripping down their backs.
If they were to act according to what Luo Zheng said, they would definitely die. None of them could escape!
"Sir Luo Zheng, zhi zhi zhi … please don't say it out loud. Those Chaotic Origin Spirits are intelligent. They can understand human language!" Hui Chen anxiously said.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng chuckled: "Since they are intelligent, they would definitely think of this. The reason why they did not do so should be because they have other methods to deal with us. Furthermore, they could take us down easily."
Saying that, Luo Zheng pointed to the front.
The rocks in the distance started moving. These rocks were peeled off from the cavern wall, turning into many stone giants.
Ordinary stone giants were nothing to be afraid of. But those stone giants that were infused with Chaotic Origin Spirits were indestructible existences.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
One by one, the Rock Giants rose from the ground and headed straight for them.
Seeing this, Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, Chou Xue, and the Ear Mice immediately brought out their Paramita Talismans.
A flower spun above Ling Shuang's head, turning into another 'Ling Shuang'. That was the unique ability of the Twin Lives Flower. The two girls would each wield a sword. With their minds connected, the < Taiyi Sword Technique > would be several times stronger!
Beside Feng Ge, King Stone Mound floated in midair. He wielded a thousand swords in one hand and a single sword in the other …
Chou Xue …

Chapter 3049
Facing the Rock Giant charging towards him, Luo Zheng's face was indifferent.
This stone giant clenched his fists and smashed down at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's figure flashed and disappeared from his original location.
At the next moment, he appeared behind the stone giant.
"Kuang!"
Under the slash of his sword, one could only hear a crisp sound. Not a single mark was left on the surface of the stone giant.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's expression did not change. Instead, he was filled with joy. This meant that the Chaotic Origin Spirit was indeed hidden within the body of the stone giant.
He did not forget that his goal was to obtain the Chaotic Origin Spirit!
"Dong dong!"
The stone giant extended his arms and smashed them at his back.
The speed of these stone giants was not slow, yet they could not touch Luo Zheng at all.
He was like a piece of light feather. Just by exerting a slight force, he could be blown away.
After evading the attack of the stone giant, Luo Zheng squinted his eyes. A white light flashed from his right eye.
"True Vision!"
In his right eye, the entire world became exceptionally clear. Several huge cracks on the surface of this stone giant were easily seen by Luo Zheng.
"Sword Marking Technique! Break! "
Luo Zheng gently raised his arm. His sword tapped lightly on the stone giant's body, sending it towards the boundary between the two cracks on the stone giant's waist.
That Ant Queen had devoured quite a number of Chaotic Origin Spirits. Furthermore, it had been quite a while. Naturally, there were fewer flaws on its body.
But this stone giant in front of him had merely fused with the Ant Queen temporarily. Naturally, it had more flaws.
"Ka …"
At the moment when Luo Zheng's sword tapped on the stone giant, the stone giant shattered into countless stone fragments.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face did not relax at all.
The Chaotic Origin Spirits were hiding in the Main Peak. They must be plotting something. Since they did not intend to assassinate him with their stalagmites, they would definitely use stronger techniques. But these Flying Stone Giants were weak.
This thought merely flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. No matter what, there should be a Chaotic Origin Spirit within the body of the stone giant.
At the moment when those stone fragments collapsed, a blood-red little thing tunneled out from within. That was none other than the Chaotic Origin Spirit that Luo Zheng had seen before. But this Chaotic Origin Spirit was entirely blood-red in color. Its originally cute eyes were now filled with a savage light.
'There is only one Chaotic Origin Spirit?' Luo Zheng was startled. Extending his hand, he sent an unseen energy over.
This little thing's speed was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. With a fierce plunge, it drilled into the ground.
Since it had come out, how could Luo Zheng allow it to escape?
The power transformed into an invisible giant claw that grabbed the rocks below.
This Chaotic Origin Spirit had already entered a fatigued state. Even if it fused with the rock, it could not strengthen the rock.
The rock was as soft as tofu under that invisible claw. Even the rock and the Chaotic Origin Spirit were pulled out by Luo Zheng.
"Creak!"
This Chaotic Origin Spirit actually charged out from that piece of rock and jumped towards Luo Zheng's face.
That little red body suddenly expanded before exploding …
"Peng!"
The self-explosion of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was not destructive at all. Luo Zheng easily blocked it with his hand.
"Ding ding …"
An amber-colored Chaotic Origin Spirit fell out from the rock.
After Luo Zheng picked up the Chaotic Origin Spirit, he turned his gaze to the other areas.
The stone giants were not considered strong. Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Huo Ze, Lan Qing, Chou Xing Chou and the many Eared Mice were fighting against a stone giant each. Even though they were not as fast as Luo Zheng, the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the stone giants was rapidly becoming fatigued after several attacks.
In this fatigued state, the stone giants became extremely weak.
"Hong!"
A huge hole was blasted out by the Rainbow Stone on a stone giant. The red Chaotic Origin Spirit tunneled out from the rock. Lan Qing extended her hand and lightly hooked it. The Rainbow Stone that was originally flying out turned back and smashed onto the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, shattering the fleshy body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Only a piece of amber-colored crystal remained.
"Hehe …"
Lan Qing looked at the amber-colored crystal on the ground with satisfaction.
No matter what, she had relied on her own strength to obtain this Chaotic Origin Spirit. Even though it was just one.
"Hong hong hong hong …"
The other stone giants were also smashed apart. Everyone took out their own Chaotic Origin Spirit.
When everyone gathered together, Chou Xingyun did not know whether to laugh or cry, "What exactly are these Chaotic Origin Spirits doing?"
The Chaotic Origin Spirits were only strong when they gathered together …
When 100 to 200 Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered together, they would be a Chaotic Origin Expert. They were indestructible.
If 1,000 or 10,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered together, their strength would be unimaginable.
If they charged forward one by one, they would simply be sending themselves to their deaths.
"Something is still amiss …" Luo Zheng frowned and said, "I keep feeling that there is something staring at me in this ghastly place …"
Hui Chen nodded: "Zhi, we sensed it the moment we entered. But we do not dare to confirm it!"
"Zhi zhi zhi …" The other Ear Mice nodded too.
The Ear Mice had a talent that was stronger than humans in one aspect, and that was their acute perception. Since Luo Zheng could sense this point, the Ear Mice could similarly sense it.
It was not just Luo Zheng's side that felt strange.
In another passage …
Luo Yan's long skirt fluttered. She placed her finger on her forehead and stared at several enormous stone giants in front of her. She softly said: "Exterminate!"
"Hong!"
The stone giants shattered with a loud bang.
"Bind!"
Luo Yan uttered another word. The Chaotic Origin Spirits within the stone giants were bound by Luo Yan.
But these little things were still glaring at Luo Yan with hatred. Following which, they chose to self-destruct.
"Peng peng peng …"
When Luo Yan saw this scene, her eyes revealed a trace of reluctance.
She had long understood this aspect. In order to become stronger, all Paramita Realm experts had to capture the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Even though she could prevent these little things from dying, retrieving the Chaotic Origin Spirit was equivalent to ending their lives. Not long after, these little things would die on their own.
If one viewed the Chaotic Origin Spirit as a small race, this race would be constantly being slaughtered, reared, slaughtered, and reared. This race could be said to be in a miserable state.
Seeing how these little things were glaring at her with hatred, Luo Yan could not help but feel uncomfortable in her heart.
The situation in the other passages was similar.
Even though they had some harvest after entering the Main Peak, just a dozen or so Chaotic Origin Spirits were like a drop in the bucket to the group.
And at the highest point of the Main Peak, an enormous eye was peering through the thick rocks, taking in everything below.

Chapter 3050
This enormous eyeball had been silently observing downwards, taking in every single living being on the Main Peak.
Beneath the eyeball, there was a huge 'round ball'. It was a Chaotic Origin Spirit. But this Chaotic Origin Spirit was over 30 meters in size. It was completely different from ordinary Chaotic Origin Spirits. This was the mother body of a Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Have you found your target?" The mother body asked.
The eyes of the enormous eyeball flickered for a moment before sending out a consciousness.
It did not have any organ to make sounds. It could only transmit information through consciousness.
"There are many decent targets." The enormous eyeball said.
"Let me see!" The mother body said.
The red and white light from the enormous eyeball shot downwards, outlining a graceful figure. It was none other than Luo Yan.
Luo Yan was currently leading the members of the Nuwa Clan to climb up the cave.
"A human female who cultivates the True Word Technique Annihilation. She has the bloodline of the Nuwa Clan …" The enormous eyeball introduced.
"One." The mother body nodded.
"Weng weng …"
Following a flash of red and white light, another figure was outlined.
That was a young man with white hair. He was Di An from the You Xiong Clan.
"A male from the You Xiong Clan who cultivates the True Meaning of Five Directions for five years. He has the Five Directions Spiritual Body and is one of the inheritors of the Yellow Emperor …"
"Two." The mother body said expressionlessly.
"Weng …"
Following a flash of light, many apex experts from different clans were swept out of the illusion. These were the people that the enormous eyeball had chosen.
"There are a total of 11. What about you?" The mother body asked.
"Me?" The enormous eyeball transmitted a smiling consciousness, "Heh, I've chosen him."
"Weng …"
Following a sweep of the enormous eyeball, the figure outlined by the red and white light was none other than Luo Zheng.
"Another male from the Human Clan?" The mother body curiously sized up Luo Zheng, "Why did you choose him?"
"This little fellow is very interesting. He has fused with one of my kind." The enormous eyeball said via consciousness.
The mother body revealed a look of astonishment, "You are saying that he has fused with a Divine Mind Eye?"
"Yes," the giant eye replied affirmatively. "If I'm not wrong, he must have fused with the Mind's Eye in the Sunflower Temple!"
The mother was not interested in the giant eye's plan. It asked again, "Are you sure we can escape safely after snatching their bodies? There are supreme experts outside the Chaotic Origin Great World. I can sense them. "
"Hmph, the one guarding outside is Human Sovereign Fuxi. I'm afraid that he alone won't be able to stop us!" The giant eye's consciousness contained a trace of disdain.
"That's good." The mother watched as those illusory figures appeared. The hatred in its eyes became denser, "Our Chaotic Origin Spirits have been reared like livestock. We are casually slaughtered and trampled on by them. Now, it is time for the tables to turn! If you want to fuse with us, you'll have to see if you're qualified! "
Through normal means, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm could not descend into the mother world.
But the Chaotic Origin Spirit was unique. After it was discovered by Nüwa, she carefully nurtured it until it reached its current scale.
During these years, the Chaotic Origin Spirit had nurtured many experts in the Mother World.
But to the Chaotic Origin Spirit Clan, it was extremely cruel.
Their true bodies were imprisoned in the Chaotic Origin Sea within the 22nd Level World. They could not leave at all. But as a token of the Nirvana Realm, they remained in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
If not for an accident that happened a few years ago, the Chaotic Origin Spirits would have been enslaved and reared for generations.
That powerful master had killed the protector of the Chaotic Origin Sea, freeing all the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Being the core of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Clan, the mother wanted to bring all the Chaotic Origin Spirits back to the Nirvana Realm. By doing so, their clan could end this suffocating life.
But the master rejected the mother's request and allowed the Chaotic Origin Spirits to maintain their current state.
The mother was puzzled until this Mind's Eye Devil descended …
The descent of the Nirvana Realm lifeforms required someone from the Mother World to carry them. They had to rely on an inner world. The mother found it strange. How did the giant eye break through the layers of restrictions of the Chaotic Origin Great World to descend here?
And the arrival of the giant eye brought them a mission. That was to devour the apex geniuses in the Mother World.
When the Chaotic Origin Spirits heard this news, they immediately flared up.
After being devoured by these damnable lifeforms for so long, there would be a day when they could devour them instead. This was something that the Chaotic Origin Spirits dreamed of doing. It's just that they did not have the ability to do so.
The Chaotic Origin Spirits did not have this ability, but the giant eye did. Their master had even arranged the escape route for them.
Usually, the mother would scatter the Chaotic Origin Spirits across the four mountains in the East, West, South, and North. This was to protect more Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Those who barged into the Main Peak would be retaliated by the mother with the other Chaotic Origin Spirits!
But this time, it was different. The mother had kept all the Chaotic Origin Spirits back into the Main Peak. Her goal was to lure those geniuses into the Main Peak. Those caverns were merely for observation purposes. And now, the giant eye had already chosen the most suitable candidate to possess.
…
…
The various races entered the Main Peak one after another. Their encounters were more or less the same as Luo Zheng and the others.
Evil Deities had entered the Main Peak a little late.
The Li Yuan Clan was ultimately not an organization that those ordinary superpowers could compare with. The Paramita Talismans of those four Li Yuan Clan members were extremely unique. Under the interdependence, they formed a perfect closed loop. The strength they displayed was sufficient to kill Chaotic Origin Experts.
Even though Evil Deities used all his techniques, he could only heavily injure one of them. In the end, he was forced to retreat.
This was also the first time Evil Deities failed to kill an expert at the same level as him!
But Evil Deities did not mind. He had killed enough people in the Chaotic Origin Great World. His harvest was plentiful. Now, he just had to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
…
…
Along the way, there were many stone giants appearing.
These stone giants did not pose any hindrance to Luo Zheng and the others. But they did not obtain many Chaotic Origin Spirits either.
After climbing 60,000 meters up through the caverns, they had only obtained slightly more than 90 Chaotic Origin Spirits. It was not enough to share with the others.
Luo Zheng did not feel discouraged though.
The remaining few hundred thousand Chaotic Origin Spirits would definitely be hiding somewhere. They would definitely be on the Main Peak.
When they climbed another 30,000 meters or so, they had almost reached the central region of the Main Peak.
The entire central region of the Main Peak seemed to have been hollowed out by the Chaotic Origin Spirits, forming a huge hollow cavern. When the group stepped into this hollow cavern, they all stopped.
There were all sorts of diagrams carved on the walls of the cavern. It was as if they were in a huge palace.
"What … are these diagrams?" Lan Qing looked around and asked while blinking his eyes.
"I've seen these diagrams before." Chou Xue said: "When I was at the Paramita First Heaven."

Chapter 3051
Luo Zheng walked to a corner of the cavern wall. He examined those sculptures on the wall.
These sculptures were of all shapes and sizes. There were all sorts of bodies. Some were like cows, some were like worms, and some were like birds.
But these bodies were not the true body of the Fearful Eye Devil. The Fearful Eye Devil was just an eyeball. Luo Zheng had a rough idea of this race when he fused with his Mind Eye.
"They are indeed the same as the sculptures in the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple." Luo Zheng nodded.
Disciples and clansmen of superpowers would usually not stay in the First Grade Heaven. Luo Zheng was invited by the Human Race and entered this place by accident.
Chou Xue was an exception. When he first entered the Paramita Realm, he was curious about everything. He had also entered the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple.
"Why would there be these sculptures here?" Ling Shuang revealed a vigilant look.
The previous time she entered the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple, Ling Shuang had suffered a huge loss. She had nearly died within.
"The Sky Sunflower Deity Temple has a powerful Soul Purification Light. It can purify all Yang souls. But here, there is nothing to be afraid of …" Luo Zheng analyzed, "But why would the Spirit of Chaotic Origin be related to the Fearful Eye Devil Clan?"
Luo Zheng felt puzzled too. These were two completely unrelated races.
Even Luo Zheng did not know the secret. The others were even more bewildered.
Furthermore, they seemed to have reached the end of this cavern. Even though there were eight more tunnels around this cavern, these eight tunnels were all leading downwards. Those tunnels should be connected to the other eight entrances at the bottom of the Main Peak.
"The Spirit of Chaotic Origin must be hidden above. We can break the walls and find a way out." Feng Ge said.
The Spirit of Chaotic Origin could freely cut through the rocks and enter and exit the rocks. With their strength, it was not hard for them to forcefully open a path. Feng Ge's suggestion was feasible.
Just as Luo Zheng, Chou Xue and the others were considering, another group of people walked in from another tunnel.
They were from You Xiong and Golden Crow Clans.
When they saw Luo Zheng's group, they were slightly startled. The silver-haired young man named Di An, who was carrying a long spear, narrowed his eyes slightly.
"Interesting, I was a little depressed along the way. Why didn't I meet the two of you? I didn't expect to meet you here, hehe …" Di An smiled faintly and gently squeezed the spear in his hand. The spear suddenly shook and wisps of white light curled up along the spear's body.
At the same time, Min Yue and the members of the Divine Farmer Clan also appeared in another tunnel.
The man named Shan from the Divine Farmer Clan was standing in the front, while the curly-haired woman named Mumu was still sitting on Shan's shoulder.
When they saw Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, they also showed a strong interest.
"Uncle, are we going to make a move now? Two people in the first gear appeared here at the same time … "Mumu said in a low voice. Her face was hidden behind her curly hair, so no one could see her expression clearly.
Shan Yi narrowed his eyes and sized up Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Other than fusing with the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, killing the prey in the first gear was also very important.
If they had obtained enough Spirits of Chaotic Origin, they would not hesitate to make a move on Luo Zheng immediately.
But their group was also searching for those Spirits of Chaotic Origin that had disappeared. When they arrived at the central region of the Main Peak, they also felt that this cave was weird.
"Shan" was a calm and prudent person. He would not act rashly before he was fully prepared.
"Let's wait a little longer. Everyone's target is still the Spirits of Chaotic Origin. We can't possibly return empty-handed," Shan Yi said while looking at the carvings around the cave. These strange carvings also attracted Shan Yi's attention.
"Even though the Spirits of Chaotic Origin are important, killing this group of trash from the Heavenly Palace is more important. If you are not willing to make a move, I'll do it." Di An was not as worried and patient as "Shan". His eyes were flashing with excitement. The spear on his shoulder was moving restlessly like a live snake.
When Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Chou Xing and the others heard this, their expressions turned gloomy and vigilant.
They did not have the advantage in terms of numbers. The other party was also an outstanding expert among those superpowers. If they were to make a move, the Heavenly Palace would most likely suffer.
Luo Zheng slowly took a step forward, and his eyes became indifferent. "In my opinion, people who like to talk about trash are mostly trash that can't even withstand a single blow. If you want to prove yourself, then there's no need to be so quick with your words!"
Di An did not place Luo Zheng in his eyes. In the eyes of Di An, Shan and Mumu, the only person worthy of their vigilance was that black-robed young man. As for Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, they were merely their prey.
They originally thought that the disciples of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace were weak and did not dare to provoke them. They could only restrain themselves from ridiculing them.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would actually take the initiative to stand out.
"What a surprise. After all these years, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace has finally produced someone with backbone." Di An slowly lowered his white spear from his shoulder. With a light flick of his spear, the rocks on the ground were sliced apart like tofu. One could see how sharp it was.
"Backbone?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, and the tip of the Snow Sword also slowly emerged from the Sumeru Ring. Luo Zheng held it in his hand and pointed it at You Xiong and the Golden Crow Clan, saying, "It has nothing to do with backbone. It's just that when I killed Yu Yunze, I said that You Xiong, Golden Crow, Minyue and Shennong, four clans.
Don't even think about leaving here alive! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the Instrument of Civilization hidden in his inner world suddenly rotated. The fully unfolded Instrument of Civilization was a spiky ball. Although its appearance was not amazing, the unique aura of the Green Jade civilization was truly released. Everyone present was shocked.
"Arrogant!"
"You're courting death!"
"You're forcing us to attack!"
The clansmen of the four clans, including You Xiong and Golden Crow, retorted.
The expressions of Di An, Shan, Mumu and the other clansmen also changed slightly.
They still underestimated this guy!
After all, the black-robed young man was born from this person's inner world. How could this person's strength be underestimated?
But these proud sons of heaven had high aspirations and great luck. Even when facing all kinds of difficulties, they could overcome them with great perseverance and great opportunities. How could they be willing to back down?
Furthermore, they had more people. Their chances of winning were higher.
"Hu …"
Seeing that the battle was about to start.
"Da da da …"
Following a series of messy footsteps, another team came from the third passage.
"Brother!"
Luo Yan led the Nine Li Clansmen up from the bottom passage.
They were originally the first to enter the Main Peak. But Luo Yan had wasted quite a bit of time chasing after several Spirits of Chaotic Origin. Hence, they ended up lagging behind.
Seeing Luo Yan safe and sound, Luo Zheng revealed a joyous expression. He quickly went forward.
Li Shan had always been the one with the most number of people entering the Chaotic Origin Great World. And Li Shan had the advantage of being the first to enter. Even if they were torn apart by the hurricane, they could still quickly gather together.

Chapter 3052
Behind Luo Yan, six Nuwa Clan women stood out. They stood in a staggered formation facing You Xiong and the Divine Farmer Clan.
These six Nuwa Clan women had snake scales that flickered with a dark golden light. Their exquisite appearance revealed a hint of vigilance.
The position they stood in was filled with mysteries. They faintly formed the 'Six Emotions Snake Shadow Array'. They were the Six Snake Shadow Lodges that Li Shan nurtured in this generation.
Li Shan's Six Snake Shadow Lodges were very famous in the Mother World. They would select the most outstanding genius from every generation of Nuwa Clan and train them as one of the Six Snake Shadow Lodges.
This time, the Six Snake Shadow Lodges had not only to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm, they also had a mission to protect Luo Yan. Luo Yan was not weaker than the geniuses from the various superpowers. But Li Shan valued her too much and could not afford to lose her.
After Luo Yan met up with her brother, she immediately turned her head. Her face, which was originally full of smiles, was now covered with a layer of frost. Under her thin eyebrows, there was a kind of appearance that was not angry but dignified.
"You dare to act against my brother?" Luo Yan stared at Di An and questioned.
Di An snorted, "So what? Unless Li Shan wants to interfere too? "
The addition of Li Shan had made You Xiong and Shennong more vigilant. But it was not enough to make them cower. Nevertheless, the situation had become troublesome.
"Shan" frowned slightly.
He was not afraid of fighting with Li Shan and the disciples of the Heaven Palace. But this place was not suitable.
The sculptures in this cavern were emitting a strange aura. He did not know where the Chaotic Origin Spirit was hidden. Even if You Xiong and Shennong defeated the other party, it would be a pyrrhic victory. That Chaotic Origin Spirit might be snatched by other living beings first.
Luo Yan coldly glanced at Di An. Strands of red light revolved around her. Her long black hair danced in the wind, "Even though this place is not suitable for battle, if you really want to fight, Li Shan can only accompany you."
As soon as her voice faded, the bodies of the six snake shadows glowed with cyan light as well. The Nirvana power of the other Nuwa clansmen also surged out like tides.
Di An hadn't expected that the little girl from Li Mountain would be so decisive. He had no choice but to weigh the price in his heart …
"Pa."
Mountain walked to the side of Di An and lightly patted him. He then said: "Finding the Chaotic Origin Spirit is more important. Now is not the time to act."
Di An was not only strong, but he also cared a lot about his reputation. It was impossible for him to admit defeat in front of a group of women from Li Mountain. Under Luo Yan's pressure, he would probably choose to meet force with force.
Mountain saw this and gave Di An a way out of the embarrassing situation.
Di An coldly glared at Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, then turned to leave.
But the moment Di An turned around, his spear suddenly shook. A skull appeared in his right hand. This skull bit the shaft of the white spear. After a round, it went straight for Luo Zheng and Luo Yan.
"Resentful Soul Killing Spear!"
A black and gray spear radiance burst out from the tip of the spear.
Li Mountain and those from the Heaven Palace felt the aura of the spear radiance. Their expressions changed greatly.
The spear radiance seemed to contain some incomprehensible power. Even You Xiong and those from the Divine Farmer Clan instinctively felt disgusted. Especially "Mountain", whose expression was very ugly. He didn't expect Di An to attack as soon as he turned around.
Di An's attack seemed reckless, but in fact, he had planned it for a long time.
Luo Yan and Luo Zheng were the core disciples of the Heaven Palace and the Nuwa Clan. As long as these two were eliminated, the rest of the people were nothing to be afraid of.
His "Resentful Soul Killing Spear" was extremely insidious. No matter how powerful the opponent was, as long as they were stabbed, they would be killed in one blow.
The spear radiance turned into a sharp wind and crossed several people at an incredible speed. It also swept through the gaps of the Six Snake Shadow Clones and went straight for Luo Zheng and Luo Yan.
The Six Snake Shadow Clones didn't have time to react at all. This sharp wind had already passed through Luo Yan.
Luo Yan's strength was not weak, but at this moment, she obviously lacked vigilance. She only thought that Di An didn't have the courage to attack at all. She didn't expect him to suddenly attack.
After Luo Zheng felt the unique aura of the sharp wind, his pupils suddenly shrank.
Fortunately, the "Weapon of Civilization" was in an unfolded state. With a change of thought, an emerald-like feather floated out.
He reached out and grabbed Luo Yan. His figure seemed to fly and jump, and the two of them turned back and forth.
WHOOSH …
With this gentle turn, the sharp wind swept past Luo Zheng.
The clothes on his back were all rotten, and the surface of his body turned into a greenish-black color.
The sharp wind from the spear didn't contain poison, but Di An's Nirvana Realm Token was extremely sinister. The sharp wind contained a powerful corrosive power.
Luo Zheng's body could resist it. If it was an ordinary body, it would have turned into a pool of black water.
"You're courting death!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was really furious.
He did want to punish the people of the four clans, including You Xiong, Golden Crow, and Shennong.
However, Luo Zheng and "Mountain" had the same idea. This damned place wasn't suitable for fighting. If there was any hatred, they could talk about it outside.
Di An's first attack was a sneak attack, and it was aimed at Luo Yan. This was the bottom line that Luo Zheng absolutely couldn't cross!
SWOOSH!
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated, and he went straight for Di An like a ghost.
Di An's attack didn't hit, and he knew that things were not good. He was even more confused.
The body movement that Luo Zheng displayed at that moment was completely beyond Di An's understanding.
In Di An's eyes, no one in the Nirvana Realm in the mother world could block a spear that suddenly stabbed out at this distance.
He was 100% sure …
However, Luo Zheng's body movement slightly twisted, and his "certainty" became 100% laughable.
Before he withdrew his spear, Luo Zheng had already closed in.
If he retreated at this moment, it would be taboo. Di An gritted his teeth, and the skull on his right hand let out a strange laughter. A brown light spun around the tip of the spear.
He was preparing for another attack, and it was even more powerful!
"Mountain" and Mumu saw Luo Zheng rushing over, and their faces became solemn.
They scolded Di An for being too impulsive in their hearts, but they had to make a move!
If Di An was defeated, You Xiong would lose a core person, and this was something that the others didn't want to see.
"Boom …"
Mountain's body suddenly shook, and a layer of golden light appeared on his bronze skin. A heavy aura came from inside out, and at this moment, he really turned into an unshakable mountain.
Mumu also flew up from Mountain's shoulder, and her right hand was strangely broken.
However, a small puppet floated at the joint of her right hand and right arm. This was her Nirvana token. The puppet seemed to connect her hand and arm through the air, and it looked quite strange.
Even if it was one against three, Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. He wanted to tear Di An into pieces.

Chapter 3053
The moment these huge eyes opened, everyone in the cavern was enveloped by an intense fear.
Some felt a sharp sword pressing against their forehead. As long as this sword was an inch closer, they would definitely die …
Some saw countless skeletons revolving around them. It was as if they had entered the Death Realm where there were no living beings …
The majority of them held onto their heads. Their faces were filled with terror. They instinctively felt that they would die at the next moment.
Even though most of them had experienced all sorts of dangers and life and death situations, this was the closest they had ever been to that moment.
Even existences like Luo Zheng and Di An who had a strong Sun Soul felt helpless in the face of this overwhelming fear. Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat after landing on the ground. At the same time, he relied on his strong willpower to resist the fear of the Eye Devil.
Luo Zheng had experienced this feeling once in the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple. That time, he relied on 9527's reminder and the Severing Emotions Divine Dao to break free.
But now, this wave of fear was many times stronger than what he experienced in the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple. He could not calm himself down using the Severing Emotions Divine Dao …
"Heart Flow Only Me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng circulated the cultivation technique from the < Heart Flow Sword Scripture >.
The Heart Flow Sword Scripture was considered an extension of the Severing Emotions Divine Dao. It focused more on the Sword Heart and had a better effect.
During this period of time in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng had reached the Small Success Stage.
But even after Luo Zheng circulated his cultivation technique, he could only slightly suppress that fear. He could not completely erase it.
Comparatively, the others were in a worse state.
The majority of them were crawling on the ground. Some had ashen expressions and were trembling all over. Some were wailing.
Luo Yan stood at his original position. He seemed to be circulating some sort of cultivation technique to resist this fear. He did not move at all. His eyes were filled with confusion.
At the peak of the Main Peak.
The surface of the huge eye was flashing with a dark red light.
That wave of fear was naturally released by the huge eye …
Luo Zheng and Di An were both chosen by it and the Chaotic Origin Spirit. It did not wish for anything to happen to the two of them.
But Di An was not obedient the moment he entered. Just as the two of them were about to fight to the death, the huge eye had no choice but to intervene.
"If you make a move now, will it alert them?" the mother asked.
The mother was afraid that they would escape and decided to leave the Chaotic Origin Great World. Nobody was willing to let a cooked duck fly away.
"There should be no problem." The huge eye answered, "They will not rest until they have obtained enough Chaotic Origin Spirits!"
If it wasn't a last resort, the giant eye wouldn't be willing to reveal its ability now.
"Buzz buzz …"
The light in its eyes continued to flicker for ten breaths of time before it disappeared and returned to its original state.
Two rays of red and white light slowly revolved around its pupils.
In the middle of the main peak.
Many of the clansmen and disciples who thought they were about to die suddenly found that the terrifying pressure had disappeared. They crawled up with strange expressions.
"What was that just now …"
"You scared me to death!"
"I thought I was dead for sure!"
Experiencing such fear was like walking through hell. Most of them were sweating profusely.
"Uncle, the power of fear comes from the True Meaning of Good and Evil, but what is it? How can it affect people so much?" Mumu asked in confusion.
Mumu primarily cultivated the True Meaning of Good and Evil. Hence, she understood it very well.
After cultivating the True Meaning of Good and Evil to grand perfection, she could frighten all living beings within a region. Those with weak souls would be frightened to death.
But to Yang Souls who had stepped into the Nirvana Realm, that effect was negligible. Most people would not be affected by it.
Unless she could fuse with a related Nirvana Token or cultivate a sacred art in this aspect.
"Mountain" wasn't just strong. He was also very knowledgeable. In Mumu's eyes, there was almost nothing her uncle did not know.
"Devil Eye of Fear." Mountain nonchalantly answered, "It was a Ruler organization in the past. But it didn't do well in the Nirvana Realm and is almost extinct."
"Why would it appear here?" Mumu asked again.
In Mumu's opinion, regardless of whether it was a living being or not, they had to rely on a medium to descend.
And the medium was the inner world of the Nirvana Realm expert.
"I am not sure." Mountain frowned.
Actually, the Spirit of Chaotic Origin had broken the norm. It lived in a unique form within the Chaotic Origin Great World.
In essence, the Spirit of Chaotic Origin was also a Nirvana Lifeform.
Why would the Spirit of Chaotic Origin have such a unique interest? Many superpowers had researched it before. Yet they could not find the reason.
One could say that the current form of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin had violated the truth.
The moment the reason was found, those powerful existences hidden in the Nirvana Realm and the experts from the various Ruler civilizations would most likely return to their Mother World or even the Primal Chaos.
After Luo Zheng regained his consciousness, he glared at Di An coldly.
At the moment when he wanted to kill Di An, that fear descended upon him. This was definitely not a coincidence.
Based on this information, Luo Zheng could vaguely make a judgment in his heart.
What happened previously was clear. There must be a Devil Eye of Fear above the Main Peak. Furthermore, this Devil Eye of Fear was much stronger than the Mind Eye he fused with!
'Why would it stop me from killing Di An? Or is it purely trying to stop me from fighting with him? '
Luo Zheng leaned towards the latter conclusion.
This was also the first time Di An came to the Chaotic Origin Great World. And from his appearance, it seemed he did not know anything.
What was the purpose of that Devil Eye of Fear doing this?
Before figuring it out, Luo Zheng did not intend to act rashly. Together with Luo Yan, he led Li Shan and the members of the Heaven Palace to another side, pulling away from the You Xiong Clan.
At this moment, several dozen tall figures entered from another passage. They were members of the Li Yuan Clan.
The members of the Li Yuan Clan had gathered into three teams in the Chaotic Origin Great World. One of them had encountered the Evil Deities. The other two teams had also climbed up the Main Peak.
This trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World did not go smoothly for the Li Yuan Clan. Now, they had become much more restrained. Many members of the Li Yuan Clan who were over 30 meters tall glanced at the sculpture on the wall before gathering by the side.
From the tunnels around the cave, more and more non-humankind beings crawled out, and the number of living beings in the cave increased.
The majority of them were in groups of three to five. But there were also some who were alone.
For instance, Mo Yijian from the Heaven Palace had entered the Main Peak alone. After moving around the Chaotic Origin Great World for so long, he finally met up with Luo Zheng's group.
"The Spirit of Chaotic Origin must be hidden up there!"
"Let's directly open a path upwards and dig out the Spirit of Chaotic Origin!"
"Mn, other than the upper half of the Main Peak, there is no other place to hide!"
As the number of people in the cave increased, it became noisy. They were discussing how to continue ascending the mountain.
For instance, the members of the Li Yuan Clan were impatient. Two members of the Li Yuan Clan flew up and smashed their mountain-like bodies towards the top of the cave.

Chapter 3054
Everyone looked up at the ceiling of the cavern. The two Fear Eye Devil statues inlaid at the very top were flashing with red light.
After a long while, they disappeared completely.
"What is going on …"
"That seems to be the Malicious Thought Glance!"
"How could it be so strong?"
Those who entered the cavern later did not experience what happened previously. When they saw what happened to the Li Yuan Clansmen, their expressions changed.
"This is a statue of a Fear Eye Devil!"
"What a powerful Malicious Thought Glance … is there a powerful Fear Eye Devil on the Main Peak?"
"Then how are we going to go up?"
These people were ultimately experienced and knowledgeable. Not only did they recognize the statue on the wall, they even guessed that there was a Fear Eye Devil guarding the Main Peak.
After asking these questions, everyone turned their attention to the Nuwa Clansmen.
Even though the Drinking Snow Prefecture was a Gongli Prefecture, it was still under the control of Li Shan. The other superpowers might not know what happened in the Chaotic Origin Great World, but the people from Li Shan would definitely know something.
"What exactly happened in the Chaotic Origin Great World!"
"Li Shan should have informed all of us!"
"Please tell us!"
"If you don't tell us, don't blame us for being impolite!"
After wandering around the Chaotic Origin Great World for such a long time, they had explored the outer perimeter of the Chaotic Origin Great World and the four great summits. Yet, they did not get any Spirits of Chaotic Origin. It was no wonder these people were furious.
Facing so many outsiders, Li Shan's side would naturally bear a huge pressure.
Even if Li Shan was stronger, he would not be able to fight against so many outsiders.
At this moment, Luo Yan walked out unhurriedly. He swept his gaze across the crowd of outsiders before calmly saying: "The Chaotic Origin Sea has gone out of control. The Spirits of Chaotic Origin are no longer under our control."
Hearing Luo Yan's words, many outsiders revealed astonished expressions.
Some did not understand what he meant. Some made more connections.
"What exactly do you mean?" An outsider asked.
"This is the last time the Chaotic Origin Great World opens. This is the only chance to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. If you miss it, it will never happen again." Luo Yan indifferently replied.
"What?"
"How could this be?"
"Impossible! The Chaotic Origin Great World has existed for so many years. How could it be so coincidental? "
The clansmen were in an uproar, their faces full of shock.
In their hearts, it was fine even if they did not succeed in fusing with the Chaotic Origin Spirit this time. The entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World might be precious to ordinary cultivators, but to these outstanding cultivators from the great clans, it was nothing much.
If he failed this time, he would try again next time. As long as the green hills are there, there is no need to worry about firewood. Under any circumstances, his life was the most important.
Luo Zheng was also filled with shock. He asked Luo Yan from the side, "Isn't the Chaotic Origin Spirit able to reproduce continuously?"
Luo Yan blinked his eyes and nodded, "That's true. But they belong to the Nirvana Realm after all. They still have their corresponding bodies in the Nirvana Realm."
In the past, the Chaotic Origin Spirits were strictly controlled in the Opposite Shore. And the location of control was the Chaotic Origin Sea.
Even if all 200,000 Chaotic Origin Spirits were wiped out, those experts could simply make a trip to the Chaotic Origin Sea and fuse with several Chaotic Origin Spirits as mother bodies. That would allow the Chaotic Origin Great World to prosper once again.
But now, after the Chaotic Origin Sea in the Nirvana Shore was occupied, their roots were severed.
Every time a Chaotic Origin Spirit fused with the Mother World, there would be one less.
After hearing Luo Yan's words, the expressions of many clansmen turned interesting. The final chance to break through to the Chaotic Origin Realm had actually been seized by them.
"Then what exactly happened on the Master Peak? Why are there these statues of Devil Eyes of Fear? "A Celestial Wolf Clansman asked.
Luo Yan shook his head and said: "I am not too sure about this. Regardless, I hope that everyone can show me your methods if you wish to break through to the Chaotic Origin Realm …"
Regardless of whether it was "Mountain" or Mu Mu, or the other geniuses from the various races, none of them would allow themselves to miss this opportunity. Being trapped in the Chaotic Origin Realm forever? That was worse than killing them!
Luo Yan's words had made them incomparably serious. They started giving their suggestions.
Originally, these superpowers were slightly wary of each other. But now, the atmosphere had become much more harmonious. After all, they had a common goal.
At this moment, another figure stealthily appeared at another cave entrance.
The moment this voice appeared, an unseen baleful aura spread out. It was like a huge beast baring its fangs and brandishing its claws.
All the other clansmen turned over. When they discovered that the one standing at the cave entrance was that black-robed young man, their expressions sank.
"Evil Deities! You still dare to appear here! "
A golden-armored Li Yuan Clansman took two steps forward. Two huge golden hammers appeared in his hands. His face was filled with fury.
The other Li Yuan Clansmen stepped out as well. They formed a crescent shape and blocked in front of Evil Deities.
When had the Li Yuan Clansmen ever suffered such a huge loss?
Close to one-third of the Li Yuan Clansmen had actually fallen in the hands of a human young man. This was a humiliation and a great enmity that they had to avenge!
It wasn't just the Li Yuan Clansmen. When the other great clans saw Evil Deities, they began glaring at him with hatred.
After Evil Deities entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, they had started a massacre for no reason. They had long angered many clans.
What this fellow did was no different from what he did in the Paramita World.
Even superpowers like You Xiong and Li Yuan could not escape from his vicious hands. This was exactly how Evil Deities did things in the Paramita World.
Someone had once declared that after discovering the identity of Evil Deities in the Mother World, they would grind his bones and scatter his ashes. Yet the Evil Deities in the Mother World were still so valiant.
Now that they had the advantage in numbers, the other clansmen's fear of Evil Deities was greatly reduced.
These people in the cave were all geniuses amongst geniuses from the various great clans. They did not believe that Evil Deities could fight against all of them by himself!
A careless smile appeared on the Evil God's face. The Fusion of Daos energy in his right hand slowly gathered and turned into a diamond-shaped gem, releasing a dangerous aura. Even in the face of so many powerhouses, his state of mind did not waver at all.
Some of the beings who were observing Evil Deities in the dark felt uneasy. What sort of trump card did he have?
Seeing the irritable Li Yuan Clansmen about to rush up, Di An from the You Xiong Clan suddenly reminded, "Brother Jin Sheng! If we fight here, I'm afraid that Evil Deities will be attracted to us! "
Jin Sheng was one of the strongest experts in this generation of the Li Yuan Clan.
He might not be willing to fight with Evil Deities, but the Li Yuan Clan could not take this lying down. He had no choice but to act.
"Oh?" Jin Sheng frowned slightly when he heard Di An's reminder.
"We've already experienced it once." Di An cupped his hands towards Jin Sheng before describing that terrifying energy.
The Li Yuan Clan was arrogant, and the You Xiong Clan did not have many interactions with the Li Yuan Clan.
But Di An still hoped to temporarily ally with the Li Yuan Clan. His reminder was naturally to rope in and curry favor with them.
After hearing Di An's words, Jin Sheng calculated in his heart. He glared fiercely at Evil Deities before leading the Li Yuan Clan to retreat to the side.

Chapter 3055
Evil Deities walked out of the passage with a faint smile on his face. Finally, his eyes stopped on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood in place and looked at him with the same indifferent eyes.
As a member of his Inner World, Luo Zheng knew all about him.
From birth to growth, every detail …
With just a thought, Luo Zheng could gather all his information in his mind.
"You did something wrong," Luo Zheng's tone was a little cold.
Evil Deities looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and asked knowingly, "What is it?"
"You shouldn't have used Ling Shuang to provoke me!" Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ling Shuang pursed her lips.
Ling Shuang had fought with Evil Deities before and knew how terrible Evil Deities were.
Evil Deities spared her life at the last moment. Ling Shuang also knew that Evil Deities' purpose was to provoke Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang didn't want Luo Zheng to fight Evil Deities for her. Although she believed in Luo Zheng's strength, from the current performance, it was obvious that Evil Deities were stronger.
In front of Evil Deities, the only result of defeat was death.
She was worried about Luo Zheng, so after Luo Zheng rescued her, she didn't show much excitement, and even looked a little indifferent …
But Luo Zheng's answer had a trace of determination. Looking at his reaction, he would not let Evil Deities go.
Ling Shuang felt a little sweet in her heart, but more than that, she was worried.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk …" Evil Deities smiled and shook his head, "It seems that you can't wait to destroy me."
"You shouldn't exist in the first place," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
Evil Deities was an anomaly. Until now, Luo Zheng was very confused. How could such a character be born in his Inner World? Why didn't other people's Inner Worlds exist?
Could it be because of the Land of Origin?
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Evil Deities laughed out loud. "My existence is not up to you. Even this round of Chaos has no say. I am destined to transcend all of this, but you …"
Evil Deities stopped smiling and stared at Luo Zheng with a pair of evil eyes. "You are destined to be my first stepping stone."
These words caused many of the Outsiders to frown.
This guy was getting more and more arrogant …
Even the Kurofune was not qualified to say such words.
What kind of backing did he have?
"Shut up!"
Luo Yan suddenly scolded coldly.
As she yelled, a beam of light that looked like a little fairy suddenly flashed past and swept past Evil Deities at an unavoidable speed.
That was the Language Spirit cultivated by Luo Yan!
The Saint Word Art, True Intent of Annihilation, was a very special true intent of the Dao.
Even in the Mother World, there were not many people who were suitable to cultivate this true intent of the Dao.
And Luo Yan was one of the best. Her talent in this true intent of the Dao was not inferior to Luo Zheng.
When the Saint Word Art, True Intent of Annihilation was cultivated to perfection, one could form their own Language Spirit.
The Language Spirit could be continuously strengthened through cultivation!
In Li Mountain, she was quite doted on by Nuwa. Later, a Fuxi came and under constant guidance, her Language Spirit had been strengthened to an outrageous level.
But she rarely used it.
A powerful Language Spirit could kill with a single word, and even destroy the heart with a single command.
An even more powerful Language Spirit was said to be able to become a prophecy. This was not a prophecy, but a living change of the future!
Evil Deities did not expect that Luo Yan would dare to act rashly. Under the "shut up", he was also attacked by the Language Spirit. For a moment, he was really unable to speak.
"You are merely a second-level lifeform in my big brother's inner world. A second-level lifeform should act like one. Do you really think that you are invincible just by relying on those people from the black ship? This world is not something a second-level lifeform like you can imagine … "
Taking advantage of the fact that Evil Deities could not speak, Luo Yan continued to criticize Evil Deities.
Evil Deities opened his mouth, yet he could not make a single sound.
He had a proud temperament. He had never placed anyone in his eyes. Even Shen Tu and the others from the black ship were the same.
Whoever dared to speak in such a manner in front of him, he would kill them with a flip of his hand.
After being ridiculed by Luo Yan, Evil Deities finally revealed a trace of anger on his frivolous face. He condensed a strand of killing intent and attacked!
But just as he released his killing intent, many bewitching red lights flashed above his head.
Luo Yan had long been chosen by the Chaotic Origin Spirit. At this moment, the huge eye was also evaluating the strength of Evil Deities. Naturally, it would not allow Evil Deities to kill people here.
Evil Deities was immediately enveloped by a terrifying energy …
Everyone had weaknesses and flaws in their soul. Evil Deities' weakness was indeed very small, but it still existed.
Under the eruption of this terrifying energy, his body became incomparably slow. His face revealed a look of pain.
Nevertheless, the soul energy of Evil Deities was far stronger than those of the same level. Even though he was in great pain, he was still qualified to resist.
"Yan 'er, move back." Luo Zheng took a step forward. He stood in front of Luo Yan.
"Big brother, I am not afraid of him." Luo Yan said with a straight face.
She wanted to face Luo Zheng head-on. She was already strong enough to face him alone.
Evil Deities bent over and silently endured that terrifying energy. The muscles on his face were twitching, making him look extremely sinister.
He was using his soul energy to resist the terrifying energy!
The members of the Li Yuan Clan, You Xiong Clan, Divine Farmer Clan, and other clans were all shocked when they saw this scene.
They had suffered losses in front of this Fearsome Demon before. They knew how terrifying this terrifying energy was.
Even though the terrifying energy would not harm people, it could create a huge pressure on one's soul.
Luo Zheng stared at Evil Deities silently. He was also quite surprised.
Just now, the hundred over statues in the cave were shining with red light. The terrifying energy was activated to the maximum. Even with his "Heart Flow", it was hard for him to resist it. Furthermore, You Xiong, the other four clans, Li Shan, and the members of the Heaven Palace were the ones bearing the terrifying energy together.
Even though there were only a dozen statues releasing the terrifying energy, Evil Deities could still resist the terrifying energy by himself. His soul was indeed unimaginably strong!
This kind of person must not be left alone outside …
This scene strengthened Luo Zheng's determination to take back the Evil Deities.
It wasn't just the people in the cave who were surprised. Even the huge eye at the ceiling was transmitting a consciousness of "surprise". "Interesting, interesting … Another unimaginable genius has come! He could actually resist my terrifying energy! "
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was puzzled, "Resist your terrifying energy? If you can't do anything to him, wouldn't it be troublesome? "
During these ten years, under the arrangement of the mother body, the Chaotic Origin Spirits had become stronger by devouring each other.
However, their greatest reliance was still the giant eye.
Even the huge eye could not suppress this fellow. This was still a taboo for the mother body.
"Hmph." The huge eye transmitted a strand of disdain. The red light in its eyes overflowed.

Chapter 3056
"Hong!"
This Terror Energy was like a tide as it converged on the body of Evil Deities.
Evil Deities was originally barely holding on. But this full release of Terror Energy caused his expression to distort. He revealed a look of pain.
The Terror Energy was a unique form of soul attack. Even if one's soul was strong, as long as there was a flaw in one's heart, this energy would exploit that flaw to release the terror in one's heart.
Even if the Terror Energy was greatly boosted, Evil Deities could only hold on for ten breaths of time before he was suppressed to the ground.
The relationship between the tribes in the cavern was slightly complicated. But everyone had a hostile attitude towards Evil Deities.
Seeing Evil Deities suffering such a huge loss, everyone should be clapping their hands in joy. But this scene did not happen. On the contrary, many of them had solemn expressions.
Even an expert like Evil Deities with a strong soul could not resist against the Terror Energy. How could they head to the higher levels of the Main Peak?
After a long while, the red light finally dissipated.
After being punished by the Terror Energy, Evil Deities who crawled up from the ground finally stopped.
He did not say a word as he retreated to the side. His expression was gloomy as he glanced upwards from time to time.
Evil Deities had not suffered any huge losses ever since he entered the Origin World. He did not know who was the one who unleashed that Terror Energy. But Evil Deities would definitely remember this grudge!
"This Terror Energy is so strong. We aren't its opponent. How can we continue climbing up?" Someone asked softly.
"Mountain" had a solemn expression too, "Even if we climb up, if we are suppressed by this Terror Energy, it will be hard for us to defeat those Chaotic Origin Spirits."
The Main Peak was originally dangerous. After those Chaotic Origin Spirits devoured one another, they became much stronger. Entering the Main Peak was a huge risk for them.
"Unless we have to return empty-handed?" Another person asked.
Everyone turned silent …
Luo Yan had already said that if they missed this opportunity, no one would be able to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm in the future.
Who would be willing to stay at this place and not move forward?
Just as everyone was discussing softly, a soft sound came from the top of the cavern.
"Ka, ka …"
The carvings at the top of the cavern seemed to have loosened. When those carvings cracked open, three stairs extended out!
One of the stairs happened to descend from behind the Great Yi Heaven Palace disciples. Luo Zheng took a few steps forward and looked up the stairs.
It was pitch black, and he could not see what was above him.
The clansmen of the other super forces also looked up the stairs, but no one dared to go up.
Clasping one's hands to welcome a guest, there must be a killing trap.
Everyone...... Even though they did not know what the Chaotic Origin Spirits were planning, it was not hard for them to imagine the outcome.
The Evil God sat motionless on the ground, a faint smile on his face as he coldly looked at these people. His lips suddenly moved as he said to everyone with a true essence sound transmission, "Although I don't know what sort of damned things are up there, since they want to invite you into their trap, how difficult is it to solve this situation?"
Hearing Evil Deities's True Essence transmission, Luo Zheng, Mumu, Di An, Jin Sheng and the others frowned. Mumu used a soft voice to reply: "You are being tortured by that Terror Energy. What good ideas do you have?"
If it was an enemy they could see, it would be easy to deal with!
These people had all sorts of strange Paramita Tokens. Even if they met a Paramita Realm expert, they would still be able to fight back.
Evil Deities was so powerful. But when the four Li Yuan Clan elites worked together, Evil Deities could not do anything to them. This was the mystical aspect of the Paramita Token. By combining the abilities of the Paramita Token, the power it could unleash could be increased by ten to a hundred times.
But now, they did not know anything about the top of the Main Peak. They could not resist the Terror Energy either. They would only be sending themselves to death if they went up.
"It is naturally dangerous to go up from here. But what about the outside?" Evil Deities grinned.
The majority of them still had a fixed mindset. They wanted to charge up from the Main Peak.
But they could leap to the top of the Main Peak. That was another path.
Many people's eyes brightened.
"But the hurricane outside is very strong." Mu Mu said.
Evil Deities glanced at Mu Mu, "Have you all not dug holes in the ground before?"
Most of the living beings present had dug holes all the way from the boundary of the Chaotic Origin Great World. They naturally understood what Evil Deities meant.
"Then should we leave this place?" Di An asked.
Many nodded slightly. Since they had come up with a solution, they would follow it.
For the sake of obtaining the Chaotic Origin Spirit, everyone had formed a temporary team.
"But there is another method that is simpler. I am leaning towards this method. Hehe." Evil Deities chuckled.
Including Luo Zheng, everyone stared at Evil Deities. They did not know what other ideas this fellow had …
"This Main Peak is thin and long. Even though it is tall, its diameter is not long. How about we work together and break the Main Peak in half?" Evil Deities suggested.
"Break the Main Peak!"
"You are really daring! Does Li Shan agree? "
"Li Shan has already said that this is the last time it opens. In the future, there will be no more Chaotic Origin Spirit. So what if we break the Main Peak?"
If they entered the Main Peak from the outside, they would not be able to take the initiative. The situation was only slightly better than going up the stairs.
Directly cutting off the main peak was indeed a better method.
Many people turned towards the group from Li Shan. Luo Yan did not speak. Ling Yun shrugged by her side, "Li Shan is only asking us to act according to the circumstances."
"Since that's the case, we can indeed follow this method. But I wonder if there will be any unavoidable hurricanes." Jin Sheng said as he swayed his enormous body.
Breaking the Main Peak was something that Jin Sheng liked. But if they were blown away by the hurricanes after breaking the Main Peak, that would not be good.
"I have set up eyes outside." A green-skinned non-human said, "The hurricanes will stop soon."
Evil Deities chuckled when he saw how tempted everyone was: "Then let us begin now. There is only one chance …"
All the conversations above were conducted using True Essence Voice Transmissions. Hence, the mother body and enormous eye on the Main Peak could not hear them.
That enormous eye was faintly filled with doubt. The enormous eye asked using its consciousness, "Why are they not coming up? What exactly are they thinking of doing …"
"I'm afraid they are afraid." The eyes of the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit revealed a complicated expression. But it remained firm: "But they will not give up on this opportunity!"
At this moment …
The eyes of the enormous eye dilated.
"Not good!"
A blood-red Terror Energy revolved in its eyes. But before it could release it, an intense explosion came from below.
Those clansmen and disciples who could enter the Main Peak could not be underestimated.
The majority of them could control a strength close to a thousand Divine Jun. Some could even easily surpass this number. Especially the Li Yuan Clansmen. Relying on their near-perfect fleshy bodies, they could exert strength comparable to a Chaotic Origin Expert even if they had not stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm.
"Hong long long …"

Chapter 3057
At the central region of the ring-shaped mountain range, several non-humans had gathered within the arrays surrounding the Main Peak.
They were not willing to risk their lives by entering the Main Peak. Hence, they could only choose to hide within the arrays.
This array protected them within. Even the hurricane could not reach them.
"Hong long long …"
Just as they were waiting for a long time, a ring of dust suddenly appeared at the center of the Main Peak.
These non-humans widened their eyes.
"What is happening in the Main Peak?"
"What a powerful force …"
"It's cracking, cracking … the Main Peak is collapsing!"
A thick crack formed at the central region of the Main Peak. This crack rapidly extended outwards.
During the process of the Main Peak collapsing, a dull thunderous sound could be heard, causing the entire ring-shaped mountain range to tremble.
The 300,000 meters tall Main Peak started tilting to one side. This process was not fast, but it was gradually accelerating. The peak of the Main Peak directly smashed onto the ring-shaped mountain range to the east, causing the entire mountain range to collapse.
The non-humans gathered within the arrays watched this scene in a daze. They had never thought that the upper half of the Main Peak would collapse!
Only half of the Main Peak that pierced through the clouds remained. It had turned into a barren flat-topped mountain …
Such a huge shock caused all of the Outsiders hiding in the spell formation to be dumbfounded.
The Chaotic Origin Spirits that were hiding in the upper half of the Main Peak became restless when they sensed this commotion.
They were not clear what was happening. Only when the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit consoled them did they calm down.
"This is your plan?" The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit asked.
The enormous eye floated within the Main Peak. It was releasing a strand of gloomy emotion. It was waiting for these young geniuses to take the bait. Who would have thought that these fellows did not even have the intention of rushing up and directly cut off the Main Peak …
"Don't panic! They want to snatch the Chaotic Origin Spirits. They will eventually kill their way in! "The enormous eye transmitted through a consciousness channel.
After the Main Peak collapsed, the terrifying energy that restricted everyone no longer existed.
The various non-humans became more vigilant against each other. Naturally, they were most vigilant against the Evil Deities. Who knew if this madman would suddenly attack them.
Luo Zheng stood in front of the Heaven Palace disciples and the Nuwa Clan members. Within his inner world, the Mind Eye, Strength God Totem, and that Weapon of Civilization were all silently floating at the center of his world.
Di An, Mountain, Mumu, and the others did not intend to fight.
To them, killing the disciples of the Heaven Palace might be important. But obtaining sufficient Chaotic Origin Spirits to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin was even more important.
Who knew what was hiding in the main peak? Now that everyone was working together to take it down, that was the right way to go.
Everyone had their own thoughts, and for a moment, there was a stalemate.
On the other hand, Evil Deities was the calmest. With an unfathomable smile on his face, he broke the deadlock. "The main peak has already collapsed. What are you all worried about?"
Hearing this, everyone turned to look at Evil Deities.
The Liyuan Clan's Jin Sheng laughed bitterly in his heart. This bastard is just spouting nonsense. You're my biggest concern right now!
Everyone was afraid that this lunatic would stab them in the back …
"Brother, let's go." Luo Yan coldly glanced at Evil Deities. She hated this guy from the bottom of her heart.
Compared to other people, Luo Yan was not as afraid of Evil Deities.
Luo Zheng nodded. He called out to the disciples of the Heaven Palace before leaping down from the broken peak.
With the Great Yi Heaven Palace and Li Shan taking the lead, several other smaller superpowers followed suit. Following that, it was You Xiong, the Golden Crow Clan, and the Liyuan Clan …
The few clans behind moved faster and faster. None of them were willing to stay together with this malefic Evil Deities.
Evil Deities remained seated at his original position. He did not move.
The Chaotic Origin Reconstruct was similarly important to Evil Deities. Even though he was crazy, he was not a fool.
Some matters could wait until he obtained the Chaotic Origin Spirits before he acted …
The moment the Main Peak collapsed, those non-humans who were originally hiding in the arrays came out from the arrays. Since the Chaotic Origin Spirits were hidden within the Main Peak, they would have a chance to get their hands on the Chaotic Origin Spirits the moment the Main Peak was cut apart!
Luo Zheng flew to the front of the main peak. He looked down and said: "We will not enter. We will attack from the outside."
Saying that, he narrowed his eyes. He activated the True Vision of his Mind Eye. The weak points on the main peak were clearly displayed in front of him.
"Sou!"
You Xue's sword trembled slightly. A sword light was sent out towards the weak points.
"Ka …"
An unnatural crack extended out from the rocks of the main peak. The rocks within the crack were all shattered into pieces.
This main peak was ultimately huge. Even though there were many weak points, they were not concentrated. Even after striking the weak points, Luo Zheng could only destroy a small portion of it.
Luo Yan placed both her hands together and gently raised them up. A blood-red Wah Shadow appeared behind her.
Red strands of energy extended out from the hands of Wah Shadow. They lashed downwards. Every time it lashed out, countless rock fragments would burst out. It was a frightening force.
'Yan' er did not rely on the Paramita Token. Instead, she relied on her bloodline to summon Wah Shadow, and yet she could unleash a strength of more than a thousand Divine Jun. So powerful … 'Luo Zheng felt astonished when he saw this scene.
Luo Yan's growth in Li Mountain was much faster than he imagined.
He wondered what Paramita Token she had fused with. It was no wonder why Luo Yan did not have any intention of backing down when facing the Evil Deities.
The women of the Nuwa Clan stood in midair. They brought out their Paramita Tokens, causing terrifying energy to fall on the main peak like raindrops.
Behind them, You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shennong, Li Yuan, Sky Wolf, and many other non-humans were also joining in.
For the sake of the Chaotic Origin Spirits, the group temporarily put aside their conflict.
Within the main peak, that enormous eye was currently feeling gloomy.
"Didn't you say that they would still drill their way in?" The Chaotic Origin Spirit grumbled.
"Let the Chaotic Origin Spirits hold on for a while longer." The enormous eye said.
"I've already asked them to do so. Even though we can strengthen the mountain, we will eventually get tired …" The Chaotic Origin Spirit said.
The collapsed main peak was like a dead giant. It was enduring the attacks of the group.
Under the torrent of energy, a small piece of the giant's flesh was torn apart.
But as the Chaotic Origin Spirits swam through the mountain, the entire main peak became extraordinarily sturdy. Not even a single crack could be seen.
"It's the Chaotic Origin Spirits!"
"Those Chaotic Origin Spirits are within the rocks!"
"Let's dig them out!"
Those present had more or less dug out several Chaotic Origin Spirits from the rocks. This scene excited them. Their attacks became even sharper!
"Hong!"
"Peng peng …"
"Hua …"
With so many people working together, how terrifying was the energy they unleashed?
Under the attacks, the Chaotic Origin Spirits hidden within the mountain walls rapidly fell into a state of fatigue. The originally sturdy mountain started cracking.

Chapter 3058
When the non-humans present saw those Chaotic Origin Spirits, their eyes turned hot.
After venturing into the Chaotic Origin Great World for such a long time, they did not have much harvest. Those who were lucky would dig out dozens of Chaotic Origin Spirits. Those who were unlucky would end up empty-handed.
Luo Yan actually fished out more than a hundred Chaotic Origin Spirits. Everyone became more motivated at that moment!
"Everyone, let's work harder!"
"As long as we shatter the mountain walls, we can dig out the Chaotic Origin Spirits!"
"Hong!"
When the Chaotic Origin Spirits fused into any object, it would greatly strengthen that object.
But they could not just stand there and let the Chaotic Origin Spirits get tired very quickly.
That was also because there were too many Chaotic Origin Spirits in the mountain.
"Ka …"
Another crack appeared on the mountain wall.
This time, Mu Mu of the Divine Farmer Clan acted swiftly. That curly hair of hers extended into the crack in the blink of an eye. With a slight twist, the Chaotic Origin Spirits hidden within were all killed by her hair. As their flesh peeled off, dozens of amber-colored crystals were drawn out.
"Indeed!"
"All the Chaotic Origin Spirits are here!"
"Everyone, let's rush up!"
Those who were originally apprehensive could no longer sit still.
They actually descended and stood on the mountain wall of the Main Peak. They were furiously smashing downwards.
As long as the Chaotic Origin Spirits within the mountain walls got tired, they would reach their hands in and pluck out the Chaotic Origin Spirits within. After killing them, they would peel off the amber crystals and stuff them into their own Sumeru Rings.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was a lifeform. Similarly, it referred to the crystals within its body.
"Truly barbaric …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
Speaking of which, Luo Yan used those thin strands of energy to sweep in and instantly vaporize the flesh, blood, skin and bones of the Chaotic Origin Spirits. His method was similarly bloody.
The fate of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Clan was indeed tragic.
The cultivators outside were digging happily. Yet the Chaotic Origin Spirit hidden within the mountain walls and the huge eye were suffering.
"This bunch of fellows, they are getting more and more overboard this year …" The black eyes of the Chaotic Origin Spirit were filled with hatred.
Even though they were trapped in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Chaotic Origin Spirits were like fishes on the chopping board.
To the geniuses of superpowers, this kind of cultivation was both a game and a trial.
But ever since the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit gained sentience, it had been trying its best to save its own clansmen. It had gathered quite a number of Chaotic Origin Spirits within the Main Peak. As long as anyone dared to enter the Main Peak, it would resolutely retaliate.
Its efforts were very effective. Currently, almost no one dared to enter the Master Peak. Every ten years, it only had to sacrifice more than half of its Chaotic Origin Spirits to protect the remaining portion.
This time, not only did the giant eye's idea not work at all, it even overturned the entire main peak, which was the result it did not want to see.
The giant eye silently watched everything in the outside world without saying a word.
"If this continues, we will lose more and more Chaotic Origin Spirits! We will only become weaker and weaker!" The Chaotic Origin Spirit mother urged: "What should we do!"
"We can only kill our way out …" When the giant eye released its consciousness, a sharp light flashed in the depths of its eyes.
The descent of the giant eye was a secret. Even the people of Mount Li did not notice it.
Even though Mount Li was in charge of maintaining the operation of the Chaotic Origin Great World, he would rarely enter the core region. The moment they killed their way out, their plan would most likely be ruined.
But they had been holed up in the Main Peak and could only passively take a beating.
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit had long been resentful of those living beings outside. When the giant eye said this, it immediately gave the order …
Outside the Main Peak, many clansmen and disciples were frenziedly plundering the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Some clansmen who were wandering outside the Chaotic Origin Great World rushed over and joined in.
At this moment, the black fog in the sky started surging once again. The hurricane was about to blow.
"The hurricane is here!"
It was unknown who shouted out.
Those non-humans who were originally gathered on the Main Peak started retreating.
Some hid in the arrays. Some dug a hole and hid within, waiting for the hurricane to pass through.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, those leaders did not know whether to laugh or cry when they saw this.
Initially, they did not know what was happening. None of them actually headed towards the arrays to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin. But when they saw them retreating from the four peaks, they finally understood.
Who would have thought that when they worked together, they could actually break the entire Main Peak!
Fortunately, most of the key members of the various clans did not die. From the looks of it, the situation was still normal.
When the hurricane stopped, those clansmen who were originally hiding in the holes flew up once again. They continued attacking the mountain wall.
A Li Yuan clansman stepped on the mountain wall. His hands were covered in a layer of pale green light. This light was extremely sharp. He hammered down on the mountain wall several times, causing it to explode.
The Li Yuan clansman revealed a joyous expression. He extended his hand towards the mountain wall.
But just as his hands reached in, he saw two crimson eyes emerging from the crack in the mountain wall. His expression changed greatly.
His thick and muscular legs kicked out in an attempt to leave the mountain wall. But it was already too late.
"Ao!"
A bright red object emerged from the mountain wall, biting towards the Liyuan Race clansman with one mouth and biting his head with the other. The Liyuan Race clansman struggled a few times before his entire body went limp and stopped moving.
The body of the Li Yuan clansman was huge. The Chaotic Origin Spirit could not devour him completely.
On the other side, it was even more unfortunate. Two Divine Farmer Clan members were trying their best to dig out the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Before they could react, they were swallowed by the bloody mouth.
In the blink of an eye, several clansmen from various clans fell under the bloody mouth.
"Retreat!"
"The Chaotic Origin Spirit is coming out!"
"I told you not to get close to the mountain wall!"
The majority of the clansmen were still cautious. For instance, Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, Ling Shuang and the others merely slashed at the space. When the Chaotic Origin Spirit tunneled out from the mountain wall, they simply leaped up and pulled apart the distance between them.
"It finally came out." Luo Zheng said.
Previously, Luo Zheng had used his True Energy to transmit a message to the disciples of the Heaven Palace, Li Shan and the Ear Mouse Clan not to get too close.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit had suffered too many casualties. It would definitely charge out and risk its life.
His prediction came true. The Heaven Palace, Li Shan and even Ear Mouse were unharmed!
"Ka …"
"Ka …"
Many huge Chaotic Origin Spirits tunneled out from the cracks in the mountain wall. These Chaotic Origin Spirits were emitting a murderous aura.
But they did not attack immediately. Instead, they stuck to the mountain wall and glared at the living beings above with hatred.
"Ka!"
An even bigger crack exploded. The peak of the Main Peak was split into two.
At the moment when the mountain wall split apart, an enormous eyeball flew out from within. By the side of this huge eyeball, there was a Chaotic Origin Spirit that was several thousand meters tall.

Chapter 3059
Everyone's focus was not just on the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Instead, they were focused on that enormous eyeball.
Previously, they had seen the sculpture within the cavern. After experiencing the baptism of the Terror Energy, they knew that there should be a Fear Heart Eye Devil in the Main Peak.
Even though they were mentally prepared, they were still startled when they saw that enormous eyeball.
"Sou sou sou sou …"
Regardless of which race they were, they were all retreating.
For instance, those non-humans who had originally hidden in the arrays and wanted to take a share of the loot. They were not confident in their strength. Hence, when they saw the enormous Chaotic Origin Spirit tunneling out, why would they dare to stay?
They turned around and tunneled into the nearest array.
"You still want to escape after forcing us out?"
The red light in the pupil of the enormous eye flashed. A circular blood mark spread out at a visible speed.
When the blood mark swept across the crowd, everyone felt their hearts palpitating.
In the blink of an eye, the blood mark had already enveloped an area of 30,000 meters!
The nearest array was right beside the blood mark. Several non-humans gritted their teeth and attempted to charge into the array.
This array was constructed by many powerful existences. As long as they hid within, they could preserve their lives.
But the moment they touched the blood mark, they felt as if they were struck by lightning!
The Terror Energy surged out and struck the weak point deep in their hearts. Some turned mad, and some wailed as they vented their emotions. Ultimately, they had no choice but to leave the blood mark.
Luo Zheng and the others felt their eyebrows twitching when they saw this blood mark.
The enormous eye had actually sealed everyone within!
This action revealed a piece of information. The Chaotic Origin Spirit and the enormous eye were confident of their strength. They were actually planning to capture everyone in one fell swoop!
Ever since the collapse of the Main Peak, Evil Deities had been leisurely moving around.
Seeing the appearance of the enormous eye and the Chaotic Origin Spirit, he revealed a look of intense interest.
But his position was slightly further away. Hence, the blood mark did not envelop him. Nevertheless, the Evil Deities had actually walked to the edge of the blood mark.
'The Terror Energy of that enormous eye is very strong. But it is impossible for this energy to extend without limit …' The Evil Deities looked at the blood mark beneath his feet. He revealed a look of interest. He then took a step towards the blood mark!
The moment the Evil Deities touched the blood mark, the power of fear invaded his mind.
The Heretic God frowned, and a strange color flashed in his eyes. He forcefully endured the invasion of the power of fear and stepped over the blood mark!
"That's pretty much what I've guessed …" The corners of Evil Deities' mouth curled up slightly, as if everything was under control. "The more powerful the Nirvana Token is, the weaker it is. You're too confident in yourself."
Evil Deities was a classic example of someone who did not want to suffer any losses. He wanted to make a move in the cave on the main peak, but he was stopped by the power of fear.
From that moment on, he was determined to find out who was behind the scenes.
After cutting off the main peak and forcing out the eyeball, the Evil Deities would definitely not let it go.
Evil Deities' analysis was not bad.
Some Nirvana Realm tokens had abnormal abilities, such as the mysterious type of Nirvana Realm tokens. The ability provided was often impossible to guard against. For example, Nirvana Realm tokens like the "Mind's Eye" and the "Heart of the Accomplice" had extremely abnormal abilities, but the Nirvana Realm tokens they contained were extremely weak.
That huge eyeball was only good at evil thoughts. It was not strong by itself.
Seeing the clansmen being trapped, the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World had long exploded.
"Why would a Mind's Eye appear in the Chaotic Origin Great World!"
"Li Shan, please give us an explanation!"
"Open the Chaotic Origin Great World and let us in!"
The vision of the leaders of these super organizations was clearly not something the younger generation could compare with.
Fear Eye Devils were extremely rare in the Nirvana World. But their origins were not mysterious. After all, the Fear Eye Devils were once part of a Ruler civilization.
Now that the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit had charged out from the mountain, in addition to that Mind's Eye, how could the younger generation of clansmen resist against it?
Qiu Yin He, Lin Zhanting, and the others had solemn expressions.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was ultimately under the control of Li Shan. Was Li Shan aware of this? If he was, why would he let them go?
More importantly, the Nirvana Token had to be carried by the inner world of a lifeform before it could descend into the Nirvana World. The Chaotic Origin Spirit had become the only exception in the Nirvana World because of its unique form!
But what was that huge eyeball? Why would it descend into the Nirvana World like the Chaotic Origin Spirit? This went against common sense!
Phoenix lightly flapped her wings and charged towards the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Lingering flames soared into the sky, releasing a scorching aura. One could hear Phoenix coldly saying: "Let me in."
The Godly Nest Demonesses had suffered a huge loss. Phoenix wanted to ensure that the remaining clansmen could obtain the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The few Li Clan women guarding the entrance looked at Feng Ge coldly. One of them said: "Other than the younger generation who has the entrance ticket, the others are not allowed to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World."
Phoenix frowned and said: "Now that such an unforeseen event has occurred in the Chaotic Origin Great World, if we don't enter, they will definitely die!"
"Since ancient times, there have been many young cultivators who have died inside." The Li Clan woman replied: "The rules are not set by our Li Shan Clan alone. Your Golden Crow Clan's Di Jun is also involved. If you insist on barging in, don't blame our Li Shan for being impolite!"
"You …" Phoenix glared fiercely at the Li Clan woman. For a moment, she was speechless.
Even though Phoenix did not place the Li Clan woman guarding the entrance in her eyes, if she were to act against the Li Clan in the Snow Drinking Continent, she would be seeking trouble for herself. In the end, Phoenix could only give up.
Even the leaders of the other superpowers could not do anything. They could only place their hopes on their clansmen to survive before the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit and safely undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction.
On the peak of the snowy mountain.
Fuxi sat amidst the snow. He did not place his attention on the Chaotic Origin Great World.
His gaze swept across the entire Chaotic Origin Great World and reached the end of the Snow Drinking Continent.
Over there, there was a thin spatial tear …
Several sharp claws stealthily extended out from the spatial tear. Above the claws, there was a tiny blood eye.
The thing behind the spatial tear was extremely well-hidden. Even when space was torn apart, not a single trace of aura leaked out. It was as if it could naturally fuse with the space.
"Such a concealment sacred art is truly breathtaking. If not for me using the Eight Trigrams Plate to analyze the world, I would not have been able to deduce such a calamity …" Fuxi muttered, "Let me see what exactly you all are planning …"
Initially, Li Shan did not know about the changes happening within the Chaotic Origin Great World.
It was only until the changes occurred in the Chaotic Origin Sea that Fuxi discovered a strand of mystery after using the Eight Trigrams Plate. Naturally, he also discovered that Mind's Eye within the Main Peak of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Being a Paramita Token, why did the Mind's Eye descend without any need for a vessel? This was something that Li Shan could not understand.

Chapter 3060
That enormous eye released a blood mark that enveloped everyone present. At the same time, it released a strand of consciousness.
"Why aren't you making your move?"
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit received this information, it roared out.
Those enormous Chaotic Origin Spirits leaped up from the collapsed Main Peak and charged towards the group.
Even though the other races had temporarily formed an alliance, none of them were willing to sacrifice themselves. They stood at the front and retreated to the edge of the blood mark.
But the blood mark only covered a distance of 30,000 meters. With the speed of those enormous Chaotic Origin Spirits, they arrived in the blink of an eye!
"Children of Li Yuan! Listen to my orders! "Jin Sheng roared out.
He knew that retreating was not a solution. He could only fight to the death with these Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Under Jin Sheng's orders, all the Li Yuan Clansmen brought out their Paramita Talisman. They drew out their weapons and charged towards the incoming Chaotic Origin Spirits!
"Weng!"
Two Li Yuan Clansmen pulled out their hammers. One leaped up and the other crouched down.
Two peculiar cones floated above their heads. These cones were originally a pair. When the two of them carried them at the same time, they could unleash several times more Paramita Talismans!
"Hu, hu!"
That blood-red Chaotic Origin Spirit was enormous. But the Li Yuan Clansmen were not small either.
The two scarlet-gold hammers pincer attacked with frightening power.
Just as the hammers were about to hit that Chaotic Origin Spirit, a red light shot out from not far away. It struck the heads of the two Li Yuan Clansmen.
"Weng …"
The two Li Yuan Clansmen fell into endless fear. Their faces distorted due to fear.
"Ga!"
At the moment when the two Li Yuan Clansmen were seized by fear, that Chaotic Origin Spirit opened its bloody mouth.
"Kacha, kacha!"
It actually bit off the heads of the two Li Yuan Clansmen at an extremely fast speed.
"No!"
When Jin Sheng saw this, he rushed up to help his comrades. But it was already too late.
Under his fury, Jin Sheng's skin seemed to be flowing with many lizards. His skin turned scarlet red as a majestic energy poured down on that Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Hong!"
The Chaotic Origin Spirit received a heavy blow from Jin Sheng and was smashed into the ground, forming a huge crater with a diameter of 30 meters.
These Chaotic Origin Spirits were nurtured by the mother body. They were formed from Chaotic Origin Spirits devouring one another. Hence, they were supported by Chaotic Origin Spirits within their bodies. Hence, they remained unharmed after receiving a heavy blow from Jin Sheng!
This happened not just at Jin Sheng.
The situation of the Golden Crow, You Xiong, and Tian Lang clans was almost exactly the same!
With so many clansmen fighting Chaotic Origin Spirits, they could resist one or two Chaotic Origin Spirits.
But every time they clashed with the Chaotic Origin origin Spirit, the Chaotic Origin Spirit, Chaotic Origin
Being affected by the power of fear at a critical moment could be fatal …
For a time, the various large clans lost many people.
Even though they's Chaotic of the's!'s a!!!
"Time!!"
Ing Li Li of a's!'t't t t t!'t't!'t.
An invisible sword in his hand turned into a rain of swords that rained down on the surface of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
In order to kill the Chaotic Origin Spirit, one had to overload it with energy, causing it to fall into a fatigued state. Mo Yijian was merely consuming the Chaotic Origin Spirit by moving around like this.
"Junior Brother Mo, be careful!" A Heaven Palace disciple reminded.
A red light flew towards Mo Yijian.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit that had been passively receiving a beating revealed its fangs when it saw that red light. It waited until Mo Yijian lost his consciousness before swallowing him whole.
Seeing the red light striking on Mo Yijian, his eyes turned blank. He had lost consciousness.
Mo Yijian who was unconscious would naturally not be affected by the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
If an ordinary cultivator lost his consciousness, it would be equivalent to handing his life over to the enemy.
But the moment Mo Yijian lost his consciousness, he became even more agile. He easily dodged the bite of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Once again, he unleashed an even fiercer attack on the surface of that Chaotic Origin Spirit …
It wasn't just Mo Yijian. Chou Xinghe could similarly avoid the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
It had been some time since he executed the 'Life Puppet Chain'. Now, Chou Xinghe was pierced by the 'Life Puppet Chain' once again.
Chou Xinghe was merely a marionette now. Even if he was struck by the Chaotic Origin Spirit, he would not be affected much …
The Chaotic Origin Spirit could only unleash a limited amount of Chaotic Origin Spirit. After losing those techniques set up in the Main Peak, its strength was greatly reduced.
After some of the other races suffered from the Chaotic Origin Spirit, they rapidly discovered a set of effective methods.
Initially, a dozen or so of them died. But after that, none of them died. The various races were using all their methods to fight against those blood-red Chaotic Origin Spirits.
"Ge ge …"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit could no longer sit still.
These Chaotic Origin Spirits were painstakingly nurtured by it. It might be able to hold on for a short period, but as time passed, it would be defeated.
"Hong!"
The mother's feet suddenly stomped on the main peak, and its tall figure leaped up.
Its enormous body flew through the sky. It was simply like a huge mountain crashing down. And it was crashing down in the direction of the Great Yi Heaven Palace.
"Chou Xinghe, Mo Yijian! Hurry up and dodge! "
Ling Shuang's beautiful face turned pale when she saw this. She hurriedly reminded the other party.
Many races were trapped within a region of 30,000 meters. And this mother body was just a few thousand meters tall. With a light leap, it covered a relatively large region.
Even though the true bodies of Mo Yijian and Chou Xinghe were not under the control of the mother body, they were not fighting without any awareness. The moment danger arrived, they instinctively dodged to the side along with the enormous wind pressure.
"Hong long …"
When the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit smashed down, it created a huge crater that was several hundred meters wide.
This mother body of thousands of meters was overturning rivers and seas within a limited region. At that moment, everyone felt pressured.
Those non-humans who were originally fighting with the other Chaotic Origin Spirits would flee the moment they discovered this thing flying over.
But occasionally, a strand of Terror Energy would strike down, killing two to three of them. These two to three survivors would either be swallowed into the stomach of the mother body or crushed into pieces …
During this process, the Heaven Palace, Nuwa Clan, Ear Rat, and even Golden Crow You Xiong's side were affected. In less than ten breaths of time, 20 to 30 people died!
That enormous eye remained floating in midair. Deep within its eyes, red light was continuously accumulating and being released.
According to this rhythm, it would not take long for it and the mother body to wipe out all these people.
Of course, the most crucial thing was that these people had to survive …
But at this moment, the enormous eye suddenly sensed two auras coming from behind.
Its eyes lightly rolled before moving to the back. It discovered Luo Zheng and Luo Yan.
"With just the two of you?"
The enormous eye released a strand of consciousness.
But the moment it released its Terror Energy, a piece of navy-blue silk cloth appeared in Luo Yan's hand.
The silk cloth was intricately woven. There were many unique veined patterns drawn on it.
At the moment when that red light was released, Luo Yan lightly shook the silk cloth. The Terror Energy that struck towards the two siblings was easily wiped away by the silk cloth.

Chapter 3061
The giant eye did not know what this silk cloth was, but after it felt the green light emitted from the silk cloth, its huge pupils suddenly shrank.
"Buzz!"
The blood-red power of fear formed a spiral and directly covered the Luo siblings.
Such a strong power of fear was enough to make an ordinary Yang Soul fall into endless fear and eventually die from madness.
However, Luo Yan's face did not show the slightest fear. She gently raised the navy blue silk cloth, and the silk cloth expanded in the wind, becoming about ten feet in size.
After the silk cloth unfolded, it spun in front of Luo Yan, and circles of green light bloomed on its surface.
"Whoosh …"
The power of fear poured into the green light, and like snowflakes under the scorching sun, it instantly melted completely.
"The power of fear is indeed strong in some aspects. No matter how strong a person's mind is, there will always be things that they are afraid of. However, the more unorthodox the method, the easier it is to be restrained …" Luo Yan said calmly.
For example, the power of some evil methods was very terrifying. The reason why these methods were difficult to be elegant was not because of their improper origin.
The world was so big, and there were so many people with obsessions who would do anything to become strong.
However, although those evil methods were powerful, they were too easy to be restrained. If one wanted to become a true expert, one could only find a perfect path.
"Hero's Moment!"
Following Luo Yan's soft shout, the green light released from the silk cloth turned into green raindrops that filled the sky, and directly hit the giant eye.
When the giant eye saw those green raindrops, its pupils released a sense of panic.
It had two abilities, but they could not be used now.
The True Vision was an auxiliary ability that could help it distinguish the opponent's weakness more clearly and see through the illusory maze, but it could not help it directly defend against the enemy.
Although the power of fear was powerful, it was completely restrained by this silk cloth.
This inconspicuous silk cloth was one of the Nirvana Realm treasures of Mount Li.
Moment was originally meant as raindrops.
In the twenty-one heavens of the Nirvana Realm, there was a rainforest. Over the years, the rainforest was scattered with a type of green raindrops, known as Green Moment.
When a Yang Soul entered it and was drenched by the raindrops, the fear in its heart would be dispelled.
His entire body would be immersed in the feeling of blind confidence, and he would become incomparably heroic.
Some people would use the Green Flash as an auxiliary Nirvana Token to fuse with it. They would use it to fight against the fear in their hearts during crucial moments and make themselves braver.
The silk cloth was made from the smelting of the Green Flash.
Luo Zheng stood behind the silk cloth. Feeling the green light, he felt an irrepressible impulse in his heart. He was full of confidence.
"Such confidence is too blind …"
With a thought, Luo Zheng circulated the mental cultivation method of the Heart-Flow Sword Scripture and stifled this impulse in the depths of his heart.
"Da da da da da …"
Although the giant eye's speed was not slow, the area covered by the Green Flash was too large, and the giant eye could not avoid all the tiny water droplets.
When the green water droplets landed on the huge eye, a hissing sound could be heard.
The Eye Demon of Fear and the Green Flash were polar opposites. The water droplets had the effect of melting it!
The giant eye continued to transmit a painful consciousness as it quickly retreated.
"Brother, let's chase after it!"
Luo Yan's finger lightly tapped on the center of the silk cloth. Her figure quickly drifted forward. She was extremely nimble.
Luo Zheng's figure floated and followed closely behind her.
When the Main Peak was broken, Luo Zheng was slightly bewildered.
He himself had a Mind's Eye, so he knew how powerful it was.
Especially this giant eye at the peak of the Main Peak. It was much stronger than the one Luo Zheng had. If it could not counter the energy of fear, it would be an unsolvable existence.
But Luo Yan had secretly transmitted to him, saying that the Li Clan had made arrangements for everything.
Seeing how his little sister was behaving, Luo Zheng felt warmth in his heart. She was now an existence that could take charge of everything.
Those Chaotic Origin Spirits were still fighting against the other races. Luo Zheng was worried about her safety. Naturally, he had to protect her.
"Da da da …"
The silk cloth fluttered, causing green raindrops to scatter everywhere.
Some raindrops unintentionally landed on several Ear Mice. These Ear Mice who were originally cowering suddenly changed their nature. They became incomparably valiant as they charged towards those Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Under the constant erosion of the green raindrops, the surface of the giant eye that was originally as clear as a mirror was now filled with holes. The luster of the eye was also dimming.
"Sou …"
For the sake of evading these raindrops, the giant eye circled to the other side of the Main Peak.
Luo Yan lightly stepped on the surface of the Main Peak. Her figure fluttered as the raindrops continued to hit her to the side.
But at the moment she flew over, a voice abruptly sounded.
"This thing is very interesting. I want it!"
"Shua!"
A black figure charged towards Luo Yan at an extremely fast speed.
Luo Yan did not expect that there would be someone hiding at the side of the Main Peak. Her expression changed slightly. She lightly sucked in the silk cloth and spat out a single word, "Protect!"
An unseen light screen enveloped her.
Given Luo Yan's current sacred technique, she could already execute the law with her words.
The words he spat out were enough to protect her.
It would not be easy for prodigies of the same cultivation level to break through this light screen.
However, the power of the black figure far exceeded Luo Yan's expectations. He gently grabbed with one hand. Countless colors stacked together and erupted into a white light. Under the white light's annihilation, the light screen that Luo Yan had summoned shattered like glass.
"You …"
Only then did Luo Yan clearly see that the person who had just arrived was none other than the Evil Deities.
The Evil Deities smirked. Her smile carried a hint of evil.
The power of fear was what gave him a headache. If the giant eye continued to restrict him, he did not have a good way to resist.
As long as he had this silk cloth, nothing would be a problem.
Thus, he chose to make a move at this critical moment.
Just as the Evil Deities reached for the silk cloth, a longsword pierced towards Luo Yan from the side. The sharp sword projection extended endlessly and pierced towards the Evil Deities' palm.
The Evil Deities felt the power of this sword projection. She retracted her smile and her expression turned solemn.
A five-colored light condensed on her palm. That was the Dao Fusion Energy!
The rhombus-shaped Dao Fusion Energy had already been stacked by the Evil Deities to over 120 layers. Its power was frightening and was not any weaker than those Paramita Tokens from the 13 Levels of Heaven.
The Dao Fusion Energy had been condensed to its limit. It exploded the moment it clashed with the sword projection. A terrifying annihilation force spread out in all directions. It was like a blazing sun, attracting the attention of many people and even the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
If it were anyone else who fought with the Evil Deities, they might not be able to dodge in time and be swallowed by this blazing sun.
But Luo Zheng similarly understood the Dao Fusion Energy well!
The purpose of this sword strike was to force the Evil Deities back.
At the moment when the Dao Fusion Energy exploded, he grabbed Luo Yan with one hand. Luo Yan grabbed onto that piece of silk cloth and flew backwards, pulling a distance away from the Evil Deities.

Chapter 3062
That blazing sun bloomed like the sun, but withered at an extremely fast speed.
The light reflected in Luo Zheng's eyes quickly disappeared, and a strange expression flickered in his eyes.
Evil Deities gently raised his hand, and the rhombus-shaped fragments of Daofused energy gathered again, gently pulsing in his palm.
The light of these fragments was very beautiful, but also extremely dangerous.
"I have to thank you for being able to cultivate Daofused energy to such a level," Evil Deities said with a faint smile. "As far as I know, an ordinary person's inner world doesn't have so many Divine Dao existences."
Luo Zheng was silent for a while.
What he cared about wasn't Evil Deities' words, but Daofused energy.
Three thousand Divine Daos was an imaginary number, and some people had more than three thousand types of energy, while others had less than three thousand.
However, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities did cultivate three thousand Divine Daos. This was Chiyou's classification.
Both Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were extremely familiar with these three thousand types of Divine Daos.
But now, Luo Zheng discovered something unique within the Daofused energy. Within the fragments of Daofused energy, there was a faint white arc of light pulsing.
Because this white arc of light only made up one three-thousandth of the Daofused energy, Luo Zheng couldn't clearly perceive it …
What did he integrate into the Daofused energy?
Evil Deities noticed that Luo Zheng was staring at his Daofused energy, and the smile on his face deepened. "Are you puzzled as to why my Daofused energy is so powerful?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied honestly.
"That's because the three thousand divine daos that you're so proud of are incomplete, hahahaha …" The Evil God chortled with glee. "Today, I can broaden your horizons and show you what a truly perfect fusion of dao energy is!"
He spread out his hands, and rhombus-shaped Daofused energy spread out like wings.
The structure of this Daofused energy was extremely complex, and it was in an extremely unstable state, so the power contained within was naturally astonishing.
"Luo Yan, retreat," Luo Zheng ordered.
Luo Yan held the silk cloth in one hand, while his other hand made a series of hand seals.
Although the power of these Dao Fusion energies was terrifying, Luo Yan might not necessarily have no means to resist them.
However, Luo Zheng's tone was very firm. Luo Yan pursed her lips and obeyed her brother's order.
Luo Yan could clearly sense his elder brother's emotions. This traitor who came out of Luo Zheng's Inner World, his elder brother wanted to personally confront him …
"Whoosh …"
Luo Yan's body leapt upwards, creating some distance between them. However, he was still vigilant as he stared at the Evil Deities, as well as the giant eye hiding on the other side of the main peak.
The giant eye was completely restrained by the silk cloth and didn't dare to show its head for a while.
As the Evil Deities pushed gently, the rhombus-shaped energy that looked like feathers flew towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood where he was and didn't dodge at all!
"Boom boom boom boom …"
Many blazing suns exploded around Luo Zheng.
When these blazing suns exploded, their radiance became even brighter. However, the speed at which they were destroyed was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, they disappeared.
Seven tiny suns exploded around Luo Zheng before being extinguished. They didn't injure Luo Zheng at all.
"Did you see it clearly? Hehe! " The Evil Deities laughed, "The profound mysteries hidden within are things you will never be able to unravel in your entire life. In this world, I am the only one who can do it!"
Those non-humans and disciples who were fighting with the Spirits of Chaotic Origin were bewildered when they heard the words of the Evil Deities.
Even though the power of the Dao Fusion Energy was extraordinary, what was this fellow so proud of?
There were so many powerful existences in the Mother World, and quite a few of them were researching on the Dao Fusion Energy. Yet in the end, didn't they choose to give up on it?
These non-humans and disciples admitted that the Evil Deities were formidable. However, they didn't think highly of the Dao Fusion Energy. Carrying the Nirvana Token and obtaining a stronger Nirvana Energy was the right path.
But it wasn't the Evil Deities who were observing this scene.
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, the leaders of the various large clans could see what was happening through the arrays in front of the door.
Like Phoenix and the others, they were frowning. Similarly, they could not understand what the Evil Deities were talking about.
But Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, the leaders of the Li Yuan Clan, Eared Mouse Clan, and You Xiong Clan revealed solemn expressions.
"Brother Lin … there seems to be a unique energy within the Dao Fusion Energy of that black-robed young man?" Qiu Yinhe asked.
Qiu Yinhe and the others did not cultivate that many Deities. But they had some understanding of the energy that existed in this world.
Lin Zhanting nodded solemnly, "I've never seen such energy before …"
"It should be the energy of some Nirvana Token?" An Eared Mouse said.
"It is impossible for the Nirvana Energy to fuse so perfectly." Qiu Yinhe shook his head, "Truly strange …"
Their understanding of energy was ultimately flawed. The majority of them did not know that the Origin Source Energy of this world was not complete.
Fuxi sat quietly on the snowy mountain. He retracted his gaze from the periphery of the Drinking Snow Continent and landed on the core region of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Those blazing suns similarly entered his eyes.
When he noticed the white arc of light amidst this energy, Fuxi's eyes dilated slightly.
'How could this be!'
Fuxi had once fused 3,000 Deities. His understanding of the Dao Fusion Energy was much stronger than all the leaders below the mountain.
'Why would there be an additional energy out of nowhere? This energy … did not exist in the world in the past! That's right … no wonder the Dao Fusion Energy could not be fused completely. Without this strand of energy, it would be impossible to fuse it perfectly. Any effort would be wasted! But where did this brat find it?
Where did he come from? '
Huge waves surged in Fuxi's heart.
In the past, the Dao Fusion Energy was deemed as the most Origin Source Energy in the entire Primal Chaos. The moment it was fused completely, even the Truth Divine Ability could not compare with it.
But so many experts had spent countless years on it yet they could not achieve a breakthrough in the Dao Fusion Energy. In the end, even Fuxi, Donghuang Tai Yi, and others could only conclude that the Dao Fusion Energy could never be perfected.
Evil Deities stared intently at Luo Zheng.
He wanted to see astonishment, shock, disbelief, and other expressions on Luo Zheng's face.
But Evil Deities was disappointed. Luo Zheng remained calm as he looked at Evil Deities. Luo Zheng nonchalantly said: "If I were you, I would definitely not reveal this energy to the public."
"Do you think I am as cowardly as you?" Evil Deities mocked.
"After all, your Dao Fusion Energy cannot be perfected." Luo Zheng shook his head, "If you reveal it now, it will only attract the greed of others."
"Cannot be perfected?" Evil Deities smiled proudly, "I have already fused 2,999 Deities, including this one. Now, only the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao cannot be fused. I am only one step away from perfecting it!"
Evil Deities continued to stare at Luo Zheng as he spoke. But Luo Zheng's expression did not change.

Chapter 3063
Evil Deities had indeed gone further than Luo Zheng on the path of fusing Divine Daos.
Out of the three thousand Divine Daos, he was only missing the last one. Being able to do this with his cultivation was simply inconceivable.
If it had been in the past, Luo Zheng would have been looking forward to seeing what kind of profound meaning would be derived from the unification of Dao.
However, Luo Zheng had learned from the Spirit of Green Jade that the chaos was incomplete to begin with.
Luo Zheng had obtained one of the three flaws through the Green Jade Civilization, which was the Blood Origin Divine Dao. However, he had no clue about the other two flaws.
After deciphering the Sanskrit formed by the blood with Luo Nian's help, he had obtained a hint. The Spirit of Green Jade suspected that one of the flaws had something to do with the sacred fire of the second civilization, the Meta-Spirit Clan, but it still didn't know what it was exactly.
Luo Zheng hadn't expected that one of the flaws would be controlled by Evil Deities!
He didn't know if the arc-like energy was given to him by the black ship's powerhouse or if he had obtained it in the Paramita.
Evil Deities had been complacent ever since they obtained this unique energy.
In their eyes, the day when they completed the unification of Dao wasn't far away.
The only thing that made Evil Deities a little depressed was that this energy seemed to conflict with the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao!
Before this, Evil Deities had experimented with it millions of times!
If he took out the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao alone and inserted the arc of light into it, the 3,000 Divine Daos would be very stable.
If he took out the arc of light and inserted it into the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao, Evil Deities would also be able to maintain the stability of the fusion energy. However, the fusion energy would collapse the moment these two energies were added. There was no room for negotiation.
The arc of light itself was a type of thunderbolt. Thunderbolt energy was explosive and extremely difficult to control. When its characteristics clashed with the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao, the two thunderbolts were like fire and water.
Evil Deities had studied it countless times and even used different arrangements to fuse the Divine Dao, but they all failed …
He even wanted to use the power of the Paramita to suppress it and force the two thunderbolts to fuse the Divine Dao at the same time. However, this path still didn't work.
Luo Zheng's words were like a bolt of lightning that struck Evil Deities' heart.
"What? More than one flaw? "The Evil God stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief.
When the other cultivators in the Chaotic Origin Great World heard this, they did not express anything.
After all, the Dao-Melting energy was not something they had come into contact with, and they did not think that this thing would be very powerful after fusing. The only thing they noticed was the "mountain" not far away.
The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother was still rampaging through this region. If one was careless, one would be crushed by the mother body.
Just as everyone was chased around by the mother, "Mountain" and Mumu finally stood up.
Mumu's curly hair had extended to tens of thousands of feet long, and her slightly exotic little face hidden under the curly hair was completely exposed. Her blue eyes were full of seriousness as she controlled her hair to wrap around her mother's body.
Although the strength of this mother's body was far stronger than hers, in the face of those messy curly hair that couldn't be pulled out, she was actually somewhat helpless.
After Mumu restricted the movement of the mother body, it was up to "Mountain" to suppress the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother.
During the process of suppressing the mother body, Mountain also heard Luo Zheng's words. After pondering for a moment, his tall and sturdy body suddenly trembled. He turned to look at Luo Zheng with astonishment.
And Fuxi who was outside the Chaotic Origin Great World also raised his eyebrows. He muttered: "There is more than one flaw in the Dao-Melting energy? Then how many are there exactly? "
If not for Fuxi being wary of that monster in the crack by the boundary of the Drinking Snow Prefecture, he would have charged in to interrogate Luo Zheng.
Fuxi was more curious about how Luo Zheng knew about it.
The 3,000 Deity Daos were formed from the Primal Chaos Energy. It was the Primal Chaos Energy that was divided into Yin and Yang. Yin and Yang transformed into the Five Elements, and the Five Elements gave birth to the myriad existences.
The pure energy that was continuously divided down was the Dao Accumulation of the 3,000 Deity Daos. It could also be seen as the foundation of the Primal Chaos Energy.
If there was truly a flaw, then the Primal Chaos Energy itself had a flaw. Or even the entire Primal Chaos World had a flaw?
Luo Zheng glanced at Evil Deities indifferently and said: "Yes."
"How did you know?" The eyes of Evil Deities flickered.
Evil Deities understood Luo Zheng's character. He would not casually fabricate a story to deceive him.
But Evil Deities had also experienced a huge fortuitous encounter when he discovered this secret. He had nearly died in the Paramita. He had used his life to exchange for this lump of arc light.
Unless Luo Zheng had discovered something?
Or perhaps he had grasped hold of other flaws?
"Why should I tell you?" Luo Zheng nonchalantly said.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the eyes of Evil Deities flashed slightly. His eyes revealed a trace of haze.
Although he acted abnormally arrogant in front of Luo Zheng, deep in his heart, he still had a deep reverence for Luo Zheng.
Even though Shen Tu had helped him block the connection to the Soul Lodging Land and freed him from Luo Zheng's control, in the end, he was still a creature born from Luo Zheng's Inner World. The fact that Luo Zheng was his creator could not be erased.
This "creator" had many secrets, and Evil Deities was determined to obtain them.
"I don't need you to tell me. I just need to devour you!" Evil Deities grinned maliciously. His aura surged.
"Huala!"
Turbulent Dao Integration Energy spread out. This Dao Integration Energy flashed with magnificent colors and turned into a diamond-shaped giant sword. Evil Deities grasped this giant sword and his figure blurred as he charged straight at Luo Zheng.
"Brother! Be careful! "Luo Yan reminded from above.
"It's useless to be careful, hahaha …" Evil Deities laughed wildly as he waved his giant sword, drawing a colorful arc in the air and chopping down at Luo Zheng's head.
But at this moment, a red circle of light spread out. The fear contained in this circle of light attacked Evil Deities' heart.
Under the highly condensed Dao Integration Energy, it was originally extremely unstable. After being affected by the fear, Evil Deities couldn't control the Dao Integration Energy and exploded, turning into a huge blazing sun!
With such a terrifying annihilation energy, even Evil Deities would suffer a great loss if he was caught in it. He suppressed the fear in his heart and instinctively flew back to avoid it.
Luo Yan held the silk cloth in one hand and gently dripped "Moment of Valor" on his brother to help Luo Zheng dispel the fear. At the same time, he said to Evil Deities, "The person I told my brother to be careful of wasn't you …"
Evil Deities sorted out his thoughts and turned to look at the giant eye on the other side.
This giant eye was only restrained by the silk cloth in Luo Yan's hand. Without that silk cloth, Evil Deities couldn't do anything to it.
Evil Deities had no chance of winning against Luo Zheng and the fear of the giant eye.
He gritted his teeth and dodged to the side of the main peak!
"Brother, should we chase after him?" Luo Yan looked at the black figure and asked.
"Do you think that eye will help us?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"No." Luo Yan shook his head.

Chapter 3064
Facing Evil Deities in a chaotic battle wasn't a wise choice.
Evil Deities could slaughter their way through the Chaotic Origin Great World not just by fusing Dao Energy.
From what that Li Yuan Clansman said, Luo Zheng knew that Evil Deities seemed to be able to descend into a world. This trump card Evil Deities had never used before.
That huge eye would release its Terror Energy at an appropriate time. It was a threat to everyone. Hence, they had to eliminate this threat at this moment!
As for that arc of light in the hands of Evil Deities, it was also something that Luo Zheng had to get.
The huge eye felt extremely gloomy.
On one hand, it released its Terror Energy to help the Chaotic Origin Spirit. On the other hand, that huge sword formed by Evil Deities was incredibly powerful.
If Evil Deities were to land a hit, it would help it eliminate a formidable opponent.
Currently, the huge eye no longer thought of snatching the fleshy bodies of these people. It was already good enough for it to survive.
Yet it had never thought that Luo Yan's alertness was so high. He immediately used the Moment of Heroism to protect Luo Zheng. And Evil Deities was even more baffled. How could such a powerful huge sword explode in his hands?
Feeling helpless, the huge eye turned around and tunneled into the Main Peak.
Luo Zheng saw the huge eye tunneling into the Main Peak. He immediately changed his direction and punched out a huge hole in the wall of the Main Peak. He and Luo Yan then tunneled into this hole.
The Main Peak was currently in a horizontal position. The huge eye and Luo Zheng tunneled into the Main Peak at three-quarters of the height.
Previously, the huge eye had set up layers of mechanisms here. Especially the various Devil Eye Sculptures of Fear carved on the walls.
At the moment when Luo Zheng entered, the Terror Energy of the huge eye gushed out. At the same time, the eyeballs of the Devil Eye Sculptures of Fear flickered with strands of dark red light.
"Sou sou sou sou sou …"
These red lights came straight at Luo Zheng from all directions from different angles.
"Go crazy for me!"
At this moment, the giant eye also had a desperate attitude.
When his power of fear was squeezed to the limit, it was enough to drown the other party's mind, causing the other party's memories to become chaotic. It could even erase normal memories, leaving behind only endless fear, turning the other party into a lunatic who was constantly in fear.
Luo Zheng's expression changed when he saw the Fear power gathering from all directions.
Seeing this scene, Luo Yan coldly snorted and gently pulled Luo Zheng's arm. The silk cloth flickered with a blue light and turned into a huge cloak, covering both her and Luo Zheng.
No matter how powerful the power of fear was, it couldn't do anything to the two siblings, Luo Yan and Luo Zheng.
"Brother, I'll help you get there," Luo Yan whispered in his ear.
If the giant eye released an endless amount of Fear, they would probably be trapped inside forever.
Many clans were currently fighting with the Chaotic Origin Spirits outside. He did not know what kind of trouble the Evil Deities would cause. Hence, he had to end the battle as soon as possible.
"Alright." Luo Zheng nodded.
Strands of green light once again condensed on the surface of this green silk cloth. The green light transformed into strands of translucent Moment of Valor. At the moment Luo Yan pulled the silk cloth, the green light transformed into Moment of Valor and bathed Luo Zheng's body.
Under the protection of the Moment of Valor, Luo Zheng left behind a series of afterimages in the air. In the blink of an eye, he had charged towards the giant eye.
"Don't come over!"
The giant eye let out a hysterical consciousness. The red light in its eyes became denser and denser as it struck the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
But the Moment of Valor was too effective against the power of fear. This attack from the giant eye did not affect Luo Zheng at all.
"Hong!"
Luo Zheng's sword pierced through the pupil of the giant eye.
The eyes were practically the weakest part of all living beings. The Eye Devil Clan was no exception.
But in the chaos created by the Eye Devil Clan, no living being dared to face their eyes. Otherwise, they would only be met with endless fear.
Under this sword, the pupil of the giant eye was directly cut open.
The pitch-black pupil dispersed, soaking in the surrounding white. It was a tragic sight.
"Wu wu …"
Under the pain, the giant eye quickly wanted to roll back, trying to drill deeper into the main peak.
But Luo Zheng would not give it a chance. He raised his sword and a white sword light flashed.
His right eye emitted a white light. That was another ability unique to the Eye Devil Clan.
"Nine Flash Split Light!"
Luo Zheng's sword light was sharp and fast. In the blink of an eye, it was unknown how many sword strikes he had made.
Sword marks were left on the surface of the giant eye!
These sword marks were rapidly healing, but the old sword marks did not close. New sword marks appeared on the surface of the eyeball again.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
After Luo Zheng made hundreds of sword strikes in a row, the giant eye finally stopped struggling. It was fixed in place, motionless.
After observing for a moment, Luo Zheng slowly approached the giant eye.
Currently, he could not determine what kind of existence this giant eye was. If the Eye Devil Clan was a Paramita Lifeform, it was impossible for it to appear in the Chaotic Origin Great World unless it was a Paramita Token.
But if this thing was a Paramita Token, who was the one who sent it here?
Just as Luo Zheng approached the giant eye, a blood light burst out once again. This blood light seemed to be burning. Even though Luo Zheng had the protection of the Moment of Heroism, he could still feel this heart-palpitating energy.
"It is burning itself?"
The Paramita Token could be used to squeeze out the most terrifying power through burning.
But the bearer would also die. Furthermore, the bearer would have to suffer an even more intense pain. Most people would not choose to do so unless they were at the end of the road.
However, just as the eyeball began to burn, a green silk cloth covered the eyeball, wrapping it tightly.
Luo Yan lifted up the silk cloth wrapping the giant eye. His finger flicked on it several times. At the same time, he spat out a single word, "Seal!" The giant eye was completely sealed by the silk cloth.
Following which, she said to Luo Zheng, "Brother, I want to pass this thing to Li Shan."
Saying that, she gently extended her finger and tapped on her sumeru ring, sucking this giant eye into her sumeru ring.
This time, after entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was Luo Yan's mission to deal with this Eye Devil.
Li Shan was also interested in this eye. After subduing it, Luo Yan would naturally report back to Fuxi.
If it were anyone else, it would not be so easy to take away this giant eye in front of Luo Zheng. But since Luo Yan had spoken, Luo Zheng would naturally not say another word.
At this moment, several loud explosions could be heard coming from outside. Luo Zheng then said, "Let's go out!"
The 30,000 meters wide blood marks created by the giant eye using the energy of fear had completely disappeared. After everyone was no longer restricted by the blood marks, they became much more agile.
For instance, those few Ear Mice were chased by the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. Since they could not defeat the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, the Ear Mice could hide within the arrays. The Spirit of Chaotic Origin could not do anything to them.

Chapter 3065
Amidst the chaos, another Chaotic Origin Spirit fell. As the Chaotic Origin Spirits devoured each other, they had strengthened themselves to an extremely powerful level.
But the speed of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was not considered fast. Even though its defense was astonishing, it could only become a moving target when facing the outstanding experts and geniuses of the various races.
A Moon Spirit clansman was currently enveloped in a faint light screen.
This light screen could distort light, allowing her to conceal herself completely.
If one did not use their Divine Consciousness to probe, it was hard to discover her existence.
When she saw that Chaotic Origin Spirit collapsing, she immediately drew an arc in the sky. Extending her hand, she kept a handful of Chaotic Origin Spirits into her Sumeru Ring.
She estimated that there were about 300 Chaotic Origin Spirits. It was sufficient for her to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Her little brother was still within the array. It was too dangerous outside. Hence, she decided to give the extra 100 Chaotic Origin Spirits to her little brother.
This Moon Spirit clansman was filled with joy. She immediately rushed towards an array not far away.
Entering the array meant that she was absolutely safe. Furthermore, no one could discover her existence amidst the chaos!
Just as she was about a hundred meters away from the array, an enormous black figure enveloped her.
The Moon Spirit clansman felt something amiss. She subconsciously raised her head.
A huge Li Yuan clansman descended from the sky. He was holding a brown great hammer that was releasing a powerful Paramita Energy.
"Hong!"
The fleshy body of this Moon Spirit clansman was directly smashed apart by the Li Yuan clansman. The Li Yuan clansman extended his hand and grabbed her Sumeru Ring, throwing all the miscellaneous items on the ground. He then took away those Chaotic Origin Spirits before entering the array 30 meters away.
The little brother of that Moon Spirit clansman was hiding within the array. After personally witnessing everything, he was stunned.
The Li Yuan clansman glared at this Moon Spirit clansman with disdain, "This Chaotic Origin Spirit is killed by our Li Yuan Clan. A mere Moon Spirit clansman dares to snatch it away? You are simply seeking death!"
If not for the protection of the array, the Li Yuan clansman would have killed this Moon Spirit clansman too.
In front of a superpower, ordinary small clans did not have much authority to speak.
On another side.
Huo Ze brought out a violet vine.
The vine grew and multiplied endlessly. It revolved around a Chaotic Origin Spirit.
These vines were extremely tough. Blades and swords could not harm them at all. Even if the Chaotic Origin Spirit tore apart the vines, they could still grow back rapidly.
That Chaotic Origin Spirit continued roaring and howling. Yet it had nowhere to vent its energy. It could only struggle futilely.
Behind the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, Ling Shuang and her avatar wielded their swords at the same time.
Buzz!
Those sword lights were like silver clouds floating in the air.
All the sword lights continued to merge, from ten thousand to five thousand, from five thousand to two thousand, one thousand, five hundred …
In the end, it turned into a highly condensed sword light.
"Taiyi Lingxi Sword Slash!"
"Hua!"
This sword light went straight for the Chaotic Origin Spirit, striking its back.
"Boom!"
Ling Shuang was not too surprised that the unbreakable Spiritual Rhino Sword Slash could not break through the defense of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Before the Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued, its defense was unbreakable.
But the energy of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin would be rapidly depleted. After slashing a few more times, the crystal of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin would become fatigued. Naturally, Xue Ying could easily kill this Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
"Hong!"
After a round of attacks from Ling Shuang, the Rainbow Stone followed closely behind, striking the back of this Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
Even though Lan Qing's attacks were not as sharp as Ling Shuang and Feng Ge's, the frequency of her attacks was extremely dense. That Rainbow Stone naturally disappeared the moment it struck the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. Once again, it appeared in Lan Qing's hand. Following that, Lan Qing lightly tossed it over again.
By the side, Feng Ge also brought out his King Stone Hill, slashing out countless blazing sword lights …
At this moment, Chou Xue was in a slightly awkward situation. Previously, he had once again used the Life Slaughter Chain. Hence, he could only watch by the side and occasionally remind the others.
Under the continuous attacks of the group, this Spirit of Chaotic Origin finally became fatigued. Its huge body was dismembered, and the Chaotic Origin Spirit that fused into its body flowed all over the ground.
Seeing this amber-colored crystal, everyone's face revealed a trace of joy.
A single Spirit of Chaotic Origin actually contained 2,000 Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. No wonder this thing was so powerful.
But the moment they killed this thing, they would gain quite a bountiful harvest. The crystal of this Spirit of Chaotic Origin was sufficient for ten people to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin!
At the moment when they killed the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, three figures flew over.
These three were actually from the Divine Farmer Clan. Judging from their attire and appearance, they should be three brothers.
The three of them had been observing in the dark for a long time. At the moment when they saw this Spirit of Chaotic Origin falling, they took advantage of the moment when the others were concentrating their attention to rush over to the pile of Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Big Brother! Keep! "
One of them with a small mustache said.
Another muscular man with a bare upper body waved his hand lightly, keeping all the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals on the ground into his Sumeru Ring.
"Search! Die! "
Feng Ge's eyes turned red when he saw this.
For the sake of shattering this Spirit of Chaotic Origin, the group of them had fought bitterly for half a day. How could they allow others to snatch it away?
Her eyes flashed with golden light. King Stone Hill's thousand left hands swung their swords at the same time.
"Myriad Swords!"
The thousand swords intertwined with each other, forming a dense sword net.
"Return to One!"
King Stone Hill's left hand slashed out at the same time.
This three-dimensional sword net was like a cage, imprisoning an even more frightening sword light. That sword light was fused with the Golden Crow Divine Fire, emitting a scorching aura as it blasted towards the three brothers.
It was not just Feng Ge who attacked. Ling Shuang had also activated her Taiyi Sword Art. Huo Ze, Lan Qing, the other Nine Li Tribesmen, and some other Heavenly Palace disciples who joined later also attacked the three brothers.
These three brothers had quite a history in the Divine Farmer Clan. Even though they were not as strong as "Shan" and "Mu Mu", they were still existences close behind.
Since they dared to snatch the Spirit of Chaotic Origin in front of the Heavenly Palace, they were naturally confident in their own abilities.
"Realm of Dark Shadow!"
The leader of the three brothers patted lightly on the top of his head. A jet-black gemstone floated out from the top of his head and revolved non-stop.
As this gemstone revolved, the bodies of the three gradually turned illusory.
"Stone of Dark Realm?" Chou Xue raised his eyebrows when he saw this gemstone.
This gemstone was a mysterious Nirvana Token. Once it was activated, it would allow the user and those around him to enter a unique state. Under this state, all attacks would be rendered useless.
"Hua hua hua …"
Countless sword lights pierced through their bodies. The bodies of the three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan were like ripples on the surface of water. They merely rippled for a while and were unharmed!
Seeing this, the expressions of the Heavenly Palace disciples turned gloomy.
The three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan revealed a smug smile. The leader said, "Let's go! We will be safe once we enter the array! "

Chapter 3066
After the three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan entered the array, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace could only watch helplessly.
They could safely refine these Spirits of Chaotic Origin. They could even give the excess Spirits of Chaotic Origin to the other members of the Divine Farmer Clan.
Under the state of the Realm of Shadows, the three brothers were moving very slowly.
But no matter how the disciples of the Heavenly Palace attacked, they could not affect the three of them at all. It was only a matter of time before they entered the array.
Ling Shuang, Feng Ge and the others attacked several times. They had used various methods to no avail. Their expressions turned unsightly.
"It's useless!" The tallest of the three brothers laughed heartily as he said with a proud expression.
"The level of energy isn't high enough. We can't break the Realm of Shadows." Chou Xinghe appeared relatively calm.
Feng Ge said with a straight face, "What is the level of energy?"
Chou Xinghe stared at the three Divine Farmer Clan members who were constantly moving. After pondering for a moment, he said, "All the energy in the Primal Chaos can be explained as the flow of energy. But there are different levels of energy …"
Chou Xinghe did not have a deep understanding of this knowledge. But he still had a general understanding of the classification of energy levels.
True Origin was the lowest level of energy flow. The mortal cultivators in the Mother World mostly used True Origin in their inner worlds.
When True Origin was condensed to the extreme, it would be the Divine Path. The Dao Connotation of the Divine Path was a type of energy. Its efficiency of flow was much higher than True Origin. It was the second level of energy.
And the energy of the Paramita Token belonged to the third level of energy. It was also the most widely used level by the experts in the Mother World.
However, the Nirvana Realm tokens themselves possessed all sorts of strange abilities, especially the energy contained in the mysterious Nirvana Realm tokens that could reach a higher level. For example, the Realm of Shadows was actually not difficult to break. As long as one could touch it or even affect them, the Realm of Shadows would automatically dispel itself.
Some of the Nirvana Realm tokens had unique abilities that could break through the Realm of Shadows.
But the disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not have such abilities. They could only watch as the three brothers slowly drifted away.
At this moment, not only were the disciples of the Heavenly Palace angry, Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting and the leaders of the other mountains who were at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World were also furious.
They had just gotten the Chaotic Origin Spirit, yet it was snatched away by the Divine Farmer Clan just like that. How could they not be infuriated?
The leader of the Divine Farmer Clan sneered at Qiu Yinhe. This time, they could protect ten members of the Divine Farmer Clan to undergo the Chaotic Origin Reconstruction. How could they not be happy?
Just as the three brothers had moved two zhang away, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan circled around from the other side.
He had just sealed the Mind's Eye with Luo Yan. Seeing the murderous and helpless expressions on the faces of the Heavenly Palace disciples, he was slightly taken aback and asked, "What happened?"
"They have snatched away our Chaotic Origin Spirits!" Feng Ge angrily said.
"Snatch it?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He flicked his Snow Sword lightly, and a cold light shot towards the three brothers.
"Sou!"
The sword light instantly pierced through the three of them. The figures of the three men flashed slightly, and the three brothers actually laughed loudly at the same time.
"This brat thinks he can hurt us!"
"What a fool!"
"Most of the Heavenly Palace disciples are ignorant and ill-informed. Forgive them!"
The three brothers were even more delighted. Their floating speed was originally very slow. When they saw Luo Zheng, they actually turned a corner and moved towards Luo Zheng. Their provocation was self-evident.
"Brother Luo Zheng, ordinary methods can't break this Realm of Shadows." Chou Xinghe reminded, "But it's said that the Realm of Shadows is very fragile and can be easily disturbed. That's because the Stone of Shadows obtained from the Temple of Shadows in the 13th Heaven is of the lowest grade."
"Hmph, even if it's the lowest grade Stone of Shadows, it's not something that trash from the Heavenly Palace can break." One of the three Divine Farmer Clan brothers snorted coldly.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. His right eye flashed with a trace of red light. After releasing his Terror Energy, he charged towards the three brothers.
"Terror Energy?"
"This brat knows it too?"
The three Divine Farmer Clan brothers were similarly startled when they felt the Terror Energy.
But the Terror Energy still could not disturb the Realm of Shadows. It directly passed through the bodies of the three brothers.
Luo Yan frowned slightly by the side. The crimson Wah Shadow was released from her body. Many thin red tentacles also lashed out at the three brothers. But it was to no avail.
Chou Xinghe sighed before saying, "The difference in energy level is huge. This Realm of Shadows cannot be broken."
"Energy level …"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
This was not the first time Luo Zheng heard of this saying. Previously in the Deity Realm, he had used the Truth Square Crystal to break Dongfang Chunjun's Yin Yang Furnace.
The reason why the energy of the Truth Square Crystal could break the Yin Yang Furnace was because its energy level was higher than the Yin Yang Furnace.
"Give up, Luo Zheng. Let's find other Chaotic Origin Spirits." Luo Yan said.
The biggest Chaotic Origin Spirit was being held back by You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shen Nong, and the other clans. There were still many other smaller Chaotic Origin Spirits. Even though killing the Chaotic Origin Spirits was troublesome, it was still better than wasting time here.
Feng Ge's gaze swept to the other side as he searched for a new target.
Looking at the three Divine Farmer Clan brothers walking past him with complacent expressions, Luo Zheng gently extended his hand. A small green square crystal appeared in his palm.
The three Divine Farmer Clan brothers stared at the surface of this green square crystal.
This green square crystal could be used to defend against enemies when Luo Zheng was still at the True God Realm.
But Luo Zheng lacked the bloodline of a Chaotic Ancient God. Hence, he could not produce more Truth Square Crystals. The pure strength of the "Falling Star Hand" was not enough.
The three brothers did not recognize the Truth Square Crystal. But after observing it, they did not discover any powerful energy within it. Hence, they did not panic.
Then Luo Zheng waved his hand downwards.
A green maelstrom appeared above the heads of the three brothers. As that maelstrom spiraled, a speck of green starlight came crashing down.
Seeing the power of the Falling Star Hand, Luo Zheng smiled bitterly in his heart. It was indeed too weak to be condensed from a piece of Truth Square Crystal.
Chou Xue. Feng Ge and the others were disapproving when they saw that starlight. The strength of that starlight was not even one-ten-thousandth of their full strength.
But when the crowd at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World saw this emerald green energy, their expressions turned solemn.
"This is …"
"Is this an energy at the Truth Level?"
"It's very weak. But it is valuable."
Many leaders could determine the level of energy contained in the "Falling Star Hand".
When Qiu Yinhe saw this thing, he was shocked once again. He subconsciously looked at Lin Zhanting by the side.
They did not expect Luo Zheng to have this hidden card.
What was his relationship with the Chaotic Ancient God?
Fuxi stood on the peak of the snow mountain. When he saw the green light emitted by the Falling Star Hand, his expression did not change. He already knew this outcome when he was at the bottom of the Chaotic Origin Great World.

Chapter 3067
The three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan were originally in an illusory state, as if they were three ghosts floating in the air.
The previous methods that the disciples of the Heavenly Palace had tried had passed through them without affecting them at all.
However, the Realm of Shadows also had a great disadvantage. They relied on the Realm of Shadows to maintain a delicate balance. If they were careless, the balance would be broken. Therefore, the three of them were moving very carefully and extremely slowly.
The green starlight fell down like a small stone thrown into a lake. It was so weak that it couldn't cause any real damage to the Realm of the Nirvana.
However, the starlight didn't pass through their bodies like other people's attacks. It hit the three brothers without a doubt.
"Bo!"
The moment the starlight bloomed, the three figures were like a broken mirror, blooming with cracks and fragments.
After the fragments were quickly peeled off from the surface of their bodies, the three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan stumbled out of the Realm of Shadows.
The three brothers obviously didn't expect that the seemingly ordinary starlight could cause such an effect.
Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and the others also widened their eyes. After all, the power of the Falling Star Hand was so weak that it was negligible. It was ridiculous that it could break the Realm of Shadows just like that.
"It's the level of energy …" Chou Xizhi murmured.
He was more confused than the others.
When he saw Luo Zheng take out the starlight, he didn't feel the movement of the Nirvana Power. Instead, he condensed a green square crystal. This square crystal wasn't the Taoist Connotation of the Divine Path, and it couldn't be the True Core Visualization. The only possibility was the bloodline.
However, the energy level of the bloodline power could generally only reach about level three. Some weak bloodline power had the same energy level as the Taoist Connotation of the Divine Path. What kind of bloodline did Luo Zheng have?
Chou Xizhi's conjecture was completed entirely by intuition, but it was infinitely close to the truth.
However, in Chou Xizhi's memory, the bloodline power of many superpowers couldn't have such a high energy level.
The three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan were also dumbfounded.
Although they weren't weak in the Divine Farmer Clan, how could the three of them fight against so many disciples of the Heavenly Palace?
However, these three brothers were also outstanding members of the Divine Farmer Clan. When the Dark Shadow Realm was broken, one of them turned his hands over, and two Ghost Head Machetes appeared in his hands. Then he slashed the machetes toward Luo Zheng with both hands.
At this distance, he didn't fear anyone!
However, just as the broadsword was about to chop down on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's hands had already transformed into two black hands, which simultaneously stretched upwards. Clang! Clang! Following two crisp sounds, the blade was unable to penetrate any deeper into the web between Luo Zheng's thumb and forefinger.
"These hands …" The man's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at the other party. His Nirvana Power surged violently. With a sudden twist of his hands, the two broadswords were twisted into fried dough twists. If this person did not withdraw his hands in time, his arms would also be twisted into fried dough twists!
"Retreat!"
The three of them didn't have the slightest bit of delusion after their first attack failed. They quickly retreated in another direction.
Currently, the members of the Divine Farmer Clan were working together with other great clans to deal with the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. As long as they regrouped with their clansmen, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace would not dare to touch them.
But how could the people of the Heavenly Palace allow these three people to escape?
Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Mo Yijian and the others acted almost at the same time. Chaotic sword rays formed a wall that enveloped the three people.
When the three people of the Divine Farmer Clan saw these sharp and powerful sword rays, they were so frightened that their faces turned pale. One of them even shouted, "I, I will return the Chaotic Origin Spirit to you. Don't, don't kill me!"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace weren't three-year-old children. They knew clearly how valuable the Chaotic Origin Spirit was.
This was something that they had risked their lives to obtain. These fellows had snatched it away. Now that they were forced to reveal their true forms by Luo Zheng, they wanted to return it and write off the debt? There was no such thing in the world.
"Since you dared to snatch the Chaotic Origin Spirit of our Heavenly Palace, you should be prepared to lose your life," Luo Zheng said calmly as he stood on the spot. Now, there was no need for him to act personally.
Just as those sword rays formed a net that surrounded the three people and closed in, a figure descended from the sky and landed beside the three people.
"Earth Fiend Protection!"
This person spread out his hands, and an earthen-yellow mountain illusion spread out from his body. This illusion immediately enveloped him and the three brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …
All kinds of sword rays slashed on the mountain illusion, giving off a series of crisp sounds. It was as if someone was striking a huge bell.
This person was the Divine Farmer Clan's "Mountain".
"Disciples of the Heavenly Palace, now that we are facing a great enemy, why should we kill each other?" Mountain said calmly.
The origin of "Mountain" was very mysterious. Other than Mu Mu, he was the most powerful person in the Divine Farmer Clan.
When he was fighting with the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, he saw his clansmen being besieged by the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. He immediately rushed over and blocked the attacks of the disciples.
"Kill each other? Does your Divine Farmer Clan have the face to say such words? " Feng Ge scolded sternly, "Our Chaotic Origin Spirit has been snatched away by these three people. Since they are seeking death, they can't blame us."
After being scolded by Feng Ge, Mountain frowned. He didn't expect the three brothers would do such a thing. He said calmly, "Zhao Chen, return the Chaotic Origin Spirit to them."
When the three brothers saw "Mountain" appeared at the crucial moment, they felt they had a backer. Their originally weakened arrogance became arrogant again.
The Divine Farmer Clan wasn't afraid of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Moreover, the Divine Farmer Clan had the backing of the You Xiong Clan, the Golden Crow Clan, and other clans. These disciples of the Heavenly Palace were seeking death by bullying them.
When Zhao Chen, the oldest of the three brothers, was about to mock Feng Ge, "Mountain" actually asked them to return the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Why should we return it to them? Are we afraid of them? "Zhao Chen, the oldest of the three brothers, said unwillingly.
Hearing that, killing intent flashed in the eyes of Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and the others. It seemed it was useless to talk nonsense with these fellas.
"I'll just ask you to return it. Why are you spouting nonsense?" Mountain's eyes were also filled with anger.
The younger generation of the Divine Farmer Clan was afraid of "Mountain". However, "Mountain" had a gentle personality. Nobody had ever seen him getting angry before.
After sensing the anger of "Mountain", the hearts of Zhao Chen and his brothers trembled slightly. They hurriedly poured out the Chaotic Origin Spirits from their spatial rings.
That Zhao Chen personally returned so many Chaotic Origin Spirits. Naturally, he felt heartache. But he was helpless.
Just as Mountain was about to bring the three brothers away, Luo Zheng's indifferent voice sounded, "Are you treating it as if nothing happened after returning these Chaotic Origin Spirits?"

Chapter 3068
Ever since they entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, You Xiong, Shen Nong, Golden Crow, and the other great clans had been hostile towards the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
Luo Zheng had been offended by these clans time and time again. It was simply a dream to let this matter pass so easily.
"What do you want?" Mountain stared at Luo Zheng calmly.
"Leave three lives behind or take out an equivalent amount of Chaotic Origin Spirits." Luo Zheng said.
After killing this Spirit of Chaotic Origin, they had obtained a total of over 2,000 pieces of Chaotic Origin Spirits. It was sufficient for ten people to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin.
What Luo Zheng meant was for the Divine Farmer Clan to take out another 2,000 pieces of Chaotic Origin Spirits.
When Zhao Chen and his brothers heard Luo Zheng's request, their expressions changed once again. Compensating them with an additional 2,000 pieces of Chaotic Origin Spirits was worse than killing them!
"You are asking for an exorbitant price!"
"If you want us to compensate with so many Chaotic Origin Spirits, why don't you just rob us?"
"Dream on!"
The three brothers said agitatedly.
The expression of "Mountain" sank slightly.
Previously, the Divine Farmer Clan members had worked together to kill a Spirit of Chaotic Origin and obtained more than 2,000 pieces of Chaotic Origin Crystals. Furthermore, all of them were in the hands of "Mountain". He did have the ability to compensate them.
But there were many members of the Divine Farmer Clan too. If he were to hand over these Chaotic Origin Spirits to Luo Zheng, ten members of the Divine Farmer Clan would lose the chance to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin. This was a huge loss.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all.
Currently, everyone was fighting to kill the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. They did not have much time to be in a stalemate here.
But words spoken were like water spilled. If the Divine Farmer Clan was unwilling, they could not blame him for being heartless.
Even though Luo Yan did not say a word, she was still leaning on Luo Zheng.
Her brother's enemy was her enemy. And she represented the Nuwa Clan of Li Shan.
If Mountain were to act here, he would definitely implicate Li Shan …
"Mountain" was ultimately not a person who would hesitate. In just three breaths of time, he had already seen through the situation.
But now was not the time to be troubled over this. He immediately made his decision. With a flip of his hand, his Sumeru Ring flashed with light. The Chaotic Origin Spirits poured out from the ring, forming a pile.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to count them carefully, but the pile of heads was similar to that of Zhao Chen and his two brothers.
"Let's go," Shan said.
When the three brothers saw the piles of Chaotic Origin Spirits on the ground, their hearts ached so much that their faces turned green. But they were helpless. They could only glare viciously at Luo Zheng before leaving.
Chou Xinghe looked at the back of "Mountain" and said softly, "This person is quite decisive..."
Although as a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, Chou Xue knew very well that the clansmen of Shennong and the Golden Crow were extremely weak in the face of Youxiong, Chou Xue faintly felt that if the "Mountain" did not admit defeat, he would probably suffer a great loss.
Luo Zheng lightly extended his hand, causing an unseen energy to stick to all the Chaotic Origin Spirits. With a hook of his finger, those Chaotic Origin Spirits tunneled into his Sumeru Ring.
"We will distribute these Chaotic Origin Spirits in a while." Luo Zheng said.
He originally wanted to let Lan Qing, Huo Ze and the other Nine Li Clansmen enter the array first. After all, there were only a few outstanding disciples left in the Nine Li Clansmen. But thinking that the other Heavenly Palace disciples would definitely not accept it, it was better to distribute them later.
At this moment, a series of screams could be heard not far away. A Chaotic Origin Spirit leaped up, pouncing on two Celestial Wolf Clansmen. Its huge body had already turned them into meat paste.
In the past, the Chaotic Origin Great World was relatively friendly to some of the smaller clans.
Even if they were to wander around the outer perimeter, they could dig out bits and pieces of Chaotic Origin Spirits that could allow them to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin.
But this time, with all the Chaotic Origin Spirits gathered at the Main Peak, the cruel side of the Heavenly Palace was revealed.
To a superpower like the Great Yi Heavenly Palace, these Chaotic Origin Spirits were prey. But the smaller clans did not have the strength to hunt them down. They might even die if they were careless.
"Let's go!" Feng Ge said as he took the lead to fly over.
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace saw this Chaotic Origin Spirit, their eyes brightened. This Chaotic Origin Spirit represented two to three thousand Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan's figures flashed. They also chased after that Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was tough and powerful. But its speed was absolutely inferior. It could not resist against all sorts of attacks.
If it was in the Main Peak, it would be unparalleled when it worked with the huge eye. But under the situation where the Main Peak was destroyed and the huge eye was sealed, the Chaotic Origin Spirit was not that terrifying.
That Chaotic Origin Spirit was constantly roaring and struggling. Yet it could not injure any of the Heaven Palace disciples. It was like a powerful beast that was trapped in an invisible space by the group of cultivators, slowly whittling away the energy of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal within its body.
In less than 20 to 30 breaths of time, this Chaotic Origin Spirit let out an ear-piercing roar. After waving its four limbs in the air for a while, it fell to the ground with a 'putong'. Feng Ge and Ling Shuang took the lead. Two sword lights slashed at the abdomen of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, causing the Chaotic Origin Spirit within its body to be completely crystallized.
Many crystals flowed out.
Many great clans were currently attacking these twenty to twenty meters tall Chaotic Origin Spirits. Every clan had some gains and accumulated quite a number of Chaotic Origin Spirit crystals.
But there was ultimately a limit to the number of Chaotic Origin Spirits. When they could no longer find any new Chaotic Origin Spirits, everyone focused their attention on the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
This main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was more than 3,000 meters tall. It was just like a mountain.
One could imagine how many Chaotic Origin Spirits were hidden within it!
The Li Yuan Clan, You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shennong, Nuwa, and several hundred other clansmen were currently fighting against this main body.
Many Golden Crows had turned into golden flames that revolved around the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. From time to time, one could see golden sparks bursting out from the body of the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Even though it was being attacked by so many people, the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit did not show any signs of fatigue. It remained ferocious and extraordinary.
After so many years of recuperation, this main body had already grown to a terrifying stage!
"All of you, die!"
The eyes of the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit were filled with hatred. It could not wait to devour all of these outsiders alive.
These fellows might be weak, and their bodies were negligible. But all of them were as cunning as mosquitoes. They flew here and there. The main body of the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit chased after them, yet all of its attacks were nimbly dodged.
After Luo Zheng led the disciples from the Heaven Palace to kill two Chaotic Origin Spirits, he turned his attention to the final main body. They would definitely get a share of the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the main body of the main body.
At this moment, the black fog by the horizon started surging once again.
"The wind is rising again?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
When everyone saw the surging black fog, their expressions changed.
When the wind rose, who knew where they would be blown to?
And the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was not afraid of the wind. If they dug into the ground to hide, they would definitely die.
"Hide in the array!"
Someone regained his senses.
He shouted.

Chapter 3069
At the moment they tunneled into the array, the inscriptions inscribed on the ground flashed with golden light. An oval-shaped light barrier covered the top of everyone's head.
Many disciples of the great clans could freely travel within the light barrier. But everything within the Chaotic Origin Great World would be blocked outside, be it the hurricanes or the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
"Hu …"
After the majority of them tunneled into the array, the hurricane in the Chaotic Origin Great World started blowing again.
Some of the non-humans who could not enter the array in time were directly swept away by the hurricane. This time, they were blown away by the hurricane for several tens of thousands of kilometers.
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was still enraged. The intense hurricane could not blow it away at all.
The plan of that enormous eye was simply laughable. It had nearly caused the death of all its clansmen, leaving behind only it.
Currently, it only wanted revenge. It wanted to kill as many as it could.
But those fellows were like damnable rats. The moment the hurricane came, they would scatter and hide within the array.
It was not that the Chaotic Origin Spirit Clan had never researched this array. Over the long years, the Chaotic Origin Spirits had tried to destroy this array. But this array was inscribed in the void and could not be destroyed.
The moment the array was activated, the light barrier formed would be able to withstand a powerful force.
The mother body had once attempted to destroy this light barrier. Yet it ended in failure.
But during these ten years, the mother body had fused with the other Chaotic Origin Spirits, greatly increasing its strength.
It moved its feet and walked towards the nearest magic formation.
"The mother body is coming over!"
"It is coming over here!"
"What are you panicking for? This array is set up by a powerful existence in the Mother World. It is indestructible! "
This array gathered the Cangling Clan. This clan lived by the river. They had a half-human half-snake body just like the Nuwa Clan. But they had scales as their legs and tentacles growing out from their faces. They looked powerful.
The Cangling Clan was still very confident in their arrays. Over the years, these arrays had never encountered any problems.
The mother body walked to the nearest array. It abruptly lifted a thick and muscular leg and stomped down on the array.
Seeing that enormous leg stomping down, the Cangling Clan members still shrank back. All the clansmen squeezed together. They were all nervous.
"Kuang!"
Even the whistling of the wind could not cover up this loud noise.
The light barrier merely shook slightly before returning to its original state.
"It's fine …"
"It can't break the array!"
"I already told you!"
The Cangling clansmen breathed a sigh of relief.
All of the foreign beings in the other formations were also relieved to see this.
If the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit could break apart the light barrier, that would be troublesome.
"It's alright now …"
"Let's make use of this period to split the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals!"
After the various great clans killed those Chaotic Origin Spirits, they obtained quite a number of crystals.
These Spiritual Crystals of Chaotic Origin were sufficient for many cultivators to reconstruct their Chaotic Origin. In any case, now that the hurricane had started, they had nothing to do within the array. Hence, they might as well distribute the crystals.
Everyone from the Heaven Palace was also looking at Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and Ling Shuang with anticipation. The Spiritual Crystals they obtained from killing the other party were all in the hands of the three of them.
"Let's start distributing them too." Feng Ge retracted his gaze from the distance.
"Mn." Luo Zheng nodded. Just as he was about to shake out the Chaotic Origin Spirit from his Sumeru Ring, he saw the Chaotic Origin Spirit raising its enormous leg once again. It stomped down on the light barrier formed by the array.
"Clang!"
Another loud noise was heard.
This sound attracted the attention of the crowd once again.
This time, the light barrier trembled once more before regaining its original state. But this time, the trembling of the light barrier was much more intense. It seemed as though it could not withstand the impact any longer.
Seeing this scene, everyone's expression turned solemn.
This meant that this indestructible array could be destroyed by brute force.
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit stomped down a second time, its body that was more than 3,000 meters tall leaped up once again before stomping down heavily once more.
The Cangling Race cultivators within the array were extremely nervous. Seeing this stomp coming down, several of the more alert Cangling Race cultivators had already tunneled out from the light barrier.
The hurricane outside the array was very strong. Just as these few Cangling Race cultivators tunneled out, they were immediately swept away by the hurricane.
The remaining Cangling Race cultivators were in a dilemma. Even though their clan was not considered a superpower, they were still a huge clan. These Cangling Race cultivators had high hopes of breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm.
But this time, they had collected too few Chaotic Origin Spirits. Their final hope was placed on this mother body. After all, the mother body had absorbed several tens of thousands of Chaotic Origin Spirits.
If they were swept away by the hurricane, it would be equivalent to them being eliminated from the competition for the Chaotic Origin Spirit!
They could only place their hopes on this array!
"Hong!"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit heavily landed. That extraordinarily tough light barrier shattered like a bubble with a 'bo' sound.
That leg of the mother body stomped down on the body of the Cangling Race cultivators. Under the immense pressure, everything within the array was crushed into meat paste.
"The array … has been broken!"
"This time, everyone is in trouble!"
"What should we do?"
The miserable state of the Cangling Race cultivators left everyone at a loss.
The array was their final shelter. But now, this array could no longer protect them.
"Hahahaha …"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit let out a carefree laughter, "Naive ants. Do you think you are safe just by hiding in the array! I'll let you know what despair is! "
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit took a step forward and charged towards the next array.
The people gathered in the magic array were from some of the smaller clans.
When those non-humans saw the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit charging over, they turned pale with fright.
With the previous example, why would they still dare to stay within the light barrier?
They saw the mother body running a few steps before leaping up and descending towards that array.
All the non-humans within the array charged out of the light barrier at the same time!
"Hong!"
The light barrier was once again shattered by the mother body.
These non-humans were quite decisive. This time, none of them were trampled flat by the mother body.
But the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was not only huge, its movements were agile too. It had predicted that the non-humans within the array would escape. Nevertheless, they could only drift along with the wind after charging out of the array.
The mother body slapped down a palm in the direction of the hurricane. Over ten non-humans were swept along by the hurricane. They could not resist at all. They could only watch as the palm of the mother body slapped down and slapped them onto the ground.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Following a series of dull thuds, several blood flowers bloomed on the ground.
Seeing the miserable state of those non-humans, the breathing of all the clansmen within the array hastened. They began discussing how to deal with the situation.

Chapter 3070
When the non-humans in the third array saw the mother body rushing over, why would they have any thoughts of staying behind?
Under such circumstances, survival was the only thing they could think of.
Those non-humans rushed out of the array almost immediately. At the same time, they executed their movement techniques and escaped with the wind. They were afraid that they would die in the hands of the mother body if they were too slow.
The mother body did not care whether those people escaped or not. It simply destroyed the third array.
At this moment, the few great clans were estimating their position and where the mother body would choose to hide.
The arrays in the core region were arranged densely like stars in the sky. But when the hurricane came, all the clansmen found a temporary array to protect themselves.
The Eared Mouse Clan, You Xiong, Golden Crow Clan, and other clans were further away from the mother body. But the arrays where the disciples of Great Yi Heaven Palace and the Nine Li Clansmen were located were closer to the mother body.
But the hurricane had just started. In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the mother body had destroyed all the arrays that hid people!
For a moment, everyone became anxious. The leaders outside the Chaotic Origin Great World were also anxious.
"Li Shan still does not intend to act under such circumstances?"
"He even destroyed the arrays used to refine the Chaotic Origin Spirit. This, this is too unreasonable!"
"If they stay in the arrays, they would most likely die!"
Those leaders were clamoring. But Li Shan still did not appear. He did not intend to act against the mother body in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
In the blink of an eye, the fourth, fifth, and sixth arrays were destroyed.
With the precedent set by the Azure Spirit Clan, the non-humans behind became smarter. Knowing that they could not resist, they chose to retreat.
But those superpowers at the back were getting more and more anxious.
It was still fine if all the arrays were destroyed by the mother body.
But if the arrays they were in were destroyed and the hurricane stopped, the remaining clans would kill the mother body and divide it. That would be bad.
These great clans did not care about where they were. Their hearts were fluctuating intensely.
Seeing the mother body moving towards the Great Yi Heaven Palace, the disciples and Nine Li Clansmen were also in a mess.
"It seems we have to retreat from the arrays too …" Feng Ge frowned. His eyes were flickering.
"Don't panic. Perhaps the mother body will not come over to us." Chou Xue consoled.
The mother body was furious. It was stomping everywhere. Previously, it even missed an array.
However, the luck that he had thought he would die with did not appear …
When the mother body crushed the thirteenth array, it was already heading straight for the Greater One Heavenly Palace's array.
The Nuwa Clan of Li Mountain was in a formation nearby. Luo Yan looked at Luo Zheng from within the formation. Her face was filled with worry.
But under such circumstances, she couldn't help at all.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
The body of the mother stomped on the ground, causing the ground to tremble.
The members of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan, who were further away, were also gloating.
"Hey! The Heavenly Palace is finished! "
"Be a good girl and be blown away by the hurricane! The crystallization within the Mother Chaotic Origin Spirit belongs to our Shennong! "
"After the disciples of the Heavenly Palace escape, it will be Li Shan's turn! The time it takes for half an incense stick to burn has already passed, and the situation is in our favor! "
You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shennong, and the other clans' disciples discussed.
This was especially true for the three Zhao brothers of the Divine Farmer Clan. Zhao Chen, who was their leader, said hatefully, "Is there any way to prevent them from leaving the Spell Array? It would be better if they were trampled to death by the mother body! "
"Shan" glanced at Zhao Chen calmly and replied, "There is no way."
Under such circumstances, it was an unsolvable trap. Other than escaping, there was no other way. As for trapping the disciples of the Heavenly Palace in the Spell Array, it was impossible.
Seeing the mother body getting closer and closer, Ling Shuang's pupils shrank slightly. She said in a low voice, "We have to retreat!"
"It will be too late if we don't leave now!" Huo Ze said anxiously.
They didn't want to repeat the same mistake.
When all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were ready to rush out of the Spell Array, Luo Zheng said calmly, "Wait a little longer."
"Don't tell me you want to lure it away …" Chou Xue had already guessed Luo Zheng's plan.
Among all the clansmen in the core area, only Luo Zheng could avoid the horrifying hurricane.
If Luo Zheng could lure the mother body away, it would be a good choice.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"How?" On the side, Mo Yijian looked puzzled. Even Ling Shuang's big eyes were staring at Luo Zheng, puzzled.
Ling Shuang didn't know that Luo Zheng could avoid the hurricane, nor did most of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
In the battle just now, it was Luo Zheng who led them all the way. Everyone had a natural trust in Luo Zheng, trusting that he could come up with a solution at the critical moment.
But the situation in front of them was simply impossible to deal with …
Many of the major clans were staring at the movements of the Heavenly Palace. According to their estimation, in one or two breaths of time, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace would rush out of the Spell Array, and they would be the first super force to be driven out of the Spell Array.
But after a breath of time, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not rush out of the Spell Array.
Only one person rushed out of the light shield, and that was Luo Zheng.
The other disciples of the Heavenly Palace were still standing in the same place, motionless.
"What is the Greater One Heavenly Palace doing?"
"Do they want to die?"
"Maybe they are unwilling? But what can they do when there is no other way? If they don't accept their fate, they will die! "
Amidst everyone's puzzlement, Luo Zheng had already passed through the light shield.
At the moment he rushed out of the light shield, a piece of feather appeared above his head. It was a green feather that looked like it was carved from jade.
"Hu …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was not affected by the hurricane at all. He went against the wind and welcomed the incoming Chaotic Origin Spirit. The edge of his snow-white sword flashed with a sharp light.
"Shua!"
That sword light arced through a distance of several dozen meters before slashing down on the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The sword light could not injure the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit at all. But it succeeded in attracting the attention of the body.
"Dong, dong."
The body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit actually stopped. Its pair of huge eyes stared at Luo Zheng.
It was slightly puzzled.
So many ants had been blown away by the hurricane. Why was this ant the only one who could move freely within the hurricane?
And he even dared to slash at it?
"Human little ant! Die! "
The body of the body of the mother twisted. Two enormous palms were slapping down on Luo Zheng's head.
But how could someone as agile as Luo Zheng be slapped by the body of the mother?
He was truly like a mosquito spreading its wings. With a slight push of his body, he dodged the two palms of the mother. Once again, he drew his sword and slashed at its head.
As for those clansmen from the superpowers within the array, they were all stunned when they saw this.
They had never imagined that Luo Zheng would use such a method to lure away the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit!
Especially "Mountain", Di An and Mumu had an unprecedented solemn expression on their faces.

Chapter 3071
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's body was like a piece of paper. His speed was fast and light.
Even though the strength of the mother body was frightening, it was hard for even the experts of the other races to capture it, much less the nimble Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang's eyes were shining. She looked gratified.
Luo Zheng's move was crucial. Otherwise, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace would have lost this opportunity.
Those leaders outside the Chaotic Origin Great World were also attracted by Luo Zheng's figure.
They had never experienced such a strong hurricane before. Hence, they did not know how frightening this hurricane was.
But even the banshees from the Divine Nest and those other races who were good at flying had to avoid it. One could see that this hurricane could not be disobeyed.
Luo Zheng could move so freely in the wind. It should be because of that jade-like feather. But no one could see the origin of that feather.
"Sou …"
As Luo Zheng was dealing with the mother body, a voice transmission entered his ears. It was Chou Xue.
"Brother Luo Zheng, lure the mother body to the You Xiong Clan." Chou Xue suggested.
You Xiong and the other three clans were targeting the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Including Mo Yijian, almost all the remaining disciples of the Heavenly Palace had been attacked by the four clans. Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace had died in their hands. It was just that they did not witness it personally.
Now was the best time to take revenge. How could they let it go?
"That is my intention!"
Luo Zheng's figure turned around in the hurricane. As he drifted with the wind, he was already flying towards the You Xiong Clan.
The You Xiong Clan and the Min Yue Clan shared an array. As for the Golden Crow and the Divine Farmer Clan, they each occupied an array.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing towards them, Di An and the others immediately understood Luo Zheng's intention.
He wanted to rely on the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit to drive them away.
"Stinky brat from the Heavenly Palace, how dare you!"
"If you dare to come out, I'll definitely kill you!"
"Are you seeking death?"
You Xiong and the Divine Farmer Clan members scolded.
The nearby members of the Liyuan Clan all had mocking expressions on their faces. They were very happy to watch such a show.
Facing the threats from the few superpowers, Luo Zheng's look didn't change at all. Instead, he directly landed in the magic formation of You Xiong Family.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The ground kept shaking as the mother body ran all the way. It also followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
"Stinking brat, get out of here!" Di An's face was cold, as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive.
The other You Xiong Family people also pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and cursed.
However, Luo Zheng stood with his hands clasped behind his back, looking unmoved. He faced these humans with a faint smile on his face.
Unfortunately, they couldn't fight inside the array, so they couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Seeing the mother getting closer and closer, Di An had no choice but to say, "Everyone, let's retreat!"
Since Luo Zheng intentionally lured the mother body over, this array would definitely be crushed by the mother body. In order to save his life, Di An could only disperse the people.
Even though the You Xiong Family people were unwilling, what choice did they have? They could only glare at Luo Zheng with hatred. They passed through the light barrier and were blown away by the hurricane.
Di An held onto his spear and leaped out of the light barrier.
But the moment he left the light barrier, the spear in his hand flashed and stabbed towards the ground.
"Ka!"
A sharp light shot out from the tip of his spear and penetrated the ground.
Di An was the strongest person below the Chaotic Origin Realm in You Xiong Family. He was arrogant and proud, and his strength couldn't be underestimated.
This sharp light was like an extension of his arm. The moment it penetrated the ground, it split into two, two into four, four into eight. It was like a constantly splitting tree root, extending endlessly underground.
In just a few breaths of time, it had turned into thousands of sharp lights rooted in the ground.
And these sharp lights were connected to the tip of his spear, firmly fixing him on the ground!
"Good technique!"
"He can actually resist the hurricane?"
"But he is still inferior to Luo Zheng …"
Even though the hurricane was strong, there were still some capable people who could find a way to evade it.
For instance, Di An was already outstanding. He could attract the attention of everyone.
But now, a Luo Zheng appeared and snatched away his limelight …
Luo Zheng did not need any external items. He could completely evade the hurricane. He was many times more brilliant than Di An.
"Dong!"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit stepped down on the light barrier. At this moment, only Luo Zheng remained within the array.
Before the mother body stepped down, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and tunneled out of the array. At the same time, he exchanged glances with Di An, revealing a crafty smile.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Di An's heart sank.
Even though he could barely stabilize his body with his spear, he could not move at all. This brat shouldn't be …
Halfway through his thoughts, Luo Zheng's figure lightly floated and once again charged towards Di An.
"Damn!"
Di An was extremely decisive. The moment he kept his spear, he turned around and pierced out a spear light at Luo Zheng.
This spear light was a helpless revenge. It was destined that it could not pierce through Luo Zheng. And he was also blown away by the hurricane.
But when Di An was blown away by the hurricane, he once again pierced his spear into the ground. The spear light extended endlessly and penetrated into the ground, fixing him once again.
Luo Zheng did not have the time to find trouble with Di An. He continued guiding the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit to the next array.
When the demonesses of the Golden Crow Clan saw Luo Zheng rushing over, their expressions turned ugly. But they simply flapped their wings and flew away along with the hurricane …
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly stopped in midair. He looked to his left. There was only one Divine Farmer Clan member left.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, there were Bears, Golden Crows, and the leaders of the Divine Farmer Clan. They were so angry that their noses were crooked.
They had made a plan and issued a name list to kill Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. In the end, not only did they not get anything, but they also suffered a great loss because of this brat.
Especially Phoenix, who was staring at Luo Zheng, who was flying nimbly, as if she wanted to swallow Luo Zheng alive.
"Mountain" stood in the array. When he saw Luo Zheng flying over, he closed his eyes slightly and said, "My fellow clansmen, please retreat first."
The clansmen of the Divine Farmer Clan nodded and left the array.
"Little Uncle, what about me?" Mumu, who was sitting on one side, asked.
"Just help me," Mountain said.
Hearing Mountain's words, Mumu's eyes lit up.
She knew her Little Uncle and Luo Zheng, as well as that guy called Evil Deities, would fight sooner or later.
But her Little Uncle's character was very steady. He usually put the overall situation first. When he was not sure of winning, he would choose to retreat.
Now, her Little Uncle could not stand it anymore …
"Okay!" Mumu showed a playful smile and reached out to gently pick up her hair. Her curly hair rose up in a circle.

Chapter 3072
Those steel needle-like curly hairs coiled around the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Previously, Mumu had used this method to pester the mother body.
These hairs were extraordinarily tough and could not be torn apart with brute force.
The attention of the mother body was no longer on Mumu and "Mountain". It was focused on smashing Luo Zheng into pieces and did not care about the two from the Divine Farmer Clan.
"It's done!"
As Mumu's hair coiled around the body of the mother body, some strands of hair coiled around the body of "Mountain".
"Let's go out."
After saying that, Mountain carried Mumu and walked out of the light barrier.
"Shua!"
A hurricane blew the two of them into midair.
The originally loose strands of hair were straightened under the force.
Under the force of inertia, they revolved around the mother body. With this swing, they charged towards Luo Zheng accurately.
As they approached Luo Zheng, a strand of golden light flashed in the eyes of "Mountain". A heavy aura burst out from him.
"Ho!"
As he roared, a pitch-black spiral appeared above his head.
"Extreme Nether Realm!"
As this pitch-black spiral rotated, it produced a strange gravitational force.
The gravitational force itself was not strong. But the laws contained within could directly fold the surrounding space!
Spatial techniques were forbidden in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Nobody could perform Greater Teleportation here. All spatial techniques could not be used here.
But "Mountain" had actually broken this rule!
"Hong!"
The space within a radius of three meters collapsed towards that pitch-black spiral.
Under this spatial folding of three meters, the surrounding space was affected radially.
The space 30 meters away from the black spiral was forcefully compressed by 30 meters. Similarly, the entire core region was compressed by one meter towards the spiral. And the entire Chaotic Origin Great World was also reduced by this one meter. With the black spiral as the center, it was shifted by one meter.
Even the entire Mother World, the entire Primal Chaos, was shifted!
This distance of three meters was negligible to the Chaotic Origin Great World. To the entire Mother World, it was impossible to measure.
In the entire Snow Drinking Continent, only Fuxi was sitting on the peak of the snow mountain. He could sense the spatial folding …
He stared at "Mountain" nonchalantly. A trace of disdain could be seen in his eyes.
"You can't hold it in anymore? Using a Truth Level technique on a junior who hasn't even reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, he is truly shameless … "Fuxi muttered.
Even so, Fuxi had no intention of lending a helping hand.
In Fuxi's eyes, everything was determined by fate.
If Luo Zheng died in the hands of "Mountain" and "Evil Deities", it could only be said that "Ruins" was blind.
The mission that he had been seeking for his entire life had actually fallen into the hands of such a little fellow. He was originally unwilling.
Many leaders standing at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World revealed solemn expressions when they saw that black spiral.
"What kind of technique is that …" Phoenix exclaimed.
The innate talent of the Golden Crow Clan was the God Flame. But the demonesses born from the Divine Nest specialized in spatial techniques. For instance, Phoenix had cultivated the True Meaning of Void Illusory Extermination to the Paramita Realm. It was the same for the other demonesses. It was also because of this reason that the Golden Crow Clan's strength was reduced in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Like Phoenix, who could use her Illusory Extermination Projection to kill her enemies in an extremely distant space, her understanding and attainments in the Dao of Space were definitely not something that ordinary people could compare with.
But when she saw that black spiral, her heart trembled violently.
She could not understand the profound mysteries of space condensed within!
The leader of the Divine Farmer Clan did not have much of a change in expression when he saw the technique of "Mountain".
"Mountain" was a unique existence in the Divine Farmer Clan. Even though he was considered a member of the younger generation, his status was extraordinary. Even Lie Shan Clan's Shennong had to be polite to "Mountain". It was not hard to guess what kind of existence such a character was.
"Luo Zheng, be careful!"
Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting and the others were also shocked.
Previously, Luo Zheng could easily deal with all kinds of techniques.
But that technique of "Mountain" was something that even Qiu Yinhe could not understand. The power contained within was unimaginable.
Why would such a technique appear on a young clansman?
Luo Zheng was extremely close to this black spiral. His entire body was trapped within this 3 feet space.
Other than Luo Zheng, half of the hand of the Chaotic Origin Spirit's main body had been engulfed!
"Ka!"
That half of the hand was actually torn apart under the spatial folding!
The Li Yuan Clan, the Eared Mouse Clan, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace and the various other clans exclaimed when they saw this.
"Ah ah! How could this be possible? "
"The crystallization of the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the body of the mother has never entered a state of fatigue. How could it be torn apart? Impossible! "
"This is already defying common sense …"
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was an existence that was close to being indestructible.
In order to destroy a Chaotic Origin Realm expert, one had to cause the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the other party to enter a state of fatigue. Before that happened, all attacks would not be able to cause any damage to it.
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit still looked energetic and did not show any signs of fatigue.
Before this, the fleshy body of the mother body could not be damaged. Not even a tiny wound could be left behind.
However, the black spiral gently sucked half of the mother's hand off. Such a method could be said to have stunned every living being present.
Within one of the arrays, there was a pitch-black shadow standing behind an outsider.
This shadow stuck closely to the outsider. Yet no one within the arrays discovered it.
The Evil Deities were hidden here.
When he saw that black spiral, his eyes dilated slightly.
Before this, other than Luo Zheng, no one else in the entire Chaotic Origin Great World could enter his eyes. That included that little sister of Luo Zheng, Luo Yan.
Now that he saw the technique of this "Mountain", his expression turned solemn.
But this solemn expression only lasted for a breath of time before it was replaced by intense interest. He had discovered a new prey.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
The black spiral folding space did not last for long.
The spiral spiraled for two to three breaths of time. After folding the space of 3 meters, it completely disappeared. Be it the black spiral, that half of the hand of the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit or Luo Zheng, it was as if they did not exist at all.
"Wu wu … ao!"
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit roared as it held onto half of its hand. It had never thought that anyone could injure it.
Under the pain, it turned its anger onto the "Mountain" and Mumu.
"Retreat."
The Mountain only said a single word.
The hair on Mumu's head began flashing with a faint luster. This hair was still tied to the body of the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Yet it was rapidly extending.

Chapter 3073
Mountain and Mumu floated high up in the sky, dancing in the intense hurricane.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit tried to pull the two down from above, but every time it pulled Mumu's hair, Mumu's hair would become longer.
This way, the mother could not exert any strength and could not pull the two down.
"Hu hu …"
Within the hurricane, Mumu revealed a curious look and asked, "Little Uncle, is that guy dead?"
"Theoretically, he is dead," Mountain answered expressionlessly.
"What do you mean theoretically …" Mumu was puzzled.
"After that space was folded, he was completely exiled by me," Mountain answered.
Mumu pursed her lips and said, "Spatial exile is not a difficult technique, right? Can you kill him? "
The space in the Mother World was stable. True Gods who cultivated the Space Divine Dao might not be able to tear the space apart and exile their opponents. However, it was not difficult for Nirvana Realm experts who cultivated the True Meaning of Void and Illusory Destruction.
And existences at their level were not afraid of being exiled. As long as they had enough strength, they could tear apart the space that imprisoned them and easily get out.
"That's not what I meant," Mountain answered calmly and patiently, "After this space was folded by me, it completely disappeared. The entire chaotic space is actually missing this one zhang long and wide. Do you understand?"
Ordinary spatial divine abilities could tear apart a space. In reality, there was still a void in this space. Furthermore, the extensibility of space was very strong. Not long after, the surrounding space would be squeezed to the center and gradually recover. Sometimes, space was like water. It was constantly flowing.
But Mountain had directly deleted a space. This involved the laws and means at the bottom of the entire chaotic space. It was indeed difficult for existences like Mumu to understand.
"I don't understand." Mumu shrugged. She was confused but still asked, "Then this brat should not be able to come back, right?"
"Not necessarily," Mountain said again.
"…" Mumu was speechless.
She knew that her Little Uncle's strength was extremely terrifying. He would either not make a move or kill in one strike.
Just now, when her Little Uncle chose to make a move in the array, Mumu knew that Luo Zheng was doomed.
It seemed so now, but her Little Uncle actually said not necessarily. After going back and forth, Mumu felt dizzy.
"He's no ordinary man," Shan said.
"Of course, I know." Mumu cursed in his heart. His Little Uncle could deal with an ordinary person before he could do anything.
"He used [Falling Star Hand] just now" Mountain continued to explain: "That is a Truth level Thaumaturgy, although it is very weak, it is the real deal. Luo Zheng is an inheritor recognized by 'Ji'"
"What is Ji?" Mumu blinked.
"Primal Chaos Ancient God," Mountain replied.
Hearing this answer, Mumu raised his eyebrows, and there was a surprised look in his eyes.
"It's not easy to kill such a person," Shan continued.
In fact, "Shan" was very confident in his ability. In theory, Luo Zheng no longer existed, but he still wouldn't make a promise.
The faces of many disciples of the Heavenly Palace were full of anxiety.
"What's wrong with Luo Zheng? I can't even sense his soul imprint! "Feng Ge frowned.
"He should have used a space-related magical power to exile Luo Zheng," Ling Shuang deduced.
Ling Shuang didn't expect "Shan's" ability to be so unique. She was worried, but she was much calmer than Feng Ge.
Chou Xue shook his head and said, "No, that's not an ordinary method of exile! The Chaotic Origin Great World forbids all space-related magical powers. It's hard to imagine a space-related magical power that could bypass this restriction. "
With Chou Xue's experience, he naturally couldn't understand the origin of spatial folding. But this didn't stop him from making his own deductions.
"Then wouldn't Big Brother Luo Zheng …" Lan Qing suddenly had an ominous premonition. Tears were already rolling in her eyes.
"Little Sister Qing, don't be anxious. Let's just wait and see. Young Master isn't an ordinary person. He naturally has methods to return," Huo Ze consoled.
In the eyes of the Nine Li Tribe members, Luo Zheng was their only hope. This hope must not be extinguished.
Huo Ze naturally wasn't as knowledgeable as the Heavenly Palace disciples. But he was certain that Luo Zheng would return!
In another array, Luo Yan stood under the light barrier. His tea-colored eyes were filled with a complicated light. Worry, anger, sadness, and all sorts of emotions were mixed together.
"Little Sister Yan, your brother will be fine …" Ling Yun consoled by the side.
Luo Yan had always been cheerful in Li Mountain. This was the first time Ling Yun saw such an expression on Luo Yan's face.
"I hope …" Luo Yan muttered.
This trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World had been proceeding according to the script.
In Luo Yan's eyes, the only one who could have an accident was that Evil Deities. Hence, Luo Yan had always been wary of that fellow.
Others might not be able to detect the existence of Evil Deities, but Luo Yan could vaguely sense his location.
But man proposes, God disposes. This tall and sturdy young man from the Divine Farmer Clan had never revealed himself. But the moment he acted, he made her brother disappear. For a moment, she found it hard to accept …
What made Luo Yan even more worried was the terrifying destructive power of the folded space.
During the process of folding space, he actually ignored the existence of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal and 'bit' off half a hand of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother. Was this an ordinary spatial divine ability?
"Hu …"
An incense's time was up.
The hurricane in the Chaotic Origin Great World gradually stopped.
That strand of hair that was several hundred thousand meters long wrapped around the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother let out a faint luster before dissipating silently.
Mu Mu and Shan descended from 30,000 meters high …
All the clansmen and disciples in the core region rushed out of the array at the first moment.
The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother was the final piece of fatty meat!
If it was a one-on-one battle, no one in the core region could defeat the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother. It was even hard for them to consume the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal within it.
But it was different when they attacked together.
Some could delay the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother, making it less agile. Some could restrict its speed. There were even some who could weaken the strength of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother. These endless methods made the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother less frightening.
Di An also pulled out his spear and charged towards the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother.
Even though Luo Zheng had disappeared because of 'Shan', he still had many competitors. Be it Ear Mouse, the Li Yuan Clan, or several other superpowers, they could not be underestimated.
More importantly, the members of the You Xiong Clan had been blown away by the hurricane. It would take some time for them to rush back from a distance of several tens of thousands of kilometers.
Just as Di An charged towards the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother, a petite figure blocked his path.
Luo Yan's long hair fluttered in the wind. A layer of crimson energy floated around her black hair. That little face of hers was filled with coldness.
"Heh, little girl …" Di An did not place Luo Yan in his eyes.
But just as he spoke, he heard Luo Yan spitting out a single word angrily, "Scram!"
This word was like a huge hammer hammering down on Di An's chest.

Chapter 3074
No one dared to look down on Li Shan, but many people were surprised that Luo Yan sent Di An flying with only one move.
After all, Di An represented the most powerful person in the You Xiong Clan. Even if he was careless because he looked down on Luo Yan, it was still too unreasonable.
After repelling Di An, Luo Yan did not stop. She flipped in the air and flew straight upward, where Mumu and Mountain landed.
"This woman …"
A strange smile appeared on Mumu's face. The hair on her head coiled up and turned into a dark cloud, covering Luo Yan.
These curly hairs looked extremely soft, but in fact, they were full of killing intent.
Once caught by these hairs, Mumu had a hundred ways to twist the other party into pieces the size of a finger.
Facing the attack of this black cloud of hair, Luo Yan did not show the slightest fear on her face. She went forward to meet it.
"Holy Words!"
"Break!"
"Break!"
"Cut!"
When Luo Yan said the word "cut", the hair on Mumu's head was instantly cut into countless pieces and flew all over the sky.
How could Mumu's hair be so easy to be cut off?
A thought flashed through her mind. These broken hairs seemed to have spirituality. They kept connecting with each other and were about to return to their original state. However, with Luo Yan's "break" sound, the spirituality hidden in the hair was naturally destroyed.
When the sound of "slashing" was heard, Mumu's face trembled. She felt an extremely sharp slash coming from the void. If she was hit by the slash, she would definitely die.
While Mumu was still in a daze, Mountain grabbed Mumu and threw him backward. At the same time, he said, "You are no match for her. Let me do it."
Mountain stood in front of Mumu, so the invisible slash was naturally aimed at Mountain.
Mountain's face was calm. A burst of yellow light appeared on his body, and he punched at a strange angle in the air.
"Boom!"
As the muffled sound exploded in everyone's ears, they quickly regained their calm. It was very clear that Luo Yan's final invisible "slash" had been neutralized by the mountain.
"You are no match for me. Don't waste your time," Shan said, looking down at Luo Yan.
Within the Chaotic Origin Great World, the competition between the various great clans was intense. But most of the other races would intentionally or unintentionally avoid Li Shan.
This was ultimately the home ground of the Nuwa Clan. If they bullied the members of Li Shan too much, it would be hard for them to explain themselves after leaving the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But Mountain's vision was far beyond ordinary people. He could see that Luo Yan was not ordinary.
If he really killed Luo Yan here, he was afraid that it would cause some unnecessary trouble.
Mumu, who had been thrown out by "Mountain", turned back, and her face was full of hatred.
It was hard for any woman to accept losing to a woman who was more beautiful than herself. "Little Uncle, she attacked me. Kill her!"
Mumu thought that "Mountain" would definitely agree to her request. But Mountain shook his head and said, "I can't kill her. Before I kill her, the members of Li Shan will definitely barge into the Chaotic Origin Great World to interfere."
"Li Shan will break the rules for her?" Mumu said with a cold look.
"If it was in the past, he would not. But this time, he will." Mountain said with certainty.
After the Chaotic Origin Great World was established, Li Shan and the various clans in the Mother World had always obeyed the agreed rules. This was also the foundation that allowed the Chaotic Origin Great World to survive for so many years.
But this was the final opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Even if they broke the rules, they would not have any worries.
This was the logic of "Mountain".
What he wanted was to maximize the benefits. He was not like Mumu and Di An who were emotional.
Luo Yan would naturally not retreat just because of a single sentence from "Mountain". She said sternly: "Let go of my big brother. Otherwise, I will not let this matter rest!"
"Sou sou sou …"
The moment she finished speaking, dozens of figures flew over.
Ling Yun and the Six Snake Shadow Sons circled around Luo Yan with vigilant expressions. The other Nuwa Clan members were also glaring at "Mountain" carefully. This man might be powerful, but it was impossible for him to fight against the entire Nuwa Clan by himself!
"Sou!"
"Sou!"
Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Lan Qing, Huo Ze, Chou Xinghe, and other disciples of the Heaven Palace also rushed over. They surrounded the other side of "Mountain".
Even though Feng Ge and Ling Shuang understood that it was hard to force "Mountain" to release Luo Zheng, they still had to try. Furthermore, You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shen Nong, and other clansmen had been blown away by the hurricane. Only "Mountain", Mumu, and the injured Di An were left here!
"My Heaven Palace will not back down either." Feng Ge's eyes were filled with determination.
Under this confrontation, the atmosphere became extremely tense.
Below, the Li Yuan Clan and the Eared Mouse Clan were leading the other clans to attack the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Currently, the happiest clan was the Li Yuan Clan. Regardless of whether it was the Heaven Palace, Li Shan, You Xiong, Golden Crow, or Shen Nong, they were all contenders for the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. Because of that brat Luo Zheng, these great clans had started fighting amongst themselves.
Making use of this opportunity to kill the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, the Li Yuan Clan would be the biggest beneficiary.
Actually, the Eared Mouse Clan was concerned about the whereabouts of Luo Zheng. But the Eared Mouse Clan valued benefits greatly. Luo Zheng and them were merely using each other. They had not reached the stage where they would stand up for Luo Zheng.
Evil Deities stood in the shadow of a huge pit on the ground.
"Are they going to fight? Heh …" Evil Deities was filled with excitement. His fighting spirit was on the verge of bursting out from his face.
He had judged based on his instincts that "Mountain" was very powerful. Even if the Heaven Palace and Li Shan worked together, they could not take him down.
Evil Deities was not entirely certain if he could defeat "Mountain".
But during this period, he had been hiding in the dark. If he were to make use of the chaos, he might have a chance.
Mountain swept his gaze across the place. He shook his head and said to Luo Yan in a serious tone, "It's not that I don't want to release him. But he has completely disappeared …"
"That means you don't plan on releasing Luo Zheng?" Luo Yan narrowed her eyes. A strand of dangerous light was emitted from her eyes.
"I can't do it because he no longer exists." Mountain said.
"Since you can't do it, you should be prepared to die." Feng Ge's face was covered in a layer of frost. It was as if that cold nature of hers had returned to her body. This sentence of Mountain had already sentenced Luo Zheng to death. This was an outcome she could not accept.
The auras of the others also surged. Many Heaven Palace disciples and Nuwa Clan members brought out their Paramita Talismans.
The negotiation failed …
Mountain squinted his eyes. He looked down at everyone expressionlessly. He pointed at Luo Yan, "If you plan on acting against me, you should be prepared to die. Other than her, I'll kill everyone else."
This sentence of Mountain was a warning to everyone and also a message.

Chapter 3075
Fuxi, who was at the top of the snowy mountain, snorted coldly when he heard this.
No matter what happened, Fuxi did not intend to act.
Even when Luo Zheng, whom Fuxi valued the most, was sealed into a folded space by 'Mountain', he did not intervene. Furthermore, it was too late for him to intervene.
If 'Mountain' had acted against Luo Yan, Fuxi would have entered the Chaotic Origin Great World immediately.
Even though 'Mountain' had always been in the Chaotic Origin Great World, his judgment of Fuxi was extremely accurate!
"You are spouting nonsense!"
Being the inheritor of Eastern Emperor and an outstanding expert in the Tai Yi Palace, Feng Ge was naturally not one to be frightened.
A strand of golden light flashed in Feng Ge's eyes. It was flashing with a dangerous aura.
Strands of Golden Crow Divine Fire burst out from her hair. King Stone Mound floated above her head. More than ten thousand sword lights pierced towards' Mountain '.
At the same time, Luo Yan spread out her hands. A crimson energy surrounded her and started spreading. Her Wah Shadow was also revealed and rapidly expanded.
Chou Xue, Mo Yijian, Ling Shuang and even Lan Qing acted immediately!
"Mu Mu, retreat!" Mountain said.
Being able to fight against the enemy with his uncle here, Mumu felt that his blood was boiling.
She was not willing to miss this opportunity!
But this time, her little uncle's voice contained a strand of unprecedented seriousness. Clearly, her little uncle was not confident of winning against the Great Yi Heaven Palace and Li Shan. He had to go all out before allowing her to leave.
"I don't want …"
Just as Mu Mu opened her mouth to speak, she felt her vision blur and appeared on a mountain peak.
This was the side of the Northern Peak of the Core Region …
She could even sense the aura of her spatial sacred art. She had already penetrated through space.
Mu Mu angrily stomped her feet before flying back to the Core Region.
Mountain used both his hands to protect his front. With a light leap, he mysteriously disappeared in front of everyone.
At the next moment, he appeared behind Luo Yan. He stretched out his hand and lightly swiped.
A cube 10 meters tall, 10 meters wide and 10 meters long appeared in midair! The mountain even considered to accommodate Luo Yan's Wah Shadow. At the moment, Luo Yan's Wah Shadow had expanded to ten meters in radius.
However, this cubic space was an independent spatial cage. Even Luo Yan and her Wa-Ying were trapped in it.
"Break!"
Luo Yan's pupils flickered with a strange color.
Ordinary spatial barriers and spatial cages wouldn't be able to trap her.
As she let out a beast-like roar, the spatial cage didn't budge at all. It wasn't affected in the slightest.
"Hua, hua, hua …"
Nuwa's phantom, which had only grown to a height of ten meters, poured its energy onto the surface of the cube. However, each and every attack seemed to be hitting space itself!
After trapping Luo Yan, a heroic smile finally appeared on Mountain's face. "Since you insist on fighting, I can only accompany you …"
As his body shook violently, the clothes on his upper body were instantly torn apart, revealing a patch of bronze skin.
"Sixth Revolution: Taiyi Devil Shock!"
At this moment, two figures suddenly flew towards the "mountain". They were two Ling Shuangs.
Compared to Feng Ge, Ling Shuang was more rational.
Luo Zheng and Mountain didn't have a life-and-death grudge. If they could negotiate, she still hoped that Mountain would return Luo Zheng.
However, Mountain said that he couldn't do anything.
She didn't believe Mountain's words. Thus, she had to make him yield …
Ling Shuang and her doppelganger intertwined, each forming two shadows in midair.
The six silhouettes circled around the mountain like wavy lines, drawing a mysterious pattern in the air.
With Ling Shuang's current strength, it was quite difficult to perform this move.
If Granny was here, she would definitely not allow her to use this move.
Mountain stood in midair, motionless like a mountain. Facing the six dazzling figures, he suddenly stretched out his hand.
"Ka!"
This hand accurately grabbed one of the Ling Shuangs.
The other five Ling Shuangs all changed their expressions. They crossed their swords and went straight for Mountain in the center.
However, the five sword auras all hit nothing but air …
In the next moment, Mountain appeared on the other side. He gently twisted Ling Shuang's neck, and Ling Shuang's neck was broken.
"Buzz …"
Ling Shuang in Mountain's hand was like a creature in the desert that was quickly eroded by the wind. She quickly turned into a flower in his hand. That was Ling Shuang's Nirvana Realm token, the "Two Lives Flower".
The other five figures merged into one and returned to Ling Shuang's original body.
Ling Shuang's face was pale. The destruction of her doppelganger hurt her a lot …
If the 'mountain' had found her real body, she would have been dead by now!
Just as she was thinking about this, Mountain's voice came. "Next time, I will crush your original body's neck!"
"Whoosh!"
While 'Shan' was still talking, Chou Xinghe and Mo Yijian attacked him from both sides.
In the Heart-Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng had helped Mo Yijian before. Now that Luo Zheng was in trouble, Mo Yijian would not just stand by and watch.
Chou Xinghe straightened his sword and drew a strange line in the air, stabbing directly at Mountain.
His sword was very strange. It was wishful thinking to stab Mountain with such a simple move. However, halfway through the attack, Chou Xinghe suddenly turned around and flicked his sword behind him.
Mo Yijian, who was beside Chou Xinghe, suddenly flipped and slashed from top to bottom!
"Heart Quenching Stab!"
The direction of their attacks was somewhat baffling.
Mountain had strangely moved through space and appeared under Mo Yijian's sword.
Mo Yijian's sword was an absolute art from the Heart-Flow Sword. Even though it was not very powerful, it could make the opponent feel a great sense of danger!
Mountain's divine ability was indeed powerful. However, his soul was still at the Yang Soul Level of Level Thirteen. Under the pressure of the Heart Quenching Spike, his figure flashed once again and penetrated through space.
And Mountain's third landing point was behind Chou Xinghe. Chou Xinghe's sword pierced through his back!
"Da!"
Chou Xinghe's sword was very weak. It could not even pierce through Mountain's skin.
But after Chou Xinghe's sword stabbed out, he flew backwards with a satisfied expression. He rapidly pulled away from Mountain. Not only Chou Xinghe, even Mo Yijian did the same.
All spatial divine abilities were forbidden in the Chaotic Origin Great World. But Mountain could avoid this rule.
Just based on this point, Chou Xinghe and Mo Yijian were clear that even if Great Yi Heaven Palace and Li Mountain worked together, they would not be able to do anything to him.
Hence, the two were not in a rush to attack.
When Ling Shuang and Feng Ge attacked, they were already discussing how to deal with the situation.

Chapter 3076
Chou Xue told Mo Yijian that there was only one way to defeat the "Mountain", and that was to let him stab the "Mountain" once.
But it was extremely difficult to stab the "Mountain" who was constantly teleporting!
But Mo Yijian immediately told him to leave it to him.
Mo Yijian's comprehension of the Heart Sword was far beyond the reach of ordinary people.
The moment he attacked the "Mountain", he had entered the state of the Heart Sword, constantly guessing the "Mountain"'s possible attacks and making predictions.
This kind of prediction could not be completely accurate. After all, even Mo Yijian could not calculate what the "Mountain" was thinking.
But he could induce and force the opponent's thoughts.
Chou Xue attacked, Mo Yijian attacked, Chou Xue attacked again. Mo Yijian calculated the "Mountain"'s thoughts, and after three changes, Chou Xue finally stabbed the "Mountain" in the chest.
However, the power of this sword made Mo Yijian very disappointed.
If it was Mo Yijian, although it would be difficult to pierce through the "Mountain"'s body, he could still pierce through the "Mountain"'s skin.
In comparison, Chou Xue's attack was like scratching an itch!
But Chou Xue's expression of success made Mo Yijian even more confused. "What are you doing? Your sword is poisoned? I didn't even see blood. Even if there was poison, it wouldn't have any effect. "
"Look," Chou Xue said, pointing at the "Mountain" in the distance.
A small golden light appeared beside the "Mountain", and as the golden light continued to grow, a golden abacus appeared.
"What the hell is that?" Mo Yijian asked, puzzled.
Compared to countless mortals, the disciples of Great Yi Heavenly Palace were like immortals. It was normal that he had never seen an abacus.
"That's an abacus, used to calculate." Chou Xue glanced at Mo Yijian. This guy was too ignorant.
"Calculate … what's the use of it …" Mo Yijian still did not understand.
Not only Mo Yijian, but the disciples of Great Yi Heavenly Palace and Nuwa Clan around the "Mountain" were also staring at the golden object.
Even the Mountain himself was sizing up this little thing.
He gently extended his finger towards the golden abacus and lightly flicked it.
"Pa!"
The power of a casual flick of Mountain's finger was also extremely terrifying.
The golden abacus was flicked by his finger and instantly turned into golden powder, scattering in front of him …
But in the blink of an eye, the scattered gold powder reformed into a complete abacus.
"Indestructible?" Mountain raised his eyebrows slightly, pointed at the object and asked, "What is this?"
With Yishan's countless unknowns, he was actually unable to discern the origin of this golden abacus. It was indeed very strange.
Chou Xue stared at "Mountain" vigilantly without saying a word. Mo Yijian was not far from Chou Xue, and his expression was also tense.
"Answer," Shan ordered.
Seeing that Chou Xinghe still did not speak, Mountain's figure trembled slightly and strangely disappeared.
"Brother Chou, behind you, be careful!" Mo Yijian shouted.
The moment Chou Xue heard Mo Yijian's warning, he had already rushed forward, and "Mountain" had also strangely appeared behind Chou Xue, flashing a thick yellow light from the surface of his body. At the same time, he threw out a punch.
The power of this punch was extremely restrained, and there was not a trace of it being released outwards. But anyone could be sure that it was definitely more than 1,000 Godly Jun!
Because Mo Yijian's warning was timely, Chou Xue was able to dodge this punch.
Mountain silently glanced at Mo Yijian. In the two times they had fought, Chou Xue had been able to catch his figure, and it was probably because of Mo Yijian.
Mo Yijian could use "flow" to catch a person's subconscious reaction and strategy, but when "Mountain" became vigilant and began to deceive the subconscious, "flow" would naturally lose its effect.
Seeing that "Mountain's" figure was about to disappear in a flash, Mo Yijian reminded again, "Brother Chou Xue! Above! "
Chou Xue subconsciously lowered his body vertically, but the gradually disappearing "Mountain" did not use greater teleportation. Instead, he turned into a sharp arrow and shot towards Chou Xue.
Mountain's body contained a dull power. This power did not have any momentum, but once it hit, it would either kill or injure.
Chou Xue's eyes suddenly widened, and he used almost all of his strength to stab with his sword, at the same time turning his body and retreating madly.
Mo Yijian's wrong judgment had already caused Chou Xue to lose the chance to dodge …
Mountain stretched out his finger and lightly flicked Chou Xue's sword, which broke into countless pieces with a "ding" sound. Next, he threw a solid punch towards Chou Xue.
"Ka …"
When the fatal blow hit Chou Xue, the "Hermit" above Chou Xue's head suddenly shattered, and a snow-white mirror appeared in front of Chou Xue.
This mirror clearly reflected the shape of "Mountain", and the "Mountain" in the mirror also attacked the "Mountain" outside the mirror.
"Bang!"
The fists of the two "Mountains" collided, and the mirror shattered.
Chou Xue did not suffer any injuries, and the "Mountain" in the mirror was sent flying after clashing with the "Mountain" in the mirror.
"Jade Light Mirror!"
This was the Hermit divine ability bestowed to Chou Xue by the Mountain Master. At this crucial moment, it saved Chou Xue's life.
Under the situation where "Mountain" missed his attack, he turned around and prepared to charge towards Chou Xue again. But at this moment, the beads on the golden abacus following by the side of "Mountain" let out a "pa pa pa" sound.
Those beads kept moving up and down as if an invisible hand was fiddling with the abacus. Eventually, the beads stopped and revealed a number.
"2,400 Divine Jun …"
Chou Xue read out the number on the abacus, and his face turned slightly pale.
This "Mountain" could casually erupt with strength that far surpassed 1,000 Divine Jun. He was much stronger than ordinary Chaotic Origin Realm experts. How strong was his fleshy body? Was this person not a Chaotic Origin Realm expert?
If not for the Jade Light Mirror helping him block one round, he would have been blasted into a bloody pulp!
The Mountain glanced at the golden abacus by his side. He rapidly read out the number on it, "2,400 Divine Jun, this abacus isn't as simple as counting right …" "Of course not, your first attack is the upper limit of your strength. After that, every attack you make will be weakened by half." Chou Xue calmly said. He relied on the Hermit divine ability to avoid the most lethal attack. The golden abacus had started calculating, and he was no longer afraid of the Mountain.
Yes.
The Mountain stared at the number on the abacus and said, "In other words, my next attack can only unleash 1,200 Divine Jun strength?"
"Right." Chou Xue nodded.
Just as he nodded, the Mountain appeared in front of Chou Xue. Another fist came smashing down on Chou Xue.
This time, the Mountain was so fast that Mo Yijian did not have the time to remind him. Chou Xue reflexively raised his hands.
"Ka ka ka …"
How could Chou Xue's fleshy body withstand it? The bones in his arms and chest were broken into pieces. He vomited blood and fell down from the sky.
The Mountain looked at his fist and muttered, "I really only have half of my strength left …"

Chapter 3077
The abacus bead jumped and finally stopped at 600 Shen Jun.
When Mountain saw this number, he understood that he could only explode 600 Shen Jun for his next attack.
The strength of 600 Shen Jun would not have any advantage against the young geniuses.
Most of the people who stayed in the core area could easily explode the strength of 1,000 Shen Jun. Some of the descending Nirvana tokens could even exceed that.
Chou Xinghe was seriously injured and collapsed on the ground. Blood flowed out of his mouth.
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace saw this, they descended from the sky and guarded him.
"Chou Xinghe, are you okay?" Lan Qing went to Chou Xinghe and helped him up.
Feng Ge stared at Chou Xinghe and took out a golden elixir. He stuffed it into Chou Xinghe's mouth and said, "You won't die."
After swallowing the elixir, Chou Xinghe still looked up at Mountain in the sky and said to everyone, "You can do it now. His strength has been greatly reduced. The second attack will only be 600 Shen Jun. The third attack will only be 300 Shen Jun …"
Chou Xinghe had merged two Nirvana tokens. He had used the Chain of Life several times before and could turn himself into a puppet of the Nirvana token to fight. In a short period of time, his strength had greatly increased, but the side effects were considerable.
The other Nirvana token was this golden abacus.
The origin of this abacus was very strange. Chou Xinghe had once wandered into a temple in the Nine Levels of Heaven and found a human in the temple!
This human was not in the form of a Yang soul, but in the form of a Nirvana creature.
Chou Xinghe had never heard of a Nirvana creature called the human race. Naturally, he felt very strange.
At that time, this human was dying and was captured by a golden line. Chou Xinghe released the human after unlocking the restriction in the temple. Chou Xinghe did this because they were of the same race.
This human was very grateful at that time and gave Chou Xinghe the Nirvana token when he left.
In the beginning, Chou Xinghe did not take this Nirvana token seriously. At that time, Chou Xinghe's goal was to enter the Thirteenth Level of Heaven. He wandered into the temple just to look for the soul crystal.
However, the Nirvana token could be merged and released at will. After Chou Xinghe merged the golden abacus into his body, he realized the magical effect of this thing.
This Nirvana Realm Token did not bestow power to oneself, but to impose it on the other party.
The condition wasn't difficult to fulfill. All he had to do was strike the other party once.
Therefore, Chou Xue had asked Mo Yijian to help him from the start to ensure that he could hit the "mountain".
When he hit the "mountain", the Nirvana token descended beside the "mountain". Once it descended, it couldn't be destroyed. Its function was the complete opposite of an ordinary Nirvana token.
Most of the Nirvana Realm Tokens could give their masters powerful Nirvana Realm Tokens. However, after the arrival of the golden abacus, the first step was to confirm the host's power.
Mountain's fatal blow just now had a terrifying strength of more than 2000 Shen Jun, but it was blocked by the Hermit's supernatural power of Martyrdom Chou.
After this attack, the power had been confirmed.
Then, the golden abacus would exert the reverse Nirvana Power. No matter how many Nirvana tokens the "mountain" could extract, the golden abacus would calculate all of them and only give half of the power of the first strike.
Following that, every strike of the "mountain" would be calculated in accordance with the multiplier until it was infinitesimally close to zero.
"But you have to be careful. His strength isn't terrifying …" Chou Xue said with difficulty.
Ling Shuang nodded.
The strength of the mountain was secondary. More importantly, he could casually use spatial divine techniques. That was a huge advantage.
"I, I'll bring you to the array …" Lan Qing carried Chou Xue and brought him to the array.
The array might not be able to withstand the attacks of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, but the mother was currently being held back by those from the Li Yuan Clan. It shouldn't be much of a threat.
The "mountain" remained standing in midair. He looked at the golden abacus by his side and fell into deep thought.
This unique Nirvana Realm Token was indeed out of his expectations. He felt that there was a special whirlpool in the world inside his body. Every time he started to extract the Nirvana Power, this whirlpool would absorb most of the power, leaving very little for him.
"Shua shua shua …"
During this process, those from the Heaven Palace once again gathered around him. Those from Li Mountain followed closely behind.
Chou Xue had risked his life for this opportunity. How could they give it up?
"I'll give you one more chance. Release Luo Zheng, and we'll let bygones be bygones." Feng Ge threatened with burning eyes.
The mountain remained silent. He was still thinking of a way to break out of this situation.
Feng Ge did not have that much patience. Seeing that the "mountain" did not speak, King Stone Mound floating above his head slashed his sword at him.
The moment Feng Ge acted, Ling Shuang and the other Heaven Palace disciples followed suit.
The Six Snake Shadow Sons of the Nuwa Clan and Ling Yun similarly released their Nirvana Power!
At the moment when many sword lights were applied on the body of the "mountain", the fleshy body of the mountain blurred slightly before easily penetrating through space.
But the moment he stepped out of space, Mo Yijian was already waiting by the side. He was thrusting his sword at the "mountain".
The mountain stared at Mo Yijian. He revealed a helpless smile. He did not like others guessing his thoughts. He was also tired of Mo Yijian's little tricks. Following that, his figure flashed and appeared behind Mo Yijian. He waved his hand and slapped at the back of Mo Yijian's neck.
The power of 600 Shen Jun would be fatal if it hit a vital part.
Mo Yijian was, after all, a rare genius of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Almost by reflex, he retracted his sword behind his back and blocked Shan's attack.
"Bang …"
Without Luo Zheng's insane physique, Mo Yijian's result of resisting the power of 600 Shen Jun was obvious. His entire body was like a piece of lead as he smashed onto the ground.
Fortunately, he blocked the attack with his sword at the critical moment. Otherwise, this attack would have been fatal.
After this attack, the golden abacus floating beside the "mountain" jumped again. This time, the number displayed was only 300 Shen Jun.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
The Six Snake Shadow Sons formed a mysterious array that enveloped the mountain.
The mountain's figure kept flashing in the array. With another punch, he sent a Nuwa Clan member flying. The golden abacus started counting again. 150 Shen Jun!
As the mountain attacked again and again, the Nirvana Power he could obtain became weaker and weaker.
75 …
32 …
16 …
8 …
When the number of Shen Jun decreased to single digits, his attacks were no longer a threat.
Even the weakest disciple of the Heavenly Palace was much stronger than him.
Even so, there was no sign of panic on the Mountain's face. Just as Chou Xinghe had said, his greatest reliance was the space god art. This god art was fused into his bloodline, and this golden abacus could not calculate his bloodline god art at all.
Therefore, the "mountain" had been calmly experimenting. The abacus could not keep counting indefinitely.

Chapter 3078
Not only did Mountain possess powerful spatial powers, but his strength also made Evil Deities wary.
However, the more Evil Deities were wary of something, the more attractive it was to him!
Evil Deities had been lurking in the shadows with the intention of dealing a fatal blow to Luo Zheng at the critical moment.
Now that Luo Zheng had been banished to some god-forsaken place by Mountain, Evil Deities felt regretful. However, Mountain seemed to be a good target, especially with his spatial powers!
If they could obtain such a miraculous spatial power, it would be like adding wings to a tiger.
When Chou Xinghe used the abacus to seal Mountain's power, Evil Deities knew that their chance had come.
He quietly attached himself to the back of a disciple of the Heavenly Palace and suddenly appeared behind Mountain the moment he teleported.
Accompanied by a burst of perverse laughter, a ray of black light bloomed in Evil Deities' eyes.
"Play …"
The black light in Evil Deities' eyes extended and turned into slender four-legged snakes. These four-legged snakes' slender bodies suddenly coiled around Mountain's body.
Mountain did not panic in the face of this sudden change, but for the first time, a serious expression appeared on his face.
He suddenly struggled with his arms, but the four-legged snakes that coiled around him did not move an inch!
The Paramita Power that Mountain could borrow was infinitely close to zero, and his pure physical strength was only tens of Shen Jun. How could he break free?
"Buzz …"
If one thought did not work, another thought appeared.
Mountain's figure blurred and he was about to use the Greater Teleportation to escape.
However, the four-legged snakes' energy attribute was extremely unique. They were able to firmly attach themselves to his body, preventing him from escaping into space!
"You can't escape, you …" Evil Deities revealed a meaningful expression.
Mountain did not pay attention to Evil Deities. A cube appeared in the depths of his eyes. This cube immediately enveloped him, the four-legged snakes, and Evil Deities on the other side of the four-legged snakes.
"Buzz …"
Mountain actually teleported himself and Evil Deities away!
In the next moment, the two of them appeared thousands of feet high in the sky, and then began to descend rapidly.
Caught off guard, the Evil Deities were dragged down several feet by the mountain.
However, the mountain itself could not use the power of the Nirvana Realm. Its own weight and physical strength were not worth mentioning in front of the Evil Deities. The Evil Deities lifted the four-legged snakes upside down and gently pulled them to a stop in the air.
However, as soon as the Evil Deities stopped, the mountain once again drew out a space and teleported the two of them away.
At the moment when the Evil Deities teleported, they saw an enormous foot stomping down on them. That was the foot of the Chaotic Origin Spirit!
The Li Yuan Clan, the Eared Mouse Clan and other non-humans were currently in an intense battle with the Chaotic Origin Spirit. When they saw the sudden appearance of Mountain and Evil Deities, they were astonished.
Evil Deities did not expect that Mountain would use such a method to kill someone with a borrowed knife when his own power was sealed.
Seeing that enormous foot stomping down like a mountain, he was greatly startled!
The movement of the Chaotic Origin Spirit might be slow, but its body was terrifyingly strong. It could even shatter the protective barrier of the array with a single stomp. Even someone as strong as Evil Deities could not resist against it.
"Xiu!"
At this moment, Evil Deities no longer had any other thoughts. He simply dragged the mountain and flew away.
"Hong!"
Following that, the Chaotic Origin Spirit stomped out a huge pit on the ground.
Just as Evil Deities dragged the mountain away from the foot of the mother, the space in his eyes flashed once again. He and the mountain appeared at the other foot of the mother!
The mother Chaotic Origin Spirit was originally irritable. But when it discovered two humans swaying under its feet, it felt puzzled.
But the mother did not have any pity. That enormous foot of its stomped down without hesitation!
"Hong!"
Evil Deities nimbly dragged the mountain out from under the mother's foot. At the same time, he coldly said: "Do you wish to die together with me?"
Mountain calmly replied: "If we die together, I'll teleport away the moment the mother's foot stomps down."
If the mother's foot was just a few chi away from the ground, Mountain would teleport in with Evil Deities. Both of them would be crushed. No matter how fast Evil Deities was, he would not be able to escape.
"This is just a warning." Mountain continued: "Let go of me. Otherwise, we will die together."
Mountain would not truly die. He did not value his life that much. And Evil Deities only had one life.
Hence, the two of them were not on the same starting line when facing the test of fear of death.
Even though Evil Deities was incomparably arrogant, he was still afraid of death.
At the next moment, he would definitely let go of Mountain to prevent himself from being dragged into death. This was Mountain's judgment.
But Mountain had miscalculated something …
"Is that so …"
The eyes of Evil Deities flashed. The black light in his eyes started spreading once again.
"Dong dong, dong dong, dong dong …"
At this moment, all sounds disappeared.
Everyone could subconsciously hear their own heartbeats.
The surrounding colors flipped. The black smoke turned white, and the yellow rocky ground turned dark blue.
The snow-white skin turned dark. The dark sky flashed with blazing white light.
"What is going on!"
"What happened …"
"Hurry up and leave! Don't be in a daze!"
A member of the Li Yuan Race was startled by the change in his environment. He was slightly distracted and was slapped by the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. The terrifying strength directly smashed him into pieces.
Mountain saw the change in his surroundings. His eyes dilated slightly. Finally, his expression changed greatly, "This is … the descent of a world. Which civilization bestowed it to you?"
Evil Deities narrowed his eyes as he stared at Mountain with a smile: "You truly have good eyesight. You can even see that there is a civilization standing behind me!"
There were many civilizations remaining in the Nirvana World. Every single Ruler civilization had once defined their own unique laws. Only those chosen as the spokesperson of the civilization would have the ability to descend into a world.
And in this world, the original laws would be redefined.
But there were strong and weak civilizations. Naturally, there would be strong and weak worlds too.
For instance, the 'Blood Descent' that the Mountain Master of the Grand Brightness Mountain had brought down was weaker by an entire level. That was because the civilization standing behind the Mountain Master of the Grand Brightness Mountain was not a truly powerful Ruler civilization.
"Even if I bring down a world, you might not be able to do anything to me!" The moment Mountain finished speaking, he once again formed a cube, enveloping him and Evil Deities within.
This time, Mountain's usage of the spatial sacred technique was even more precise. He directly teleported to the side of the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, placing Evil Deities underneath. And since the mother body's foot had already stepped down, Evil Deities would definitely not be able to dodge.
But at the moment Evil Deities was thrown in, his figure similarly flashed. He had also executed a great teleportation, appearing in midair. He grinned: "What a mystical spatial sacred technique. Tsk tsk, it is truly convenient to use. Such an ability is destined to be mine …"

Chapter 3079
Nuwa's Shadow of Nuwa was a unique bloodline sacred ability of the Nuwa Clan.
Most of the Nuwa Clan members could execute it. Its power was related to the purity of their bloodline.
For instance, Luo Yan's Shadow of Nuwa was at the highest level. Ling Yun's Shadow of Nuwa was at the second level.
When Evil Deities executed the bloodline sacred ability of the Nuwa Clan, it attracted the attention of everyone.
"Shadow of Nuwa?"
"Why is he able to execute the bloodline sacred ability of our clan?"
"What ability is this?"
Luo Yan stared at the Shadow of Nuwa behind Evil Deities with a weird expression.
Just as everyone was shocked, the body of Evil Deities transformed once again.
As his body trembled, the bones of his fleshy body began to change. Two heads grew out from his shoulders and four arms grew out from his back.
"Three Heads Six Arms?"
"The bloodline sacred ability of the Nine Li Clan?"
"What is going on …"
Within the array, Lan Qing raised her head and saw the three heads and six arms. Her expression changed drastically. That little face of hers was completely stunned, "Why does he have three heads and six arms? He shouldn't be a member of the Nine Li Clan …"
Chou Xinghe stared at Evil Deities and said, "He seems to be able to obtain the bloodline sacred ability of others … and he only obtained it after descending into this world with its colors flipped. In that case, the ability of Mountain to disregard the spatial restriction of the Chaotic Origin Great World is also a bloodline sacred ability.
Hence, after descending into this world, Evil Deities is able to teleport too … "
Lan Qing silently glanced at Chou Xinghe. Chou Xinghe's observation was meticulous and logical.
But according to this logic, it was likely that …
"Since he can activate three heads and six arms, it means that there are members of the Nine Li Clan present in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Furthermore, they are in this world." Chou Xinghe continued.
The corner of Lan Qing's eyes twitched.
Since Chou Xinghe could make such a deduction, those people outside the Chaotic Origin Great World should be able to see it too …
They could no longer hide their identity as members of the Nine Li Clan.
When Evil Deities' three heads and six arms grew out, he clenched his six fists tightly. Waves of golden light started forming his body.
The members of the Liyuan Tribe were still dodging the attacks of the mother, but when they saw the appearance of the Evil Deities, their faces revealed expressions of confusion.
"Chen Jin's body?"
"The supreme bloodline ability of our Liyuan Clan!"
"Only Jin Sheng can use it. How did this person get it?"
The bloodline ability of the Liyuan Race was rather special. It was divided into three stages, and each stage was vastly different.
After activating his bloodline, the strength of his physical body had greatly increased.
Just by relying on their own bloodline, the Liyuan Clan was able to unleash a strength that exceeded the limit of 1000 Shen Jun.
Of which the First Stage was Violet Gold Body Sculpting. The Second Stage was Refined Gold Body Sculpting. And the Third Stage was Chen Gold Body Sculpting. Only very few people in the Li Yuan Clan could use it. The Chen Gold Bloodline was the most noble bloodline. This time, only Jin Sheng was qualified to use it in this expedition to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Now that it had appeared on an outsider, the Li Yuan clansmen were naturally puzzled.
As layers of Bloodline Super Powers were activated, Mountain's face grew increasingly solemn.
He did not expect that he would meet the representative of a civilization in the Chaotic Origin Great World. And from the looks of it, this civilization should be a top-ranked Ruler civilization!
That golden abacus was still floating by his side. The number displayed on it had already become minuscule. It was approximately 1/3000th of a Shen Jun's strength. He temporarily could not use the Paramita Energy.
'This is slightly troublesome …'
Mountain was currently still very weak.
Previously, he discovered that Luo Zheng was too troublesome. Without any other choice, he could only erase Luo Zheng along with that space.
Compared to other people in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng was the greatest threat.
Mountain did not expect that after sending away Luo Zheng, an even more troublesome fellow would appear!
Many bloodline abilities appeared on the body of Evil Deities. His aura was also getting stronger.
Some bloodline abilities could increase the strength of the fleshy body. Some bloodline abilities could directly increase the strength of the fleshy body, speed, and other abilities.
Under the continuous combination of these bloodlines, he was getting closer and closer to a complete body!
"Hahahaha …"
As those bloodline abilities were activated, Evil Deities unleashed a domineering aura. Even the mother body that was chasing after them could feel the powerful aura of Evil Deities. It temporarily stopped in its tracks.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World …
When the leaders saw this scene, their expressions became very solemn.
In the final battle for the Chaotic Origin Spirit, they actually saw Evil Deities unleashing such an ability. On one hand, these leaders were envious. On the other hand, they were deeply worried for their own clansmen.
"I hope this brat can restrain himself …" The leader of You Xiong Clan muttered.
"Hold on." Phoenix suddenly thought of something.
The leader of Divine Farmer Clan looked at Phoenix with a questioning look.
"This brat can directly borrow the bloodline abilities of everyone. Does that mean there are Nine Li Clansmen in this world that he descended?" Phoenix said with a serious gaze.
The other leaders nodded in agreement when they heard this.
If it were any other time, they would have paid attention to this detail. But now that the situation was so complicated, they were not so concerned …
"I'm honored to have obtained so many bloodline abilities! But these are only temporary. It's really regrettable … "Evil Deities shook his head regretfully. He then said," To make up for this regret, I can only let you sleep in this world. Only then can I have them forever.
Bloodline abilities, hahahaha! "
As Evil Deities let out a maniacal laugh, his figure disappeared mysteriously.
The moment Evil Deities disappeared, Mountain's figure also disappeared. The next moment, Evil Deities' attack missed.
The two figures kept crossing each other in the air and flashing.
Evil Deities kept attacking, but Mountain was forced to dodge.
"What a powerful ability. I'm afraid no one in the Core Area can stop him. Even Luo Zheng can't …" Chou Xinghe murmured.
Evil Deities had made it clear.
If someone with a bloodline ability appeared in this world, he would obtain the bloodline ability of the other party. But this was only temporary.
But if he killed the other party, he would obtain it forever …
Evil Deities' perception had become amazingly sharp after fusing with the bloodline ability of the Ear Mouse Clan. Several times, he almost caught the location of Mountain's teleportation.
Mountain dodged while thinking of a way to get out of this situation.
Finally, he fixed his eyes on Luo Yan.
In this situation, he could only rely on the power of that person …
This human woman from Nuwa Clan was very important to Li Shan. That was why Mountain kept her trapped in the space cage. He had no intention of hurting her.

Chapter 3080
Mountain once again teleported and appeared behind Luo Yan.
As he gently poked the surface of the spatial cage with his finger, countless cracks appeared on the surface of the ten-meter-tall cube, and it immediately shattered.
Luo Yan did not understand why Mountain would release her at this moment. Just as she was puzzled, another figure appeared on her other side. It was Evil Deities!
Although Mountain had exiled Luo Zheng and was seen as an enemy by Luo Yan, she hated Evil Deities more than Mountain!
Swoosh!
Without hesitation, Nuwa's Apparition behind her turned into countless energy beams and lashed out at Evil Deities.
The energy beams formed by Nuwa's Apparition were extremely powerful. If an ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivator was hit, their energy would immediately disintegrate, leaving nothing behind.
Evil Deities sneered when he saw the energy beams lashing over. "You're just showing off in front of an expert!"
As he spoke, Nuwa's Apparition behind him also swept towards Luo Yan. Countless blood-red energy beams mixed together, as if two octopuses were fighting!
In the blink of an eye, the stronger Nuwa's Apparition was determined!
The energy beams released by Evil Deities' Nuwa's Apparition actually disintegrated Luo Yan's energy beams!
"Ah …"
Seeing this scene, Luo Yan's face was full of confusion.
Her Nuwa's Apparition was the strongest, and no one in the same realm could surpass her bloodline. However, her Nuwa's Apparition was crushed. What kind of logic was this?
"This is impossible!"
Ling Yun's eyes widened when she saw this. The Nuwa Clan members were all in disbelief.
Even if Evil Deities could copy everyone's bloodline, the power he could unleash should not be as strong as the original. Now, he had easily surpassed Luo Yan, completely shattering everyone's thoughts!
Mountain stood behind Luo Yan and watched this scene calmly.
He did not care about the outcome of the battle between Nuwa's Apparitions.
As long as Evil Deities had the intention to kill Luo Yan, Fuxi would not hesitate to attack.
Swish swish swish …
The Evil Deities' Wah Shadow crushed Luo Yan's Wah Shadow with an overwhelming advantage, and at the same time, swept forward.
Just as Luo Yan was about to retreat, the energy beams disappeared into thin air!
All the energy beams directly passed through the space where Luo Yan was and rushed out from the space behind Luo Yan, sweeping towards the mountain!
"What a cunning thing …"
Shan had thought that Evil Deities would take advantage of the situation and try to kill Luo Yan. He did not expect this arrogant guy to be so alert. He let go of Luo Yan at the crucial moment and continued to target himself!
Evil Deities looked wild and unrestrained, but they were actually very meticulous.
He had been punished by Fuxi before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World. He understood that the current him was not a match for Fuxi. Hence, he wisely chose to accept his fate.
At the very least, he could not kill this woman called 'Luo Yan'. Otherwise, he might not be able to walk out of the Drinking Snow Prefecture.
Evil Deities stood at a different height from 'Mountain'. Naturally, he was not as wise as Mountain who could see through the relationship between Luo Yan and Li Shan. He could also lure Fuxi into the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But his instincts and alertness allowed him to avoid this risk.
This time, he had no choice but to use Greater Teleportation once again.
After teleporting three to four times, the two appeared at the boundary of this world.
Evil Deities once again accurately guessed the range of Mountain's teleportation. Before Mountain appeared, he had already arrived. Many blood-red energy beams intertwined, turning into many sharp spears that shot towards Mountain.
If Mountain could still use the Paramita Token and activate the Paramita Energy, he would not be afraid of this attack.
But if he were to receive this attack in his current state, it would signify the end of the battle.
Just as Evil Deities focused all his attention on Mountain, strands of soft hair coiled around Evil Deities' legs. With a sudden tug, Evil Deities was thrown out!
"Little Uncle, I'm back!" Mumu said with a brilliant smile.
Mumu had been teleported out of the core region by Mountain. Her heart was filled with resentment. Hence, she hurried back.
Seeing Evil Deities launching such an attack towards Little Uncle, she activated her long hair and coiled it, throwing Evil Deities out.
She had helped Little Uncle with great difficulty. Naturally, she felt delighted.
Ke Shan's expression changed greatly, "Mumu, be careful!"
Saying that, he rushed over and brought Mumu along with him using Spatial Teleportation.
Mumu was unaware of the coming danger. The Evil God, who had been thrown away, reached out and gently hooked the two spaces together. The blood-colored energy beams, which looked like spears, had passed through the space and directly drilled out of Mumu's body.
Puff! Puff! Puff!
When Mumu saw the energy beams coming out of her chest, she was shocked. She looked at Little Uncle in despair and didn't dare to move.
Crack ….
The next moment, Mumu's body was torn apart by the energy beams. Her broken body fell rapidly.
Exclamations could be heard outside the Chaotic Origin Great World.
The faces of the leaders of the Divine Farmer Clan turned pale.
Mumu was the No. 1 seed of this generation of the Divine Farmer Clan.
Although Mountain was powerful, he had a special origin. He was not the same as ordinary Divine Farmer Clan members.
Mumu's death was beyond their expectation. After returning to the Divine Farmer Clan, they would not be able to report back to the Divine Farmer Clan.
"Tsk! Tsk! Tsk! This is the fate of those who disturb my battle!" Evil Deities looked at the broken body on the ground and sneered.
Mountain was floating quietly in the same place as if he was a volcano that was about to erupt.
Thin, chain-like veins appeared on his bronze body. Those veins were shining with orange light. The surrounding space was also trembling faintly.
Swish ….
The space around Mountain was broken into countless pieces.
Those broken pieces of space didn't disappear. Instead, they were floating around him like sharp glazed tiles.
"Using the broken space as a weapon?" Evil Deities' eyes lit up.
The more powerful Bloodline Ability Mountain revealed, the more excited Evil Deities became.
Other people's Bloodline Ability could be maximized in the hands of Evil Deities. Some Bloodlines could even enhance other Bloodlines.
The reason why his Shadow Wa was more powerful than Luo Yan was that he had superimposed the Bloodlines of the Moon Spirit Clan and the Moran Clan. Evil Deities was probably the only one who had ever fused several Bloodlines together.
Among all the Bloodlines, Mountain's Bloodline was the most mysterious.
Evil Deities could only exert 30% of Mountain's Bloodline Ability. He wanted to see what would happen when Mountain's Bloodline Ability was maximized.
At this moment, everyone in the core area, including Li Shan and the disciples of the Heaven Palace, hoped Mountain could defeat Evil Deities.
…..
…..
In another part of the void, half a giant hand was floating quietly.
Luo Zheng's figure flickered and flew to the side of the giant hand.
He reached into the smooth and neat notch of the giant hand and took out amber-colored crystals one after another.
"There are over a thousand soul crystals in this giant hand. No wonder the body of the mother is so tough," Luo Zheng murmured.
After putting all the amber-colored crystals into his Sumeru Ring, he began to observe his surroundings.
This was a dark environment. It was as if sound didn't exist. It was terrifyingly quiet.
In the distance, there were some indistinct objects floating. Even further away, there were many thread-like objects that emitted a dim luster.
"Where is this?"

Chapter 3081
Luo Zheng was not unfamiliar with the Law of Space.
According to Luo Zheng's original thoughts, he should be trapped in a certain space or even deep within a spatial crack.
But the scene before him made Luo Zheng suspicious.
9527 went silent for a moment in his mind before saying, "This is not anywhere."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng was startled.
"This is a Truth Divine Ability unique to another Primal Chaos Ancient God." 9527 explained.
Hearing 9527's explanation, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, "You mean Mountain has the same Primal Chaos Ancient God bloodline as I do? No wonder. "
High-tiered energy could easily break free from the shackles of low-tiered energy.
The powerful existences who created the Primal Chaos World all had heaven-defying abilities. Logically speaking, it was simply wishful thinking for them to break free from the restrictions of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But Mountain easily broke free. This could only mean one thing – the level of energy Mountain used was very high.
Luo Zheng immediately came to this conclusion. Mountain was the same as him and could use the Truth Divine Ability.
"He is different from you." 9527 denied.
"How is he different?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"He is originally an avatar of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. After fusing it into his own bloodline, he grew from an infant." 9527's voice was slightly gloomy. It seemed he was not in a good mood.
"He is a Primal Chaos Ancient God!" Luo Zheng was astonished. He took a moment to digest this information before asking again, "But you said this is not anywhere. What do you mean?" 9527 pondered for a moment before saying, "Mountain's Truth Divine Ability is the space itself. He controls the concept of space at the lowest level of the entire Primal Chaos. If we treat the Primal Chaos as a house, Mountain cut off a corner of the space in this house and threw this space, along with you and that hand, out.
In other words, he deleted this space from the Primal Chaos. "
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and continued digesting 9527's words.
9527's description was very vivid and not hard to understand. It was just that it sounded unimaginable.
"Then you mean this place is outside the Primal Chaos?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I do not know." 9527 answered honestly.
"Even you don't know?"
Luo Zheng originally thought that it wouldn't be difficult to go back, but now he had a faint sense of crisis.
"What is beyond the chaos? I have no idea. Not only me, but even if I came here personally, I wouldn't be able to answer you," 9527 said.
Every living being had a different understanding of space.
For a small insect, the space it sensed was only the size of a few rooms. The world outside the room was unimaginable.
A mortal knows that beyond the mountains there is a sea, and beyond the sea there is a continent, but often that is all.
If the martial artists of the Origin World knew that this world had an end and that there was a giant crystal wall at the end of the world, that crystal wall could not be shaken. Only those who had reached the True Divinity realm had the qualifications to pass through.
As for the True Gods of the Homeworld, they understood that these crystal walls divided the Homeworld into many huge prefectures, and outside these prefectures was the boundless Primal Chaos.
The Primal Chaos also had a boundary. Whether it was the supreme experts of the Mother World or the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, they were all very clear about the existence of this boundary.
For example, the bottom of the primordial chaos was the boundary of the lowest level of the primordial chaos.
However, until now, no one knew what was beyond the boundary. In terms of cognition, the world outside the Primal Chaos was in a state of incomprehension.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. This time, it was not that 9527 did not want to tell him, but that he really did not know.
His gaze swept across the void, then he aimed at the objects in the distance whose original appearance could not be seen clearly and flew over.
The distance was not far, and Luo Zheng had arrived in about ten breaths of time.
This was the remains of a house.
Pillars carved out of white jade and broken stones lay still in the void. The pillars were severely damaged and had been floating here for who knows how many years.
"These remains should be the houses of a certain race in the Origin World," Luo Zheng analyzed.
"They also had the same fate as you. After being deleted, they were thrown out of the Primal Chaos," 9527 continued.
Hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng was not discouraged.
He shuttled through the wreckage for a while, and after searching, he actually found two long swords and a hook. The grades were not bad, at least at the level of a Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasure.
However, these treasures were not of much use to Luo Zheng. After casually throwing them into the Sumeru Ring, he continued to patrol around the wreckage, carefully looking for some valuable clues.
This wreckage belt was about ten miles long. Luo Zheng searched from beginning to end, but did not find anything of significance.
Standing at the tail of the wreckage belt, Luo Zheng once again looked into the distance. Not far away, there was another wreckage belt.
In the other wreckage belt, there were all kinds of metals floating. These metals were twisted into all kinds of shapes. If one could vaguely identify them, one could even see the runes carved on the metals. Of course, these runes were very different from the runes in the Origin World.
When Luo Zheng passed by a huge "metal cup", his gaze swept across the cup, and his expression suddenly froze.
"Corpses."
There were dozens of corpses curled up in the cup. What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that these corpses were also emitting a brass-like luster. Even though they had been dead for countless years, they still looked like they had just died.
Luo Zheng pulled out a long sword and lightly tapped one of the corpses, and a crisp "ding" was heard.
"It seems like these corpses were originally metal bodies," Luo Zheng muttered.
Ever since he entered the Nirvana Realm and merged with the Instrument of Civilization, Luo Zheng had understood that the form of life was not just flesh and blood.
For example, the Green Jade civilization's body was a piece of jade. The entire civilization was born bit by bit from flying jade. It was fundamentally different from the structure of the living beings in the Origin World.
Since the Green Jade race used green jade as their body, it was not strange for a "metal" civilization to be born in the Chaos.
"These are not living beings from our civilization," 9527 also said.
In the past, there were other Chaos Ancient Gods in the Chaos who had mastered the magic of space at the lowest level. Naturally, like the "Mountain", they would delete some unnecessary space and throw it out of the Chaos.
Luo Zheng nodded. He was not very interested in these metal corpses. Standing on the edge of the metal cup, he sighed and said, "Is there no living thing in this damned place?"
There seemed to be no danger in this space. If some living beings had an infinite lifespan, they should be able to live for a long time after being sent into this space. But this damned place was dead silent, which seemed a bit strange.

Chapter 3082
Luo Zheng couldn't find any valuable clues in this piece of metal wreckage. Everyone, please search and see! Metal wreckage.
There were some unique words on this "metal wreckage," but these words weren't in Brahman, so it was impossible to decipher them in a short time.
After collecting a few pieces of special metals, Luo Zheng passed through the wreckage zone without consulting anyone. The wreckage ribbons were connected to each other and floated quietly in the void. Some of the wreckage ribbons had distinctive features and could be vaguely identified as belonging to Ming. However, most of the wreckage ribbons were mountain rocks and building fragments. In one of the ribbons, Luo Zheng discovered a …
A complete mountain.
"This mountain was actually cut in half …"
Standing at the top of the mountain, Luo Zheng released his divine sense and entered the mountain to look around.
There were a few caves in the mountain, and there were some small animal and insect corpses in the caves. It was hard to determine how long they had been dead.
"Strange …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"What's wrong?" 9527 asked.
"Why are these small animal and insect corpses so well preserved?" Luo Zheng asked.
It was normal that the metal corpses hadn't rotted for countless years in this place.
But the ordinary insect corpses in the caves hadn't rotted after such a long time?
There was probably a problem …
"There's nothing strange about this," 9527 said lightly. "Time doesn't exist here. Even if it's a million years or ten billion years, it's still the same as when it came in …"
There was no concept of time in this space.
Hearing 9527's explanation, Luo Zheng felt a headache.
The moment Luo Zheng retracted his divine sense, he suddenly sensed something moving on the other side of the mountain!
The image scanned by his divine sense was a simple silhouette. Naturally, it couldn't be as clear as his eyesight, but something moving meant that it must be a living thing!
"Whoosh!"
Without saying anything, Luo Zheng shot toward the back of the mountain. Looking over, his eyes suddenly lit up. "There really is something!"
Soon after, a two-legged, big-eyed monster emerged from a small cave. The monster was holding the corpse of a small animal in its mouth.
The little monster was also very sharp. It discovered Luo Zheng almost at the same time. After staring at Luo Zheng for a breath's time, it suddenly stomped its shiny black feet along the mountain wall.
Its legs were very powerful. With each step it took, it directly jumped from the mountain to another ruin, constantly leaping forward.
After searching for such a long time, how could Luo Zheng give up?
He sped up and chased closely behind the little monster!
This little monster's body was only the size of a palm, but its speed was not slow at all. It easily jumped and shuttled through the wreckage.
Luo Zheng and the little monster chased each other like this for about the time it took for an incense stick to burn. They had traveled thousands of miles, and there were more and more wreckages floating around.
At first, these wreckages were just floating strips, but now, all kinds of wreckages were floating in the air in disorder. It was like a huge garbage dump, but also like a three-dimensional city.
If Luo Zheng's divine sense had not firmly locked onto the little monster, he might have lost it.
After chasing for another incense stick's time, Luo Zheng and the little monster were getting closer and closer. Seeing that it couldn't avoid Luo Zheng, the little monster drilled into the interior of a dilapidated house.
When Luo Zheng followed in, a blue ray of light shone directly at Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of supernatural power this ray of light was, but the energy contained in the ray of light was not weak.
His expression changed, and his body flipped over. The ray of light almost brushed past Luo Zheng's face, and penetrated the wreckage behind him, sending it into the boundless void.
This ray of light only swept past Luo Zheng's face once, and a finger-thick blood groove appeared on his face!
'What a terrifying power …'
Luo Zheng was inwardly startled. Looking in the direction where the ray of light came from, he discovered another little monster that looked exactly the same. It was just that this little monster's single eye was still emitting a blue glow.
Clearly, that terrifying blue ray of light was released by this little monster!
"Weng …"
The little monster's single eye condensed another blue light spot. At the same time, the surrounding wreckage also lit up with blue light. Many little monsters crawled out from the wreckage.
"Ji ji …" Not far away, that little monster that was holding a small animal in its mouth actually let out a weird laughter.
'Running for so long just to lure me into this trap?' Luo Zheng squinted his eyes slightly.
Luo Zheng did not have any malicious intent towards this little monster. He only wanted to understand this world and find a way to leave. The Chaotic Origin Great World could not do without him. After all, the Evil Deities were still lurking in the dark, eyeing him covetously.
Who would have thought that this little monster did not communicate with him at all and even wanted to kill him.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Blue light exploded from the eyes of those little monsters. Many thin and long blue light rays shot out. The blue light rays from different angles interweaved with each other, forming a dense net.
'You are too naive if you think you can defeat me with just this …'
A piece of illusory green-feathered figure appeared above Luo Zheng's head. His figure was constantly shuttling in and out of the blue light rays.
These blue light rays might be powerful, but Luo Zheng was like a piece of leaf that was as light as a feather. He moved around casually without being swept by these light rays.
After dodging continuously, Luo Zheng finally got close to the first little monster when it was unprepared. He suddenly reached out and grabbed it in his hand!
"Ji ji ji ji …"
The blue light rays shot out from the single eye of that little monster were terrifying. But the little monster itself was not strong. Even though it struggled with all its might, it could not escape from Luo Zheng's hand.
Seeing their comrade being caught, the other little monsters became even more excited. The blue light rays shot out from their eyes became denser and denser, forming an airtight net.
It seemed like there was nothing that could stop these light rays from penetrating through. Regardless of what material those floating ruins were made of, they were all penetrated by the light rays.
Luo Zheng carried that little monster and continued moving downwards. Just as he entered a wall-like ruin, this ruin was penetrated by the blue light rays and turned into ashes.
But at this moment, he discovered that one of the blue light rays was refracted. And this light ray had struck a three meter wide metal plate.
'This metal plate is able to block this light ray!'
With a thought, Luo Zheng charged towards the metal plate.

Chapter 3083
Luo Zheng sat on the metal plate. He revealed a helpless look.
The little monster in his hand let out a weird laughter. It seemed to be mocking Luo Zheng for falling into a trap.
This metal plate was originally a cage.
There was nothing in the ruins that could block those blue light rays. Regardless of who it was, they would find something to block the attack of these little monsters.
Those little monsters deliberately shot a blue light ray onto the metal plate. It was equivalent to reminding Luo Zheng that this metal plate could block the blue light rays …
And Luo Zheng was naturally trapped in this cage when he pounced onto the metal plate!
Luo Zheng touched this metal plate. He extended his hand and lightly knocked on it. A force of 800 Divine Jun burst out.
"Dong!"
A dull sound came from the metal plate. It did not move at all.
The toughness of this metal plate had exceeded his imagination. It was impossible for him to smash it apart.
As for the blue light rays surrounding the metal plate …
He took out an earthen-yellow shield from his Sumeru Ring. This shield was something dropped by an outsider from the Chaotic Origin Great World. It was a decent Nirvana Absolute Treasure. Grabbing onto the shield, Xue Ying lightly swept across the fenced-like blue light.
The shield could not block the blue light rays at all. A piece of it had been sliced apart by the edges.
Luo Zheng was confident of his fleshy body. But the faith treasure could not withstand a single blow. He did not dare to use his body to try again.
'Spatial teleportation …'
With a thought, Luo Zheng attempted to use Great Teleportation to teleport away.
But his Spatial Laws could not construct any spatial tunnel!
Spatial teleportation was forbidden in the Chaotic Origin Great World. It relied on powerful experts to seal the space. Ordinary spatial sacred techniques could not break through that level of restriction.
But this damnable place did not seem to have any Spatial Laws. Hence, it was impossible to teleport.
After trying several methods, Luo Zheng could only sit quietly on the metal plate.
That little monster by his hand was still letting out that weird laughter. He frowned. He grabbed onto that little monster and brought it towards the fence formed by the blue light rays.
"Ji ji ji!"
Even though the single eye of these little monsters could emit blue light rays, they were similarly afraid of the blue light rays.
It struggled madly in Luo Zheng's hands, twisting its body.
Luo Zheng was now a prisoner. Naturally, he wouldn't really kill this little monster. After scaring it, the little monster finally became obedient. After Luo Zheng let go of it, it lay on the side and didn't make a sound.
"If these little monsters can set up such a trap, it means that their intelligence is not bad. The key is how to communicate with them and see how they will deal with me …"
While Luo Zheng was thinking, the little monsters that were originally scattered all over the ruins jumped one after another and gathered below the metal plate.
They supported the metal plates and carried Luo Zheng, jumping continuously in the ruins and wreckage, lifting Luo Zheng all the way up.
After shuttling upwards for 30 minutes, there were more and more ruins and wreckage above. But as the direction turned, Luo Zheng saw a scene that surprised him.
The ruins and wreckage above had completely disappeared. In front of Luo Zheng, there was a city formed by ruins.
Because the whole city was formed by piles of debris, the connected houses were all different in material, color, size, shape, and style, giving a strange visual impact.
There were little monsters hiding in the crevices on the roofs, sides, and bottom of those houses. They were quietly sizing up Luo Zheng, this foreign prisoner.
After entering this city of ruins and wreckage, the little monsters threw the metal plates in the center of the city and retreated one after another.
The little monster that was locked in the cage with Luo Zheng made two "ji ji" sounds, as if it was begging its companions to take it away. But the other little monsters ignored it. Obviously, they didn't have any intention of getting it out of the cage.
Luo Zheng sat in the cage, sizing up this grotesque and variegated world.
This space was deleted from the entire chaos. In the process of deletion, it wasn't erased.
Just like Luo Zheng, after being exiled here, he probably felt lonely.
However, there were still living creatures in Luo Zheng's Inner World. Not only were there humans, there were also many other kinds of creatures. He could get these creatures out to accompany him, or even reproduce on their own, expanding into a city or a country.
"The origin of these little monsters is probably the same. I don't know what they plan to do with me …"
Luo Zheng had been thrown here for a long time. The little monsters that came and went showed a strong interest in Luo Zheng. Their big eyes showed curiosity, and there was even a trace of look in their eyes as if they were looking at a rare treasure.
At first, Luo Zheng didn't notice it. But almost every little monster looked at him like this. Luo Zheng felt a little creeped out in his heart.
"9527, what do their eyes mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
9527 was also quietly observing this world. It knew that there were some special spaces outside the chaos. For example, the Nirvana Realm was a special space at the top of the chaos. After the destruction of the past civilizations, they would escape to the Nirvana Realm. It was the last refuge, and it also contained the past civilizations of the chaos.
The secrets of the chaos.
Besides the Nirvana Realm, there was only this space.
But this space was a huge garbage dump. When some special situations couldn't be stopped, the chaos ancient god who controlled the space would delete it and throw it into this garbage dump.
9527's original owner wasn't the one who controlled the space. It didn't know what was going on in this world, so it was naturally very curious now.
"Maybe they're going to eat you as food," 9527 laughed.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng curled his lips and said, "It's not funny at all …"
The possibility that 9527 mentioned was real. The little monster that Luo Zheng first discovered was searching for the carcasses of small animals in the cave. It was obvious that they fed on meat.
"The possibility of eating you is really low. But from the expressions of these little monsters, you are very important to them, very important," 9527 analyzed seriously.
"I feel it too," Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
But he was a human who was deleted from the mother world. What was the connection between him and the aborigines who lived in this damned place?
Luo Zheng even suspected that he was the first human to be deleted …
After staying in this cage for half a day, the door of the largest house in the distance opened. Dozens of little monsters climbed out.
These little monsters were obviously bigger than the average little monsters, and the little monster in the middle of them was wearing a delicate circular golden ring. Looking at this posture, the little monster with the golden ring had the highest status here.
"Da da da …"
These little monsters jumped a few times and approached the front of the cage.
Then there was another "chirp chirp chirp" jump, especially the little monster with the golden ring. It looked at Luo Zheng for a while and chirped to him again. Its voice was very soft, as if it was trying to comfort Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3084
Luo Zheng approached the fence formed by the blue light and said, "No matter what, can you let me out first?"
As he spoke, Luo Zheng pointed at the blue light and then pointed outside.
Since they couldn't speak, he could only rely on sign language.
He didn't know if the little monster with the golden hoop could understand him. After a while, it left with the other little monsters, leaving Luo Zheng alone in the cage. His face was full of helplessness, and the little monsters beside Luo Zheng were probably equally helpless.
After six to eight hours, some little monsters brought him some raw meat. They didn't know that Luo Zheng had fasted and thought that Luo Zheng needed to eat like them.
The raw meat was cut from the corpses. Even if it didn't rot, how could it be eaten?
He looked at it in boredom and saw that the little monster beside him was looking at him eagerly. He threw it over.
The little monster's single eye was full of excitement and gratitude. It ate the raw meat heartily.
"The blue light from the eyes of these little monsters is very powerful. It can directly hurt me, which means that their energy level is very high. But why didn't they fasted and rely on this raw meat for food?" Luo Zheng looked at the little monsters and thought.
Energy at the level of Divine Dao Taoist Connotation couldn't hurt Luo Zheng unless it was fused with Divine Dao.
Creatures who obtained Divine Dao Taoist Connotation had already entered the True God Realm. They needed to absorb the Spiritual Energy of Heaven and Earth to perform that kind of supernatural power.
As for the Nirvana Realm, they needed to absorb Divine Crystals to replenish their Nirvana Power.
The energy that the raw meat could replenish was so little that it wasn't worth mentioning. It was the most primitive and basic way. It was illogical to rely on eating these things to release the terrifying blue light.
Moreover, this space had existed for so many years. The corpses in the wreckage zone should have been dug out by these little monsters. But now, they could still dig out the corpses of small animals. It was very strange.
After being locked in the cage for two days, these little monsters finally moved.
All the little monsters in the wreckage city were gathered in this area and lined up neatly.
The little monster with the golden hoop stood on a high ground and used a high-pitched voice to call out loudly. The little monsters below responded with a uniform "Jiji" sound from time to time.
Luo Zheng didn't understand what they were saying, but he understood that it was some kind of oath.
For example, the start of a war, or some sort of encouragement before an operation …
What was he trying to do?
After the golden-ringed little monster spoke for a while, the strongest little monsters jumped towards Luo Zheng and lifted the metal plate again. It seemed that they were going to transport Luo Zheng to another place.
But just as they were about to set off, a bright red spot suddenly emerged from the ruins in the distance.
Those red dots were extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, they were above the ruined city. At this time, Luo Zheng could see clearly what those things were. They were a type of two-headed flying snake with bright red skin.
At the moment when the two-headed flying snake appeared, the aura of all the little monsters changed. Their single eye was flashing with hatred. Bits of blue light began brewing in their eyes.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Many blue light rays shot upwards. There were many of them and they were densely packed!
Seeing these lethal blue light rays, Luo Zheng felt startled inwardly.
If he couldn't use Great Teleportation, not to mention him, even experts at the Chaotic Origin Realm or existences like Qiu Yinhe might not be able to survive!
But those two-headed flying snakes in the sky weren't afraid at all. They opened their snake heads and spat out many blood-red bubbles!
These bubbles were moving at an extremely high speed. If they were struck by the blue light rays, the two would rapidly be annihilated! But even more blood-red bubbles passed through the blue light rays and fell towards the ruined city below.
A blood-red bubble landed not far away from Luo Zheng. With a "bo" sound, it exploded. Strands of blood-red energy spread out like lightning, forming a sphere of annihilation about three meters wide.
Everything inside the ball had been completely melted away!
'The energy grasped by these two-headed strange snakes is terrifying …' Luo Zheng looked at the circular crater not far away. His eyelids were twitching continuously.
When the blood-red bubble landed, it immediately caused this ruined city to be riddled with holes. But the blue light rays also struck some of the two-headed flying snakes. Those two-headed flying snakes that were pierced through did not have any chance of surviving.
The hatred between these two races was extremely strong. Once they met, they would fight to the death.
"Ji ji ji …"
That little monster with the hoop let out a series of weird cries at Luo Zheng. The little monsters below the metal plate carried the cage and fled. These little monsters were extremely worried about Luo Zheng's safety. They brought Luo Zheng away from the battlefield where both parties were fighting.
But just as Luo Zheng moved a distance away from the cage, the two-headed flying snakes in the sky turned in a different direction and chased after Luo Zheng!
Now, Luo Zheng understood what was going on …
It seemed that these little monsters were not the only ones interested in him. Those two-headed flying snakes were also interested in him. They were coming for him!
"Huff huff huff …"
The little monsters escorted Luo Zheng through the ruins. The two-headed flying snakes were in hot pursuit. They looked like they would not give up until they reached their goal!
Under such a battle, the number of casualties was unknown.
But both sides were very "considerate" of Luo Zheng. Whether it was the bubbles spat out by the two-headed flying snakes or the blue light rays shot out from the eyes of the little monsters, they all carefully avoided the cage imprisoning Luo Zheng for fear of hurting Luo Zheng inside the cage!
The fierce battle lasted for a while. The little monsters carried Luo Zheng and retreated. They actually escaped into another wreckage zone.
Just as he jumped onto this wreckage zone, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
At the edge of the wreckage zone, there was actually a yellow planet floating!
This planet was extremely pocket-sized. It was only a few thousand feet in diameter. But what surprised Luo Zheng was that at the top of the planet stood a huge statue. It was actually a statue of a human!
Luo Zheng had previously wondered if he was the first human to be exiled to this place. Now, it seemed that his guess was very wrong.
It seemed that many years ago, there had been humans who had set foot here …
But from the traces in this space, many civilizations had existed for an extremely long time. There were even many former dominator level civilizations. Then, when was this human statue in front of him built?

Chapter 3085
The little monsters continued to carry Luo Zheng, walking along the surface of the pocket-sized planet.
After a while, they walked in front of the huge statue.
Luo Zheng looked up and carefully sized it up. This human statue had a beard, a rough face, and a pair of starry eyes that contained a unique power. The surface of the statue was covered with fine runes.
These runes extended all the way from the body of the statue to the bottom, divided into two branches, and finally extended to an altar.
When Luo Zheng's eyes rested on the altar, his heart slightly jumped, "Damn, these guys aren't planning to sacrifice me, are they?"
This space was completely different from what Luo Zheng had experienced before. Everything was grotesque and variegated, without any rules to speak of.
From the way the little monsters protected him, it was as if they were carefully protecting a sacrificial offering!
As soon as Luo Zheng finished his sentence, the little monsters carried Luo Zheng onto the altar and threw the metal plate onto the altar with a loud thud.
"Hey …" Luo Zheng shouted while sticking to the fence formed by the blue light.
"Ji ji ji ji ji …"
One of the little monsters faced Luo Zheng and made a strange noise. It seemed to be explaining to Luo Zheng, but what use was this explanation to Luo Zheng?
After the little monster's explanation, two unique triangular runes suddenly appeared in the eyes of the human statue. The triangular runes flipped, and the eyeballs began to roll, looking at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
Luo Zheng also looked at the pair of eyeballs with a complicated gaze.
After a while, a bright white light escaped from the eyeballs. This light spread down the statue's eyes, as if it was condensed into tears and flowed down. These two beams of light continued to flow, one on the left and one on the right, and quickly converged on the altar.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The altar flashed with a strong light, wrapping Luo Zheng and the metal plate together.
When the light on the altar appeared, all the little monsters retreated. The feet on both sides of the eyeballs knelt on the ground, and their eyes revealed a strange look of respect.
The light that shrouded the sacrificial altar lasted for about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and then gradually dissipated.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed that they didn't intend to kill him …
But at this moment, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of the sacrificial altar. The shadow kept materializing and finally turned into an ancient door.
"A spatial gate … but there are no spatial fluctuations?"
The principle of the Space Gate was similar to that of the Transmission Array. Given enough time, Luo Zheng could also easily create one.
However, Luo Zheng had already tried, and the Space Laws in this space did not exist at all!
When the spatial door was formed, it didn't produce any spatial fluctuations. Naturally, he found it very strange.
"Kacha …"
The quaint door opened from the middle.
A man and a woman stepped out of the door and stood in the air.
When the little monsters saw the man and woman, they imitated the actions of humans and kept kowtowing. It was as if the man and woman were gods who had descended from the heavens and were worshipping them with extraordinary reverence.
The man and woman's attention wasn't on the little monsters. They were looking at Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was also looking at the two people.
The man was quite delicate and elegant, and the woman was beautiful and had a faint seductive aura.
After the two sides looked at each other for a few breaths, the delicate man stared at Luo Zheng for a while, and then stepped in the air towards Luo Zheng and stretched out his hand to touch the blue light.
"Be careful, this blue light …" Luo Zheng warned.
Even he couldn't resist this blue light. The consequences of this delicate man touching it would be unimaginable.
Luo Zheng's kind warning only made the delicate man smile and say, "It's okay."
He gently brushed his finger, and the blue light passed through his finger, but it didn't hurt him in the slightest!
With this wave of his hand, the blue rays of light were absorbed into his palm, and the entire fence formed by the blue rays of light disappeared without a trace!
"Ji ji ji …"
The little monster that had been trapped with Luo Zheng screamed a few times, and then jumped down from the sacrificial altar and knelt on the ground with the other little monsters. It was as if the sacrificial altar wasn't a place for it to stay, and it would be blasphemous to stay for a second longer.
"Thank you."
Luo Zheng stood up from the metal plate.
Luo Zheng was a little excited to finally hear human words. At least this man and woman could communicate with him normally.
The delicate man didn't respond to Luo Zheng, but the seductive woman beside him asked, "You were recently exiled here?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"Are there many humans in the chaos where you are?" she asked again.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng also deduced that these two people weren't from the chaos where he was.
"Many, no less than hundreds of millions," Luo Zheng replied.
The delicate man and the seductive woman looked at each other, and there was a hint of joy on their faces. Luo Zheng's answer seemed to make them very satisfied.
They were happy, but Luo Zheng was full of doubts. He asked, "You and I are both humans. Are you not from the same chaos?"
The seductive woman and the delicate man shook their heads at the same time, and then said, "We are not from the chaos."
"Not from the chaos?" Luo Zheng was shocked. "Are you from outside the chaos?"
Outside the chaos was an inexplicable concept. Even 9527 couldn't explain it. Perhaps he could find the answer from them.
Unexpectedly, both of them shook their heads at the same time. The seductive woman said, "We are natives of this dimension. However, our master came from the primordial chaos. Master said that if we were to count the chaos cycles, he would have been born in the 77th chaos cycle."
Luo Zheng was still thinking about the meaning of this sentence when 9527 reminded him in his mind, "The chaos era should refer to the process of a chaos from birth to destruction. Their master probably came from the 77th civilization."
There were so many civilizations that had appeared in the chaos that even 9527 couldn't count all of them. Some civilizations had either completely declined and disappeared in the other side, or went into hiding.
"Master?"
Luo Zheng subconsciously looked at the huge statue and asked, "Is your master still in this space?"
The man and woman shook their heads at the same time. The woman stepped forward and gently pulled Luo Zheng, and said, "Come with me!"
Just as they pulled Luo Zheng into the gate, the little monsters below the sacrificial altar suddenly became restless, and suddenly made a "jijiji" sound. The delicate man patted his head and laughed, "I forgot."
Then the delicate man took out a small bag, and thousands of round brown beads rolled out of the bag.

Chapter 3086
Luo Zheng revealed a look of surprise when he saw this scene.
These little monsters imprisoned him, fought with the Two-Headed Flying Snakes without any regard for their lives, and then sent him here.
Their goal was these brown beads?
"These little monsters, are they also the natives of this space?" Luo Zheng asked.
The delicate man nodded casually and said, "Kind of. They were originally a race in Master's inner world. After Master occupied this space, he let them out …"
Races in the inner world …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked again.
What kind of person was their Master? Just the living beings in his inner world were already this powerful?
"What about the Two-Headed Flying Snakes?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"That's true." The delicate man nodded.
This answer made Luo Zheng a little confused. "But I saw that they fought fiercely with each other." "Master did this on purpose." The delicate man said again, "Master reared three races in this space. At first, Master only reared the Two-Headed Worry Snakes, but not long after, the Two-Headed Worry Snakes almost covered the entire space. Master had no choice but to bring in the other two races.
Because the three races kept each other in check and balance, their numbers were limited. "
Luo Zheng nodded, but asked in his mind, "9527, didn't you say that this space was controlled by a Chaos Ancient God?"
The delicate man's statement completely contradicted what 9527 said.
9527 was also perplexed. In the end, she could only say, "Go and ask that green jade spirit! Maybe he knows. "
The Green Jade Spirit represented the Green Jade Civilization, and the entire Green Jade Civilization almost occupied the entire Chaos. Even the Green Jade Spirit was once a Chaos Ancient God.
And just now, 9527 said that this Green Jade Spirit was born in the 77th civilization, and the Green Jade Civilization was the 749th civilization. The Green Jade Civilization should have some understanding of this space.
After Luo Zheng followed the delicate man through the door, they walked along a long and narrow space passage. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng created an inner avatar.
Back then, in order to let the Green Jade Spirit teach Luo Nian in peace, Luo Zheng specially opened up a space.
Only Luo Nian and the Green Jade Spirit could freely enter and exit this space, so it was very quiet.
In a spacious courtyard, the Green Jade Spirit sat upright, while Luo Nian sat cross-legged, meditating with his eyes closed.
Behind Luo Nian, wisps of cyan light spiraled up and transformed into an exquisite cyan jade lotus. As the lotus quietly spiraled, Luo Nian's body began to glow with an emerald green.
The moment Luo Zheng's incarnation entered this space, the Green Jade Spirit had already sensed it.
"Mister Green Jade." Luo Zheng cupped his hands at the Green Jade Spirit.
The Green Jade Spirit nodded in response and said at the same time, "Nian 'er's talent is indeed extraordinary. In such a short time, he has already cultivated the Green Spirit Reflection to the third level …"
The Green Jade Civilization, as a dominating force, had created countless magical powers.
"Green Jade Spirit Reflection" was a body refining technique the Green Jade Spirit had chosen for Luo Nian. In the beginning, the Green Jade Spirit was worried that Luo Nian would find it difficult to cultivate the magical powers of the Green Jade Civilization. After all, there were barriers between different races, especially since the Green Jade Spirit was different from other flesh and blood.
It didn't expect Luo Nian to cultivate it so smoothly.
Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Nian, who was concentrating on cultivating. The green light on Luo Nian's body was very stable. Although it was not as strong as his own body, it was amazing that he could reach such a level at this stage.
Luo Nian was so focused that he didn't notice Luo Zheng's arrival.
"With Mr. Green Jade's guidance, Nian 'er naturally improved rapidly. However, I'm here for something else," Luo Zheng said.
"What is it?" the Green Jade Spirit asked.
"I should have found the second flaw of merging with the energy of the Dao," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"What? You found it? What is that flaw? Did you see wrongly? "The Green Jade Spirit was clearly stunned.
Luo Zheng shook his head: "I should not have seen wrongly. That is an arc light similar to the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao. The other party also cultivates in merging with the energy of the Dao. Furthermore, he had fused that arc light into the energy of the Dao."
"You didn't get it?" The Green Jade Spirit asked anxiously.
One had to know that the Green Jade Civilization's Wing King had spent a lot of effort on the Blood Origin Divine Dao. He had gone through countless trials and time.
How long had it been since then? Yet, Luo Zheng had found the second flaw. That was truly unfathomable. The Green Jade Spirit was naturally excited.
"Not yet." Luo Zheng had a complicated gaze, "I've been exiled to a space within the Chaotic Origin Great World …"
"Space exile?" The Green Jade Spirit asked, "This isn't much."
Who knew that Luo Zheng would shake his head and say: "It's a space that was deleted."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Green Jade Spirit revealed a strange expression, "You were deleted by the Child of Truth? You were deleted outside the Primal Chaos? "
"Mn." Luo Zheng nodded.
Who knew that the Green Jade Spirit would reveal a helpless smile: "What a coincidence. Back then, when I was still the Child of Truth, I grasped the Truth of Space …"
"What!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose abruptly, "Is there a way to return after being exiled to this space?"
Luo Zheng was not interested in the secrets of this space.
He only wanted to return to the Chaotic Origin Great World as soon as possible!
"If I were still the Child of Truth, I would naturally be able to help you return. Unless that Primal Chaos Ancient God that exiled you acted, you would not be able to return …" The Green Jade Spirit said with certainty.
Mountain was an avatar of the Primal Chaos Ancient God. Given Mountain's current strength, he might be able to exile it. But he might not be able to retrieve it. Furthermore, Luo Zheng would not place his hopes on his opponent. Seeing the slight disappointment on Luo Zheng's face, the Green Jade Spirit continued: "Don't think that this space is empty. I have once deleted countless sentient beings from this space, including several races that rebelled against the Green Jade Civilization. There are also some uncontrollable threats and energy clusters that could erupt at any time.
Jing … "
"Empty?" Luo Zheng looked at the Green Jade Spirit with a strange gaze.
This void was not empty. All sorts of wreckage were intertwined together. It was just like a huge garbage dump station.
The Green Jade Spirit noticed the expression on Luo Zheng's face. He then asked: "Did I say something wrong?"
"There are many wreckage of living beings in this space. There are also mountain rocks, soil, and all sorts of other things floating chaotically …" Luo Zheng answered.
"How is that possible!" The Green Jade Spirit was extremely familiar with this empty space. He said: "After deleting the substances in this space, they would be completely deleted after a period of time. If they were not retrieved, regardless of whether they were living beings or corpses, they would disappear completely. How could it be like what you said? You …
Bring me over to take a look! "
Seeing the reaction of the Green Jade Spirit, Luo Zheng understood that even the Green Jade Spirit, the former Child of Truth, might not be aware of the changes in this space.

Chapter 3087
The Chaos Ancient Gods who controlled the lowest level of space rules did have the right to delete space.
But this right could be taken back.
If they felt that they had deleted it, they could retrieve it within a certain time limit. But after this time, it would be useless.
The Spirit of Green Jade had once served as the Scion of Truth who controlled space, so it was very clear about this.
The strange thing that Luo Zheng said was even more shocking than the discovery of the flaw of the Arc Light Energy!
After Luo Zheng dispersed the incarnation of his Inner God, he also invited the Spirit of Green Jade out of his Inner World and hid it within his body.
9527 had already noticed the existence of the Spirit of Green Jade, so it was not too strange for these two Chaos Ancient Gods to stay together. They both silently observed the surrounding scene.
This space passage was not long, and it did not take long for them to reach the end. At the end of the passage, there appeared an identical ancient gate.
When the delicate young man pushed open the ancient gate, what appeared in front of him were huge bronze thin pillars. These thin pillars were like thin snakes, entangled together at a unique angle.
When Luo Zheng had just been exiled to this space, he had already noticed these thin bronze pillars. But because he was extremely far away, he could only see dark golden lines.
And behind the thin pillars was the end of this space.
At the end of the space was not a layer of wall, but a black fluff-like thing.
"Hey! What's wrong with the Pillars of Ji Deletion? Why is it like this? This, this … "The Spirit of Green Jade's voice had a trace of horror and doubt.
"Are you talking about these thin pillars?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes! These Pillars of Ji Deletion are the foundation of this space. They can't be destroyed, even by the Scion of Truth. Every once in a while, the Pillars of Ji Deletion will delete all matter in this space and restore it to the void. But now it's like this! "The Spirit of Green Jade sized up.
In the distant void.
Although this ancient gate had sent Luo Zheng a considerable distance away, he could still see the wreckage in the distance. The wreckage formed a belt of ruins that coiled together.
After seeing the ruins mentioned by Luo Zheng, the Spirit of Green Jade completely understood that there was indeed a problem with this space.
"Since you had grasped the spatial truth of Chaos back then, didn't you notice anything strange?" 9527 also said, "Their master was born in the 77th civilization. You were born in the 749th civilization."
There were more than six hundred civilizations in between, which meant that chaos had been destroyed more than six hundred times. During this process, more than six hundred living beings had become chaos ancient gods, wielding the truth of the lower dimensions.
As for the humans of the 77th civilization, they were either hiding in the Nirvana Realm, unable to descend until now, or hiding in this void.
In the process of hiding, not only did he have to avoid being completely deleted by the Deleting Pillar, but he also had to avoid the eyes and ears of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. This was too difficult!
"I didn't notice anything strange …" The Green Jade Spirit shook its head.
While the Green Jade Spirit was communicating with 9527, the handsome young man said to Luo Zheng, "We are here. Please follow me."
"Where are you going to take me?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
The seductive woman smiled sweetly and said, "Over there."
Luo Zheng followed her gaze and looked into the distance. At a node where the Deleting Pillars intersected, a palace was built.
The appearance and craftsmanship of this palace were completely different from what Luo Zheng had seen before.
After entering the palace, Luo Zheng looked around and then asked, "Only the two of you live in this palace?"
The handsome man nodded and said, "Master and the other brothers have already left."
"Left? They have already returned to the chaos? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The seductive woman shook her head and said, "They have already gone outside of the chaos."
"Outside of the chaos …" Luo Zheng gasped.
Even the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 were shocked when they heard this.
The entire history of the chaos had not been broken. Because of the existence of the Nirvana Realm, many clues of the past were kept there. If one could climb to the top of the Nirvana Realm, one could always learn about the secrets of the chaos.
But what was outside of the chaos had always been a mystery.
The two of them smiled when they saw Luo Zheng's reaction.
Although they had never been to the mother world, they had heard about the mother world from their master. From the moment the chaos was born, no one had ever left the chaos.
The chaos was insurmountable. It was an absolute truth.
But their master had done it, and they were proud of it.
"Quickly ask them how they got out, and what is outside of the chaos!" 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit urged at the same time.
At the level of 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit, there were very few secrets that could arouse their curiosity. They really couldn't wait to know what was outside of the chaos.
"How did your master get out, and what is outside of the chaos?" Luo Zheng asked.
Unexpectedly, the seductive woman shook her head and said, "The space outside of the chaos is indescribable. Master also said that at least we can't describe it with words. We can only experience it, but we can't understand it."
"Then why didn't the two of you leave this place with Master and go to the outer region?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The handsome man's face showed a trace of helplessness, and then he said, "We dare not disobey Master's words. Master asked us to wait for your arrival."
"Me? You expected me to come? "Luo Zheng curled his lips.
Luo Zheng was born in this round of chaos, and he had never seen their master. Their words sounded very fake.
Unexpectedly, the handsome man said, "Master said that the chaos will go through the last round sooner or later. When the human race in the chaos is prosperous again, it will be the most critical time. You are the first human we found, and the news you brought is also in line with Master's calculation."
The creatures born in each round of chaos were completely different, and the differences between civilizations were also huge.
The human race was born in the 77th civilization, and no human race appeared in the civilizations after that. But in this round of chaos, the reappearance of the human race was an abnormal thing in itself.
Now the human race in the mother world was not a "dominator" force, but after years of development, they each became a super force. Such development was not accidental.
"Then what is the purpose of your master?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The handsome man smiled and said, "Master has lived an ignoble existence in this space for countless years. He said that the only belief he has in living is for his former people."

Chapter 3088
Luo Zheng followed the gaze of the handsome man and saw the name under the statue.
"The name of your master is King Wu You?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!"
The handsome man and the seductive woman nodded with a look of reverence.
From the words of the handsome man, Luo Zheng had obtained some crucial information.
The human race was once prosperous in the Chaos. Like other civilizations, the human race failed to complete the Path of the End and had to hide in the Nirvana Realm.
However, for countless years, the human race of the Nirvana Realm did not seem to be well-known. They should have hidden themselves like the Green Jade civilization.
It was not a coincidence that the human race was born in this Chaos. Perhaps the human race of the Nirvana Realm had used some means to bring the human race back to the Chaos and gradually became prosperous with the help of the Jiuli, You Xiong, Shennong, and Heavenly Palace.
Rather than waiting for his arrival, it was better to say that they were waiting for the arrival of a "human."
When Luo Zheng appeared, it meant that the plan of the "human race civilization" had begun …
"Do you two agree with my deduction?" Luo Zheng communicated with 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit through his consciousness.
The Green Jade Spirit and 9527 were both spirits with great wisdom. Luo Zheng's deduction was complete, but 9527 immediately said, "But the human race is not unified now. Even if your deduction is correct and the human race born in this Chaos was created by the human race civilization, You Xiong, Heavenly Palace, and even Li Shan's Fuxi are not unified. They are even opposed to each other."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng looked a little confused. If the human ancestor civilization wanted to achieve something, the human race they created must be a whole. Why were there several branches, each occupying different positions and choosing different Paths?
"Something must have happened," said the Green Jade Spirit. "Due to the uniqueness of the Nirvana Realm, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm could not freely descend into the Chaos. They could only choose a spokesperson and carry out the spokesperson war. They had too little control over the creatures of the Chaos …"
"Did you have a spokesperson before?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course …" The Spirit of the Green Jade said, "Starting from the 751 civilization, at the beginning of every civilization, the Green Jade Civilization had a spokesperson. It only stopped after we were defeated and hid in the 13th heaven. There were a few spokespersons who betrayed us. This kind of thing is very common in the Nirvana Realm …"
The creatures of the Chaos entered the Nirvana Realm to pursue greater power.
Those who could be chosen as a spokesperson of a civilization were those with great luck and perseverance...............................................
The Green Jade Spirit had experienced much more chaos than 9527, so he naturally had more say in this aspect.
............................................................
The man and woman shook their heads in unison. "We don't know what Master's plan is. He just asked us to stay here and wait for the first exiled human to arrive."
"What if it's other exiled creatures?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Chaos Ancient God had deleted a lot of space in the Chaos. There must be a lot of aliens who had been deleted into this space.
"Kill them all," answered the handsome man calmly.
The seductive woman smiled. "A long time ago, a huge space was sent here. Many strong people came, but they were all killed by Senior Brother alone. I didn't even have time to do anything …"
Hearing this nonchalant answer, Luo Zheng stood in place for a long time.
Those who could be opponents of the Chaos Ancient God were powerful beings in the Chaos. How could such powerful beings be killed so easily by these two people?
The man and woman had stayed here for countless years. They didn't have any tricks up their sleeves. What they said was the truth …
"Then did King Ashoka tell us what we should do when humans arrive?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The seductive woman stared at Luo Zheng with a smile. "Of course we will wait here for Master to return!"
"How long do we have to wait?" Luo Zheng frowned.
If it took too long, it would be troublesome when the Chaotic Origin Great World ended.
The handsome man shook his head. "I don't know … Master doesn't return at a fixed time. The last time he returned was 800 units of time ago. This time, he shouldn't be back later than that."
"800 units of time? How long is that?" Luo Zheng asked while blinking his eyes.
"According to the Chaos Time System, a unit of time is 10,000 years." The handsome man calmly said.
"…"
When Luo Zheng heard this, he was speechless.
King Ashoka had left for eight million years. He couldn't possibly stay in this godforsaken place for eight million years!
"You seem to be in a rush?" The seductive woman noticed the expression of Luo Zheng. She chuckled and asked.
"Yes, there are some urgent matters in the Primal Chaos. Do the two of you have a way to leave this place?" Luo Zheng asked with a complicated expression.
The seductive woman shook her head, "Perhaps Master can do it …"
"Is there a way to inform your Master?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The seductive woman and the handsome man exchanged glances. Only then did the handsome man say: "That is possible. Master has said before that if there are any humans exiled, we can immediately find him to return."
Luo Zheng revealed a joyous look. "Then should we inform him now?"
The handsome man pondered for a moment before saying: "Just follow me."
There was a simple and unadorned door at the back of this palace. The two brought Luo Zheng through the door and arrived at the boundary of this world. It was also that layer of wall covered in black fur.
The top, bottom, left, and right of the wall could not be seen.
Standing in front of the wall, no matter how big a lifeform was, they would feel incomparably tiny.
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, there was a small circular cave.
"You can't use voice transmission here. If you want to inform Master, you can only do it outside the Primal Chaos. This is the passageway that leads to the outside of the Primal Chaos," the handsome man explained.
Luo Zheng looked at the passageway curiously and asked: "Was this cave dug by your Master?"
"Yes." The handsome man nodded and said: "Since before we were born, Master has been digging here. It took him about eight million units of time to dig through … Master is also a person of great determination!"
Eight million units of time was equivalent to eighty billion years. It was indeed a terrifyingly long period of time!
"I can't believe that there are people in this world who can dig through the Primal Chaos …" the jade spirit murmured in Luo Zheng's body.
"I don't believe it either …" 9527 said at the same time.

Chapter 3089
No matter how prosperous a round of chaos was, in the end, it could not avoid that needle.
All souls were destroyed, and the living fell into eternal slumber.
This was not a catastrophe, but the fate of chaos since its birth.
In order to disobey this fate, there was only one way, and that was to transform into a Nirvana creature and hide in the Nirvana Realm.
Countless units of time had passed, and not a single living being had been spared.
Either enter the Nirvana Realm, die, or take the slim chance of becoming the next Child of Truth. But even after surviving two rounds of chaos, the outcome was still "death."
Countless creatures and geniuses had tried all kinds of methods.
Escaping from chaos was the simplest and most direct method.
But from the blossoming to the withering of civilizations, no one had ever succeeded.
Now, this "Ashoka King" was not only hiding in the "Recycle Bin" of this space, avoiding the doom of death after the arrival of the end, but even penetrating the chaos. The shock in 9527 and the Spirit of the Green Jade was almost indescribable.
Whether they believed it or not, now that the truth was in front of them, they naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would go and find out.
The handsome man and the seductive woman took the lead and went into the round hole, followed by Luo Zheng.
The wall of the round hole was made of an extremely dense brown material, not mud or rock. Luo Zheng reached out and gently pressed on the wall, and then burst out with the power of the Nirvana Realm.
But the wall did not react at all. The material of the wall was so solid that it was almost impossible to break …
After the handsome man noticed Luo Zheng's action, he smiled and said, "This wall is impossible to break. Master said that even the power of a hundred thousand or a million Godly Jun can't leave a mark on it …"
"…"
Luo Zheng choked for a while before saying, "How solid is this wall?"
"It's not a matter of firmness. Master said that this wall is absolutely indestructible," the seductive woman continued.
"Then how did your master dig through this thing?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Master naturally has his ways." The handsome man revealed a proud expression.
Almost every sentence of these two was related to Ashoka King …
Luo Zheng also gave up testing the strength of the cave wall and continued to drill forward with the other two.
The length of this cave was also beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. The cave was only half the height of a person, but it actually extended for dozens of miles. Climbing like this was not tiring, but it still took him four hours to reach the end.
When they reached the end of the cave, Luo Zheng, 9527, and the Green Jade Spirit all looked over.
"This is the world outside the Chaos?"
What appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a starry sky.
The dots of light, near and far, emitted a bright blue light.
Previously, the delicate man and the seductive woman had described it to be extremely mysterious. However, this was only a void filled with stars …
The handsome man smiled and said, "Outside the Chaos, it's not like what you see … Try stretching your hand out of this cave."
Luo Zheng looks at him strangely and reaches his hand out of the cave according to what the handsome man said.
Then, a strange scene appeared.
The moment his finger left the cave, it turned into countless dots of starlight and spread out in all directions!
The further Luo Zheng stretched his hand out, the more the dots of starlight separated from each other. If Luo Zheng slowly retracted his hand, all the dots of starlight would gather at the entrance of the cave again.
When Luo Zheng completely retracted his hand into the cave, the scattered dots of starlight returned to his hand.
"This … is so magical …"
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng did not feel the slightest difference. Although his hand turned into dots of starlight, it did not hurt at all. He even felt the sensation of touch!
Seeing Luo Zheng's reaction, the handsome man and the seductive woman looked as if they had already expected it.
The seductive woman also gently stretched out her hand and waved it continuously. The scattered dots of starlight also danced in the void as she waved her hand.
"I'll go out and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
Then he got up and wanted to get out of the cave.
"No!"
Unexpectedly, the handsome man and the seductive woman's expressions changed and they blocked Luo Zheng's way.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked with a strange expression.
The handsome man said, "Master said that this state is called the Mysterious State. It's okay if the rest of your body turns into the Mysterious State, but if your whole body goes in, you won't be able to find the way back. You'll be lost in this state forever!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng also took a breath of cold air. Outside the Chaos was indeed an unimaginable existence.
What appeared in front of them was not the void, but a special state where matter appeared in a different way. Space and time were also indescribable.
"Then how did your master and the others get in?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Master has his own way … If you really want to see the outside, you can stick your head out. We'll pull you back after the time it takes to burn a stick of incense," the seductive woman suggested.
The two of them did not dare to enter the space outside the Chaos, but out of curiosity, they had used this method to see.
"That's one way!"
After Luo Zheng nodded, he leaned his body out of the cave. The handsome man grabbed Luo Zheng's legs from behind.
The moment Luo Zheng's head poked out of the cave, it also turned into countless bright blue starlights. As more and more of Luo Zheng's head poked out of the cave, the starlights began to spread rapidly.
Until now, Luo Zheng still did not feel anything strange.
Just as his whole head poked out, he felt his vision go dark and he could no longer see anything.
What replaced it was a new feeling!
Luo Zheng had never felt this before. In this void, everything around him became nothingness. He was one of the stars, and also all the stars!
Here, the distance became infinitely long and also infinitely short. He could reach out and touch the space that was farther away, but he could not reach the space that was closer.
Time accelerated with his thoughts. A hundred million years, ten billion years, an immeasurable number of years, but with a turn of his thoughts, only a moment passed.
Luo Zheng could not describe this strange feeling at all!
Just as the handsome man and the seductive woman said, in this state, he could not see the Chaos at all. Naturally, he could not find the cave. He even completely lost the perception of his own body.
If he rashly came in, he was afraid that he would be lost in this state forever.
Because he had lost the concept of time, Luo Zheng did not know how much time had passed. It seemed like a blink of an eye, but also like countless years.

Chapter 3090
After returning to the cave, Luo Zheng sat in the same place in a daze.
Switching back from the state of Xuan Liang, Luo Zheng was very uncomfortable.
"How was it?" The handsome man asked with a smile.
The seductive woman saw Luo Zheng's expression and looked as if she had expected it.
They had the same reaction when they first entered the space outside the Chaos.
After a while, Luo Zheng reacted.
He looked at the void outside the Chaos, and his expression became very complicated. "So, the light spots outside are actually other substances in the space?"
The handsome man nodded and said, "Master said that all substances are scattered. Maybe one of the light spots is part of Master …"
The void outside the Chaos was full of light spots, and substances were intertwined with each other. There was no distinction between you and me.
Luo Zheng had gone out once, and understood that it was meaningless to judge the size and distance of the void with his current eyesight.
"Luo Zheng, let me try!"
"I want to try too!"
9527 and the Spirit of the Green Jade said at the same time.
When Luo Zheng poked his head out, 9527 and the Spirit of the Green Jade were still lurking in his body, and did not follow Luo Zheng into the Chaos.
They were also very curious about this space.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said with his consciousness, "Go into my arm."
After the Spirit of the Green Jade and 9527's consciousness quickly went into Luo Zheng's arm, Luo Zheng reached his right hand out of the Chaos.
Like before, his right hand turned into a light spot and quickly spread out. This time, it was the consciousness of 9527 and the Spirit of the Green Jade that spread out.
While letting the two consciousnesses observe the state of Xuan Liang, Luo Zheng said to the handsome man, "Since your Master has turned into the state of Xuan Liang, how can you send a message to him and let him return?"
The seductive woman pointed to the edge of the cave. There were slender ropes nailed to the edge of the cave, and complex runes were drawn on the surface of the ropes.
There were a total of thirteen ropes. Because most of the ropes extended out of the chaos, only a small section the length of a finger was left in the cave. Luo Zheng had not noticed it before.
"Master and the other senior brothers have tied the Heaven Unraveling Rope around their bodies. Through the Heaven Unraveling Rope, they can spread the news," said the seductive woman.
"Thirteen ropes. There should be a total of thirteen people … Using the ropes to secure themselves? This King Ashoka sure has some ideas," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After the seductive woman explained, she gently raised her jade-like hand, and red, yellow, and blue energy beams spiraled from her palm.
Among the three energy beams, Luo Zheng had seen two of them before. They were the blue light beam emitted by the Big Eye Monster and the red bubble emitted by the Two-Headed Flying Snake. As for the third energy beam, it was the first time that Luo Zheng had seen it.
They had also said that King Ashoka had raised three races in the void. Presumably, the last race used the yellow energy.
"Hum …"
After the three energy beams formed a ball in the seductive woman's hand, she gently patted it on the runes on one of the ropes. The runes on the rope suddenly lit up and extended out of the chaos, turning into a few spots of light that quickly disappeared into the distance.
From the looks of it, the mysterious space outside the chaos was not untraceable. At the very least, King Ashoka had found the rules within.
At this time, Luo Zheng also withdrew his right hand from outside the cave. 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit that had been hidden in his right hand naturally returned as well.
"…" 9527.
"…" The Green Jade Spirit.
One was the former Scion of Truth, the other was the split soul of the current Chaos Elder God.
What kind of grand spectacle had they not seen? What kind of secrets had they not known?
But after entering the state of Profound Quantity, they were still deeply shocked.
Especially the Green Jade Spirit. It really did not expect that the space it had once controlled could extend out of the chaos and present such an inconceivable scene.
Luo Zheng did not ask how they felt. Instead, he asked, "How long do we have to wait to pass the message to your master?"
The handsome man thought for a moment before replying, "It's hard to say. Sometimes, master is in the space for too long and returns slowly. Sometimes, he returns very quickly. It depends on his mood." The seductive woman also said, "In the past, a golden-faced ghost was banished here. That golden-faced ghost had a very unique Nirvana token. Senior Brother and I couldn't beat it. In the end, we could only escape into this cave and call for Master. That time, Master only took a few breaths to come back.
In just a few breaths, the golden-faced ghost was subdued. "
"It depends on whether master is willing to return. If he values it very much, I'm afraid that in an instant …" As the handsome man spoke, the stars in the distance constantly fluctuated and gathered in the direction of the cave entrance.
The seductive woman pursed her lips and said, "It seems that master values you very much."
As disciples of King Ashoka, King Ashoka only appeared in moments of life and death.
Now that the seductive woman had just passed on Luo Zheng's message, master began to return. The seductive woman was actually a little jealous.
"Buzz …" More and more light spots gathered at the cave entrance. These light spots kept shrinking until they finally outlined a blurry human silhouette. The moment this human silhouette entered the cave, a curly-bearded man appeared in front of Luo Zheng and the others. This curly-bearded man and Luo Zheng were on the pocket-sized planet.
The statues they saw were exactly the same.
"Master!"
"Master!"
The seductive woman and the handsome man cupped their fists at the curly-bearded man and bowed respectfully.
After the curly-bearded man nodded slightly, his gaze fell on Luo Zheng. A pair of thick eyebrows suddenly rose as he sized him up very carefully.
"Greetings, senior." Luo Zheng also cupped his fists at the curly-bearded man and bowed.
King Ashoka did not respond. His gaze finally fell on Luo Zheng's right hand. He said, "There are two foreign race souls in your body. Why don't you show yourself? If you want to continue hiding and secretly observe me, don't blame me for erasing your consciousness! "
Hearing their master mention the foreign races, the seductive woman and the handsome man's faces immediately tensed up.
Under any circumstances, King Ashoka only recognized the human race and was extremely repulsive of other foreign races.
Some of the creatures who were removed from this space were extremely innocent. In order to survive, many of them had knelt and begged for mercy.
However, their master showed no mercy to the foreign races who entered this space. He did not leave a single one alive. Not only that, but their master also ordered his disciples to do the same. Over time, the seductive woman and the handsome man, like King Ashoka, had killed countless foreign races and developed an instinctive repulsion towards them. Luo Zheng was the only one who had survived after so many units of time.

Chapter 3091
Hearing King Ashoka's unfriendly tone, Luo Zheng's expression stiffened.
"Senior, these two are my companions …"
Luo Zheng was about to explain when King Ashoka cut him off. "No matter who you are, please reveal your true appearance. Otherwise, don't blame me for being impolite."
If it were any other situation, King Ashoka would have killed them without hesitation.
However, Luo Zheng was still a human. Since they were brought here by Luo Zheng, King Ashoka restrained himself. Still, he could not tolerate 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit spying on him in secret.
The Green Jade Spirit and 9527 did not hesitate. They transformed into two human soul forms, one green and one brown, and appeared before King Ashoka. At the same time, they cupped their hands in greeting.
"We have been residing in Luo Zheng's body for a long time. We have never shown our true appearances to anyone, nor do we have any intention of spying on you. We hope you can forgive us," said the Green Jade Spirit.
King Ashoka sized up the Spirit of the Green Jade, and a strange look appeared in his eyes. However, he smiled and said, "I'm familiar with your aura. You once controlled this space. You're the Child of Truth of the Green Jade civilization, right?"
The Green Jade Spirit nodded and smiled helplessly. "You are so powerful that I did not realize you were hiding here."
"If you had, I would not have lived to this day." King Ashoka glanced at the Green Jade Spirit.
Every once in a while, all matter within this space would be completely erased. This was the backyard of the Child of Truth, who controlled the truth of space. No matter which Child of Truth it was, they couldn't tolerate a single human living here.
"You must be joking," the Green Jade Spirit replied. "You have such great power. You can pass through the Wall of Chaos and travel beyond the chaos. If you can uncover the mysteries within, our Green Jade civilization would be more than happy to coexist with you. Why would we be your enemy?"
King Ashoka's expression did not change. "Even if you are not willing to be my enemy, the civilization behind you may not be. The situation on the other side is extremely complicated. How can a Child of Truth like you make decisions?"
For a moment, the jade spirit didn't know how to respond to King Ashoka's words. Speaking of which, if the jade spirit had sensed King Ashoka's existence back then, it would most likely have thought of a way to eliminate him.
"Forget it …" Duke Ashoka suddenly let out a long sigh. "At least I've survived. Now, even if those Scions of the Truth control the truth of space, they can forget about touching this space!"
Hearing King Ashoka's words, a strange expression appeared on the Green Jade Spirit's face. "Are you saying that even the Scion of Truth is unable to control this space?"
"Of course," Duke Ashoka said proudly. "They can only delete the space here, but they can't retrieve it. They can't even see what's inside this space. I've taken away the rights of the Scion of Truth"
Depriving the Child of Truth of his rights …
King Ashoka spoke calmly, but Luo Zheng, the Green Jade Spirit, and 9527 felt as if thunder had exploded in their hearts.
Such a rule was defined by the truth. Who could easily break the truth of the entire Chaos?
Amidst his shock, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. "Senior, since you've taken away the rights of the Scion of Truth, can you send me out?"
King Ashoka glanced at Luo Zheng and asked, "Are you in a hurry to go back?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng pursed his lips and nodded.
King Ashoka knew that most of the creatures sent into this space had offended the Scion of Truth.
However, the Scion of Truth's opponents were all exceptionally strong. Luo Zheng did not have such strength.
"Don't worry," King Ashoka said again. "I can help you find the time node of this space. No matter how much time is wasted, I'll send you back at that time node."
"Locate the time node at will!"
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit were shocked again.
The smaller the world, the easier it was to control it.
If it was one's own Inner World, as the omnipotent creator, controlling the flow of time and even reversing time would not be difficult.
However, an Inner World with a chaotic timeline was not a good thing for the creator either.
Usually, unless it was absolutely necessary, no one would mess up the flow of time in their Inner World too much.
In the universe, the Saints and even the Realm Masters could manipulate time and even change the flow of time. However, in the Divine Realm, such abilities were extremely rare and precious.
When it was expanded to the Mother World and the Chaos, it was basically impossible to directly cultivate supernatural powers to manipulate time and manipulate it.
Apart from a very small number of unique Nirvana tokens, almost no one could surpass the truth of time!
As for the truth of time, even the Chaos Ancient Gods could not grasp it!
Therefore, when King Ashoka said that he could locate the time node at will and send Luo Zheng back, they were extremely shocked.
"That's for the best!" Luo Zheng's face was full of joy.
King Ashoka glanced outside the cave. This time, he returned alone. The other twelve disciples were still floating outside the Chaos. He then said, "Let's return to the palace first."
Not long after, the group returned to the palace built on the Pillar of Ji's Deletion.
Along the way, King Ashoka asked about the situation in the Chaos. Luo Zheng told him about the situation of the several major human clans. At the same time, he also mentioned some of the superpowers in the Mother World.
When he heard that the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan had joined forces to exterminate the Jiuli Tribe, King Ashoka frowned and sighed, "I didn't expect that there would be a day when the Human Clan would kill each other!"
In King Ashoka's era, the Human Clan was a whole. As a dominating force, they occupied the entire Chaos.
Although they could not defeat that needle in the end, the Human Clan was extremely united from beginning to end.
From the way King Ashoka ostracized and hated the Alien Clan, it could be seen that he was always concerned about his own clan. He did not expect that when the Human Clan was reborn in the Chaos, they would be in such a complicated situation. He actually felt heartache.
"Senior, with your supernatural powers, if you can return to the Chaos, you can end that conflict," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Return?" King Ashoka shook his head.
"Senior, aren't you in control of this space? Can you reclaim everything in this space?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Ashoka revealed a helpless smile. At the same time, he pointed at 9527's soul and said, "He can return to the Chaos. You can also return to the Chaos. But can he?"
King Ashoka pointed at the Green Jade Spirit and said.
Although they were both souls, the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 were fundamentally different.
9527 was a genuine Divided Soul. The Green Jade Spirit relied on the "Instrument of Civilization" to carry Luo Zheng and appear in the Chaos. In fact, the Green Jade Spirit's body was still in the Nirvana Realm. He was in a descending state.
"Senior, you mean …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.

Chapter 3092
After a chaotic world was destroyed, the new world's rules would completely suppress everything in the previous world.
Living beings, matter, and even consciousness would be rejected.
Other than the chaotic ancient gods who had comprehended the truth, all living beings who wanted to live could only escape to the other side.
The space that King Ashoka was in was independent of the chaotic world. Although he could avoid the deletion of the Pillar of Time and control this space, he could only hide in this space like the other creatures on the other side.
"Another Paramita …" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit were also surprised. They only saw this space as a "recycle bin," but from another perspective, this space could avoid the extinction of the chaotic world. It could indeed be called another Paramita!
King Ashoka smiled and said, "Actually, I also intend to turn this place into another Paramita, a Paramita that belongs only to us humans. The other races can forget about getting a share of it!"
The situation on the other side was very complicated. Not only were there countless Yang souls, but there were also many kinds of Paramita creatures …
If one race could monopolize the other side, how terrifying would that be?
King Ashoka was very ambitious!
This news was naturally good for the human race. Luo Zheng thought for a moment and asked, "But how do the creatures of the chaotic world enter this space?"
The entrance to this space was controlled by the "mountain" and the chaotic ancient god behind it. It was difficult for King Ashoka to ensure that the ancient god was on his side.
King Ashoka asked calmly, "How do the creatures of the chaotic world enter the other side?"
"By cultivating the True Meaning of Dao, of course," Luo Zheng answered without thinking.
When Luo Zheng answered, the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 exchanged glances. They already had a feeling in their hearts.
Luo Zheng immediately reacted. "Is there a True Meaning of Dao that can lead to this place?"
King Ashoka's face revealed a meaningful expression. He reached out and three energies of red, yellow, and blue spiraled up. "This True Meaning of Dao is my life's work. I call it the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction."
"You created a True Meaning of Dao!" 9527 felt that his brain could not wrap around it.
"How is this possible …" The Green Jade Spirit's eyes were also filled with confusion.
What they had seen and heard today had completely overturned their understanding.
The Green Jade Spirit understood everything more thoroughly than 9527. All the Sanskrit was passed down by it through the Nirvana Realm, and the thirteen True Meanings of Tao recorded should have been created by the No.1 Civilization.
There were always people who found special Nirvana Realm tokens in the Nirvana Realm, but no one had ever created the True Meaning of Dao!
King Ashoka fused the three types of energy into one, and the three colors merged into a ball of black energy.
As the black energy continued to roll, it finally turned into a stone statue. This statue was actually a horse's head!
"Creating things out of nothing …" Luo Zheng's eyes kept twitching.
The ability to create things out of thin air could only be completed in one's own inner world.
But Duke Ashoka had actually used the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction to casually create a stone sculpture …
This action also shocked the three of them.
"Crack!"
As King Ashoka gently squeezed, the horse's head was crushed into powder. He said calmly, "The thirteen True Meanings of Tao were indeed created by the Instant Civilization, but they were all castrated by the Elemental Spirit Civilization and lost their original abilities. Back then, our human civilization fought a bloody battle with the Elemental Spirit Civilization in the Thirty-second Heaven, and the Elemental Spirit Civilization suffered a great loss. Since then, all the True Meanings of Tao have lost their original powers …"
"The human race was once so powerful in the bloody battle with the Elemental Spirit Civilization?" The Green Jade Spirit was even more shocked.
Even a civilization as powerful as the Green Jade Spirit Civilization couldn't make an enemy of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. The Green Jade Spirit didn't expect the human race to be so glorious in the Nirvana Realm!
It was just that there was a long gap between the 77th and 749th civilizations. When the human race retreated in defeat and chose to go into hiding, the legends of the human race disappeared without a trace. It was normal that the Green Jade Spirit hadn't heard of them.
King Ashoka's expression was proud, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. He ignored the Green Jade Spirit. The human race of the past was certainly not a nameless race!
Luo Zheng was concerned about another question. "Has the True Meaning of Dao been castrated?"
King Ashoka looked at Luo Zheng with a smile and asked, "Why? You noticed? "
"No," Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I cultivated the True Meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate and entered the Dao. However, I unintentionally obtained two Sanskrit characters from the True Meaning of Enlightenment. These two Sanskrit characters seem to have completed the True Meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate. I believe the castrated character that King Ashoka spoke of should be referring to the two extra Sanskrit characters?"
King Ashoka looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Demonstrate it for me."
Luo Zheng nodded, closed his eyes and meditated. He began to recite silently.
Not long after, a white cyclone formed in his mind. Although he didn't comprehend the True Meaning of the True Meaning of Enlightenment, it was enough for him to easily form a cyclone of this level.
The moment he saw the cyclone of True Meaning, King Ashoka nodded and said, "It's done."
"Does this count as … a part of the castrated character?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Ashoka nodded and said, "Yes. The True Meaning of Enlightenment that you speak of should have been deliberately released by someone."
Donghuang Taiyi obtained that yellow paper. It translated the True Meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate and formed the foundation of Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
As for whether Donghuang Taiyi obtained it by chance or was given to him by someone, only Donghuang Taiyi himself would know …
"Other than this True Meaning of Enlightenment, are there other castrated characters of the True Meaning of Dao?" King Ashoka asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I've never heard of them."
King Ashoka looked at 9527. 9527 also denied it and said, "I don't think so."
"The True Meaning of Thirteen Gates of Dao in the 749th Civilization should also be the castrated part that you speak of," the Green Jade Spirit replied.
With that said, Luo Zheng thought of something important and said, "Not only that, the True Meaning of Strength Crusher Divine Physique can't enter the Dao and can't use the physical body to enter the Nirvana Realm …"
"The True Meaning of Strength Crusher Divine Physique is also banned?" King Ashoka thought quietly after hearing this news. Then, a smile of understanding appeared on his face and he said, "As expected, those cowering in the Nirvana Realm are starting to feel afraid …"
The human race had never been a weak race. They had been immersed in it for so many years, all for this day.
"But senior, as you said, if we turn this place into a Nirvana Realm, where can we find the Nirvana Realm Token? And how can we obtain the power of the Nirvana Realm? "Luo Zheng asked again.
King Ashoka pointed at the void and said, "Aren't the Nirvana Realm Tokens all there?"
In the distant void, streaks of wreckage floated quietly.
"…"
Luo Zheng, 9527, and the Green Jade Spirit were speechless.

Chapter 3093
With King Ashoka's ability to control this space, it was not difficult to clean up the wreckage.
He left the wreckage here for a purpose, which was to keep it as a Nirvana Token.
"But these wreckage ruins themselves have no energy, no Nirvana Power, and should not have those complicated abilities …" Luo Zheng said after thinking for a while.
Whether a Nirvana Token was powerful or not could be seen by dividing it into two.
The strength of the Nirvana Token's Nirvana Power, and whether the Nirvana Token had any unique abilities.
The stronger the Nirvana Power, the stronger the bearer's power.
Although the mysterious Nirvana Realm Token's Nirvana Power wasn't strong, it often possessed an extremely abnormal ability. For example, the Heart of an Accomplice could forcibly end one's life and that of another powerhouse. Such an ability was actually so heaven-defying that it was almost unreasonable.
King Ashoka took a few steps, looked at the void, and said, "According to their thinking, it is almost impossible to complete the Path of the End by relying on the Nirvana Token. Back then, our human race fell into this nest."
9527 and Luo Zheng did not understand, but the Green Jade Spirit's eyes suddenly flashed.
After all, the Green Jade Civilization was once a dominating force, and had also fought against that needle, and wanted to complete the Path of the End!
"Senior, do you mean that it is impossible to complete the Path of the End by relying on the power of the Nirvana Token?" asked the Green Jade Spirit.
For the first time, King Ashoka looked at the Green Jade Spirit with an admiring gaze, and then said, "Among so many civilizations, our human race should have been the closest at that time. We almost completed it …"
"Almost?" A strange look flashed in the Green Jade Spirit's eyes. "Our Wing Monarch had fused with the Spiritless Grass of the 33 Levels of Heaven, and then used the Lamp of Judgment to reflect a thousand Spiritless Grass. After extracting the Nirvana Power, the power of withering was multiplied by thirty times, and combined with the Nether Thunder Shield, but …
It was a failure, and it should have been almost … "
As the strongest powerhouse of the Green Jade Civilization, the Wing Monarch was naturally chosen as the Person of the End.
The Green Jade Civilization gathered the power of an entire civilization and combined the Nirvana Realm tokens they searched for together. They unleashed the most terrifying power to fight against the needle.
For example, the Supreme Spirit Grass was a type of rootless grass that grew in the depths of the Thirty-third Heaven. It looked inconspicuous, but in reality, the Paramita Power it contained was the strongest among all the Paramita Tokens!
The Lamp of Judgment was also a rare Nirvana Realm Token. It was considered a supreme Nirvana Realm Token within the Thirty-two Levels of Heaven. Using the Lamp of Judgment to reflect the shadow of the Spiritless Grass, one could inherit half of the Nirvana Power of the Spiritless Grass. Reflecting a thousand Spiritless Grass was equivalent to increasing the power of the Spiritless Grass by five times.
A hundred times!
Luo Zheng had used the power of withering before. It was a Hermit Supernatural Power passed down to him by the Jiuli Tribe. However, the power of the Hermit Supernatural Power itself was far less than when used by the original body. When used by the Yi Monarch and the strong cultivators around him, the effect was naturally very different.
By multiplying it by 30 times on the basis of 500 times, the Paramita Power that was obtained was a number that would make one shudder.
This was the Yi Monarch's Path of the End!
When Luo Zheng heard the Green Jade Spirit's words, he was already very shocked. How terrifying was the power of the Yi Monarch's Path of the End?
Even with such a terrifying method, it still could not fight against the needle.
The Yi Monarch was the king of the Green Jade Civilization. Although the Green Jade Civilization had already been destroyed, the Green Jade Spirit was still quite proud when mentioning him.
Especially the Green Jade Civilization's Path of the End. It was already quite impressive to be able to reach that step …
Therefore, the Green Jade Civilization was not weak in the Nirvana Realm. It was also a powerful civilization that was once ranked in the top ten.
After hearing the Green Jade Spirit mention the Path of the End, King Ashoka shook his head and said, "The Green Jade Civilization's collecting ability is not bad. You were even able to find the Lamp of Judgment and the Netherworld Thunder Shield."
"Your Excellency is too kind." The Green Jade Spirit's face showed a trace of relief. At least this proved that the Green Jade Civilization did not do badly back then, although they still could not avoid failure.
Unexpectedly, King Ashoka changed the topic and said, "I'm not praising you. You are not just a little bit away from completing the Path of the End … There are no spiritual herbs carrying the Nirvana Realm token, and then the Lamp of Judgment and the power of withering to enhance it. This method is only one of our alternatives, and we are the most powerful.
We are not using the Netherworld Thunder Shield, but the Illusory Void Shield with stronger defense. "
"At that time, we chose a total of ten people to be the Person of the End. The person who used this plan was only ranked eighth …" King Ashoka shook his head as he spoke.
"Eighth …" The Green Jade Spirit's eyes widened, and his face was full of disbelief. "How is that possible! This is already the best plan chosen by the Yi Monarch! "
The Green Jade Spirit felt like he had been dealt a blow.
He originally thought that the Green Jade Civilization's Path of the End was already very close to success. However, it was only one of their alternatives, and its ranking was so low.
Dissatisfied in his heart, he quickly asked, "Then what did the first person use …"
"The person in first place …" A hint of sorrow appeared in King Ashoka's eyes. "That is our Human Ancestor. He inherited the Heart of Limits and the Great Overdraft Stone. The Great Overdraft Stone cannot be illuminated by the Lamp of Judgment, but he overdrew on everything he had, including his life force.
The power of the Nirvana Realm that was overdrafted from the Heart of Limits was stronger than the power that your Green Jade Civilization obtained. Then, with the power of withering to enhance it, and then … "
"Sigh, unfortunately, it still failed in the end, but it was really just a little bit away." King Ashoka revealed a regretful expression.
Perhaps he realized that he had dealt a blow to the Green Jade Spirit, so he added, "Actually, you can't be blamed. After our human race almost completed the Path of the End, those fellows hiding in the Nirvana Realm were frightened. They set the rules, and the Nirvana Realm was designed by them. They had no intention of letting us do as we pleased.
He Wenming completed the Path of the End. I estimate that after the 77th civilization, the Heart of Limits and the Great Overdraft Stone, the two Nirvana Realm tokens, were hidden by them, or even directly destroyed … "
9527 also nodded. "We have indeed never heard of these two Nirvana Realm tokens."
"According to their rules, the Path of the End is destined to fail. There is no possibility of success," King Ashoka said firmly. "So we cannot rely on that Nirvana Realm. We have to create our own power!"
He glanced at Luo Zheng and continued, "Their power also comes from outside the Chaos. We can also obtain this power."
As he spoke, King Ashoka reached out and gently tapped the pile of fragments on the ground. The broken stone statue of the horse's head reformed on its own, returning to its original state. However, the restored statue of the horse's head seemed to be somewhat different.
King Ashoka asked, "What did you see?"