Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.21

Chapter 2001
In the Domain of the Gods, any set of Sanskrit characters was considered to have extraordinary value.
The Luo River flowed endlessly, and it had existed in the Domain of the Gods for countless years.
Tens of thousands of years had passed since the seventeenth Divine Era, when the Luo River was located in the Mingchen Region, a heavy rain suddenly erupted.
Because of that heavy rain, a section of the Luo River collapsed.
And in that collapsed section, a huge black rock appeared, and on this black rock were seven golden Sanskrit characters.
This was the origin of the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters.
The news spread like wildfire, and it immediately attracted the attention of many powers in the Domain of the Gods. Even the rich and powerful families revealed a strong interest …
The first to receive the news, and the first to act was the Bai Family, ranked eighteenth among the rich and powerful families.
This was because the Mingchen Region belonged to the Bai Family.
Even though the Bai Family sealed off all channels of information in the shortest amount of time possible, the seven Sanskrit characters were still leaked out.
Many rich and powerful families, and many first-rate families, bought these seven Sanskrit characters at a high price. No matter how strict the Bai Family's blockade was, it was impossible for them to completely destroy these Sanskrit characters.
After all, a single Sanskrit character could be copied an unlimited number of times …
There was no way to find out who had taken out the first Sanskrit character, but the Bai Family had indeed been furious at the start.
But when the powerful figures of the Domain of the Gods obtained the Sanskrit characters, they immediately began to decipher them. But when they truly began to study them, the True Gods, Paragons, and Sages of the Domain of the Gods discovered the difficulty.
Although some of the more obscure Sanskrit characters were strange, there were always people who could decipher a few words from them. After all, generation after generation, the True Gods' understanding of Sanskrit would slowly increase.
But the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters were far too complicated compared to ordinary Sanskrit characters, and there was almost no way to decipher them.
This problem had troubled the True Gods of the Domain of the Gods, and to this day, there was still no solution.
The vast majority of the True Gods who were interested in Sanskrit had more or less attempted to decipher this problem. After all, not being able to decipher it wasn't anything shameful. With so many powerful figures attempting to decipher it, wouldn't they have struck it rich?
Those who were knowledgeable could tell at a glance that the seven golden Sanskrit characters were the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters. Even if the middle-aged man had blurred the characters, the white-robed elder and the youth could still recognize them.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng shouldn't be interested in this famous and unsolvable problem at all!
However, the guy they thought was a celestial being actually showed a strong interest in these seven Sanskrit tablets. Looking at how he restrained himself, he most likely thought that he had picked up a treasure.
Therefore, the two of them were speechless and devastated.
Where did this guy come from? He looked like he didn't know anything about Sanskrit, but he could casually give such accurate insights.
The young man even faintly hoped that this young man was just trying to flirt with the stall owner …
"Stall owner, are you going to sell these seven Sanskrit tablets?" Luo Zheng squinted and asked.
The special thing about Sanskrit was that if you couldn't decipher it, it was worthless. Other than being used to appreciate it, it was useless.
Based on Luo Zheng's current understanding, Devanagari characters that had been completely deciphered were extremely rare in God's Domain. He was currently considering how to obtain this set of Devanagari characters at a lower price.
The middle-aged man's thoughts were probably similar to the white-robed elder's and the youth's thoughts.
In God's Domain, those who didn't recognize the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters were all rookies among rookies. Seeing that a fish had taken the bait, he naturally had to serve it well.
The middle-aged man's head drooped and his eyelids opened slightly. He glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and sneered. "It wasn't easy for me to obtain these seven Sanskrit tablets. However, since I've set up a stall here, I naturally have to sell them. However, I'll only sell them to people who know their value!"
"Name your price." Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to waste time with him and simply said, "Name your price."
The middle-aged man stretched out a hand and lazily said, "Five thousand Shenwu coins!"
Hearing the middle-aged man's words, the surrounding stall owners were shocked.
When they saw Luo Zheng's intense interest in the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters, they all looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at an idiot.
If it weren't for the tacit rule of their profession that they couldn't casually start a competition, they would have immediately brought the Luo River's Seven Sanskrit characters to Luo Zheng. Not five hundred, not fifty, just five Shenwu coins would be enough!
However, at the same time, these stall owners were inwardly cursing the middle-aged man for being brainless. This youth was only a Lesser True God. Even if they killed him, he probably wouldn't be able to fork out five thousand Shenwu coins. No matter how black-hearted he was, he wouldn't be able to scam someone like that.
In truth, the middle-aged man also knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to fork out five thousand Shenwu coins. He had only named this price to extort a little and test Luo Zheng's reaction.
Normally, rookies like this would reveal a depressed or disappointed expression.
However, Luo Zheng's expression made the middle-aged man's heart beat wildly …
This fellow was clearly hesitant and moved!
"No way, he can really fork out a few thousand Shenwu coins?" The middle-aged man's expression didn't change as he stared at Luo Zheng's expression.
The white-robed old man and the youth continued to watch without batting an eyelid. The two of them were also whispering to each other.
"He really wants to buy it."
"Five thousand Shenwu coins isn't enough to scare him off. How many Shenwu coins does this fellow have?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, then smiled and said, "Don't you think your price is a little high?"
The middle-aged man watched Luo Zheng's every move and continued to speak in a lazy voice. "It's hard to say how much this item will cost. For those who know their stuff, these seven Sanskrit characters are priceless treasures. Forget five thousand Shenwu coins, even five hundred thousand Shenwu coins would be the same. For those who don't know their stuff, even five Shenwu coins would be considered expensive."
He wasn't wrong.
However, the standard for knowing their stuff was to be able to decipher these seven Sanskrit characters …
Five thousand Shenwu coins wasn't worth mentioning to Luo Zheng. With his current net worth, even ordinary families couldn't compare to him. Moreover, his inner world was producing an endless supply of Shenwu coins.
"It's too expensive." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"As you wish." The middle-aged man also grasped Luo Zheng's thoughts. He judged that as long as Luo Zheng planned to leave, he would immediately plunge the price … Let alone five thousand, even if it was a hundred Shenwu coins, he would still laugh his head off.
Naturally, he didn't know that he had met a true nouveau riche today.
"Alright then, five thousand it is." Luo Zheng pursed his lips.
As soon as he said this, the middle-aged man's narrowed eyes widened. When he saw Luo Zheng flip his hand and a huge pile of black Shenwu coins poured out, his heart almost flew out of his chest. He suddenly felt that this world was a little unrealistic.
The surrounding stall owners also had their mouths wide open. They stared dumbly at Luo Zheng and the Shenwu coins that were pouring out …
"A, a deal?" The white-clothed old man couldn't maintain his composure.
The young man exchanged glances with him. Just as the middle-aged man was about to pounce on the pile of Shenwu coins, the two of them rushed over like the wind.
"Wait!" The white-clothed old man blocked Luo Zheng's path.
The young man used a fiendish expression to glare fiercely at the middle-aged man.
These two people who suddenly dashed out made Luo Zheng rather puzzled.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked.
"These seven Sacred Glyphs aren't worth this price. If you really need them, this old man can give them to you for free!" The white-clothed old man said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Hearing the white-clothed old man's words, the middle-aged man immediately became anxious. That was five thousand Shenwu coins! He shouted, "Do you know the rules? How can you do this! I'm the one who negotiated this deal with him! "
The young man coldly sneered, "Rules? The rules of Mingsword God City are set by my family. If you still want to stay here, don't talk to me about rules! "

Chapter 2002
The faces of the surrounding stall owners turned solemn.
Although they couldn't do anything in non-offensive areas, the Sword Tribe still had an unparalleled influence in non-offensive areas.
On the chest of this young man, there were alternating black and white stripes. This was one of the unique symbols of the Sword Clan, and the Sword Clan enjoyed absolute privileges in all the divine cities in the Ruomu Region.
Seeing that the middle-aged man didn't say anything, the young man collected the Shenwu coins on the ground. When he turned around, his originally cold face was filled with warmth.
"You're giving it to me for free?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
In truth, Luo Zheng had considered that the price of these Sanskrit characters might be inflated.
But with Luo Zheng's current wealth, he didn't care too much about it …
But no matter how inflated the price was, these seven unique Sanskrit characters were still worth a lot. The white-robed old man had said that he would give it to him for free, as if it were as simple as buying cabbage. Luo Zheng couldn't wrap his head around it.
"Indeed, I can give it to you for free. This is because the rubbing of the Luo Shui Seven Sanskrit characters is very widespread in the divine territory. It can't be considered a secret, so naturally, it's not worth much," the young man said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly understood. But his gaze went past the young man and saw the middle-aged man's pitiful appearance, his eyes full of annoyance. Luo Zheng smiled and casually grabbed a handful of Shenwu coins. "As you said, in the eyes of the right people, these Sanskrit characters are priceless. Five thousand Shenwu coins isn't impossible … but since someone has exposed it today, can you sell it to me for a hundred Shenwu coins?"
The middle-aged man had already lost all hope. He was about to become rich overnight, but someone had forcefully disrupted his hopes.
Now that he saw that Luo Zheng was willing to pay a hundred Shenwu coins, he was flabbergasted. Even a hundred Shenwu coins wasn't a small sum to many True Gods, let alone the fact that the Luo Shui Seven Sanskrit characters weren't worth much.
"This …"
The young man and the white-robed old man also widened their eyes.
They had already said that they would give it to the young man for free, but he was still willing to spend a hundred Shenwu coins. Did he really have so much money that he didn't know where to spend it?
Although this price was still a little ridiculous, it wasn't enough to make them feel heartache for Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng had insisted on it, so they couldn't just stop him.
"Yes, yes …"
The middle-aged man hurriedly nodded, as if he was afraid that Luo Zheng would go back on his word. He then folded the Luo Shui Seven Sanskrit characters and handed over to Luo Zheng …
The surrounding stall owners were rather envious at first. With five thousand Shenwu Coins in front of them, it was enough to make many True Gods risk their lives.
After being stopped by the young man, they felt a little better.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng settle the deal with a hundred Shenwu coins, he was naturally envious of the middle-aged man.
..............................
In the beginning, they had treated Luo Zheng as a fat sheep who didn't know the ways of the world. Now, they understood that he was a true nouveau riche, a person who didn't care about Shenwu coins at all. If this person could visit their stall, they would make a fortune.
After Luo Zheng collected the remaining Shenwu coins, the young man took the opportunity to say, "Friend, since you're fated to visit my Famous Sword God City, would you do me the honor of having a chat?"
However, at this moment, the surrounding stall owners began to shout out one after another.
"Great Golden Heavenly Witchcraft characters, from the Heavenly Witchcraft Region, twin Sanskrit characters …"
"Three-eyed Golden Sanskrit, three pieces in a set …"
"…"
Ever since Sanskrit was passed down to the world, it had formed a complicated faction.
Based on the surface characteristics of Sanskrit, countless names and interpretations had been born.
Although these names were laughable and those who truly understood Sanskrit wouldn't even bother to talk about them, to these low-level True Gods, it was a way to make a living.
As a secondary life form from the universe, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry when he saw these True Gods with unlimited lifespans selling things like street vendors.
The rules of the divine territory had completely given birth to a different kind of society.
He also knew that these stall owners were shouting for him to patronize them.
He had just entered Famous Sword God City, so he could indeed choose some Sanskrit characters to bring back …
Luo Zheng glanced at the young man and smiled faintly. "Sure, but I want to choose some Sanskrit characters first."
The young man and the old man in white revealed a trace of helplessness on their faces. The rubbings of the common goods on the street were either undecipherable Sanskrit characters or Sanskrit characters that everyone knew. How could there be anything good?
Since Luo Zheng had said so, the young man and the old man in white could only accompany him.
The pitiful two of them couldn't even be bothered to look at these True Gods selling Sanskrit characters in Famous Sword God City. Now, they had to accompany Luo Zheng to sweep up the goods …
Luo Zheng himself didn't have a deep understanding of Sanskrit. Everything he knew about Sanskrit came from Luo Nian.
Along the way, he chose Sanskrit characters that were strangely shaped or pleasing to the eye.
The young man and the old man in white shook their heads. Luo Zheng's performance was completely that of a novice. Then how could the scene at the city gate be explained?
"This Pear Blossom Sanskrit, two hundred Shenwu coins …"
A stall owner just stretched out his hand.
The young man smiled faintly. "We have this Sanskrit. We'll give you one free later."
The stall owner's face stiffened, but he didn't know what to say …
"This Sanskrit is called Dragon Body Sanskrit. Look at the front and back of this brush, it's like a dragon flying in the sky … It's priced at one hundred and fifty coins …"
"We have this too. Worthless little thing. I'll remember it for Brother Luo!" The young man laughed mischievously.
Along the way, the young man, the old man in white and Luo Zheng introduced themselves to each other.
The old man in white was called Mo Dian, and the young man was called Mo Po 'er.
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that this Mo Po 'er was actually the city lord of Mingjian God City. According to him, Mingjian God City had just changed city lords. He was the new city lord and was only the acting city lord. He still needed to observe for a while before he could truly take over Mingjian God City.
Along the way, Luo Zheng chose about twenty Sanskrit characters. Under Mo Po 'er's obstruction, he didn't let Luo Zheng spend a single Shenwu coin. He only said that these Sanskrit characters would be given to Luo Zheng, and the quality of the copies would be far better than the ones sold here!
Not long after, Luo Zheng was invited to the tallest sword-shaped building in Mingjian God City.
All the lines in the Sword Clan's main hall were horizontal and vertical. The sword-shaped decorations were filled with killing intent. In Ruomu Domain, sword-related culture occupied an extraordinary position.
"These are the Sanskrit characters that Brother Luo chose just now." An attendant placed a stack of Sanskrit characters in front of Luo Zheng.
Just as Mo Po 'er had said, these Sanskrit characters were also printed, but the quality was incomparable to the ones sold on the streets. Every Sanskrit character was gilded with a golden frame, and the surface was covered with a layer of pure glass. The design was exquisite like a work of art.
Luo Zheng didn't stand on ceremony and accepted these Sanskrit characters.
Then, he heard Mo Po 'er ask, "Brother Luo, you came to Ruomu Domain at this time. You must be here for the Dao Battle?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Of course."
In his heart, Luo Zheng wasn't here for the Dao Battle …
It was purely based on Jing Wuhuan's analysis that Yu Taibai would bring Luo Yan here.
But Ruomu Domain was a large domain in the divine territory. God knew how many divine cities like Mingjian God City there were. He didn't know where to find Yu Taibai and the others.
"That's good." Mo Po 'er smiled. "The Dao Battle this time is very, very important to our Sword Clan …"
She emphasized the word "very" twice, which made Luo Zheng feel even more strange.

Chapter 2003
Before coming to Ruomu Region, Jing Wuhuan had explained the process of the Dao Contest to Luo Zheng in detail.
There were many True Gods who wanted to participate in the Dao Contest.
Most True Gods didn't even have the chance to come to Ruomu Region because the journey was too far.
Some of the more resolute people had traveled thousands of miles to come here. They had even used up all of their family's wealth.
Even so, these True Gods still didn't have the right to participate in the Dao Contest …
Almost 90% of the True Gods stopped at the God City. Even the West Pole Ruomu didn't have the right to go up!
Even if they climbed up Ruomu, they still had to face the Sword race's tests.
In the end, only a few hundred True Gods were qualified to participate in the Dao Contest. Most of these True Gods came from wealthy families.
Hence, there were very few True Gods who could sit in the middle of Ruomu Region and discuss the Dao!
This Ruomu Region extended countless roots into the sea. 87 of them extended all the way to the shore.
The Sword Race built eighty-seven divine cities beside the eighty-seven roots, and Ming Sword God City was one of them.
Every time the Dao Contest started, these God Cities would act as a temporary base to select candidates and send those with the most potential to Ruomu Region.
This was also one of the missions of every City Lord.
Mo Po 'er had just been appointed as the acting City Lord of Sword God City. He desperately wanted to achieve some results to strengthen his position.
He hoped to find one or two people from Sword God City who had the right to participate in the Dao Contest …
This wasn't so easy.
There were simply too few grassroots True Gods who had a solid foundation. According to the previous years, out of the 87 True Gods who were recommended, there were only about 50 to 60 people who could truly participate in the Dao struggle. Divided among the various True Gods, there was less than one person on average!
The Sword God City was actually a relatively remote god city, so this time, he had to make a move personally.
He didn't expect that he and Mo Dian would notice Luo Zheng's monstrous actions when they were observing from the city gate.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng had the original golden Sanskrit words, just seeing that he could accurately read the meaning of the two Sanskrit words was enough to shock them.
However, Luo Zheng's actions after entering the city made him seem like a rookie. This really confused Mo Po 'er.
"I think so," Luo Zheng nodded and replied.
Mo Dian glanced at Luo Zheng and asked, "Since Brother Luo is here to fight for the Dao, you must have prepared a lot. I also admire Brother Luo's speech in front of the city gate. However, why is Brother Luo unable to read normal Sanskrit? You don't seem to understand Sanskrit? "
Not to mention the seven Sanskrit characters of Luo River, Luo Zheng did not even know the famous Sanskrit characters that could be seen everywhere. This was their greatest doubt.
Luo Zheng only smiled faintly at this. "In my opinion, Sanskrit is just a language used by those creatures who are above their level. Those who can recognize it are those who can recognize it. Those who can't recognize it are those who can't recognize it. However, these True Gods in the Domain of the Gods have forcefully added their own understanding and classified it into mysterious categories. Let me ask you, are they really able to recognize this Sanskrit?"
Luo Zheng's question stunned Mo Dian.
Mo Po 'er clapped her hands and said with a smile, "Not bad! .... You've jumped out of the fence! Thinking about it, these Sanskrit words shouldn't have made up so many strange names. It's a mistake! "
Luo Zheng's words were often said by true masters of Sanskrit.
After all, those masters had their own understanding of Sanskrit, and even had experience in deciphering Sanskrit. However, such people were few and far between. Thus, they didn't care about the sects and names of the True Gods.
Mo Po 'er and Mo Dian naturally didn't know.
Luo Zheng had already come into contact with golden Sanskrit when he was still a Xiantian lifeform.
He did not study Sanskrit in the same system as the True Gods in the Divine Realm.
Even though Gu Bei had left behind many insights on Sanskrit, Luo Zheng didn't have time to digest them. He spent most of his time cultivating.
Later on, Luo Nian, who was only in his teens, seemed to have been enlightened. He began to casually decipher these Sanskrit words, giving Luo Zheng the illusion that these Sanskrit words weren't that difficult.
Now that he'd arrived at Mingjian City, Luo Zheng realized that it wasn't that Sanskrit was easy to decipher, but that Luo Nian was too monstrous.
Thus, before Luo Zheng could figure out the situation, he'd already been treated as a "Master" ….
… …
Under Mo Po 'er's warm invitation, Luo Zheng stayed the night in the manor.
The next day, Mo Po 'er personally led Luo Zheng to the west gate.
The west gate of Mingjian City was at the edge of the sea. Once you stepped out of this gate, you'd be able to step onto one of Ruo Mu's roots.
Under normal circumstances, the west gate was closed.
Only the disciples of the sword race had the right to enter.
After the battle of Dao began, all the divine cities would undergo a first round of screening. Those who didn't meet the requirements would be barred from entering. Those who passed the first round of screening would be able to successfully climb up Ruo Mu.
When Mo Po 'er brought Luo Zheng to the west of Mingjian City, they saw a long line!
Countless True Gods were lined up, waiting for Mingjian City's screening. Among them, there were hundreds of guards who were maintaining order.
"So many people …." Looking at the long line, Luo Zheng was stunned.
The winding line from the west gate was probably tens of miles long. How long would it take to screen them one by one?
Seeing Luo Zheng's shocked expression, Mo Po 'er acted as if this was nothing out of the ordinary. "The first round of screening will last for at least half a year. There aren't many people now, but after a while, there will be more. This line will stretch all the way from inside the city to outside the city …."
Hearing Mo Po 'er's words, Luo Zheng was also in disbelief.
"Wouldn't it take a few months for these people to line up?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mo Po 'er chuckled. "More than a few months. When the battle of Dao began, the True Gods at the top all started lining up here two or three years in advance. The ones at the front started lining up after the last battle of Dao ended …. They've been lining up for about ten years."
Luo Zheng was completely speechless.
"There's no choice. Some people aren't even here to participate in the battle of Dao. They're lining up so that they can transfer their spots to the True Gods who need them. The ones at the front of the line usually get a few hundred Shenwu Coins if they transfer their spots to the disciples of the big families!" Mo Po 'er said helplessly.
Many True Gods worked hard for many years and couldn't earn much Shenwu Coins.
Time wasn't worth much to True Gods. Anyway, they could cultivate while lining up. Naturally, there would be some weirdos who would take advantage of this loophole ….
Mo Po 'er glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled. "Brother Luo, I personally recommended you. Of course, you don't have to follow behind these people."
After he finished speaking, he led Luo Zheng past the long line of people that was like a dragon …
In front of the west gate, three True Gods in white robes sat at the entrance. They carved a very strange circular array on the ground.
The array was ten feet in diameter. The array pattern was made up of long swords. They were placed together, leaving a small path in the middle.
A peculiar aura was being emitted from the formation.
One of the three white-robed True Gods waved at the True God at the front of the line, indicating that True God should enter.
That True God took a deep breath, then stepped into the array.
The moment that True God stepped in, all the long swords in the array began to hum. That True God seemed to have entered a certain state. His body began to tremble.
After that True God took the first step, he couldn't take the second step no matter what.

Chapter 2004
The Real God's action instantly caused the other Real Gods to burst into laughter.
The Real God blushed and glared at the people around him angrily. Then, he quickly walked away.
To be able to be at the front of the queue, the Real God had also queued for a long time. In the end, he had only taken one step. No one would be in a good mood.
Luo Zheng fixed his gaze on the formation that was formed by the longswords on the ground. After looking at it for a while, he didn't notice anything special.
He knew that the Sword Tribe's Path Struggle was definitely related to the True Meaning of Path. However, he didn't comprehend any True Meaning of Path …
After the Real God left, another young man appeared in front of the queue.
The young man wore a long robe that was embroidered with purple and gold silk. There was also a beast badge that was fastened to his waist. He reckoned that it was the symbol of a big family.
He looked disdainful and waved at the three Real Gods in white robes. He then asked calmly, "Is it my turn?"
"Please!"
One of the Real Gods in white robes waved his hand.
The young man walked forward confidently. The moment he stepped into the formation, the longswords started buzzing again.
Most of the people who were confident had real abilities.
The young man's performance was much better than the previous Real God. After he took a step forward, he closed his eyes and walked back and forth in the formation as though he was taking a stroll in a courtyard.
"Buzz …"
He had only taken a few steps when one of the longswords floated up and flew toward the young man at a slow speed.
At that moment, Luo Zheng felt a unique conception from the longsword.
"The aura … has become stronger …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Ever since Luo Zheng had entered the non-attacking area, he had been suppressed by an irresistible aura.
According to Jing Wuhuan, the aura should be the True Meaning of Path that was given off by the skeleton on Ruo Mu.
If the Sword Tribe wanted to test it, they would make an issue out of the True Meaning of Path. However, Luo Zheng didn't see any clues previously.
After the sword floated up, Luo Zheng felt that the True Meaning of Path that was given off by the formation had become stronger. In the end, he was able to confirm it.
"This test … is to test one's understanding of the True Meaning of the Dao?" Luo Zheng's face revealed an astonished expression.
According to his knowledge, the True Dao Intent was absolutely not something that an ordinary True God could come into contact with. Even if it was a disciple of a wealthy family, the number of people who had the qualifications to come into contact with the True Dao Intent was extremely small.
However, hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Po 'er was slightly surprised. Her eyes lit up as she stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Brother Luo, have you heard of the True Meaning of Dao?"
In the Divine Domain, there were many people who studied Sanskrit. The reason was that Sanskrit was spread everywhere. Everyone hoped to find some clues from it and become rich overnight or be put in an important position.
However, most of the True Gods didn't know that the True Gods of the aristocratic families, and even the Sages, were most concerned about the few golden Sanskrit characters that recorded the true meaning of the Dao!
Ordinary True Gods simply didn't know what the True Meaning of Dao meant, much less the world beyond the end of the divine path. In the eyes of the True Gods, the so-called Dao Struggle had become a grand event about Sanskrit …
"En." Luo Zheng nodded in response.
Mo Po 'er blinked and then shook her head with a smile. "The True Meaning of Dao isn't something that these True Gods can understand. Our Sword Tribe only uses these' True Meaning Spirit Swords' to test the True Gods' compatibility with the True Meaning of Dao …"
"True Meaning Spirit Swords?" Luo Zheng looked at those swords, and his eyes flashed slightly. When one of the swords floated up, Luo Zheng gradually felt that it wasn't ordinary.
"En, these True Meaning Spirit Swords were once grandmist treasures." Mo Po 'er said, "However, after we forged these grandmist treasures, we didn't fully condense the grandmist dipper within them. Instead, we placed them in Ruo Mu's core and left them there for several divine epochs …"
True Meaning Spirit Swords weren't much of a secret in the Sword Tribe. After all, only the Sword Tribe had the method to create these spirit swords. Mo Po 'er didn't hide anything from Luo Zheng.
These True Meaning Spirit Swords would absorb the True Meaning of Dao emitted from the skeleton over the several divine epochs.
After being processed by the Sword Tribe's secret method, these True Meaning Spirit Swords would be able to sense the compatibility of normal martial artists …
As long as they could make three True Meaning Spirit Swords float up, they would be considered to have passed the formation and qualified to open the West Gate and climb to Ruo Mu.
"Therefore, those who can activate the True Meaning Spirit Swords don't mean that they have the ability to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao. They only have a certain compatibility." Mo Po 'er laughed. "As for testing their understanding of the True Meaning of Dao, haha, that's too difficult even for the disciples of the Noble Families. How can it be used on these True Gods?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He also realized this.
If any True God could comprehend the True Meaning of Dao, how difficult would it be to surpass the Divine Dao?
At this time, another True Meaning Spirit Sword floated up from the sword formation and stopped the youth with its tip.
"Two," Mo Po 'er said plainly. "This person seems to have the ability to climb Ruo Mu."
Just as Mo Po 'er predicted, two more True Meaning Spirit Swords floated up. The four True Meaning Spirit Swords circled around the youth and followed him all the way until he passed through the small path in the center of the formation. The four True Meaning Spirit Swords slowly returned to their positions.
"Wow!"
"Wang Family's Eldest Young Master passed!"
"I'm so envious, he can climb Ruo Mu!"
"Congratulations, congratulations …"
The young man turned his head. Although his eyes were filled with excitement, he did his best to restrain his joy. A faint smile appeared on the corner of his mouth. He then said, "Second brother, we agreed that if we pass, we will all be rewarded."
The True God at the front of the group turned out to be the young man's younger brother. Hearing his elder brother's words, the second brother smiled, turned around and said, "Elder brother said that everyone will be rewarded!" With that said, he slapped his waist and handfuls of shenwu coins were thrown towards the group!
"Wow! Wang Family is really rich! "
"So many Shenwu coins, hurry and snatch …"
"This is mine!"
The Wang Family's second young master took out handfuls of Shenwu coins and threw them out. Instantly, many True Gods snatched them up. In just a short while, he had already thrown out three to four hundred Shenwu coins.
"These two from Wang Family are really …" Mo Po 'er's face had a trace of disdain.
Ruo Mu Region's Wang Family was originally a top tier family. They relied on the sword race to be a tyrant.
These two young masters were of the Wang Family's direct line of descent. Naturally, they were rich.
The two brothers naturally wouldn't line up obediently. After spending some Shenwu coins, they naturally moved to the front of the line.
Now that their elder brother passed, they were throwing Shenwu coins to celebrate.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng only smiled and asked, "Four True Meaning Spirit Swords, what level is that?"
"What level? Barely passable, "Mo Po 'er said disdainfully." There are a total of 23 True Meaning Spirit Swords in this array. When I was 13, I could already activate six. This year, I can already activate nine … Follow me. "
Saying this, Mo Po 'er led Luo Zheng towards the formation.
After the Wang Family's second young master finished throwing out Shenwu coins, it was his turn to test.
"If Wang Family's second young master passes, we'll also throw out Shenwu coins to celebrate."
"Wang Family's second young master will definitely pass …"
After those True Gods tasted the sweetness, they all began to speak words of praise.
Wang Family's second young master laughed, "Of course."
But when he walked towards the formation, Mo Po 'er walked in front of him and said flatly, "There's an esteemed guest who wants to test first. You can wait at the back."
"Esteemed guest? What do you mean? "
Wang Family's second young master paused. He looked around and saw Luo Zheng behind Mo Po 'er. Naturally, he knew who the esteemed guest was.

Chapter 2005
Ruo Mu Region's Wang Family was considered a vassal of Sword Tribe.
As a first-tier family, Wang Family had a huge business and had a deep relationship with Sword Tribe for so many God Epochs.
Second Young Master saw that the young man from Sword Tribe cut the queue and his face turned ugly.
Not far away, Wang Family's Eldest Young Master said, "Isn't it inappropriate for Sword Tribe to do this?"
They saw Mo Po 'er's attire and knew that he was from Sword Tribe, but they didn't know Mo Po' er's real identity.
After all, Mo Po 'er had just become the acting City Master and not many people knew about it.
"Eldest Young Master is right!"
"Although this Dao Battle is held by Sword Tribe, we have to be fair!"
"I've been queuing here for one and a half years. Why should that young man go up?"
The Real Gods in the queue started to make a ruckus.
Mo Po 'er laughed coldly, "Why is it inappropriate? As the City Master of Sword God City, I have priority. If the two of you aren't happy, you can ask your elders to complain."
"City Master?"
"Isn't the City Master of Sword God City Mo Yin?"
Wang Family's Eldest Young Master and Second Young Master raised their eyebrows and looked surprised.
"He's the City Master of Sword God City!"
"He's so young and he can manage a God City …"
The Real Gods who were queuing up looked surprised. Some Real Gods even quickly covered their mouths and sneaked into the queue. They were afraid that the young City Master would remember them.
Seeing that the Real Gods didn't make a sound, Mo Po 'er snorted and waved at the three Real Gods in white robes guarding the array.
After the three Real Gods in white robes nodded, Mo Po 'er turned back and smiled at Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo, it's your turn!"
"Alright."
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he walked towards the formation.
The arrangement of this array was very ingenious. At the very least, Luo Zheng could only feel a trace of power when the True Intent Spirit Sword floated up.
But now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the array, the situation was naturally different.
"Huff huff …"
An illusion enveloped him and Luo Zheng couldn't help but close his eyes.
As the circular sword formation changed in an instant, a thin and long path appeared in front of him, and on both sides of the path, there were countless long swords.
"So many swords?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and then he walked along the slender path.
He had only taken two steps …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The long swords on both sides of the road shot towards him.
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng looked surprised. His figure flashed back and forth on this path, trying to avoid these long swords.
Despite Luo Zheng's extraordinary movements, the number of swords was like a swarm of locusts. It was almost impossible to avoid all of them …
"Pfff! Pfff!"
Some of the swords pierced Luo Zheng's body, and his body was immediately pierced through.
However, this was ultimately an illusory world. After his body was pierced, it rapidly recovered. However, the pain was incomparably real, causing him to involuntarily grimace in pain.
Outside the array.
When the two young masters of the Wang Family saw Luo Zheng closing his eyes and an expression of pain on his face, they both looked like they were taking pleasure in his misfortune.
"Haha, what an esteemed guest. He can't even find the first sword of true intent. What a piece of trash!"
"This kind of person isn't even fit to carry my shoes. City Lord Mo, you really have good taste!"
The two young masters mocked.
Mo Po 'er's face was calm.
He didn't tell them the method to pass through this array in advance, and didn't even reveal the simple rules. Naturally, he couldn't be as familiar as the eldest young master of the Wang Family, who immediately grabbed four swords of true intent.
Mo Po 'er did this because he wanted to see Luo Zheng's true potential.
If Luo Zheng really couldn't even pass this stage, or if it was extremely difficult and he barely passed, he wouldn't need to waste his energy on Luo Zheng.
In the illusion, Luo Zheng's body was still pierced by those long swords.
"The first True God's face is full of pain, and his body is trembling because he can't avoid these long swords …"
"These long swords are so dense that even I can't avoid them. That young master of the Wang Family shouldn't be able to avoid them either. There must be a trick …"
Luo Zheng pondered.
Actually, Luo Zheng had confidence in dodging by using the Dao of Nature and Eight Turns Flying Smoke. However, at this stage, Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't do so.
"The young master of the Wang Family levitated a sword …"
"So many long swords are exactly the same …"
"Mo Po 'er said that the true intent of Dao contained in the sword of true intent is slightly stronger than the true intent of Dao shrouded in a non-offensive area."
"I understand. That kid is testing me."
Luo Zheng's eyes were blazing.
He didn't dodge these long swords anymore. Instead, he felt the dense swords.
Although it was painful to be pierced by these long swords, it wasn't unbearable!
After being pierced by dozens of swords, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. "It's you!"
"Shua!"
Then, Luo Zheng's hand reached out in an instant and grabbed one of the countless long swords!
This was the sword of true intent hidden within!
At the same time …
One of the twenty-three sword of true intent in the array suddenly buzzed and floated up. The tip of the sword pointed at Luo Zheng and began to spin slowly.
"Since you've caught the first one, you already know the principle. The rest should be fast, right?" Mo Po 'er smiled slightly.
"It's just the first one. It's too ordinary."
"So slow. I've already caught the third sword of true intent. Hehe."
The two young masters of the Wang Family continued to mock him coldly.
Naturally, they didn't know that Luo Zheng hadn't even understood the basic rules before being sent into the array by Mo Po 'er.
After catching the first sword of true intent, all the long swords on this path instantly disappeared.
"So it's like that …"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile as he grabbed the sword of true intent and walked forward.
Actually, the principle of the array used by the Sword Tribe wasn't difficult. It was to create countless illusory long swords. These long swords all contained the same True Intent of Dao. It all came from the aura of a non-attacking place.
However, there were twenty-three sword of true intent. Because they had been sent into Ruo Mu's core to absorb, they contained a little more True Intent of Dao.
If someone was sensitive to True Intent of Dao, they would be able to identify these twenty-three real swords from the dense long swords!
"Eh …"
However, after Luo Zheng caught the sword of true intent, he felt that something was amiss.
The True Meaning Spirit Sword in Luo Zheng's hand didn't calm down. Instead, it continued to hum. The amplitude of the hum wasn't small, and there was even a faint whine. As it continued to whine, it wanted to break free from Luo Zheng's hand and fly away.
Luo Zheng noticed this. Mo Po 'er, the three white-robed true gods, and the two Wang brothers also noticed this.
"What's wrong with this sword of true intent?"
"It seems like it's trying to break free from Luo Zheng's hand!"
"Something like this has never happened before!"
Mo Po 'er frowned. She couldn't understand why the sword of true intent that was circling Luo Zheng seemed to be resisting Luo Zheng.
"Troublesome!"
Luo Zheng grabbed the sword of true intent in his hand tightly. He didn't give it any chance to escape and continued forward!
Before he could even take a few steps, even more true meaning spirit swords shot towards him.
This time, Luo Zheng learned his lesson. He lowered his body and flashed away. With his keen perception, he was able to distinguish the subtle differences between these long swords. Then, his hand reached out like lightning. Without any suspense, the second sword was caught in his hand. The densely packed long swords once again disappeared without a trace.
However, the second sword of true intent was exactly the same as the first one. It still wanted to break free from Luo Zheng's hand.
Why would Luo Zheng care about this?
He clamped the sword of true intent under his armpit and rushed forward again.

Chapter 2006
Mo Po 'er had said that if one caught three true meaning spirit swords, they would pass the test.
That was why there was a fork in the road …
After the Wang Family Young Master caught four true meaning spirit swords, he probably knew that he would not be able to catch the fifth, so he took the initiative to leave.
"Should I go out?"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a while. He did not need to prove himself here.
Although Mo Po 'er did not say it explicitly, this test could determine how far he could go on Ruo Mu.
Luo Yan's figure appeared in his mind.
If Yu Taibai brought her into a non-attacking area, would she enter the core of Ruo Mu like those rich people, or would she climb up step by step through the God City?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly and continued walking down the road.
He had just taken a step when more swords rose from the ground on both sides of the road, piercing towards him.
Luo Zheng's expression was very calm …
"Pu pu pu!"
A few more swords pierced through him.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. The further he walked on the road, the more intense the pain from the swords seemed to be.
This meant that the road ahead would become more and more difficult.
This pain was unstoppable. It directly affected his soul through the power of the array.
However, after being pierced a few times, Luo Zheng tilted his body slightly and locked onto a longsword from the corner of his eye. With a light brush of his hand, he easily grabbed a True Meaning spirit sword from among the swords …
"The fourth sword is already so painful. Mo Po 'er is only a middle true god. He actually managed to get nine true meaning spirit swords …"
Luo Zheng looked at the road that stretched into the distance. The two sides of the road were densely packed with swords. He could imagine that if he charged forward blindly, even if his ability to endure pain was very strong, he would not be able to take it in the end …
Outside the array …
"The fourth sword." Mo Po 'er looked at Luo Zheng in the array with a smile on his face.
He purposely did not explain the rules so clearly. He did not even give Luo Zheng a chance to interact with others, so he would not be able to understand the rules …
Actually …
The result of getting three swords was the same as getting 23 swords.
This was just a simple test, the first round of screening. The goal was to keep most of the random Real Gods away from Ruo Mu.
If Luo Zheng knew about this in advance, he would most likely have left the array on the third sword.
"You should be someone who likes challenges. But if you keep holding your sword like this, you won't last long," Mo Po 'er said in a low voice, staring at Luo Zheng. She had some expectations for Luo Zheng.
The two young masters of the Wang Clan looked at the four true intent spirit swords floating around Luo Zheng, and their expressions turned ugly.
"It's only four swords. With such a slow speed, it's not even worth mentioning," the second young master of the Wang Clan said coldly.
Although Luo Zheng's speed was slow, he didn't choose to give up …
Everyone watched as Luo Zheng paused for a while. Suddenly, he took a step forward and then took a step back.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng grabbed one of the True Meaning Spirit Swords in the array.
"The fifth one!"
The three Real Gods in white robes who were in charge of the array were stunned. They looked at Mo Po 'er, who was not far away.
"He found out. I didn't teach him," Mo Po 'er hinted. She looked excited, "What a sharp guy."
Others didn't know, but Mo Po 'er was the clearest.
If one were to hold on to those long swords in order to grab one true intent spirit sword, by the time one grabbed the sixth or even the seventh true intent spirit sword, one's soul wouldn't be able to withstand the pain. In the end, one would be like the first Real God who failed. He would be kicked out of the array because he fainted.
In order to grab more true intent spirit swords, one had to figure out the technique.
Mo Po 'er had practiced in the array many times before she gradually figured it out. But in such a short time, Luo Zheng seemed to have mastered it.
In the array …
Luo Zheng's figure dashed forward at high speed.
After observing for a while, he realized that there was a "gap" in the path. In other words, there was a blind spot between the fourth and fifth sword.
The blind spot was very narrow. But if one were to stand in the blind spot, the long swords on both sides of the path wouldn't be able to touch Luo Zheng …
So, after he rushed into the area where the fifth sword was, he didn't stop. Instead, he ran on the path and hid in the blind spot between the sixth and fifth sword. After observing for a while in the blind spot, he quickly locked onto the True Meaning Spirit Sword. Then, he found a way to return among the flying long swords. At the same time, he grabbed the fifth true intent spirit sword from the rain of swords!
He went back and forth on the path. The people outside the array looked at him. He only took two steps forward and one step back, and he got a true intent spirit sword.
"Again!"
After figuring out the trick, Luo Zheng didn't have any more scruples …
So, the many True Gods outside the array saw Luo Zheng take two steps forward and one step back. Then, a true intent spirit sword flew up with a buzzing sound.
The speed was so fast that it made people dumbfounded.
Seven swords …
Eight swords …
Nine swords …
…
…
The three white-robed True Gods in charge of the array had to test thousands of True Gods every day.
With such a large number, there would always be many outstanding people. They were already numb to it.
But the more true intent spirit swords most True Gods got, the slower their speed would be.
This guy's speed didn't decrease but increased instead. It was really too abnormal …
Most importantly, these true intent spirit swords didn't follow Luo Zheng obediently in the illusion. Instead, they were under Luo Zheng's armpits and wanted to break free at any time!
"Why do these true intent spirit swords repel this person?"
"It shouldn't be. These true intent spirit swords don't have their own consciousness. They just contain a bit more True Meaning of Dao compared to ordinary treasures."
"Could it be that the True Meaning of Dao repel each other … In other words, this person has cultivated other True Meaning of Dao mental cultivation techniques? I've heard of such a phenomenon … "
One of the white-robed True Gods came to this conclusion.
"Impossible. You think too highly of him." The other white-robed True God didn't hesitate at all and immediately denied it. "To be able to cause the true intent spirit swords to repel him, unless this boy has cultivated another True Meaning mental cultivation technique to an extremely high level, how else could he repel them?"
How few True Gods in the Divine Territory had the qualifications to cultivate True Meaning of Dao?
There were indeed some grass-roots True Gods who, by chance and coincidence, had indeed cultivated the True Meaning mental cultivation method, but those were usually just a few words. True Gods who had cultivated the True Meaning of Dao to a certain level were not commonly seen even among the wealthy families.
"Then I can't figure it out either …" The other white-robed True God stared at the array. "It's already the fourteenth true intent spirit sword! Hehe, the City Lord must be overjoyed. "

Chapter 2007
Mo Po 'er's expression was very interesting.
Ever since Luo Zheng entered the city, Mo Po 'er had sensed that Luo Zheng's background was not ordinary.
However, he did not expect Luo Zheng to obtain 14 true meaning spirit swords so easily.
He was very clear about the array formed by the true meaning spirit swords.
It was actually very easy to obtain the first three true meaning spirit swords. However, the fourth to ninth true meaning spirit swords were more difficult.
The difficulty of obtaining the tenth to seventeenth true meaning spirit swords would increase by another level!
Mo Po 'er had tried it once before. When he was about to obtain the tenth true meaning spirit sword, he was hit by three swords. Instantly, his vision turned black and he was kicked out of the array …
Therefore, his limit was also only snatching away nine true intent spirit swords.
Now, Luo Zheng had obtained 14 swords. It seemed that obtaining 17 swords should not be a problem.
In the 87 god cities under the Wood Region, there were very few true gods who could obtain 17 true meaning spirit swords.
This guy … might be able to obtain a spot to participate in the Dao Battle!
If he really participated in the Dao Battle, hehe, not only would he secure the position of city lord, he would also have to extort Uncle Yun.
Just as he was dreaming, the white-clothed Mo Dian walked over. "How is it?"
Mo Dian was busy with some personal matters today and came late. Naturally, he was also curious about the performance of the young true god yesterday.
"See for yourself." Mo Po 'er smiled and pointed at the array.
Mo Dian knew that this Luo Zheng's performance should not be bad. At least, it should not be a problem for him to pass through the array's selection. If even Ruo Mu did not have the right to go up, then he was really wrong.
However, when he glanced over, his expression froze.
He saw Luo Zheng casually floating a true meaning spirit sword in front of him and behind him. Beside Luo Zheng, those true meaning spirit swords were already neatly arranged in a fan shape, circling around Luo Zheng non-stop.
"So many!" After being stunned for a while, Mo Dian exclaimed. Then, he counted, "One, two, three …"
"15 swords, no need to count. Also, this guy seems to be doing it with ease," Mo Po 'er continued.
"With ease? Doesn't that mean … this fellow will be able to obtain seventeen?" Mo Dian asked.
Mo Po 'er had a blissful smile on her face. "I think so. Seventeen is his limit."
"Haha," Mo Dian laughed dryly. He did not expect this to happen. He originally thought that this young man would be like Mo Po 'er, and it would be good if he could get the ninth sword. He did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to do this.
"But what's up with these True Meaning Spirit Swords? Why are they humming non-stop?" Mo Dian stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Mo Po 'er shrugged. "Who knows … Who knows what method that brat used?"
As they discussed, Luo Zheng's figure moved forward and backward. Suddenly, two more Sword of Trueness floated up.
Seventeen!
The group of Real Gods who were queuing not far away suddenly burst into cries of surprise.
"I really couldn't tell that this lower True God looks ordinary, but he's actually so formidable. In this short while, he actually seized 17 true intent spirit swords!"
"He's too strong. He's probably qualified to participate in the Dao Contest?"
"I've heard that there are less than 200 Real Gods in the 87 cities of the Sword race who can seize 17 swords. Out of these 200 Real Gods, about 50 of them are qualified to participate in the Dao Contest and compete with those from the wealthy families. This person … has a one in four chance!"
To many Real Gods, the probability of actually participating in the Dao Contest was too low. Most of them were just here to try their luck, exchange Sanskrit, or enter the Ruo Mu to experience. It was also very beneficial.
Seeing Luo Zheng's performance, these Real Gods were naturally very envious.
As for the two brothers from the Wang Family, they went from disdain to contempt, to respect, to shock, and now, they were silent …
This person that the City Lord had brought was not on the same level as them.
"Seventeen swords is his limit," Mo Po 'er said with a smile. She looked as if she had already expected this.
Mo Dian stroked the beard on his chin and laughed. "I think that this brat might be able to reach a higher level? Seize all the True Meaning Spirit Swords? "
Mo Po 'er glanced at Mo Dian, then said lightly, "Elder Dian, are you still asleep? It's not like you don't know about this damned array. After seventeen swords, the swords on that path are mixed with Crimson Fire Thunder. Although this thing can't cause any damage to the soul, the pain is unbearable even for a Perfect Perfection … "
"I'm just joking, haha." Mo Dian laughed dryly.
In the history of this Sword God City, there were three Real Gods who had seized more than seventeen swords.
Two of them had seized eighteen swords, while the other had seized twenty.
The Real God who had seized twenty swords was originally from the Sword race. It was said that he had grown up outside the race. After returning to the race, he suddenly soared to the sky. That person from the Sword race had already cultivated to Perfect Perfection!
As for those who had seized twenty-three swords, not a single one had appeared.
"Brother Luo, you don't want to give up. If you continue to seize the eighteenth sword, I'm afraid you'll suffer," Mo Po 'er said with a smile.
After this conversation …
Luo Zheng charged forward again.
When he was halfway through this path, he already felt that something was amiss.
The rain of swords on both sides of this path contained traces of crimson lightning, and the speed of these swords actually increased.
"Pu!"
Before he could charge into the first blind spot, he was struck by a Sword of True Intent.
"Pipa!"
The moment the sword pierced through, Luo Zheng felt an unbearable pain in his soul. In that instant, he felt as if his head was going to explode. That pain seemed to reach the depths of his soul, and he couldn't resist it at all.
In front of this pain, his strong willpower seemed to become a joke.
Even so, Luo Zheng still endured the intense pain and escaped into the blind spot, his body trembling uncontrollably.
"What the hell …"
After confirming that his soul wasn't harmed, Luo Zheng looked at those red swords and couldn't help but cry out.
Outside the formation, Mo Po 'er and Mo Dian looked at the trembling Luo Zheng and smiled as if they had already expected this.
After a while, that soul-piercing pain slowly disappeared. When he looked at those Sword of True Intent again, his gaze became serious.
He originally wanted to take all the Sword of True Intent in one go, but now he understood that this wasn't an easy task.
If he had been pierced through three times by those red swords, he was afraid that he would have fainted straight away …
"Give up?"
Luo Zheng also knew that he had already done enough. He had already far exceeded the requirements of climbing up to Ruo Mu.

Chapter 2008
With Luo Zheng's current speed, it was impossible for him to completely avoid this rain of swords.
If he used the imperial jade seal, it wouldn't be too much of a problem. After all, he would be invincible while the swarm of insects were devouring him.
But he naturally didn't want to use it casually.
The other thing he could rely on was the True Intent of Nature.
Originally, he didn't want to use the True Intent of Dao now.
But since he had already reached this step, he didn't plan on giving up.
With that thought, Luo Zheng started to gather his strength. At the same time, a tiny wisp of the True Intent of Dao started to slowly revolve around his body …
The True Intent of Dao wasn't a cultivation technique. It was just a kind of deep understanding of the Dao.
When this deep understanding was combined with other cultivation techniques, it would naturally produce miraculous effects.
Luo Zheng had already tested this point.
"Eight Twists Flying Smoke!"
After gathering his True Intent of Dao, Luo Zheng's figure flew backwards.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have become a person without bones. His entire body was like a slow-moving liquid!
No matter how dense and fast those flying swords were, they were ultimately not a wall.
Luo Zheng used a very strange posture to directly pass through the rain of swords.
If someone stood within the formation at the same time, they would be able to see that Luo Zheng's body was twisting like a fried dough twist. It was completely out of shape …
But from outside the formation, there didn't seem to be anything strange.
"It's you!"
Luo Zheng revealed a trace of a smile on his face. He recognized that true intent spirit sword from the rain of swords. With a light tug, he plucked it out.
Luo Zheng, who had simply let go, no longer had any misgivings.
He didn't even look for blind spots to avoid the sword rain. After fusing the Dao of Nature with Eight Twists Flying Smoke, he was like a fish in the water, shuttling through the sword rain without fear. His speed of snatching swords was more than ten times faster.
Mo Po 'er and Mo Dian were certain that Luo Zheng would stop at seventeen true intent spirit swords. They were prepared to see Luo Zheng suffer a little.
He just waited and waited …
Then, they saw a strange fluctuation coming from Luo Zheng's body. Before they could figure out what this fluctuation was, Luo Zheng immediately took a step back. The remaining true meaning spirit swords on the ground buzzed and floated up.
"This, this, this … the eighteenth round, did he rely on his own willpower?" Mo Po 'er stuttered.
Mo Dian wanted to agree with Mo Po 'er, but before he could say anything …
The nineteenth true meaning sword flew into the air.
"This …" Mo Po 'er was about to speak again.
The twentieth True Intent Spirit Sword floated up once more.
At this moment, Mo Po 'er was silent.
Mo Dian also looked at Luo Zheng with a solemn expression, a trace of hope in his eyes.
He had previously said that Luo Zheng might be able to obtain twenty-three swords, but that was just a joke. This kid couldn't be serious, right?
The three Real Gods in white robes who were in charge of the formation also opened their eyes wide. Looking at the strange scene in front of them, they were completely speechless. They could only look on helplessly as the Spiritual Swords of True Meaning flew up one after another!
The originally noisy west gate was now completely silent.
Many people stared at this scene, unable to take their eyes off it. They understood that they were probably witnessing a miracle.
The twenty-first …
The twenty-second …
The twenty-third …
"Weng weng weng weng weng …"
Looking at those true meaning spirit swords, Mo Po 'er suddenly felt that something was wrong.
It was as if after Luo Zheng obtained the eighteenth true meaning spirit sword, the frequency of these true meaning spirit swords vibrated greatly, as if they were desperately trying to escape from Luo Zheng's hands. It was only because Luo Zheng held them tightly that they helplessly floated around Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng obtained the twenty-third true meaning spirit sword, he had already reached the end of this path.
Hugging a thick bundle of swords, Luo Zheng wore a smile on his face as he stepped out of this path!
The moment he stepped out of this path, the true meaning spirit swords on his body disappeared.
These true meaning spirit swords were just illusions. The true meaning spirit swords were actually revolving around Luo Zheng …
But after those illusionary true meaning spirit swords disappeared, it was equivalent to breaking free from Luo Zheng's shackles!
The true meaning spirit swords that were revolving around Luo Zheng were anxious to break free from Luo Zheng. Hence, at this moment …
"Everyone get down! It's dangerous! "
Before those true meaning spirit swords scattered in all directions, Mo Po 'er roared loudly.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
The twenty-three true meaning spirit swords that were originally revolving around Luo Zheng shot out in all directions.
These true meaning spirit swords were originally graded grandmist treasures. Eighty-seven divine cities, a total of two thousand and one true meaning spirit swords. They could form the Sword Race's Echo Sword Formation, which was also an extremely powerful sword formation.
Only during the Dao Battle would the Sword Race send three white-robed experts to set up a temporary formation to select True Gods.
These true meaning spirit swords shot out, regardless of whether it was speed or power, they were not weak …
Luckily, Mo Po 'er sensed that something was wrong and gave a warning in advance.
Most of the True Gods lowered their bodies, and some True Gods even rolled on the ground.
Even the three white-robed True Gods who were controlling the formation did not care. Luckily, they were originally in a sitting position and could lie on the ground.
"Du du du …"
Those true meaning spirit swords scattered in all directions, and most of them were nailed into the buildings on both sides of the street.
"Weng —"
One of the true meaning spirit swords was nailed into the thick wooden door of the West Gate, and the body of the sword was still shaking non-stop.
"Ah …"
Accompanied by a few screams, two True Gods were still shot.
One of them was the Wang Family's Eldest Young Master who was closest to Luo Zheng …
Mo Po 'er, who had lowered her body, took a look, and was slightly relieved. The two true meaning spirit swords did not hit any vital parts.
Just as she heaved a sigh of relief, she saw the Wang Family's Eldest Young Master rolling around on the ground, his entire body curled into a ball as he screamed crazily. His face was twisted into a ball, and he looked abnormally terrifying!
"Big Brother!" Second Young Master Wang did not expect his brother to be in so much pain. He hurriedly rushed over, and he glared fiercely at Luo Zheng before helping his brother up from the ground.
"It's the Crimson Fire Grenade …" Mo Po 'er's face revealed a helpless expression.
From the eighteenth to the twenty-third sword, these six true meaning spirit swords had been infused with the Crimson Fire Grenade. The purpose was naturally to maintain the same image as the illusion swords in the formation. It was fine to touch the swords in the formation, but now that the Wang Family's Eldest Young Master was stabbed, the Crimson Fire Grenade was released.
When the Crimson Fire Grenade entered his body, Eldest Young Master Wang was going to suffer.
As for Luo Zheng.
He stood at the edge of the formation in a daze.
The moment he came out, he saw the true meaning spirit swords shoot out, and he did not react in time.

Chapter 2009
That Wang Family's eldest young master twitched on the ground for a while before he recovered.
Luckily, the crimson fire lightning didn't do much damage to him, but the pain was enough for him to remember for the rest of his life.
Second Young Master Wang's anger burned even brighter. They were a first-tier family in the Ruomu region after all. When had they ever suffered a loss?
He wanted to argue with Luo Zheng but was stopped by Mo Po 'er.
"Blame this on my Mingsword God City. If you want to blame someone, you can only blame this formation for being careless," Mo Po 'er said lightly.
Facing this acting City Lord, Second Young Master Wang was very helpless. He could only glare at Luo Zheng hatefully before turning his head away.
After sending the two Wang Family's young masters away, Mo Po 'er smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Congratulations, you are the first true god in the history of Mingsword God City to obtain all the swords."
"Is there a reward?" Luo Zheng stared at Mo Po 'er and asked.
"Hehe," Mo Po 'er's face revealed a smug expression. "Of course there is no reward, but this means that you can go further than Ruo Mu! However … I will send a letter up and list me as your referral. I believe the elders of the Sword race will pay extra attention to you … "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng wasn't disappointed.
In his environment, he had to grab every opportunity.
"Then can I get close to Ruo Mu now?" Luo Zheng looked at the west gate not far away.
Mo Po 'er opened up a path and extended her arms. "Please!"
"Rumble …"
One of the white robed true gods opened a crack in the west gate.
Luo Zheng nodded at Mo Po 'er and Mo Dian before walking towards the west gate …
"City Lord, why don't you investigate his background and identity?" Mo Dian looked at Luo Zheng's disappearing figure in confusion.
Mo Po 'er smiled and said, "This kind of person is destined to have an extraordinary background. I bet he is most likely a direct descendant of a saint, or at least … a secondary saint's descendant."
"A descendant of a saint or secondary saint." Elder Dian didn't understand. "If that's the case, why didn't he just come through the floating island? Using our floating island will save us a lot of trouble … "
"It's hard to say." Mo Po 'er shook her head and speculated. "Not all the Saints are on the floating island. Perhaps he has his own difficulties. When the selection is over, I will naturally go and take a look."
After passing through the gate of the Famous Sword God City.
A wide coastline appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Some unknown seabirds were resting on the beach. Probably because they lacked natural predators, they didn't hide when they saw Luo Zheng.
A tendril thousands of feet wide extended all the way to the seaside. This tendril was like the claws and teeth of a giant beast. It was like a path leading to the sky.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng strolled towards the rhizome.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped on this root, he felt an extremely strong life aura. This aura could almost contain all living things, and even infect all living things on the tree.
This root was hundreds of thousands of miles long, and one couldn't see the end of it.
"I need to speed up …"
Then, he sped up and ran forward.
When Luo Zheng came into contact with the huge Ruo Mu, a gentle rhythm was transmitted to him from under his feet.
This trace of rhythm continued to move forward and forward, as if it was a meridian in the human body. It extended towards one of Ruo Mu's branches. After making a turn in this branch, this trace of rhythm converged on Ruo Mu's secondary trunk.
It continued to extend along the secondary trunk and finally reached the main trunk of the Ruo Mu!
In a breath's time, this rhythm extended for a distance of 70 million miles …
And in the center of the Ruo Mu's main trunk, there was a tree hole thousands of feet wide. In the depths of this tree hole, a skeleton sat holding a gray longsword.
The moment that rhythm was transmitted, a faint light suddenly appeared in the skeleton's empty eye sockets.
This light only existed for an instant before it disappeared ….
…
…
North of Famed Sword God City, 130,000 miles away, in Swordforge God City.
In front of the array used to filter True Gods, True Gods were also lined up in a long line. And because Swordforge God City's location was convenient, there were naturally more True Gods here!
Today, most of the True Gods had a trace of reverence on their faces.
The one taking the test in the array was a young girl in purple clothes.
This young girl stood on her tiptoes, and with an incomparably graceful gait, she slowly walked forward in the array. Beside her, there were already 16 True Meaning spirit swords floating!
The young girl's performance was indeed very dazzling, especially with her beautiful figure and face. Any True God couldn't help but take a few more glances.
But these True Gods weren't in awe of her, but rather the youth standing beside the array.
"A grand Perfection True God is actually bringing someone to take the test. How unreasonable!"
"That little girl is also amazing. In just a short while, she picked up 16 True Meaning spirit swords!"
"Shh … do you know who he is?"
"It's said that he's the master of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Yu Taibai!"
Yu Taibai looked indifferently at Luo Yan in the array, and a trace of emotion appeared in his heart.
In just a few years, she had already been reborn, and her performance had greatly exceeded his expectations.
In a short while, Luo Yan picked up 17 True Meaning spirit swords.
That incomparably beautiful face had a leisurely smile as she walked out of the array.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The 17 True Meaning spirit swords surrounding her slowly returned to their original positions.
"I passed!"
With a relaxed expression, Luo Yan skipped over to Yu Taibai.
"Do you still have energy left?" Yu Taibai asked with a smile.
Luo Yan tilted her head and thought for a moment, then curled her lips and said, "En, I should be able to get all of the remaining swords, but I'll have to suffer a bit …"
Hearing this, the True Gods who were still in line were instantly speechless.
Yu Taibai only smiled. He knew that Luo Yan was speaking the truth.
"Eldest Senior Brother, you promised that Big Brother would definitely come!" Luo Yan stared at Yu Taibai and said seriously.
Yu Taibai turned his head and looked at the slowly opening door. Ruo Mu's enormous roots appeared in front of him. "He'll definitely come. Who knows, maybe he's already climbed up Ruo Mu …"
"Then let's go quickly!"
Luo Yan, like a nimble little rabbit, rushed out of the door without consulting anyone.
Yu Taibai's face revealed a trace of worry.
Luo Zheng's absence at Buzhou Spirit Mountain had disrupted Yu Taibai's plans.
Luo Zheng hadn't been able to comprehend the things his master had left behind. Now, all the pressure fell on Luo Yan.
This was like playing chess. Sometimes, one wrong move would lead to many wrong moves. Especially since his master's situation wasn't optimistic, there was no room for any mistakes.
Even if Yu Taibai could calculate all things using the Great Yan Divine Dao, he wouldn't be able to find any clues.

Chapter 2010
Luo Zheng ran on the rhizome for an unknown number of miles.
On both sides of the rhizome was the vast ocean. Sometimes, he could see the faint shadows of other rhizome.
As he went deeper, the surrounding scenery became more and more desolate …
Along the way, he would occasionally meet other Real Gods. They would look at each other and then maintain a hurried pace as they flew along the rhizome.
Seven days later …
The rhizome that was about ten thousand feet wide under his feet converged to an even wider branch.
After reaching the main branch, the number of people from the Sword Tribe gradually increased.
Every few hundred miles, Luo Zheng would meet one or two Real Gods from the Sword Tribe.
These Real Gods from the Sword Tribe sat at the edge of the branch and stabbed their swords into the branch. They closed their eyes and looked as though they were enlightened.
"Is this the unique cultivation method of the Sword Tribe?"
As Luo Zheng ran, he sized up these Real Gods from the Sword Tribe.
They were all in a meditative state and did not pay attention to their surroundings. No one paid attention to Luo Zheng …
He continued to travel for another four days.
Luo Zheng saw an even wider secondary branch.
"No wonder this non-attacking place is called the Ruo Mu Region. Just this Ruo Mu alone is so huge that it is boundless. I have been running at this speed for more than ten days and I still haven't reached the main branch …"
This time, the length of the main branch was even more terrifying. As he continued to fly, he spent almost half a month's time.
One month later.
Luo Zheng finally reached the end of the secondary branch. What appeared in front of him was a brown plain …
On the brown plain, there were countless sword-shaped buildings. As far as the eye could see, it was still boundless.
"How huge is this Ruo Mu …"
Luo Zheng felt that his imagination wasn't enough for him.
He ran for more than a month before he reached the main branch of the Ruo Mu. Looking at the main branch now, it was boundless and its size was beyond imagination.
Not far ahead, there were two people from the Sword Tribe in white robes. These two people from the Sword Tribe were upper-level Real Gods.
Some Real Gods were queuing up to receive something from these two people from the Sword Tribe.
Just like Luo Zheng, these True Gods had spent more than a month to get here after passing the first round of screening.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng silently followed behind these True Gods.
After a while, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
One of the members of the Sword Clan sized up Luo Zheng. Then, he took out a yellow longsword and handed it to Luo Zheng. "Those who enter our Sword Realm must always hold this token. If you throw it away or leave your body, the Sword Realm will sense it and expel you immediately. Remember this!"
This place was the core of the Sword Race, and the True Gods that participated in the Dao Struggle came from all over the Divine Region. There were all sorts of people, and the Sword Race was naturally much stricter.
After Luo Zheng received the token, the man from the Sword Tribe pointed at a spacious building in the distance and said, "Gather your group of True Gods there and wait for our Sword Tribe to receive you."
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he walked towards the spacious building. As he walked, he scrutinized it.
There wasn't any information recorded on the token. There was only a simple number. The number he received was 9400.
"There are less than ten thousand True Gods that passed the first round of screening?"
In Luo Zheng's mind, the famous long queues in Sword God City appeared.
As long as one could obtain three Sword of True Intent, they would pass. He didn't expect the probability of passing to be so low.
However, he had left the Sword God City for more than a month. He guessed that more True Gods had passed the first round of screening and were still traveling day and night on the tree branches.
Luo Zheng held the token and entered the spacious building. He saw many True Gods sitting or standing in the hall.
The moment he stepped in, these True Gods' gazes swept past Luo Zheng.
To be able to reach this step, there was simply no lower True Divinity.
Although the first round of screening had nothing to do with cultivation, the stronger one's talent, the sharper one's senses, and the higher the chance of passing.
In this room, ninety percent of the people had the cultivation of an Upper True God.
Hence, when they looked at Luo Zheng, they were more or less surprised.
Luo Zheng knew what these people were thinking. He met their gazes and found a corner in the hall. Then, he leaned against it and waited quietly.
Just as he stood still, a voice came from beside him. "Hey, kid! How did you pass the first round of screening? "
The person who spoke was a dark-skinned man with a black face. This man squinted his eyes and looked at Luo Zheng with interest. He was also interested in the only Lower True God.
"Luck," Luo Zheng replied briefly.
"Hehe, I'm afraid it's not as simple as luck, right?" The dark-skinned man laughed. "Tell me, how many swords did you obtain?"
"I can't tell you," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Hearing Luo Zheng's stiff tone, the dark-skinned man looked unhappy. His face darkened and he said, "In the first round of screening, ninety-nine percent of the people can be eliminated. In the second round, ninety-nine percent will be eliminated. You may be lucky once, but I'm afraid you won't be lucky twice. If you really pass by luck, I'm afraid you'll be the first to be eliminated!"
Luo Zheng shrugged and didn't say anything else.
For ten to ten hours, the people from Sword Tribe didn't arrive.
Luckily, these True Gods were very calm. Occasionally, they would hear some whispers. Most of them closed their eyes and ignored everything that was happening around them.
Outside the hall, True Gods who had received their tokens gathered one after another.
Although the hall was spacious, after thousands of people had gathered, the space seemed to be cramped.
About twenty hours later, on the other side of the hall, an elder in a white robe finally appeared.
The moment the elder in a white robe appeared, he attracted everyone's attention.
"Great Perfection!"
"It's a Great Perfection True God from Sword Tribe!"
"…"
There were very few Great Perfection True Gods in the Divine Territory.
Even among the first-tier families, there weren't many who had Great Perfection True Gods.
However, Sword Tribe was ranked second among the wealthy families in the Divine Territory. It wasn't strange for a Great Perfection True God to appear in Ruomu Region.
"Thank you, everyone, for coming to Ruomu Region from thousands of miles away. Sorry for making everyone wait," the elder said with cupped hands.
This Great Perfection True God was very polite, but it made the group of True Gods feel awkward.
"To be able to pass the first round of screening, you can say that you're very sensitive to True Intent Spirit Swords." The elder continued, "However, the quota for Sword Tribe is too limited. Therefore, according to tradition, we must hold a second round of screening! If anyone of you can pass the second round of screening, then you'll be indispensable in this round's Dao Battle! "
Hearing the elder's words, the True Gods' eyes instantly lit up.
Most of these True Gods were elites from first-tier and second-tier families …
If they participated in the Dao Battle, they would be able to compete with those elites from wealthy families. They might even be able to comprehend their own True Intent of Dao!

Chapter 2011
There were very few True Gods who had seen the True Intent of Dao in the Divine Territory.
However, there were many legends regarding the True Intent of Dao!
Especially the True Gods who came to participate in the Dao Battle and passed the first round of selection. They were even more fascinated by it.
These True Gods were originally extremely talented people. However, due to various reasons, their cultivation had been stuck at the True God Realm.
Even for a wealthy family, it was extremely difficult to nurture a Paragon. It required a large amount of resources. If they did not have other opportunities, they would probably never be able to step into the Paragon Realm …
However, that illusory True Intent of Dao became their life-saving straw!
It was said that the True Intent of Dao was the great comprehension after standing at the end of the Divine Dao. That was the ultimate profound meaning of this world. If one could completely comprehend the True Intent of Dao, they could directly cross the Divine Dao and reach the other shore.
All kinds of legends and versions circulated around these people.
Later on, there were many different opinions as to what the True Intent of Dao was used for.
Some True Gods by chance really deciphered a few lines of the True Intent mental cultivation method. Although it was only one or two lines and was a remnant of the remnant, when recited according to the mental cultivation method, one could really feel all kinds of wonders and be fascinated.
However, just a few lines of the True Intent mental cultivation method, how powerful could it be? Those remnant lines merely led these True Gods to catch a glimpse of the end of the Divine Dao. It could not give them any substantial help, but it exuded a fatal temptation.
If the non-offensive areas in the Wood Domain truly existed, then it would be a complete proof of the True Meaning of the Dao.
Whether it was a Sage or a Paragon, they could not avoid the True Intent of Dao …
It was also because of this that the Wood Region became the place that this group of True Gods yearned for the most. It was also because of this that the Sword Race took advantage of this and announced a Dao Battle every few years!
Many True Gods who had studied Sanskrit would participate in every Dao Battle. However, most of them could not even pass the first round of selection.
As for the second round of selection, the number of people eliminated would be even greater …
There were tens of thousands of True Gods in this hall. Those who could pass were probably only a few people.
"However, there is one thing that this old man still has to remind everyone. In the second round of selection, our Sword Race had no choice but to use some methods. Naturally, there is a certain amount of danger. Some True Gods who have participated in the Dao Battle before should know," the Sword Race elder said lightly.
Hearing this, these True Gods' hearts suddenly trembled.
Although this was a non-offensive area, it did not mean that it was absolutely safe.
The Sword Race had occupied Ruo Mu for so many years. Their understanding of non-offensive lands was much deeper than what the outside world could imagine!
There were many examples of people dying in Daoist battles in the past …
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly as if he had understood something. He thought to himself, "A non-attacking place means that you can't attack, but it doesn't mean that you can't kill people."
Just like how he had captured those true intent spirit swords in Famed Sword God City, but when those true intent spirit swords were repelled, they could still injure the eldest young master of the Wang Clan!
"If that's the case, then the True Meaning of the Dao in the non-offensive area should be suppressing the desire to kill. In other words, it's impossible for me to kill someone unless I can break free from the True Meaning of the Dao in the non-offensive area. However, that doesn't mean that there's no way to kill someone …"
While Luo Zheng was deep in thought, the old man from the Sword Race said, "Everyone, please follow me."
With that, he took the lead and walked out of the hall.
The True Gods also followed behind in a hustle and bustle.
The black-faced man walked in front of Luo Zheng and turned his head to look at Luo Zheng with a mischievous smile. "With one look, I can tell that you're a rookie participating in the selection for the first time. What Elder Lu said just now was not a joke. If you don't pay attention to the second round of selection, you'll die. It's not too late for you to withdraw now!"
He deliberately dragged out his words to scare Luo Zheng.
This was the seventh time this black-faced man had participated in the Dao Battle, and the fifth time he had entered the second round of selection. It could be said that he was very familiar with the Sword Race. It was a pity that he had not been able to participate in the Dao Battle seriously even once. He was rather regretful about this and felt extremely unbalanced in his heart.
Every time he met a rookie like Luo Zheng who had a low cultivation level and was participating in the Dao Battle for the first time, he would ruthlessly attack him to satisfy the unbalanced feeling in his heart.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng did not care about his words at all. Instead, he asked, "Elder Lu? Shouldn't this Great Perfection Stage Sword Race's surname be Mo? "
"Yes, most people in the Sword Race have the surname Mo. However, after making great contributions to the Sword Race, or cultivating to the Great Perfection Stage, or some core members of the Sword Race, they all have their own titles. This Elder Lu is naturally called 'Sword Slayer,'" the black-faced man could not help but explain.
"Oh, thank you." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"What are you talking about! I'm telling you that if you don't withdraw from the second round of selection, you're dead meat … "The black-faced man realized that he had been led astray by Luo Zheng and said angrily.
Luo Zheng only rolled his eyes and ignored this person's existence again.
"Sword Slayer …"
I see.
Speaking of which, Luo Zheng still had the skeleton of a Great Perfection Stage Sword Race member in the imperial jade seal that he had not returned to the Sword Race.
The owner of this skeleton was called 'Sword Attendant' …
If he had the chance, Luo Zheng would definitely return the skeleton of the Sword Attendant to the Sword Race.
How could the black-faced man know that Luo Zheng was thinking about this?
Although Luo Zheng did not pay attention to him, he kept whispering in Luo Zheng's ear. For some unknown reason, he kept exerting pressure on Luo Zheng.
"Why do you talk so much nonsense!"
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng frowned and reprimanded loudly.
The crowd that had been quietly moving forward suddenly stopped and focused their gazes on Luo Zheng and the black-faced man.
Even the old man leading the way, 'Sword Slayer', frowned and turned his head back. He only said lightly, "Don't make a noise."
Luo Zheng shrugged and did not speak anymore.
On the contrary, the black-faced man's face was really dark with a hint of red.
If they were outside of this place, he was afraid that he would directly kill Luo Zheng. But here, just as the killing intent formed in his heart, it was completely erased by the invisible momentum of this place.
In the end, he could only glare fiercely at Luo Zheng and did not say anything.
Under the guidance of 'Sword Slayer', the crowd saw a downward slope appear in front of them. Following this slope all the way down, there was a dark entrance.
Standing at the entrance, 'Sword Slayer said lightly, "This is the place where our Sword Race cultivates. Everyone knows that our Sword Race is benevolent, which is why we were able to build this place. But they don't know that our Sword Race can also sacrifice our lives … This place is a place of absolute death."
The True Meaning of Dao that shrouded the entire place was extremely extreme.
In most areas, the True Gods could not even fight with each other under the cover of this momentum.

Chapter 2012
The Sword Race was a relatively peaceful race in the Divine Dominion.
At least, this race rarely caused any disputes in the Divine Dominion.
Even as the second most powerful clan in the Divine Dominion, their presence was not strong. This was because of their race's way of being benevolent.
Not killing indiscriminately and not being addicted to killing was a state of mind that almost every Sword Race member had to cultivate. It could be said that the Sword Race members had a strong sense of justice.
However, those who truly understood the Sword Race understood the terrifying power hidden behind this race.
"Even our Sword Race members often die when cultivating in the Death Trap. Everyone, don't try to be brave in there. If you can't withstand it, immediately crush the sword token in your hand! Our Sword Race members will save you. "Jian Lu glanced at everyone and waved his hand." Remember, the Death Trap will ignite the killing intent in your heart. However, you must not kill each other. Otherwise, don't blame the Sword Race for being ruthless. Everyone, please! "
With a response, this large group of True Gods went straight into the Death Trap …
The black-faced man glanced coldly at Luo Zheng and went in as well.
Luo Zheng strolled leisurely and walked at the back.
When Jian Lu saw that everyone had entered the Death Trap, in the sky, a small emerald bird flew over and circled towards him.
There was a small jade slip hanging on the bird's legs.
Jian Lu reached out his hand and the small emerald bird landed on his old finger.
"Chirp chirp!"
The small emerald bird chirped twice.
Jian Lu removed the jade slip and revealed a puzzled expression. "Mo Po 'er's letter? That kid just became the City Lord of Sword God City and stopped causing trouble. He stopped for a few days. What's with this letter? "
"Crack."
Jian Lu reached out and crushed the jade slip. A strand of consciousness flowed out from the jade slip.
"What? Someone in Sword God City took 23 swords? "
It was very rare to be able to take 23 swords, even in the Sword Race.
"Surname Luo, name Zheng, Luo Zheng …"
Jian Lu muttered for a while.
"Where have I heard this name before …"
After a short while, Jian Lu suddenly opened his eyes. There was a trace of surprise in his eyes.
"That brat with Sword Token No.9400!"
"Luo Zheng … He's the one who stirred up the floating island!"
As a Great Perfection Stage expert of the Sword Race and one of the Seven Great Sword-Bearing Elders, Sword Killer did not move around the floating island often. Instead, he stayed in Ruo Mu.
However, news of what happened on the floating island, especially major events, would often be sent back.
After hearing this name, he recalled what had happened during the ranking of the floating islands …
Anonymous cultivator, Forbidden Land of Time, Imperial Jade Seal.
One of the seven Sword-Bearing Elders of the Sword Race, the Sword Attendant, had died in the imperial jade seal!
Because of this, the Sword Maniac and the Sword Maniac lost their temper and demanded to track down Luo Zheng's whereabouts.
The fallen members of the Sword Clan had to return to their clan for burial even if they were billions of miles away.
Especially Sword Attendants at the Consummate Realm. They absolutely couldn't be buried in a foreign land …
Most importantly, the death of the Sword Attendant was only Luo Zheng's side of the story. How could the Sword Tribe allow a Sword Bearing Elder to die so casually?
Looking at the pitch-black entrance, Sword Killer even had a slight impulse to drag Luo Zheng out and ask him clearly.
However, he restrained himself in the end.
The Dao Battle this time was different from the past. Everything was for the sake of the Sword Race.
…
The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Killing Spot, he felt a drastic change in his aura.
Previously, when Luo Zheng entered the non-attacking place, he felt that the non-attacking place gave out a huge aura. It was the irresistible aura that caused all the Real Gods in the non-attacking place to be unable to gather the slightest bit of murderous intention.
However, after he entered the Killing Spot, this aura still existed. However, the pressure that Luo Zheng felt was not suppressing his killing intent, but releasing it!
An intense desire for battle was ignited, and it flowed continuously through Luo Zheng's blood.
"What a huge contrast!"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Under the influence of this aura, Luo Zheng faintly felt an impulse in his heart.
He actually wanted to burn his life force and erupt with his strongest strength, sacrificing himself!
"Is this the other side of the True Meaning of Dao?"
This feeling was somewhat similar to when Luo Zheng used the Emotion Severing Divine Path, but it was fundamentally different.
It seemed to be of the same origin as the God Slaying Divine Path, but there was still a huge difference.
The most important thing was that this True Meaning of Dao actually fused two completely opposite auras. It was indeed very strange.
As he pondered, Luo Zheng slowly walked down the stairs in the tree hole …
This tree hole was the interior of Ruo Mu's main pole.
The cross section of Ruo Mu's main pole was incomparably huge, so the world inside must be unimaginably huge. Could it be that the entire core of Ruo Mu was a Killing Spot?
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The True Gods continuously flew along the wide tree hole, and the True Gods quickly distanced themselves from each other.
Luo Zheng leisurely walked for a short distance, then he quietly sped up …
At the beginning of the journey, there were no changes.
However, as the group ventured deeper, tiny vines began to appear around the tree hole.
"Be careful, don't get wrapped up by these vines!"
"This is Ruo Mu's spiritual root. If you get wrapped up, don't even think about escaping!"
Just as a True God issued a warning, "Swish, swish" sounds could be heard continuously.
This huge cave was like the stomach of a monster. All the vines waved at the same time, sweeping towards the True Gods.
If the living beings of the God Realm were to be ranked, the four Divine Trees would definitely be the top living beings in the God Realm.
However, among the four Divine Trees, only the Northstar Divine Tree was adept at transformation and could transform into a death zone. The other three Divine Trees would not take the initiative to attack living beings.
Especially Ruo Mu.
Cultivating on Ruo Mu, one could feel the strong vitality of Ruo Mu. Under its nourishment, one could greatly increase one's cultivation speed.
Thus, as Luo Zheng walked, he saw many members of the Sword Clan stabbing their swords into Ruo Mu to cultivate.
However, in this Killing Spot, a part of Ruo Mu was also affected by the True Meaning of Dao. This area naturally became extremely dangerous.
Countless vines spread out at an extremely fast speed, and in an instant, they wrapped around many True Gods!
Swish! Swish!
"Ah …"
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, an upper-level True God's leg was wrapped up by vines. In an instant, seven or eight vines tightly wrapped around him. No matter how he struggled, he could not get out of these vines.
Moreover, the more this upper-level True God struggled, the stronger the vines became. Soon, a crisp sound could be heard coming from the True God's body. Even his bones were being twisted and broken!
"Crack!"
Helpless, this upper-level True God could only break the sword token in his hand. He did not dare to move in the slightest. When he gave up resisting, the vines no longer increased their strength.

Chapter 2013
Almost every True God had been attacked by these vines, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
These vines were like agile snakes. As they wriggled, they swarmed toward Luo Zheng.
Whoosh! “
Luo Zheng could not fly like the other Upper True Gods, so he could only rely on his agility to avoid them.
He twisted his body slightly and shot toward the side of the cave. He was as agile as a rabbit.
However, these vines seemed to have eyes. They moved quickly in the direction Luo Zheng had dodged. They intertwined with each other and formed a net that blocked Luo Zheng's path.
Whoosh, whoosh.
At the same time, seven or eight more vines extended from the ground behind Luo Zheng, blocking his path of retreat.
"Hehe, I've already said that Lower True Gods are just looking for death by coming here," the black-faced man said with a cold smile as he stood in mid-air and stared at Luo Zheng.
There were no restrictions in the Killing Grounds. Upper True Gods naturally had a great advantage.
Not only were they far stronger than ordinary Middle True Gods and Lower True Gods, but more importantly, they could fly freely and were more agile.
Therefore, in the second round of selection, ninety percent of the True Gods were Upper True Gods. There were only a few Middle True Gods.
As for Lower True Gods, Luo Zheng was the only one.
Hearing the black-faced man's words, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. With a tap of his foot, he turned into a sharp arrow and shot forward.
"You're walking right into the trap?"
Seeing this, the black-faced man almost thought that Luo Zheng had given up.
These vines were Ruo Mu's spiritual roots and were almost indestructible. At least in the many Path Battles that the black-faced man had participated in, being entangled by the vines meant being eliminated. No True God had been able to cut off the vines with their own strength.
There had been a True God who had not crushed his sword token to seek help from the Sword Tribe after being entangled by these vines. In the end, he had been strangled to death by the vines!
Therefore, many True Gods would crush their sword tokens once they were entangled by the vines and give up on the second round of selection.
There would be more opportunities to fight for the Dao in the future, but there was only one life.
However, just as the net made of vines was about to envelop Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurry. At the same time, a unique aura spread out from his body!
"Whoosh …"
Then, the black-faced man saw Luo Zheng's body suddenly become soft. His body twisted into an indescribable shape and "flowed" through the gaps between the vines!
After passing through the net of vines, Luo Zheng's body returned to its original form. He turned his head and glanced indifferently at the dark-faced man. After landing, he tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and turned into a stream of light shooting towards the depths of the Death Trap.
"What kind of method is this!" The dark-faced man's eyes widened.
The few upper true gods by the side also saw this scene and a strange expression appeared on their faces.
"It seems to be the Nanke Clan's Soft Body Technique," an upper true god said.
"As far as I know, the Soft Body Technique can indeed soften one's physical body and change it into various shapes. However, it requires time to prepare, so it's impossible to do it as one pleases." Another upper-level True God said with a strange expression. "Perhaps he has cultivated some kind of special supernatural power."
At that moment, they clearly felt that Luo Zheng's body contained a unique aura.
That was the aura of the Dao technique's True Meaning of Nature. However, they could not identify it with their experience and knowledge.
The dark-faced man stared at Luo Zheng, who was shooting away, with a trace of coldness in his eyes. Under the influence of the atmosphere in the Death Trap, the murderous intent in his heart was blazing.
However, he was very clear about the rules of the Sword Clan. Jian Lu had personally warned him that if he fought here, the consequences would be very serious!
If he had the chance, he would definitely kill this kid.
Thinking of this, the dark-faced man followed Luo Zheng.
"Slurp, slurp …"
Every time Luo Zheng landed, countless vines would rapidly grow around him.
However, he lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and once again turned into a stream of light and jumped out.
Under such repeated jumps, his speed was not much slower than the upper true gods flying in the air!
Along the way, there were upper true gods who were accidentally entangled by the vines. Then, they broke the sword tokens in their hands and chose to give up.
About a thousand true gods had fallen in the first stage. Even more true gods had passed through this place …
"This stage is not considered difficult." As Luo Zheng shot forward, he diverted some of his attention to feel the murderous intent in his heart.
In the universe, the murderous aura that Luo Zheng used was a foreign object. It was the most resentful curse of living beings before they died.
The Killing God Dao was purely the comprehension of "killing."
However, the aura in this Death Trap could cause living beings to spontaneously form an uncontrollable murderous intent.
Just like how Luo Zheng found these vines very annoying. Although he knew that he could not destroy the vines that had spread out from Ruo Mu's body, he still had the urge to cut these vines!
"Non-attack, Death Trap. If the True Dao of the Wood Territory has such two extreme sides …"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, he suddenly heard an explosion in front of him.
"Rumble …"
"Quick, dodge. Be careful of these bugs!"
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng had easily passed through the area full of vines.
However, the road ahead was even more dangerous.
There were no more vines surging out from the sides of this wide tree hole.
However, the walls of the tree hole were filled with circular holes of different sizes.
When the True Gods rushed into this area, black beetles came out from these circular holes!
These black beetles were covered in a layer of oily black shells. They had a pair of sharp curved horns on their heads. They were about the size of an ordinary adult and looked somewhat simple and honest.
However, under the influence of the Death Trap, the thousands of "compound eyes" on the heads of these black beetles emitted a dark red light as they charged toward the true gods.
"Die, die, die, die!"
Not far in front of Luo Zheng, an upper-level true god was wrapped in a layer of lightning.
This upper-level true god cultivated the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao. Countless bolts of Mystic Lightning wrapped around his body, causing his hair to stand on end like a hedgehog. He looked like an angry god of lightning.
Streaks of lightning shot toward the black beetles, exploding on the shells of the black beetles.
However, these black beetles seemed to be completely unharmed. They spread their wings and transformed into streaks of black light that shot toward the upper-level true god. Their speed was shockingly fast!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
Although the upper-level true god had transformed into lightning and was extremely fast, he was still unable to escape from the swarm of dozens of black beetles.
"Pfft!"
The leading black beetles used their sharp curved horns to pierce the upper-level true god's body, firmly nailing him to the side of the tree hole.
In a moment of desperation, the upper-level true god broke the sword token in his hand!
Perhaps it was because the black beetles were very dangerous, the moment he broke the sword token, the Sword Tribe reacted very quickly. A gap suddenly opened at the top of the cave wall. Light shone in from outside the tree hole and shone on the True God's body.

Chapter 2014
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he noticed the light coming from the top of the cave.
"So this is how the Sword Race saves people …"
It was impossible for the Sword Race to send people to save people in the Death Trap. Moreover, there were more than ten thousand upper true gods. If something really happened, they wouldn't be able to save them.
However, the Sword Race's method was simple.
They pierced through the top of the cave and released the aura from the Death Trap onto the injured upper true god. This way, the bugs wouldn't be able to attack again.
When the top of the cave wall was pierced through, a member of the Sword Race jumped down from above and grabbed the upper True God before leaving the tree hole.
However, not all true gods were so lucky to be saved.
Just like what Jian Slayer said, there was the danger of dying in the Death Trap.
While an upper true god was flying, a black beetle suddenly appeared from the side. The horn on the black beetle's head pierced through the upper true god's head and nailed him to the wall of the cave.
The upper true god didn't even have the chance to scream before his body went limp. Naturally, the sword token didn't have the chance to break and he died …
The true gods who noticed this were shocked. Under such circumstances, they could only rush over at an even faster speed.
"These bugs are really troublesome …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly before he rushed forward.
According to his understanding of the situation, after passing the second round of selection, he would be able to participate in the last round of Dao Contest.
If it was as Jing Wuhuan said, Yu Taibai would definitely bring Luo Yan out!
He wasn't interested in the Dao Contest. However, he had to pass this round of selection no matter what.
"Swish!"
Luo Zheng turned into a flowing light again and shot forward.
"Buzz …"
He had just rushed out for about ten miles when he heard a buzzing sound above his head.
Luo Zheng turned around reflexively.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Ten black flowing lights shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Duk duk duk duk duk …"
The sharp horns of the black beetles were nailed to the walls of the tree hole.
This swarm of black beetles failed to nail Luo Zheng down. They pulled out their sharp horns and once again spread their wings and chased after Luo Zheng relentlessly!
"Buzz …"
Seeing that the black beetles were getting closer and closer to him, Luo Zheng flipped over, and the power in his body surged out violently.
"Bang bang bang bang!"
Even though Luo Zheng had used nearly 50% of his power source, he was still unable to break the shells of these black beetles.
However, the massive force still managed to shake these beetles away one by one!
At the same time, Luo Zheng used the rebounding force to fly away again. His movements were as smooth as flowing water, and the black beetles were helpless against him.
Some of the upper Real Gods who flew past in a hurry saw Luo Zheng's familiar movements and they turned to look at him.
Outside the death zone.
A slender branch extended from the top of the main pole.
As the branch continued to bend, it was like a mosquito coil that curled up into a natural platform.
Sword Slaughter stood on the platform, looking down at the people below.
The death zone was a long and narrow passage specially opened up for the people of the Sword Race to cultivate. This passage stretched for hundreds of miles inside the Ruo Mu.
Standing on the platform where Jian Lu was, with the help of the Sword Race's Eye of Insight, one could overlook the entire process.
Below, there were tens of thousands of people of the Sword Race scattered around the surface of the Ruo Mu. They were on standby. If anyone broke the sword token and sent out a distress signal, the people of the Sword Race would use their fastest speed to drill through the surface of the Ruo Mu and rescue the True God inside.
Jian Lu's gaze was focused on Luo Zheng from the beginning to the end.
To tell the truth, watching a lower True God stroll through a land of absolute death was an extremely strange experience …
The Sword Race had opened up hundreds of similar death zones inside the Ruo Mu.
Some of the death zones were empty without any danger. The purpose was to allow the people of the Sword Race to comprehend the other side of the True Meaning of Dao.
However, some of the death zones were extraordinarily dangerous.
There were some extraordinarily ferocious creatures inside the Ruo Mu's huge main body.
Although the Sword Race had occupied the Ruo Mu for so many years, in reality, their understanding of the Ruo Mu was not as good as what the outside world thought.
Until now, there were still some mysterious creatures living inside the Ruo Mu's body. Some of the death zones were extremely dangerous even for a Great Perfection deity to walk around.
The death zone that was being used for the Dao Battle was usually given to upper Real Gods to cultivate in.
Because it was close to the surface of the Ruo Mu, if there was danger, Jian Lu would be able to receive the fastest rescue as long as he moved fast enough.
However, to lower and middle Real Gods, this death zone was extremely dangerous.
"As expected of the little guy who could stir up the floating island. This kind of power … Even the most outstanding disciples of the Sword Race are far from his level!" Jian Lu gave such an evaluation. If he had been doubtful about the rumors before, he now understood that the rumors about Luo Zheng's disappearance from the floating island were not exaggerated at all.
At this moment, two grayish-white figures shot over from nearby and landed in front of Jian Lu in the blink of an eye.
The two of them were also at the Great Perfection Stage!
One of them looked like a middle-aged man in his forties. He had a small beard and a kind face. This person was one of the Sword-Bearing Elders, Jian Xin.
The other person was a sinister-looking old man with an indifferent expression. This person was also one of the Sword-Bearing Elders, and his name was Jian Gu.
After Jian Xin stepped onto the circular platform, he asked Jian Lu with a smile, "The second round of the selection has already begun, right?"
Jian Gu said coldly, "Humph, it's very stupid to place your hopes on some useless people!"
Jian Lu smiled and said, "This is only the first wave of True Gods. The number of True Gods participating in the second round of selection this year is expected to be several times more than the previous years. There should be more elites selected …"
"It's useless even if there are a hundred times more! Something selected from a pile of trash is still a pile of trash. "Jian Gu's tone was rather rude.
However, Jian Lu seemed to be familiar with Jian Gu's bad temper and was not annoyed at all.
Although Jian Gu said that, he turned and asked, "In the first wave of ten thousand True Gods, is there anyone who performed well?"
Jian Lu shook his head and pretended to be miserable as he said, "Very average, very average."
"See, I already said that something selected from a pile of trash is still trash," Jian Gu said confidently.
Hearing this, Jian Lu suddenly revealed a playful smile. "However, I did find an interesting little guy among them!"
There were not many people who could interest Jian Lu.

Chapter 2015
Jian Lu pointed from afar.
Jianxin and Jiangu's eyes shone with a unique radiance.
The path of death inside the tree trunk was immediately seen by the two of them.
"Lower Real God?"
Even though Jian Lu's target was not clear, Jianxin and Jiangu noticed Luo Zheng immediately.
After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation was the lowest among all the Real Gods.
"Hehe," Jian Lu smiled, "Of course."
Jianxin and Jiangu stared at Luo Zheng for a while.
Luo Zheng's figure was like the wind. Every time a black beetle came close, his fist flashed in front of him, and all the black beetles were easily smashed away like cannonballs.
"This little guy's strength is not bad …" Jianxin praised.
"He's the best among the lower Real Gods, the top disciple of a wealthy family," Jiangu said calmly.
If other clans saw such a Lower True God, they would most likely be greatly astonished.
However, they were the Sword Tribe, the second biggest wealthy family on the floating island. What kind of genius had they not seen before?
Hearing Jian Lu's words, Jian Lu smiled, "The standard of a wealthy family's top disciple? Is there any lower Real God in the Sword Tribe who can fight with him? "
"Mo Ruo Feng, Mo Hui and the rest should not be weaker than him," Jiangu said calmly.
Jianxin observed for a while and shook his head, "Not necessarily. This little guy obviously suppressed his ability. Mo Ruo Feng and the rest might not be his match."
"Hahaha …"
Seeing that it was about time, Jian Lu laughed, "Do you know who he is?"
"Who?" Jianxin was curious as he looked at Jian Lu's mystifying look.
"If I'm not wrong, the corpse of the swordsman servant is still in his hands," Jian Lu said with a hint of sadness on his face.
The position of the seven sword-bearing elders in the Sword Tribe was second only to the sages and quasi-sages in the Sword Tribe. They had a good relationship with each other. The death of one of them was a great loss to the Sword Tribe.
Jianxin and Jiangu thought for a while after hearing what Jian Lu said.
Jiangu reacted the fastest. His eyes flashed and he said, "He's Luo Zheng!"
"That anonymous person in the Arena of Gods!" Kenshin's eyes lit up slightly.
Sword Slaughter smiled. "If you keep watching … the situation is more complicated than you think."
"Complicated?"
Both of them were confused.
Although there was no enmity between the Sword Race and Luo Zheng, the Sword Race had a clear understanding of Luo Zheng due to the death of the Sword Servant. This was a problem that the Sword Race had to investigate.
They knew Luo Zheng's strength was extraordinary, and they also knew that he took out a jade seal from the forbidden area of the Sea of Time.
However, he did not know what Sword Slayer meant by 'complicated'.
Under the gaze of the three Perfect Real Gods of Sword Tribe, Luo Zheng was surrounded again.
After all, Luo Zheng could not fly like other upper true gods.
Even if the black beetles were smashed away, the thick-skinned insects quickly gathered together again.
The infuriated black beetles would not stop until they were dead. Not long after, there was a large group of them and they chased after Luo Zheng.
When the other upper true gods saw this scene, they were afraid that they could not avoid it. They could not understand how Luo Zheng could attract so many black beetles.
"Oh no, that boy is going to be surrounded to death!" Jianxin shouted.
Jiangu frowned slightly. Since the Sword Servant's corpse was still in his hands, he naturally could not watch him die.
However, if he were to die …
Wouldn't the jade seal fall into the hands of the Sword Race?
The Sword Race had always disdained to do such things. However, if Luo Zheng were to die by accident, the situation would be different.
After all, the Sword Race could not ignore a belief treasure.
"He is still not willing to crush the sword token," Jiangu said. He saw that Luo Zheng's body was floating and he still had no intention of giving up.
Jian Lu's face was still relaxed. "You will know if you continue watching!"
Just as he finished his sentence.
Luo Zheng's body started to become erratic.
A strange aura was emitted from his body.
Under the influence of that aura, Luo Zheng's body twisted and he used a strange posture to get out of the group of beetles.
"This is!"
Jianxin and Jiangu's eyes widened slightly.
They clearly felt a different aura from Luo Zheng's body.
Although this aura was only a trace and ordinary true gods could not distinguish it, it was enough for them to see that it was unusual.
"The aura that the boy is emitting … is it a type of True Meaning of Dao?" Jianxin asked uncertainly.
Jian Lu nodded, stroked his beard, and said seriously, "Yes! If I am not wrong, that is the True Meaning of Dao. There are only a few words recorded in the 'Twelve True Meaning Mental Cultivation Method'. According to the method written in it, it is very similar, very similar … "
The 'Twelve True Meaning Mental Cultivation Method' was compiled by an old senior of the Sword Race.
It was a collection of the Sword Race's harvest from the Dao Battles over the years, summarizing the twelve True Meanings of Dao discovered in the Domain of the Gods!
However, since it was an "incomplete record," it was originally not complete. Most of the explanations were just conjectures, but to be able to summarize the twelve True Meanings of Dao was already quite difficult.
"Dao of Dao …" Jianxin murmured. "I wonder how much he has practiced this technique. He actually came to participate in the Dao Battle this time. Will the Dao Battle this time be like what Big Brother said?"
"It's about time." Jian Lu nodded. "It's time for the Dao Battle this time to unveil the curtain."
"Sigh …" Jianxin let out a long sigh. "After so many years, the countless true gods in the Domain of the Gods have long gotten used to this kind of peaceful and stable life. Sometimes, I really hope that this kind of life can continue!"
Jiangu sneered. "Dream on! If we don't think of a way, this ship will sink sooner or later. When that time comes, everyone will be finished! "
"I'm just unwilling. If the Saint Mountain descends the next time, I still have a chance to be canonized as a saint!" Jianxin's face revealed endless regret.
"With so many secondary saints eyeing us covetously, even if the Saint Mountain really descends, I'm afraid you won't have a chance," Jiangu sneered.
"Am I really afraid of those secondary saints …" Jianxin said, unconvinced.
As they bickered, their gazes were still fixed on Luo Zheng.
In such a short time, Luo Zheng had already walked a great distance in the Death Trap. He had already passed the second stage and entered the third stage.
In the first stage, about ten percent of the true gods crushed their sword tokens and chose to give up.
In the second stage, the number of true gods who gave up increased to half. Among them, about three to four hundred upper true gods died in the Death Trap and became food for those black beetles …
The Death Trap was divided into a total of five stages.
In the first four stages, ninety percent of the true gods would be eliminated.
As for those who could truly pass the fifth stage, there were usually only three to five people.
The three paragons were still discussing what to do if Luo Zheng did not pass the selection …

Chapter 2016
The black-faced man who had been following Luo Zheng all this time also had an outstanding result. With his rich experience, there was even a slight possibility that he could pass the fifth stage of the Place of Death!
Unfortunately, in the fourth stage, that guy was still following Luo Zheng.
In the fourth stage, a type of red lizard came out of the crack and suddenly spat out a huge amount of venom. Although the tree hole in the Place of Death was extremely wide, the venom was like a storm, sweeping through it.
Luo Zheng himself was not afraid of the venom.
The black-faced man was naturally in trouble. Unable to dodge, he was sprayed directly!
His whole body was paralyzed, and he lay on the ground, unable to move at all. He could only watch as the venomous lizards slowly crawled toward the black-faced man.
Luo Zheng turned around and used his power source to condense an invisible sharp sword, cutting the sword token beside him into pieces.
After the black-faced man was enveloped by the light above the tree hole, he was naturally safe. His eyes flickered with a complicated light as he watched Luo Zheng leave.
There were a total of four True Gods who had followed Luo Zheng through the fifth stage.
Three of them were upper-level True Gods!
Passing the second round of screening meant that they had obtained the opportunity to participate in the Dao Battle.
Therefore, after leaving the Place of Death, these upper-level True Gods could be said to be in high spirits! This was an opportunity that thousands of True Gods could not obtain.
Luo Zheng's expression remained calm.
At this moment, not far away, three gray lights shot over. They were Jian Lu, Jian Gu, and Jian Xin, the three Great Perfection True Gods of the Sword Tribe.
"Junior greets the seniors of the Sword Tribe!"
When the upper-level True Gods saw the three Great Perfection True Gods appear at the same time, they were immediately overwhelmed.
Unexpectedly, the three Great Perfection True Gods did not even spare them a glance. Instead, they all looked at Luo Zheng, who was on the far right.
"You are Luo Zheng, right?" Jian Lu stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"You're here!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, but he maintained his composure and nodded.
This time, he did not use an alias to come to the Sword Tribe.
Firstly, the Place of Death was not as dangerous as he had imagined.
Perhaps the Sword Race had a way to kill people. For example, they could use the Killing Grounds to cover the non-attacking areas.
However, other than the Sword race, the Real Gods did not have this ability.
Just like what Jing Wu Huan had told him, the Sword Race was neither an enemy nor a friend. However, the future was uncertain.
"That's right. The cultivation of a lower True God has passed the selection of the land of death! With such strength, as expected of someone who has the qualifications to stir up the floating island. Please follow me! "Sword Slaughter did not hide the smile of admiration on his face.
Hearing Jian Lu's words, the hearts of the three upper true gods jumped slightly. This fella could actually stir up the floating island?
There were many floating islands in the God Dominion.
However, Jian Lu was the Sword Race's Sword-Bearing Elder. The floating island he was referring to was the wealthy floating island in the Sea of Time.
This Lower True God had such ability?
In the fifth stage, the three upper true gods were greatly shocked by someone like Luo Zheng. However, after Luo Zheng's explosive strength, the three upper true gods were convinced. One of the upper true gods even wouldn't have been able to pass the final stage if it wasn't for Luo Zheng.
Soon after, Jian Lu, Jian Xin, and Jian Gu were about to bring Luo Zheng away.
The three upper true gods were anxious. One of them immediately stepped forward and cupped his hands. "Seniors, I wonder what arrangements the Sword Race has for us after we pass the Killing Grounds?"
Jian Lu turned his head and glanced indifferently. Shortly after, he said impatiently, "What arrangements? Someone will arrange for you later … "
The three upper true gods were disappointed. However, they had already obtained the opportunity to participate in the Dao Battle. They could only wait here. At the same time, they began to discuss Luo Zheng's background.
After the three Paragons brought Luo Zheng into a palace in the Sword Race, Jian Lu immediately turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng. "I don't need to introduce myself, right?"
"Senior Jian Lu," Luo Zheng said with cupped hands.
Jian Lu pointed at the two people beside him. "Jian Xin, Jian Gu."
"Greetings, Senior Jian Xin and Jian Gu," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Let's cut to the chase. My brother's sword servant's corpse … is it in your hands?" Jian Gu was impatient. He was afraid that Jian Lu had mistaken him. Hence, he wanted to confirm immediately.
After Luo Zheng left the Sea of Time, he had personally promised that he would return the sword servant's corpse if he had the chance.
Jian Gu and Jian Lu also stared at Luo Zheng anxiously.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "The corpse of Senior Jian Shu is indeed in my hands. As the saying goes, fallen leaves return to their roots. I will return the corpse of Senior Jian Shu to you now."
After saying that, Luo Zheng was about to activate the imperial jade seal to retrieve the corpse of Senior Jian Shu.
"Wait." Jian Gu's expression still didn't look good. "Can you tell this old man how Senior Jian Shu died?"
It wasn't easy to kill a Paragons. Even in the second and third layers of the Sea of Time, a group of Paragons didn't die. In the end, they died in a small imperial jade seal. Even now, they still couldn't figure it out.
Later, through other channels, they learned that the others in the imperial jade seal were almost killed by Luo Zheng. In the end, they suspected Luo Zheng. After all, he was the only one in control of the imperial jade seal.
Looking at Jian Gu and the others' suspicious gazes, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Speaking of which, if it wasn't for Senior Jian Shu's help, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to obtain this imperial jade seal."
Then, Luo Zheng explained what happened before he encountered the sword servant.
After that, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and a colorful halo appeared on the ground. Luo Zheng stepped into it.
After returning to the world in the imperial jade seal, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and arrived at a corner of the desert.
The corpse of Senior Jian Shu, pierced by the Spear of Time, was lying in the desert.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and the corpse flew over with him. He took the corpse through the passage of time and returned to the Sword Race.
"This is the corpse of Senior Jian Shu?" Jian Xin and Jian Lu's expressions sank.
Jian Gu also took a deep breath. The surface of the corpse was mottled and looked as if it had died for countless years!
With the cultivation of a Senior Jian Shu, even his corpse would gradually decay after a long time. How did it become like this in just a few years?
"Yes, he was pierced by the Spear of Time. I entered the world in the imperial jade seal later than Senior Jian Shu. When I encountered him, he was already like this." Luo Zheng answered truthfully. He saw that Jian Gu was faintly suspicious, so he continued, "If Seniors don't believe me, you can inquire about Dongfang Taiqing's injuries. He was also pierced by the Spear of Time … When I encountered Senior Jian Shu, I took three strike rings from him. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have been able to obtain this imperial jade seal."

Chapter 2018
At this point, the three Sword-Bearing Elders no longer had any doubts. Words * First * Message *
Jian Lu said with a sorrowful expression, "The pitiful Sword Attendant walked the Divine Realm for countless years and did countless good deeds, but in the end, he fell to a faith treasure …"
The three Sword-Bearing Elders all had sorrowful expressions when they heard this.
The Sword Clan had an excellent reputation in the Divine Realm because of their Dao of Benevolence.
Their clan rarely clashed with other clans for benefits. If it was within their power, they would even lend a helping hand in the face of bullying.
For example, when the Sword Attendant was stabbed by the Spear of Time, he knew he would undoubtedly die, but he still used his remaining consciousness to warn Luo Zheng that he must be careful of the black spear … This wasn't beneficial to the Sword Attendant, but it could help others avoid such danger.
This was the Dao of Benevolence.
"No matter what, I still have to thank you for returning the Sword Attendant's skeleton," Jianxin said sincerely.
"I should be the one thanking Senior Sword Attendant," Luo Zheng replied solemnly.
After Sword Bone carefully put away the skeleton, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and said, "I still have a request. I wonder if Seniors can help me?"
Jian Lu looked at Luo Zheng and said indifferently, "Please speak."
"My Luo Clan's Perfection Stage Yu Taibai will also participate in this Dao Battle, but I don't know where he is right now. If you have any news, can you inform this one?" Luo Zheng asked.
Jianxin, Jian Lu, and the others looked at each other and smiled.
Jian Lu then nodded, "It's a small matter. No matter which city of my Sword Clan he appears in, I will inform you as soon as possible …"
As he spoke, another small emerald bird flew over. It circled around the beam at the top of the hall before landing in the hands of the Sword Slayer.
Jian Lu reached out and took the jade slip from the bird's feet and crushed it …
The moment he crushed the jade slip, a strand of consciousness poured into his mind.
Jian Lu paused for a moment, then laughed heartily, "What a coincidence, a letter from Sword Forging Divine City."
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat as he realized something. Jian Lu said, "Yu Taibai took a woman and passed the first round of selection. That woman obtained seventeen swords in the first round!"
"What …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a bright light.
Although Jing Wuhuan had told Luo Zheng that Yu Taibai would definitely participate in the Dao Battle, this wasn't certain.
But after all, this was not something that was completely certain. Luo Zheng's attitude was still skeptical.
How could he not be excited when he heard this news!
"With Yu Taibai's speed, he should have already arrived. I'll bring you there!"
Luo Zheng followed Sword Slaughter and the others out of the palace, heading towards the edge of the main pole.
Not long after Luo Zheng, he arrived at the entrance of Death's entrance. of Death's Death's
When Luo Zheng in this place, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Zheng an, Luo, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo ….
At the side of the entrance, Luo Zheng saw a tall and sturdy figure in a white robe.
When he saw that figure again, Luo Zheng felt a little emotional.
In terms of ideals, Luo Zheng's dream was to climb to the peak of martial arts.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, the Life and Death Realm represented that peak ….
This man's appearance had completely overturned Luo Zheng's understanding in less than a breath's time.
Just one ten-millionth of this man's power was enough to kill him.
That inconceivably powerful force had always shaken Luo Zheng's heart, and because he had taken Luo Yan away, it had also given Luo Zheng the motivation to move forward.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that he would be able to stand in front of this man after becoming a God.
Yu Taibai sensed the aura of the three Great Perfection Sovereigns from the Sword Tribe. He turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng. He seemed to have expected this. There was no change in his expression. He only revealed a warm smile as if this was how it should be.
"Brother Taibai, you've come to the Sword Tribe! Your presence brings light to the Ruomu Region! "
Jian Lu, Jian Xin, and Jian Gu stepped forward and cupped their hands.
Yu Taibai returned the greeting.
The Luo Family and the Sword Tribe didn't have any disputes. They used to be on good terms.
However, during the fight between the Luo Family and the Mu Family, the Sword Tribe chose to remain silent for various reasons. As for the reason, outsiders didn't know ….
After some pleasantries, the three Great Perfection Sovereigns from the Sword Tribe knew that Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng had something to talk about.
Then, Yu Taibai looked at Luo Zheng with a faint smile.
For some reason, Luo Zheng didn't know what to say at this moment. He was very quiet.
After a long while, he said, "Where's my sister?"
Yu Taibai smiled. "She's participating in the second round of selection."
Luo Zheng frowned. "Will she be in danger?"
"Luo Yan's talent isn't any lower than yours. She's already an upper True God. She's just one step away from becoming a Great Perfection Sovereign. What do you think?" Yu Taibai smiled.
"Oh." The past flashed through his mind like ancient scenes. However, Luo Zheng didn't know what to say.
"You should have a lot of questions," Yu Taibai smiled.
There were indeed too many questions.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't know what to ask.
After thinking for a long while, Luo Zheng looked at the entrance of the killing zone and said, "Why did you let Luo Yan participate in the Dao Battle?"
Subconsciously, no matter what Luo Xiao and Yu Taibai planned, it should be him, the older brother, who should not let Luo Yan take the risk.
Yu Taibai smiled. "Indeed, I shouldn't let Luo Yan participate. However, you didn't come to Buzhou Spirit Mountain. I could only use this backup plan."
"What's the purpose of the Dao Battle? Don't tell me it's really just to explore the peak of the Divine Dao! "Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Delving into the limits of the Divine Dao, deciphering Sanskrit, debating the meaning of the Divine Dao, discussing the true meaning of the Dao …
On the surface, the Dao Battle held by the Sword Tribe was indeed like this. At the same time, it attracted countless True Gods to participate.
In reality, there was a crucial reason why the Sword Tribe held the Dao Battle. Even the Sages couldn't solve these problems. Could it really be solved by attracting a group of upper True Gods?
Therefore, Luo Zheng was quite suspicious of the Dao Battle's purpose from the start.
Yu Taibai was silent for a while. This time, he answered frankly, "You're right. The Sword Tribe didn't hold the Dao Battle for this purpose from the start … their purpose was to obtain that skeleton!"
"That skeleton of the Nirvana Realm expert?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
"It seems like Jing Wuhuan told you." Yu Taibai smiled.
"It could also be Aunt Hanjiu." Luo Zheng suddenly felt a trace of joy. At least what he knew was beyond Yu Taibai's expectations.
Yu Taibai shook his head. "Women aren't very interested in these things …"
After saying this, he stretched out his hand. A faint light screen enveloped the two of them. Some words were not suitable to be transmitted, even to the Sword Tribe.
"What's the identity of that skeleton?" Luo Zheng asked again.

Chapter 2019
Although Yu Taibai had repeatedly promised her that she would definitely be able to see Luo Zheng if she went to a place not under attack.
Luo Yan's heart was naturally filled with expectations.
But Luo Yan also didn't expect that her brother would appear in front of her like this.
She had just passed the second round of screening and was originally a little tired.
But after seeing Luo Zheng, all the tiredness, dissatisfaction, and worry in her heart completely disappeared …
After parting ways in the Central Domain, Luo Yan entered the Domain of the Gods.
According to the scale of the universe, Luo Zheng had been separated from her for more than ten years.
According to the scale of the Domain of the Gods, Luo Yan had only been separated from Luo Zheng for a few years.
In these few years, Luo Yan finally understood what a secondary life form was, what the universe was.
A single Great Realm in the universe was larger than a thousand Great Chiliocosms.
A Central Domain, or even a large world, was just a chestnut in the vast ocean of this world.
She and her brother were tiny specks of dust in this chestnut.
They weren't negligible, but they were so small that it was simply difficult for people to notice them and look them in the eye.
She was discovered by Yu Taibai and directly brought from the Central Domain to the Domain of the Gods.
And her brother was still that tiny speck of dust …
It was this speck of dust that constantly struggled in the universe, constantly grew stronger, growing strong and barbaric. After experiencing countless life and death tribulations, relying on unimaginable tenacity, he finally stood in front of her.
She had waited for this day for too long.
"Huu …"
Luo Yan's toes lightly tapped, her lithe body sliding towards Luo Zheng. She threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms and pressed her face tightly against his shoulder.
Tears gushed out from the corners of her eyes like a pearl necklace, instantly wetting Luo Zheng's clothes.
Luo Yan kept sobbing, but didn't make a sound.
Luo Zheng gently patted her head and softly comforted her: "Brother climbed up from below with great difficulty, why are you crying …"
Hearing this, Luo Yan sobbed even harder, saying intermittently: "I, I don't know …"
"Silly girl," Luo Zheng coaxed with a smile.
Luo Yan gently shook her head, "Yan 'er is not stupid … From now on, Yan' er will protect Big Brother!"
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Yu Taibai stood nearby with his hands behind his back, looking at this scene with a trace of gratification on his face.
From the moment the two little fellows were born, Yu Taibai knew the entire process.
This was the most important part of his master's plan. At least for now, it was still going smoothly …
If Master could see the two siblings reunite in the Divine Realm, he would be very gratified, right?
Beside Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, there was another upper true god.
Although this upper True God was not a descendant of a wealthy family, he was also an absolutely outstanding figure among the Divine Realm's various first-rate families.
To this upper True Divinity, passing through the second round of selections was a stroke of luck that left him overjoyed.
However …
During the selection process of participating in the Battle of Dao, the thing that left the deepest impression on this upper-level True God was not the strange and ferocious creatures in the land of death.
Rather, it was this woman's methods that were so powerful that they bordered on abnormal!
In the fifth stage of the land of death, this upper True Divinity had experienced four crises.
Each time, he had been saved by this woman!
In particular, when facing a tree dragon, this woman had erupted with a terrifying aura.
With an extremely beautiful figure and posture, she had cut that tree dragon in two …
That head of fine black hair that danced in the wind, that breathtakingly beautiful face, that pair of eyes that revealed a desolate killing intent, was like a branding image that was deeply imprinted into this upper True Divinity's mind!
Such a wondrous woman was hard to find even in the entire Divine Realm.
In almost an instant, this upper True Divinity developed an intense infatuation with her.
He believed that his family was wealthy and his talent was formidable. Perhaps only those peak upper True Divinities of the wealthy families could compare to him!
No matter where this woman came from, she couldn't possibly be from a wealthy family. Thinking about it, she might have a chance.
He and this woman had just passed through the second round of selections. This upper True Divinity was about to step forward and introduce himself, and at the same time inquire about this beautiful woman's name and background.
But before he could say anything …
He saw this woman unhesitatingly throw herself into … the embrace of a lower True Divinity.
Seeing this scene, his mind instantly went blank.
How could it be a lower True Divinity …
This was really too unreasonable.
Just as he was feeling gloomy, he quietly overheard the two talking as if there was no one else around. Only then did he realize.
So that guy was this wondrous woman's older brother!
They were children of the same father and mother, but the gap between them was actually so big. This younger sister's cultivation was actually so much stronger than her older brother's!
After understanding this, the gloomy expression on his face was swept away. He wore a slight smile on his face, and this smile contained a trace of eagerness.
Although this lower True Divinity's cultivation was low, there was a possibility that he would become his brother-in-law in the future. He couldn't be careless about this …
He wandered around on the side for quite a while before finally finding an opportunity.
He approached them and bowed deeply to Luo Yan and Luo Zheng.
Seeing this upper True Divinity, Luo Zheng frowned slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"
Just now, Luo Zheng had already noticed this guy. For some reason, he kept wandering around on the side, making people feel annoyed.
This upper True Divinity was full of smiles as he said courteously, "Your younger sister has saved our lives repeatedly in the land of death. This debt of gratitude must be repaid! I am Nan Long Hua, and my father is the secondary sage Nan Long Xiaotian! "
The Nan Long Clan was considered a top-notch clan in the southern part of the Divine Realm. They were quite famous!
If they struggled for a few more Divine Eras, Nan Long Xiaotian would be able to become a sage, and it was possible for him to aspire to become one of the Wealthy Clans.
Therefore, Nan Long Hua was still quite confident when facing this pair of siblings. Of course, she first introduced herself.
However, this pair of siblings, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, were also considered oddities in the Divine Realm.
This was the first time Luo Yan had left Buzhou Spirit Mountain after entering the Divine Realm. She only had a slight understanding of the experts and forces of the Wealthy Clans. Apart from that, she knew almost nothing about the forces in the Divine Realm.
As for Luo Zheng, he had only entered the Divine Realm through a cursory glance. He had never heard of the Nan Long Clan, but after all, their father was a secondary sage …
"No need to be polite," Luo Zheng replied indifferently and pulled Luo Yan to leave.
Luo Yan turned her head and smiled sweetly at Nan Long Hua. "Next time, don't be so stupid. You won't need me to save your life!"
Nan Long Hua stood in place and looked at Luo Yan's innocent smile. For a moment, she was stunned.
Then, she saw this pair of siblings actually walk towards a Paragon …
'This Paragon should be an elder of their clan. This pair of siblings shouldn't be from some nameless small clan,' Nan Long Hua thought to herself.
No matter what, this extraordinary woman had passed the Dao Battle …
Her brother was merely a lower True Divinity. Naturally, he couldn't participate in the Dao Battle.

Chapter 2020
Ruo Mu was the widest of the four divine trees. Just the top of Ruo Mu's main pole was as large as a small region in the divine territory.
The Sword Race had built sixteen divine cities around the top of the pole.
The city Luo Zheng would be participating in the second round of selections was located at the edge of the pole. It was called Orchid Sword City.
Originally, after passing the second round of selections, Luo Zheng was supposed to stay with Nan Longhua and the other True Gods who passed the second round of selections. Then, they would be escorted to the Sword Race's ancestral land — Sword Transformation Divine City to participate in the Dao Battle.
However, with Yu Taibai's arrival.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan were considered special cases. They could head to Sword Transformation Divine City first.
After all, according to the Sword Race's rules, every noble family had a quota to participate in the Dao Battle directly.
The Luo Family used to be a noble family. Before their floating island fell into the sea of time, they were still a noble family.
North of Sword Transformation Divine City, in a palace that was very unique to the Sword Race.
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the tall wall …
On the walls, there were mysterious drawings.
Each drawing was a True God's sword maneuver. Not only were the images vivid, but the sword techniques used were also very mysterious.
"This sword technique is very powerful even in the divine territory. But here, it's just a mural …"
Luo Zheng's face was full of admiration as he looked at the images.
Luo Yan sat on the stairs beside him. He propped his head up with his elbow and stared at his brother in a daze.
Yu Taibai said faintly behind Luo Zheng, "The Sword Race is called the Sword Race. Naturally, no one can surpass them in the study of the Sword Dao … Unfortunately, they are too pedantic." He couldn't help but shake his head.
"Pedantic? What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Yu Taibai smiled faintly and said, "The Sword Race pursues benevolence and the Sword Heart Study. They are pedantic!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng somewhat disagreed.
From what Luo Zheng saw, almost all of the Sword Race members were righteous and kind. This was very rare in the divine territory …
"I don't understand what you mean." Luo Zheng was confused.
Yu Taibai sighed. Looking at the murals in the palace, he said, "The Mohist family did not attack them, but because of their benevolence, their development was far inferior to the Dongfang family."
"Does the size of the clan's land really mean that they are inferior?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You misunderstood what I meant," Yu Taibai lightly said. "Being benevolent has created a woman's benevolence. Back then, Master hoped to ally with the Sword Race. If the Sword Race had agreed, the Divine Realm would not have encountered such a crisis … Even now, I still have to force the Sword Race to submit. In the end, we are still walking back to square one. The price we have to pay is far greater than before, and the chances are even slimmer!"
These words, Luo Zheng was somewhat mystified when he heard it.
However, he roughly understood that the Sword Tribe could have chosen to intervene when his father was fighting with the Aristocrat Alliance.
Moreover, with the Sword Tribe's strength at that time, they were indeed qualified to fight against the Wealthy Alliance …
However, the Sword Race chose to remain silent.
Every time Yu Taibai brought this up, he would feel indignant.
"Eldest Senior Brother forced the Sword Race to submit?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Yu Taibai nodded. He narrowed his eyes and said, "Yes, to be precise, it was not me who forced the Sword Race. It was the reality that forced the Sword Race. Right now, the Sword Race should be anxious." As he spoke, he glanced at the palace door and sneered. "They are even more anxious than I thought. That old man Jian Wuhen is already here."
Just as he finished speaking.
The palace door suddenly opened.
After the two rows of Sword Race disciples entered the palace, they neatly lined up inside the door.
Then, an old man slowly walked over.
This old man's aura was extraordinary. Just a casual glance seemed to be able to destroy a world.
His body was not very tall, but there was a huge universe hidden inside. Countless secondary life forms were cultivating in his body …
"Sage!" After noticing the old man, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Luo Zheng had seen this Sage of the Sword Race outside the Sea of Time. It was also this Sage who had asked him about the whereabouts of the Sword Servants.
After the old man entered the palace, he stared at Yu Taibai and said faintly, "Luo Xiao's good disciple, you keep calling him old man. It's a great crime to be disrespectful to a Sage."
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan got up and bowed to the Sage. It seemed this old man was the Jian Wuhen that Yu Taibai spoke of.
Yu Taibai didn't have any respectful attitude. He just said faintly, "Old man's ears are quite sharp."
Jian Wuhen didn't bicker with Yu Taibai.
His deep eyes glanced at Luo Zheng and seemed to believe that Luo Zheng wasn't that important. In the end, his gaze landed on Luo Yan.
"This is your hope?"
Being stared at by a Sage like this, Luo Yan was slightly flustered. He almost habitually wanted to hide behind Luo Zheng.
However, after realizing the heavy burden on his shoulders, Luo Yan stood out from behind him. He puffed out his chest and raised his head. His expression was completely serious.
"Yes." Yu Taibai nodded.
Jian Wuhen sized up Luo Yan for a while. He reached out and grabbed a long sword out of thin air.
He shook the long sword and directly threw it at Luo Yan.
It was impossible to gather killing intent in a place that wasn't under attack.
However, this was the Sword Race's territory. Who knew what methods this Sage had?
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face sank. Just as he was about to step in front of Luo Yan, Yu Taibai stopped him and said, "Don't be afraid. He won't harm Yan 'er."
Yu Taibai naturally wouldn't harm Luo Yan. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng retreated to the side.
Luo Yan stood motionless in the same place. Her calm eyes stared at Jian Wuhen who was walking with his sword.
"Huff …"
After a while, traces of white mist flickered in Luo Yan's eyes.
Gusts of wind spiraled around her …
An invisible aura spread out.
"True Dao Intent?"
Luo Zheng felt the aura emitted by his sister and immediately understood.
Jian Wuhen seemed to be using some method to test Luo Yan's True Dao Intent.
Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of True Dao Intent cultivation technique his sister cultivated.
However, he was ultimately proficient in the Dao of Nature's True Meaning.
He sensed that Luo Yan had probably comprehended the True Dao Intent to a profound level.
One step, two steps, three steps …
Jian Wuhen's long sword kept getting closer.
"Pop —"
When he was ten meters away from Luo Yan, everyone heard the sound of cloth tearing coming from the tip of his sword.
It was as if the aura emitted by Luo Yan had been sliced apart by Jian Wuhen's long sword!
Seeing this, Luo Yan simply closed her eyes and lowered her head to silently chant something …
Following which, the aura emitted from her body became stronger and stronger. Jian Wuhen's pace also became slower and slower.
However, in the end, the sword still pressed against Luo Yan's forehead. Jian Wuhen then flipped the sword behind him and it disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Chapter 2021
Yu Taibai seemed to have expected Jian Wuhen's reaction. He sighed. "Because she wasn't the original choice. But now, Yan 'er is the only choice. First Post [Reading Baoly] "
Jian Wuhen smiled and looked at Luo Zheng. "He should have been the first choice, right?"
"Yes." Yu Taibai nodded.
Only then did Jian Wuhen size up Luo Zheng.
Jian Wuhen had a rather deep impression of Luo Zheng during the Transit of the Sun Festival.
He could feel that Dongfang Chunjun really cherished talent at that time …
However, such a monstrous little fellow was actually Luo Xiao's son.
At that time, Jian Wuhen was also shocked.
"If I had chosen him, the chances would have been higher. But now, I have no other choice." Jian Wuhen looked regretful.
Luo Zheng suddenly opened his mouth and asked, "Pardon me for asking?"
"Please speak." Jian Wuhen nodded.
"Why aren't Great Perfection cultivators allowed to participate in this Dao Battle? Even a Quasi-sage like you, Sage, can't you also obtain the inheritance? "Luo Zheng said.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Jian Wuhen and Yu Taibai revealed bitter expressions.
Following which, Traceless Sword explained, "The Dao War is only targeted at the grassroots True Gods of the Deity Domain. Our ultimate goal is to obtain the skeleton's legacy and obtain the ability to control the entire Deity Domain …"
The Sword Race was the first to understand the secret of the skeleton.
After this race took over the Ruo Tree, they discovered the uniqueness of this Divine Tree.
Within the area where Ruo Mu was located, no one was allowed to make a move. This was also known to the world as a no-attack zone.
If one peeled off the surface of the Ruo Mu and entered the interior of the Ruo Mu, one would find a completely different region. It was called the Absolute Killing Ground by the Sword Race.
In fact, the so-called "non-attack" and "fatal blow" were just names that had been passed around.
The True Meaning of Dao emanating from the skeleton was the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought.
One thought was good, and the other was evil.
One thought from one shore to the other …
As the saying goes, good and evil can only be separated by a single thought. It is not surprising that there are two completely opposite true meanings inside and outside Ruo Mu.
Up until now, the Sword Tribe had only managed to open up an absolute killing zone within Ruo Mu.
The other Death Zones were still alright. Although they were dangerous, the Sword Race had their own countermeasures.
For example, at a critical moment, he could open up the surface of Ruo Mu and introduce the True Meaning of Good Thoughts into it to restrain the True Meaning of Evil Thoughts.
Luo Zheng had seen this scene in the Death Trap.
At the 60th god epoch, a two hundred mile wide crater suddenly appeared on the surface of Ruo Mu.
After the pit was broken, a huge worm that was over ten thousand miles long suddenly crawled out!
After the giant worm came out of Ruo Mu, it burst out with a shocking amount of evil thoughts. It could even resist the good thoughts outside of Ruo Mu.
With a sweep of its body, the Ancient Sword God City and the Ancient Sword God City were razed to the ground.
Although the giant worm was huge in size, it wasn't considered a ferocious creature to the Sword Tribe.
After all, the Sword Tribe had such a strong foundation. Back then, the Sword Tribe already had three Sages, including Jian Wuhen.
However, the three Sages and several Perfected True Gods could only watch as the giant worm destroyed everything.
Because of the True Meaning of Good Thoughts in the Death Zones, the Sages couldn't directly kill the giant worm.
However, Jian Wuhen quickly thought of a "stupid idea."
He waved his sword and released streams of True Fire, which turned into a flaming cage and trapped the giant worm.
Because Jian Wuhen's original intention wasn't to kill the giant worm, he naturally wouldn't be affected by the True Meaning of Good Thoughts.
The giant worm was forced by Jian Wuhen's True Fire and could only look around for a way out. Jian Wuhen purposely opened up a gap in the True Fire and guided the giant worm to advance on Ruo Mu.
Along the way, under careful guidance, Jian Wuhen finally lured the giant worm into another one of Ruo Mu's death zones.
The moment the giant worm entered the Death Trap, Jian Wuhen and the other two Sages of the Sword Tribe also entered.
Without the restraint of the True Meaning of Good Thoughts, the three Sages attacked one after another and wiped out the giant worm that was over ten thousand miles long.
After resolving this calamity, the Sword Tribe followed the giant hole that the giant worm had drilled out of and started to explore.
They didn't expect the hole to be so deep. It went all the way from the top of Ruo Mu's main trunk to a height of 30 million feet.
This was almost the distance from the top of Ruo Mu to the bottom of the sea.
In other words, the entire Ruo Mu's main trunk was hollow and there was another world inside.
After searching for a long time, the Sword Race finally found the skeleton. They also felt a powerful aura from the skeleton.
"At the beginning, we didn't know the true identity of the skeleton," Jian Wuhen said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan listened with great interest.
Not many people knew about the Sword Tribe's secret past. Today, Jian Wuhen recounted it in detail.
"Then, how did you know the skeleton's identity?" Luo Yan asked with a smile.
Jian Wuhen looked at Yu Taibai with a smile, as if this question should be answered by Yu Taibai.
Yu Taibai continued, "Master discovered it, or rather, Master and Sage Jiu discovered it together. They found a special Sanskrit. After deciphering that Sanskrit, they realized that the Realm of the Gods was actually a ship. At the same time, they knew that the captain of this ship was in the Western Pole, Ruo Mu."
Hearing this, Luo Yan said, "It seems that the biggest conflict between Father and Dongfang Chunjun came about because of this?"
"Yes, or rather, because of this matter, it was only one of the reasons." Yu Taibai nodded.
"Since you've already found the skeleton, why didn't you just take it away?" Luo Zheng asked.
Jian Wuhen smiled bitterly. "That's the skeleton of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse. How could it be so easy to take it away? It's still unknown how this Nirvana Realm powerhouse died in Ruo Mu, but he set up a powerful restriction inside! In front of such a powerful restriction, even a Sage would be as weak as an ant. Back then, I died under this restriction! "
"Died?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. "Aren't Sages immortal?"
"As long as the universe exists, Sages will not die." Jian Wuhen smiled. "Indeed. Otherwise, how could this old man be standing in front of you and talking to you? At that time, I perished just like your father, Luo Xiao, and I was in a half-dead state. Fortunately, Huan Yu was there to preserve my life …. "
"Since this restriction is so powerful that even a Sage would be killed, wouldn't ordinary True Gods be seeking death if they entered?" Luo Zheng asked again.

Chapter 2022
After the Sword Race took over Ruo Mu, they did not know of the existence of the skeleton. The First Message of Love
If the Sword Race were to search for the skeleton at the bottom of Ruo Mu bit by bit, it would probably take them a long time …
Perhaps it would take ten divine eras, perhaps ten thousand divine eras, or perhaps they would never discover that something was amiss.
True Gods and even Sages had broken free from the shackles of time and become eternal beings.
However, if the Godly Realm was destroyed, even the most eternal things would disappear in an instant …
A giant worm that suddenly appeared from Ruo Mu and inexplicably wreaked havoc for a while before being killed by the Sages. No matter how one looked at it, this matter was extremely inexplicable.
According to the Sanskrit that Luo Xiao and Sage Jiu had deciphered, they quickly came to an answer.
That giant worm had originally been deliberately created by the skeleton. Its goal was to let the Sword Race that lived on Ruo Mu discover its existence.
When they figured out the skeleton's intentions, they also understood that the inheritor the skeleton was looking for could only be a True God.
Moreover, such a True God required extraordinary comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao …
However, the races in the Godly Realm did not understand much about the True Meaning of Dao.
The Sword Race only started the "Dao Battle" after much consideration.
They had no way of testing the True Gods' comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao …
They could only use the True Meaning Spirit Sword to test the True Gods' sensitivity. These tests were actually done out of helplessness.
"Unfortunately, the Sword Race really wasted too much time …" When Yu Taibai said this, there was a faint hint of reproach in his tone.
A divine era's time was frighteningly long.
For so many divine eras, although the Sword Race held the "Dao Battle" outside, they were actually very stingy with the inheritance of the skeleton.
They did not wish for anyone outside the Sword Race to obtain the skeleton's inheritance.
However, the Sword Race had tested it countless times internally … and not a single True God was qualified to obtain it.
Until the last Dao Battle, the Sword Race still did as they pleased!
On the surface, all the True Gods in the Godly Realm participated in the Dao Battle and welcomed the various geniuses of the wealthy families.
However, in reality, they were quite conflicted …
Their general attitude was that if the Sword Race could not obtain it, then no one else could.
Until now …
Yu Taibai made the Sword Race understand the importance of inheritance.
If this continued, everyone would be finished!
Hearing Yu Taibai's reproach, Jian Wuhen could only laugh dryly. "As the Saint of the Sword Clan, I naturally have the best interests of my clan in mind. How could I watch such an important inheritance fall into the hands of an outsider?"
Yu Taibai didn't appreciate it at all and only said, "From the scale of chaos, we're all on the same boat."
"Therefore, this time, our Sword Tribe will do our best to help Luo Xiao's little girl obtain the inheritance." Jian Wuhen chuckled. Looking at how he flaunted his seniority, he did not have the slightest awareness of being a Saint …
Luo Yan smiled, her pretty face brimming with confidence. She said, "Don't worry, Yan 'er won't let you down this time!"
"I hope so." Jian Wuhen nodded.
Seeing Luo Yan so confident, Luo Zheng also sighed with emotion.
With this girl's talent, perhaps it wouldn't be long before she stepped into the Great Perfection Realm.
Yu Taibai and Jian Wuhen had placed all their hopes on her. As her older brother, he had to do his best to assist his younger sister in obtaining the inheritance …
…
…
The sun's trajectory in the divine territory was very strange.
The large fireball that could burn all things soared up from the Fusang Divine Tree and flew across the sky of the divine territory at an extremely fast speed.
Within two hours, it could cross hundreds of small regions. Within 24 hours, it could cross the entire divine territory and finally land on the edge of the Western Extremity Ruo Mu.
Standing on a high point in the Sword Transformation Divine City and looking to the west, one could see that half of the sky in the west was dyed with blood. The bright red light was like a sharp knife. Even a True God would feel pain in their eyes when they looked at it.
It was said that every time the sun set in the far west, it would burn all the roots at the edge of the Ruo Mu.
But within a day, the Ruo Mu would grow countless roots again and firmly take root in the sea …
Burn, grow, burn, and grow again …
This miraculous state continued for as many days as there were in the Divine Domain.
The upper True Gods who passed the second round of selection were selected one after another.
Just from the number of participants, many True Gods could already sense that the significance of this Dao Battle was very different.
In the past Dao Battles, there were at most fifty to sixty upper True Gods selected from the grassroots True Gods.
But this time, there were over a hundred people!
Apart from these grassroots True Gods, the disciples of the Floating Islands also entered the Sword Race's Floating Islands.
Through the Sword Race's Floating Islands' teleportation formation, they could reach the Sword Transformation Divine City in a very short time …
"Big brother, do I really have a nephew?" Luo Yan stared at Luo Zheng with wide eyes. It seemed that she was very interested in this topic.
"Of course," Luo Zheng replied.
"Oh …" Luo Yan tilted her head and said, "I wonder what I should give to my nephew when we meet."
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. That greedy little brat didn't refuse anyone. He was afraid that when the time came, Luo Yan would also be blackmailed by him.
"Sigh, I originally wanted to ask senior brother to bring me to Takeshi Xuan Forest, but he said it was too risky. Moreover, I've been forcing myself to cultivate that True Intent mental cultivation method …" Luo Yan shook her head as if she was regretful that she couldn't meet her nephew.
The True Intent mental cultivation method that Yu Taibai had left behind in Buzhou Spirit Mountain was originally meant for Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng didn't come. In the end, the heavy burden fell on Luo Yan.
After asking Luo Zheng about her nephew, Luo Yan quickly turned her attention to her sisters-in-law.
"Big brother, how many sisters-in-law do I have now?"
"Which one do you like the most …"
"Which one do you think is the most beautiful?"
"Hmm … compared to me?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were dazzled by this series of questions. He didn't know how to answer at all.
After a series of evasive answers, people from the Sword Clan finally came again …
Many people had already gathered in the main hall in the center of the Sword Transformation Divine City.
The elites from various wealthy and powerful families, as well as the upper-level Real Gods who were selected from the grassroots Real Gods, had all gathered there.
Most of the upper True Gods had a trace of uncontrollable excitement in their eyes.
Under Yu Taibai's lead, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan also stepped into the spacious main hall.
The moment the three of them entered, countless gazes were cast toward them. The originally noisy environment in the hall suddenly quieted down.
Most of the participants in the hall presumably knew Yu Taibai. Of course, they also knew Luo Zheng …
Nan Longhua stood at the edge of the hall. She was originally chatting with several other upper True Gods. When she saw Luo Yan, her eyes suddenly lit up. "Look, the extraordinary woman I was talking about, it's her! I don't know which first-tier family she's from. If it wasn't for her, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to pass the second round of selection. I'll go over and say hello first! Hehe! "

Chapter 2023
The True Gods in this hall were seated according to their order. Yan * Qing * Fu *
The Sword Tribe did not welcome Sages from other wealthy families to Ruomu Region.
Therefore, the wealthy families only sent Great Perfection Sages to escort their elite disciples.
Those gathered on the steps of the hall were all wealthy families' disciples. There were about 200 upper True Gods and a few Great Perfection Sages among them.
Below the steps, there were more than 100 upper True Gods.
Most of these 100 upper True Gods came from first-tier families. Many families had Great Perfection Sages or even Quasi-Sages. They were considered overlords in the Divine Realm.
However, in the eyes of the wealthy families' disciples, they were still considered grassroots.
"The two of you, we meet again!" Nan Longhua said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly at him. His eyes were fixed on the stairs.
There were many familiar faces on the steps …
For example, Dongfang Taiqing, Mu Xuerong, and Han Tianxiao.
Nan Longhua noticed Luo Zheng's gaze and thought that Luo Zheng was going to run up the steps. She hurriedly said, "Our seats are here. The seats above are for the wealthy families …"
Before he could finish his sentence, a clear, crisp, and cold voice rang out.
"What a coincidence. You've been hiding for two years. If you have the ability, then hide like a turtle for the rest of your life!"
Mu Xuerong was a Great Perfection Sages, but she could not directly participate in the Dao Battle. This time, she had come through the floating island and was wearing a light red palace dress.
Although her attire lacked some experience and murderous aura, this light red palace dress added a bit of bright and moving color …
However, the upper True Gods in the hall more or less knew that Mu Xuerong had a bad temper and was not to be trifled with. They only stole a few glances before looking away.
They hadn't expected that after the three of them entered the palace, Mu Xuerong would use a cold tone to make things difficult for them. They didn't know who these people were, but they actually dared to provoke the Mu family, and even dared to provoke the Mu family's Paragon?
Nan Longhua turned and saw Mu Xuerong walking down leisurely. She was shocked.
When she had first entered the hall, she did not recognize Mu Xuerong. It was only through the whispers of others that Nan Longhua knew this woman was the famous Mu Xuerong.
Nan Longhua's expression was very ugly. She asked in a low voice, "How did you provoke the Mu family?"
"It's none of your business," Luo Zheng reminded him lightly.
Nan Long Hua's mouth twitched. Although it would be shameful to retreat at this time, he knew that he could not afford to offend those people on the platform. If he didn't deal with them properly, it would bring disaster to the Nan Long Family. Therefore, he could only obediently retreat to the side.
Luo Zheng's gaze met Mu Xuerong's. He didn't say anything, but he stretched out his hand and made a grasping motion towards Mu Xuerong's face.
This action caused many people to be baffled …
However, Dongfang Taiqing, Tang Wan, and Fang Henshao understood the meaning behind this action.
When Luo Zheng had lifted Mu Xuerong's chin and said those words, it was probably the greatest humiliation Mu Xuerong had ever suffered in her life.
Even when Mu Xuerong had been repeatedly defeated by Yu Taibai in the Arena of Gods, she had never been so angry!
After being released from the Imperial Jade Seal by Luo Zheng, Mu Xuerong had been depressed for a long time before she was able to pull herself together.
"You!"
The blood vessels on Mu Xuerong's snow-white neck rapidly surged with blood.
Her beautiful face began to contort.
A strong killing intent gathered in her heart, but under the influence of the True Meaning of Benevolence in the non-attacking area, her killing intent quickly dissipated.
This process made Mu Xuerong feel extremely uncomfortable!
"What is the meaning of this?"
"How could a single action make Mu Xuerong so angry?"
Whether it was the upper True Divinities from the great clans or the lower True Divinities from the great clans, they were all whispering to each other.
This was especially true for Nan Long Hua. He thought that Luo Zheng was a mere lower True Divinity. In front of Mu Xuerong, he was as insignificant as an insect.
How could a single action make Mu Xuerong so angry?
Although the disciples of the great clans had more or less heard of what had happened in the Sea of Time, what had happened in the Imperial Jade Seal had not spread. They only knew that Luo Zheng had taken control of the Imperial Jade Seal and captured all the Paragons in one fell swoop. They didn't know what had happened in the Imperial Jade Seal.
After a while …
Mu Xuerong's emotions finally calmed down.
She raised her head and sneered, "Sooner or later, you will fall into my hands! At that time, I will cripple you and lock you up with my stupid little sister. I will torture you in front of her and make her understand what reality is. "
"Mu Ning? She's been locked up? "Luo Zheng frowned.
Mu Xuerong snorted and didn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
She didn't want to use this matter to provoke Luo Zheng. After all, in her eyes, it was a family scandal that shouldn't be spread.
Mu Xuerong was very disappointed with what had happened to Mu Ning in the Sea of Time. After she saw through Mu Ning's thoughts, she became even more furious.
She personally ordered Mu Ning to be locked up. Even now, Mu Ning was not allowed to take a single step out.
However, Mu Ning's personality was just as stubborn as her older sister. Even now, she refused to lower her head and admit defeat.
Mu Xuerong's gaze slowly shifted to Yu Taibai. She coldly said, "Your calculations are quite good. Unfortunately, you are destined to lose this time. Have you calculated your own fate?"
Yu Taibai's expression was as calm as water.
Ceng Jingbai Yu Taibai's strength was at the top of the Perfect True Gods.
Among the Perfect True Gods of the rich and powerful families, the only one qualified to fight him was Dongfang Taiqing.
Now that he had complete control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain, Yu Taibai's strength had increased by another level. He had completely pulled away from the Perfect True Gods and was able to fight against a Saint.
"Lose?" Yu Taibai only calmly asked, "How many times have you lost to me? I can't remember. Do you still remember?"
Hearing this, Mu Xuerong's gaze darkened. Then she thought of something and sneered, "Then I wish you success this time." Then she retreated to the steps.
On the steps, the upper True Gods of the Mu family, Dongfang family, Tang family, Fang family, and other families all looked over with hostile gazes.
Luo Yan followed behind Luo Zheng very quietly.
She was no longer that ignorant girl. She knew that her brother had almost died at the hands of this woman. She also knew that the other party had made ample preparations for this Path Battle …
When Yu Taibai brought Luo Zheng and Luo Yan up the steps and found a seat for the Luo family, Luo Yan suddenly leaned over and whispered, "Brother, during the Path Battle, I'm afraid that this group of people will target you."
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "Of course."
It wasn't the first time he had been targeted. It could be said that it had long become a habit.
"Yan 'er will protect big brother," Luo Yan said with a serious face, "Yan' er has the strength now. When we enter the killing zone, big brother will follow me. If anyone dares to make a move, Yan 'er will … kill them all."
A wisp of an unquestionable expression appeared on her pure, white, and gentle face.

Chapter 2024
Ever since Luo Zheng entered the hall, the atmosphere in the hall had changed.
More than half of the upper True Gods in the hall were participating in the Dao Battle for the first time. Similarly, they didn't think that the Dao Battle this time would be any different.
However, some of the insiders seemed to have guessed something when they saw Yu Taibai appear …
Perhaps the Dao Battle this time really was a little different!
The strange atmosphere in the hall lasted for a while until Jian Wuhen led the Sword Tribe members into the hall.
Jian Wuhen had a faint smile on his face. After entering the hall, his gaze landed on Dongfang Taiqing.
Then, he smiled slightly. "I'm sorry, but the quota given to the wealthy families by the Sword Tribe this time … will be reduced by half!"
"What?!"
The faces of the Perfected True Gods suddenly changed.
The upper True Gods were dumbfounded …
Especially Dongfang Taiqing. His eyes shone brightly as though he wanted to use his gaze to pierce through Jian Wuhen.
"According to the agreement, the Sword Tribe has always given each wealthy family six quotas. What do you mean by reducing it by half?" Dongfang Taiqing said coldly.
Dongfang Taiqing had a calm temperament. Naturally, he wouldn't be like Mu Xuerong, who grumpily argued with Luo Zheng and Yu Taibai. He was someone who only looked at the results.
He knew very well what this Dao Battle meant …
In this Dao Battle, what the Dongfang Family couldn't obtain, Yu Taibai wouldn't be able to either.
Therefore, the upper True Gods he brought were the top experts of the Dongfang Family!
The goal of these upper True Gods wasn't to obtain the inheritance of that skeleton. Instead, they were trying their best to eliminate all possible targets who could obtain the inheritance.
Naturally, this included Luo Zheng.
Jian Wuhen chuckled and glanced at Dongfang Taiqing indifferently. "What a joke. When did the Sword Tribe make such an agreement with the Dongfang Family? Does it have anything to do with the Tang Family? Does it have anything to do with the Mu Family? "
Jian Wuhen's aggressive questions stumped the group of Great Perfection Sovereigns.
Indeed, the Sword Tribe didn't make any agreements with the wealthy families.
Any True God in the God Territory had the right to participate in the Dao Battle. The Sword Tribe had never rejected anyone. As long as they could pass two tests, that was enough.
However, for some reason, the Sword Tribe suddenly gave the wealthy families many quotas.
Every floating island had six spots, and these spots were all selected through different selections.
However, this was something that the Sword Race had taken the initiative to give to him. It was just that the human heart was like this. After a long time, they began to take it for granted.
However, they had forgotten that the Sword Race was the one who had taken the initiative to give it to them. If they didn't want to give it to them, they naturally wouldn't give it to them …
"To be honest, I won't give you a single spot. Telling you to scram is my duty," said Jian Wuhen with a sneer.
Dongfang Taiqing, Mu Xuerong, and the others frowned …
The members of the Sword Race were generally very amiable. Even the Sages would not fall out with the group of Great Perfection Sovereigns.
Seeing Jian Wuhen's attitude, they understood that the Sword Race had already made their choice and stood on Yu Taibai's side.
Mu Xuerong wanted to say something tough, but Dongfang Taiqing pulled her aside and shook his head.
When one was under the eaves, one had no choice but to lower one's head. So what if Mu Xuerong tried to argue for what was right? If they angered Jian Wuhen and he really didn't give them a single spot, that would be the biggest problem.
The quota for each wealthy family would be halved … They still had quite a number of people, so at least they still had a good chance.
"It's already not bad to have half the spots," said Dongfang Taiqing sullenly.
"Hehe, that's good!"
Jian Wuhen glanced at all the gods in the hall and then said loudly, "Since everyone is participating in the Dao Battle, I'm sure you all understand the dangers of the Killing Grounds. The Dao Battle is the most dangerous Killing Grounds. What's protecting you in the Killing Grounds is not your strength, but your True Intent of the Dao. If you only have a few words of True Intent of the Dao, you can leave now. Don't curse me when you're about to die!"
"No one wants to leave, right?" Jian Wuhen asked again.
Although almost no True God was willing to give up this rare opportunity, the Sword Race still had to ask the same question every time.
After asking, Jian Wuhen waved his hand and said, "Let's go!"
Then, everyone left the hall one after another and arrived at the plaza at the entrance.
After Jian Wuhen left, he clapped his hands lightly.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Flying was prohibited on the Death Lands.
However, that was only for outsiders.
The Death Lands were so huge that it would take ten days to half a month for the Sword Race to run one round. If they were to run from one end to the other, it would take up to half a year.
The Sword Race could use a special flying sword Dharma treasure …
Jian Wuhen clapped his hands and countless flying swords immediately descended.
"Everyone, pick a flying sword. These flying swords don't need to recognize an owner. Just insert your divine sense into them and you'll be able to control them," said Jian Wuhen.
Luo Yan glanced at them and jumped lightly. He stood firmly on one of the flying swords.
Luo Zheng also slowly walked up to a flying sword and injected his divine sense into the sword body …
Buzz!
He felt the flying sword tremble slightly. Then, it gently floated up.
About half of the upper-level True Gods from the wealthy families had to stay.
There was no other reason. Jian Wuhen had prepared so many flying swords that the remaining True Gods couldn't go …
Seeing Jian Wuhen's arrangement, Dongfang Taiqing understood that Jian Wuhen had probably been plotting with Yu Taibai for a long time.
"Gui," Dongfang Taiqing suddenly shouted.
In front of him, a white-haired youth about thirty years old turned around and looked at Dongfang Taiqing.
Dongfang Gui was his younger brother …
However, he was specially selected by Dongfang Chunjun.
There was no other reason. Dongfang Gui was the most outstanding of the upper-level True Gods.
It could be said that Dongfang Gui was the most powerful person below the Great Perfection True Gods!
His goal was to kill the people Yu Taibai had brought with him …
They were Luo Yan and Luo Zheng.
Dongfang Taiqing couldn't guess who Yu Taibai would let inherit the skeleton. Thus, the best way was to kill both of them.
No matter whether Dongfang Gui could kill Luo Zheng or Luo Yan in the end … he would die.
This was probably the last time he would see his younger brother.
"Don't worry." Dongfang Gui's gaze swept past Luo Zheng and his sister. There was no contempt in his eyes. Then, he firmly stepped onto a flying sword.
When all the True Gods were ready on their flying swords, Jian Wuhen stepped on a flying sword and shot forward. At the same time, he left behind a voice, "Follow me!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Luo Zheng and the others also stepped onto their flying swords and flew out of Sword Transformation City with Jian Wuhen.

Chapter 2025
The surface area of Ruo Mu's trunk was too wide.
Looking from front to back, they couldn't see the end of it. Everyone sped along on their flying swords as if they were flying on an ordinary plain.
The only difference was that the ground below wasn't grassland, desert, or beach, but grayish-brown Ruo Mu's surface …
Although the Sword Transformation Divine City was the core city of the Sword Race, it wasn't located in the center of Ruo Mu, but a little to the north.
Now, everyone was heading south. After about three to five incense sticks of time, they saw a crack.
This crack was just a crack on Ruo Mu, but in front of everyone, it was like a huge canyon.
Jian Wuhen gently twisted the direction of his sword and began to fly along the crack.
The True Gods followed closely behind …
As they continued forward, the crack became wider and wider. At the same time, more and more cracks appeared in front of everyone.
These cracks intersected with each other and finally formed a huge gap. Only then did Luo Zheng realize what was going on.
This looked like a wound on Ruo Mu … Was it caused by that giant worm?
The huge gap was hundreds of miles wide. Standing on the flying sword and looking down, they couldn't see the bottom.
After a while, Jian Wuhen stopped in the middle of the gap. His words proved Luo Zheng's guess.
"We've reached our destination. Everyone, this is as far as I can send you. Below us is a huge hole with a vertical height of 30 million feet. It's very dangerous to go up. Those who want to give up can turn back now!" Jian Wuhen said indifferently.
None of the True Gods on the flying swords spoke. Only the whistling of the wind could be heard.
Since they had already come this far, no one would choose to give up.
Luo Yan's tall body stood upright on the flying sword. His face was filled with excitement.
Dongfang Gui, as well as the upper True Gods of the Mu Family, Tang Family, Fang Family, and other Wealthy Families, looked at Luo Zheng and Luo Yan darkly …
"Then, everyone can go down." Jian Wuhen's gaze passed through the crowd and looked at Luo Yan and Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "I wish you good luck."
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh …"
As the flying swords circled around, they began to descend.
Jian Wuhen watched as the Real Gods became smaller in his vision. Eventually, they turned into small black dots and disappeared into the huge gap.
He waited at the gap for a while, and then another twelve flying swords came from another direction!
These people were all dressed in white. Clearly, they were disciples of the Sword Race. Moreover, they were all upper True Gods.
"Greetings, Lord Wu Hen!"
The leader of the Upper True Gods knelt down on one knee on the longsword. The longsword didn't shake at all. Clearly, his Sword Controlling Technique had been cultivated to the peak.
"Greetings, Lord Wu Hen …"
The other eleven upper true gods also knelt down on one knee.
"You may dispense with the formalities." Jian Wuhen waved his hand gently and said, "The disciples of the various wealthy families have already gone down. It's your turn now. You are the most outstanding disciples of my Sword Race. I hope you won't disappoint me. "
"We will do our best," the leading upper true god said seriously.
"Jian Ao, if you can obtain the inheritance, you must do your best. This may be our last chance." Jian Wuhen continued, "If you can't obtain it, then do your best to assist the siblings Luo Zheng and Luo Yan! You must be most careful of the Wealthy Alliance, especially the Dongfang family … "
"Remember!" the True Gods replied in unison.
Jian Wuhen raised his hand, and streaks of blood light flickered.
They were crimson blood swords. The swords were suffused with a demonic red glow. One look and one could tell that they were some kind of evil sword.
The Sword Race was very particular about using swords. They disdained using evil methods and rarely used such evil swords.
When the True Gods saw these blood swords, their faces all trembled.
"I'll bestow twelve Disaster Swords to you. You can use them at critical times. You know the consequences of using these swords." Jian Wuhen revealed a hint of reluctance.
The Disaster Swords were invented by a consummate stage genius of the Sword Race 30 Divine Epochs ago. Because of this, that consummate stage genius was banished by the Sword Race. All of the Disaster Swords were sealed and forbidden from being used.
These swords were too evil. Using them would result in death. Moreover, they would be tortured to death by all kinds of disasters. It was too inhumane.
However, the Disaster Swords could greatly increase one's strength in a short period of time.
Jian Wuhen understood that this was their last chance, so he had no choice but to unseal the Disaster Swords and bestow them to the upper true gods.
Every upper true god came up to receive a Disaster Sword. They knew that after receiving the sword, they would become the Sword Race's sacrificial warriors. More or less, there was a hint of sorrow on their faces.
"Go." Jian Wuhen turned his head and didn't look at them.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The twelve upper true gods of the Sword Race also entered the gap.
"However, those who cultivate the Dao of the Sword are righteous and not evil for the sake of …"
Jian Wuhen's voice drifted far away with the wind and reached the ears of the Sword Race disciples …
…
…
After Luo Zheng entered the gap, the surrounding scenery dimmed.
After descending for about ten thousand feet, the true intent of kindness outside Ruo Mu could no longer be transmitted in. Instead, it was replaced by the true intent of evil.
"We've entered the absolute killing zone!"
Luo Zheng instantly felt as if the blood in his body was boiling. A powerful battle intent slowly emerged.
"Mm." Luo Yan nodded slightly.
She closed her eyes slightly and then opened them again.
A faint purple light shone from the depths of her pupils.
Because of this faint purple light, her beautiful face was instantly tainted with a hint of strangeness.
After entering the absolute killing zone, the other true gods also became vigilant. They stepped on their flying swords and slowly descended. At the same time, they spread out their divine senses and carefully observed their surroundings.
Even the absolute killing zone on the surface of Ruo Mu contained considerable danger. Moreover, this was the core of Ruo Mu's core.
The surroundings were quiet …
In this space, there wasn't even any air current.
"Look, a giant worm!"
An upper True God pointed at the cave wall by the side.
A giant worm appeared in everyone's line of sight.
This worm's length couldn't be seen at a glance. Its body was also ridiculously huge.
This vertical cave was already very wide, but this giant worm's fat and bloated body took up almost half of the space.
"This giant worm is sleeping …" a true god said softly.
"Don't be afraid. These giant worms have never woken up. They grow in their sleep and die in their sleep," another true god said.
As they continued descending on their flying swords, a second giant worm lying on the wall appeared in front of everyone's eyes.
As they continued descending, more and more giant worms appeared …
Thirty thousand feet …
Ten thousand feet …
Fifty thousand feet …
Rows of giant worms were sleeping. No one knew how many giant worms were sleeping in this abyss-like vertical tree hole.
When they descended to seventy thousand feet …

Chapter 2026
As they continued to descend, the stench became stronger and stronger …
Luo Yan's eyes flashed with purple light. She quietly warned, "Brother, there's danger. Slow down."
With that, Luo Yan lightly tapped the tip of her foot, and the sword moved down a body position.
If danger erupted, she could immediately block in front of Luo Zheng …
Seeing Luo Yan's small action, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He wasn't that weak in his sister's eyes, right?
After descending another five hundred feet, everyone finally saw the source of the stench.
"Heavens, a giant insect died!"
"So this giant insect's body rotted!"
A normal giant insect was pure green in color. It looked like a green vegetable insect that had been magnified thousands of times.
However, this giant insect had turned grayish-brown. Its hard shell was damaged and filled with holes of various sizes.
"Why did this giant insect die?" Someone revealed a curious expression.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, everyone suddenly heard the sound of something breaking through the air.
It turned out that it was the sword race disciples that had rushed over.
After the sword mastiff rushed over, his gaze quickly fell on Luo Zheng and Luo Yan. He faintly smiled and nodded to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't know Jian Wuhen's arrangements, but he knew that the sword race was standing with Yu Taibai this time. He also nodded in response.
"These larvae are the larvae of giant insects. From larvae to adults, they need dozens of god eras to hatch. In their insect form, they won't move at all." The sword mastiff glanced at the rotting insect and frowned. "This larva … won't resist. It should have been parasitized by another creature. A portion of its flesh was swallowed, and after it died, it began to rot …"
"What creature?" A True God immediately asked cautiously.
"Tooth cicada," the sword mastiff indifferently replied.
"Aren't cicada-type vicious insects very noisy? This tooth cicada can't make a sound? "A True God asked.
The Exploding Cicada, Night Light Cicada, and Water Worm Cicada were all very powerful. However, they left a deep impression on people because of their ear-piercing sounds.
This was especially true for the Explosive Cicada, whose most powerful attack was its suicidal attack.
When the fist-sized cicada exploded, the sound waves it produced were enough to turn everything within a hundred miles of the Divine Realm into dust.
If it was placed in the universe, it could probably destroy a great world.
Hearing the sword mastiff say 'tooth cicada' and how quiet this place was, there were naturally people who were suspicious.
"Yes." Sword Mastiff knew that some people would question him, so he only reminded them, "Tooth Cicadas don't make any noise, but they are more troublesome than other insects. Our Sword Tribe only has the ability to protect ourselves. Everyone, please be careful …"
Just as he finished speaking.
Suddenly, a soft popping sound came from the rotten giant worm's body.
In this kind of environment, everyone was originally a little nervous. Coupled with the Sword Mastiff's words, everyone held their breaths and focused. They were immediately startled by this sound.
Everyone could only see that a piece of hard shell on the giant worm's decaying body had exploded, and a little bit of yellowish-brown corpse gas spurted out …
"It's just ordinary corpse gas, hehe," a dark-faced old man said with a smile.
Many corpses would emit a rotten corpse gas after being stored for a long time. Moreover, this giant worm's body was so huge that its tissues had been constantly decaying and changing. It was already filled with corpse gas, so it was normal for it to crack under pressure …
Just as the dark-faced old man finished speaking with a smile, a black light flashed in the darkness at an astonishing speed.
"Whoosh, pa!"
The dark-faced old man's entire body trembled slightly. Then, his arms drooped down, and a small round hole appeared on his forehead, with blood gushing out.
"Hehe, hahahaha …"
Suddenly, the dark-faced old man began to laugh wildly. He stood on the flying sword, swaying nonstop as he laughed maniacally.
"Huff, huff …"
At the same time, an extremely powerful energy faintly shot out from his abdomen. That was the precursor to his dantian exploding!
The inner world of an upper True God was already very perfect, and the space inside was also very large. If it exploded, the power would be unimaginable.
From the moment the black light shot into the dark-faced old man's mind to his dantian exploding, it had only been an instant. No one could stop it in time.
"Let's go!"
"This guy is going to explode!"
The other True Gods all fled and shot downwards.
Some upper True Gods had even abandoned their flying swords. Flying was not restricted in the Death Grounds, and Sword Kinesis Flight was a burden to them.
"Puchi!"
Seeing that the dark-faced old man was about to explode, a figure quickly rushed over. He reached out and gently grabbed the dark-faced old man's head, directly twisting it off!
The dark-faced old man was left with a headless body. The rapid energy reaction in his dantian slowly dissipated, and the self-explosion was stopped.
Then, the headless body gently flipped over and fell directly from the sword into the endless abyss …
At this time, everyone could clearly see the figure. It turned out to be the upper True God of the Dongfang family, Dongfang Gui!
"After this tooth cicada shoots into the mind, it can instantly swallow the soul, then gain control of the body and directly explode your dantian." Dongfang Gui's gaze swept across everyone and finally stopped on Luo Zheng. "If anyone is parasitized by this tooth cicada, don't blame me for being merciless."
From Dongfang Gui's point of view, it would be best if Luo Zheng or Luo Yan were parasitized by the tooth cicada. That way, he could logically kill them.
Everyone's face sank slightly.
No one wanted to become like the dark-faced old man and become a brainless body.
However, this tooth cicada's speed was too fast. There was almost no time to react. Although this giant diamond-shaped worm was a larva, its body was tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of feet long. It was too dangerous to continue down!
Jian Ao's brows slightly furrowed.
He had to be especially wary of this Dongfang Gui. This person was an upper True God of the Dongfang family. The True Gods of the Tang family, Fang family, and other Grand Alliance should also listen to him. Just now, Dongfang Gui's speed was so fast that Jian Ao was very wary.
At this time, everyone heard a soft "pop" sound again.
Almost all the upper True Gods' hearts suddenly jumped at the same time. Every nerve in their body tensed up.
"Xiu!"
Another jet of black light shot out.
"Shua!"
This time, Jian Ao saw it clearly.
Seeing that jet of black light still shooting out in midair, Jian Ao had already made his move.
His sword was extremely fast.
From drawing the sword to attacking and then sheathing the sword, it was originally three actions.
However, when it came to Jian Ao, it became one action …
When he sheathed his sword, everyone heard a crisp "ding" sound. The jet of black light shuttling back and forth in the air split into two. Jian Ao had cut it in half.

Chapter 2027
The sword mastiff's sword was unimaginably fast.
If it was used by an upper true god, no one would be able to dodge it …
"These tooth cicadas aren't very scary. It's fine as long as they don't enter your brain. Everyone, follow me down," the sword mastiff said to the true gods.
After saying that, he lightly stepped on the long sword under his feet, and his whole body shot down vertically, toward the ground below.
Although Jian Wuhen had instructed the sword mastiff to protect the Luo siblings, if they couldn't even make it through this place, then there was no value in protecting them.
After all, there were many dangers along the way. They were too weak and didn't have the right to get close to the skeleton.
They might as well place their hopes on their own people …
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
The remaining eleven sword clan disciples followed the sword mastiff and dived down.
The other upper true gods, such as Nan Long Hua, saw the sword mastiff's valiant attack and instantly felt that he was brave and reliable. They would be able to protect their lives if they followed him, so they all followed.
"Brother, let's go." Luo Yan smiled as if he didn't think much of the sword mastiff's attack. Then, he added to Luo Zheng, "No matter what happens, just hide behind me!"
Luo Zheng smiled and followed behind Luo Yan.
The speed at which these two hundred upper true gods were descending became faster and faster. Some upper true gods even kicked their flying swords to the side and allowed themselves to fall freely. They were plummeting downwards.
The tooth cicadas were hidden in the body of the larvae. As long as a living being passed by, they would turn into a black light and shoot out.
The sword mastiff at the front held the sword sheath in one hand and the sword hilt in the other. His eyes were bright.
"Pop …"
Every time the larvae's skin broke open.
The sword mastiff's right hand moved slightly and a sharp sword light shot out, cutting the tooth cicadas in half.
At the beginning, there weren't many tooth cicadas. Every time they descended a thousand feet, one or two tooth cicadas would jump out.
After descending for a while, more and more tooth cicadas shot out of the larvae's body. The sword mastiff's attack speed also became faster and faster. Occasionally, there would be a fish that slipped through the net. However, the sword clan disciples would take advantage of the situation and attack …
Looking at the sword clan's disciples being so fierce, the upper true gods following behind them were instantly relieved.
"This place is only so-so."
"Those Tooth Cicadas are only fast. As long as I raise my guard, I can also kill them …"
"Eh? The Tooth Cicadas have all disappeared?"
An Upper True God said. Only then did everyone realize that the Sword Mastiff had stopped attacking.
Luo Zheng glanced at Ruo Ling Xiao, who was hanging on the cave wall, and frowned.
It was unknown how long this larva-like body was …
Since the insect was dead, its body should have been eaten by the Tooth Cicadas. Logically speaking, these Tooth Cicadas should be all over the body of the Ruo Ling larva. It was impossible for them to suddenly disappear.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Sword Mastiff was also thinking about the same thing.
It was not the first time the Sword Mastiffs had entered this place, and the Tooth Cicadas were not unique to this place.
Before the Sword Tribe took over Ruo Mu, the Tooth Cicadas were already widespread.
If these Tooth Cicadas hunted some large ferocious creature, they would immediately kill the creature's soul. Then, they would gradually erode the creature's body and reproduce in the body.
According to the Sword Tribe's understanding of the Tooth Cicadas, these ferocious insects even had their own tribes. Different tribes of Tooth Cicadas would fight with each other and use the creature's body as a battlefield!
The Tooth Cicadas would only leave after every piece of the large creature's body was completely devoured.
The Ruo Ling larva was so huge. Looking at the extent of its decay, it must have been dead for a long time. This situation was not right.
When the Sword Mastiff descended another few thousand feet …
He suddenly heard a "pop" sound.
The Sword Mastiff instinctively looked at the Ruo Ling larva.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …"
The Ruo Ling larva's skin was constantly being peeled open. Many small black cicadas crawled on the surface of the Ruo Ling larva, motionless.
At this moment, everyone could clearly see the original appearance of these Tooth Cicadas.
There were circles of red patterns on the jet-black shell of the Tooth Cicadas. A pair of wings were like two sharp swords. There was also a pair of awl-like spikes on the head of the Tooth Cicadas. Those were their long teeth.
These Tooth Cicadas did not attack immediately!
However, many of the upper True Gods' faces were already pale. There were simply too many of them!
Seeing this scene, the Sword Mastiff's face suddenly turned ugly. He finally recalled something …
"The Tooth Cicada King has been born. Everyone … I wish you all the best!"
The Tooth Cicadas themselves did not have intelligence. However, the Tooth Cicada King did.
These small ferocious insects were not scary individually. However, if there were a large number of them, they would be very difficult to deal with.
If a Tooth Cicada King was born from the Tooth Cicadas and commanded these Tooth Cicadas, it would be a disaster.
In history, the sword race had killed many Tooth Cicada Kings. Every time a Tooth Cicada King appeared, many sword race disciples would be killed or injured!
The Sword Mastiff did not expect that a Tooth Cicada King would appear in this Dao battle.
Just as he finished speaking …
Even more Tooth Cicadas crawled out of the Ruo Ling larva's shell. Their skin was on the rotten body, awaiting orders. They did not attack.
"Charge down!"
"Huff, huff …"
Following the Sword Mastiff's command, no one hesitated. They all shot down at their fastest speed!
At the same time, all the Tooth Cicadas transformed into streaks of black light and shot toward the upper True Gods …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Every Tooth Cicada was a lethal hidden weapon.
They transformed into thousands of black lines and charged toward the True Gods!
"Be careful!"
"Pa!"
Just as one of the upper true gods shouted out a warning, a small bloody hole appeared on his forehead.
"Boom!"
A breath later, that upper True God's dantian flashed with a blue light. His entire body suddenly exploded and transformed into a huge fireball.
No one paid any attention to this self-destructing upper True God …
In such a chaotic situation, every True God could only protect themselves. They could only dive down.
The purple light in Luo Yan's eyes grew brighter and brighter. As an upper True God, she could also fly. Naturally, she abandoned the flying sword under her feet and grabbed Luo Zheng's hand.
"They're here!"
Not far away, sixty to seventy streaks of black light arrived in an instant. Her curved eyebrows slightly furrowed.
Luo Zheng was already prepared to attack …
These Tooth Cicadas were only formidable in terms of speed. If he really wanted to kill them, they might not be able to stop him!
However, he heard Luo Yan spit out a single word.
"Destroy."
Luo Zheng felt that something strange was happening.
The Tooth Cicadas that were shooting over seemed to have lost their lives in the instant that Luo Yan spat out that single word. They all plummeted to the ground.

Chapter 2028
"Is this the true Absolute Command?"
Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
What he knew about Luo Yan was only the Extreme Purple Yin Physique.
Luo Zheng didn't know much about what Luo Yan had cultivated in the Realm of the Gods.
A few days ago, when Luo Zheng asked, Luo Yan had been evasive …
Apart from this, when Luo Zheng asked about his mother, Luo Yan also answered vaguely.
The current Luo Zheng couldn't see through this sister of his.
But even if it was the Absolute Command, there had to be energy fluctuations …
For example, when the "Grand Ruling Art" was cultivated to the extreme, it could also be used to create laws with one's words. However, that was a special technique that merged the divine path and spiritual attacks together. If one looked at it separately, it was still a kind of spiritual attack.
Now, Luo Yan had decided the life and death of these tooth cicadas with a single word. Such a technique.
As the tooth cicadas shot down, Luo Zheng looked at the back of his sister's snow-white neck and fell into deep thought.
"Rumble!"
"Rumble …"
Apart from Luo Zheng, no one else had noticed Luo Yan's technique just now.
The scene was really too chaotic.
Upper True Gods were constantly being possessed by tooth cicadas and then self-destructed.
Under the self-destruction, it was very likely that other True Gods would be injured. Once injured, they couldn't escape the attack of the tooth cicadas, which triggered a chain of self-destruction …
But the ones who died were the upper True Gods of the first-tier clans.
The rich and powerful clans had made considerable preparations to participate in the Dao Battle this time.
In the face of such a sudden crisis, they naturally used their life-saving techniques one after another!
For example, a flock of palm-sized birds appeared on Dong Fang Gui's chest. There were about twenty of them.
These birds flew back and forth, shuttling back and forth around him like shuttles. Whenever a tooth cicada approached, these birds would stretch out their slender beaks and gently pick up the tooth cicadas, bringing them into their beaks.
As for the three upper True Gods of the Bai Clan, they formed a triangle. Under the three of them, rays of sharp light shrouded them.
No matter how fast the Tooth Cicadas collided, the sharp triangular light remained unmoved, completely isolating all the Tooth Cicadas outside …
Although the True Gods of the first-tier families were well-prepared, their inheritances were much weaker than those of the wealthy families.
Some upper True Gods used all of their methods, but they were still unable to stop the Tooth Cicadas. In the end, the Tooth Cicadas drilled through their heads and detonated their dantians. Even in death, they were unable to leave behind a complete corpse.
Rumble … Rumble …
The speed at which everyone was descending was getting faster and faster, and the sounds of Dantian exploding were getting more and more frequent.
"Everyone, hold on a little longer!"
The Sword Mastiff gritted its teeth and shouted.
Every time he attacked with his sword, there would be dozens of silver lights flashing, instantly cutting hundreds of Tooth Cicadas into pieces.
But even more Tooth Cicadas turned into black lights, like hidden weapons in the dark night, sweeping towards them …
"Pu!"
The Sword Mastiff suddenly heard a muffled sound coming from not far away.
"Mo Chen!"
He saw Mo Chen of the Sword Race tremble, and a small bloody hole appeared in the center of his forehead.
Sword Mastiff's heart turned cold. The sword in his hand trembled as he slashed at Mo Chen.
Before Mo Chen could self-detonate, that ray of silver light had already chopped his head off …
The Sword Race had finally lost its first disciple!
"How could this be!"
Mo Chen was not weak. Although he did not belong to the same lineage as the Sword Mastiff, they were on good terms.
Seeing Mo Chen die, the Sword Mastiff was extremely frustrated.
In the past, the path at the beginning of the Dao Contest had been relatively smooth. Under normal circumstances, there would not be much danger at all. Not long after, they had encountered such a huge crisis. Could it be that everyone was really going to die in this Dao Contest?
Swish swish swish swish …
As they continued forward, the number of Tooth Cicadas did not decrease. Instead, there were more of them.
The black Tooth Cicadas were like a storm, shooting at the True Gods without any blind spots …
No matter how fast the Sword Mastiff's sword was, it was impossible for him to kill all the Tooth Cicadas. As long as there were a few fish that escaped the net, his own life would be in danger.
Just as the Sword Mastiff was in despair …
Luo Yan had already arrived at the bottom of the group from the top.
"The Luo siblings are fine." Seeing that the siblings were unharmed, the Sword Mastiff was slightly comforted.
He had originally thought that these Tooth Cicadas were a test for the siblings. He did not expect that the siblings would be so smart and not be harmed by the Tooth Cicadas.
"Hide behind me! Don't be rash! "the Sword Mastiff shouted loudly.
Her slender fingers gently intertwined and placed by her mouth. Then, she spat out another word.
"Entangle."
This time, Luo Zheng still did not make a move.
He let Luo Yan rush to the front, but he was also constantly observing the surrounding movements. Once a Tooth Cicada shot out, he would immediately make a move.
At the same time, Luo Zheng was also secretly observing Luo Yan.
"She spat out another word, and her voice does not have any fluctuations of emotion. It's as if she didn't say it …"
The moment Luo Yan spat out that word …
In the space around everyone, small whirlpools appeared.
Hundreds …
Thousands …
Tens of thousands …
These whirlpools were only the size of a fist, but they emitted an extremely strong gravitational force. Countless Tooth Cicadas were firmly sucked in, fixed in the air, and slowly rotated.
She maintained the same posture, and the vortex continued to appear around everyone.
Countless Tooth Cicadas shot out, but in the end, they all inevitably fell into the small whirlpools …
Originally, those upper True Gods were extremely nervous. Now that they suddenly discovered that these mysterious small whirlpools had appeared around them, a strange expression appeared on their faces. Many people did not even know where these whirlpools came from!
"It's her!"
"It's the woman below!"
Very quickly, someone discovered Luo Yan.
Although there was still not the slightest fluctuation of energy on her body, these people immediately confirmed it.
"This woman … is powerful, very powerful. She saved me five times before!"
This time, Nan Longhua was also frightened, but when he saw Luo Yan make a move again, he immediately became excited.
"You …"
Jian Ao looked at Luo Yan not far away, and the expression on his face was extremely interesting.
The magical power that Luo Yan used might not be considered powerful, but it was extremely incredible!
He suddenly understood that the Sword Tribe must have given sufficient consideration to be able to assign the task of inheriting the skeleton to the Luo siblings. Jian Wuhen was not a fool.
The strength of this pair of siblings was definitely beyond his imagination!
As they continued to descend, whirlpools constantly appeared around everyone, attracting thousands of Tooth Cicadas. Although these Tooth Cicadas were not killed, these Tooth Cicadas were unable to move.
This state lasted for the time it took to burn an incense stick.

Chapter 2029
The speed at which the upper True Gods were descending gradually slowed down.
Nan Longhua and the other upper True Gods heaved a sigh of relief at the same time …
They were really unlucky this time. They had just entered the tree hole in the middle of Ruo Mu when they encountered such a crisis.
"It's really a narrow escape!"
"I almost died. A tooth cicada almost slid across my forehead!"
"I wonder how many people died?"
The upper True Gods all had expressions of joy on their faces.
"There were a total of 47 explosions. Including the one whose head was ripped off by Dong Fang Gui, a total of 48 people died," said an upper True God not far away.
Not all of the upper true gods were panicking.
Some upper True Gods had experienced unimaginable hardships and were indifferent to life and death. In such a dangerous situation, they still had the time to take note of these things.
Luo Zheng looked at that upper-level true god with some surprise. Just now, Luo Zheng was also counting the number of people who had died.
The number of people who died was indeed 48. Among them, 43 were from first-tier families and five were from wealthy families.
The upper True God was very thin and small. His appearance was not conspicuous at all. His pair of soybean-sized eyes were bright and full of expression. Luo Zheng did not know which family he came from.
The long sword under Jian Ao's feet turned gently and turned into a ray of white light. He came in front of Luo Yan and cupped his hands to Luo Yan. "Thank you for just now. If you had not taken action, I'm afraid there would be more people who died."
Jian Ao was basically certain now.
The most important person in the Luo family should be Luo Yan.
According to Jian Ao's calculations, if Luo Yan had not taken action, at least half of the sword clan's disciples would have died in the face of so many tooth cicadas. Jian Ao himself might even have died!
After all, the tooth cicadas were the most numerous. The densest part of the journey was all because of Luo Yan's protection.
"Mm." Luo Yan's response was somewhat indifferent.
Sword Mastiff didn't care about Luo Yan's attitude. Since they had been chosen by Jian Wuhen, the 12 most outstanding upper True Divinities of the Sword Race were already prepared to die.
After returning, he used a true essence sound transmission to say to the remaining 10 sword race juniors, "The next mission is to protect Luo Yan. You can give up on anyone else. If anyone tries to attack Luo Yan, you must do everything in your power to kill them!"
The disciples of the Sword Race understood. Their thoughts were similar to the sword mastiff's.
"What about Luo Zheng?" A disciple of the Sword Race asked via voice transmission.
Sword Mastiff glanced indifferently at Luo Yan, who was standing behind Luo Zheng, and smiled faintly. "Although this kid's reputation on the floating island is resounding, and he has even defeated a group of Paragons before, he's still just a lower True God in the end. Don't mind him too much."
It wasn't that the Sword Mastiff was looking down on Luo Zheng.
Although it was indeed inconceivable that Luo Zheng had managed to snatch the imperial jade seal from a group of Paragons, everyone believed that Luo Zheng had succeeded by chance.
However, everyone believed that Luo Zheng had only succeeded by chance. It was definitely not a reflection of his strength. Any Great Perfection expert could easily kill Luo Zheng …
Even the upper True Gods didn't put Luo Zheng in their eyes.
In comparison, Dongfang Gui and the upper True Gods of the Wealthy Clan Alliance were completely different.
Dongfang Gui's lips moved slightly. Clearly, he was also giving instructions. His eyes occasionally glanced at Luo Yan with a faint trace of fear …
"Yan 'er, you're amazing."
After everyone continued to descend, Luo Zheng praised her.
Luo Yan's indifferent expression changed. Her beautiful face immediately bloomed with a brilliant and proud smile. "Yan 'er, this isn't the only area where you're amazing!"
Luo Zheng was very curious about her divine ability. However, he also knew that this wasn't the time to discuss this. Thus, he didn't pursue the matter.
After passing by that rotten larva, the vertical tree hole regained its tranquility.
Everyone maintained a uniform speed as they descended …
After experiencing the battle just now, everyone maintained a considerable amount of vigilance.
"Drip, drip …"
As they continued to descend, the sound of water dripping suddenly reached everyone's ears.
"What the hell is that?"
Someone muttered.
In this damned place, they could encounter all sorts of random things. They were already somewhat jittery.
However, when Jian Ao's gaze swept down, his face revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.
"It's the Aqua Spring! I didn't expect it to really appear … "
Hearing Jian Ao's words, the other upper True Gods' eyes slightly jumped.
The Aqua Spring was born in the middle section of the Aqua Spring. It took a hundred years for a pot to be produced. This item was extremely rare even within the Sword Clan.
Releasing the Aqua Spring in one's inner world could benefit all living things within one's inner world. Not only that, this spring water was the favorite of all alchemists and blacksmiths. It could be said to be the Water of All Spirits …
Thus, its price in the Divine Realm was extremely high!
Some people within the Sword Clan guessed that there would be a large amount of Aqua Spring inside the Aqua Spring.
However, in the past Dao Battles, no True God had discovered the Aqua Spring!
"Drip, drip, drip …"
As everyone descended, they saw small protruding platforms around the cave walls. There were depressions on these platforms, and the depressions were filled with aqua green liquid.
Every time a drop of Aqua Spring dripped down, the liquid would create a slight ripple.
"So much!"
"Why is there suddenly so much Aqua Spring …"
"…"
Some of the True Gods became agitated and rushed forward.
The disciples of the Sword Tribe frowned.
The Aqua Spring was extremely precious even to the Sword Clan. Since there was so much Aqua Spring here, it should belong to the Sword Clan.
However, in the Dao Battles, if they were to interfere, it would probably cause a dispute …
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and stood at the edge of a platform.
Luo Zheng had seen this Aqua Spring before.
Back in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, when the Craftsman Saint forged his body, he used up a bottle of Aqua Spring.
Although Luo Zheng was unable to move at that time, he could see that the Craftsman Saint was clearly distressed when he took out the Aqua Spring.
One could imagine the value of something precious to the Craftsman Saint.
After breaking through to the Lesser True God Realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation stopped growing.
For other True Gods, after condensing their Godhood, they would continue to expand their inner world.
At the same time, the clouds formed by the True Essence Sea in their inner world would condense within the Godhood … As long as they made another breakthrough in the Divine Dao, it would be extremely natural for them to condense the Godhood of an Intermediate True God.
However, all of this became complicated when it came to Luo Zheng.
The Primal Chaos energy could not condense into the Godhood …
Did he have to search for the brown mud to continue to advance?
Now, he couldn't even figure out what the Shenwu Coins could do for him …
He had heard that if the Aqua Spring was drunk directly, it would greatly benefit the living beings in his inner world. Naturally, he would give it a try.

Chapter 2030
There were more than twenty platforms of various sizes filled with the spring water.
Luo Zheng's reaction was relatively quick. As soon as he arrived, he occupied the largest platform, which naturally attracted the attention of others.
The one who spoke was the Tang Family's upper true god, Tang Xiuqi.
This person was eight feet tall and had bronze skin. Among the upper true gods in the Arena of Gods, he was ranked in the top thirty. His strength was not to be underestimated.
The Tang Family was good at refining tools, and Tang Xiuqi's Tang Family was famous for it!
He valued the value of the spring water more than the other true gods.
Tang Xiuqi's reaction was slightly slower. Seeing these guys occupy the platforms, he immediately became anxious.
When they looked again, Luo Zheng had actually occupied the largest platform, so how could they restrain themselves?
"Idiot …"
Seeing Tang Xiuqi go up to Luo Zheng to cause trouble, Dongfang Gui cursed in his heart.
Before participating in the Dao Battle, the Paragons of the Wealthy Alliance and the accompanying true gods conspired together.
Now was not the time to make a move …
Although the Dongfang Family was the leader of the Wealthy Alliance, Dongfang Gui was only an upper true god.
The Tang Family's Tang Xu and Tang Jie were still fine …
An impulsive guy like Tang Xiuqi might not listen to him!
"Where are you?"
Luo Zheng glanced at Tang Xiuqi indifferently.
Luo Yan, who was floating behind Luo Zheng, quietly leaned on Luo Zheng's shoulder. A trace of ridicule appeared on her face. "Asking my brother to scram? Are you looking for death?"
Tang Xiuqi's expression immediately sank. Although Luo Yan's method was very special and could actually entangle all the Tooth Cicadas, her true strength was hard to say. He was not necessarily afraid of this pair of siblings!
However, he did not have much confidence in fighting one against two.
He raised his head and said, "Tang Jie, Tang Xu! Are you planning to watch the show? "
Not far away, two people shot over.
One of them was a middle-aged man with a flushed face. It was Tang Jie. The other was a handsome youth, Tang Xu.
"I really don't know who's the one courting death …" Tang Xiuqi summoned his two brothers. Naturally, his confidence was greatly boosted. He looked at Luo Yan and grinned evilly.
However, Tang Jie and Tang Xu were much calmer than Tang Xiuqi.
"Shuqi, although this Wakamu Spring is precious, it's not very important!" Tang Jie said.
"Yes, we have more important things to do," Tang Xu said bluntly.
Their so-called important task was to prevent others from obtaining the inheritance of the skeletons in the Land of Dao Struggle.
Whether or not he could obtain it was secondary, but he definitely couldn't let anyone else obtain it, especially the people from the Luo Clan …
Unfortunately, Tang Xiuqi's temperament was extremely stubborn. Even if these two brothers of his didn't help him, they actually advised him to retreat. He couldn't put down his face for a while.
"The Tang family doesn't have cowards like you," he scolded angrily. Unexpectedly, he took the initiative to make a move against Luo Zheng. He was thinking that as long as he made a move, Tang Xu and Tang Jie wouldn't just stand by and watch.
Once the two of them made a move, the True Gods of the Dongfang Family and the Fang Family would most likely have to make a move as well.
In any case, it wasn't a bad choice to get rid of these two siblings first.
Although Tang Xiuqi looked brainless, he had actually calculated all of this.
However, Tang Xiuqi had miscalculated one thing. He still underestimated Luo Yan's strength.
Just as Tang Xiuqi's voice fell, a smile suddenly appeared on Luo Yan's face. The purple light in his eyes was like a snake's tongue, constantly flicking in and out.
This purple light was an extremely dangerous light …
"If you're not a coward, you can make a move," Luo Yan suddenly said with a smile.
"Is that so …" How could Tang Xiuqi endure Luo Yan's provocation?
Just as he was about to make a move, he heard Luo Yan softly spit out a word.
"Break."
At this moment, Tang Xiuqi stretched out his arm and the shadow of a sledgehammer slowly condensed in his hand. This sledgehammer was definitely Tang Xiuqi's life treasure.
However, the shadow of the sledgehammer had only condensed halfway …
He felt a warm feeling coming from his neck.
Then, his body suddenly became light. From his neck down, his body was actually separated from his brain. The warm feeling was caused by the blood crazily spurting out the moment his neck was broken!
An upper True God's bones were more solid.
Even if a small finger bone was broken, it would produce a loud sound.
It wasn't easy to cut an upper True God's neck. After all, an upper True God's bones were comparable to a grade-less grandmist treasure.
Now, after Luo Yan spat out a word, his neck was strangely broken. Everyone, including Luo Zheng, was stunned at this moment.
Luo Zheng also didn't expect Luo Yan to make a move without any warning. This sister …
If he had a weapon in hand and moved at the fastest speed, Luo Zheng was ninety percent sure that he could cut Tang Xiuqi's neck off.
However, Luo Zheng still couldn't understand Luo Yan's method.
How did this guy's neck break …
"Xiuqi!"
"Xiuqi!"
Tang Jie and Tang Xu's expressions changed drastically.
Seeing Tang Xiuqi's head separated from his body, Tang Jie shot down and grabbed Tang Xiuqi's body.
On the other side, Tang Xu also grabbed Tang Xiuqi's head.
Being separated from one's body wasn't fatal to a True God. However, if it was separated for too long, it would hurt the body and internal world …
"There's no need to save him." Luo Yan said softly with a cold expression. She aimed at Tang Xiuqi's head and spat out the word, "Destroy."
When her voice was softly uttered …
Tang Xiuqi's eyes were still open, and his face was filled with fear. In an instant, all signs of life disappeared from his head.
The pupils of that pair of eyes that were filled with fear instantly dilated. All of the life force in that pair of eyes dissipated. That person had actually died.
"This …"
"You!"
The two Tang Family's experts fell into a panic.
Jian Ao and the Sword Race's experts stood guard at the side. When they saw Luo Yan's method, their faces were filled with disbelief.
Just spitting out two words was enough to kill an upper True God. This woman's method was too …
Dongfang Gui, who was not far away, was still able to maintain his composure. However, the True Gods of the Fang, Leng, and Mu families all had ugly looks on their faces. If Luo Yan was really that strong, then the mission given to them by their superiors would be impossible to complete.
Luo Yan's expression was calm.
However, that pair of purple glowing eyes was filled with coldness.
She slowly sat on the edge of the platform and looked at the True Gods present. She said indifferently, "No matter what your goal is, if you provoke my brother, you'll end up like this guy."
Nan Longhua looked at Luo Yan and felt a chill in her heart.
This woman had looked so gentle and cute before. Who would have thought that once she was provoked, she would be so terrifying …

Chapter 2031
Luo Yan was like a goddess who ruled over life and death, cold and powerful.
However, the moment she sat down beside Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng noticed that her fingers trembled slightly.
Noticing this small detail, Luo Zheng faintly smiled and quietly said with a true essence sound transmission, "Yan 'er is a bit nervous, don't force yourself. Big Brother can handle it."
Luo Yan hadn't experienced much killing, and this was probably her first time killing a True Divinity. It was inevitable that she would feel a bit uncomfortable.
Perhaps this was Yu Taibai's teaching that caused Luo Yan to behave like this.
It was really hard on her …
"Yan 'er isn't nervous." Luo Yan also replied with a true essence sound transmission, "Big Brother should quickly absorb this Aqua Spring. Yan' er doesn't need it."
Seeing her serious expression, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Then, he placed his hands into the Aqua Spring.
This Aqua Spring was the life essence of the Aqua Spring and could fuse with all things.
As Luo Zheng's hands touched it, the dark green liquid naturally gathered in Luo Zheng's hands.
The Aqua Spring on the platform was being absorbed by Luo Zheng at a speed visible to the naked eye.
Luo Zheng didn't spread the spring water throughout his body. Instead, he guided it through his meridians into his dantian.
Dongfang Gui also occupied a platform on the side.
On the edge of the platform, there were two other upper True Divinities of the Dongfang Family.
One was called Dongfang Qi and the other was called Dongfang Xi.
The three True Divinities of the Dongfang Family were also carefully selected by Dongfang Taiqing.
"Big Brother Gui, this Aqua Spring …" Beside Dongfang Gui, the youthful Dongfang Xi said.
"No need to leave it for me. You can absorb it yourselves." Dongfang Gui shook his head. He didn't care about this Aqua Spring.
Dongfang Qi saw that Dongfang Gui had a lot on his mind and was looking at Luo Yan. He quietly asked with a true essence sound transmission, "Big Brother Gui, are you still worried about that Luo Yan? What kind of power is she using? It doesn't seem to be the Divine Dao. There aren't even any fluctuations of Dao. It's really strange! "
Who knew that Dongfang Gui would lightly shake his head, "Wrong. I'm not worried about Luo Yan."
"Not Luo Yan?" Dongfang Qi was stunned. He rolled his eyes and asked, "Then you must be worried about the Sword Race?"
This time, the Sword Race had suddenly halved the number of wealthy families, and the number of Sword Race members had doubled. This was equivalent to declaring the Sword Race's position. Their goal was to help the Luo siblings obtain the inheritance!
Looking at the leading Sword Mastiff, it was not an existence to be trifled with.
"No." Dongfang Gui continued to shake his head.
"Then who are you worried about?" Dongfang Qi's face was filled with confusion. He knew that Dongfang Gui was very resourceful. Although he was only an upper True God, he was highly regarded by the Dongfang family. Naturally, his foresight was much better than ordinary True Gods. Dongfang Qi's gaze then landed on Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was currently absorbing the Wakamu Spring. Only then did he ask, "Could it be that Luo Zheng?"
"Correct." Dongfang Gui's eyes narrowed slightly.
Dongfang Qi did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Brother Gui, although this Luo Zheng is very powerful, his cultivation is there. Do we need to be afraid of him?"
Dongfang Xi, who had been absorbing the Wakamu Spring, also raised his head and said lightly, "When he was a God, he was able to defeat a lower True God. This kind of strength is indeed shocking. Now that he has become a lower True God, he is at most comparable to a peak middle True God, such as Dongfang Yuhao and Mu Xin."
Dongfang Yuhao and Mu Xin were ranked first and second in the middle True God tier of the Pantheon Jade Wall.
Dongfang Xi felt that his evaluation was already very high.
Dongfang Gui nodded. "But … since he entered the tree hole, he has not made a move."
"With that powerful sister, why would he need to make a move?" Dongfang Xi shook his head and began to absorb the Wakamu Spring again.
Dongfang Gui understood what they were saying, but he still felt that something was wrong.
Just now, when he saw Tang Xiuqi make a move, he did not stop him. There was another reason. He wanted to use Tang Xiuqi to observe Luo Zheng's current strength.
But before Luo Zheng could react, Tang Xiuqi was killed by Luo Yan.
Now, the two from the Tang family were still staring at the Luo family siblings with bloodshot eyes. But they were afraid of Luo Yan's strength, so they did not dare to make a move.
"Tang Jie, Tang Xu, come here," Dongfang Gui said via true essence.
Tang Jie and Tang Xu both looked at Dongfang Gui.
"If you want revenge, you have to take your time," Dongfang Gui said indifferently.
This time, although the members of the Aristocratic Alliance had given their own missions, there was no leader among them. For example, Dongfang Gui could only command Dongfang Xi and Dongfang Qi.
Now, Dongfang Gui realized that he had to gather these people together …
…
Within Luo Zheng's inner world, a green rain began to fall.
These raindrops all fell around the World Tree …
Now, the World Tree of Life once again formed a huge piece of land around it. As it began to absorb the raindrops, the entire tree began to sway and sway rapidly.
"Rumble …"
"So fast!"
This World Tree was originally several thousand feet tall.
Now, it was rapidly growing …
All the branches began to extend, and the trunk began to swell. The roots buried deep underground began to wriggle, and the surrounding ground began to crack.
In the blink of an eye, the World Tree had grown from several thousand feet to several hundred thousand feet tall, and the roots buried deep underground had increased by ten times!
"Eh?"
As the World Tree began to swell, he could clearly feel his inner world expand by a bit!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's incarnation flashed, and instantly arrived at the edge of his inner world.
He focused his gaze, and a trace of confusion appeared in his eyes. With a light flick of his finger, a thin line passed by the edge of his inner world.
There were a total of 1,080 golden Sanskrit characters surrounding his inner world. These Sanskrit characters were arranged in an equal distance, and each one was 13,000 miles away from each other, not an inch more, not an inch less …
However, under the measurement of that thin line, there was actually an extra 16 inches of distance!
The distance between each golden Sanskrit character had increased by 16 inches, so the distance between the 1,080 golden Sanskrit characters had increased by more than 17,000 inches.
"My inner world has expanded," Luo Zheng concluded.
As his inner world continued to expand, the distance between the Sanskrit characters surrounding his inner world also increased.
This expansion was very small, so Luo Zheng himself couldn't detect it. But he was still able to confirm it.
"Ruo Mu's spring is only Ruo Mu's life essence. How can it expand this world?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with confusion …
The world within his dantian was very different from that of ordinary people, so Luo Zheng had always been the one to figure out how to break through to the next level of cultivation.

Chapter 2032
However, this Wakamu Spring was too rare.
Even within the Sword Tribe, there probably wasn't much left.
Just now, Luo Zheng had absorbed about ten pots of Wakamu Spring. Even if the Sword Tribe had accumulated it, it would probably take more than a thousand years.
Moreover, his entire world had only expanded slightly.
Relying on this thing to expand his internal world was somewhat unrealistic.
After dispersing his internal incarnation, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto his flying sword. Together with Luo Yan, they once again followed the True Gods down.
As they continued to descend, the number of water chestnut worms around them decreased until finally, all of them disappeared …
The surroundings were completely barren, without the slightest bit of life to speak of. However, the evil intent released by the killing zone was becoming more and more intense!
Many people's eyes were bright red and emitted a strong murderous aura. It was as if they would fight at any moment.
Especially Tang Jie and Tang Xu. Because of their enmity with Luo Yan, they couldn't control themselves a few times and seemed to want to fight with Luo Yan. However, after Dongfang Gui fed each of them an elixir, they forcibly restrained themselves.
After confirming that it was safe, some True Gods sat upright on their flying swords and simply closed their eyes to rest. They just needed to maintain a certain speed of descent.
"Brother, look. There are many rings on the cave walls below!" Luo Yan pointed down and said.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Luo Yan pointed. Indeed, he saw milky white rings encircling the wide cave walls.
"What are these?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Growth rings." Luo Yan smiled slightly.
She obviously knew more than Luo Zheng.
In other words, before going to the Wakamu, Yu Taibai had already passed on a lot of information to Luo Yan.
"Are they the growth rings of the Wakamu?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes. The Wakamu will grow a branch every god era. At the same time, there will be an additional circle of growth rings inside the main trunk. These huge growth rings represent the age of the Wakamu," Luo Yan explained seriously.
Some of the True Gods not far away heard this and found it rather novel.
After all, not everyone was qualified to enter this place. Although this information was not important, it was impossible for it to be spread outside.
The Four Great Divine Trees were the foundation of the Realm of the Gods, and they were born very early. From this, one could infer the approximate time when the Realm of the Gods was born …
"Yan 'er knows a lot," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing his brother's praise, Luo Yan tilted his head and said proudly, "Of course!"
Everyone continued to descend through the rings.
A full two days and two nights …
Sword Mastiff warned, "We're almost at the bottom. Everyone, slow down!"
Hearing the warning, the True Gods were slightly startled.
Diving down from the top of Ruo Mu, everyone maintained an extremely high speed.
If he didn't slow down and fell to the bottom like this, the impact would probably tear his body apart!
Fortunately, the Sword Mastiff had issued a warning in advance.
Everyone slowed down their speed and slowly descended. After about an hour, everyone finally saw the bottom.
"We're here!"
"This is the land of Dao Struggle!"
"It's really difficult …"
After Luo Zheng reached the bottom, he used the heel of his foot to lightly knock on the flying sword under his feet. The flying sword spun one round and landed in his hand.
Previously, Luo Zheng's Great Thousand Heavy Sword had been damaged in the Sea of Time. Even though the flying swords given to him by the Sword Race were ordinary, they were still graded grandmist artifacts. They could be used as a temporary replacement.
"Since everyone has arrived at the land of Dao Struggle, do not wander around. You must follow us," Sword Mastiff said to everyone.
"Hmph, everyone says that the land of Dao Struggle hides a great inheritance of the Paramita Realm. Your Sword Race has left this inheritance unchecked for so many years. What can we find if we follow you?" One of the upper True Gods of the Bai Family chuckled.
Then, the other two True Gods of the Bai Family chimed in, "That's right. The Sword Race probably won't be able to obtain it. That's why every Dao Struggle is misleading others. That's why no one has been able to find it after so many years!"
The Bai Family was the same as the Han Family. They didn't belong to the Tyrant Alliance and didn't have much relationship with the Sword Race.
The three of them had also obtained some information. This time, they had come with the goal of obtaining the inheritance …
Hearing this, Sword Mastiff sneered coldly, "Since that's the case, your Bai Family can do as you wish!"
"Big brother, let's go!"
The three True Gods of the Bai Family said coldly and chose to leave in different directions.
At the bottom of the Ruo Tree, the messy roots formed layers and holes. The environment was complex and tangled. In the blink of an eye, the three True Gods of the Bai Family disappeared from everyone's sight.
"Everyone, if you want to move on your own, you can choose to leave now," Sword Mastiff said to everyone.
The upper True Gods present were basically the most powerful group of people in the Deity Domain.
Hearing this, another group of two and three True Gods of the Bai Family chose to leave …
Sword Mastiff hoped that Dongfang Gui would leave with his people.
Unfortunately, Dongfang Gui, the Tang Family, Leng Family, Mu Family, Fang Family, and the other True Gods of the Tyrant Alliance didn't move. It seemed like they were going to move with them.
"Old fox." Sword Mastiff's gaze faintly glanced at Dongfang Gui. When he noticed Dongfang Gui's mocking gaze, he turned his head away.
"Childish," Dongfang Gui said softly.
His biggest goal in this trip wasn't to inherit the inheritance, but to prevent anyone from obtaining the inheritance. Naturally, he wouldn't be so impulsive as to explore the Land of Struggle of Dao.
Sword Mastiff took the lead and chose a direction. He led the group of more than a hundred people forward.
The bottom was filled with roots of various shapes. Apart from that, there were also some strangely shaped plants that grew in dark and damp places.
"Gulp …"
"Gulp …"
After walking for a short while, a strange sound suddenly came from not far ahead.
Some True Gods looked over and saw a cluster of pale yellow ganoderma.
The ganoderma was the size of a millstone and neatly arranged together. There were more than twenty of them and they looked very attractive.
"This ganoderma has spiritual energy!"
"It's definitely not an ordinary item!"
Nan Longhua and the other True Gods were slightly tempted. Before anyone could react, they rushed forward to step on it.
Sword Mastiff saw this and turned his head to say, "Junior Brother Mo Nan?"
"Yes." Mo Nan, who was behind Sword Mastiff, took a step forward and the longsword in his hand shot out like lightning.
"Crack!"
A bolt of lightning that completely merged with the sword gleam, or rather, the lightning had completely merged with the sword gleam.
The sword gleam instantly shot out a distance of more than a hundred feet and directly pierced through the ganoderma.
"Crackle …"
As the azure lightning surrounded the ganoderma, the ganoderma began to distort crazily. At the same time, it let out shrill cries.

Chapter 2033
Wisps of dark green miasma drifted out from the twisted ghosts.
The miasma flickered with phosphorescent light, clearly containing deadly poison.
"This is a Soul Nibbling Ganoderma, an extremely ominous item. Even a Perfection Stage expert wouldn't be able to withstand the poisonous miasma. Are you sure you want to pluck it?" the sword mastiff said calmly.
Seeing these ferocious ghosts and hearing the sword mastiff's words, Nan Longhua and the others turned pale.
"The poisonous miasma is drifting over. If you want to die, then stay here." The sword mastiff continued to lead the sword tribe disciples forward.
The other true gods followed behind the sword mastiff.
Dongfang Gui and the others' expressions turned ugly when they saw the ganoderma.
All the wealthy families had collected some information about the Land of Dao Struggle, but they didn't know as much as the sword tribe.
In such a dangerous place, one could die if they weren't careful. If the sword mastiff deliberately played tricks, it would be impossible to guard against it.
"There's a fork in the road ahead. Take the right!"
A huge tree root appeared in front of them. This tree root divided the road into two sides, and the right side led to a narrow cave.
After the sword mastiff finished speaking, it dived in without hesitation …
At this time, no one had a choice. Luo Zheng and Luo Yan also bent down and followed the sword mastiff into the cave.
After shuttling through the cave for a while, they arrived at an open area.
Only then did the scenery around them change …
The originally soft and damp ground had turned into a mottled bluestone road. Although the surroundings were still filled with huge tree roots, one could faintly see some collapsed walls in the gaps between the tree roots. However, those walls could not withstand the erosion of the tree roots and were riddled with holes by the tree roots that grew in all directions.
After walking along the mottled bluestone road for a while, the road ahead became more and more spacious. A faint layer of mist shrouded the area, limiting the gods' vision.
"The bottom of Ruo Mu is actually so spacious …"
Luo Zheng also didn't expect the Land of Dao Struggle to be so spacious.
On second thought, the top of Ruo Mu was also incomparably huge. They couldn't see the end of it. Since Ruo Mu's trunk was so wide, it wasn't surprising that there was such a large space at the bottom.
They hadn't even walked a few miles when they saw an arc on the bluestone road. It extended all the way from the far end and blocked the path of the true gods.
Jian Ao turned his head and indifferently glanced at the crowd. He then said: "After crossing this line, you will arrive at one of the most powerful prohibitions in the Land of Dao Struggle. Depending on your comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao, how far you can go and whether you can survive will depend on your own ability. If you haven't comprehended much True Meaning of Dao, you can wait here."
"My comprehension of the True Meaning of the Dao …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
Since the Sword Race called this place the Dao Battle Ground, it couldn't be like those forbidden grounds where one could conquer it with their own strength.
In the end, he still had to rely on the True Meaning of the Dao?
It was just that there should be many ways to use the True Intent of the Dao. For example, the True Intent of Dao Technique was completely different from the True Intent of Yin Yang Chaos.
The True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought was different …
Why did the skeleton set up such a place for the battle of Dao?
"Brother, you can wait here." Luo Yan blinked and said, "You can follow Yan 'er for the rest of the journey."
Before coming to the Sword Race, Yu Taibai had already informed Luo Yan of some information. Clearly, in Luo Yan's eyes, his brother didn't have the qualifications to continue exploring the Land of Dao Struggle.
"Why can't I go in?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Luo Yan thought for a moment and answered softly: "Because this place requires an extremely deep comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao. Otherwise … it's very easy to get hurt!"
"Extremely deep comprehension? To what extent does one have to comprehend it? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"This …"
Luo Yan couldn't answer for a moment.
After all, in the Land of Dao Struggle, no one had obtained the inheritance of the skeleton.
Those who had entered before had all failed. No one had succeeded.
Even Luo Yan herself wasn't confident. What if the Nirvana Realm expert's requirement was to completely comprehend one type of True Meaning of Dao?
"When I was in the Immortal Mansion, I also studied the True Meaning of Dao." Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and said, "It might not be as good as what Eldest Senior Brother taught me, but it shouldn't be a big problem to enter!"
Even so, Luo Zheng was still somewhat curious.
Could it be that the True Meaning of Dao also had a law that allowed one to understand all other laws? Cultivating one type of True Meaning of Dao would allow one to obtain the recognition of another type of True Meaning of Dao? Thinking about it, it didn't seem very possible …
"Brother, you also cultivated the True Meaning mental cultivation method?" Luo Yan looked at Luo Zheng with a face full of suspicion.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Don't worry, I won't be so rash."
Seeing that Luo Zheng was determined to enter, Luo Yan couldn't say anything. She also knew that she couldn't stop him.
She could only sigh slightly and say: "Then … Brother, you must follow me obediently. I will ensure your safety!"
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded with a smile.
On the other side, Jian Ao and the other True Gods had crossed the line.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan also crossed the line with one step.
When Luo Zheng had just crossed the line, he instantly felt an extremely complicated aura.
There was a strong rhythm contained within this aura, as if two completely different auras were interchanging.
"The True Meaning of Good Will and the True Meaning of Evil Will have merged, and instantly became extremely wonderful …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
In the previous breath, that True Meaning of Dao could still cause the murderous intent in Luo Zheng's heart to surge violently. In the next breath, all the murderous intent was completely annihilated by the True Meaning of Good Will …
This state alternated repeatedly and was rather wonderful.
At first, everyone was somewhat unaccustomed to it. Some True Gods even had their faces flushed red. The True Meaning of Good and Evil Will could really affect their emotions. This kind of emotional fluctuation was too great, and it was devastating to the state of mind itself.
Luo Yan was the first to adapt.
In other words, there was no adaptation process for her at all.
When the True Meaning of Evil Will descended, the purple light in her eyes bloomed slightly, and the light in her pupils lengthened accordingly.
When the True Meaning of Good and Evil Will arrived, the purple light in her eyes began to dissipate, and the light in her pupils shortened accordingly …
"Brother, can you adapt?" Luo Yan turned her head to look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and sensed for a while. His state of mind had indeed undergone intense fluctuations.
"Dao of Nature …"
"Turning eternal thoughts into eternity, all laws are natural, not comprehending ordinary laws …"
The True Meaning of Good and Evil Will was to divide one's thoughts into two thoughts, good and evil.
In the face of this endless rhythm that affected the state of mind, Luo Zheng also slightly operated a trace of the True Meaning of Nature of Dao.
He did not resist this rhythm. Instead, he followed his nature and went along with it naturally.
When he opened his eyes again, he had already returned to normal …
"You adapted so quickly!" Luo Yan's eyes revealed a strong sense of curiosity.

Chapter 2034
Even Sword Mastiff, who was familiar with this place, took an incense stick's worth of time to completely adapt.
As for the others, they were even slower.
Some grass-roots True Gods were able to reach this place because they had cultivated some kind of True Meaning of Dao.
However, the True Meaning of Dao circulating in the Divine Territory was either incomplete, with only a few hundred words, or was deciphered incorrectly.
In addition, due to their perception, they could not adapt to this constantly moving True Meaning of Good and Evil …
They all sat down cross-legged and tried to adapt, or even resist, or use other methods to deal with it.
However, the aura of this True Meaning of Dao could not be erased by any method. Otherwise, it would not be able to suppress even a Saint in a non-offensive place.
"Ugh!"
An upper True God suddenly vomited and staggered out of the thin line.
Bang!
The other upper True God's eyes rolled back, and he fell to the ground with a plop. He had actually fainted.
At first, it was the True Gods of first-tier clans who withdrew. Later on, even some disciples of wealthy families had no choice but to withdraw.
Entering the Land of Dao Struggle, one had to have a certain level of comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao. Otherwise, it would be difficult to move forward.
However, the True Gods who dared to enter the Land of Dao Struggle were more or less prepared.
After less than an hour, nearly seventy percent of the True Gods had adapted to this place's aura. Even Nan Long Hua was among them.
As for the remaining 30%, they could only wait anxiously outside ….
"Everyone has adapted to the True Meaning of Dao here. Follow me," Sword Mastiff said indifferently, his gaze faintly falling on Luo Zheng.
He felt a small blow to his heart.
This time, in the Land of Dao Struggle, they had adapted to this place's aura in an incense stick's time. It could be said that this had broken his record.
The disciples of the Sword Clan had a natural advantage in the Land of Dao Struggle.
For example, on a normal day, they could fight against the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
There was a training ground above the Ruo Mu. The Sword Clan had dug a large pit on the Ruo Mu. The disciples of the Sword Clan frequently entered and exited. In one breath, they were in a non-offensive place, and in the next breath, they were back in a deadly place. Under this alternating movement, they could simulate the environment where the True Meaning of Good and Evil alternated in the Land of Dao Struggle.
Sword Mastiff was the most hardworking, so he had previously set a record of two incense sticks' time.
This time, his improvement was even greater. The time it took for an incense stick to burn was enough for him to be proud of himself. He originally thought that he was the fastest person.
But when he opened his eyes, he saw the two siblings, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, talking and laughing as if there was no one else around. This was a bit...
Luo Yan was the first candidate recommended by Yu Taibai. Everyone in the Sword Race attached great importance to this woman.
But her older brother was a mere lower True Divinity, and he hadn't revealed any formidable techniques before, so how could he be so fast?
This pair of siblings, one is more perverted than the other …
He helplessly led the way in front. Judging from Luo Zheng's behavior, it seemed that he had overturned his own judgment.
"Brother Ghost, when do you plan to make a move? If this continues, it'll become more and more troublesome," Dongfang Xi quietly asked as the group moved forward.
Dongfang Gui frowned and shook his head, "Let's wait a little longer. It's not time yet."
"Actually, we have the advantage in numbers. It's not too late to make a move now," Dongfang Xi said.
The Sword Tribe only had a total of 11 people. Including the Luo siblings, there were only 13 of them.
With Dongfang Gui's rallying power, if the upper True Divinities of the Wealthy Clan Alliance all attacked together, they still had a good chance of winning.
"No," Dongfang Gui shook his head and immediately rejected Dongfang Xi's suggestion, "I have my own plans."
Seeing Dongfang Gui's confident appearance, Dongfang Xi could only let out an "oh".
Under the guidance of the sword mastiff, the group advanced for 30 miles. The fog ahead became thicker and thicker …
"Whoosh!"
In the fog, a huge shadow suddenly shot past.
"There's a ferocious creature!" Someone immediately shouted.
"I saw it too. It looks like a pair of wings."
"No, I saw a monster with a pair of long horns …"
What Luo Zheng saw was a person's shadow.
Hearing the other True Divinities' words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of confusion, "I definitely didn't see wrong, but it seems like everyone saw different things. What's going on?"
Many True Divinities became nervous. The shadow buried deep in the fog indeed brought them great fear …
After all, legend had it that even saints would fall in this place. Upper True Divinities like them were really like ants. If they were careless, they might be trampled to death.
"Don't panic," seeing their nervous expressions, the sword mastiff smiled faintly, "The things in the fog are all formed from the evil in your hearts. They are also the things that you fear the most in the depths of your hearts …"
"Are those all illusory things?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask. He faintly felt that there was something wrong with the shadow.
"On the contrary, the powerful evil intent in the Battle of the Dao will almost perfectly recreate your evil intent. Therefore, what we are facing at this stage is our own evil intent. Only by defeating our evil intent and shattering our fear can we pass," the sword mastiff said faintly.
Hearing this, many True Divinities' faces turned pale.
"How is that possible …"
"Perfectly recreate?"
"That's impossible to pass, right?"
Nan Longhua and the other True Divinities' faces were rather ugly.
No matter who it was, they all had their own fears. What they feared would also be viewed as the most evil existence.
If it was a child who had been bitten by a dog, then the thing that the child feared the most was that dog.
If it was a child who came to the Battle of the Dao, what appeared in the fog would be a dog.
However, the Upper True Divinities present were all people who had experienced hundreds of battles. They were all elites of the Divine Territory.
Something that could cause these Upper True Divinities to fear … It was almost certain that it was not something ordinary.
Hearing this, Dongfang Xi and Dongfang Qi's faces didn't look too good. Clearly, they had also seen something that terrified them in the fog.
Dongfang Xi glanced over and saw that Dongfang Gui had a trace of a smile on his face. He asked, "Brother Gui, what did you see?"
Dongfang Gui looked deeply at Dongfang Xi, then said, "These few years, I haven't been in the clan. Do you know where I went?"
"Where … Isn't Brother Gui in seclusion?" Dongfang Xi's face revealed a curious expression.
A few years ago, Dongfang Gui was often active in the Arena of Gods and was ranked first among the Upper True Divinities.
Later, Dongfang Gui suddenly disappeared and his points were emptied. Even the disciples of the Dongfang family didn't know where he went …
It was only when the Battle of the Dao opened that Dongfang Gui suddenly appeared. For a time, Dongfang Xi and the others were rather puzzled. They thought that Dongfang Gui had chosen to go into seclusion these few years. After all, it was very normal to go into seclusion for a few years.

Chapter 2035
It was not a coincidence that the Dongfang Family sent Dongfang Gui.
It was not the first time the Dao Battle was held, and it was not the first time the True Gods of the wealthy families participated.
For the Wealthy Alliance, they only needed to prevent anyone from obtaining the inheritance of the skeleton.
The simplest method was to place an undefeatable monster in the Battle of Dao ….
Dongfang Gui did not go to the Abyss Demon Region to train, but under the guidance of the Paragons, he experienced his greatest fear.
That fear took root in the depths of Dongfang Gui's heart, and then he was sent to participate in this Dao Battle!
Now, the seed of fear had sprouted under the influence of the Dao Battle.
"Heavens, in this fog …" Dongfang Xi's eyes widened as he stared blankly at Dongfang Gui.
Dongfang Gui shook his head helplessly and smiled bitterly. "We will all die."
"You still want me to come?! I want to quit! "Dongfang Xi was furious.
Although they all knew that the Dao Battle was very dangerous, it was clearly a suicide mission. It was too unkind of them to let their own family members come.
"So, before this, the family let each of you keep a fragment of your soul," Dongfang Gui said seriously. "The family nurtured us in the hope that we can repay them one day. This Dao Battle is too important, we must face it head-on."
Dongfang Xi's eyes twitched when he heard this …
"Defeating the fear in your heart is easier said than done."
"That's right. Usually, what you fear will be stronger than you!"
"I was wondering why no one had been able to pass through this Dao Battle for so many years. It's a dead end!"
Many people began to back out.
Not everyone could summon up the courage to face their own fears.
"Naturally, you won't be able to defeat them if you just face them." The sword mastiff smiled faintly. "But the courage in your hearts can also become your greatest help!"
"What do you mean?" Someone asked.
The sword mastiff pointed to the ground.
Only then did everyone see complex lines appear on the ground. These lines formed one unique array pattern after another.
"Using the True Meaning of Dao that you have comprehended, you can create a powerful clone. This is bestowed to you by the Dao Battle," the sword mastiff said calmly.
"A powerful clone?"
"You can do it with your imagination?"
"The deeper your comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao, the more powerful the clone, right?"
The True Gods seemed to have seen a glimmer of hope.
Luo Zheng also showed a look of curiosity. "You can create a doppelganger of anything you imagine?"
Sword Mastiff shook his head. "No, it's the same as fear … That doppelganger is the thing you rely on the most subconsciously, the thing that gives you the greatest sense of security."
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
Driven by curiosity, everyone walked towards the center of the array patterns.
Luo Yan smiled at Luo Zheng. His figure fluttered and occupied a formation pattern.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng immediately felt a gentle aura emitting from Luo Yan. Just from this aura, Luo Zheng was unable to determine what kind of True Intent of Dao Luo Yan cultivated. However, this aura was extraordinary, which meant that Luo Yan's comprehension of the True Intent of Dao was not shallow!
A little purple light gathered under Luo Yan's feet …
The light kept pulsing and finally formed the shape of a person.
"The one that Luo Yan trusts the most and gives Luo Yan a sense of security should be Yu Taibai," Luo Zheng thought to himself. The doppelganger was very likely to be Yu Taibai.
When Luo Zheng saw the person's appearance and clothing, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
That was actually himself!
This purple doppelganger wasn't the current Luo Zheng, but the Luo Zheng from the Central Domain.
Compared to the current Luo Zheng, the doppelganger was younger, and his eyes were more immature …
This was the image of Luo Zheng in Luo Yan's heart!
In terms of strength, Yu Taibai was naturally much more powerful than Luo Zheng in Luo Yan's heart.
However, ever since Luo Yan had entered the Divine Realm, he hadn't encountered any major dangers. Or, he was hiding in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, and he was absolutely safe. Therefore, she didn't need to rely on Yu Taibai.
When Luo Yan was in the Central Domain, she had been through a lot of hardships, and her brother was Luo Yan's only hope.
Therefore, in terms of strength, the person she relied on the most was Luo Zheng.
"He really is my brother," Luo Yan said with a smile. "I wonder, between him and big brother, who's stronger? Big brother, do you want to have a friendly match with him? "
The purple Luo Zheng was holding a nameless longsword in his hand. His face was filled with a heroic spirit, and his eyes were sharp. Although his doppelganger was only at the Divine Core realm, as a doppelganger, his actual strength wasn't determined by his cultivation level!
Right after Luo Yan finished speaking, the purple Luo Zheng raised his longsword and thrust it toward Luo Zheng.
"Don't mess around," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Right at this moment, many True Gods started manifesting their doppelganger next to them.
"Eh? Your doppelganger is a Dark Nether Wolf?! "
"Why is it this stupid wolf?! My mind is clearly thinking of my Lord Saint Emperor … "
"Why is my doppelganger a sword?!"
The thing that most people relied on wasn't necessarily the strongest existence.
It was the thing they relied on when they were at their weakest.
That True God's life was saved by a Dark Nether Wolf, and this incident had left a strong impression in his mind. Therefore, he had unknowingly manifested a doppelganger like this.
The strength of a doppelganger was determined by how much it had comprehended the True Intent of Dao.
Even if a True God could manifest a Saint as his doppelganger, that doppelganger wouldn't possess the strength of a Saint.
"It's my turn." After saying that, Luo Zheng took a step forward as well …
"The stronger the True Intent of Dao, the stronger the doppelganger. I think this rule was intentionally set up by that skeleton." Luo Zheng closed his eyes and started pondering.
The reason the skeleton set up such a barrier was to select a person who could inherit his inheritance.
This person had to be extremely sensitive to the True Intent of Dao …
As for what True Intent of Dao one cultivated, it wasn't very important.
What was the skeleton's goal?
As he pondered, he started to slowly recite the True Intent mental cultivation method.
As the True Intent of Dao began to circulate, Luo Zheng started to emit an extremely unique aura.
In the Realm of the Gods, the comprehension of the True Intent of Dao was still in a state of ignorance.
Most of the True Gods present didn't even comprehend ten percent of the True Intent of Dao …
Jian Ao, Dongfang Gui, Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the others, because they had the inheritance of a large clan, they had comprehended slightly more True Intent of Dao, but it was only twenty percent.
It wasn't that they didn't want to comprehend more, but that they simply couldn't find a complete True Intent of Dao in the Realm of the Gods for them to comprehend!
However, Luo Zheng had obtained a complete True Intent mental cultivation method.
He hadn't completely comprehended the True Intent of Dao. That True Intent mental cultivation method had reached the final stage, and Luo Zheng couldn't recite it no matter what.
However, he had still comprehended ninety percent of it!
As he activated the True Intent mental cultivation method, an extremely natural aura transformed into specks of light that filled the runes under his feet.

Chapter 2036
That ray of light continued to condense and suddenly transformed into a dense shadow.
Even Luo Zheng was curious. Who was the person he trusted the most?
He hadn't spent much time with Luo Yan, and he wasn't the most powerful person in Luo Yan's heart.
However, Luo Yan subconsciously trusted this older brother, which was why he had summoned his clone …
So who was the person he trusted the most?
As the light continued to condense, it finally transformed into a slender red figure.
The figure held a long spear and stood in front of him.
When he opened his eyes and saw this figure, he was stunned. How could it be Xun?
The light emitted by this red Xun was extremely intense. It was as if fresh blood was flowing all over her body. She instantly overshadowed the other clones summoned by the others.
"Is this older brother's sword spirit?"
Luo Yan looked up and sized up this tall and slender woman.
The last time Luo Zheng met Luo Yan was in the Void Spirit Sect. Then, Yu Taibai took him away.
Although Xun had already awakened at that time and had even become a great help to him, Luo Zheng didn't summon Xun in the Void Spirit Sect.
Thus, Luo Yan always thought that it was just a sword spirit. He never thought that it contained a wisp of a soul, and that it was the king of the Fiend Night Clan.
Luo Zheng also didn't think that the person he trusted the most was Xun. He thought it would be his father.
Now that he thought about it, his father had appeared twice during his most difficult times.
The first time was to help him resist the calamity of the Luck Destroying Yellow Snake. The other time was to fight against Mu Haiji's soul.
However, in comparison, when he was in the lower realm, Xun had accompanied him through calamity after calamity.
From the Tower of Sin to the Divine Kingdom Continent …
Subconsciously, Xun was indeed one of the people Luo Zheng relied on the most during that period of time.
Luo Yan's gaze became more and more strange. "But why does older brother trust his sword spirit?"
She tilted her head and curiously sized up Xun.
"It's a long story. She comes from a special race. She's not a pure sword spirit … I'll tell you about it when I have time," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
While the brother and sister were discussing Xun's appearance, the people around them were staring at Luo Zheng's sword spirit with a dull expression …
This included Jian Ao and the others.
"What's up with this kid's clone?!"
"Why is it so much more solid than us?"
"They don't look like products of the same level at all …"
The deeper one's comprehension of the true meaning of the Dao, the more solid the clone would be within the formation pattern, and the stronger the clone would be.
The Sword Race had studied the runes here in detail.
Creating a powerful doppelganger had little to do with the type of True Intent of Dao one cultivated.
That was because this clone was not created by him, but by those runes.
The runes would sense the amount of Dao Intent and bestow a powerful clone.
The Sword Race had even divided the strength of the clones into different levels.
They were divided into four grades, A, B, C, and D, and each grade was further divided into upper, middle, and lower grades.
Back then, the Sages had forcefully barged into the Land of Dao Struggle.
After entering this place, the fear in their hearts was also manifested.
The Sages were indeed powerful, but an existence that could make the Sages fear was naturally even more powerful. Jian Wuhen had fallen under the ferocious creature formed from his own fear!
After that, the Sages became cautious and began to search for the mystery of the Land of Dao Struggle.
In the end, they discovered that these inconspicuous runes on the ground had simultaneously manifested a doppelganger.
The Sages' comprehension of the True Intent of Dao was naturally far from what the Upper True Gods could compare to.
At that time, Jian Wuhen's clone was the strongest, and it was "B +" grade.
"Brother Jian Ao, that kid …"
"What grade can the clone summoned by the brother and sister be considered?"
"It seems that Luo Zheng's clone is even more powerful than his sister's. What grade is it?"
"Didn't you say that the core target we were protecting was Luo Yan?"
A few Sword Race disciples looked at each other and quietly asked Jian Ao.
Jian Ao stared blankly at Luo Yan's clone before his gaze landed on Luo Zheng's clone.
That pair of sharp eyes were also filled with confusion. He was already in a complete mess.
He didn't care what these clones looked like. After all, the strength of a clone had nothing to do with its appearance.
When he saw Luo Yan summon his clone, Jian Ao was secretly delighted.
The people brought by Yu Taibai were indeed extraordinary. Luo Yan's clone was actually a B +!
This meant that Luo Yan had comprehended at least 50% of the True Intent of Dao!
From what the Sword Mastiff knew, the only ones who could be ranked as' B 'were the Saints.
The Sages of the Sword Race were all B +. However, other than Jian Wuhen, who was a B +, the other Sages were only B +.
However, the Land of Dao Struggle didn't welcome Paragons and Sages. Even if they had powerful clones, it was difficult for them to enter the depths of the Land of Dao Struggle. Even if they were lucky enough to defeat the clone of fear, they would encounter an even stronger restriction.
One could imagine how shocked Jian Ao was when he saw Luo Yan's clone.
He felt that this' Dao Struggle 'might really be the last Dao Struggle. After all, as long as he inherited the inheritance of that skeleton, the Dao Struggle would cease to exist.
And the successor was destined to be Luo Yan.
However, he never expected that Luo Zheng's clone would be stronger than Luo Yan's clone.
This was also the reason why Jian Ao was so confused.
"Luo Zheng's clone is at least … A +! It might even be A +! "Jian Ao transmitted his voice to the Sword Race disciples.
When Mo Nan and the others heard this, their faces were filled with disbelief.
Mo Nan asked, "Mid or high grade A? That's impossible. Big Brother Jian Ao, are you saying that Luo Zheng has comprehended a nearly complete True Intent of Dao? "
A +? A +? A +? At the very least, one had to comprehend 90% of the True Intent of Dao!
Let's not talk about whether Luo Zheng had such comprehension ability …
At least in the Realm of the Gods, as far as the Sword Race disciples knew, there was no such thing as a complete True Intent of Dao.
Who could completely decipher a set of Sanskrit words without missing a single word?
The Dao Struggle had been held for so long, and they had studied Sanskrit for so long, but they had never seen such a person.
Regarding this, the Sword Race disciples had the most right to speak because they had studied Sanskrit for the longest time and understood the most …
"I don't know what's going on either." Jian Ao muttered to himself for a long time, and his expression slowly relaxed. "However, this is still a good thing, a very good thing! Mo Nan, use your Eye of Insight! "
"Isn't it too early?" Mo Nan asked.
"Lord Wuhen and the others must know about this. It won't be too early," Jian Ao said.
Mo Nan nodded and extended two fingers. He lightly tapped the ground, and a small seed was buried in the ground.
At the same time, in the Sword Transformation Divine City on top of Ruo Mu, Jian Wuhen's eyes twitched slightly as a smile appeared on his face. "The Eye of Insight has been buried. Taibai, use the Insight Technique I taught you and you will be able to see the scene below."

Chapter 2037
"Now that they've set up the Eye of Insight, they should be able to summon their doppelgängers in the Land of Dao Battle." Jian Wuhen continued, "If Luo Yan has really comprehended 50% of the True Intent of Annihilation, she should be able to summon a B-class doppelgänger!"
Hearing this, an elder beside Jian Wuhen said indifferently, "Back then, we used B-grade clones and found it difficult to fight against the terror clones. Although the four of us worked together to force our way through, we triggered a restriction and had to retreat. Although Luo Yan also has a B-grade clone, he can't guarantee that he'll be able to fight against the terror clones."
This elder was another Saint of the Sword race, Jian Leiting.
"This is already the best I can do." Yu Taibai showed a helpless expression.
Because Luo Zheng had taken this wrong step, he had already done his best.
In fact, Luo Yan had done quite well.
After all, the True Will of Annihilation left behind by his master was not complete. She had comprehended 99% of the remnant, which could be said to be perfect.
Even Luo Zheng might not be able to do better.
Whether or not they could pass was up to fate.
Yu Taibai knew very well that although the living beings in the Divine Realm called themselves Gods, no one was a true God. Naturally, it was impossible for them to firmly grasp their fate in their own hands!
"Let's use the Eye of Insight first …"
Ruo Mu had the effect of blocking Divine Sense.
Therefore, even a Saint would not be able to see everything in one glance.
If he wanted to investigate Ruo Mu, he had to use the unique Eye of Insight of the Sword race.
As Jian Wuhen's eyes flashed slightly, the scene at the bottom of Ruo Mu was reflected in his eyes.
However, he was slightly taken aback and had a strange expression on his face.
It was indeed quite rare to see such an expression on a Saint's face.
"What's wrong?" Jian Leiting asked curiously.
Jian Wuhen looked at Yu Taibai meaningfully. "See for yourselves."
Yu Taibai did not understand Jian Wuhen's gaze. He thought that something had happened to Luo Yan and hurriedly used the Eye of Insight …
Then he saw the situation at the Battle of the Dao.
"Luo Yan's clone … Luo Zheng!" Yu Taibai's eyes suddenly widened.
Jian Leiting also had a strange expression on his face as he murmured, "Taibai, didn't you say that Luo Zheng didn't enter Buzhou Spiritual Mountain and didn't teach the True Intent of Annihilation?"
"That's true..." Yu Taibai stared closely at Luo Zheng.
"Then what's going on?" Jian Leiting asked.
"Annihilation".... ". Luo Yan has already cultivated that half of the Annihilation to the extreme, so his clone is B grade Lower B grade..... the Annihilation of Annihilation........... Annihilation Annihilation... Annihilation a.......................
"Yes." Yu Taibai was also at a loss.
"That brat's clone is A grade Upper. He should have comprehended ninety percent of the True Will of Dao!" Jian Wuhen's eyes flashed. He could not suppress the excitement in his heart. "I really don't know where that brat cultivated it from! Does he have a complete True Will of Dao? ".
"A complete True Will of Dao …" Although Yu Taibai noticed that Luo Zheng's clone was exceptionally bright, he was not a member of the Sword Tribe. He did not understand the classification of clones. Hearing this, he jumped in fright.
Luo Zheng should have been hiding in the Immortal Abode for the past two years. Could he have obtained the True Will of Dao there? Yu Taibai thought, but he did not say it out loud.
Although the Sword Tribe had chosen to cooperate with him, some things were too important. He could not reveal his speculations.
"There's hope, there's really hope!" Jian Wuhen did not stare at Yu Taibai. Instead, his face was full of excitement.
With Luo Yan's performance, although Jian Wuhen felt that she had a chance of obtaining the inheritance, the possibility was not very high. He estimated that there was only a thirty percent chance.
At that time, Jian Wuhen did not test Luo Zheng. After all, Yu Taibai had clearly said that he did not impart the True Will of Dao to Luo Zheng.
But they never expected that when they arrived at the Land of Dao Struggle, the situation would take such a huge turn. It was completely out of their expectations!
In the Land of Dao Struggle.
Dongfang Gui, Dongfang Qi, Dongfang Xi, and the True Gods of the Wealthy Family Alliance had ugly expressions.
Just now, Dongfang Gui had tried his best to display the True Will of Dao, hoping to condense an even stronger clone.
Although the Terror avatar he had set up in the fog was powerful enough and would attack all high-rank True Gods indiscriminately, he still needed a powerful avatar to assist him. This avatar was the most powerful weapon given to him by the Land of Dao Battle. When needed, he would use this weapon to kill.
By the time he had painstakingly condensed his doppelganger and opened his eyes, he saw Luo Zheng's doppelganger emitting a dazzling blood-red light before he could even take a good look at his doppelganger!
"Luo Zheng's clone!"
Dongfang Gui did not know what level this clone was.
But Dongfang Gui's clone was already quite good. Now, compared to Luo Zheng, it was like a firefly competing with the sun and moon. They were not on the same level at all!
"How can this be?"
"This Luo Zheng's clone is actually stronger than his sister!"
"…"
After standing in place for a long time, Dongfang Gui gritted his teeth and said quietly, "It doesn't matter. I don't believe that he can really break through with this clone!"
The True Gods present condensed their clones one after another.
Some of the True Gods' clones had strange shapes, but the majority of their clones were in human form.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, and "Xun" quickly took a step forward in front of him.
"Charge!"
"Xiu …"
Xun put away the long spear in his hand and suddenly turned into a red light and rushed out!
His Soul Power was strong enough. Controlling this clone was as easy as controlling his own arm.
Looking at the current Xun, Luo Zheng thought of the Sword Spirit in the past. The two of them were surprisingly similar, but the clone in front of him was more powerful!
"Everyone's clones have been condensed. It's time to set off," the sword mastiff said with a smile. "Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, your clones are the most powerful. Please follow us."
After saying that, the sword mastiff once again took the lead and walked toward the endless fog. Luo Zheng and Luo Yan followed closely behind. The other True Gods also followed.
Although everyone had obtained a powerful clone here, when they looked at the thick fog again and noticed the faintly flickering silhouettes in it, all of them suddenly became serious again.
They walked forward for dozens of miles, then plunged into the fog.
As far as the eye could see, the scenery around him was hazy, as if he was shrouded in clouds and mist.

Chapter 2038
&nb
"Stop it." (Baidu Search Gives Power Net Update Fastest and Most Stable WwW.GeiLWX. Com) "
The Sword Mastiff, who was walking at the front, suddenly stopped and looked to the side.
Everyone suddenly stopped and followed the Sword Mastiff's line of sight.
In the heavy fog, there was nothing.
Previously, they could still see those huge shadows in the fog … …
But at this moment, those shadows disappeared, as if all of them had retreated into the depths of the fog.
"Why did you stop?"
"It seems that there is nothing … …"
"I didn't see anything."
The True Gods looked at each other in dismay.
The Sword Mastiff also frowned. Could it be that his perception was wrong?
Thinking of this, he flicked his finger gently.
"Whoosh!"
From his cuff, there was the sound of a sword being unsheathed.
A mini sword suddenly flew out and hovered in front of his eyes.
This sword was only the length of a palm, but the sword body, the hilt, and every detail was very delicate.
"Sword order is like a mountain, evil karma is like retribution, if there is danger, it will cry!"
"Weng —"
The mini sword kept crying in front of the Sword Mastiff.
But the direction of the sword tip was not fixed, it kept floating around.
After a while, this mini sword actually pointed directly to the ground!
"Underground?"
The Sword Clan's disciples looked at each other. The Sword Mastiff frowned and said, "It is indeed underground, everyone pay attention to your feet!"
This mini sword was the Sword Clan's most precious treasure, the Sword Clan's Calamity Reversal Sword. To a certain extent, it could detect the direction of danger.
Burrow into the ground?
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and then he asked, "Do those fear incarnations have intelligence?"
This was a very important question.
If it was an ordinary incarnation, even if it was powerful and had no intelligence, it would not be too difficult to deal with it. A mechanical and stupid opponent always had many flaws and weaknesses.
But once it had extremely smart intelligence, it would be very troublesome.
They would be good at hiding their shortcomings and exert their abilities to the strongest … …
"Yes, there is! They all possess intelligence corresponding to their original bodies, and even have their original memories! "The Sword Mastiff replied.
"The original memories exist?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
The Sword Puppet nodded and smiled bitterly: "Isn't it magical?"
"How is that possible …" Luo Zheng sighed.
"It can indeed be done. If you fear a certain creature in the Divine Realm, then all of that creature's memories, temperament, and habits will be copied without the slightest difference. Our sword race has long since confirmed this," said the sword mastiff.
He looked at Luo Zheng's expression of disbelief and continued, "You have to know that the ones who set up the Battle of Dao are powerful beings of the Nirvana Realm. They are beings that surpass our level. What they can see and do is far beyond our imagination …"
"Yes."
Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng didn't even know what a Nirvana Realm expert was.
But that was definitely an existence that surpassed a Saint … …
It was very likely that this kind of creature was an existence above their level. It was reasonable for the skeleton to be able to set up such an unimaginable restriction.
Just as Luo Zheng nodded his head, Luo Zheng's expression changed.
"Kacha!"
Everyone suddenly heard a sound coming from underground.
At the same time, the direction of the mini sword floating in front of the Sword Mastiff suddenly changed!
"It's here! Position, right, back, down! "said the Sword Puppet anxiously.
Although he gave a warning in advance, he only pointed out the approximate position. Many True Gods were still confused.
"Ah! Below, below … … "
"It's underground! Quickly pull Tang Jie out! "
Everyone's gazes gathered and saw that Tang Jie's entire body had sunk in. Only half of his body was exposed outside.
Even though Tang Jie struggled with all his might, there was something below that was pulling him down at a high speed ….
"Hmph!"
Dongfang Gui, who was not far away, had a thought, and a khaki-colored clone rushed out from the other side.
That clone carried a saber, and his body sank slightly. In an instant, the saber waved out a crescent-shaped saber light and stood on the ground.
Dongfang Gui's clone was another Saint of the Dongfang family, Dongfang Zhang Dao.
"Pu!"
This saber opened up a large hole in the ground.
Tang Jie had already buried more than half of his body. With this slash, everything below his abdomen was neatly cut off!
"Dongfang Gui, how can you attack Tang Jie!" Tang Xu said angrily.
With this slash, Tang Xu finally managed to drag Tang Jie out, but only half of his body remained. His legs and buttocks were all chopped off by Dongfang Gui's doppelganger. Naturally, Tang Xu was furious.
"It didn't damage his dantian, nor did it injure his soul. Breaking his legs is better than being dragged away," said Dongfang Gui coldly.
As a True God, as long as his dantian wasn't destroyed and his soul wasn't destroyed, the other injuries could be healed.
The Sword Puppet's figure flashed and also rushed over. The long sword gently poked at the ground and picked up a part of the thing in the soil. It was a part of the tentacle that was constantly wriggling. Just now, when Dongfang Gui controlled the avatar to slash, it also cut off a part of the tentacle of the unknown creature.
"What kind of creature is this? Who has seen it before? "asked the Sword Puppet.
The creatures that appeared in the fog were all formed from the fear of this group of people. Someone should be able to recognize it.
Those True Gods looked at the tentacle and shook their heads.
But not far away, Nan Long Hua saw this thing, and her face suddenly became very ugly. "This, this can't be the ancient Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake, right?"
"How can it be?"
"The Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake is an ancient monster. With the extinction of the Saints, it has also disappeared. Who the hell has seen this thing?"
The True Gods all began to cry out.
Nan Long Hua held back for a while, and then said, "I, I have seen it …"
The True Gods all looked at Nan Long Hua with strange eyes.
Seeing that no one was willing to believe her, Nan Long Hua said, "Just now, I saw many tentacles in the fog, and I wondered if it was this … My Nan Long family has a secret cultivation area left behind from ancient times. After it was repaired by my father, the disciples of the Nan Long family can cultivate in it. In this secret area, you can see the ancient Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake. When I was young, I saw it once, and it gave me three years of nightmares …"
After hearing Nan Long Hua's words, the True Gods present suddenly became restless.
"Motherf * cker! Repair the ancient ruins? You're going to get us killed! "
"The Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake is an ancient monster. This time, it's really troublesome!"
"In the ancient records, the Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake is indeed good at swimming underground. This underground layer is formed by countless years of rotting bark and roots. It's very suitable for it to swim …"
The True Gods present stared fiercely at Nan Long Hua.
But this kind of thing couldn't be blamed on Nan Long Hua. Everyone had something they were afraid of. Nan Long Hua had seen the Hundred-Touched Heavenly Snake when she was very young. After she became an adult, she had almost forgotten about it. However, this kind of memory was usually hidden in the depths of her heart. After arriving at the Battle of Dao, it was finally awakened.

Chapter 2039
&nb
Apart from Nan Longhua, who knew what other powerful fears these people had in their hearts?
Although they had used their True Meaning of the Dao to create a powerful avatar, this avatar couldn't give them a complete feeling. "Sword Mastiff, can we still withdraw?"
A descendant of a wealthy family asked. Many True Gods had thoughts of retreating …
It wasn't that these True Gods were timid. In fact, ever since they participated in the Dao Battle, they had never retreated a single step.
After all, the True Gods who were qualified to participate in the Dao Battle were top-notch existences in the Divine Realm. This qualification wasn't easy to obtain, so who would be willing to give it up so easily?
Once they really inherited the inheritance of the skeleton, not only themselves, but even the family behind them would benefit greatly!
They were the hopes of their respective families.
But now, they were facing a hopeless situation!
The Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake was a famous ferocious creature from ancient times. It was recorded in many ancient books passed down from ancient times.
Aside from the White Touch Heavenly Snake, who knew what these True Gods were actually afraid of?!
Even if there was only a one in ten thousand chance, these True Gods would fight for it.
If there was a 100% chance of failure, they would naturally have thoughts of retreating.
Sword Mastiff glanced at the True Gods and smiled. "We can go back."
"Then what are we hesitating for?"
"Let's retreat!"
"Go back the way you came. Everyone, stick together …" At this moment, Sword Mastiff said, "I'm not done yet.
At that moment, Sword Mastiff added, "I haven't finished speaking. If you want to go back, go back yourselves. We Sword race disciples won't retreat. Besides, the Fear Avatars are already in the fog." With that said, Sword Mastiff raised his palm. The Calamity Averting Sword was still swaying in his hand, drifting up and down. This meant that the Fear Avatars had already surrounded them. "I'm afraid you will die even more miserably on the way back. As for what you choose, it's up to you."
The True Gods looked at the Calamity Averting Sword in Sword Mastiff's hand and fell silent.
Without a doubt, the Sword Mastiff was the backbone of this team. Without his leadership, the consequences of rashly returning would be even worse.
"Let's go. Perhaps we can still fight if we move forward." Sword Mastiff looked at Luo Zheng and Luo Yan and said, "In the countless Dao Battles of our Sword Race, no one has ever condensed an A-rank avatar. The situation isn't as bad as you think."
Hearing Jian Ao's words, the Real Gods fixed their gazes on Luo Zheng and his doppelganger again.
They knew that Luo Zheng's doppelganger was different, but they didn't know how powerful it was.
Sword Mastiff said, carefully protecting the Calamity Averting Sword in his hand as he led the Sword Clan disciples forward.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan followed him without saying anything.
Nan Long Hua glanced at the True Gods. She was afraid that these True Gods would take their anger out on her and attack her, so she also trotted along …
In the team, there was a short True God. This True God had a pair of soybean-sized eyes. He stared at the fog in the distance, and a faint smile appeared on his face. Then, he strolled over.
This True God was very inconspicuous in the team. Ordinary people wouldn't notice him.
However, when he descended from above Ruo Mu, he had accurately counted the number of True Gods who had self-destructed.
In fact, the quality of his doppelganger was also very good. It was only slightly weaker than the doppelganger summoned by the Sword Mastiff. If it was a normal Dao Battle, it would be very eye-catching. However, the performance of the Luo Family siblings in this Dao Battle was too dazzling. Instead, no one noticed him.
Although the other True Gods were very conflicted, they knew that if they returned with their own abilities, they would probably die even faster. They could only brace themselves and go forward.
Dongfang Gui took out a milky white pill and threw it to Tang Jie. Looking at Nan Long Hua's back, a cold smile appeared on his face. "I didn't expect the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake to appear. The world is really big and full of strange things. It can be considered a helping hand. However, compared to that thing, this Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake is nothing!"
Even in the boundless fog, the path led by the Sword Mastiff was not without direction.
The Dao Battle was a wedge-shaped area. Following one direction, it became narrower and narrower.
Although the Calamity Averting Sword in the Sword Mastiff's hand was trembling violently, the journey was unexpectedly smooth.
However, the True Gods in the team were all veterans. They knew very well that this kind of calm was very abnormal …
After walking for a hundred li, the Calamity Averting Sword in the Sword Mastiff's hand suddenly pointed straight ahead!
"Be careful! Direction, straight, ahead! "
The Sword Mastiff said loudly.
"Sou sou sou …"
The ten doppelgangers quickly moved to the front.
These doppelgangers could not be destroyed. Immediately, the Sword Tribe disciples controlled their doppelgangers to charge forward.
"Roar!"
From the fog, a tall figure suddenly charged out.
It was a huge grey-white rhinoceros!
The most eye-catching part of this huge rhinoceros was the huge horn on its nose. On that horn, streaks of purple lightning turned into lightning rings that constantly coiled around it. Every time its four hooves took a step, it would leave a lightning footprint on the ground. It really was like thunder rumbling.
Previously, no one knew where this huge snake was hiding. Suddenly, it rolled out like a mountain. Accompanied by the sound of the lightning rings on its horn exploding, its aura was extraordinary.
"Get out of the way!"
The Sword Mastiff shouted loudly.
The Sword Tribe disciples at the front instantly separated to two sides.
"It's the Thunder Giant Rhinoceros!"
"It's the level five vicious beast of Buzhou Spiritual Mountain!"
"Whose Fear Incarnation is this …?"
"I don't care who it is, run! Don't fight this guy head on. When this thing is angry, it can even pierce through a mountain! "
As soon as the Sword Tribe disciples moved away, the True Gods also quickly separated to create a path.
The Thunder Giant Rhinoceros was an extremely reckless level five vicious beast. It was famous in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain.
However, despite its ferocious nature, the rhinoceros did not possess high intelligence. It was known for its recklessness. There was once a True God who had provoked this rhinoceros, and the rhinoceros chased him all the way through hundreds of mountains in Buzhou Sacred Mountain.
"Let's go, don't fight this rhinoceros head on," Luo Zheng said.
Although Luo Zheng also wanted to test the power of his doppelgangers, seeing the Thunder Giant Rhinoceros coming over menacingly, he did not want to face it head on.
Who knew that Luo Yan would just smile and stand there motionlessly.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Brother, have you forgotten that I stayed in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain for so long? I have a way to deal with it, "Luo Yan said calmly.
Although Luo Yan rarely had the chance to exchange pointers with True Gods, or even have the chance to temper herself in life and death battles, she had trained herself a lot in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain …
After Yu Taibai took control of Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, she could move freely in the forbidden area.
Whether it was the Black Mountain Ghost Monkey or the Heavenly Eye Spirit Snake, she was familiar with their weaknesses …
The Thunder Giant Rhinoceros in front of her was no exception.
Although it was incomparably ferocious, Luo Yan knew that the Thunder Giant Rhinoceros had a fatal weakness.
"Why aren't you leaving! Quickly get out of the way! "
The Sword Puppet had already moved far away, but suddenly saw that Luo Zheng and his sister were actually motionless. Especially that Luo Yan, who was still standing in front of the rhinoceros.
Facing the mountain-like Thunder Giant Rhinoceros with her petite body? What a joke!
But when he spoke to warn them, the Thunder Giant Rhinoceros had already rushed in front of Luo Yan.

Chapter 2040
&nb
Because of Yu Taibai's existence, Luo Yan can be guaranteed to have a relatively safe experience.
Although this kind of experience can't be said to be a tempering between life and death, it can still reach the point where practice makes perfect.
At least, the vast majority of upper True Gods will turn around and run when facing the Thunder Rhino, but Luo Yan can already deal with it calmly after practicing again and again.
Luo Zheng stands behind his sister and doesn't move.
Since Luo Yan is so confident, he can't stop her.
But he naturally always pays attention. If there's the slightest thing wrong, he will certainly make a move.
Seeing that the Thunder Rhino is getting closer and closer, Luo Yan and her doppelganger, one left one right, suddenly separated, dodging to the sides … …
Thus, it became Luo Zheng's turn to face the Thunder Rhino.
"Yan 'er, this … …"
Looking at the aggressive Thunder Rhino, Luo Zheng stares blankly. He thought that Luo Yan deliberately wants him to deal with this rhino.
"Whoosh!"
While Luo Yan's doppelganger dodges, her long sword suddenly pops out and slashes on the Thunder Rhino's horn.
"You actually attacked the Thunder Rhino's horn!"
"So stupid, isn't it courting death by provoking it?"
"I really haven't seen anyone touch its horn … …"
The toughest part of the Thunder Rhino's body was the thick horn on its nose.
The thunder ring on this horn is very powerful, and the horn itself is incomparably strong. It can be considered a very top material in Buzhou Spiritual Mountain!
But no one is willing to touch this horn, because after attacking the horn, it will make the Thunder Rhino fall into a violent rage and become more and more difficult to provoke.
Therefore, even some Perfect Paragons would carefully avoid the Thunder Rhino's horn when facing it. They didn't expect Luo Yan to deliberately attack the horn!
"Clang!"
Accompanied by a crisp sound.
The Thunder Rhino suddenly stops in place, its eyes become red. After roaring on the spot, it actually dares to charge at Luo Yan's doppelganger without regard for its own safety.
Luo Yan's doppelganger is on the right, and Luo Yan is on the left.
Seeing the Thunder Rhino twist its neck and go straight for the doppelganger, Luo Yan's tiptoes lightly, like an agile swallow, lightly floated.
"Whoosh!"
She actually stuck herself onto the Thunder Rhino's neck.
Seeing Luo Yan's bold action, many True Gods are stunned.
They have never seen anyone who dares to get close to the Thunder Rhino … … …
The most common way to deal with this beast was to have a very fast True God lead the Thunder Rhino all the way, and then have a group of True Gods bombard it.
Being approached by the Thunder Rhino is almost equivalent to death.
Not only does Luo Yan not avoid it, but she also pounces, which is almost equivalent to courting death.
"Roar, roar, roar!"
The Thunder Rhino seems to realize something and begins to crazily shake its neck.
However, this giant rhino's neck is short and thick. No matter how it resists, it can't attack Luo Yan.
This scene caused the True Gods to tremble with fear.
Luo Zheng's face also shows a nervous expression. Although he believes that Luo Yan has the ability to subdue this guy, but seeing Luo Yan climb on the neck of this fierce beast, he is still very worried!
The Thunder Rhino keeps twisting, but it still can't throw Luo Yan off. Then the thunder ring on its rhino horn suddenly flashes.
"Zi zi zi … …"
From head to toe, the Thunder Rhinoceros's pores began to emit bolts of purple lightning.
"Clap clap clap … …"
Just before the purple thunder blooms, the necklace hanging on Luo Yan's chest begins to flicker.
All of the purple lightning surged into the necklace.
This necklace of hers can actually absorb all the thunder and lightning without leaking a drop. This kind of treasure is also extremely rare!
"A lightning-repelling treasure?"
"It can completely absorb the lightning of the Thunder Rhino, this wouldn't be a faith treasure, right?"
"It's definitely not an ordinary grandmist treasure!"
"No wonder she dares to get close … …"
That inconspicuous necklace immediately attracted everyone's attention.
Luo Yan circled around the Thunder Rhino's neck, the purple light in her hand flickering … …
"I'm sorry," her eyes show that she can't bear to see it.
In the Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, she has been tempered for a long time, but she also rarely kills. Through the ability given to her by Yu Taibai, she can even communicate with the fierce beasts in the Buzhou Spiritual Mountain and treat them as friends.
The Thunder Rhino in front of her is actually a manifestation of fear. Although she knows, she still can't bear it.
After saying that, she softly spits out a word.
"Strong," Wang Yao said.
As the purple light condensed, it turned into a purple spike.
"Poof!"
She directly pierced the sharp spike into the Thunder Rhino's ear from the bottom of its ear.
It's as if the spike has pierced half of its body … …
"Boom!"
Suddenly, a dazzling thunder burst out from the Thunder Rhino's body.
The thunder instantly submerged the giant rhino and Luo Yan together. Under such a dazzling light, Luo Yan also disappeared.
"Yan 'er!"
Luo Zheng takes two steps forward.
Under the continuous emergence of the thunder, even he can't rush in.
The lightning lasted for six or seven breaths of time before it finally stopped.
When Luo Zheng sees clearly, he breathes a sigh of relief.
That aggressive Thunder Rhinoceros was already lying on the ground. There was a small bloody hole under its ear. The blood around it had already been dried by the lightning. Seeing that the Thunder Rhinoceros was lying on the ground motionless, it must be dead!
Luo Yan, on the other hand, was standing on the back of the giant rhinoceros with a helpless expression on her face.
"So strong … …"
"In just a few breaths of time, she killed a Thunder Rhino with rough skin and thick flesh. Even a Perfection can't do that!"
"Four years ago, I entered Buzhou Spiritual Mountain with a Perfection expert of my clan. At that time, in order to obtain the Thunder Rhino's Thunder Rhino Horn, three Perfection experts of my clan spent less than an hour to kill the Thunder Rhino!"
Although many True Gods know that Luo Yan is extraordinary, they probably think that she has cultivated some special ability. Her strength is not as strong as it seems.
Only now did they understand that this girl was not as simple as they had imagined.
Luo Yan floats lightly and stands in front of Luo Zheng. The necklace around her neck has purple thunder and lightning constantly moving back and forth. It seems that the thunder and lightning bursting out of the Thunder Rhino is absorbed by the necklace.
"Yan 'er, you're so strong. You can actually kill it so easily … …" Luo Zheng sighs. Now he is very convinced of his sister's strength.
Luo Yan says calmly, "In fact, I didn't kill it. I just pierced the thunder sac in the middle of its neck and let it explode itself. And … … if it wasn't for the necklace that eldest senior brother gave me, I wouldn't dare to get close to it!"
The Thunder Rhino's thunder power is extremely strong. If it explodes, not to mention upper True Gods, even some Perfection experts will not be able to face it head on.
But that necklace is indeed a faith treasure from Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, the Blue Sky Thunderbolt Chain. Although it is only a level one faith treasure, its ability to absorb thunder is very strong. Except for two or three kinds of thunder and lightning in the Divine Domain, it can absorb all the other thunder and lightning.
In addition to relying on this necklace, Luo Yan also knows the habits and weaknesses of the Thunder Rhino very well.
Otherwise, it would not be so easy to kill the rhino.

Chapter 2041
&nb
In the depths of the fog. (Baidu Search Gives Power Network Update Fastest and Most Stable WwW.GeiLWX. Com)
A black fog slowly coiled up. This fog was mixed with endless resentment.
As the resentment continued to stack on top of each other, it formed a huge black figure.
"Day Walking Zombies, Night Demon King Descend, you vermin! You must all listen to my orders! "
The Fear Incarnations themselves all had memories.
There were a few lower level Fear Incarnations, such as that Rushing Thunder Rhinoceros. Although it had memories, its body was relatively stupid. Naturally, it only charged forward to attack the True Gods.
However, it was different for some intelligent beings.
They did not know how they came to this place, but these Fear Incarnations themselves were extremely powerful. Some were even the overlords of forbidden grounds, so they inevitably had some conflicts with each other.
For example, that coiling black figure was the Soul Desolate's Evil God, a kind of powerful Resentful Spirit!
"Ha, ha, ha … Insignificant Evil God, you dare spout nonsense. Can you block my Thunder Clap?"
"Zi, zi, zi …"
The one who spoke was a man wrapped in lightning.
This man was not in a corporeal form. Every part of his body was composed of lightning, and his surroundings were wrapped in a ball of lightning.
If a True God saw this person, perhaps they would cry out in alarm. Several Divine Epochs ago, the madman Star Lin that moved unhindered through the Divine Realm had unexpectedly revived …
This Star Lin cultivated a very special Outer Dao ability from the Black Thunder Divine Path. He turned his body into lightning. Although he was only at the Great Perfection Stage, under the lightning form, he had the ability to not die and not be destroyed!
Relying on this ability, the Star Lin committed all kinds of crimes in the Divine Realm. He alarmed several powerful families, attracting the pursuit of several Great Perfection Stage cultivators, but they were still helpless against him.
In this form, he already could not be considered a living creature, but rather a kind of Thunder Clap with intelligence …
As long as there was lightning, he would be able to revive in an instant.
It was said that later on, a certain Saint took action, banishing him into the primal chaos …
The star scale was unable to absorb the energy from the primal chaos, and in the end, it died from the exhaustion of lightning!
Up until now, no one knew how the Star Scale comprehended this kind of ability. Some people said the Star Scale was definitely at the behest of demons and gods, fusing several kinds of Divine Daos to be able to possess this kind of form. Others said the Star Scale had definitely obtained some kind of ancient inheritance.
Such a villain had actually appeared in the Land of Dao Struggle. Who knew whose fear he was?
"I, the Evil God, am not afraid of lightning!"
"Huff huff huff …"
After saying that, the Desolate Soul God's hands, which looked like ghost claws, moved toward Xing Lin.
"Hahahahaha, no matter how powerful you are, you're nothing more than an evil spirit. Let's see if you're afraid!"
Xing Lin howled with laughter as he shot out like a bolt of lightning …
The two Fear Incarnations were actually fighting each other!
"Insect, show me what you've got!"
Just as the Desolate Soul God had said, it did not seem to be afraid of lightning.
A black circle flowed out of the Desolate Soul God's hands, trapping Xing Lin within!
"You're just an incarnation of lightning, but in my eyes, you're just so-so, hahaha! Struggle, insect! "
Under the seal of the black circle, the Star Scale was unable to break out of it no matter how hard it tried.
However, it was nearly impossible for the Desolate Soul God to kill Xing Lin …
Just as the two were fighting with all their might, there was suddenly a heavy thud. It sounded like heavy footsteps.
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
When the footsteps had sounded three times, a certain colossus in the depths of the fog had approached.
Then, the Desolate Soul God and Xing Lin looked up at the same time!
A massive red foot appeared in the sky. Its sharp toes were several dozen feet long, and the entire foot was over a hundred feet long!
"Dong!"
Evil Soul Desolate God and Xing Lin were directly trampled by the stomp of his foot.
However, whether it was the Desolate Soul God or Xing Lin, their bodies were not corporeal.
The Desolate Soul God turned into wisps of black fog and escaped from the cracks, returning to his original form.
At the same time, Xing Lin also turned into lightning and shot out. Looking at the massive figure above him, his face turned pale.
The behemoth suddenly bent down, and its huge head descended from the layers of mist.
The Desolate Soul God's body was also over a hundred feet long, but compared to the massive figure, he was as small as an insect!
"You, who are you!"
The Desolate Soul God no longer called the massive figure an insect.
"Hahaha, I don't like dirty souls." A sinister smile appeared on the massive figure's face. Then, it stretched out a finger and pointed at the Desolate Soul God.
"Pa!"
A red bolt of lightning struck the Desolate Soul God's body.
The red lightning contained boundless power. The Desolate Soul Evil God couldn't even struggle before he was annihilated in the blink of an eye.
Xing Lin stood on the spot, not daring to move. He stammered, "You, you are a demon from the Abyss!"
The Abyss Demon Domain had many unimaginable ferocious creatures …
There were imps, evil spirits, and Abyss Demon Envoys.
But the ones who truly ruled the Abyss Demon Realm were the Demons!
"Haha, you are right. Submit to me, explore this world, and then report back to me!" The Abyss Demon said indifferently.
The demons of the Abyss Demon Domain were an extremely intelligent race.
Although they were unable to leave the Abyss Demon Domain, their use of energy and research were even stronger than the Saints.
Therefore, even the Saints did not dare to go to the bottom of the Abyss Demon Domain. Those powerful demons would use powerful and endless methods to bury the Saints.
"I, Xing Lin, submit to you!"
Xing Lin did not dare to resist. He felt that this demon indeed had the means to kill him again. This kind of powerful existence had power that Xing Lin could not imagine.
"Go, go explore this fog. I want to know who brought me here. I, Tue, will not listen to anyone …" The demon muttered.
"Pa!"
Starscale instantly turned into a bolt of lightning and shot off into the distance.
Just as Starscale left … ….
A woman walked out from the dense fog.
This woman's hair was hundreds of feet long. It was like a beautiful black silk that was dragged on the ground. It gave off a black pearl like luster.
Her beautiful eyelids were suffused with a faint purple light, and under the purple eyelids were a pair of flirtatious red eyes.
Seeing the woman slowly walking towards him, this demon had a strange feeling.
So the demon did not immediately make a move. Instead, he asked condescendingly, "Woman, who are you?"
The woman glanced at the demon indifferently. Then as if she did not see him, she used a slow and elegant pace to walk past him.

Chapter 2042
&nb
As a demon of the abyss, Tue would not allow anyone to ignore him. (Baidu Search is the fastest and most stable update of WwW.GeiLWX.Com)
Although he could vaguely sense that this woman was different, he still waved his huge fist and smashed it heavily in front of her.
"Dong!"
The fist, which was like a small mountain, came crashing down, forming a huge depression in front of the woman.
This punch created a strong wind, and the woman's hair, which was hundreds of feet long, danced in the wind like a slender ribbon …
"Answer my question, woman!" Tu 'e said coldly.
The woman smiled faintly. "You don't even know what you are, so I don't have to answer you."
"What do you mean?" Tue asked in a low voice.
In the knowledge of demons, there was nothing they could not understand.
But now, he had inexplicably appeared in this misty world, and his body was being restrained by a powerful force.
He could not leave this place, and at the same time, there was a special murderous intent in his heart.
This murderous intent did not belong to him, but in the depths of his soul, it kept telling him to kill some living beings, and he could not resist.
This made the powerful Tue feel terrible.
"Scram," the woman said faintly.
"You're asking for death."
Tue raised his huge fist and smashed it down again. This time, he smashed it at the woman himself.
At this moment, the woman raised her head slightly.
A strand of her hair that was over a thousand feet long had already started to flutter in the air.
The woman's hair was as soft as the down of a swan, but when that strand of hair floated up, the moment it tightened, it exploded with astonishing strength.
"Pfft!"
In the blink of an eye, that strand of hair brushed past Tue's huge arm.
"Plop …"
Tue's arm, which had been cut off, fell from the air and smashed a huge crater in the ground.
From the wound on his arm, magma-like blood spurted out.
"Chi —"
Wherever that fiery red blood went, it wildly corroded everything.
Demon blood also had a strong corrosive effect.
The blood was splattered everywhere. It was scattered in front of the woman, behind her, to her left, and to her right. However, not a single drop fell on her body. It was unknown whether it was due to luck or because she had a special ability that allowed her to easily avoid it …
"Woman!" Tue roared angrily.
But the woman didn't even turn her head once. She walked deeper into the fog without consulting him.
There was also some confusion on her face.
"This place … was formed by the thoughts of good and evil. The true meaning of good and evil should be in Ruo Mu. Everything here was created by the captain, but I … whose fear?"
Over the years, the number of people who had seen her could be counted on one hand …
Since she was here, she felt that it was necessary to meet the captain.
Nb …
Nb …
At the same time, on the other side.
"Good!"
Sword Mastiff stared at the thunder rhinoceros on the ground and laughed loudly, cheering for Luo Yan. "These fear incarnations are not necessarily powerful!"
In fact, Sword Mastiff knew very well how terrifying the fear incarnations were. This thunder rhinoceros was probably the weakest of them all.
But he also knew that if these True Gods gave up resisting, the pressure on them would be even greater, and the possibility of passing through the land of the Battle of Dao would be even smaller!
So Sword Mastiff needed to take the opportunity to boost their morale.
Luo Yan's method had indeed restored the confidence of the True Gods who were about to retreat.
At least they were not facing this fear incarnation alone. There were still many powerful people in this team who might be able to help them through this difficult time.
"Everyone, as you can see, these fear incarnations are not as terrifying as you think. Moreover, you all have a powerful helper by your side. Those incarnations formed by the true meaning of the Dao will not be destroyed, and in terms of strength, they are much stronger than you …" Sword Mastiff added.
"That's right! The fear in our hearts may not be that powerful! "
"This is also a kind of tempering of the Dao Heart. If you can defeat your own fear, it will be of great help to your Dao Heart!"
"… …"
While everyone was jumping for joy, a rustling sound suddenly came from not far away.
"Weng!"
Sword Mastiff's Calamity Crossing Sword suddenly trembled and pointed to the side.
"Attention!"
Sword Mastiff's expression changed, and everyone looked over.
"Hiss, hiss, hiss …"
A small snake scuttled out of the fog.
Originally, everyone's faces were very solemn, but when they saw the little snake clearly, they suddenly didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
It was actually an ordinary flower snake, a very common poisonous snake in the Realm of Gods. It couldn't even be considered a vicious beast. Ordinary Gods could easily kill it …
"This is also a fear incarnation?"
"Hahaha, who would be afraid of such a small snake!"
"There's actually someone afraid of this thing …"
"Whose fear incarnation is it? Hurry up and admit it!"
The True Gods laughed.
"It should be … … me … …"
A black-haired youth stood up, the expression on his face extremely unnatural.
This black-haired youth was called Liu Liang, and he came from the Liu family of the Agarwood Region.
"Liu Liang? No way, you're actually afraid of a small flower snake? "
"No matter what, you're still an upper True God, right?"
"Whoosh!"
A True God's hand shot out a sharp light, which instantly cut the little flower snake into pieces. Most of the True Gods were laughing at Liu Liang.
Only Sword Mastiff saw that something was wrong. He stared at Liu Liang and asked, "Are you sure you're afraid of this small flower snake?"
Liu Liang looked at the fog in front of him, his eyes revealing a confused expression. He muttered, "Actually, it's not. What I'm most afraid of is … the snake spirit. The snake spirit can transform into a sea of snakes. This small flower snake is only one of them …"
As he spoke, he seemed to have sunk into the past that he could not bear to recall.
His father had perished in the sea of snakes … …
"Serpent Spirit!"
Sword Mastiff finally understood why Liu Liang's expression was so ugly after seeing this small flower snake.
As soon as his voice fell, all the True Gods heard a hissing sound coming from the fog.
"Weng weng weng —"
Calamity Passing Sword in Sword Mastiff's hand began to spin wildly!
"It's a snake swarm," Luo Zheng said, staring at the flickering snake shadows in the fog.
"No … it's a sea of snakes!" Liu Liang's eyes finally revealed a look of fear.
In the blink of an eye, countless snakes rushed out of the fog.
There were palm-sized snakes, huge snakes that stretched as far as the eye could see, and all kinds of colorful venomous snakes!
Some of the snakes were just ordinary creatures, but there were also some snakes that were forbidden.
"Rise to the sky!" Sword Mastiff ordered, "Find a way to find that snake spirit. Otherwise, we will be drowned by this endless sea of snakes!"
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Just a moment ago, the True God shot into the sky, and a slender shadow shot out from the sky.
It turned out that there were also countless flying snakes in the sky converging from all directions!
"Kill these snakes!"
"It's just a small snake, what are you afraid of!"
"That's right, our True God isn't afraid of any poison …"
The True Gods began to fight back.
Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly. Smoke had already rushed towards the layers of snakes. With a light sweep, a thin arc of light swept far away. In the blink of an eye, perhaps thousands of snakes were swept in two.
"It's not difficult to deal with," Luo Zheng said in his heart.
The other True Gods also discovered that most of the snakes were very weak and could be killed at will. Their mood relaxed.
But soon, they realized that it was just an illusion …
Suddenly, a large black shadow appeared from the fog. When the black shadow approached, they discovered that it was a group of snakes entwined together, forming a wave that was rolling towards them.
This was the real sea of snakes.

Chapter 2043
&nb
If it was an ordinary group of snakes, no matter how many there were, they wouldn't be much of a threat to these True Gods. (Baidu Search Gives Power Network Update Fastest and Most Stable WwW.GeiLWX. Com)
Even if it was a sea of snakes, it wasn't much of a threat.
With the abilities of these True Gods, the large number of snakes couldn't even get close before they were turned into powder by various methods. The threat wasn't much.
"So what if it's a sea of snakes? It's just poisonous snakes. Burn as many as there are! "
"Hula la la …"
A disciple of a rich family took out a black fire dragon.
The fire dragon rushed into the sea of snakes and rolled. Tens of thousands of snakes were burned to ashes!
"Wind demon, listen to my command …"
Another upper True God condensed a light green shadow in his hands. After the shadow condensed, it immediately turned into a gust of wind and rushed into the sea of snakes. Countless poisonous snakes were immediately torn to pieces by the wind demon!
Under everyone's attack, the aggressive sea of snakes couldn't rush up at all. It was indeed no threat.
Even the flying snakes that came from the sky were killed in an instant.
"Hehe, these snakes can't even be considered Vicious Beasts. Even if it's a sea of snakes, what's there to be afraid of?"
"Liu Liang, why are you scared by these snakes?"
"These venomous snakes are as easy as chopping melons and vegetables …"
Many of the True Gods didn't think much of these snakes.
However, Liu Liang said, "It's not like what you think. This sea of snakes … will become more and more powerful!"
"How powerful can it be?" someone asked disdainfully.
Snake spirits were rare in the divine realm. Most True Gods had never even heard of them, let alone seen them. Naturally, they didn't know how terrifying they were.
"Very powerful. If you can't find a snake spirit, even a peak expert will be drowned by those snakes," the sword mastiff in the air said. He waved his hand and dazzling sword light spread in all directions. The flying snakes in the sky were cut into countless pieces and fell down.
Just as he finished speaking, someone said, "It's different. Those snakes have become stronger. They're green snakes! A Class 1 vicious beast from the Fallen Leaf Forbidden Area! "
There were many types of snakes in the Divine Realm, and the differences in strength were great. Weak snakes could be easily killed by ordinary Divine Folk, and some large snakes in ancient legends could even fight against Saints.
However, those ancient legendary serpents had either disappeared or gone into hiding, so they weren't commonly seen.
The Sword Mastiff had heard of the legend of the Spirit Snake.
This snake spirit was a very special kind of creature, or rather, it was not a creature at all, but a snake curse left behind from ancient times.
When the Snake Spirit appeared, it would continuously summon an endless number of snakes to devour all living things around it, leaving no one alive.
Sword Mastiff had once read about the legend of the Serpent Spirit in the Sword Race. In the records of the Sword Race, the Serpent Spirit had appeared a total of three times, and each time it appeared, it could completely destroy a divine city …
There were two divine cities, one with the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet and the other with the Hundred Commandments Stone Tablet.
The slates used to protect these cities were extraordinarily powerful, and there were quite a few upper True Gods among them. One of the cities even had a perfected True God guarding it, but in the end, without exception, the cities were breached, and the True Gods inside were all bitten to death by the snakes.
At first, the snakes that had rushed up were all small fries, so they could naturally slaughter them as they wished.
Now, the green snakes that had rushed up were Class 1 vicious beasts. Although they weren't very powerful, they weren't as easy to kill as before …
Soon, they would become Class 2 vicious beasts, Class 3 vicious beasts, and even Class 4 vicious beasts.
"If we blindly guard this place, we won't be able to escape death. We have to kill our way out! Only by finding the Serpent Spirit and killing it can we end this sea of snakes! If you want to live, please come with me! "Sword Mastiff said loudly.
Then, he and his doppelganger took the lead and rushed to the front.
One person and one clone struck out at the same time. Sword light weaved together, quickly weaving an illusory world of light and shadow. From this world of light and shadow, there were countless sword lights. These sword lights formed a powerful torrent that rushed forward.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
Under such a charge, a gap was created in the sea of insects.
"Let's go!"
"Swish swish swish …"
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan didn't hesitate and followed closely behind Sword Mastiff.
When the other True Gods saw this, they followed one after another …
The remaining True Gods were originally hesitant, but looking at the vast sea of snakes, they understood the seriousness of the matter and could only follow.
"Luo Family's siblings, help me open a path. I will find the Serpent Spirit!" Sword Mastiff suddenly said.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Leave it to me!"
Sword Mastiff spun at high speed like a windmill, quickly rushing forward. Any snake that was caught in it was crushed into pieces. For a moment, the smell of blood soared into the sky. Miasma filled the air, but because of this, everyone's speed increased quite a bit …
Sword Mastiff's Calamity Pass Sword was still crazily spinning.
There were simply too many snakes here, so the Calamity Pass Sword naturally pointed in all directions.
"The sword's command is like a mountain, don't report the weak, cry out first in great calamity!"
The target he wanted to find was naturally these countless small snakes. Right now, he could only let the Calamity Pass Sword ignore these low level vicious creatures and find the more powerful Serpent Spirit.
Once Sword Mastiff gave the command, the Calamity Pass Sword became sluggish and no longer reacted to the sea of snakes.
After circling a few times, the sword hummed softly, and then suddenly pointed to the side!
"Left front! Found it! "
Sword Mastiff held the Calamity Pass Sword with both hands, and the Calamity Pass Sword released a ray of blue light, "I've locked onto it, charge!"
"Mm."
Mastiff, who was charging at the front, suddenly changed direction and rushed in the direction the Calamity Pass Sword was pointing.
But right at this moment … ….
The snakes in the sea of insects changed again.
The green-spotted snake in the sea of snakes disappeared and was replaced by a small red snake.
"Red Phosphorus Snake! Level 2 vicious beast! It's a vicious creature from the Lunar Shadow Forbidden Land. It's extremely poisonous and can spit out poisonous flames! "
"In just the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the snake in the sea of snakes became a level 2 vicious beast …"
"If we delay for a bit longer, won't it become a level 3 or 4 vicious beast?"
The Green Spot Snake didn't pose much pressure to the True Gods. After all, it was very difficult for the lowest level vicious beast to injure an upper True God.
However, the Red Phosphorus Snake was much harder to deal with than the Green Spot Snake, not to mention there were so many of them!
The True Gods suddenly realized that Sword Mastiff's decision was extremely correct. If they wanted to live, they had to find the Serpent Spirit in the shortest time possible and kill it. It was a race against time!
"Hula la la …"
The Red Phosphorus Snakes surged forward. They raised their heads, opened their mouths, and spat out raging poisonous flames.
The poisonous flames of a Red Phosphorus Snake were not scary …
However, the poisonous flames of 100,000 or even a million Red Phosphorus Snakes were very terrifying.
"Parting Water Barrier!"
"Five Elements Sealing Barrier!"
"Light of the Shield!"
The True Gods present all took action, blocking the poisonous fire outside.
Facing these Red Phosphorus Snakes, Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. He even took the lead and rushed to the front …
Whether it was the poison or the flames, they were no threat to him.
However, these Red Phosphorus Snakes were, after all, Level 2 vicious creatures. Although Luo Zheng was still able to kill a large number of Red Phosphorus Snakes as easily as cutting vegetables, the speed at which they advanced was greatly reduced.
"This won't do!" Sword Mastiff controlled the Calamity Pass Sword and said worriedly, "The Serpent Spirit has started to escape. I'm afraid we can't catch up! We only have three incense sticks' worth of time at most … "
In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the venomous snakes in the sea of snakes would change.
Although they didn't know what kind of venomous snake the next wave would be, it would definitely be a level 3 vicious beast. After another incense stick's worth of time, it would be a level 4 vicious beast …
If the Serpent Spirit turned this vast sea of snakes into a level 5 vicious beast, even a Great Perfection would die without a doubt!

Chapter 2044
&nb
With this large group of people working together, they could certainly block these poisonous snakes. (Baidu Search Gives Power Network Update Fastest and Most Stable WwW.GeiLWX. Com)
As they fought and moved, the group's speed was not considered fast.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. He was also aware of the danger they were in.
There was more than one Spirit Snake in this Dao Battle Ground …
At first, the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake had only attacked once, but now it had disappeared. They didn't know where it was hiding, but it would definitely come back again.
Besides this Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake, who knew what other powerful existences were in this fog?
But every True God had a Fear Incarnation, so their opponents were definitely not small!
"Me, you, and Luo Yan, the three of us will rush out and kill the Spirit Snake. The others … defend!"
In a hurry, Jian Ao didn't have a good idea, so he came up with this plan in a flash of inspiration.
"Okay." Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. Now was not the time to hesitate.
At this moment, a faint voice came from the side. "Can you bring me along?"
Luo Zheng turned his head to look. The one who spoke was the short and small True God. His pair of soybean-sized eyes were now filled with seriousness.
The other True Gods didn't notice this person, but Luo Zheng had been quietly paying attention to him all along the way …
This person wasn't a disciple of a wealthy family, and his behavior was quite low-key, but his understanding of the True Meaning of Dao was quite deep. Moreover, his clone was stronger than most of the disciples of wealthy families!
Jian Ao's face showed hesitation, but Luo Zheng subconsciously nodded. "Okay!"
Since Luo Zheng agreed, Jian Ao didn't say anything else. He ordered, "Disciples of the Sword Clan, form the Ling Xiao Sword Formation and defend to the death!"
"Listen to my order!"
"Listen to my order!"
Mo Nan and the other disciples of the Sword Clan heard this and began to work together to form the formation.
Now wasn't the most critical moment. These disciples of the Sword Clan still had a trump card in their hands, and it was the Calamity Sword that Jian Wuhen had given them. If they used the Calamity Sword, then it would truly be a critical moment of life and death!
"Let's go!"
Without wasting any time, Sword Mastiff, Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, and the short True God rushed forward.
Among the four of them, Luo Yan, Sword Mastiff, and the True God could fly freely. Only Luo Zheng could summon the flying sword bestowed by the Sword Race …
"Brother Luo Zheng's talent is so amazing, so why is his cultivation still stuck at the lower True Divinity realm …" Sword Mastiff couldn't help but ask out of curiosity.
From Jian Ao's point of view, Luo Yan, Luo Zheng, and the other children of rich and powerful families, would not find it difficult to increase their cultivation. Apart from the hindrance of breaking through to the Perfection realm, rushing from the lower True God realm to the upper True God realm was absolutely not a difficult matter!
Taking ten thousand steps back, even if Luo Zheng's talent wasn't enough for him to become an upper true god, with Luo Zheng's background, it would be easy for him to obtain some pills and opportunities needed to condense the divine spark of a god or even an upper true god.
"This matter is hard to explain in a few words," Luo Zheng said with a wry smile.
His current cultivation had already been left far behind by his sister.
It wasn't that he didn't want to break through to a higher realm, but that the problem he encountered now simply couldn't be solved by anyone …
However, relying on the "small divine domain" in his body, he didn't fall behind in terms of strength improvement. Although his cultivation was only at the lower True God realm, he wouldn't be at a disadvantage when encountering an ordinary upper true god!
"Another group of snakes is coming!"
The Red Phosphorus Snakes continued to surge, forming a tidal wave that came crashing down on the four of them.
"Wind Splitting the Sky!"
Sword Mastiff was the first to attack.
Previously, Sword Mastiff's sword was extremely fast. Many True Gods didn't even see him move, and he had already completed the action of drawing his sword and slashing.
But this time, his movements had become incredibly slow!
He unsheathed the long sword in his hand and slowly waved it towards those Red Phosphorus Snakes …
"Slash!"
Under this sword, the space was instantly cut apart, forming a black spatial crack.
After he slashed out with his sword, a hurricane rolled up from both sides of the spatial crack. Under this hurricane, all the Red Phosphorus Snakes were immediately sucked into the crack …
"So strong." Looking at Sword Mastiff's slash, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
Although Dongfang Gui and Sword Mastiff occasionally made a move before and their performance was quite powerful, Luo Zheng was still quite confident that he could defeat them.
Now it seemed that Sword Mastiff's strength, as the strongest upper true god of the sword clan, was indeed not to be underestimated …
This group of upper true gods were the top existences in the divine domain. They were probably more powerful than Dongfang Ning and the others in the forbidden area of the sea of time.
The space in the divine domain was terrifyingly stable.
Even if it was forcibly slashed open by Sword Mastiff, it would heal in an instant.
However, a path had been cleared in front of them. Taking advantage of this opportunity, the four of them immediately turned into four streams of light and shot away before the snakes closed in …
"The snake spirit is still fleeing rapidly, but our speed is faster than it." The Calamity Passing Sword in front of Sword Mastiff constantly changed directions. It could be seen that the snake spirit was also frantically fleeing. "According to historical records, the snake spirit itself is not very strong. Killing it is not difficult …"
This snake curse was the snake spirit curse. The snake spirit itself was a special kind of curse. Strictly speaking, it was indeed not a living creature.
After the four of them sprinted for a while, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. Through the thick fog, he saw a jade-colored snake shadow. It was a small, translucent jade-colored snake. Its shape was very different from other snakes, and Sword Mastiff's Calamity Passing Sword happened to be pointing at the snake spirit.
"Found it!" Luo Zheng pointed into the distance. Everyone looked over, and a trace of joy appeared on their faces.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
At this time, a large number of snakes rushed out from the small jade-colored snake's side.
Now, another incense stick of time had passed. Sure enough, as they had guessed, the snake sea was now surging out of the third-level vicious beast "Three Elements Snake". The front part of the snake was red, the middle part was black, and the tail was purple. This snake contained three kinds of deadly toxins, several times more powerful than the Red Phosphorus Snake!
"Another incense stick of time has passed. I don't know if they can block these Three Elements Snakes. Let's kill it first!"
As the Sword Mastiff spoke, it took the lead and charged straight at the Spirit Snake.
The snake spirit was also aware of the danger. The snake head suddenly scuttled and actually drilled into the ground.
"Do you think you can escape?"
Sword Mastiff slashed out with its sword …
"Kacha!"
The soft ground immediately cracked open, creating a hole that was hundreds of meters long. The Spirit Snake had nowhere to hide.
"Die!"
Sword Mastiff did not hesitate or hold back. The more time it took, the more variables there would be.
But the moment Sword Mastiff swung its sword …
A thick tentacle suddenly appeared from the ground. The tentacle was covered with fist-sized suction cups.
The moment the tentacle drilled out of the ground, it wrapped around Sword Mastiff and dragged it underground!
"Damn it!"
"Damn it!"
Luo Yan, Luo Zheng, and the "bean eyed" person's expressions changed.
Then, more than ten huge tentacles suddenly stretched out from the ground and firmly surrounded them.
They did not expect that at this critical moment, the Hundred Touch Heavenly Snake that they had not seen for a long time would appear again!

Chapter 2045
&nb
Individually, the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake was much stronger than the Spirit Snake. (Baidu Search Gives Power Network Update Fastest and Most Stable WwW.GeiLWX. Com)
But no matter how powerful the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake was, it was still a powerful individual. In the end, it still had the power to fight. It couldn't kill everyone present.
But the Spirit Snake was different. This thing could summon almost anything related to snakes in the Domain of the Gods … …
If this guy was allowed to live, it was possible to summon a large number of Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snakes.
Perhaps the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake had appeared here to protect the Spirit Snake!
"I'll go kill the Spirit Snake. You guys go save the Sword Mastiff," Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, there was no room for hesitation. They were all relying on instinct. But the slightest hesitation could put them in a desperate situation!
"Whoosh!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng stepped on his flying sword and rushed towards the small red snake!
When those tentacles saw Luo Zheng shooting towards them, they danced wildly like crazy demons. They were determined to wrap Luo Zheng up … …
Just now, the Sword Mastiff was caught off guard and was wrapped up by the tentacles. How could Luo Zheng follow in its footsteps?
Luo Zheng was still rushing forward on his flying sword. He didn't intend to make a move. But from behind him, a red figure suddenly jumped up!
That pole crazily rotated around Xun's waist like a dancing wheel!
"Puff puff puff puff puff … …"
Luo Zheng didn't evaluate the strength of this doppelganger. After all, he didn't have the time to test it in the Battle of the Dao. But Xun's attack power must be extremely terrifying. Even Luo Zheng himself wouldn't be able to block it. In the Battle of the Dao, it was bound to be his greatest reliance.
Under the red rotation, all the tentacles were twisted into a mass of flesh flowers.
Luo Zheng rushed over without any hindrance!
The small red snake continued to drill into the ground. At the same time, it once again summoned countless Three-Element Snakes to surround Luo Zheng.
Facing those Three-Element Snakes, Luo Zheng's figure didn't slow down at all, and directly crashed into them.
Any Three-Element Snake that came into contact with Luo Zheng was reduced to dust.
When the Three Elements Snake's body exploded, it would release three different poisons at the same time. For other True Divinities, they would have to be very careful when dealing with these poisons, but Luo Zheng didn't care at all.
The distance of a thousand feet was covered in the blink of an eye …
"Hiss hiss hiss!"
When the little red snake saw Luo Zheng rushing towards it, it became anxious. It kept twisting its body and spat out a strange snake language.
Every time it began to speak in snake language, it would summon new snake-type Direbeasts. In the blink of an eye, those Tri-Prime Snakes had all disappeared, and in their place were giant snakes as thick as tree trunks. The Level 4 Direbeast, Bone Python!
The sea of snakes formed by the Three Elements Snakes was already extremely terrifying.
Of the hundred or so True Divinities who stayed behind to guard the place, six of them had been poisoned by the Three Elements Snakes, and two of them had died from the poison entering their dantian …
If the sea of snakes formed by the Three Elements Snakes had continued to attack, the number of people who would have died would have increased.
Now that the Three Elements Snakes had disappeared, what came after were Level 4 snake-type Direbeasts. The number of casualties would have increased!
Although Mo Nan and the others had already formed a sword formation, facing the endless sea of snakes, their faces were still gloomy and frightening.
If Sword Mastiff Luo Zheng's group failed, everyone would probably perish here. Moreover, this place was still very far from the end of the Dao Struggle.
"Persevere!"
"Believe in Big Brother Sword Mastiff!"
"Zeng zeng zeng …"
Huge crescent-shaped sword rays spread out in all directions. In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of Three Elements Snakes were killed. However, even more Three Elements Snakes formed a sea of snakes that surged forward like a tide. They could not be killed, they could not be exterminated!
Just as they were tired of dealing with the snakes, the snakes in the fog changed again.
The sea of snakes formed by the Three Elements Snakes disappeared …
"Bone Fiend Giant Snake!"
"Level 4 Direbeast!"
"Sword Mastiff and the others failed?"
Many True Divinities looked at the black mass of Bone Fiend Snakes and wanted to cry.
They all knew that the journey to the Dao Struggle was incomparably difficult, but this difficulty was just too crazy!
The Bone Fiend Giant Snake was a level 4 Direbeast in the Takeshi Swirl Forest. It had a fierce temperament and boundless strength. However, it usually moved alone in the Takeshi Swirl Forest. Even so, it was still very difficult to deal with. Some True Divinities accidentally got caught up in it and its huge strength could directly crush the True Divinity's body.
And now, there were tens of thousands of Bone Fiend Giant Snakes …
This was also the uniqueness of the Land of Dao Struggle.
If some True Divinity's Fear Incarnation was very weak, for example, if it was a Direbeast without intelligence like the Thunder Rhinoceros, then the Dao Struggle would be very easy …
The sword race had also thought about this before.
For example, they sent some kind-hearted, simple-minded sword race disciples who rarely went out to enter the Dao Struggle.
These sword race disciples' backgrounds were very simple. Logically speaking, they shouldn't have any special Fear Incarnations. However, the sword race quickly discovered that their thinking was too simple.
The fear in one's heart came from the human subconscious. Those sword race disciples looked simple, but in reality, it was easier for them to produce some inexplicable Fear Incarnations. Some Fear Incarnations were even powerful to an incomprehensible level. Furthermore, they had the ability to kill without leaving a trace. They had directly killed two perfect sword race experts!
Now that they encountered this snake spirit, looking at the vast number of Bone Fiend Giant Snakes, all the True Divinities could only look like they had seen a ghost.
On the other hand, Dongfang Gui's expression relaxed. Looking at the current situation, his preparations seemed a little unnecessary.
Nb …
Nb …
Swish! Swish! Swish!
Those Bone Fiend Giant Snakes as thick as tree trunks surrounded Luo Zheng and coiled around him one after another. In just a breath's time, dozens of giant snakes had completely coiled around him. His figure couldn't be seen at all. Even more Bone Fiend Giant Snakes coiled around him endlessly, forming a "snake tower".
The strangling power of one Bone Fiend Giant Dragon was already very terrifying, let alone hundreds of Bone Fiend Giant Snakes.
That little red snake watched this scene from not far away. A pair of snake eyes filled with evil aura revealed a human-like smile. It was clearly a ferocious creature with intelligence.
However, this little red snake didn't feel proud for too long.
It saw that the middle section of the "snake tower" suddenly exploded with a flower of blood. A force penetrated from inside to outside, directly passing through the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes coiled around it and shooting toward it!
"Die!"
A faint voice came from the snake tower.
After the sword mastiff found the snake spirit's figure, Luo Zheng had already locked his divine sense onto this little snake.
Although he was coiled around by those Bone Fiend Giant Snakes, this distance was enough for him to use the four God-Slaying Swords.
After the Buddha Emperor Sword was formed, the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes' bodies drilled out and shot toward the little red snake.
As his voice fell, the Buddha Emperor Sword was firmly nailed to the little red snake's body, cutting it in two!
This snake spirit itself wasn't very strong, but even though it was cut in two, the upper half of the snake's body still stubbornly burrowed into the ground.
"You're dreaming if you think you can escape," Luo Zheng sneered.
The Buddha Emperor Sword that was nailed to the ground circled around and instantly cut the snake spirit's body into thin pieces.
The moment the snake spirit died, the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes coiling around Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared, and the millions of Bone Fiend Giant Snakes in the fog also disappeared without a trace …

Chapter 2046
&nb
Mo Nan led everyone to resist the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes. But this group of Upper True Gods, facing the terrifying Bone Fiend Giant Snakes, was not on the same level at all.
Regardless of whether it was the layers of barriers that were set up outside or the various magic treasures that were used to create illusions, under the attack of the sea of snakes formed by the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes, they were as fragile as eggs hitting a rock. There was almost no resistance at all …
Everyone kept shrinking towards the middle, moving closer, and retreating.
Under such a rout, it would not be long before the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes scattered everyone, and they would all die.
"Are we going to die here just like that?"
"I'm not reconciled!"
"Hundreds of thousands of level four fierce beasts, we are not qualified to fight …"
"Back off, back off, ahhh …"
The True Gods' faces were full of despair. There were True Gods who were constantly swept away by the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes and disappeared in the vast sea of snakes. Their fate was obvious.
Quite a number of true gods had given up on resisting. They looked like they were sitting there waiting for death.
But in this chaos, all the Bone Fiend Giant Snakes disappeared at the same time in an instant.
The surroundings suddenly quieted down, except for some True Gods who did not react and made some sporadic roars, but they soon realized.
"Disappeared, disappeared …"
"They've all disappeared!"
"Oh my God!"
"They did it!"
"The Serpent Spirit has been killed."
The surviving True Gods were suddenly very excited, and some people even began to cheer.
In less than a dozen breaths of time, most likely all of them would be wiped out.
But in the midst of this cheer, they suddenly felt the ground shake.
Nb …
Nb …
Luo Zheng rushed up to kill the little red snake, and his series of movements were very fast.
Even the doppelganger that had rushed over under the control of his mind could not do anything to stop the fight …
After killing the little red snake, he didn't stop at all.
Then, he turned around and left with his doppelganger.
Luo Yan and the "bean eyes" were rescuing the sword mastiff.
Although the strength that Luo Yan burst out was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination, and he had no choice but to let Luo Yan take the risk to face the Hundred Touch Sky Snake, as her brother, Luo Zheng was still unwilling to put Luo Yan in danger.
"Swish swish swish …"
Luo Zheng had just returned half the distance when he heard a friction sound coming from the ground.
Then there was a burst of earth shaking …
"Rumble!"
The ground began to bulge upwards, as if there was a big mountain rising up.
"Ka ka ka …"
As the ground continued to rise, it quickly began to shatter, and from it, a huge monster appeared..
"Hundred-touched Heavenly Snake!"
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked over. His face also sank.
Rather than saying that it was a snake, it was better to say that it was a strange looking monster.
Its entire body was covered with slender tentacles that could extend and contract at will. Its body was like a huge sphere, and this sphere was covered with eyes in a disorderly manner.
"Luo Yan! Sword Mastiff! "
His eyes flashed, and he quickly found Luo Yan and the other two under the Hundred Touch Sky Snake.
The Sword Mastiff did not seem to be seriously injured. He did not know what magic weapon it used, but its whole body was like a hedgehog, constantly shooting sword light in all directions.
Luo Yan and the bean eyes were very agile as they shuttled back and forth among the countless tentacles, and it seemed that they were handling it with ease.
This Hundred Touch Sky Snake was not as powerful as he had imagined. At least, although the tentacles were fast, they were not difficult to deal with if they grasped the right opportunity.
"Phew …"
On the Hundred Touch Sky Snake's huge body, all the eyes opened wide at the same time.
Those eyes began to condense bits of red light, and strange blood-colored Sanskrit characters began to condense in its eyes.
As an ancient monster, the Hundred Touch Sky Snake had many mysteries that had not been solved.
After noticing those blood-colored Sanskrit characters, Luo Zheng suddenly roared.
"Luo Yan! Go! Don't try to be brave! "
As he roared, he urged his body to quickly move closer.
Luo Yan, the Sword Mastiff, and the bean eyes also realized something, and the three began to quickly retreat …
"Hum hum hum …"
The red light shot out from the eyes in all directions.
From below, it immediately penetrated the soft soil layer below, and to the left and right, it immediately penetrated the layers of mist and hit the edge of the Battle of the Dao.
Just like when Luo Zheng entered the edge of the Battle of the Dao, a beehive-shaped eggshell-shaped enchantment suddenly appeared in the thin arc. This enchantment immediately blocked the red light inside, and did not spread outside the Battle of the Dao.
Going up, it penetrated the mist and rushed to a height of tens of thousands of feet, and also hit the beehive-shaped barrier …
"Let's go!"
The Sword Mastiff saw that the red light extended to infinity, and his face was also shocked.
No matter what the red light was, to be able to penetrate such a long distance, its power was definitely not something he could imagine.
Previously, the Sword Mastiff discovered that the Hundred Touch Sky Snake was not as powerful as he had imagined. With the help of Luo Yan, he wanted to join hands with the three of them to kill the Hundred Touch Sky Snake. Now it seems that his idea was still too naive.
Fortunately, the three of them were still very close to the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake. As the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake's round body rotated, the red light also constantly moved. However, there was still a huge gap in the middle that allowed them to escape.
The three of them carefully dodged and quickly shuttled away in the red light, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
However, some of the "Fear Incarnations" that were further away were not so lucky.
Due to their memories, the Fear Incarnations maintained a certain distance from each other. Although they had the urge to kill their "prey", they were more concerned about how to escape this godforsaken place. As for the True Gods, they could leave them to the other Fear Incarnations.
Some of the Fear Incarnations were accidentally swept by a red light that penetrated dozens of kilometers or hundreds of kilometers. The flesh and blood on their bodies immediately disappeared, turning into a pile of bones that scattered on the ground …
"Hum hum hum …"
A beam of red light shot towards the demon named Tue.
It happened to shine on Tue's body …
Even though Tue's body was so huge, under the illumination, the flesh and blood on his body were constantly disappearing!
"Diffuse Illumination?" Tue's expression did not change much. "To think that … even the Hundred Touch Sky Snake exists here. This place is getting more and more curious."
His huge body suddenly trembled, and an illusory white shadow appeared on the surface of his body. The white shadow blocked in front of him, and the red light could not advance at all.
As the red light shone everywhere, one of them drilled directly into the deepest part of the Land of Dao Struggle.
The long-haired woman had already arrived in front of a huge iron chain bridge. She seemed to have sensed that the red light was about to shine over, so she turned around and used her finger to spin a few times in the air before stepping onto the iron chain bridge expressionlessly.
When the red light reached her, it strangely changed its angle and refracted in another direction.

Chapter 2047
"Buzz buzz buzz … …"
The head of the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake is still spinning, shooting red light in all directions.
"Brother! Let's go! "
Luo Yan rushes over and yells at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nods slightly. Stepping on his flying sword, he does a somersault in the air and joins the fleeing group.
The four of them drill through the gaps of those red light beams, constantly dodging.
"Below!"
Luo Zheng issues a warning.
Luo Yan and Luo Zheng, Sword Mastiff and Soybean Eyes immediately separate from each other.
Immediately after, a beam of red light shot up from the bottom, like a sword ray that extended to infinity, slicing upwards from the top.
"To the left!"
As soon as the four of them dodge this beam of red light, another beam of red light sweeps over from the other side.
The four of them sink down together, once again avoiding this beam of red light … …
Unexpectedly, at this time, dozens of tentacles suddenly drill out from the ground. One of the tentacles quickly wraps around Luo Yan!
Luo Yan, who is wrapped around by the tentacles, doesn't panic. She doesn't even struggle. Purple light flashes in her eyes and she spits out the word "break".
"Puff puff puff puff … …"
The tentacles around her quickly break apart.
As if the moment she spits out this word, an invisible person neatly cuts off those tentacles.
"Yan 'er, watch out above!"
Even though Luo Yan's actions were very decisive, and those tentacles only managed to hold her back for less than half a breath's time, but from the top of Luo Yan's head, two beams of red light had already chopped down!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes are about to burst.
He, who was originally rushing forward on his flying sword, suddenly turns around.
Jian Ao's expression changed drastically as well. As far as he was concerned, everyone here could die, and only the siblings of the Luo Clan couldn't suffer any mishaps!
But the light bursting out from the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake's eyes is so powerful, who can resist it?
"Luo Zheng, don't go over! Use your doppelganger to block those red lights! "
Yellow Bean Eye had been silent all the way up. He didn't say much, but at this moment, he suddenly roared.
Their doppelgangers fell behind. Because Luo Yan had been obstructed for a while, their doppelgangers were indeed very close to Luo Yan.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and the Sword Puppets' hearts skipped a beat.
The avatars condensed from the array were immortal and indestructible in the Dao Battle Grounds, unless the main body died!
With a single thought, the clones leaped into the air and pounced on Luo Yan.
Even Luo Yan himself reacted and controlled the purple Luo Zheng to hug him. In addition, Xun, the Sword Mastiff, and the bean-eyed doppelganger also hugged him layer by layer.
After the four doppelgangers hugged Luo Yan tightly, the two beams of red light descended and enveloped Luo Yan's location.
"Continue the irradiation!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched as he glared at the Hundred Touch Heavenly Snake in the distance.
Just now, Luo Zheng had already planned for the worst. If Luo Yan was really hit by the two beams of red light and died, he could still use the Imperial Jade Seal to save Luo Yan's life.
But the Imperial Jade Seal could only erase three breaths of time.
Under the continuous irradiation of the light, even if he erased three breaths of time, the result would still be the same!
Now, he could only place his hopes on his doppelgangers …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Hundred Touch Heavenly Snake was indeed attacking them consciously. It was determined to kill Luo Yan. The two beams of red light continued to irradiate Luo Yan.
"Doppelgangers …"
"The doppelgangers didn't disintegrate!"
"I hope Luo Yan is okay!"
The three of them looked up and their eyes flickered.
After a while …
The red light finally moved away.
The moment the four doppelgangers dispersed, Luo Zheng nervously stared at Luo Yan.
"Whoosh!"
As Luo Yan's body fell, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
He didn't know what would happen under the illumination of the red light, but Luo Yan's fall already explained everything …
A strong sense of self-blame rose from his heart. Just as he was about to rush over, Luo Yan, who was originally falling rapidly, floated over to Luo Zheng's side. She said to him with a smile: "Brother, I'm okay!"
"Damn girl, you scared me to death!" Luo Zheng stared blankly. His face was full of blame. He had forgotten that Luo Yan had such a naughty side.
Luo Yan stuck out her tongue. She also realized that her joke was a bit too much. Looking at her brother's pale face, she also knew that she shouldn't have made such a joke.
However, just as she was about to apologize …
"Pa!"
A thick lightning bolt suddenly struck from the depths of the fog.
This bolt of lightning was extremely fast.
Whether it was Luo Zheng or the Sword Mastiff, they both felt a light flicker in the corner of their eyes. Immediately after, they heard the sound of thunder.
Luo Yan, who was only a few feet away from them, disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, the Sword Mastiff, and the "bean eyes" were immediately shocked …
Not far away, a man surrounded by lightning was floating in the air.
This man was like a human-shaped thunder spirit. His whole body was made of lightning, and there was a round ball of lightning wrapped around him.
Luo Yan had already fainted from the lightning. Her eyes were closed, and she was being held horizontally. Her long black hair and slender legs were powerlessly hanging down.
"Heh heh heh … this woman's smell is very special. Master should like it." He laughed wildly. His eyes looked at Luo Zheng and the others, "It's very strange. I naturally feel disgusted with you. It seems that there is a killing intent telling me that I must kill you all. What is going on?"
"But I also feel that something is wrong. If I kill you all, I will probably disappear too …"
"This place is too strange …"
Xing Lin was ordered by the Demon Tu 'e to explore the Land of Dao Struggle. As he wandered around, he saw many fear incarnations and a large group of upper-level True Gods.
However, he was extremely smart and had already realized the uniqueness of this place. This was because he remembered very clearly that he had died. Such a strange resurrection was very abnormal. Therefore, he did not kill anyone. He only passed by this place and felt that Luo Yan was emitting a special aura. He wanted to kidnap her and offer her to the Demon Tu 'e.
Seeing Luo Yan with her eyes tightly shut, Luo Zheng's face turned green.
"A Paragon expert!"
The hearts of the Sword Mastiff and the bean eyes kept sinking.
The fear incarnations they had to deal with in the Land of Dao Struggle this time were too strong …
If they couldn't kill the snake spirit in a short period of time, it would be enough to wipe them all out.
Then there was the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake. Until now, they could only run for their lives.
Now, a Paragon True God had appeared!
"Put her down." Luo Zheng's voice came from his throat.
His voice contained a majesty that could not be offended. An intense killing intent boiled in his mind, causing his entire body to tremble incessantly.

Chapter 2048
"Let her go!"
Luo Zheng's aura began to turn cold.
In order to find his sister, he had put in an effort that ordinary people couldn't even imagine. He had even crossed the boundless universe, the upper realm, and even the divine realm. In the end, he had welcomed the reunion that he had yearned for even in his dreams.
How could he tolerate Luo Yan being kidnapped again?
"Buzz …"
The flying sword that the Sword Race had bestowed upon him spun and landed in Luo Zheng's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng no longer had any misgivings or hesitations.
"Childish, die!"
Although Xing Lin sensed Luo Zheng's extraordinary aura, he still didn't feel anything.
A mere Lesser True God was jumping around in front of him. It was too laughable …
"Pipa!"
He raised a hand, and countless bolts of lightning gathered at his fingertips.
Xing Lin was the embodiment of lightning, and his understanding of the Profound Lightning Divine Dao had reached perfection.
There was nothing special about this lightning, but it was extremely … powerful!
Bzzt …
The lightning continued to gather and compress, forming a sharp lightning awl.
"So, so powerful …" Sword Mastiff paled as he looked at the lightning awl. "Even Lord Sword Bone's Azure Thunder Sword is inferior. Who is this guy? Whose Fear Incarnation is he? "
There was a considerable difference in strength between Paragons.
Xing Lin was destined to be a peak existence among Paragons …
After all, the Great Clans had dispatched several Paragons to hunt him down, but they hadn't been able to harm him at all. It was only when the Saints acted that he was exiled into the primal chaos!
Boom!
The lightning awl shot straight for Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye.
Facing this terrifying lightning awl, Luo Zheng waved the sword in his hand in that instant.
In his bloodshot eyes, all the emotions of a living being had disappeared without a trace.
Luo Zheng had once cultivated the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, and he had called the sword technique that Chen Huang Yi had taught him the Yi God's Sword Technique.
But now, he was a God!
It was naturally inappropriate to call this technique the Yi God's Sword Technique.
During the two years in the immortal residence, Luo Zheng had also been tempering his sword heart.
The Emotion-Severing Divine Dao released by the Anatta Sword was already terrifying enough, but it was far from enough …
Two years ago, in the Temple of Time in the Sea of Time forbidden area, Luo Zheng saw that faint figure and the scene of him fusing 3,000 Divine Daos.
After fusing Divine Daos together, the energy obtained was indeed extremely powerful.
....... not to mention using it to defend himself, even if he's just a little bit of a carelessness............
However, after cultivating the True Meaning of Nature, Luo Zhengcai discovered the profoundness within.
........
The three thousand types of Divine Daos were, in fact, the utilization of three thousand types of energy …
These energies were so complex that even the energies contained within some Divine Daos would mutually reinforce and restrain each other, let alone between Divine Daos. For example, the Five Elements Divine Daos were originally five types of contradictory energies mixed together.
You want to naturally blend three thousand types of Divine Daos together?
It was an impossible mission!
. thousands of daos, in the end, all lead to the same destination …
When Luo Zheng used the True Meaning of Nature and fused 300 Divine Daos together again, he no longer interfered and allowed it to happen.
Some Divine Daos were swallowed …
Some Divine Daos fused together …
Even more Divine Daos collided with each other like hedgehogs, cautiously approaching each other and finally finding a suitable position.
More than 300 Divine Daos were fused in Luo Zheng's careful experiments.
It was a very complex energy.
Luo Zheng wasn't sure if it had appeared in the Realm of the Gods before, but after the first fusion, he realized that he had chosen the right path.
At least, the hint in the Temple of Time was right!
Luo Zheng had never used this method before.
The Emotion-Severing Divine Dao was sealed as a forbidden Dao in the Realm of the Gods. If he used it casually, it would attract trouble. Moreover, after leaving the immortal residence, he wouldn't have a chance in the sword race.
But now, seeing Luo Yan being taken away again, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all!
This sword was Luo Zheng's own creation.
Since it was obtained by fusing Divine Dao energy, he called it the Sword of Dao Fusion!
"Emotion-Severing Sword of Dao Fusion!"
The surface of the flying sword bestowed to Luo Zheng by the sword race transformed into a magnificent color.
Because of Luo Zheng's fusion, the originally violent and powerful energy had almost disappeared, leaving behind only power …
Together with Luo Zheng's Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, he suddenly slashed out.
"Crack —"
Luo Zheng's sword edge slashed the lightning awl, immediately erupting with an unbearable sound.
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …"
Immediately after, Luo Zheng's Sword of Dao Fusion exploded with a burst of gorgeous light, the lightning awl was extinguished by Luo Zheng's Sword of Dao Fusion.
Like a candle being extinguished, after the light disappeared, the lightning awl also disappeared without a trace.
"Hm? This is … "
Xing Lin originally thought that the lightning awl would be more than enough to kill Luo Zheng.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, he didn't even care about any of the upper-level Real Gods present. Everyone was a target that he could kill at will.
It was just that he was more thoughtful than the usual Fear Incarnation.
He wanted to find out the secret of this foggy world and wanted to leave this area completely. Hence, he didn't take action earlier.
Since this lower-level Real God wanted to die, then it wasn't up to him …
But Xing Lin didn't expect that the lightning awl that contained sixty percent of his power would be extinguished so easily by a lower-level Real God.
What was going on?
Sword Mastiff and "bean eyes" were also stunned.
When they saw that a Perfect Real God had appeared, a strong sense of helplessness rose in their hearts.
That Hundred-touched Sky Snake, if the upper-level Real Gods present cooperated with their doppelgangers, they might be able to defeat it …
But a Perfect Real God with intelligence, when he unleashed his power, to the upper-level Real Gods, it was almost impossible to defeat him.
That lightning awl was enough to take Luo Zheng's life.
Luo Yan was kidnapped again …
The mission of the Land of Dao Battle this time was probably a complete failure.
It wasn't that Sword Mastiff gave up easily. In fact, he was also an extremely tenacious person, but he couldn't see any hope at all!
But at that moment, Luo Zheng's sword had completely exceeded his scope of understanding.
This sword could actually resolve the attack of a Perfect Real God easily.
Regardless of whether it was the Sword Tribe or the wealthy families, Sword Mastiff had never heard of it before.
Just as Sword Mastiff and bean eyes were immersed in incomprehensible shock, Luo Zheng had already swung his sword a second time without hesitation.
"Sword of Dao Fusion!"
"Die!"

Chapter 2049
A 300-meter-long sword light extended from top to bottom.
In the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng had experimented many times in the Cultivation Pagoda.
If he didn't fuse the more than 300 types of Divine Dao, it would become very violent after being extracted from the inner world. It would go on a rampage and cause serious internal injuries if he wasn't careful.
After using the True Meaning of Dao Technique and successfully fusing with it, the Dao Fusion Energy would become extremely docile.
Although it was docile, it was still difficult to control.
Because the Fusion Energy had become very viscous, it was still difficult to activate after being extracted from the inner world.
Even if he used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, the effect was still not satisfactory.
But soon, Luo Zheng found the crux of the problem!
In the Temple of Time, Luo Zheng had watched the huge figure slash out 100,000 times, a total of 13 sword moves.
Luo Zheng couldn't comprehend the profound meaning of such a world-creating power in such a short time.
But in the universe, Luo Zheng had exchanged sword moves with Hua Tianming.
Through the exchange, Luo Zheng had comprehended a part of the Sword Art of Beginning, which could be considered a small success.
He didn't dare to say that the Sword Art of Beginning was the sword art used by the huge figure in the Temple of Time. After all, Hua Tianming's strength was limited at that time. Even if he did comprehend it, it should be limited. But there should be a connection between the two.
So he integrated the power into the sword art and performed the same sword move again.
The power that erupted shocked Luo Zheng himself. The entire Cultivation Pagoda shook, alarming Afo, Aunt Han Jiu, and the others.
After all, Gu Bei had spent a lot of effort building this immortal mansion. The Cultivation Pagoda was so strong that even a Great Perfection expert would find it difficult to destroy it.
Whoosh!
After the sword light extended, it turned into a wide crescent moon and slashed toward the Great Perfection expert.
The sword light disturbed the airflow, blowing on the face like a knife …
It took a while to describe, but at that time, the speed was already extremely fast, so fast that Luo Zheng himself couldn't react.
The sword mastiff and soybean only saw Luo Zheng brandishing his sword and the flash of sword light.
In the distance, a slender crack appeared on the body of the man formed by lightning. It extended diagonally from his shoulder, just in time to avoid Luo Yan, and cut off half of his body.
It was not until they saw this scene that they felt a strong airflow coming towards them. It was the airflow disturbed by the sword light.
"Huff huff huff …"
Facing this stream of air, the Sword Mastiff and Soybean Eye had no choice but to dodge!
"This, this sword is even more powerful than the previous one. Just the airflow is like a knife cutting my face …" Soybean Eyes had no choice but to summon a faint barrier.
The Sword Mastiff stood in place and stared blankly.
Luo Zheng's first sword strike dispelled the Great Perfection's Thunder Cone. The Sword Mastiff just felt that it was inconceivable.
Although Luo Zheng was an anonymous person and his strength was strong enough to begin with, it was still inconceivable and incomprehensible that he was able to neutralize a casual strike from a Great Perfection expert.
As for the second sword …
The sword was the glory of the Sword Race.
Relying on this glory, the Sword Race grew from a small race in the west of the Divine Realm to become the second largest race in the Divine Realm.
Therefore, the sword was also the foundation of the Sword Race!
On the path of the Sword Dao, no one in the Divine Realm dared to discuss the Dao with them.
There was no Divine Dao in the Divine Realm that belonged to the Sword Dao, but the Sword Race could fuse almost all Divine Daos into the Sword Dao!
Using the Fledgling Fire Divine Dao's original External Divine Dao — Fire Dance Frenzy Sword.
It was a sword technique he had comprehended from the Profound Thunder Divine Way — Azure Thunder Sword.
It was a sword skill comprehended from the Li Water Divine Dao — Raging Waves Dao Seeking Sword.
With …
There was a sword stele in the Sword Transformation Divine City.
After every Sword Race senior created a Genesis Divine Ability, there would be an additional sword on the sword stele.
Each sword represented a Divine Ability that was world-shocking in the Divine Realm, a peerless Divine Ability …
After countless Divine Epochs, there were already sixty-three swords on the sword stele!
The Sword Mastiff would often look at the sword stele at sunset, as it symbolized the Sword Race's painstaking efforts.
For countless years, he thought that the Sword Race had walked too far on the path of the Sword Dao, and that the other Great Clans, other races, and other living beings would never be able to catch up.
The Sword Mastiff had once dreamed that one day, when he stepped into the Great Perfection Stage, he would also be able to insert his own sword on the sword stele.
An additional sword would lead the Sword Race to another step on the path of the Sword Dao …
That was the supreme glory of every Sword Race disciple.
However, when the Sword Mastiff saw Luo Zheng slash out with this sword, he suddenly felt powerless.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's sword was similar to the Sword Mastiff's Instant Sword!
The Sword Mastiff's sword was extremely fast, and when it reached the extreme, every movement required the simplest movement to pursue the greatest power. However, the ultimate goal was still "speed".
However, Luo Zheng's sword did not pursue speed, but the extreme simplicity.
When the two different pursuits reached a certain level, they would ultimately return to the same destination.
After the extreme simplification, it also brought about an unsurpassable speed!
Luo Zheng, who was merely a Lower True God, suddenly made the Sword Mastiff feel that his life's pursuit was meaningless, and even the sword stele had lost its meaning.
Even though Luo Zheng was not targeting him, it still gave him a huge blow.
It was as if he was extremely passionate, climbing up the path of the Sword Dao step by step. When he was about to charge towards a higher level, he suddenly realized that someone was already standing at a level that was far beyond his reach …
"Luo Xiao's son is actually this powerful." The Sword Mastiff's heart trembled.
Back then, when the Luo Family's floating island was destroyed, the Sword Mastiff had also looked down on this Great Clan that was riddled with holes …
Now, it seemed that the dispute between the Luo Family and the Dongfang Family was not without reason. Perhaps their dispute had really involved another level, a level that far exceeded the dispute between Great Clans!
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …"
Half of Xing Lin's body was sliced into two.
His lightning body could not be harmed by ordinary swords and sabers.
He could even calmly escape from the pursuit of several Great Perfection Sovereigns.
For a period of time, he even felt that he was already comparable to a Saint, an existence that could not be killed!
Until he was exiled into the Primal Chaos, and after exhausting his energy, he had no choice but to transform into an ordinary body. In the end, he was corroded to death by the Primal Chaos Qi …
This time, he had actually been reborn for no reason.
Even though he did not know the reason, he was bound to firmly grasp this opportunity.
However, he had never imagined that he would be injured by a True God junior, and a mere Lower True God at that!
"Have the times changed?" He was very puzzled.
The half of his body that had been sliced fell down together with Luo Yan.
The small remaining half of his body once again transformed into a complete body, but the lightning that flickered within it was much dimmer.
People who had died once would always cherish their current life more. When he felt that his life was threatened, he did not immediately think of counterattacking, but chose to escape …
"Pipa!"

Chapter 2050
After that sword strike, Luo Zheng was gasping for breath.
That "Dao-fusion energy" was very viscous. Even though it was forcibly squeezed out by him using the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it still caused a lot of damage to his meridians.
At this moment, the Godhood in his body became very dim.
In the Immortal Mansion, every time Luo Zheng used the "Dao-fusion Sword", he needed to rest for a while.
Moreover, he didn't dare to completely squeeze out the Dao-fusion energy.
This time, seeing this guy take away his sister, Luo Zheng also threw caution to the wind.
He almost didn't hesitate to use this sword strike.
In fact, after using this sword strike, he had already squeezed himself to the extreme. Now, even if he moved a little, the meridians all over his body would feel as if there was a burning sensation. With this wave of pain, Luo Zheng even found it difficult to stand.
Fortunately …
That guy retreated in fright.
Although it was very difficult to move, Luo Zheng still gritted his teeth and rushed toward Luo Yan.
That Perfection expert just now was made of thunder from head to toe. Even if it was just a touch, it would burn people to ashes.
Luo Yan was held hostage by this person. He didn't know how injured she was, so naturally, Luo Zheng was very worried!
When he arrived in front of Luo Yan, he saw the Blue Sky Thunderbolt Chain hanging on Luo Yan's chest. There were constantly electric snakes flowing around, and he immediately felt relieved.
He forgot that Luo Yan was wearing this necklace, which was enough to resist all thunder attacks …
Just looking at the surface, he was still a little worried. He put his hand on Luo Yan's forehead, and then released a wisp of Divine Sense. He was ready to explore Luo Yan's soul. The soul was the most vulnerable to thunder damage.
Just as his Divine Sense was about to invade Luo Yan's mind, a powerful force suddenly burst out from Luo Yan's mind, blocking his Divine Sense without a trace.
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with doubt. Then, he smiled.
It seemed like Yu Taibai had made ample preparations for the Dao Battle. Not only did he give Luo Yan a lightning-repelling necklace, he also gave her a soul-protecting treasure …
After a while, Luo Yan opened his eyes. After seeing Luo Zheng, he showed an apologetic expression. "Brother, I was careless just now …"
"The other party is a Paragon. It's not your fault," Luo Zheng said while staring into her eyes.
"If we're careful, we won't be afraid even if it's a Paragon." Luo Yan curled his lips.
That person's speed was too fast, turning into a bolt of lightning. Luo Yan didn't even have time to react before he fainted.
Right at this moment …
"Rumble …"
At this moment, the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake in the distance started to move again.
Just now, the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake had been continuously releasing beams of red light, shining in all directions.
Perhaps it couldn't keep releasing that red light, so after the Paragon arrived, it stopped for a while. At this moment, the eyes on its surface were flashing red Sanskrit characters again. It looked like it was preparing for the next wave of attacks.
"Let's leave here first!" Sword Mastiff noticed the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake's movements and warned.
Luo Zheng nodded and carried Luo Yan on his back.
The four of them moved forward, madly running into the distance.
To be on the safe side, they each controlled four clones to bring up the rear.
Although the beams of red light shot by the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake were powerful, it was limited by its huge body and slow movement. As long as they weren't directly hit by the light, it wasn't difficult to avoid it in advance. Moreover, the clones could also effectively block the red light, so the four of them retreated very smoothly.
Sword Mastiff was still carefully sizing up Luo Zheng along the way. He was somewhat regretting that he didn't plant that Eye of Insight just now.
If only Jian Wuhen and the others could see it. Perhaps they would be able to see the origin of Luo Zheng's sword.
After holding back for a while, Sword Mastiff couldn't help but ask, "Luo Zheng, the sword you used just now contained the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, right?"
Hearing Sword Mastiff's words, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao was listed as a forbidden Dao in the God Realm, but he never knew why it was banned.
Therefore, he always had misgivings in his heart. Even in the Sea of Time, he never used it.
"En, is there a problem?" Luo Zheng admitted.
Sword Mastiff's face revealed a bitter smile. "No problem … I'm just a little envious."
"Why are you envious?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Sword Mastiff looked at the thick fog ahead, and his eyes flashed with a trace of sharpness. "There's a saying in the Sword Race that although the Sword Dao can merge with any Divine Dao, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao is the Divine Dao most compatible with the Sword Dao! Therefore, listing the Emotion Severing Divine Dao as a forbidden Dao is the most disadvantageous to the Sword Race! "
"The Sword Race also doesn't allow people to cultivate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"En … even so, there were people who cultivated it before," Sword Mastiff murmured.
"What happened to them?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"They were expelled from the Sword Race and were hunted down endlessly by the other Great Clans …" Sword Mastiff's face was filled with resentment as if he was quite dissatisfied with the Sword Race's way of doing things.
"Even the Sword Race has no choice but to abide by the rules jointly set by all the Great Clans of the God Realm. You can't blame the Sword Race for this," Soybean Eyes suddenly interjected. Saying this, he looked meaningfully at Luo Zheng. "Perhaps … you can change this rule."
The Sword Race naturally wasn't willing to expel their own geniuses and watch their own clansmen be hunted down by the other Great Clans.
Indeed, just as Soybean Eyes said, the Sword Race also had their own difficulties …
"Then why did the God Realm set up such a strange rule? The Emotion Severing Divine Dao isn't an evil Dao that offends the Heavens, so why was it listed as a forbidden Dao? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Sword Mastiff thought for a moment before replying, "That's an agreement between the Saints. How would I know?"
"I'm not too sure either. I only heard that the Emotion Severing Divine Dao is related to the Saint Mountain. Later on, the Saints banned the cultivation of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao." Soybean Eyes knew some inside information.
"It's related to the Saint Mountain?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
He didn't care about the forbidden Dao anymore.
He had snuck into the God Realm and had already exposed his identity. What else did he have to worry about?
"I don't know the specific reason …" Soybean Eyes shrugged and said expressionlessly. He then looked at the sky. "It's coming!"
A red light quickly struck down from the sky. They quickly dodged to the other side and avoided it.
After shuttling through the mist for a distance, a human wall suddenly appeared in front of them!
Luo Zheng, Sword Mastiff, and the others were stunned for a moment. Then, they all laughed involuntarily …
The red light emitted by the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake stretched to almost every corner of the Land of Battle of the Dao. This place was naturally no exception.
In order to block the beams of red light, the Real Gods gathered all their doppelgangers and stacked them together to form an indestructible wall.

Chapter 2051
This group of upper-level true gods was frightened.
Previously, there were so many Three Primordial Snakes and Bone Fiend Giant Snakes, and many of them had died.
When the sea of snakes finally disappeared, everyone was still immersed in the joy of surviving a calamity.
Who knew that several red light beams would suddenly shoot out from the heavy fog …
These red light beams moved slowly, but they were extremely fast. There was no time to dodge at all.
By the time they reacted, more than ten upper-level true gods had already been enveloped by the red light beams. The flesh and bones of those true gods were like ice cubes on a hot summer day. They quickly melted and turned into a pool of corpse water!
Fortunately, there were some very alert people among this group of upper-level true gods.
Someone saw that something was wrong and hurriedly used his doppelganger to block in front of him.
Others followed suit and did the same …
However, some people had large doppelganger bodies. For example, the true god from the Zhao family trusted a large elephant.
However, some true gods had very few doppelganger bodies. Some of them simply used a long sword. How could they block it?
While the red light was still sweeping around, everyone discussed and simply piled up all their doppelganger bodies together. Only then did they block the red light completely.
"Big brother Jian Ao! Are you all okay? "Mo Nan welcomed them with an excited face.
The disciples of the sword clan were also excited …
Just now, they had experienced despair several times. It could be said that they were blessed by the heavens to be lucky enough to survive.
"Did you kill that snake spirit?"
"What's with these red lights!"
"…"
Many true gods asked one after another.
Luo Zheng did not have the patience to answer these questions. He carried Luo Yan behind the wall formed by the doppelganger bodies and carefully put Luo Yan down.
Unexpectedly, just as he put Luo Yan down, he saw her gently twist her body and transform into a beautiful figure, standing gracefully in front of him.
"Thank you, big brother, for carrying Yan 'er all the way," Luo Yan said with a smile.
Seeing her lively appearance, Luo Zheng was completely relieved. He deliberately pretended to be unhappy. "So Yan 'er is fine!"
"Big brother, don't be angry." Luo Yan saw that Luo Zheng was unhappy and hurriedly said, "It's just that big brother hasn't carried Yan 'er for a long time …"
Just now, lying on Luo Zheng's back, Luo Yan felt extremely safe, as if all danger and suffering were far away from her.
This kind of trust came from the bones and could not be erased in life.
Even someone as strong as Yu Taibai could not give it.
"Dong!"
Luo Zheng reached out and knocked on her forehead. He smiled and said, "Alright, now we're even. Big Brother won't be angry anymore!"
When they were young, Luo Yan's Luo Zheng, Luo Yan's Luo Yan and Luo Yan's Luo Yan.
Luo Luo Of Luo Zheng's Luo Luo.
In the entire Luo Family, Luo Yan was probably the purest person. Her pursuit was very simple. She only wanted the whole family to be reunited.
If it were any other family, this kind of wish would be too small and too simple.
But in the Luo Family, it became an extremely difficult task.
No matter how difficult this task is, I will definitely complete it! He silently said to himself in his heart.
"What? When the four of you killed the Spirit Snake, you also encountered the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake? "
"These red lights were all released by the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake!"
The Sword Mastiff's answer once again shocked the True Gods.
Up until now, their group of more than two hundred people had continuously fallen. Only a hundred or so people were left. It could be said that their losses were disastrous.
Who knew if the next one to die would be them?
Facing those powerful Fear Incarnations, they did not have the ability to struggle at all!
"In addition to the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake, we also encountered an expert at the Perfection Stage. His entire body turned into lightning … Who knows him?" The Sword Mastiff asked.
These Fear Incarnations did not appear randomly. They must have left a deep impression on someone among them to be born …
"There's also an expert at the Perfection Stage!"
"Heavens!"
"This is a mission that is impossible to complete!"
A white-haired old man with a face full of fear said with trepidation, "Lightning Incarnation, Lightning Incarnation … You can't be talking about Xing Lin, right?"
"Xing Lin?"
"The evil disciple who dominated the Deity Realm back then, Xing Lin!"
"I've seen his historical records! Xing Lin entered the Dao with the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao. He can indeed turn into lightning and become immortal … "
Xing Lin's rampage in the Deity Realm was a history that happened many Divine Epochs ago.
This history was too far away from the present, so no one recalled it for a moment.
However, when the old man mentioned it, even the Sword Mastiff clapped his hands. "Right, why didn't I think of this person!"
The old man laughed bitterly and said, "At that time, I was still young. This Xing Lin killed 3,300 people from my Shan Family. I never thought that I would have to experience this kind of fear again …"
This old man with the surname Shan had lived for countless Divine Epochs.
Even after such a long time, he still couldn't erase the fear in his heart. One could imagine what kind of far-reaching impact Xing Lin's rampage had on him.
Speaking up to here, the old man with the surname Shan looked doubtful. He glanced at Luo Zheng and the others and shook his head. "Impossible! Absolutely impossible! You encountered Xing Lin, how could you possibly survive? "
When the old man with the surname Shan said this, the other upper True Gods looked at the Sword Mastiff, Luo Zheng, and the others with strange expressions.
It was already quite inconceivable that the four of them had successfully killed the Spirit Snake!
Then, they encountered the Hundred Touch Heavenly Snake and were attacked by a Perfection True God. Moreover, they were still able to come back safe and sound.
This could almost be described as a miracle.
"Yes, although I have heard of Xing Lin, the gap between a Perfection True God and an upper True God is so big …"
"I remember that Xing Lin was more powerful than an ordinary Perfection True God. In the end, he was exiled by the Sage. Only then could he be killed!"
"…"
Hearing these people's doubtful voices, the Sword Mastiff smiled bitterly. He looked meaningfully at Luo Zheng and didn't know how to explain.
Tell them that Luo Zheng forced Xing Lin to retreat with a sword?
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, the Sword Mastiff definitely wouldn't have believed it.
Dongfang Gui, Tang Jie, Tang Xu, Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the others from the Giant Alliance were silent.
Especially Dongfang Gui, who had a sneer on his face.
It didn't matter whether the Sword Mastiff's words were true or not.
Their success in killing the Spirit Snake was indeed beyond Dongfang Gui's expectations.
Even if the four of them really had the strength to escape from a Perfection True God, they still had to face an Evil Demon in the end …
To put it simply, when Dongfang Gui followed them into the Land of Dao Struggle, this Dao Struggle was a sure-death situation!

Chapter 2052
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the sword mastiff asked in confusion, "Brother Luo Zheng, what do you mean?"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, two more red beams of light pierced through the fog and hit the wall formed by the clones.
The Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake still hadn't given up …
Looking at the wall formed by the clones, Luo Zheng said, "The secrets of the Land of Battle of Dao are no longer a secret to everyone. I believe that most of you are here for the inheritance of that skeleton."
After a pause, he continued, "Let's put it another way. This Land of Battle of Dao was designed by that almighty person to choose an inheritor for himself, right?"
Mu Xian from the Mu family said darkly, "What you said is just nonsense. Everyone knows that."
Luo Zheng smiled and didn't care about Mu Xian's attitude. "If that's really the case, that almighty person must be sick in the head to set up such a Land of Battle of Dao."
Hearing this, Luo Yan covered her mouth and couldn't help but giggle.
Most people still didn't understand Luo Zheng's meaning.
However, the soybean-eyed man nodded and said, "That's indeed the case. Since this Land of Battle of Dao is to choose an inheritor, it's impossible for him to design an unbreakable situation!"
This Land of Battle of Dao was filled with the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
According to the sword mastiff's previous explanation.
After using the True Meaning of Good to test the True God's comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao, he would obtain a powerful clone.
The True Meaning of Evil would directly transform into the fear in the True God's heart and create another fear clone in the Land of Battle of Dao.
One positive and one negative, which was considered normal.
However, from the looks of it now, although this clone was powerful, it was far from being able to unleash its full power.
Or it could be said that it wasn't very useful against those powerful fear clones.
Just now, when facing the snake spirit, all the clones were doing their best to kill the snakes, but many True Gods still fell …
"In the Land of Battle of Dao, Perfect True Gods and Saints can't pass through. As for Upper True Gods … Everyone here should be able to represent the top existences in the Domain of the Gods. Even so, it's difficult for them to pass through. In other words, that almighty person simply doesn't want to find a suitable inheritor!" Luo Zheng said.
Dongfang Gui smiled faintly, "Since that's the case, let's all go back!"
"That's right. Giving up is the wisest decision. With this bit of strength, what kind of Dao Battle is this? It's just courting death!" Dongfang Xi added.
The goal of the Wealthy Clans Alliance was to disrupt this Dao Battle.
If the Luo siblings could die here, that would be the best. However, letting everyone return home was also a good choice!
Furthermore, Dongfang Gui and the others would be able to preserve their lives.
Under the lead of the Dongfang family, the Tang family, Fang family, Mu family, and Leng family also chimed in.
Previously, there were many True Gods who wished to return, but they were forcefully suppressed by the sword mastiff.
Now that everyone had encountered such a great calamity, the thought of retreating emerged in their minds!
"That's right. Why are you courting death?"
"It's not too late to turn back now …"
"If we continue forward, I'm afraid we'll all die!"
Other than the bean-eyed Luo Yan and Luo Zheng from the Sword Race, almost all the other True Gods agreed with Dongfang Gui and decided to retreat.
Seeing this situation, the sword mastiff instantly became anxious. This Dongfang Gui was so calculative!
Previously, there were people who wanted to return, but Dongfang Gui did not jump out at that time …
When the time was right and everyone's courage was worn out, they would naturally receive the greatest approval!
As for the Sword Race, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, they had no choice but to retreat.
"Return?"
Luo Zheng stared at Dongfang Gui with a burning gaze and a faint smile appeared on his face. "The way back has always existed. If everyone is willing, you can leave now. Especially everyone from the Wealthy Clans Alliance! In any case, if you stay here, you won't be putting in any effort. Otherwise, I'll have to be wary of you shooting arrows in my back! "
He and the Wealthy Clans Alliance had already fallen out. He was even more clear that Dongfang Gui and the others were fated to have ulterior motives. Naturally, he was not afraid of offending them.
"What do you mean!"
Dongfang Gui's expression darkened. The aura within his body had already begun to disperse.
"I'm saying that if you want to scram, then scram quickly." Luo Zheng unceremoniously sneered.
"Hua hua hua …"
As soon as he finished speaking.
Dongfang Qi, Dongfang Xi, Mu Xian, Fang Jing, Tang Jie, Tang Xu … and the other True Gods from the Wealthy Clans Alliance's aura began to vibrate. At the same time, they all revealed their weapons.
Luo Zheng's words were equivalent to declaring war on them.
Looking at Luo Zheng's strange actions, Jian Ao was speechless. However, his stance was definitely unwavering as he stood behind Luo Zheng.
"Zeng!"
Jian Ao pulled out his long sword and a sharp sword radiance shone.
"Formation!"
"Zeng zeng zeng —"
Mo Nan led the disciples from the Sword Race and stood in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Yan tilted his head slightly and revealed a faint murderous intent in his eyes. His pupils flickered with a dangerous purple light. When his handsome and beautiful face became serious, regardless of which angle one looked at it, it gave off a different kind of beauty.
As for the bean-eyed person, he stood beside Luo Zheng. There was already a navy blue short sword in his hand …
"Brother Luo Zheng, why did you provoke them?" Jian Ao could not help but ask through voice transmission.
Luo Zheng did not answer Jian Ao's question. Instead, he continued to speak to the crowd, "Actually, I wanted to say that the use of these clones is definitely not just to defend against enemies. In other words, it shouldn't be just that little bit of ability. There should be secrets in the Land of Battle of Dao that have yet to be revealed. At least, it should be enough for us to fight against those Fear Incarnations!"
"So what if there is? Can't we give up? We don't covet the inheritance of the skeleton anymore! "A True God could not help but say.
"Go ahead!" Luo Zheng spread out his hands and said.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the True God turned his head and said to Dongfang Gui, "If that's the case, can Big Brother Dongfang lead us away?"
Anyone with a discerning eye could see that …
The Land of Battle of Dao this time was divided into two groups.
One group was led by Luo Zheng and Jian Ao. The other group was led by the Wealthy Clans Alliance.
The grassroots True Gods and other neutral Wealthy Clans did not dare to leave alone. After all, if they left casually, they would encounter greater danger.
However, if Dongfang Gui took the lead and left the Land of Battle of Dao, they would still be willing to follow.
"That's right, Dongfang Gui. We'll go back with you!" A True God from a Wealthy Clan said.
"Why bother with them? It's their business if they want to die! "
"…"
This time, it was Dongfang Gui's turn to be at a loss.
His purpose in coming to the Land of Battle of Dao was to prevent Luo Zheng and the others from obtaining the inheritance.
Now that he had not accomplished anything, how could he leave the Land of Battle of Dao?
According to the rules of the Land of Battle of Dao, the Evil Demon hidden in the fog existed because of him. Once he left the Land of Battle of Dao, he should also disappear …
This was an outcome he could not accept no matter what.

Chapter 2053
Dongfang Gui stood there motionless.
How could he choose to leave before he completed his mission?
But he couldn't say this out loud …
But just now, he had urged everyone to go back together, putting himself in an awkward position.
He coldly looked at Luo Zheng, a trace of restless killing intent surging in his heart.
"Do we attack?"
Dongfang Xi asked with his true essence.
In Dongfang Xi's view, they still had a big advantage.
Dongfang Gui's strength was far stronger than ordinary upper true gods. Mu Xian and Fang Jing weren't weak either. The rich and powerful families would definitely stand on their side.
So Dongfang Xi felt that they could cut the Gordian knot.
"Attack …"
Dongfang Gui had been looking for a suitable opportunity.
But just now, when they were surrounded by the sea of snakes, the Luo siblings had gone to kill the snake spirits and they had been trapped by the sea of snakes.
More importantly, Luo Yan had given him a very dangerous feeling. The sword formation of the eleven sword clan members couldn't be underestimated. Not to mention, Luo Zheng still had that clone by his side!
"No, it's not time yet." Dongfang Gui shook his head.
The safest way was to lure that demon out. At that time … everyone would die together.
Thinking of this, Dongfang Gui smiled. His attitude suddenly changed 180 degrees. "Actually, I feel that brother Luo Zheng's analysis is correct. There must be some secrets we don't know about in this Dao Battle. It's not easy to enter the Dao Battle, it's too disgraceful to go back like this!"
As he spoke, he slowly retracted the aura that was originally spreading out.
"Brother Gui, what are you doing?"
"Are we afraid of them?"
"This Luo Zheng bullied my brother Wan. Let's attack together. Killing him won't be hard …"
The group of ignorant true gods in the rich and powerful families were unhappy.
Although they had entered the Dao Battle together, they hadn't told them too much.
After all, not every true god had the courage to sacrifice themselves. If they knew that this was a sure-death situation, how many people would come?
"There's still a chance if we go back now …"
"Brother Dongfang, didn't you want to go back?"
"…"
The grass-roots True Gods were also very disappointed.
At this time, Luo Zheng seized the opportunity and said, "You dare to go back with such an untrustworthy person? And … who's your brother? "
Luo Zheng's words immediately made Dongfang Gui's face turn red and white.
What kind of person was he, Dongfang Gui, to be humiliated by this Luo Zheng!
He could only grit his teeth and endure it. He was roaring in his heart. Just you wait. When you see that demon, you'll understand what a stupid choice you've made!
After the red light emitted by the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake stopped for a period of time, everyone started moving forward again.
This time, they didn't follow the path set by the Sword Mastiff, but changed directions according to Luo Zheng's request.
In the beginning, this group was led by the Sword Mastiff. They followed the predetermined path and headed straight for the end of the battlefield. This wedge-shaped path was not complicated.
Right now, Luo Zheng seemed to be the leader of this group.
And Luo Zheng's purpose was to explore …
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you sure there are some secrets in the battlefield that we don't know?" asked the Sword Mastiff.
Now, even he couldn't be sure.
"I'm not sure," said Luo Zheng with a smile.
"…" The Sword Mastiff was speechless.
Luo Zheng then said, "But I feel that if we go straight ahead, we won't have the slightest chance!"
"Are you afraid of that Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake?" asked the Sword Mastiff.
Although the Hundred-Touch Heavenly Snake was powerful, it wasn't invincible.
And that Xing Lin …
Half of his body had been cut off by Luo Zheng's sword, and it looked like his injuries weren't light. Seriously speaking, the battlefield wasn't as difficult as they had imagined. They should still have a chance.
"Did you hear what Xing Lin said before?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"What did he say?" The Sword Mastiff was very nervous at that time and didn't pay much attention.
"He kidnapped my sister to give her to Master," replied Luo Zheng indifferently.
"Master!" The Sword Mastiff's eyes flashed with shock.
An extremely vicious person like Xing Lin wouldn't bow down to anyone.
To be able to be regarded as his Master …
They simply didn't have the ability to resist such an existence!
"Just Xing Lin alone wouldn't let me come to such a conclusion. Therefore, I feel that there should be another mystery in the battlefield. As for whether or not we can find it, we can only rely on luck," said Luo Zheng indifferently.
Ever since he was in the universe, Luo Zheng's temperament was like this.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Since he couldn't solve this situation, he could only find another way.
If there was no other way, he would do his best and have a clear conscience!
Although the battlefield was inside the sword race, the sages of the sword race had only explored it twice. Relying on the strength of the sages themselves, they didn't rely on the clone formed by the true meaning of benevolence. Therefore, the sages would ignore the details of the clone.
Therefore, Luo Zheng naturally placed the key to solving the problem on the clone.
Now, Luo Zheng was leading the sword race forward. Dongfang Gui's group had no choice but to follow. Those grass-born true gods were even more helpless …
…
…
"Crackle —"
Accompanied by a burst of lightning and thunder.
Xing Lin appeared in front of Tu 'e.
In Tu 'e's giant hand, there was a green-gray giant bird.
That was the famous "Nether Eagle" of the Takeshi Xuan forest. This Nether Eagle wasn't considered powerful, but its flying speed was extremely fast.
It could track some true gods for several days and nights. It was very difficult to shake it off!
It was said that after the Nether Eagle tracked down a true god, it would release a strong "death intent". The specific manifestation was that the true god's body would emit waves of black gas.
In the beginning, the black gas wouldn't cause any harm to the true god. However, if it continued for three days, no matter how strong you were, you would die instantly. There was no room for resistance.
Therefore, any true god that was targeted by the Nether Eagle would risk their lives to kill the Nether Eagle. Otherwise, they would be the one to die.
Now, the Evil Demon Tu 'e's shoulder also emitted a raging black gas. However, this Nether Eagle probably didn't have the chance to kill Tu' e. Tu 'e's giant hand gently squeezed. The Nether Eagle let out a shrill cry and was stuffed into Tu' e's giant mouth to chew.
"Ugh, it tastes bad …"
Tu 'e frowned.
Although the Abyss Demon Realm was the most terrifying place in the divine plane, it was much better than this godforsaken place.
After swallowing the Nether Eagle, Tu 'e asked, "You seem to be injured?"
Xing Lin nodded respectfully and replied helplessly, "I was injured by a lower-level true god!"
"Low-level true god?" Tu 'e was surprised. "Tell me what you found out."

Chapter 2054
"Because of their existence." Tu 'e looked at the fog in the distance and nodded. "That's indeed the case. We should have been created by some means, and the purpose of our creation was to kill those True Gods."
"In other words, this is just a trial for the Upper True Gods! Then we … "Xing Lin frowned.
"To be able to create living beings at will and possess all their memories, even a Sage can't do that." Tu 'e thought for a while. "I'm not interested in those little guys. Bring me to the Hundred-Touch Sky Snake. After devouring it, we'll find a way to leave this place!"
For existences like Tu 'e and Xing Lin, once they obtained the chance to be reborn, their ultimate goal was to obtain freedom and not be controlled by others.
However, they did not know that their actions were destined to be futile.
At the end of the Battle of Paths.
On the huge iron chain bridge, the long-haired woman was strolling on the iron chain.
Every strand of her hair was emitting a strange luster. It poured down the bottom of the iron chain bridge and slowly fluttered.
So far, no one had crossed the iron chain bridge.
The Sages of the Sword Tribe had crossed the Battle of Paths for the second time, but they were still blocked by the iron chain bridge.
Logically speaking, as the embodiment of fear, this woman was even less qualified to cross the iron chain bridge …
Yet, she was able to walk along the chain safely.
After crossing the iron chain bridge, the long-haired woman went into a small cave.
There were countless eyes on the walls of the cave. After she entered, all the eyes stared at the woman.
The long-haired woman's expression was indifferent as she strolled forward.
Finally, a deep well appeared in front of her. The aura from the deep well was extremely dense. It could be said that the Battle of Paths in the entire non-attacking land flowed out from the deep well.
Following which, she leaped and jumped down.
"Dong!"
The deep well was only a hundred feet high. In an instant, she had stepped to the bottom.
At the bottom of the deep well, a skeleton hugged a long sword and maintained a sitting posture.
"Elder Yuan," the long-haired woman called faintly.
The skeleton sat quietly on the spot without any reaction. It was just a pile of dead things.
"Is it really dead?" The long-haired woman stared at the skeleton and asked.
"A Nirvana realm powerhouse does not care about the past or the future. How could it be destroyed so easily? Stop pretending and speak!" The long-haired woman frowned and said.
The skeleton was already motionless …
The long-haired woman couldn't bear it any longer. With a gentle swing of her hair, she wrapped around the skeleton's chest and was about to drag it out …
With this tug, she was afraid that the skeleton would fall apart!
"Buzz …"
At this moment, the skeleton's empty eye sockets suddenly flashed with a pale yellow light, and the bones all over its body creaked.
A pair of skeletal hands quickly grabbed the strand of hair. Then, the skeleton opened slightly, and an ethereal voice came from within. "Don't pull, don't pull. These old bones can't stand being pulled like this!"
"Wouldn't it have been better if you had spoken earlier?" The long-haired woman said expressionlessly. As soon as she finished speaking, the wisp of black hair quickly retracted and returned to the back of her head. Then, she asked, "Whose Fear Incarnation am I?"
The long-haired woman had not shown herself for many Divine Epochs.
There weren't many opportunities to become the target of fear, so she asked directly.
The skeleton fell silent for a moment before replying faintly, "You're such a smart person. You should already have an answer in your heart."
The long-haired woman lowered her head in silence for a while before nodding …
She had not appeared in the Divine Domain for a long time.
There were very few people who knew of her existence …
The only time she met that youth was in the Underground World through the eye core of a spirit crow.
"Am I that scary?" The long-haired woman revealed a trace of resentment.
The skeleton smiled faintly and said, "Of course you're not scary. But if I saw someone who looked exactly like my younger sister, I'm afraid I'd be shocked too!"
"Younger sister!"
The long-haired woman's beautiful eyebrows furrowed again.
The skeleton nodded. "Both siblings are here. As their mother, why don't you go greet them and come to me first? What's the meaning of this?"
Saying so, the skeleton pointed into the distance.
On one side of the deep well, ripples spread out like waves.
On the screen, Luo Zheng was leading a group of people through the fog …
"The little fellow is very smart. He's already realized the way to break out of the situation in the Land of Dao Struggle. Perhaps he can obtain all of my inheritance." The skeleton's voice faintly revealed a trace of admiration.
The long-haired woman's eyes were fixed on the screen. There was a trace of sadness between her eyebrows. "I … didn't accompany them for even a day."
"Forced by the situation, you can't be blamed. Back then, I thought it was a very ridiculous thing for Luo Xiao to put the siblings into his inner world. Now it seems … I was wrong." The skeleton said faintly, "Luo Xiao made something that was completely impossible become possible. However, he also paid a considerable price for it!"
Hearing the skeleton's words, the long-haired woman's expression softened. She smiled faintly. "Although you've already stepped into the Nirvana Realm and reached a higher level of life, you may not be smarter than my husband. He sees further than you!"
"Further? So what? "The skeleton shook its head." It's already too late. Whether it's brother or sister, even if they obtained my inheritance, it's already too late. We've fallen for too long and have already reached the deepest part of the Chaos. This ship has already been targeted by the Extraterrestrial Demons. "
"Extraterrestrial Demons?" The long-haired woman's gaze froze slightly.
"Even I haven't seen them. The Chaos … is too vast. There aren't many records about the Extraterrestrial Demons in the mother world, but I can already sense their existence." The skeleton replied, "And even if there are no Extraterrestrial Demons, you have no chance of winning!"
"I believe in him," the long-haired woman said faintly.
"I hope so. However, I'm afraid it's hard to say whether the siblings can get through this. They've chosen the right direction, but that demon has also chosen the same path …" The skeleton pointed at the screen on the wall of the well.
Hearing this, the long-haired woman was shocked.
Previously, she had some doubts in her heart. As the incarnation of fear, could it be Luo Zheng's illusion?
Now, she finally got confirmation that the siblings were actually in the Land of Dao Struggle!
How could they fight against that Great Demon?
Being eager to protect her children, she naturally became anxious.
"I didn't kill it just now!"

Chapter 2055
After the long-haired woman left, the skeleton returned to his original appearance.
He clutched the longsword, his empty eyes staring at the scene on the wall of the well.
"You still haven't given up, huh. What a persistent family." The skeleton let out a long sigh. "Although there's only a slim chance, I'd like to see if you can succeed. I'll bestow upon you this opportunity …"
This Dao Struggle, and even the entire non-combatant zone, was completely under the skeleton's control.
Luo Zheng had deduced that the Dao Struggle was illogical and hoped to uncover the mystery behind it.
What he didn't know was that this mystery was in the skeleton's hands!
As long as he was willing, he could pass on his inheritance to anyone.
If he wasn't willing, no one could pass through the Dao Struggle!
…
…
In the mist …
Stepping on his flying sword, Luo Zheng took the lead and rushed forward.
Sword Mastiff followed closely behind, unease in his eyes.
The current situation had completely gone out of his control.
According to Sword Mastiff's initial plan, he should've escorted the Luo siblings through the Dao Struggle.
Ever since Luo Zheng had obtained his clone, Sword Mastiff had been full of hope for this Dao Struggle.
He'd never imagined that the incarnation of fear they would face in this Dao Struggle would be unprecedentedly powerful.
What would they encounter under Luo Zheng's leadership?
"Roar!"
A roar came from the mist.
A huge shadow charged out of the mist.
"Giant ape!"
"The Giant Mountain Ape of Takeshi Xuan Forest."
"A fifth-grade direbeast isn't hard to deal with."
It was still very difficult for an upper true god to face a fifth-grade direbeast.
However, this group of over a hundred Upper True Gods, and all of them were peak characters among the Upper True Gods. It was just that facing such a ferocious beast, it was a piece of cake.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He stepped on his flying sword and spiraled up.
"Roar!"
The Giant Mountain Ape waved its three-hundred-meter-long arm in a frenzy and grabbed at Luo Zheng.
This wasn't the first time Luo Zheng had faced a Giant Mountain Ape.
He'd been besieged by these apes in Immortal Abode.
These mountain-like apes had once given him a lot of pressure.
However, things were different now. Although he was only a lower True God, his strength could not be mentioned in the same breath as before!
"Sou!"
Stepping on the flying sword, Luo Zheng made a slight turn. Like a nimble swallow, he glided past the huge palm of the mountain ape.
Soon after, Luo Zheng flipped over and kicked the flying sword towards the Giant Mountain Ape's arm.
After the flying sword pierced through the Giant Mountain Ape's skin, Luo Zheng grabbed the hilt of the flying sword and ran along the Giant Mountain Ape's arm.
Under the drag of the sharp flying sword, a huge gash appeared on the giant ape's long arm!
Blood gushed out like a waterfall …
"Roar!"
The Giant Mountain Ape went berserk from the pain.
His other hand repeatedly tried to grab Luo Zheng, but he was always one step too slow.
Luo Zheng sprinted and jumped onto the Giant Mountain Ape's shoulder!
The Giant Mountain Ape turned its head and bit at Luo Zheng!
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
His origin energy surged. Two invisible swords shot out and slammed into the Giant Mountain Ape's huge eyes.
"Pa pa!"
The Giant Mountain Ape's two huge eyes instantly exploded.
Accompanied by a series of roars, the Giant Mountain Ape covered its eyes and rolled around on the ground …
At this moment, Luo Yan's lithe figure fluttered over.
He watched as she pressed her face against the Giant Mountain Ape's head and chanted something in silence.
The purple light in her eyes flashed faintly, and a circular projection appeared above the Giant Mountain Ape's head.
Then, he heard her spit out three words.
"Entangle, explode, destroy!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As the ring spun, a strange white vortex appeared and wrapped around the Giant Mountain Ape's head.
Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt a strange energy explode in the Giant Mountain Ape's head …
The Giant Mountain Ape was extremely strong and had an extremely strong vitality.
Even if half of its head exploded, it would not submit. Instead, it would explode with a terrifying ferocity.
The hair all over its body stood up like spikes. A terrifying energy seemed to be about to explode from the Giant Mountain Ape's body.
However, at this moment …
It was as if an invisible energy had swept past.
The Giant Mountain Ape lost its life and became an inanimate object.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. Luo Yan's technique was unreasonably strong.
He understood what was going on.
The "entangle" technique only held the Giant Mountain Ape's huge head in place. It would not harm the Giant Mountain Ape.
As for the "explode" technique, it would cause a violent explosion in a fixed place. The explosion would be in the Giant Mountain Ape's head. That was why the Giant Mountain Ape's head was blown apart.
Although these two techniques were bizarre, they were still acceptable.
However, the "Annihilation" technique could cause the Giant Mountain Ape to lose its life. Wasn't this too domineering?
"Can the" Annihilation "technique kill any living thing at will?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Yan smiled faintly. "Of course not. It can only be activated when certain conditions are met. Otherwise, it will be useless …"
"It can only be activated under certain conditions? What conditions? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Yan blinked and said, "The soul must be weak to a certain extent!"
The Giant Mountain Ape's body was strong, but its soul was not particularly strong among Dire Beasts. Even so, Luo Yan could not destroy it.
It was only after she used the "Explosion" technique to damage the Giant Mountain Ape's mind and severely injure its soul that the "Annihilation" technique took effect.
If she was facing some living thing with a weak soul, she could control its life and death with a single "Annihilation"!
"In other words, this is a type of soul attack?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, Eldest Senior Brother said that if my soul is strong enough, I can annihilate almost everything. I can even annihilate a Saint with a single" Annihilation "." Luo Yan smiled. "Of course, my soul can't be that strong …"
This divine power made Luo Zheng sigh with emotion. Luo Yan's ability had already exceeded his scope of understanding.
As for the group of upper-level True Gods behind them, they all looked at the siblings in a daze.
Sword Mastiff held the scabbard in his hand with a faint look of embarrassment on his face.
He had originally planned to ask the Sword Tribe disciples to attack together, but in the end, the siblings easily annihilated the Giant Mountain Ape in a few breaths' time. He even had an illusion. Was this thing really a level-five Dire Beast?
In front of the siblings, it was so weak that it could not even withstand a single blow …
After annihilating the Giant Mountain Ape, the group continued forward.
Along the way, they encountered two more Terror Incarnations. Those two Terror Incarnations were not considered powerful. With the siblings leading the way, they were practically unstoppable. The others basically did not have a chance to attack.
After advancing for dozens of kilometers like this, everyone realized that the fog ahead had become very strange.

Chapter 2056
It was obvious that there was a power that separated the fog and showed them a path.
The sudden appearance of this road was too abnormal.
Hence, when everyone saw this scene, their eyes flashed slightly.
Especially Jian Ao. The Sword Tribe was the most familiar with the Land of Dao Struggle.
However, Jian Ao had never heard of such a path in the Land of Dao Struggle.
"Could it be a trap?" Jian Ao asked cautiously.
Luo Zheng shrugged and led Luo Yan forward.
When there was no other choice, it was useless to think too much.
Looking at the backs of the Luo Family's siblings, Jian Ao smiled bitterly. They didn't have any psychological burden.
"Big brother Jian Ao, are we going in too?" Mo Nan asked.
Jian Ao nodded and led the Sword Tribe's disciples to follow closely behind.
As for the grass-roots True Gods and the Wealthy Clan's disciples, they hesitated for a moment before following.
Because there was no fog, everything in front of them became clear. Without any obstruction, they could see very far.
After traveling for about 20 kilometers, deep carvings began to appear on the ground. These carvings transformed into unique formations.
"These formations … are very similar to the ones that created the doppelganger!" Jian Ao revealed a surprised expression and became excited.
In a flash, Jian Ao stood on top of the formation and tried to activate it.
However, the formation didn't react at all.
"Why didn't it work?" Jian Ao was slightly puzzled.
Luo Zheng took a deep look at these carvings. These carvings extended far into the distance.
"Maybe it's different from what we imagined …" Luo Zheng said faintly. Then, he started to run along the notch that extended to an extremely far distance.
Jian Ao glanced at Mo Nan and ordered, "Plant the Insightful Eye."
There was some information that the Sword Tribe had to see.
After seeing these carvings, the other Real Gods revealed looks of anticipation. They followed Luo Zheng and the rest and sped up.
As for Dongfang Gui and the others, they looked at each other and quickly followed.
Luo Zheng seemed to have unintentionally led them to a strange place.
The marks on the ground continued to extend until they finally reached the end.
"Stone tablet!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he saw a towering green stele.
On the surface of the green stone tablet was a circle of strangely shaped Sanskrit!
"What unique Sanskrit!"
"I want to make a copy of it!"
"…"
The True Gods who were able to participate in the Dao battle had studied Sanskrit quite a bit.
Suddenly discovering such unique Sanskrit here was like picking up a treasure. How could he let go of this opportunity?
Even Luo Zheng took out the rubbing stones from the Famous Sword God City from his Sumeru Ring and began to copy the Sanskrit characters on the stone tablet.
Everyone was busy with Skill Storing, but Luo Yan seemed to have nothing to do.
She slowly walked past the stone tablet and raised her head to look at it. A faint smile appeared on her face. "Big brother, come and take a look."
Luo Zheng activated the stone in his hand. He aimed it at the Sanskrit characters and activated the stone. Then, a Sanskrit character that looked exactly the same appeared on the stone!
Hearing Luo Yan's call, he responded and walked over reluctantly.
Following the direction Luo Yan pointed, he raised his head to take a look. His face was full of astonishment. "This …"
It turned out that there was a series of large characters engraved on the back of the huge stone tablet!
These large characters were written in a flamboyant and flamboyant style, but they contained the special aura of a non-offensive place.
"Those who wish to obtain my inheritance can leave their names on the top of the stone tablet. Transcendents can obtain it!"
This was not the opportunity that Luo Zheng was looking for.
Originally, he thought that the inheritance of the Nirvana Realm expert must be at the end of the Dao battle.
That was what the Sages thought at the beginning …
Therefore, they spent a tremendous amount of effort to break through the Dao battle and were finally stopped at the iron chain bridge.
From beginning to end, they gained nothing.
Luo Zheng was also misled …
In the beginning, he also thought that the end of the Dao battle was the goal of his trip.
However, halfway through, Luo Zheng realized that the setting of the Dao battle was too unreasonable. It could be said that he had given up and wanted to find other opportunities. Perhaps this place could bestow him with even more powerful weapons!
Never in their wildest dreams would they have thought that after running all over the place, a path would suddenly appear in the mist and lead them directly to this place.
And this place seemed to be the inheritance of the Nirvana Realm expert?
It was simply inconceivable!
Naturally, Luo Zheng did not know that in the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, a wedge-shaped space appeared in front of the skeleton in the deep well. Then, he used his skeletal finger to lightly draw a line in the air. Thus, Luo Zheng saw this path without fog.
The fog on this path was originally drawn by the skeleton!
When some of the True Gods were copying the Sanskrit characters, they also noticed Luo Zheng's excited expression. One after another, they went around the stone tablet and looked up with yearning.
"Ah!" After the sword mastiff saw that line of words, "This, this is …"
After seeing this line of words, the sword mastiff was also very excited.
He never expected that after such a difficult journey, it would be so easy to find the inheritance. He could not help but feel that it was inconceivable.
After seeing the stone tablet, Mo Nan had also planted the Eye of Insight.
In the Sword Transformation Divine City, Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and the others were also in disbelief.
"The inheritance of the Dao battle is not at the end?"
Back then, Jian Wuhen had tried his best to cross the iron chain bridge, but he had still failed in the end.
Only now did he realize that he might have been looking in the wrong direction from the beginning.
Unexpectedly, Yu Taibai shook his head and said, "That might not be the case. Perhaps … the captain did not want others to obtain the inheritance."
Thinking about the fog that had disappeared, it was not difficult to come to this conclusion.
With this reminder, Jian Wuhen nodded. His eyes were still filled with disbelief as he said, "In other words, the captain deliberately took out the inheritance? His goal was … "
"His goal was to hand it over to Luo Zheng or … Luo Yan," Yu Taibai replied.
Hearing this, Jian Wuhen was speechless.
…
…
"Obtaining the inheritance requires one to leave their name on the top of the stone tablet? Easy! "
Someone moved first …
An upper-level True God was the first to rush up, heading straight for the top of the green stone tablet.
However, as he shot forward, his speed became incomparably slow.
The row of words that extended from the top of the stone tablet emitted a powerful aura that pressed down on him.
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
Thirty feet …
As this True God continued to climb, the pressure from the aura became even stronger!
Dong!
When this True God sprinted to a height of 400 feet, he seemed to have hit an invisible wall.
Then, like a stone that had been thrown into a pond, his entire body fell into the water …
He did not fly past the top of the green stone tablet and was unable to leave his name on it.
When the other True Gods saw this, they naturally followed suit. However, most of them stopped at forty feet.
Above that height, there seemed to be an invisible wall that blocked the path of everyone.
"I'll do it!"
The one who spoke was Dongfang Xi.
His body transformed into a ray of green light, and a pair of illusory green wings slowly spiraled around him.
With a flap of the wings, his entire body shot upwards!
When Dongfang Xi rushed to a distance of four hundred feet, his entire body suddenly shook.
"Hmph!"

Chapter 2057
It was written on this green stone tablet that if one wanted to obtain the inheritance of the Dao Struggle, one had to leave their name at the top of the stone tablet. Only a transcendent being could obtain it.
What was a transcendent being?
Naturally, the higher the better!
Although Dongfang Xi wasn't old, his talent was outstanding in the Dongfang family!
After breaking through 400 feet, he didn't rashly leave his name. He continued to charge upwards!
"The true meaning of good and evil is very powerful!" Dongfang Xi's eyes flickered, "But my Dongfang family's inheritance isn't bad either!"
Other than using the True Dao that he cultivated, Dongfang Xi also activated some kind of secret technique. His body erupted with a vast power.
It was this power that actually increased his speed instead of decreasing …
500 feet …
600 feet …
700 feet …
When he broke through 700 feet, he could already see the top of the green stone tablet when he raised his head!
The entire green stone tablet was around 300 feet!
If he could leave his name above 300 feet, he would definitely be able to obtain the inheritance.
However, when he reached a height of seventy feet, he felt that the space around him had become incomparably viscous, as if he was drilling through thick and viscous oil. Moreover, he felt as if there were countless hands on his body, dragging him down.
"The limit!"
700 feet!
A small snake-like carving knife appeared in Dongfang Xi's hand.
When the carving knife left his hand, he heard a few "ding ding ding ding" sounds.
Contrary to Dongfang Xi's expectations, the material of this green stone tablet was actually very soft. It wasn't difficult to carve.
There was an additional word on the green stone tablet.
"Xi!"
"Whoosh!"
After carving this word, Dongfang Xi's entire body fell down and finally stood firmly on the ground.
Dongfang Xi raised his head and looked at the word "Xi". He revealed a smile and turned his head, "Brother Gui, leaving a word isn't difficult!"
Dongfang Gui nodded.
The True Gods were originally worried that it would be extremely difficult to carve words on this stone tablet. These words dispelled the worries in their hearts.
These True Gods also rubbed their palms, eager to give it a try.
Previously, when they wandered around the Dao Struggle, it could be said that they gained nothing.
Not only that, they also experienced all kinds of hardships and almost lost their lives …
To be able to walk here alive, they either had outstanding strength or extreme luck.
Now that they had finally found this opportunity, everyone wanted to grasp it in their own hands!
Obtaining the inheritance of Dao Struggle was merely a step away. This was something that had never happened in the past countless years!
"Let me!"
The Sword Mastiff could no longer hold back.
Although Jian Wuhen had instructed that the Luo siblings would be the main protagonists of the Dao Battle, Luo Ruoxin and Luo Ruoxin were the Luo siblings.
But who in this world didn't want to become a ruler?
After all, Sword Mastiff was a disciple of the Sword Clan. He believed that the Sword Clan would want him to obtain the inheritance of the Land of Dao Struggle.
Even though Sword Mastiff understood that his chances were not high, how would he know if he did not try?
The Sword Mastiff's eyes flickered with a resplendent light. With a stomp of its foot, it raised the longsword in its hand and shot upwards!
Swish!
From bottom to top, he was like a sharp arrow piercing through the air, his figure extremely sharp!
"Alright!"
"Big Brother Jian Ao! Good luck! "
The disciples of the Sword Tribe raised their heads and looked at the Sword Mastiff. After all, the Sword Mastiff was the core existence of the Sword Tribe.
The Sword Mastiff's ascension was actually twice as fast as Dongfang Xi's!
In the blink of an eye, he had reached a height of 400 feet …
When Dongfang Gui, Dongfang Xi, Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the rest saw this scene, their faces sank slightly.
At this time, everyone was scheming in their hearts.
They were naturally unwilling to see the Sword Mastiff reach too high.
Swish!
But the Sword Mastiff was like a hot knife through butter, breaking through 400 feet.
He went up again, his speed not fast nor slow, rising in a very stable manner.
150 feet, 600 feet, 700 feet …
Like Dongfang Xi, after climbing to a height of 700 feet, the Sword Mastiff's speed slowed down.
"What a powerful pressure!"
The Sword Mastiff gritted his teeth, his face becoming extremely distorted.
He held the longsword in his hand, biting his lips tightly …
"Sword Intent Unthinking!"
At this moment, an extremely sharp aura burst out from his body.
That was the Sword Tribe's Eternal Sword Cloud True Intent.
In terms of understanding of Dao Intent, the Sword Mastiff was extremely outstanding. Even some Perfection Stage experts in the Sword Tribe were inferior to the Sword Mastiff!
When he activated the Eternal Sword Cloud True Intent, his entire person seemed to have lost vitality at that moment.
Giving people a strange misconception, as if he was no longer a body of flesh and blood at this moment, but a sword!
"Eh!"
Luo Zheng looked at the Sword Mastiff above with an expression of interest on his face.
In order to activate the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, Luo Zheng had already cultivated to the state of Anatta Sword …
But that was merely Anatta, and it was not completely attributed to the state of Anatta.
The Sword Mastiff's True Intent seemed to have risen another level, completely turning himself into a cold weapon without any aura of life?
"No wonder the Sword Mastiff was indignant when mentioning the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. If he used the Dao Battle Ground that he cultivated together with the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, he could immediately unleash the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to a terrifying state …"
Swish!
After activating the Eternal Sword Cloud True Intent, the Sword Mastiff increased his height again.
72 feet …
730 feet …
740 feet …
Seeing the Sword Mastiff surpass him, Dongfang Xi's face was gloomy, and his eyes flickered with dense killing intent!
Once surpassed, it meant that he no longer had the chance to obtain the inheritance.
The Sword Tribe disciples cheered. Although the Sword Mastiff had only surpassed two True Gods, this height was clearly not something that ordinary people could reach.
"Not enough!"
The Sword Mastiff suddenly gritted his teeth.
Traces of faint sword marks appeared on his face!
All the "potential" in his internal world was extracted in an instant, crazily surging in his body like a flood.
"Blazing Sword Art!"
Huala …
Those sword marks seemed to have burned half of them, blooming a blood-colored pattern on his face. The Sword Mastiff's figure rose again!
780 feet …
790 feet …
800 feet!
Then, the Sword Mastiff flipped in the air, and the long sword in his hand shook out a sword flower.
Dang! Dang! Dang!
The long sword bloomed a little sparks on the green stone tablet.
The word "Mastiff" was deeply engraved on the stone tablet, and then it flipped over and landed.
800 feet, it had surpassed Dongfang Xi's height of 80 feet.
Even though Dongfang Xi was quite unhappy, he was somewhat convinced in his heart. After all, Dongfang Xi understood the difficulty of above 700 feet.
The Sword Mastiff was indeed stronger than him!
The skeleton in the deep well stared at the scene on the wall of the well.
That pair of empty eyes flickered with a touch of brilliance.
"There's actually such an existence among the Sword Tribe's juniors. Leaving his name 800 feet, not bad!"
The skeleton and the Sword Tribe were neighbors. It could be said that he had watched the Sword Tribe grow from a small tribe to this day.
During this period, the skeleton had even secretly given the Sword Tribe some help through Ruo Mu.

Chapter 2058
In Skeleton's heart, he would eventually be destroyed along with the destruction of this world.
From the day he left the mother world, he had already made preparations …
His inheritance would naturally disappear along with it.
This ship carried hope, but also destruction.
The meaning he had once chased after was now meaningless.
He silently watched as they struggled, resisted in vain, and fought hard for every opportunity.
Turning the probability of one in a hundred million into two in a hundred million …
At one point, he found it very laughable. The probability was twice as high, but what was the point?
But after these two tiny probabilities came to the land of the Battle of Dao, the long-haired woman's words made him understand.
They really did a lot …
At least they turned the probability of two in a hundred million into one in a hundred thousand.
That was because a faint glimmer of hope had been ignited in his dead heart.
After the sword mastiff left his name at the height of eight hundred feet, the other True Gods also joined in.
"Six hundred and sixty feet!"
"Five hundred and fifty feet …"
"Five hundred and seventy feet …"
From this, it could be seen that the strength of the True Gods from wealthy families was a level higher than the True Gods from grassroots families.
Most of the True Gods from wealthy families could break through six hundred feet, while the grassroots True Gods were concentrated at five hundred feet. Only occasionally would someone break through six hundred feet.
Although most people could not reach the terrifying height of eight hundred feet, no one extinguished the hope in their hearts.
Just like Dongfang Xi who had also tried for the second time!
This time, Dongfang Xi had almost used all his means, but only managed to rise by one foot, which was seven hundred and thirty feet. That was his true limit.
And he did not have any energy left to leave his name, falling straight down from above.
"Brother, it's my turn," Luo Yan said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
After Luo Zheng nodded, Luo Yan tipped her toes lightly, and began to climb at a very steady speed.
Most True Gods used their own potential to charge upwards from the beginning. This way, they could break through the obstacle of four hundred feet to the greatest extent.
But Luo Yan did not plan to do so. Her posture was light as a feather, like a butterfly spreading its wings …
When she reached the height of four hundred feet, her body twisted slightly, as if she had flipped over the invisible obstacle.
The True Gods below could not understand at all how she had avoided the obstacle.
After charging past four hundred feet, she looked up and softly chanted a word.
"Quick."
After she activated the Holy Word Technique, the True Meaning of Annihilation.
His speed instantly soared!
"Sou!"
In mid-air, she did not hesitate at all. She maintained her top speed all the way as she rapidly approached upwards …
The Sword Puppet stared at Luo Yan's figure.
Although his mission was to protect Luo Yan, in this case, he and Luo Yan were in a competitive relationship.
From the bottom of his heart, he certainly didn't want Luo Yan to surpass him.
But considering the overall situation, Sword Mastiff also hoped that Luo Yan could climb to a higher level as much as possible.
After all, some of the important figures from the rich and powerful families, such as Dongfang Gui, Mu Xian, and the others, had yet to make a move. If these people were to surpass him, wouldn't the losses outweigh the gains?
However, Luo Yan's results naturally wouldn't follow the Sword Mastiff's thoughts.
After 700 Zhang …
Although her speed had slowed down, she was still unstoppable!
"I can't believe it's so easy!"
"Doesn't that mean she's steadily breaking through eight hundred feet?"
"Ai, we came here for nothing …"
Those True Gods who had already gone up didn't care. After all, in front of Luo Yan, Sword Mastiff had already created an insurmountable record.
But there were still some True Gods who had yet to participate. If Luo Yan left her name at an unattainable height, they might not even have the need to try.
Just like what they had seen, Luo Yan easily reached the height of 800 Zhang.
However, after reaching 800 Zhang, the pressure she faced seemed to increase again.
Everyone clearly saw her body sway, as if she was in a crazy gale, constantly swaying in the air.
Although her swaying was very large, her beautiful face was full of seriousness.
"I want to reach the highest," Luo Yan only had this thought in her mind.
8100 Zhang …
8200 Zhang …
Every Zhang was incomparably difficult. She stumbled like this and reached the height of 800 Zhang. She didn't go up, nor did she fall.
"She stopped?"
"She actually still has the strength to stay there!"
After many True Gods reached a certain height, they no longer had the strength to carve.
For Luo Yan to be able to hover at such a height, it was obvious that she still had the strength to do so.
To the True Gods, this scene was simply unbelievable.
"This lady's true strength is so strong?"
"Unbelievable …"
"But I think she is in great pain!"
Luo Zheng looked at his sister and his eyes were full of concern.
Although he didn't agree with Luo Yan's stubbornness, Luo Yan wanted to use this opportunity to prove herself. It was also her own obsession.
"Not bad, Yu Taibai. It seems that she can reach the height of 900 Zhang." Jian Leiting stared at Luo Yan and laughed.
When Sword Mastiff left her name at the height of 800 Zhang, Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting, the two Sages of the Sword Tribe, revealed gratified expressions.
If Sword Mastiff obtained the inheritance of the skeleton, it would be a great blessing for the Sword Tribe.
After that, no other True God could surpass Sword Mastiff. The two Sages naturally felt a little proud in front of Yu Taibai.
However, once Luo Yan made her move, there was almost no suspense. She left Sword Mastiff in the dust.
Jian Leiting praised her on the surface, but he was still somewhat disappointed.
"I said before that Luo Yan will definitely obtain the inheritance," Yu Taibai said confidently.
Jian Wuhen rolled his eyes. "At this point, of course you would say that. Luo Zheng hasn't made his move yet … Maybe Brother will obtain the inheritance?"
"He can't fly," Yu Taibai replied.
Hearing Yu Taibai's reply, the two Sages were speechless.
It wasn't unreasonable …
Upper True Gods could fly without relying on anything, but Luo Zheng could only fly by relying on his flying sword.
Under other circumstances, it wouldn't affect him much. However, at this time, it would definitely affect him greatly. After all, Luo Zheng had to divert his attention to drive the flying sword under his feet.
Just as they were talking …
The purple glow in Luo Yan's eyes suddenly lengthened.
She muttered something under her breath.
A ring appeared beneath her feet once again ….
"Break, Quick, Strong!"
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
As the ring began to rotate, her body suddenly rose up in height.
As she rose, everyone could even hear an ear-piercing sound of friction coming from her body.
One could imagine how strong the resistance around her was.
Even so, Luo Yan still broke through layers of resistance and reached a height of 900 Zhang.
She stretched out her hand and pointed, and the surface of the green stone tablet caved in.

Chapter 2059
Everyone looked at the graceful "Yan" character at the top of the nine hundred and twenty feet and didn't say anything.
Some True Gods weren't convinced and planned to try a second time. Even those who tried a third time understood that this was an unbreakable record.
They looked at Luo Yan's slender and weak body and couldn't believe that she was so strong.
"This height, no one should be able to surpass it," Yellow Bean Eyes looked up and said in a daze.
"Yan 'er, that's amazing," Luo Zheng also praised.
Luo Yan looked up at the character she had carved and said with a smile, "Big brother, are you still not going to make a move?"
Luo Zheng glanced at Dong Fang Gui and the others, then shook his head, "No rush."
Since Luo Yan had already occupied the first height, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to leave his name on the green stone tablet.
Dong Fang Gui and the others from the Wealthy Alliance hadn't made a move yet. Just in case, he could choose to be the last to go.
"Then I'll go," Yellow Bean Eyes smiled faintly.
After saying that, a green whirlwind suddenly appeared under his feet. As the whirlwind spun, his body spun faster and faster, spiraling upwards rapidly.
At the same time, three or four True Gods moved together and started climbing the green stone tablet.
Dong Fang Gui narrowed his eyes and looked at the top of the stone tablet.
The "Yan" character was so dazzling in his eyes.
"Big brother Gui, what do we do?" Mu Xian asked.
Mu Xian was a Mu Family disciple that Mu Xuerong had raised.
This time, he entered the Dao Battle Ground to avenge Mu Xuerong …
In Mu Xuerong's order, Luo Yan wasn't important. No matter whether Luo Yan had the chance to obtain the inheritance of the Dao Battle Ground, his first goal was to kill Luo Zheng!
However, the sword clan disciple and Luo Yan's strength made Dong Fang Gui very cautious.
Dong Fang Gui quickly warned everyone not to make a move.
Mu Xian also felt that the chances of success weren't high and restrained himself.
Now that the other party had found the inheritance in the Land of Dao Struggle, it seemed that he might have gotten it. Mu Xian was finally anxious.
"Help me," Dong Fang Gui said as he stared at the stone tablet.
"How?" Mu Xian couldn't understand. "Do you want us to do it together?"
"Attack? No … "Dongfang Gui shook his head," Help me climb to a higher place! "
Right now, Dongfang Gui's heart was in turmoil.
He had clearly seen the shadow of that evil demon in the mist. That was the evil demon named Tue. It must have been in the Battle of Dao.
Along the way, they didn't encounter any demon. Now, everyone was trying to leave their names on the green stone tablet, but the demon still hadn't appeared.
Let the Luo siblings obtain the inheritance?
This was something that absolutely could not be allowed to happen.
Since there was an accident now, Dongfang Gui could only rely on his own abilities.
"Shua!"
Dongfang Gui lightly waved his hand, and seven faint golden Phoenix Head Gold Needles appeared in his palm. In his other hand, there was a dazzling silver Dragon Head Silver Needle.
"Discrete Spirit Gathering Needle!"
When Mu Xian saw the set of needles in Dongfang Gui's hand, he was shocked and frowned.
"This is the only way," Dongfang Gui said with a true essence sound transmission.
Fang Jing and the other True Gods of the aristocratic alliance had ugly expressions …
The Discrete Spirit Gathering Needle was a secret treasure unique to the Dongfang family. This Phoenix Head Gold Needle could draw out the energy of others and use it for oneself.
However, once one's cultivation was drawn out, it would cause considerable damage to one's dantian, inner world, and even one's godhead.
Unless it was absolutely necessary, the Dongfang family rarely used this method.
"It hasn't reached that point yet, right?" Mu Xian shook his head.
"That's right. Who knows, maybe Brother Gui can surpass that Luo Yan?" Fang Jing agreed.
No one wanted to have a needle stuck in their body …
Dongfang Gui shook his head, "Can't you see? That Luo Zheng hasn't made a move yet. "
"Luo Zheng?"
"That kid isn't even an upper True God. He can't even fly. There's no way he can leave his name on the green stone tablet, right?"
"I think so too. If Brother Gui can surpass Luo Yan, you'll win!"
Hearing this, Dongfang Gui bitterly smiled, "Nine hundred and twenty feet isn't that easy to surpass. Moreover … I think that Luo Zheng hasn't made a move yet because he has the confidence to jump even higher than Luo Yan!"
Seeing that they didn't believe him, he could only continue, "To ensure that I can reach nine hundred and twenty feet, I should have used the Discrete Spirit Gathering Needle. If I'm lucky enough to obtain the inheritance, everyone's treatment in your clans will be even better!"
If they could really obtain the inheritance in the Dao Battle, they would have indeed made a great contribution.
Compared to the damage caused by the Discrete Spirit Gathering Needle, it wasn't even worth mentioning.
Mu Xian and the others immediately revealed a look of interest …
Dongfang Gui saw that the time was right. With a flip of his hand, the seven Phoenix Head Gold Needles flew towards the seven of them.
With a flip of his finger, he aimed the shiny silver Dragon Head Silver Needle at his chest and lightly tapped it. The thin and long silver needle immediately pierced his chest, leaving behind a small and exquisite dragon head.
Mu Xian held the Phoenix Head Gold Needle in his hand and looked at it. The hesitation on his face faded.
"Pu!"
The Phoenix Head Gold Needle was also buried in his chest.
Perhaps the others had some misgivings in their hearts. Seeing that Mu Xian had done it, they naturally didn't think too much.
When everyone pierced the Phoenix Head Gold Needle into their chest, a small whirlpool formed in their bodies. It was this whirlpool that was constantly swallowing their strength, blood, and even the True Essence and Force in their inner world …
At the same time, a whirlpool appeared in Dongfang Gui's chest.
He instantly felt his body expand by two parts. His entire body was filled with strength!
These seven Phoenix Head Gold Needles couldn't completely absorb their cultivation. However, with seven Upper True Gods stacked together, it almost doubled his strength in a short period of time.
At this time, Yellow Bean Eye had already rushed to the top of the green stone tablet …
"Eight hundred and fifty feet!"
"This guy isn't from a rich and powerful family. I didn't expect him to have such a method!"
"Although he isn't as abnormal as Luo Yan, he's still ranked second …"
"Zeng Zeng Zeng …"
They saw Yellow Bean Eye carve the word "Jiu" on top of it and then fall down.
The others didn't think too much about this word. However, when Luo Zheng saw the word "Jiu", his eyelids twitched.
Could this person have been sent by Saint Jiu?
When he was in the Forbidden Land of God Refinement, he knew that Saint Jiu was also looking for suitable candidates. Clearly, in Saint Jiu's eyes, Luo Zheng was only one of them.
Now that Yellow Bean Eye had carved the word "Jiu", he wondered if it had anything to do with him.
"Pata!"
After carving the word, Yellow Bean Eye landed on the ground and looked at the height of the word "Jiu", slightly dissatisfied.

Chapter 2060
Most of the True Gods had left their names on it.
The lowest had just broken through four hundred feet, while the highest was Luo Yan, nine hundred and twenty feet …
Many True Gods had tried several times. The one who had tried the most was a member of a wealthy family. He had tried more than ten times, but his best result was only six hundred and fifty feet.
In the end, this member of a wealthy family gave up. He could only sigh as he watched the others break the record.
When Luo Zheng stepped out with his flying sword, Dongfang Gui also stepped out.
Jian Ao's face sank when he saw Dongfang Gui walk out.
Although several True Gods were climbing at the same time, there was no prohibition.
But Dongfang Gui, as the leader of the Wealthy Alliance in the Battle of the Paths, had been waiting patiently.
Now that Luo Zheng was about to start, Dongfang Gui stepped forward. It was inevitable that Jian Ao would be on guard.
"Dongfang Gui, if you want to leave your name on this stone tablet, you can wait until brother Luo Zheng carves it. There's no need to go up together." Jian Ao stepped forward and stared at Dongfang Gui. His words weren't polite at all.
"Why must I fall behind others?" Dongfang Gui laughed coldly.
He had been waiting patiently all this time, but that didn't mean he was afraid of Jian Ao.
"Since you don't want to fall behind others, you can go up first." Jian Ao extended his hand and made an inviting gesture. Then, he winked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng obviously knew what Jian Ao meant.
Dongfang Gui didn't come earlier or later. He waited until now. If he said he didn't have any ulterior motives, no one would believe him.
Dongfang Gui naturally wasn't happy. He laughed, "It's my freedom to go up first or later. Why should I listen to you?"
From what he said, he wanted to rely on Luo Zheng.
Jian Ao originally planned to continue provoking him, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to wave his hand. "Brother Jian Ao, forget it." Then, he glanced at Dongfang Gui. "Since someone likes to follow me so much, let him go!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng's palm turned over slightly. He extended a finger and pressed down on the flying sword.
His body flashed and he stepped firmly on the flying sword!
"Xiu!"
With an ear-piercing sound, Luo Zheng shot towards the sky.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had set off, Dongfang Gui also jumped up and followed closely behind Luo Zheng!
However, when he left the ground, Mu Xian, Fang Jing, Dongfang Qi, and Dongfang Xi's eyes flashed slightly.
The True Divinities of the Wealthy Alliance all received Dongfang Gui's true essence sound transmission: "If I fight with Luo Zheng on the stone tablet, you must also do the same!"
Dongfang Gui's decision was not bad.
If he were to rely on his own strength and discrete Spirit-Gathering Needles to surpass Luo Yan and Luo Zheng, that would be the best case scenario.
He would represent the Dongfang Clan to obtain the inheritance of Dao Zheng. As for the lives of Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, they were no longer that important …
However, if he was unable to surpass the two of them, he would immediately choose to make a move and make a final gamble!
At that time, Dongfang, Tang, Leng, Fang, Mu, and the other members of the Wealthy Class Alliance would naturally attack together with him!
When the sword mastiff saw the exchange between their gazes, a cold smile appeared on his face.
"Sword Clan disciples, set up the array!"
The Sword Clan disciples revealed strange expressions, but they still immediately set up the sword array.
The sword mastiff was even more decisive than Dongfang Gui.
Since Dongfang Gui's goal was to stop this Dao battle, this was their only chance.
Although both sides had yet to shed all pretense of cordiality, the sword mastiff naturally had to take precautions!
"Sword mastiff, what is the meaning of this sword array!" Mu Xian asked with a gloomy expression. They didn't think that the sword mastiff would react so quickly.
The sword mastiff lazily glanced at Mu Xian, "It's fun, can't it?"
Mu Xian rolled his eyes and felt the whirlpool in his body slightly tremble.
He looked up and saw that Dongfang Gui had already broken through the invisible barrier at the height of 400 feet …
With Dongfang Gui's strength, he could easily break through that barrier by himself. Now that he had gathered the cultivation of seven upper True Divinities, he didn't have the slightest hesitation and directly crashed into it!
"How did Dongfang Gui's aura suddenly become stronger?"
"I can faintly feel the aura of Perfection from his body. He couldn't have broken through in the Dao battle, right?"
"Yes, the aura he's emitting has already far surpassed the scope of an upper True Divinity!"
Dongfang Gui felt a surge of energy gushing out from his chest, as if it was inexhaustible. At this moment, Dongfang Gui even had the impulse to grab Luo Zheng and tear him to pieces!
Compared to Dongfang Gui, Luo Zheng's speed was much slower. When he passed through the 400 feet height, facing the invisible barrier, he appeared to be much more relaxed.
Or rather, he didn't react at all and just passed through like that …
"Eh? How did he break through that invisible barrier at the 40th level? "
"It seems like he didn't even touch it!"
"Could it have been broken by Dongfang Gui just now?"
"How is that possible? That's just an invisible wall of energy. Even if it was broken, it would quickly recover!"
Everyone couldn't figure it out …
After Luo Zheng broke through the 400 feet height, he still stepped on his flying sword and ascended in a straight line at a moderate speed.
As for Dongfang Gui, in the blink of an eye, he had already reached the 600 feet height, but his speed suddenly slowed down a lot.
The gap between Luo Zheng and him was rapidly shrinking.
"Actually, you didn't have to deliberately wait for me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Dongfang Gui glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said with a faint smile, "When did I wait for you?"
"If you can surpass me, then we'll all be at peace. If you can't, then you'll attack me, right?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Hearing this, Dongfang Gui was slightly startled.
His thoughts weren't hard to guess, but so what if he guessed it? Unless Luo Zheng chose to give up now, then it still wouldn't change the outcome!
"Hmph," Dongfang Gui snorted coldly, and the aura in his body suddenly erupted.
His speed suddenly increased by more than three times, and in the blink of an eye, he left Luo Zheng in the dust. Very quickly, he broke through the 700 feet height and went straight for the 800 feet height.
Luo Zheng still had a calm and unhurried appearance. Stepping on his flying sword, he slowly ascended with a faint smile on his face.
In Sword Transformation Divine City, Yu Taibai's face revealed a trace of nervousness.
"I didn't expect Dongfang Gui to have a set of discrete spirit gathering needles!" Jian Leiting said indifferently.
Jian Wuhen sighed, "The Dongfang Family doesn't have many of these scattered spirit gathering needles. If Dongfang Gui surpasses Luo Yan, then what should we do?"
After Mo Nan planted the Eye of Insight, these experts were naturally able to see more details.
Dongfang Gui's secret distribution of gold and silver needles naturally couldn't escape their eyes and ears.
"There are only seven scattered spirit gathering needles in a set. At most, they can only double one's strength. Relying on these needles may not be enough to reverse the situation," Yu Taibai said with a frown.

Chapter 2061
After breaking through the 800 zhang mark, Dong Fang Gui's speed slowed down.
After all, among the hundred upper true gods present, only Luo Yan, Jian Ao, and Yellow Bean Eyes had broken through the 800 zhang mark.
"Hmph, continue!"
Under his full power, the dragon head needle in his chest flickered with light.
The whirlpool in his body spun faster and faster …
Under the green stone tablet.
Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the rest of the seven each swallowed a pill and sat cross-legged on the ground.
Seeing this, Luo Yan and Jian Ao's eyes flashed.
Although they didn't know why the seven were doing this, they could see that they were using some method to help Dong Fang Gui.
"Big brother …"
Luo Yan looked up at Luo Zheng with a worried expression.
After reaching the 800 zhang mark, Dong Fang Gui's speed slowed down, but he continued to climb steadily.
As for Luo Zheng, after reaching the 750 zhang mark, he almost stopped.
If Dong Fang Gui really broke Luo Yan's record with his own strength, they would lose everything!
This was what Yu Taibai of the sword clan didn't want to see the most.
Although Luo Yan rarely thought about the big picture and Yu Taibai rarely gave her a choice, she understood the seriousness of the situation.
"If Dong Fang Gui really surpasses me and big brother fails, I'll have to try again," Luo Yan thought to herself.
Sensing Luo Yan's nervousness, Jian Ao calmly said, "Dong Fang Gui, the chances of him surpassing you aren't high. Don't worry."
"En!" Luo Yan nodded.
860 zhang …
870 zhang …
880 zhang …
Dong Fang Gui was practically sticking to the green stone tablet, crawling upwards.
As a death warrior sent by the Dong Fang family, he was already prepared to die. He was more loyal than anyone else and more determined than anyone else.
However, he wanted to live and see the world. He wanted to see the Dong Fang family's ambition become a reality!
Surpass Luo Yan and obtain the inheritance …
Not only could Dong Fang Gui preserve his life, he would become one of the leaders of the Dong Fang family in the future.
Even surpassing god and entering saint!
How could he give up such an opportunity?
"Huff huff huff …"
When he climbed to a height of 890 feet, the pressure from the green stone tablet suddenly multiplied!
Under this terrifying pressure, he was like a moth facing the mountain wind, and could be blown down at any time!
"Oh no! Hold on! "
Dongfang Gui maintained his balance.
He didn't expect the pressure difference between 890 feet and 900 feet to be so great!
It was no wonder that Luo Yan was able to reach a height of nine hundred and twenty feet in one breath. It was almost impossible to maintain one's body at this height.
"That brat Luo Zheng stopped at 700 feet. His reputation is undeserved! As long as I surpass Luo Yan, surpass the height of 920 Zhang … everything will be mine, everything! "
Dongfang Gui's eyes bulged, and the veins in his eyes quickly spread. The whirlpool in his body spun faster and faster!
At the same time, the complexions of Mu Xian and the others became paler and paler, and their auras became weaker and weaker, declining …
One of the weaker True Gods had his face filled with wrinkles, and he looked much older in an instant.
The reason why they were so resistant to the spirit gathering needle was because of this.
Inserting the phoenix head gold needle into their bodies was equivalent to handing their lives over to Dongfang Gui!
Seeing Dongfang Gui absorbing their cultivation at such a fast speed, they quickly swallowed and absorbed pills as if they didn't cost anything … even so, it was difficult to stop the side effects of the spirit gathering needle.
"Go!"
Dongfang Gui suddenly charged upwards, and climbed another two feet!
Nine hundred and ten feet …
"Only one step away." Luo Yan's hands clenched into small fists, and his face was filled with nervousness.
"Brother Gui, do your best!"
"Only one foot away from that woman's record!"
"Charge over, and the inheritance of this Dao Battle will belong to our Dongfang family."
The True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance were all excited.
They didn't think that this Dao Battle that had lasted for countless years would end in their hands.
Even if they didn't obtain the inheritance, they still felt proud.
Jian Ao's face was very ugly.
His eyes stared at Mu Xian and the others not far away.
For Dongfang Gui to have such strength, he must have relied on some mysterious method. Then these seven people must be the key!
"Strike first and gain the upper hand." Mo Nan said faintly through true essence.
Not only Jian Ao, but Mo Nan also saw the problem …
The Sword family and Luo family had already made up their minds. They had no way out!
If they chose to strike first and kill those seven people, they should be able to stop Dongfang Gui!
"Mm." Jian Ao nodded.
Although the Sword family members respected the path of benevolence, they weren't soft-hearted people.
Once he understood the problem in front of him, Jian Ao didn't hesitate at all.
But the Wealthy Alliance's reaction was also very fast …
Dongfang Xi and Dongfang Qi constantly paid attention to the Sword family members' movements.
They saw Jian Ao take a step forward.
Dongfang Xi sneered and lightly clapped his hands, and a scarlet red disk shot out.
"Heavenly Star Disk!"
On the other side, Dongfang Qi waved his hand, and a disk appeared behind him …
"Falling Jade Disk!"
These two discs had extremely powerful formations on them.
Even in the Dongfang family, they were very rare treasures.
For this Dao battle, the Dongfang family didn't hesitate to give these two disks to two people. It was clear how much the Dongfang family valued them!
It wasn't just Dongfang Xi, Dongfang Qi …
The Leng family, Mu family, Tang family, and many other True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance were all ready to attack.
"If you want to fight, we'll accompany you anytime!" Dongfang Xi sneered.
Although Dongfang Gui was wary of Luo Yan and Jian Ao, the Wealthy Alliance had always had the advantage!
Whether it was strength or numbers, they had never feared the Sword family.
As for the other grassroots True Gods and Wealthy Alliance disciples, they silently retreated to the side. They didn't want to get involved for no reason.
Luo Yan tapped his foot and was three feet off the ground. He lightly waved his finger and quietly asked, "Are we really going to fight them?"
Jian Ao was a bit hesitant …
After a moment of hesitation, Mo Nan let out an "Ah!". Dongfang Gui had already broken Luo Yan's record on the green stone tablet!
Seeing Dongfang Gui pass Luo Yan's "Yan" character, the Sword family members, Luo Yan, Yellow Bean Eyes, and the others all felt their hearts sink.
Now, they could only place all their hopes on Luo Zheng …
However, Luo Zheng was still at a height of over seventy feet. He was slowly climbing upwards, and it was doubtful whether he could break through eighty feet.
At this moment, they weren't the only ones with ugly expressions.

Chapter 2062
In Yu Taibai's eyes, Luo Yan was the greatest hope for the Dao Contest.
Jian Wuhen didn't know the true background of the Luo Family. Since Yu Taibai placed all his focus on Luo Yan, he and Jian Leiting naturally paid close attention to Luo Yan.
As for Luo Zheng ….
The avatar that he had condensed earlier was indeed quite amazing!
This meant that Luo Zheng had a very deep understanding of some Dao Intent.
But the difference in cultivation was hard to make up for.
Just as Yu Taibai said, Luo Zheng couldn't even fly. Did he plan on setting a record by stepping on the Sword Race's flying sword?
So they didn't place too much hope on Luo Zheng.
When Luo Yan carved her name at a height of 920 feet, Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and the others all let out a sigh of relief. They had originally thought that this was in the bag.
But now, their hopes were dashed!
Dongfang Gui used a set of scattered spirit gathering needles to easily surpass Luo Yan's record.
"What do we do?" Jian Leiting was impatient. He paced back and forth in front of the two.
Were they really going to let the Dongfang Family control the inheritance in the Dao Contest?
How would the Sword Race survive in the future ….
This scene would have a profound impact on the God Realm's situation and even its future.
They couldn't accept this result no matter what!
"I don't know what that Paramita Realm expert's inheritance is. They can't just let the Dongfang Family control Ruo Mu, right?" Jian Wuhen smiled bitterly. If that was the case, the Sword Race might be expelled from the Forbidden Lands ….
Yu Taibai's face stiffened. He stared at the green stone tablet and said, "There's still hope …. There's still a trace of hope!"
On the stone tablet, Luo Zheng stepped on his flying sword and started to climb up again.
The youth he guided all the way from the universe didn't give up.
Even if he was only a lower True God, even if he couldn't use his own ability to fly, he was still the seed left behind by his master.
He had already sprouted, sprouted, and grown into a strong sapling.
With a bit of irrigation, he would become a towering tree!
But Luo Zheng didn't have the chance to enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain. He lost the chance to irrigate!
But this brat was still growing like a wild beast. Perhaps he could really create a miracle?
"Brother, it's time to go up." Luo Yan looked up at Luo Zheng. "Come on, brother!"
The Sword Mastiff raised its head and watched Luo Zheng accelerate bit by bit. Its originally unsightly face faintly revealed a strong sense of expectation.
Sword Mastiffs were different from Yu Taibai and the others.
When he went to kill the Spirit Snake, he didn't use Insightful Eyes, so Yu Taibai didn't see the power of Luo Zheng's sword.
In the eyes of the sword mastiff, it was simply inconceivable that Luo Zheng's sword could even kill a Great Perfection expert.
Such an inconceivable fellow could only reach a height of seventy feet on the green stone tablet? Sword Mastiff wouldn't believe it even if it was beaten to death.
"In essence, this coercion is still formed by the will of Dao Struggle …" Standing on the flying sword, Luo Zheng's mind was as calm as still water.
Others thought that he had reached his limit after reaching 700 feet, which was why he had stopped moving forward.
In fact, Luo Zheng was trying to figure out the composition of this pressure!
"However, the True Meaning of Good and True Meaning of Evil are completely mixed together …"
"Now it seems that every True Meaning of Dao has its own use. I wonder what the True Meaning of Good and Evil is used for?"
The True Meaning of Dao wasn't a kind of magical ability, but some kind of great enlightenment in the chaos.
In other words, the True Meaning of Dao was more like a foundation …
After establishing a good foundation, one could form a boat of True Meaning and cross the boundless sea of True Meaning to reach the other shore.
The foundation forged by every True Meaning was different.
For example, Luo Zheng's True Meaning of Nature's Dao was to imitate nature and follow all laws of nature.
Therefore, the True Meaning of Nature's Dao was very easy to integrate into the various magical abilities and techniques that Luo Zheng cultivated.
However, the Holy Word Art True Meaning of Annihilation that Luo Yan cultivated was probably another kind of foundation.
The Holy Word Art True Meaning of Annihilation naturally couldn't be like the True Meaning of Nature's Dao, which could be easily integrated into other magical abilities. Presumably, one needed to cultivate a special magical ability to fully display the effects of the Holy Word Art True Meaning of Annihilation.
As for what kind of magical ability Luo Yan cultivated, that was unknown.
"Using Nature's Dao to climb …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He, who was originally ascending in a straight line, suddenly fluttered in a strange arc.
His entire body began to sway back and forth!
Although the True Meaning of Good and True Meaning of Evil blended together very closely, there were still small gaps between them.
This swaying back and forth actually coincided with the rhythm of the alternation of good and evil intentions!
"Luo Zheng, what's going on?"
"What an ugly movement …"
"It's like he's dancing!"
The True Gods below had strange expressions on their faces.
After all, Luo Zheng's swaying back and forth while stepping on the flying sword did indeed give people a very strange feeling.
Luo Yan blinked her eyes and pursed her lips slightly. A faint smile appeared on her face. "Brother, it seems like I've grasped some trick …"
"It's indeed much easier like this." Luo Zheng's face was also full of smiles.
Now, he was moving according to the rhythm of the alternating pressure that covered down, and the huge pressure was instantly reduced by more than half.
Originally, Luo Zheng was still at a height of 700 feet. Under this swaying, he unknowingly swayed to 800 feet, 850 feet …
Climbing to such a height already attracted the attention of many True Gods.
After all, he was only a lower True God. Even flying was relying on the flying sword magic treasure of the Sword Race.
This guy was simply …
The skeleton in the deep well stared at the scene on the cave wall.
"He adapted to the rhythm of One Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil so quickly?"
"As expected of her son …"
"It's been a long time, a long time since I've seen such a little guy. With such talent, I'm afraid he wouldn't be outdone even in the mother world …" The skeleton sighed in admiration. "However, relying on the rhythm alone, I'm afraid you won't be able to break through the shackles of 900 feet. You're just relying on the True Meaning of Nature's Dao."
It was just as the skeleton thought.
After reaching 850 feet, Luo Zheng's swaying back and forth became more and more intense, and his speed became faster and faster!
His entire body was like a shadow that was swaying back and forth …
"86 …"
"87 …"
"No, this speed is getting faster and faster!"
Luo Zheng used the True Meaning of Nature's Dao and forcibly swayed according to the rhythm of the pressure.
Although his physical body could bear it, the flying sword under his feet constantly vibrated.
"Crack, crack …"
Faint cracks actually appeared on the sword body.
If he continued to force his way up, the flying sword would probably shatter directly!
"Fight!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of fierceness.
At the same time …
Dongfang Gui, who had already surpassed Luo Yan, finally reached his limit.
940 feet!
However, just as he was about to use his sword to carve words, he saw Luo Zheng rapidly climbing up.

Chapter 2063
A height of 940 zhang was already more than 6 zhang above Luo Yan.
Even if Luo Yan tried again, it was almost impossible for him to surpass this limit. He was already very safe.
But he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would rush up in such a short time …
"Carve!"
Dongfang Gui reached out his hand and left the word "Gui" on the cyan stone tablet.
Then he flipped in the air and roared, "Attack!"
His hands turned into claws and pounced towards Luo Zheng from above!
Regardless of whether or not Luo Zheng could surpass the height of 900 zhang, he would definitely stop him.
Below the cyan stone tablet, the disciples of the Wealthy Alliance and the Sword Clan were originally facing each other. They were currently paying attention to Dongfang Gui and Luo Zheng.
The instant Dongfang Gui announced his attack …
Apart from the seven people who had pierced the phoenix head gold needles, the other True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance all chose to attack!
"You, get the hell down!"
Dongfang Gui had a sinister smile on his face as a destructive aura erupted from his body.
"Divine Dao of Destruction!"
"Sea Burying Sinking Star!"
Before climbing the cyan stone tablet, Dongfang Gui had already made various plans.
If Luo Zheng wasn't strong enough and couldn't climb higher, he naturally wouldn't pay attention to him …
But if this guy's height was a threat to him, he would definitely choose to attack!
Right now, Luo Zheng was also under the pressure of the True Dao Intent, and he, Dongfang Gui, had already carved his word. It could be said that he had the absolute advantage.
No matter how one looked at it, he was already in an invincible position!
"Big Brother, this is bad …"
Seeing the scene on the cyan stone tablet, Luo Yan's eyes slightly widened.
Jian Ao had already led the disciples of the Sword Clan to form a sword formation and was already fighting with the True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance. However, Luo Yan had no intention of participating in the battle …
At this moment, Dongfang Gui seemed to have transformed into a star and smashed towards Luo Zheng. His arrogant face was filled with a complacent smile.
Right now, Luo Zheng was under such powerful pressure and couldn't dodge. He simply didn't have the ability to resist!
Everything was developing in a direction that was advantageous to Dongfang Gui.
However, Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent. His pure eyes were full of calmness.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes, Dongfang Gui's heart slightly jumped.
That calm aura faintly contained a trace of contempt for Dongfang Gui.
He shouldn't be so calm …
Could it be that he had missed something?
Absolutely not!
However, just as Dongfang Gui approached Luo Zheng, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face, and he waved his right hand at the same time.
From the palm of his right hand, a small black snake appeared ….
Dongfang Gui was startled.
"Imperial Jade Seal!"
Dongfang Gui did not receive an invitation from the Sea of Time.
Or it could be said that he wasn't even on the floating island two years ago. Naturally, he wouldn't have been invited.
But when he came to the Battle of the Dao, he had heard about the Imperial Jade Seal. This treasure of faith, which had attracted a lot of attention, had ultimately fallen into the hands of Luo Zheng.
But along the way, he had never seen Luo Zheng use it. He had actually missed it!
Boom!
In the next instant, Dongfang Gui crashed into Luo Zheng with the force of a thousand catties.
"Hit?"
Dongfang Gui was delighted.
Luo Zheng didn't resist at all and was knocked down.
But this scene only lasted for a breath's time …
After a breath's time, the scene just now disappeared!
And he had already fallen from a height of 940 zhang to 850 zhang.
As for Luo Zheng, he had already rushed to a height of 900 zhang …
"No!"
Dongfang Gui flipped over and tried to squeeze out his own strength to spiral down again.
But he had already rushed down from the sky, and his speed was already extremely fast. Moreover, under the heavy pressure of the Battle of the Dao, how could it be easy to forcefully twist his body?
"Absolutely not!"
Dongfang Gui suddenly activated the dragon head silver needle in his chest.
The whirlpool in his body crazily swallowed the cultivation of the other seven people …
Puff!
Puff!
Puff …
Under the cyan stone tablet, the faces of Mu Xian and the other upper True Gods darkened, and they all spat out blood.
"Dongfang Gui, you …"
Mu Xian clenched his teeth and fell to the ground.
The other True Gods were the same …
Under Dongfang Gui's extraction, they simply couldn't withstand it.
But he really did stop his body at a height of 84 zhang.
But he only stopped for a moment. Mu Xian and the others had fainted, and he had lost the support of the scattered spirit gathering needles, so he simply couldn't maintain this height.
Dongfang Gui looked at Luo Zheng above, his eyes full of despair, and he couldn't help but fall down.
"Brother, he actually …"
Luo Yan's face was full of surprise.
In her line of sight, Dongfang Gui had already smashed into her brother.
But the scene in front of her suddenly flashed, and her brother mysteriously passed by Dongfang Gui. This miraculous and strange scene was hard for Luo Yan to understand.
"Numinous Firmament Sword Formation, Heavenly Soul Guard Sword!"
Zeng zeng zeng …
This Numinous Firmament Sword Formation was an extremely powerful sword formation. Under this display, it forcibly blocked the attacks of the True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance.
"Since it's like this," Luo Yan's purple eyes suddenly flashed, and she had already joined the battle.
When Luo Zheng and Dongfang Gui clashed, Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and Jian Leiting all held their breaths.
The three of them hadn't been so worried in countless years …
When they felt the fluctuations of time in this world, their hearts skipped a beat.
The three of their complexions instantly turned for the better!
"Wonderful!" Jian Wuhen praised.
"That's right … that imperial jade seal is in Luo Zheng's hands! This old man is old, and actually forgot about this, hahaha … "Jian Leiting laughed heartily.
Yu Taibai deeply sighed, "Let's see if Luo Zheng can surpass Dongfang Gui!"
"910 zhang!"
Luo Zheng was currently sprinting with all his might.
He only needed to surpass Dongfang Gui, even if it was just a foot or an inch!
But at this time, the flying sword beneath his feet once again emitted cracking sounds.
"It's finally breaking!"
The flying sword was already covered in cracks, and it was likely that it would immediately shatter.
"Power …"
At this time, Luo Zheng could only choose to stake it all on this one throw.
Boom!
After the power source exploded, it fiercely slammed into the flying sword.
Sou!
Luo Zheng's entire body shot upwards!
940 zhang …
950 zhang …
960 zhang …
"Now is the time!"
Luo Zheng's gaze focused, and an invisible flying sword appeared in front of him.
The flying sword continuously drew on the green tombstone, and a huge "Zheng" character was left on the tombstone!
Sou!
Immediately, Luo Zheng's body floated, and he directly fell downwards.
When Dongfang Gui saw the "Zheng" character carved out, his heart was bleeding …
The two of them stared at each other, and Dongfang Gui's face flashed with a trace of malevolence.

Chapter 2064
Looking at Dongfang Gui's angry eyes, how could Luo Zheng not understand?
At the same time, Luo Zheng's lips curled into a sneer. The Four God-Slaying Swords were instantly formed.
In the two years of cultivation, he spent most of his time on comprehending and using the true meaning of dao.
The true meaning of dao was completely different from other true meanings of dao.
This true meaning of dao could be combined with almost any divine ability!
Naturally, this included the God Slaying Sword Formation!
The four formless swords floated out and danced casually. The four swords intersected and stabbed down at Dongfang Gui.
This usage already deviated from Aunt Hanjiu's God Slaying Sword Formation.
But Aunt Hanjiu also felt that the God Slaying Sword Formation, which incorporated the true meaning of dao, was stronger and had fewer flaws.
After realizing this, Aunt Hanjiu also focused on unearthing the potential of the God Slaying Sword Formation.
According to her, perhaps she could create a sword formation with more variations.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
The four swords attacked together …
Dongfang Gui also pulled out a broadsword.
However, as soon as that broad-bladed longsword was raised, the Buddha Emperor's Sword in the lead had already struck.
"Clang!"
The Buddha Emperor's Sword accurately hit the broadsword.
Although Dongfang Gui was an upper true god, he was still unable to resist the Buddha Emperor's Sword. The broadsword in his hand almost flew out.
He staggered and wanted to retreat, but he suddenly felt his lower body being bound!
"Long Vine Sword!"
After the four swords contained the true meaning of dao, they were silent and coordinated seamlessly. It was as if everything happened naturally.
This was the terrifying aspect of the Dao of Nature. It allowed everything to become natural and harmonious, without the slightest abruptness.
Any move displayed at any time would make people feel that it was accidental, but also absolutely inevitable!
"Heavenly Fang Sword!"
"Pu!"
The Heavenly Fang Sword swept through the air, and a terrible wound appeared on Dongfang Gui's neck.
Fortunately, Dongfang Gui suddenly leaned back at the critical moment. Otherwise, his head would have been separated from his body.
After being hit repeatedly, Dongfang Gui gritted his teeth and broke free from the Long Vine Sword's restraint. He flew back …
In this round of confrontation, Dongfang Gui suffered quite a bit.
"Do you really think you're my match?"
After Dongfang Gui stood still, a trace of arrogance blossomed on his face.
All the hesitation and forbearance from before had disappeared without a trace from his face.
Since he had already decided to stake it all on one throw, Dongfang Gui naturally had no misgivings.
"Ka ka ka …"
He cut a wound on his wrist.
Dark red blood spurted out from the wound!
The blood continued to gather in the air, quickly condensing into a long and narrow sword blade.
"Blood sword?" Luo Zheng's face was calm, but his eyes flashed.
The entire sword was made from Dongfang Gui's blood.
This method seemed mysterious, but it wasn't necessarily powerful …
"Blood Extinguishing Curse Sword!"
Blood-colored halos spread out from the blood sword.
The blood sword continued to burn, and at the same time, it emitted a strong aura.
Blood Extinguishing Curse Sword …
Burning one's own blood essence and cursing oneself as the price, its might was naturally extremely terrifying. However, at the same time, it couldn't be maintained for long and would bring about great damage to oneself.
"Hmph," Luo Zheng snorted lightly.
The four swords circled in a circle, then once again flew towards Dongfang Gui in an erratic manner.
Dongfang Gui's long sword gently stirred …
A thick smell of blood assailed the nostrils.
"Hua hua hua hua!"
The four God Slaying Swords only lightly touched the blood sword, then naturally dissipated.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
This Dongfang Gui was stronger than he had imagined.
However, this kind of strength wasn't true strength.
From the beginning, Dongfang Gui's methods were exchanged with a huge price.
For example, climbing to a height of 920 zhang was something that Dongfang Gui couldn't accomplish with his own strength.
However, by relying on the scattered Spirit Gathering Needles, he managed to do it. The price was that Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the other True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance lost their ability to fight and were now lying motionless on the ground.
Under the crazy burning of the blood sword in front of him …
Luo Zheng cracked open his mouth and smiled at Dongfang Gui. "This burning of blood essence is a bit fierce …"
"Don't worry, before my blood essence burns out, I will definitely kill you!" After saying this, Dongfang Gui charged fiercely at Luo Zheng.
At this time, Luo Zheng simply didn't need to confront him head-on.
Seeing Dongfang Gui charge over, Luo Zheng lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and hurriedly retreated.
"Coward!"
Dongfang Gui wasn't afraid of Luo Zheng risking his life, but he was afraid that Luo Zheng would really run away without a fight.
Just as Luo Zheng said, the Blood Extinguishing Sword Curse was indeed powerful. As long as a living being was cut by the blood sword, it would naturally dissipate, no matter how strong the opponent's physical body was!
Because this blood sword was essentially an extremely powerful "curse."
Even if Luo Zheng's four God Slaying Swords weren't living beings, after being cut by the blood sword, they would still dissipate.
"Coward? If you don't retreat when you should retreat, then you're just a brute, right? "Luo Zheng responded indifferently.
He wasn't a three-year-old child. Dongfang Gui still hoped to use words to infuriate him. It was too childish.
As he advanced and retreated, Luo Zheng once again condensed four long swords, unceasingly obstructing Dongfang Gui's pursuit. If a sword was dissipated by Dongfang Gui's slash, Luo Zheng's mind stirred, and he quickly condensed it again.
An endless stream of long swords were condensed by Luo Zheng, unceasingly circling Dongfang Gui. The distance between the two was unable to close.
On the other side …
If Dongfang Gui had led the Wealthy Clan Alliance to attack from the beginning, the odds of victory were actually not small.
After all, Mu Xian and the others weren't much weaker than Dongfang Gui.
And on the Sword Race's side, the only truly powerful people were Jian Ao and Luo Yan.
However, Mu Xian and the other top figures of the Wealthy Clan Alliance were all sucked dry by Dongfang Gui's scattered Spirit Gathering Needles, so their battle strength naturally decreased greatly.
After Jian Ao filled in the Numinous Cloud Sword Formation, the Sword Race disciples coordinated seamlessly with each other and actually gained the advantage!
Of course, Luo Yan's attack was also very crucial!
Although Luo Yan wouldn't directly confront those Wealthy Clan disciples, with her divine ability, it would be fine if she didn't attack. Once she attacked, she would definitely take a life.
And all she needed to do was to utter the word "destroy".
After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn …
Luo Zheng was already retreating with a calm and composed appearance.
But Dongfang Gui's complexion was already very bad, and the red flames burning on the blood sword in his hand were becoming dimmer and dimmer.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, the method of constantly burning blood essence couldn't be maintained for long.
Dongfang Gui, who was getting weaker and weaker, finally stopped. Leaning on the blood sword, he unceasingly gasped for breath. Looking at Luo Zheng not far away, he finally despaired …
Luo Zheng still used that indifferent expression to look at Dongfang Gui, "Give up. For the Dongfang Family, you've already done enough."
"Give up …" Dongfang Gui was in despair, but he also felt regretful.
The original result shouldn't have been like this …
Before leaving, Dongfang Gui had heard Mu Xuerong mention this.
It would probably be very difficult for them to kill Luo Zheng.
At that time, Dongfang Gui didn't understand, but now he seemed to understand …
At this moment, the sound of huge footsteps suddenly came from afar, and a huge silhouette appeared in the fog.

Chapter 2065
"Dong …"
"Dong …"
Loud footsteps could be heard from the mist.
That heavy sound was announcing the approach of a huge monster.
After everyone discovered the green stone tablet, they became excited and lowered their vigilance.
After all, obtaining the inheritance of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse was the most important thing. Everything else was inconsequential.
Both Sword Mastiff and Dongfang Gui thought so.
The True Gods who were in the midst of battle stopped when they heard the loud footsteps. They raised their heads and looked at the mist in the distance.
"Hahahaha … hahaha …" Dongfang Gui laughed wildly. "It's finally here! It's finally here! "
Luo Zheng turned to look at the huge figure in the mist and asked with a gloomy face, "What do you mean?"
"It's a demon, a Great Demon from the Abyss." Dongfang Gui's eyes were filled with madness. "I don't need to give up. Haha, I'm just waiting for destruction. Me, you, all of you … will die!"
"This demon is your fear incarnation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." Dongfang Gui roared. "So from the moment I entered the Land of Struggle of Dao, all of you were destined to fail! Destined to die! "
Dongfang Gui did not retreat or dodge. He actually charged toward the huge figure in the mist …
"Why, why did a demon appear?"
"Based on Dongfang Gui's tone, he already expected this when he entered the Land of Struggle of Dao!"
"In other words, he knows what he's afraid of. This demon is the fear incarnation he summoned!"
After some of the Wealthy Clan disciples deduced the truth, their faces turned pale. They stared at Dongfang Gui in the distance and gritted their teeth.
"If you want to die, why drag us down with you!"
"This Dongfang Gui is too much!"
"That's a demon from the Abyss. Some Great Demons are comparable to Saints!"
They had the ability to fight against the powerful fear incarnations like the Spirit Snake and the Hundred-Touch Sky Snake.
But facing a real demon, they had no right to fight!
Mu Xian and the others who had just woken up were still sitting cross-legged on the ground. Under the crazy extraction of the scattered Spirit Gathering Needles, Mu Xian and the others had already suffered serious internal injuries.
Even the world in their bodies had been messed up.
Hearing Dongfang Gui's words, they almost fainted from anger.
"The Dongfang Family is too much!"
"In other words, we are destined to die the moment we enter the Battle of Dao!"
"I can't accept being sacrificed as cannon fodder!"
Mu Xian and the others were also elites of the rich and powerful families, peak existences among upper True Gods. They also believed that they were the pillars of the rich and powerful families, and their futures were limitless.
To be buried with Dong Fang Gui like this was not worth it!
The disciples of the Sword Tribe also put down their swords …
The Sword Mastiff's sharp eyes pierced through the layers of mist and stared at the huge silhouette.
"Haha, the Dongfang family is so ruthless." Mo Nan laughed bitterly.
"Sacrificing Dong Fang Gui and the others to prevent us from obtaining the inheritance of the Land of Dao Struggle, is this worth it …" The Sword Mastiff muttered.
Judging from Jian Wuhen's attitude, the Sword Tribe and the Luo Family both attached great importance to this Dao Battle.
The Sword Mastiff also knew that there had to be a reason. However, after seeing the Dongfang Family's arrangement, he finally understood that this Dao Battle was more important than he had imagined.
Luo Yan looked indifferently into the distance and asked, "After leaving your name on this green stone tablet, you can obtain the inheritance … Now that everyone's name has been carved, and Big Brother's name is at the top, why is there no sign of it?"
She thought …
If Luo Zheng obtained the right to obtain the inheritance, he could leave this place directly and perhaps save his life.
However, this Dao Stele was completely bare, and there were no mechanisms or arrays.
Luo Yan's words reminded the Sword Mastiff of something.
The reason they had found this place was because Luo Zheng had suggested a change in direction. After that, the mist in this area disappeared, and a guiding path appeared, and they finally found this green stone tablet.
They had already followed the instructions on the stone tablet, so why was there no sign of the inheritance being activated?
However, it was too late to ponder this question now …
The footsteps were getting closer and closer, and the soft ground began to shake.
"Quick! Demon Tue! Kill us, hahahaha, kill us! "
Dongfang Gui roared as he ran.
Soon …
The figure shrouded in the mist gradually became clear.
Tue's huge figure appeared in everyone's vision.
Star Scale, who had transformed into lightning, appeared together with Tue. He floated below Tue and looked at the group of True Gods with a cold smile on his face.
"You …"
Tue looked down at Dongfang Gui.
He felt that Dongfang Gui looked familiar, but the demon's thoughts were too complicated, and it was very difficult to recall someone from the past.
"I remember now … I have seen you before," Tue said indifferently. "Among the hunters in the Abyss of Demons, you were the weakest."
"Yes, you have seen me before. I created you, and you are my fear incarnation!" Dongfang Gui laughed loudly.
Tue bent one of his legs slightly and stretched out his huge hand. "You are just an ant. The one who created me was not you."
After saying that, he flicked his huge middle finger toward Dongfang Gui.
"Bang!"
It was accompanied by a muffled sound.
Dongfang Gui seemed to have been struck by lightning and was instantly sent flying like a kite with a broken string. After flying for thousands of feet, he smashed a huge hole in the ground. Dongfang Gui lay in the hole, and it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
Tue knew that his existence was related to these people.
However, he also knew that it was impossible for these True Gods to have created him.
"So strong …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
Such strength was already comparable to a Quasi-sage or even a Sage.
"Master, it is this interesting fellow who can actually destroy my body of lightning!"
After Tu 'e sent the crazed Eastern Phantom flying, Xing Lin noticed Luo Zheng who was not too far away.
Tue's huge eyes stared at him. Luo Zheng suddenly felt that he was enveloped by an invisible pressure, and the surrounding air became sticky!
"Interesting fellow? Ha … "
As soon as he finished speaking, Tue's huge foot stepped toward Luo Zheng's head.
Tue's body seemed huge, and his speed seemed slow, but his absolute speed was extremely fast!
"Eight-Turn Flying Smoke!"
Luo Zheng was shocked and used his movement technique to retreat rapidly!
The Eight-Turn Flying Smoke, which was infused with the true meaning of nature, was a magical ability that was reborn.
Tue's huge foot stepped down, forming an extremely strong wind pressure, and Luo Zheng used the wind pressure to float, and his speed was even faster!
"Dong!"

Chapter 2066
"Hmm?"
Tu 'e glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng, who was drifting away like a falling leaf. His face was also filled with surprise. "What a marvelous movement technique. To be able to utilize force to such an extent. Interesting …"
In terms of movement techniques alone, Eight Winding Smoke was nothing much in the divine territory.
After all, Eight Winding Smoke was not a divine ability derived from the Divine Dao.
However, after incorporating the True Meaning of Dao, the situation was naturally very different. Tu 'e was naturally very surprised.
After all, in his eyes, this group of upper-level True Gods were insignificant ants. Yet, one of these ants had actually escaped from under his feet!
"Ha!"
Tu 'e laughed indifferently.
His huge body leaped up …
When he leaped up, it was as if he was leaping over a mountain range. Then, he suddenly smashed toward Luo Zheng!
Even though Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, he could not escape from Tu 'e's range!
Looking at the huge monster above his head, Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. He could only use Eight Winding Smoke again …
"Boom!"
That mountain-like body stomped down, and the entire Land of Dao Struggle shook once again.
Even the bottom of Ruo Mu's body trembled slightly …
This devil's body came down with great momentum. Gusts of hurricanes swept across, stirring up the mist into a mess.
Luo Zheng was like a light mosquito, flying wildly along with the hurricanes.
Seeing that Tu 'e was not going all out, he was almost toying with Luo Zheng. He was determined to catch Luo Zheng with his bare hands!
Luo Yan looked at his brother, who was in imminent danger. Almost without hesitation, he flew up in a spiral and shot toward Luo Zheng.
"Run!"
"No one is its match …"
"We should have left the Land of Dao Struggle long ago!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
All the upper-level True Gods present were pale. Regardless of whether they were descendants of wealthy families or grassroots True Gods, they all fled in panic.
The True Gods of the Grand Alliance harbored resentment toward the Dongfang family. How could they still be willing to risk their lives? It also dissipated in an instant.
"What should we do?"
Mo Nan looked at Luo Zheng, who was in imminent danger, and his face was full of anxiety.
The descendants of the wealthy families had left …
Even the grassroots true gods had fled …
Now, only the Sword Race disciple, Luo Yan, and Soybean Eye were left.
In addition to these people, there was also Nan Longhua who surprised everyone.
This Nan Long Hua had been very timid all this time, but she hadn't run away yet!
"Let's … leave as well," said one of the Sword Race disciples in a low voice.
"That's right, this is a true devil!" Another Sword Race disciple echoed.
It would be a lie to say that they were not afraid. After becoming a True God, everyone cherished their lives.
Jian Ao glanced around indifferently when he heard this, and then he said, "As disciples of the Sword Clan, all of you should know the meaning of the Calamity Sword better than I do!"
Calamity Sword …
It was considered a forbidden artifact in the Sword Race.
Although this sword was extremely rare and powerful, no disciple of the Sword Tribe was willing to possess it.
The price he had to pay for using this sword was his life!
Once a member of the Sword Race wore this sword, they would become the Sword Race's sacrificial warriors!
"In the countless god epochs of the Sword Race, only one kind of person has received the Calamity Sword, and that is the dead!" Jian Ao said indifferently, "Now, Luo Zheng has carved his name on the top of the stone tablet. Everyone … are you planning to return with the Calamity Sword just like this?"
Compared to the other wealthy families and large races, the Sword Race's rules were not strict.
The restrictions on the disciples of the Sword Race were not strong.
Hence, even if they returned with the Calamity Sword, they wouldn't be heavily punished. They might not even be punished at all.
However, the Sword Race was a race that placed great importance on reputation. Some of the Sword Race disciples would rather die than bear a bad reputation!
When Jian Ao said this, the expressions of the Sword Race disciples changed slightly.
"Those who want to leave can leave now," Jian Ao said indifferently.
The Sword Race disciples were silent. None of them moved.
"Since that's the case," Jian Ao waved his hand, and a crimson blood sword was pulled out with a "zeng" sound, "do you all dare to follow me?"
This Calamity Sword was somewhat similar to the Blood Extinguishing Curse Sword that Dong Fang Gui formed with his blood essence.
However, the Blood Extinguishing Curse Sword was formed with one's blood essence. Although it would harm one's body, it would stop burning one's blood essence to a limit. It wouldn't take one's life.
However, the Calamity Sword was different. Using the Calamity Sword was equivalent to sacrificing oneself and becoming a sacrifice to the Calamity Sword!
"Zeng, zeng, zeng, zeng …"
Under Jian Ao's lead, Mo Nan and the other Sword Race disciples pulled out their Calamity Swords.
Sword Mastiff looked at the evil longsword in his hand, and a trace of loneliness appeared in his eyes. After making a decision, the Calamity Sword began to cry.
"Ya, ya …"
At this moment, the Calamity Sword let out a miserable cry like an infant. It was extremely horrifying.
A flush appeared on the Sword Mastiff's fair and delicate face. Strands of strange blood-colored patterns crawled all over his skin, and his eyes flowed with an evil aura.
It wasn't just him. Mo Nan and the other Sword Race disciples were the same …
"Form the Ling Xiao Sword Formation! Soul Extinguishing Sword! Go! "
"Sou!"
As Jian Ao spoke, he was the first to charge forward.
The other Sword Race disciples were not to be outdone. They quickly flew forward in an orderly formation.
Below the stone tablet, only Soybean Eye and Nan Longhua were left.
Yellow Bean Eyes faintly looked into the distance. Then, he took out a small square package from his spatial ring. From the package, he took out two simple double-edged swords. At the same time, he asked Nan Longhua, "Why didn't you leave?"
All of the True Gods scattered, but Nan Longhua was still there. This made Soybean Eye very surprised.
Nan Longhua's face was pale. She was clearly extremely afraid. However, she still said in a low voice, "There's more than one demon in this Dao Battle. If we rashly run away, we'll die."
Soybean Eye held a double-edged sword and smiled, "If we stay here, we'll also die."
Nan Longhua shook her head, "Not necessarily …"
That demon was extremely terrifying. Nan Longhua had heard all sorts of incredible rumors about the Abyss Demon Realm.
However, Nan Longhua had a premonition that perhaps staying here wasn't as bad as she thought.
"I don't think so either!"
Soybean Eye smiled faintly and then floated away. There wasn't a trace of fear on his face!
"Let's see how you run this time!"
Axel Thue's coarse voice roared from his throat.
After so long, he hadn't even touched the corner of Luo Zheng's clothes. He had finally lost his patience.
Blood-red lightning shot out from his hand. The lightning formed a vortex that completely trapped Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had nowhere to run. He saw Axel Thue's giant hand grabbing towards him!
"This is troublesome …"
Looking at the giant hand, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He had nowhere to run. He could only take this attack head-on!
However, at this moment, a dazzling purple light suddenly flashed behind Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2067
After the purple shadow enveloped her, it began to rapidly expand.
Luo Yan placed her hands in front of her chest and softly chanted …..
The purple shadow expanded, and expanded again.
Ten zhang, three hundred zhang, three thousand zhang …..
In the blink of an eye, the shadow had turned into a huge monster.
This huge monster had the exquisite figure of a woman, but it didn't have arms at the end of its hands, but two slender whips.
Its head was like an eagle's, with a sharp eagle-shaped beak.
As for Luo Yan, she was completely embedded in the center of the shadow!
"What, what is this thing ….."
Nan Longhua was dumbstruck as she looked at the purple shadow that had turned into a huge monster.
At least in the Realm of the Gods, Nan Longhua had never heard of such a strange thing!
After entering Buzhou Spiritual Mountain, Yu Taibai had once told Luo Yan.
There was a powerful monster hidden in her heart.
This monster would slowly lose her mind, devour her, and eventually replace her …..
Luo Yan didn't understand.
She had never realized the existence of this monster.
Yu Taibai had told her that this was the innate ability of their race.
Every member of her race had to face the monster in their heart from birth.
If they could control this monster, they would have much more power than other races. If they couldn't control it, they would die prematurely.
In the lower realm, Luo Yan had never realized it.
When she heard Yu Taibai's words, she thought it was a fantasy.
Later, when Yu Taibai used a secret technique to awaken the monster in her heart, she realized the existence of this monster, and understood her own uniqueness.
Luo Yan's first worry wasn't for herself, but for her brother.
Until Yu Taibai told her that although they had the same father and mother, they didn't belong to the same race.
So Luo Zheng didn't have this problem. Only then did Luo Yan relax.
Under Yu Taibai's guidance, Luo Yan constantly struggled with this monster.
For a period of time, she was in a disadvantageous position, and relied on Yu Taibai's help to survive.
At present, although Luo Yan had the upper hand, she still couldn't control this monster. If she rashly released the monster in her heart, it might cause a backlash …..
But now that her brother was in danger, how could Luo Yan still have the slightest bit of rationality left?
She almost didn't hesitate to release it!
"Nonsense!"
"Boom!"
When Yu Taibai saw this, he punched a beam on the side of the pavilion, and the entire pavilion shook.
"The shadow enveloping that child, is the legendary Wah?"
"This is my first time seeing it ….."
Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting Jian were shocked.
People of the Realm, of course, of the Primal chaos world, of course.
Of the Sanskrit, of the Sanskrit, of's, of Sanskrit.
Sanskrit, Sanof's Sanskrit, Of the of the world ….
. of Luo Of the Heavens, of of the Luo, of Luo.
"Yes, she is not qualified to use Wahwa's Shadow now. Releasing Wahwa's Shadow from her mental state is no different from seeking death! The consequences will be unthinkable if it causes a backlash ….. "Yu Taibai was both worried and helpless.
Originally, Yu Taibai was overjoyed that Luo Zheng had surpassed Dongfang Gui and left her name on the green stone tablet.
This way, Luo Zheng was almost certain to obtain the inheritance of the Dao Battle.
He didn't expect a demon to appear out of nowhere.
Seeing Dongfang Gui's crazy appearance, Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and Jian Leiting instantly understood the Dongfang family's secret plan.
Jian Wuhen was also filled with regret.
If they had known this would happen, they would have been more thick-skinned in this Dao Battle and not given a single spot to the Wealthy Alliance.
However, the Sword tribe hadn't completely fallen out with the Wealthy Alliance yet, so it wouldn't be good to directly reject them. Therefore, Jian Wuhen only reduced the Wealthy Alliance's quota by half.
They never expected the Dongfang family to have such a plan and release a demon in the Dao Battle …..
When this demon appeared, all hope turned into nothingness.
"Against this demon, even if you don't fight with your life, you'll still die. Luo Yan did the right thing," Jian Wuhen said calmly.
Rather than slacking off and running away, it was better to fight with all your might.
This applied to animals, mortals, and even gods couldn't escape …..
After all, the so-called gods, Paragons, Quasi-Sages, and Sages only obtained eternal lifespans. They weren't truly omniscient and omnipotent.
They were the same as ordinary mortals, abiding by the law of the jungle. They still had endless desires, and they still fought for justice and profit!
Luo Yan's eyes were completely filled with purple light. Her eyes narrowed, and she suddenly waved her hands.
The huge illusory figure did the same, waving its arms.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
However, the illusory figure's hands were two sharp whips!
The two whips danced and fiercely lashed out, creating a large black crack in the air …..
Even the space of the Divine Domain couldn't withstand the two whips' dancing. It could be seen how terrifying the power contained in this attack was.
Tu 'e didn't care about any true gods.
After all, in the Divine Realm and Demon Realm, he couldn't be bothered to kill such upper true gods.
Once, there was an Abyss Devil Envoy who used the Gate of Devil to summon Tu 'e to the first level of the Abyss Demon Realm.
That was a huge trial organized by the Grand Alliance …..
Although the Abyss Demon Realm was terrifying, the demons on the first level weren't that strong. To the disciples of the Grand Alliance, not only could they train themselves, but they could also accumulate Shenwu Coins.
Therefore, many rich and powerful families would send their children there every once in a while after sufficient preparation.
However, they didn't expect to encounter Tu 'e on the first level.
Tu 'e's arrival was like a demon to the disciples of the Grand Alliance.
In less than ten breaths, Tu 'e had killed more than five hundred true gods. Among them, there were seventy-six upper true gods and four hundred and seventy middle true gods …..
Because of Tu 'e's attack, the Grand Alliance was more cautious about the trials in the Abyss Demon Realm. Large-scale trials required Paragons and Quasi-Sages to go together.
In Tu 'e's eyes, these true gods weren't worth his time.
However, he first encountered Luo Zheng. This fellow's movement technique contained a very special aura that he couldn't capture. He had to use all his strength to restrain him.
Just as he was sighing in admiration at this strange little fellow, another upper true deity suddenly appeared, and a strange phantom image suddenly appeared.
The strength of this phantom's aura was far beyond Tu 'e's expectations.
"The little fellows in the Divine Realm have already become so powerful?"
Seeing the two whips lashing over with great power, Tu 'e had no choice but to stretch out his hands. He crossed them on both sides and was about to pinch the two whips in his hands.
"Humph!"
Seeing this, Luo Yan snorted coldly.
Whoosh ….
The moment Tu 'e grabbed the two whips, his expression changed drastically.

Chapter 2068
In the Abyss Devil Domain, they had absorbed countless evil thoughts from the God Realm, causing their bodies to be extremely strong. This was also a characteristic of the Evil Demon Clan.
From another perspective, the Demon Clan was the evilest and most perfect creature imaginable by all the living beings in the Divine Realm.
Countless God Eras had constantly enriched the image of the Evil Demon, and also strengthened their bodies, bones, and flesh.
It had even turned them into extremely evil living beings.
Their clan represented fear and destruction. After all, the "power of faith" in the God Realm was not transformed into "potential" for someone to absorb. Instead, it flowed endlessly into the various forbidden lands.
And the Abyss Devil Domain absorbed all the negative power of faith …
But such a powerful existence was actually unable to resist the phantom summoned by an upper True God!
Luo Zheng was trapped in the blood-red lightning, and his eyes widened when he saw this scene.
He suddenly understood what Luo Yan had said to Xing Lin. She had said that if they were careful, they would not be afraid even if it was a Paragon.
If Xing Lin had enough time to appear, Luo Yan would probably not be afraid!
Jian Ao and the others had activated the Calamity Sword, and their blood boiled when they saw this scene!
To be honest, even if they used the Calamity Sword, the twelve members of the Sword Clan were probably not Tu 'e's match.
Jian Ao and the others knew that their actions were no different from sending themselves to their deaths.
But under such circumstances, they had no choice but to do so …
But before they could charge forward, they saw Luo Yan use such a technique. Naturally, they were shocked.
Aside from being shocked, Jian Ao's face was also filled with joy!
Although he did not know what method Luo Yan had used, perhaps they could really create a miracle and kill this Evil Demon?
Perhaps such a thing was impossible, but Luo Yan's technique gave the members of the Sword Clan a glimmer of hope!
"Soul Extinguishing Sword! Kill! "
Jian Ao stood at the very front.
The members of the Sword Clan stood side by side, their sharp Calamity Swords pointed forward.
Every member of the Sword Clan had a resolute expression on their faces, and there was no hesitation or fear.
Streaks of crimson light linked them together.
The Soul Extinguishing Sword of the Numinous Sword Formation was the fiercest killing move. Facing a powerful Evil Demon like Tu 'e, Jian Ao did not hesitate at all.
Just as Tu 'e's hands were injured and his bones were exposed.
The sword formation formed by the twelve of them had already transformed into a gigantic sword shadow!
The red light emitted by the Disaster Sword contained an unstoppable might. They had gambled everything they had on this.
Swish!
"Pu!"
The group of twelve actually passed right through Tu 'e's massive body!
The huge sword shadow pierced through Tu 'e's abdomen and tore open a wound that was ten feet wide.
"Dong dong dong …"
Tue's huge body took a few steps back.
Luo Yan manipulated the huge shadow, brandishing the two slender whips and lashing out again.
With every lash of the whip, Tu 'e's flesh was reduced to a bloody pulp. Soon, Tu' e's body was covered in wounds!
"Pa pa pa …"
Dongfang Gui fainted in the pit.
The moment he woke up, a series of explosions sounded in his ears.
"That Evil Demon Tu 'e should have already killed all of them, right?"
The first thing Dongfang Gui did after regaining consciousness was to stand up shakily. Tu 'e's light flick just now had already caused him to be seriously injured and almost lose the ability to fight.
After using all his strength to climb out of the pit, Dongfang Gui saw a huge shadow of a sword piercing through Tu 'e's back …
Jian Ao took the lead and manipulated the Numinous Sword Formation to tear open a second wound on Tu 'e's body!
"This …"
Dongfang Gui was stunned. He almost could not believe his eyes.
He saw Luo Yan floating in mid-air. She seemed to be manipulating a huge, strange shadow that was constantly inflicting injuries on Tu 'e.
This scene was completely different from what he had imagined.
In the Abyss Demon Territory, the insufferably arrogant Tu 'e was not even able to keep him alive under the siege of three Dongfang Family Quasi-sages. In the end, he let him escape.
Such a powerful monster could not even withstand a single blow from Luo Yan, Jian Ao, and the rest?
How could this be!
How could this be?
At this moment, Dongfang Gui's state of mind was also violently shaken.
All of his meaning was in this demon.
If even this demon could not stop the Luo siblings, then all his efforts would be a joke …
…
In fact, even Tu 'e himself was also inexplicably shocked.
However, although Luo Yan, Jian Ao, and the rest's attacks were swift and fierce, they did not hurt Tu 'e at all.
The demon's recovery ability was terrifyingly powerful.
After being repeatedly injured, Tu 'e's eyes flashed red, and he laughed sinisterly.
"Very good … You have successfully angered me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his originally cumbersome body suddenly became nimble.
Tu 'e tilted his body and suddenly crashed toward Luo Yan!
"Boom!"
Under this collision, the gigantic shadow controlled by Luo Yan retreated a few steps.
At this moment, Jian Ao once again transformed into a gigantic sword shadow and shot toward him!
"Scram!"
Tu 'e turned around and smashed his huge fist directly toward the sword shadow!
The flesh and blood in his hands had already been crushed by Luo Yan's whip, and the fist that smashed down was only made of red demon bones.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud explosion.
The surface of the sword shadow suddenly emitted a soft ripple.
The disciples of the Sword Tribe who were in the sword formation suffered a huge blow at the same time.
"Pfft, pfft, pfft …"
Including Jian Ao, the twelve of them spat out a mouthful of blood at the same time.
Although this force was distributed among the twelve of them, they still could not bear it!
When Tu 'e saw that this punch did not destroy the sword formation, he waved his fist again.
If this punch hit the sword formation, the Ling Xiao Sword Formation would definitely shatter into pieces, and the people who formed the formation would also be directly killed!
Seeing this scene …
Dongfang Gui became excited.
"This is, this is the strength that a demon should have. No … Actually, you are far more powerful than this!" Dongfang Gui laughed.
Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting, who were in the Sword Transformation Divine City, simultaneously closed their eyes at this moment.
The twelve people who participated in the Dao battle were carefully selected.
Especially Jian Ao.
As an upper-level True God who was given the surname "Jian", he was an outstanding existence in the Sword Tribe.
After all, in the Sword Tribe, only Great Perfection True Gods were qualified to have Jian as their surname!
Although the two Sages knew that they would definitely die after using Calamity Sword, they still could not bear to see their own disciples die tragically.
Just as that punch was about to land!
As soon as he finished speaking, a majestic aura rose abruptly.
Almost in the blink of an eye, from where the aura rose, a blazing sword light shot out.
This sword light seemed to be able to split the heavens and the earth, and in the vast Divine Territory, almost nothing could block it.
"Phew …"
Like a light breeze, it swept past.
Tu 'e felt his right shoulder lighten.
"Boom!"

Chapter 2069
Luo Zheng stood not far away, holding a light green longsword tightly. His eyes were emotionless as he looked at Tu 'e, gasping for breath.
That longsword was only an ordinary primordial treasure. It could not withstand the power of the Dao-infused sword …
By the time he slashed out this sword light, the longsword was already riddled with holes.
Earlier, when Tu 'e was attacked by Luo Yan and the disciples of the Sword Tribe, the lightning cage that bound Luo Zheng had dissipated, and Luo Zheng had regained his freedom.
Luo Zheng could not use this Dao-infused sword continuously.
When he was facing Xing Lin earlier, in order to save Luo Yan, Luo Zheng did not hesitate to slash out twice!
Whether it was his godhead or his physical body, they were all squeezed to the limit …
Now, he had only rested for a few hours. It was far from being recovered.
After slashing out this sword again, Luo Zheng felt his legs trembling continuously.
He was like the longsword in his hand that was full of holes …
The power of the Dao-infused sword was too strong. Even if it was merged with the True Meaning of Dao, this kind of power could still destroy the meridians all over his body.
"It's this sword. It's this sword …"
Xing Lin had already hidden far away, looking at Luo Zheng in the distance.
Previously, he was injured by Luo Zheng's sword!
Previously, Xing Lin did not help Tu 'e because this sword had too much of an impact on him. Moreover, he submitted to Tu' e only because of Tu 'e's strength.
If this group of upper-level True Gods could really create a miracle and kill Tu 'e, Xing Lin would be happy to reap the benefits.
Therefore, when the two sides exchanged blows, he had already retreated far away …
"This sword …"
Dongfang Gui's astonished expression froze on his face.
As an anonymous person, Luo Zheng's results in the Arena of Gods were indeed amazing.
After all, he had created a record of consecutive victories in cross-level battles!
Such a genius was extremely rare even in the rich and powerful families. At least, Luo Zheng's results were unparalleled. Even those Saints could not create such terrifying results when they were at the True God Realm.
Even so, it was impossible to slash out such a terrifying sword …
This was already illogical.
That sword earlier was sufficient to slay a grand completion True God!
Seeing that Luo Yan could actually fight Tu 'e head-on, he was shocked.
What kind of people were this pair of siblings from the Luo Clan?
No wonder Dongfang Taiqing and Mu Xuerong had repeatedly warned him not to be careless when facing Luo Zheng.
At that time, Dongfang Gui didn't think much of it. But now, Dongfang Gui finally felt it!
The Sword Mastiff's face was covered with a perverted ruddy color. He didn't feel any fear after being saved by Luo Zheng's sword. Instead, he was incomparably excited.
"Lord Wu Hen, you should be able to see it now …" Sword Mastiff raised his head and muttered.
The most shocked people were not Dongfang Gui, but the two Saints of the Sword Race in the Sword Transformation Divine City.
The Sword Race's greatest pursuit was the ultimate Sword Dao.
In the entire God Realm, the four Sages of the Sword Tribe were the most dedicated in researching and cultivating the Sword Dao.
Jian Leiting and Jian Wuhen were two of the four Sages ….
"That is … the Emotion Severing Divine Dao?"
Jian Leiting's eyes flickered with an intense radiance.
After seeing this sword, the worry in their hearts lessened a bit. It was replaced by a strong curiosity and thirst for knowledge.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao obliterates spirituality and slashes out with a sword in a decaying manner. Its might is indeed extraordinary, but …" Jian Wuhen muttered, "It is absolutely impossible for it to be this powerful!"
There were many ways to affect the might of Luo Zheng's sword …
For example, Luo Zheng was merely a Lesser True God.
For example, that green sword was an ordinary Grandmist Spiritual Treasure no matter how one looked at it.
For example, the Divine Dao …
Although the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was powerful, it was impossible for it to be this powerful.
While the two old men were shocked, they both looked at Yu Taibai.
Yu Taibai's expression didn't change much.
He knew that Divine Daos could be fused. He also knew that his master's Immeasurable Ruler was in Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng had been in the Realm of the Gods for a period of time. It wasn't difficult for him to discover the Immeasurable Ruler. However, fusing Divine Daos … that wasn't something that Luo Zheng could do at his current level.
Although Yu Taibai was very surprised by Luo Zheng's performance, he was more concerned about how Luo Zheng and Luo Yan were going to get out of this predicament!
"That's the fused energy of the Divine Daos. I reckon there are several hundred types of Divine Daos fused into one," Yu Taibai explained indifferently.
There was nothing to hide now. Furthermore, if they really obtained the inheritance, the Sword Race would completely stand on the side of the Luo Family.
"Several hundred types of Divine Daos? He comprehended several hundred types of Divine Daos? "Jian Wuhen's eyes flickered with a strange radiance.
"Luo Zheng did use several different types of Divine Daos in the Sea of Time Forbidden Area. Back then, I was very puzzled. I didn't expect him to be able to use several hundred types of Divine Daos. However, fusing Divine Daos is not an easy task!" Jian Leiting couldn't help but say.
There were always some exceptional geniuses in the Realm of the Gods that cultivated two or even three types of Divine Daos. However, fusing all these Divine Daos was not an easy task.
Only a very small number of people succeeded.
They even comprehended Extra-Dao Divine Powers after fusing Divine Daos …
However, their Extra-Dao Divine Powers could not be inherited because there were too few True Gods who were qualified to fuse Divine Daos.
Jian Leiting and Jian Wuhen were very clear about this matter.
However, now that Yu Taibai had jumped out and told them that Luo Zheng had fused several hundred types of Divine Daos, the two Sages found it very hard to understand.
"I'm not sure either," Yu Taibai said with a solemn expression. "What I'm concerned about now is whether they can leave the Battle of Dao alive."
Right now, he wasn't in the mood to discuss the fusion of the Divine Daos. He simply opened his eyes wide and relied on the Clear Vision Technique to observe every movement in the Battle of Dao. Energy constantly circulated in one of his hands as he calculated every possibility in the Battle of Dao.
Although Tu 'e was at a disadvantage now and had even lost an arm to Luo Zheng, he was still at a disadvantage.
With the strength displayed by Luo Yan and Luo Zheng, as well as the twelve members of the Sword Race, the possibility of defeating Tu 'e was still zero …
…
Tu 'e, who had lost an arm, became silent.
He grabbed the arm and connected it to his severed arm. Countless granules appeared on his arm and the wound on his severed arm healed in the blink of an eye.
Countless red lightning bolts appeared all over his body and enveloped him layer by layer.
Tu 'e, who had always been unruly, lost his temper because of this group of little fellows.
After a few breaths of silence, he finally began to calm down.
At least, he no longer treated this group of ants as "ants". Instead, he treated them as serious opponents and squeezed out a trace of "seriousness".
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …"
Countless red lightning bolts escaped from his red skin.
Then, he took a step forward …
With just one step, he disappeared into thin air.
The next moment …
Tu 'e appeared above Luo Zheng.
Like an unscalable mountain, he was wrapped in endless red lightning bolts and completely enveloped Luo Zheng in an area of ten thousand feet.
"Die!"
Tu 'e's eyes were surging with murderous intent as he lamented his own stupidity.

Chapter 2070
Previously, Tu 'e had been toying with Luo Zheng, wanting to stun her with his bare hands.
It was like a human trying to catch a fly with his bare hands …
Now that he was serious, the boundless blood-red lightning enveloped an area of three thousand meters, instantly turning it into a dead zone.
Seeing this scene from afar, Xing Lin couldn't help but shiver. "That kid is a rare genius in the Domain of the Gods. I'm afraid he'll be deader than dead …"
"No!"
Luo Yan screamed.
Tu 'e attacked so quickly that Luo Yan didn't have time to react at all.
Seeing the circle of red lightning curling around her, her eyes suddenly widened, and anger filled her little face!
"Whoosh …"
Her figure fluttered, and the enormous shadow of Waa moved with her.
She charged at Tu 'e without any regard for her own safety …
"You?"
Tu 'e saw Luo Yan's shadow charge over, and he waved his huge hand.
With a speed that didn't match his figure at all, he punched through the air!
The enormous shadow of the fist hit Waa's shadow head-on.
"Rumble!"
Waa's shadow took the hit, and its surface began to flicker with boundless light.
Luo Yan couldn't fully control Waa's shadow at all, and it was only in its most basic form.
Just as Yu Taibai said, Waa's shadow's inheritance was extraordinary, and it didn't belong to the Domain of the Gods at all.
But no matter how extraordinary it was, Luo Yan's Waa's shadow was equivalent to an infant's form, and it was already very powerful to be able to fight the demon head on.
After the light on Waa's shadow flickered for a while, it began to shrink, and all the purple light gathered at her chest.
The purple light in her eyes began to flicker wildly, and her face showed pain. Her body fell from the sky.
The backlash had already begun.
Luo Yan looked at the sea of red lightning unwillingly, and said softly, "Big brother, I'm sorry. Yan 'er wasn't able to protect you."
At this moment, Luo Yan finally felt the helplessness of fate …
"Plop!"
Luo Yan fell to the ground, and the shadow slowly shrank towards her chest.
As it continued to shrink, it began to devour her mind.
When Wa Ying completely gained the upper hand, she would directly replace Luo Yan and become the master of Luo Yan's body.
At that time, the Luo Yan would become a completely different kind of creature.
Therefore, Yu Taibai had never allowed Luo Yan to summon the complete Waha Shadow in Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
Luo Yan, who was lying on the ground, was surprisingly calm. She looked sideways at Lightning, who was not far away, and curled her lips …
"It's a pity that I can't even see my brother now …" she muttered.
Nan Longhua, who was below the green stone tablet, sighed when she saw this scene. "If such a monstrous pair of siblings is going to die here, I guess I won't be able to escape either …"
Even so, Nan Longhua did not regret her choice.
Even if he escaped through the fog, he would most likely die.
How many of those True Gods who were fleeing in all directions would be able to safely leave the Dao Struggle Grounds?
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure …
A figure was running wildly in the blood-red lightning!
Luo Yan blinked her eyes slightly, and a trace of confusion appeared on her face. However, the figure became clearer and clearer, and the moment it emerged from the blood-red lightning, her eyes suddenly widened.
A golden light appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
"Absolute Beginning's Promise!"
Even Tu 'e's face was full of astonishment.
Absolute Beginning's Promise could ignore the erosion of all energy in the Divine Plane.
Although someone as powerful as Tu 'e was created by the negative power of faith in the Divine Plane, the power he used still came from within the Divine Plane. Naturally, he could not hurt Luo Zheng at all!
"Whoosh!"
After Luo Zheng rushed out, he almost exploded with all the strength in his body, and ran directly toward Luo Yan.
At the same time, he had a thought.
The doppelganger he summoned, Xun, waved his long spear and leaped up, jumping continuously on Tu 'e's body at an extremely fast speed!
Compared to Tu 'e's huge body, Xun's body was like a small flea.
However, in the blink of an eye, Xun had already jumped in front of Tu 'e, and the long spear in his hand was suddenly thrown out!
"Puff!"
Tu 'e was slightly stunned when the spear hit him in the eye.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng picked up Luo Yan who was on the ground.
He did not have time to choose a direction and could only run wildly forward …
Seeing this, Jian Ao coldly shouted again, "Disciples of the Sword Tribe, cover them!"
If they could protect the Luo siblings here, Jian Ao and the rest's sacrifice would be worth it.
Under Jian Ao's lead, the twelve disciples of the Sword Tribe once again transformed into a giant sword and shot toward Tu 'e.
"Scram!"
Tu 'e was really angry now.
He slapped Xun's body and sent him flying.
Tu 'e did not even look at the disciples of the Sword Tribe who were rushing toward him. His figure flashed, and he disappeared into thin air again.
He could use Space Diversion in the Battle of Dao, so how could those two ants escape?
Luo Zheng carried Luo Yan and rushed for about five kilometers before Tu 'e's figure appeared in front of him like an insurmountable mountain.
"You're even more tenacious than the Dead Soul Worms in the Abyss of Demons." Tu 'e looked coldly at Luo Zheng.
Carrying Luo Yan, Luo Zheng began to retreat continuously. His state of mind had already sunk to the bottom of the valley.
It was still too difficult to fight with a demon comparable to a Quasi-sage.
He still had two Promises of the Beginning, but Luo Yan was unable to resist the blood-colored lightning. Would he still die here in the end?
"Brother." Luo Yan's lips were already pale. She forced herself to stay alert and reached out to caress Luo Zheng's face. "You've already done your best. Don't struggle anymore …"
"What nonsense are you saying?" Luo Zheng retreated while thinking of a way to escape.
He was different from Luo Yan. He had experienced this kind of desperate situation more than once. Even if it was a hopeless situation where death was certain, he would never give up.
"Your sister is right." Dongfang Gui's voice came faintly from behind Luo Zheng. "A futile struggle is meaningless. Welcoming death is your final destination!"
Dongfang Gui already knew that he could not escape death. Unexpectedly, he followed without fear.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Dongfang Gui and sneered. "You're twisted like a maggot. Do you think everyone in the world is the same as you?"
Tu 'e laughed when he heard Luo Zheng's words. "Your so-called gods are no different from maggots in my eyes!"
Dongfang Gui sneered. "Did you hear that? Who do you think you are? What right do you have to pretend to be more noble than me? Hahaha … "
That wild laughter was extremely ear-piercing. Luo Zheng's face turned ashen.
Dongfang Gui laughed halfway.
A faint female voice suddenly floated out from the thick fog.
"Why? Because he's my son … "
The voice fell.

Chapter 2071
It was very quiet in the fog, so the voice that suddenly drifted out was very clear.
Luo Zheng, Dongfang Gui, and Tu 'e all heard it clearly …
They immediately cast their gazes over.
"A woman with long hair!"
Tu 'e's face gradually darkened.
After he mysteriously appeared in this place, he encountered this woman.
With his intelligence, he was very clear that some things could be provoked and some things could not be!
And this woman was definitely an existence that could not be provoked!
After this woman broke his arm, she left on her own accord and they never met again.
Tu 'e even suspected that she knew a way to leave this foggy world.
But Tu 'e never expected this woman to appear here again …
When Dongfang Gui heard this, he was also stunned.
"What the hell is a son?"
His gaze swept across the woman's face, and he was instantly shocked.
"Looks, exactly the same?"
That woman dragged her long hair and walked slowly, exuding a different kind of aura and beauty.
But putting this aside …
She, she actually looked exactly the same as Luo Yan!
Son, brother and sister …
This woman was Luo Yan and Luo Zheng's mother?
How could she appear here? How could such a coincidence happen?
Dongfang Gui felt that he was crazy, so he accepted this plan arranged by his family. But at this moment, he suddenly realized that this world was actually crazier and more ridiculous than he had imagined.
…
Yu Taibai never thought that a savior would appear.
Even though Luo Zheng's performance had exceeded his expectations time and time again, he was destined to be powerless against a demon like Tu 'e.
Some situations were dead ends, and the outcome was very easy to predict, not to mention an almighty like Yu Taibai.
His master had entrusted Luo Yan and Luo Zheng to him to take care of, and in the end, he had fallen to such a state. It could be said that he had suffered a crushing defeat …
Although he tried his best to restrain himself, his expression was rather ugly.
Until he saw the long-haired woman's appearance through the Insightful Eye, his body suddenly trembled!
"Master's wife! This is impossible, how could Master's wife appear here! "Yu Taibai was agitated, and his face was filled with disbelief.
Jian Leiting and Jian Wuhen also stared blankly at the long-haired woman.
"It's her, the woman surnamed Li …"
"Luo Xiao's wife! Why would she appear in the Dao Battle Grounds? "
Jian Leiting and Jian Wuji more or less knew what had happened back then. However, they only knew that the woman's surname was Li.
However, this woman would never be able to rush to the Dao Battle to save her son and daughter! His appearance here was simply inconceivable!
Yu Taibai's reaction was the fastest.
He clapped his hands and said, "I know, Fear Incarnation! She should be someone's fear incarnation! This is the only explanation! "
"Fear Incarnation?" Jian Leiting's eyes flashed.
"But she hasn't appeared in Deity's Domain for countless God Epochs. It's impossible for these juniors to have seen her before. How did she become the embodiment of their fear?" Although Jian Wuhen was leaning towards Yu Taibai's judgment, he still had his suspicions.
Yu Taibai shook his head. "I don't know. It should be a coincidence that it became someone's fear … Heaven's will, this really is the arrangement of heaven's will!"
The Fear Incarnation had its own will and could control its own actions!
Although Master's wife's strength had been greatly reduced, it was still not a problem for her to deal with a demon.
His heart, which had been hanging high in the air, finally calmed down …
…
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the long-haired woman.
When he first entered the Dao Battle, he saw a blurry figure.
He didn't expect it to be this woman!
When he killed that monster in the Tie Family's underground, he obtained a piece of mud and a small eyeball.
Through that eyeball, he saw this woman's head!
This head looked exactly the same as Luo Yan's …
That face had reverberated in his mind for a long time.
She became my fear incarnation?
She came to the Dao Battle?
Moreover, she's my mother?
The thoughts in Luo Zheng's mind were in chaos.
In his arms, Luo Yan raised her head and looked over with difficulty.
Although she looked sickly, when she saw the woman with the same appearance as her, her eyes flashed with a trace of gentleness. "Mother … are you really my mother …"
The long-haired woman looked at Luo Zheng and Luo Yan. Her pair of bewitching red eyes also flashed with a trace of gentleness.
When she heard Luo Yan's question, she couldn't help but nod her head.
Whoosh!
Almost in the blink of an eye, the long-haired woman had already arrived in front of Luo Zheng. She reached out to touch Luo Yan's forehead.
But Luo Zheng was very vigilant.
Exerting strength in his feet, he quickly retreated backward. He stared at the long-haired woman with a vigilant expression.
He wasn't as naive as Luo Yan.
Even if she looked like his mother, she might not really be his mother.
Although Luo Zheng had never seen his mother's appearance since he was a child, in his imagination, his mother was always gentle and benevolent.
No matter how he looked at this woman emitting a bewitching aura, she didn't look like a good person. She was too different from the image in his imagination.
Moreover, in the underground world …
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with fear.
How could he let this woman get close to Luo Yan?
Seeing Luo Zheng avoiding her like this, the long-haired woman's eyes revealed a trace of disappointment and grief. But she still stared at Luo Yan and said, "Yan 'er hasn't matured yet. Activating the infant Wah's Shadow will backfire and cause her to lose her mind. That's fatal … I, I can save her."
Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly. He really did feel that the aura of Luo Yan's soul was declining.
"Wah's Shadow? You mean that purple shadow? "Luo Zheng asked.
The long-haired woman nodded. "Yes!"
Luo Zheng relaxed a bit. In order to save Luo Yan, he had to take some risks. But he raised his head and glanced at Tue …
This powerful demon was still here. Was this long-haired woman planning to save Luo Yan here?
"But that guy is still here …" Luo Zheng said.
From the beginning to the end, she didn't seem to care about Tue at all. She completely treated this mountain-sized demon as air.
Hearing her son's words, her eyebrows knitted slightly and she smiled. "That's right. Yan 'er used Wah's Shadow because of this guy, right? Then … "
Buzz buzz buzz …
Suddenly, that hundred feet long hair was plated with a layer of bewitching red light. Her figure flashed, and all the strands of hair attacked Tue like claws and fangs!
"Woman, you …"
Tue was shocked. He wanted to use Space Diversion, but it was too late.
Those hundred feet long strands of hair actually extended infinitely at this moment and tightly wrapped around Tue, who was more than ten thousand feet tall!
"Rip!"
The sharpness of this hair was far beyond imagination …
Under the tightening, it quickly seeped into Tue's body.

Chapter 2072
Sword Mastiff and the rest were rather far away and did not hear what the woman said.
Just now, when Tu 'e used Space Diversion to avoid the Numinous Firmament Sword Formation, Sword Mastiff once again drove the sword formation to fly over.
But just as he flew halfway, he saw the long-haired woman.
"Another Fear Incarnation!"
"The aura this woman emits is even more terrifying than an Evil Demon!"
"It's over …"
The Sword Tribe disciples' faces were overcast, and even Sword Mastiff's face was ashen.
The huge sword shadow also slowly stopped, as if there was nothing else they could do other than sit and wait for death.
But the next scene completely exceeded their scope of understanding.
The long-haired woman said something to Luo Zheng, and with a flutter of her body, Tu 'e's body instantly turned into countless pieces …
"That's …"
Sword Mastiff was dumbfounded. The Sword Tribe disciples were also dumbfounded.
The long-haired woman actually cut Tu 'e into pieces …
The sudden change made it difficult for them to accept that such a powerful Evil Demon was as weak as a piece of paper in front of this woman.
"No …"
Tu 'e only had time to say one word, and his huge face revealed a trace of fear and unease.
"Crash!"
After his mountain-like body was cut open, his entire body began to collapse.
Countless pieces of flesh and bones collapsed like a landslide.
Corrosive blood spurted out in all directions like a fountain.
Luo Zheng carried Luo Yan and quickly retreated, avoiding the rain of flesh and blood.
Dongfang Gui also had a dumbfounded expression.
However, the last shred of desire to survive in his heart still made him escape.
As for the long-haired woman, she floated in the air and allowed the rain of flesh and blood to fall, but not a single drop of blood landed on her body.
Xing Lin, who was hiding in the distance, saw this scene and his teeth kept chattering.
This woman of unknown origin was so powerful that it made one's hair stand on end. The only thing he could do was to escape!
"Crackle …"
Xing Lin transformed into a bolt of lightning and charged into the mist in the blink of an eye.
The long-haired woman glanced indifferently and did not pursue.
All the Fear Incarnations in the Dao Battle would disappear after the battle ended, including herself. It was useless no matter where she fled.
She couldn't care less about the lives of these incarnations of fear.
The reason why he had killed Tu 'e was because Luo Yan had been bewitched by Wah's Shadow. He had done it purely to vent his anger.
Otherwise, it would not be much of a problem for Tue to escape …
The long-haired woman slowly descended and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. She looked at Luo Yan with eyes full of concern and said softly, "Put her down."
Even though Luo Zheng still had his doubts, this woman had killed Tu 'e after all.
Moreover, there seemed to be no other choice if he wanted to save Luo Yan.
After that, Luo Zheng obediently laid Luo Yan flat on the ground.
The long-haired woman stretched out her hand and pressed it on Luo Yan's forehead. A wisp of red light spread out along her slender fingers.
"Buzz …"
A wisp of purple light appeared on Luo Yan's forehead. Unexpectedly, it was resisting the red light released by the long-haired woman.
Although the colors of these two lights were different, the aura they emitted was very similar.
However, Luo Yan's purple light was slightly weaker. Under this struggle, the purple light quickly retreated while the red light drilled into Luo Yan's mind without any hindrance.
"Mm."
Luo Yan snorted and his body suddenly trembled.
His originally rapid breathing gradually calmed down, as if he had fallen into a deep sleep.
The long-haired woman probably felt that she hadn't done enough. She pinched her fingers together and emitted a soft yellow light. She was probably comforting Luo Yan's soul.
Looking at the long-haired woman and then looking at Luo Yan's face, Luo Zheng felt both strange and emotional.
These two women looked almost exactly the same, like twins. But she was actually his mother …
After treating him, the long-haired woman stroked Luo Yan's face again, her eyes full of tenderness.
Then she slowly stood up and gently breathed a sigh of relief.
Her beautiful eyes looked at Luo Zheng again. Her complicated expression turned into spirals, constantly rotating in her pupils.
Luo Zheng's mood was also very complicated.
Mother was a strange word to him. He didn't expect to meet her under such circumstances.
Until now, he didn't even know his mother's surname or given name!
The long-haired woman slowly walked towards him …
The shiny black hair spread to the sides like satin, encircling him in the middle.
"Can I hug you?" the long-haired woman asked.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to refuse, but when he saw the long-haired woman's longing expression, he subconsciously nodded.
Then the long-haired woman stepped forward and hugged him. She choked with sobs and said, "I've been waiting for this day for a long, long time. I thought I would have to continue waiting …"
She was just the incarnation of fear.
These memories wouldn't be retained in her body, but this incarnation inherited all of them. Naturally, she also had all of her emotions and self-awareness.
"Why is it a long time? Luo Yan and I just …"
According to the flow of time in the God Realm, Luo Zheng had only been born for a few years.
"A long time ago, you were placed in the Great Evolution Universe. It's just that your father arranged for you to grow up in this Evolution Era," the long-haired woman said softly.
In the Great Evolution Universe, the first ten Evolution Eras were used for experiments. Only in this Evolution Era, the two seeds of hope, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, were finally "hatched" and began to grow healthily.
The long-haired woman shook her head. "Now it seems that your father's arrangements weren't necessarily correct. Zheng 'er, your luck is too good. If I hadn't become the incarnation of fear and descended on the Dao Battle, today I'm afraid …"
She looked like a woman who would kill without hesitation.
However, she couldn't accept Luo Zheng and Luo Yan taking such a huge risk. From her words, she seemed to be very dissatisfied with Luo Xiao and Yu Taibai's arrangements.
At Luo Zheng's side, she was like an ordinary mother who had been wronged and poured out her grievances.
Although this woman was very unfamiliar to Luo Zheng, when he heard her speak softly, Luo Zheng felt a heartfelt sense of intimacy.
"It's been so long, but it's also passed so quickly. In the blink of an eye, you've already reached the God Realm. You're already strong enough to hold your own," she said with gratification. Then she raised a finger. "I don't want to forget what happened here. Help me preserve the memories here. When you see me again, return them to me."

Chapter 2073
The cocoon of light instantly entered Luo Zheng's glabella and disappeared without a trace.
After being planted with the cocoon of light, Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in his heart.
Previously, Shi Xiaoqiao had planted a petal on him. This time, she had planted a cocoon of light.
Could it be that the cocoon of light had recorded all of his actions?
However, when he saw the long-haired woman retract her hand and reveal a gratified smile, he felt a sense of security.
Perhaps this was the feeling of home?
"Let's go. I'll take you to activate Elder Yuan's inheritance." As the long-haired woman spoke, she took the initiative to pick up Luo Yan.
At that moment, the sword mastiff and the others rushed over.
Although the long-haired woman had killed Tu 'e, the sword mastiff still did not understand the reason.
In the eyes of the sword mastiff, any manifestation of fear was an enemy. This long-haired woman gave off a bewitching and ominous feeling. Could she be a demonic being that bewitched people?
"Luo Zheng, who is she?" the sword mastiff asked nervously.
Speaking of which …
This woman could kill Tu 'e with a raise of her hand.
Even if he resisted, it would be meaningless. However, how could the sword mastiff be at ease if he did not ask clearly?
He had summoned the Calamity Sword. He would die eventually, but he still hoped that Luo Yan and Luo Zheng could escape this calamity and obtain the inheritance of the Dao Struggle.
"She …"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, not knowing how to answer.
The long-haired woman gently bit her lip. Her bewitching red eyes stared blankly at Luo Zheng, faintly revealing a look of anticipation.
She naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would acknowledge her …
Luo Zheng and the long-haired woman's eyes met. His heart skipped a beat as he said, "She's my mother."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the long-haired woman's eyes narrowed slightly as she revealed a smile.
"Mother?" The sword mastiff was stunned.
The sword race disciples also looked at each other.
This matter was too unbelievable. After all, the manifestations of fear in the Dao Struggle were all unique and abnormally terrifying monsters.
How could Luo Zheng meet his mother here?
No matter how coincidental it was, it could not be so coincidental!
No, she was probably a demonic being that could bewitch people. Perhaps this woman came from the Soul Wilderness. There were indeed some powerful existences that could do this!
Seeing the Sword Mastiff's face full of doubt and disbelief, Luo Zheng couldn't help but explain, "Actually, it's not difficult to understand. There was a period of time when she became the thing I feared … At that time, I didn't know that she was my mother, so …"
With such an explanation, the sword mastiff and the disciples of the Sword Race came to a sudden realization. However, it left them speechless.
The Dongfang family was willing to pay a heavy price and used Dongfang Gui to summon a demon.
Luo Zheng was even weirder. He even called out his mother …
Jian Ao couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Other than Luo Yan, who was a little more normal, the rest of the Luo Family seemed to be a little weird.
"So that's how it is. That's good." Jian Ao forced a smile. "Congratulations, it looks like you'll be able to obtain the inheritance of Dao Struggle."
The disciples of the Sword Clan had completed their mission, but their lives were about to come to an end …
The blood-red patterns on the Disaster Sword in the Sword Mastiff's hand were shrinking bit by bit. Now, only the tip of the sword was left, about one-fifth of it.
When these blood-red patterns were completely extinguished, their lives would also come to an end.
Because of Jian Ao's words, the faces of the other eleven disciples of the Sword Clan dimmed.
In order to risk their lives, they had sacrificed their lives to summon the Disaster Sword. Now, it was time for them to suffer the consequences.
Although they were mentally prepared, how could life and death be so easy to face?
"What's wrong?"
Seeing the expressions of Jian Ao and the others, Luo Zheng was somewhat baffled.
His gaze fell on the longswords in their hands. Speaking of which, the strength displayed by the twelve disciples of the Sword Clan was indeed powerful. They could actually injure Tu 'e twice. Could it be related to the swords in their hands?
Seeing this, the long-haired woman smiled faintly. Then, she handed the sleeping Luo Yan to Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng was done, she walked towards Jian Ao and reached out to grab the Disaster Sword in his hand. She said faintly, "The Disaster Sword in your hands is formed from the tides of fortune. Moreover, it's the tide of misfortune. After the red light dissipates, you will bear the tribulations of three disasters and three calamities. However, most people can't even pass the first disaster. Even if you pass the first disaster, there will be the second, third, and three calamities. There's no doubt you'll die."
"What?" Luo Zheng's pupils dilated slightly. This was equivalent to paying the price of one's life.
Jian Ao smiled bleakly and pulled the Disaster Sword back from the long-haired woman's hand. "Before we used the Disaster Sword, we already knew the consequences. This is our fate. I'm afraid it can't be changed …"
The other disciples of the Sword Clan all lowered their heads. Their faces were filled with grief.
Once the Disaster Sword was used, even a Saint wouldn't be able to save it. This was the consensus of the Sword Clan.
"I remember that this Disaster Sword was created by a genius of the Sword Clan. In reality, it's a sword of misfortune formed from the Eternal Sword Intent. There's no solution to this misfortune. However, it can be transferred. I can transfer the tribulations to someone else," the long-haired woman said faintly.
"Transfer?"
Jian Ao's heart thumped wildly.
Jian Ao didn't know where Luo Zheng's mother came from. However, such a person might have some abilities that even a Saint didn't know about!
"It can be transferred?"
"Does that mean we still have a chance to live?"
"Impossible. Even Master Wu Heng can't do that …"
The disciples of the Sword Clan all had hopeful expressions.
"But who can it be transferred to?" Mo Nan suddenly said.
Once this was said, everyone fell silent.
Who would be willing to sacrifice themselves and bear the disaster of others?
However, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and looked at someone not far away …
Everyone else followed Luo Zheng's gaze and looked over as well.
In the distance, Dongfang Gui didn't seem to have recovered from his great shock.
At this moment, his face was lifeless and his hair was disheveled. He didn't have a trace of the aura of an upper True God.
He stared blankly at the mountain of flesh and bones in front of him. His face was filled with grief. It was as if Tu E was his masterpiece and this perfect masterpiece had been destroyed by someone.
"Dongfang Gui!"
"Transfer it to him!"
"Yes! Capture him! "
The disciples of the Sword Clan looked at Dongfang Gui as if they had seen their savior.
Dongfang Gui was still in a daze when he suddenly saw the disciples of the Sword Clan charging at him as if they had been injected with chicken blood. He was shocked and wanted to escape.
However, he had been flicked by Tu E's finger and was heavily injured.
The disciples of the Sword Clan were still using their Disaster Swords. How could Dongfang Gui escape?
Soon, the disciples of the Sword Clan tied Dongfang Gui up and carried him in front of the long-haired woman.
Jian Ao asked worriedly, "Can the tribulations be transferred to a single person?"
"Yes, you need to stab this sword into his body. However, don't kill him," the long-haired woman said faintly.
The disciples of the Sword Clan all looked at Dongfang Gui with malicious gazes.
"What, what do you want to do!" Dongfang Gui realized that something was wrong.

Chapter 2074
It was all thanks to Dongfang Gui that everyone had fallen to such a state. Naturally, they did not hesitate in the slightest.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
They all stabbed their Calamity Swords into Dongfang Gui's body.
The sword techniques of the disciples of the Sword clan were naturally extremely brilliant. Although the Calamity Swords had pierced through his body, they had all avoided Dongfang Gui's vitals. He did not even bleed much.
However, during this process, Dongfang Gui also tried to resist.
His only method of resistance was to self-destruct. However, just as he was about to self-destruct, the long-haired woman discovered his intentions.
He felt a slight pain in his abdomen, and a thin strand of hair pierced through his dantian. Dongfang Gui immediately lost his connection with his dantian, and was unable to use any means of self-preservation to end his life.
The twelve swords pierced Dongfang Gui's body, making him look like a hedgehog.
He did not know what these people wanted to do, and in his despair, he had already given up resisting.
Next, the long-haired woman gently waved her hands and formed a hand seal. A peculiar aura burst out from it.
"This momentum …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Back then, when he faced the calamity of the Fate Destroying Phoenix Snake, he'd once felt it …
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had an unwavering belief in luck!
However, Hua Tianming's words later made him doubt the concept of luck.
Later on, he found out that everything was arranged by his father, so he completely rejected the idea of luck. It turned out that everything was just a predetermined arrangement.
"The so-called misfortune is just a special kind of energy, right? Or are the three disasters just the backlash from the Calamity Sword? "Luo Zheng could not help but ask.
Unexpectedly, she shook her head. "No, this is the punishment of fate."
"Does luck really exist?" Luo Zheng asked.
The long-haired woman's hand seals kept changing. Waves of aura flowed into the twelve swords. She wanted to transfer the Three Calamities and Three Disasters to Dongfang Gui.
At the same time, she earnestly answered Luo Zheng's question, "Of course it does. In God's Domain, this is a kind of authority."
"This is also a kind of authority?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
The long-haired woman looked at her son tenderly. "Of course, it's about authority. If you take out enough shenwu coins, you can also change your destiny on the tablet. That's not too difficult … the real trouble is this."
She pointed at the Calamity Swords and continued, "The Calamity Swords formed from the Sword Cloud's Eternal True Intent can change the Fate of even higher levels. Therefore, the Saints of the Divine Realm are destined to be powerless, and there is no solution."
"A higher level? Mother … Are you talking about creatures above their level? "Luo Zheng was taken aback.
Whenever she heard Luo Zheng call her mother, her face would always show a trace of joy, and she didn't try to hide it at all.
"You could say that. However, this Sword of Calamity isn't complete. If it was a Sword of Calamity released by a Nirvana Realm expert, it wouldn't be so easy to move it," the long-haired woman replied.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng more or less understood.
No matter how talented the Sword Tribe's disciple was, the Sword Cloud's Eternal True Intent he comprehended couldn't be complete. Of course, this Sword of Calamity wasn't that difficult to break.
However, the inheritance of the True Intent of Dao came from a creature of a higher level. It came from the vast Chaotic World outside the Divine Realm.
The creatures of the Divine Realm were unsolvable. Even a Saint's great ability couldn't break it.
If his mother could do it, did that mean she came from outside the Divine Realm?
Or did she also have the strength of a Nirvana Realm expert?
Since she had such strength, why did she hide in the underground world?
Luo Zheng's heart was full of questions.
Seeing how his mother seemed to answer everything, he really should ask her properly.
However, he had to wait until she moved the Calamity Swords' Calamity Swords first …
She crossed her hands and kept flicking her fingers on the twelve Calamity Swords.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As the Calamity Swords moved, Dongfang Gui's face showed pain.
That formless aura flowed into Dongfang Gui's body like a tide.
After a short while …
That imposing aura completely dissipated.
As for Dongfang Gui's glabella, it was already pitch-black. Within that pitch-black patch, there was an indescribable and unknown energy hidden within.
"You can pull out your swords now," the long-haired woman said indifferently after stopping.
To be honest, she didn't care about the lives of anyone here. Whether it was Dongfang Gui or Sword Mastiff, they were like floating clouds in her eyes.
However, she noticed Luo Zheng's emotions.
If these disciples of the Sword Tribe died, Luo Zheng would probably blame himself. As his mother, she naturally didn't hesitate to act.
When Sword Mastiff and the others pulled out their Calamity Swords, the blood-red light on them had completely disappeared. At the same time, they felt their bodies relax. The formless pressure on them had completely disappeared!
The group's expression changed when they looked at her.
The Calamity Swords were unsolvable. This was a publicly acknowledged fact in the Sword Tribe.
The Four Sages of the Sword Tribe were also unable to break it. However, this long-haired woman had broken it.
They had escaped with their lives and successfully completed their mission. Right now, they were bursting with joy!
"Let's go."
She didn't look at them and left with Luo Zheng.
While the disciples of the Sword Tribe were happy, they also felt the long-haired woman's distant aura. It seemed she didn't want them to come close.
They could only follow behind her three hundred meter long hair from a distance. They didn't dare to get too close.
Only Dongfang Gui was left behind …
"She's letting me go just like that?"
Dongfang Gui stared blankly at the group of people leaving. He still didn't dare to believe it.
Not long after they left, Dongfang Gui sensed that something was wrong. It was as if some kind of formless ghost was slowly approaching.
Soon …
Luo Zheng and the others heard Dongfang Gui's mournful screams from behind them!
Such a miserable sound, even from a distance, was very frightening.
Luo Zheng, Sword Mastiff, and Mo Nan turned around when they heard the scream. They only saw a cloud of black smoke enveloping his body.
Only the heavens knew what kind of torture he suffered in that black smoke …
Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit of pity for Dongfang Gui's fate. After all, he had almost killed him and Luo Yan.
He walked to his mother's side and suddenly thought of a problem. He asked a strange question, "Mother … I still don't know your name!"
It was very awkward to not even know his mother's surname and name.
"My surname is Li …" She shook her head and smiled, "Actually, Li isn't a surname. Zheng 'er, have you heard of the term' Li Min Sheng '?"
"Of course I've heard of it," Luo Zheng replied.
In the universe, mortals were called 'Li Min Sheng'.
Even in the Divine Realm, 'Li Min Sheng' referred to the Divine Citizens.

Chapter 2075
"Li people … There's actually such a meaning." Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of fascination.
She nodded. "Mother's original name is Luo Shui."
Among the Li people, they naturally would not call each other Li.
However, in the Divine Territory, those who knew her name would still call her Li Luoshui, or the woman with the surname Li.
"Luo Shui?" Luo Zheng was stunned, then asked, "I think there's a river in the Divine Territory called Luo Shui."
Luo Zheng did not have a thorough understanding of the Divine Realm, but coincidentally, he just happened to collect a set of the "Luo River Seven Brahma Characters" in Famed Sword God City, so he naturally had some understanding of the Luo River, a river that spanned three regions. This Luo River was already an extremely ancient river in the Divine Realm, and was also the longest river.
Hearing this, Li Luoshui smiled faintly, "Because that river was named after Mother!"
"Named after Mother …" Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Li Luoshui's face was full of gentleness. She said again, "Zheng 'er, do you have anything else to ask?"
"Yes!" Luo Zheng's tone suddenly became heavier.
Until now, there were many things that Luo Zheng could not see through the fog.
There were too many things that he wanted to know …
"Why did Mother hide underground?" Luo Zheng asked.
Li Luoshui looked into the distance, her face slightly gloomy. "Of course, it was to avoid certain people."
"Those Saints from the Wealthy Alliance? Dongfang Chunjun? "Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
Li Luoshui smiled faintly. "Dongfang Chunjun can be considered half of one for now. As for those Saints, they are not …"
"Dongfang Chunjun can only be considered half of one?" Luo Zheng was shocked again.
However, thinking about it carefully, with Mother's current state, she could easily kill Tue, who was comparable to a Quasi-sage.
Perhaps those Saints were really nothing in front of Mother.
"Since the birth of the Divine Territory, there were only two people who could truly be called geniuses in Mother's eyes. One was your father, and the other was Dongfang Chunjun." Li Luoshui smiled. "Both of them could enter the Nirvana Realm with their own abilities. At that time, Dongfang Chunjun should have already crossed the Sea of True Meaning. If I'm not wrong, he should have already stepped into the Nirvana Realm … "
Hearing this, a light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Half step into the Nirvana Realm …
No wonder Dongfang Chunjun had such charisma in the Divine Realm. He had actually cultivated to such a level.
It was said that the Nirvana Realm expert in the Battle of the Dao was only a skeleton. Just the True Will of the Dao emitted from the skeleton was already so powerful. If a true Nirvana Realm expert were to descend, how terrifying would it be?
"It's a pity that your father was too impulsive back then." When Li Luoshui mentioned Luo Xiao, a hint of longing flashed across her face, "His talent was slightly stronger than Dongfang Chunjun's. If he didn't fall, I'm afraid he would have achieved the Nirvana Realm by now."
Luo Zheng was silent.
. of Father's death.....
Fortunately, the Great Yan Universe was not destroyed. At least there was still a chance for his father to be reborn.
Mother was hidden deep underground and never saw the light of day.
Only her head was left.
How could he, as a son, bear with his parents like this?
Looking at the peaceful face of Luo Yan, who was sleeping soundly in his arms, his shoulders became heavy for no reason.
Luo Zheng finally understood why Xingwei, the old patriarch, and even Hua Tianming were unwilling to tell him the truth in the Great Yan Universe. Even when he met Yu Taibai and Luo Yan in the Divine Territory, they still had to hide it from him …
The things he faced were too difficult.
"I'm sorry …" Li Luoshui suddenly said.
Luo Zheng looked at his mother with a hint of doubt in his eyes.
"This burden is too heavy. It's my fault as a mother." Li Luoshui lowered her head and blamed herself.
She was a very sensitive person. Naturally, she noticed Luo Zheng's emotions.
Who would be willing to let their children experience such suffering to save themselves?
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twisted. A strong aura was released. He looked at Li Luoshui and said, "As a son, if I can't bear this little burden when my parents are in trouble, how can I, Luo Zheng, have the face to stand tall in this world?"
Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng's serious appearance and suddenly froze.
She looked at him with a complicated expression for a while. Then she said with relief, "Zheng 'er … you've really grown up!"
Saying this, she smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng. Whether it was her appearance or her attitude, she was like a young girl. However, she did not look like a mother.
The two walked side by side. Luo Zheng did not get to the bottom of it. He was afraid that his mother would blame herself again.
However, there was an extremely important matter that he had to know.
"Mother, Zheng 'er still has something he doesn't understand," Luo Zheng said.
"What is it?" Li Luoshui asked.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "That day, when I entered the underground of the Tie Family, I found out what that mud-like monster was …"
He was now stuck at the lower True God level. He had used all his methods but was unable to increase his cultivation.
The only thing that allowed him to condense a Godhead was the mud. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only pin his hopes on this.
"It wasn't mud, but a spirit crow," Li Luoshui replied. "Why do you ask?"
"So it was called a spirit crow … Zheng 'er's cultivation stopped at the lower True God level. At that time, he was able to condense a Godhead by relying on that thing. But now, he can't increase his cultivation, so I think this is the problem," Luo Zheng answered truthfully, not hiding anything.
"You relied on the spirit crow to condense a Godhead?" Li Luoshui looked surprised.
Luo Zheng nodded. "It was the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that Master bestowed upon me. Therefore, my inner world …"
"Primal Chaos Secret Technique! They really dared … "Li Luoshui's voice rose by three notches.
Even Jian Ao and the others, who were a thousand feet behind them, heard it and looked over with strange gazes.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng looked curiously at his mother's reaction.
"And you opened up your inner world, absorbed the spirit crow, and successfully condensed a Godhead?" Li Luoshui looked a little excited.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded again.
"How many Sanskrit characters have been formed in your inner world?" Li Luoshui asked again.
"One thousand and eighty golden Sanskrit characters," Luo Zheng replied.
"One thousand and eighty!"
Li Luoshui's eyes revealed a look of shock. She looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, and there was a hint of surprise in her shock. She murmured, "Gu Bei was crazy enough to give you the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. You also dared to cultivate it, and you even succeeded …"
Luo Zheng curled his lips. "Cultivating this is indeed very painful."
The inhumane torture he had experienced before, even now, made his heart palpitate when he thought about it.

Chapter 2076
"Thousand Brahms Domain?"
Luo Zheng paused for a moment, realizing that he had asked the right person.
Even Gu Bei and Luo Xiao might not be able to answer this question. After all, they had created the Primal Chaos Secret Technique, and they did not know how far it would go.
Li Luoshui nodded and stared at her son, as if she was looking at some strange creature.
She murmured, "They accidentally stumbled upon the right path …"
"Originally, all hope was lost. Perhaps this is a turning point …"
"This is the will of the Primal Chaos Ancient God! The Primal Chaos Ancient God is protecting us … "
Li Luoshui had been fine before, but now she seemed to be too happy and was completely immersed in her own thoughts.
Seeing his mother's expression, Luo Zheng could not help but wave his hand in front of her.
Li Luoshui came back to her senses. Seeing Luo Zheng's surprised gaze, she realized that she had lost her composure and was slightly embarrassed.
"Mother, what's going on? What is Thousand Brahms Domain? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Li Luoshui organized her thoughts and relaxed. She then said, "Zheng 'er, do you know what kind of place the Divine Realm is?"
"A ship?" Luo Zheng replied.
Li Luoshui nodded. "It seems that Yu Taibai has already told you. The Divine Realm is a large world, but at the same time, it is also a ship. But do you know what the purpose of this ship is?"
Luo Zheng did not know this.
He only knew that this ship was constantly falling.
According to Saint Jiu's explanation, the final result was that the Divine Realm would fall …
If such a large world fell, all the living beings in the Divine Realm would probably be wiped out.
After all, apart from Saints, who could resist the Primal Chaos Aura that was pouring into the Divine Realm?
"I don't know." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Li Luoshui sighed slightly and said, "The Divine Realm was originally a ship of hope for the people. It was a ship used to escape."
"Escape?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly.
"Yes." Li Luoshui nodded and said, "Our Li Min clan was also a great ancient clan in the Mother World, but in the end, we were defeated by the Great Dihong clan. Countless clansmen were slaughtered … In a time of crisis, in order to continue our Li Min bloodline, we had no choice but to create a divine realm and wander into the endless Chaos."
When these matters were mentioned, Li Luoshui's face unconsciously revealed a look of grief and indignation.
Their people used to be so prosperous. Among them, there were nine great tribes, and a hundred thousand Chiyou Guards. They were enough to move unhindered in the mother world …
It was just that when Li Luoshui was still ignorant of the situation, the tribe had already declined. Even the chief was being suppressed, and in the end, they had no choice but to resort to such a plan.
"This God's Domain is actually a ship used to escape." Luo Zheng was somewhat stunned.
It turned out that the creatures in the depths of the Primal Chaos also had their own factions, conflicts, and massacres.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment before asking, "That's not right. If the Li Clan fled, why are there so few Li Clan members in the God Domain?"
For a tribe to escape on such a huge ship like the God Domain, it would definitely take away tens of thousands of Li Clan members.
However, Luo Zheng had been in the God Domain for so long. He knew that there were some strange races in the God Domain, as well as countless True Gods. However, he had never heard of a Li Clan.
If there was one, then his mother in front of him was most likely the only one!
Li Luoshui smiled slightly. "In front of you, aren't there two?"
"Two?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Me, and you." Li Luoshui smiled. "The Li Clan is divided into nine tribes, and each of them has different bloodlines. However, you possess the most orthodox Chiyou bloodline of the nine great tribes!"
Luo Zheng finally understood what his mother meant …
Since he was a descendant of the Li Clan, he was naturally also a "Li Clan member." Moreover, he had inherited Li Luoshui's bloodline.
However, he still felt that something was wrong. His gaze suddenly stared at Luo Yan in his arms and asked, "Since I am a Li Clan member, then what about Luo Yan?"
Since he and Luo Yan were both Li Luoshui's children, why didn't his mother count her in?
"She isn't," Li Luoshui said faintly.
"Mother means that Luo Yan isn't Mother's child?" Luo Zheng asked cautiously, slightly nervous.
Who would have thought that Li Luoshui would smile slightly. "Of course Mother doesn't mean that. Yan 'er is indeed your biological sister. It's just that her bloodline is very special. This also has something to do with Mother. She has another kind of bloodline …"
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng finally relaxed.
"In the beginning, there were many Li Clans in the God Domain." Li Luoshui stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You may not have heard of the term 'Li Clan', but you should have heard of another race."
Luo Zheng muttered to himself for a moment. Suddenly, that mysterious race appeared in his mind …
"The Sacred Clan!" Luo Zheng blurted out.
"Yes," Li Luoshui said softly.
The first time Luo Zheng saw a member of the Sacred Clan, it was in the Immortal Mansion of the Northern Sage.
At that time, he had developed a strong interest in this perfect race.
Later, when Mu Haiji launched the Great Universal War, the "Sacred Clan" of the Greater Universe attacked. At that time, he knew that it was only a "fake Sacred Clan", created by Mu Haiji's imagination.
Later, he learned that the real Sacred Clan came from the God Domain.
At the beginning of the God Domain, it was this mysterious race that dominated the God Domain.
The first race to comprehend the Divine Dao tablets was the Sacred Clan. The strongest race was the Sacred Clan. Even the ones who became Saints were the Sacred Clan.
According to common logic, since the Sacred Clan was so powerful and had the initiative, the other races simply didn't have the opportunity to rise …
But in the ancient records of the Realm of the Gods, this mysterious and powerful race had suddenly disappeared overnight!
Such a strange matter had always been a mystery in the God Domain that had never been solved.
Or it could be said that this mystery originally had an answer. It was just that the answer was in the hands of an extremely small number of people and had never been made public.
Luo Zheng suddenly thought of the legends of the ancient Dao Comprehenders. He asked, "Does the Sacred Clan still need to comprehend the Divine Dao? Shouldn't they be powerful beings that surpassed their level? "
Li Luo Shui shook her head, "Even if we Li Tribe are very powerful, there are always countless weak existences within the tribe. Some of the Li Tribe's younger Li Tribe members have strength similar to the God Domain's citizens. This ship of hope contains the three thousand Divine Daos left behind by our Patriarch. We Li Tribe members naturally have to pass them down!"
Hearing Li Luo Shui's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood.
So the three thousand Divine Daos were all created by the Patriarch of the Li Tribe!
"Then … why did the Sacred Clan disappear?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Because of the pursuers," Li Luo Shui replied, "The Dihong Clan is very clear on the principle of cutting the weeds and eliminating the roots. How could they allow the Li Tribe with the purest bloodline to escape? He sent the Xuan Yuan Guard to kill us! Even though we tried our best to resist, one of the Xuan Yuan Guards still used the 'Blood Rending Art'. "
Li Luo Shui's thoughts seemed to drift back to an extremely long time ago …
"This Blood Rending Art is extremely vicious. It's a method of extermination. As long as you obtain the bloodline of one of the clansmen, you can exterminate the entire race within a certain range. That Xuan Yuan Guard used the last of his strength to use the Blood Rending Art. After that, all the Li Tribe members in the God Domain exploded into a mass of blood …"
"So in the eyes of those who came later in the God Domain, the Sacred Clan disappeared overnight because they were all dead!"

Chapter 2077
The war back then had been extremely tragic.
But what hurt her the most was watching her clansmen turn into blood before her eyes.
All of this was because they shared the same bloodline!
At that time, she had yelled at the Xuan Yuan Guard with all her might, asking why he had implicated so many innocent people.
That Xuan Yuan Guard had given her a very realistic answer.
"Possessing the Chiyou bloodline is a sin …"
At that time, she was still ignorant. Later, she understood that it was not a sin to possess the Chiyou bloodline, but a sin to be weak!
That war …
Almost all the people had been killed.
The Chiyou Guard that had guarded the ship had also paid a heavy price.
And Li Luoshui had survived under Elder Yuan's protection.
Although the Xuan Yuan Guard that had chased after the Li Clan had an absolute advantage in terms of strength …
But the remaining people, backed by the Divine Realm, were still able to block the Xuan Yuan Guard's pursuit.
Later, she met the young Luo Xiao.
Luo Xiao did not come from the Mother World, but was a divine citizen born in the Divine Realm.
She had never seen such a confident man, and had never seen someone with such monstrous talent.
Perhaps it was because she had seen countless clansmen turn into blood, but Li Luoshui had a natural admiration for the strong. It was also at that time that she fell in love with Luo Xiao …
When Luo Xiao found out that she was the so-called "Holy Clan" and learned some of the legends of the people, it aroused great interest.
Li Luoshui spoke tirelessly, and Luo Zheng was also enthralled.
"Since you've already blocked the Xuan Yuan Guard's pursuit, why is mother still hiding underground?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Just as mother had said, the Li Clan in the Divine Realm had indeed suffered heavy losses!
But even so, the surviving powerhouses should have absolute ruling power in the Divine Domain!
It was not up to these saints to rule the Divine Realm.
"Those Xuan Yuan Guards did not die. Elder Yuan activated the Divine Realm's Origin Seal." Li Luoshui laughed coldly. "But this resistance has never stopped, and has continued to this day! Your father wanted to help me, to help the Li Clan. He was a confident person to the bone, and at that time, he was in the limelight, and had a lot of influence in the Saint Hall! Even Dongfang Chunjun was on his side! "
"What? Even Dongfang Chunjun is on father's side? "Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
In Luo Zheng's mind, Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji were his father's mortal enemies, and they were also his mortal enemies!
Who would have thought that Dongfang Chunjun and his father were on the same side back then? It was simply unbelievable!
"Yes." Li Luoshui nodded.
Actually, this wasn't strange …
After the Li Clan was destroyed, the only thing they could hope for was to seek help from the living beings born in the Divine Realm.
These creatures had experienced countless Divine Epochs, and with the help of the resources in the Divine Realm, they had slowly become stronger. They had almost replaced the position of the Sacred Clan, which was the position of the common people.
They obtained Godhood, became True Gods, and cultivated to the peak. They became Saints through the Saint Mountain, entered the Sea of Time, and became a force that could not be underestimated.
"Then why did you …" Luo Zheng couldn't understand.
A helpless smile appeared on Li Luoshui's face. "The Origin Seal sealed the Xuanyuan Guards for countless Divine Epochs, but to them, it only takes time to break these seals, and time is worthless. As long as they are alive, the seal will be broken one day!"
"This is a hidden danger that must be eliminated." Luo Zheng nodded. "So my father wanted to kill those Xuanyuan Guards?"
In this way, there was indeed a reasonable explanation.
The Xuanyuan Guards that his mother spoke of were here to kill the common people.
If the sealed Xuanyuan Guards woke up, the entire Divine Realm would suffer in the end!
As the actual leader of the Saints, Dongfang Chunjun probably had to consider the Divine Realm. Luo Xiao's request naturally received the support of all the Saints.
After all, the Saints all saw themselves as the rulers of the Divine Realm. How could they tolerate such a huge hidden danger in the Divine Realm?
"Yes," Li Luoshui continued. "But in the end, there was a big problem. Dongfang Chunjun changed sides at the last minute."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
He knew the result. His father was killed by Dongfang Chunjun, and he relied on the Universe of Expansion to prolong his life.
But Dongfang Chunjun should have no reason to do so!
An unnatural expression appeared on Li Luoshui's face … Luo Zheng frowned, wanting to get an answer from his mother.
In the end, she said in a low voice, "Because … of me."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng looked at his mother's youthful appearance and was silent for a long time. He seemed to understand something.
Dongfang Chunjun was an extremely conceited person.
In the entire Divine Realm, the Dongfang family was the largest clan.
Before Dongfang Chunjun, the Dongfang family occupied the Fusang Divine Tree and had already given birth to a Saint and several Quasi-Saints.
However, at that time, the Dongfang family had yet to occupy a dominant position in the Divine Realm.
It was not until Dongfang Chunjun appeared that the Dongfang family entered the Sea of Time.
Later, after Dongfang Chunjun established the Saints single-handedly, he joined forces with other wealthy families and became even more influential!
Even when Luo Xiao appeared out of nowhere and led the Luo family, an unknown family, into the Sea of Time, it did not cause any dissatisfaction from Dongfang Chunjun.
Although there were disputes between these wealthy families and some conflicts of interest, such as the distribution of Shenwu coins or disputes over family territories, there was not much hatred between them.
At that time, the Saints were still very harmonious. After all, the Saints were already standing at the peak of this world and had an unlimited lifespan.
They had plenty of time to study Sanskrit, explore the unknown chaotic world, and explore the various forbidden areas …
As for women …
For the Saints who had an unlimited lifespan, there were all kinds of beauties. Some were dignified, some were charming, and some were pure. They could be said to be as many as they wanted.
Not to mention 3,000 beauties in the harem, if they were interested, 30,000 or 300,000 would not be a problem.
Therefore, it was hard to imagine that two Saints would fight over a woman.
However, the appearance of Li Luoshui attracted Dongfang Chunjun.
No matter how one looked at it, Li Luoshui was a unique existence in the Divine Realm.
Luo Zheng never thought that the conflict between his father and Dongfang Chunjun was caused by his mother.
At that time, Dongfang Chunjun did not show it. He only watched coldly as Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao became a couple.
It was only when they were about to join forces to kill the sealed Xuan Yuan Guards that Dongfang Chunjun attacked Luo Xiao. Not only did he injure Luo Xiao, he even opened one of the seals and released a Xuan Yuan Guard!
Li Luoshui was also injured at that time and lost her physical body.
Until now, her physical body could only be replaced by a "spirit crow".
"In other words, after Dongfang Chunjun defected, he directly turned to the Xuan Yuan Guards?" Luo Zheng frowned. "But Mother said that the goal of the Xuan Yuan Guards is to kill all the people and destroy the Divine Realm. This is not good for Dongfang Chunjun, right?"
"What if the Xuan Yuan Guards promised him great benefits? Sacrificing a Divine Realm, he can climb higher and finally even go to the mother world? "Li Luoshui said indifferently." He's already crazy. "
In fact, there was one more thing she did not say.

Chapter 2078
Luo Zheng was rather emotional when he heard about the grievances of the previous generation from his mother.
If those Sages had joined forces and killed the Xuanyuan Wei, everyone would have been happy!
He did not expect that the entire situation would end up in the worst direction because of a woman.
No wonder they said that women were the source of trouble …
However, he could not blame his mother for this.
After all, Dongfang Chunjun's ambition was not only directed at his mother. He did not even want to be restrained on this ship.
"What about the Xuanyuan Wei released by Dongfang Chunjun?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Whether it was the Chiyou Wei or the Xuanyuan Wei, they should both be Nirvana Realm powerhouses. They were probably on the same level as Elder Yuan.
Such a powerhouse had never appeared in the Divine Territory before. This did not make sense.
With Dongfang Chunjun's character, he would have destroyed the Sword Clan and the Xuanyue Clan long ago with such powerful help. Then, he would have unified the Divine Territory. How could he tolerate the existence of these independent wealthy families?
"He's hidden himself." Li Luoshui's eyes flashed with a profound light. "I hid deep underground precisely because I wanted to avoid the pursuit of that Xuan Yuan Guard. That time, the Xuan Yuan Guard had also sneaked underground to pursue me, but I repelled him."
"Mother's strength is equivalent to the Xuanyuan Wei?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
Although Li Luoshui's strength was extremely powerful and could kill a demon like Tu 'e in an instant.
However, there should be a big gap between her and the Xuanyuan Wei's strength …
"Mother relied on the spirit crows and fiends to defeat him. Moreover, the Xuanyuan Wei and the Chiyou Wei are the same. They are both Xuanyuan Wei, but the difference in strength between them is very big. The Xuanyuan Wei released by Dongfang Chunjun was the weakest one," Li Luoshui explained.
"I see." Luo Zheng roughly understood.
The monsters hidden in the rocks deep underground were indeed very powerful and could protect his mother.
"That Xuanyuan Wei might not be able to do anything to Mother, but he can kill the other Sages. Wouldn't it be better if only Dongfang Chunjun's wealthy family was left? Or that Xuanyuan Wei could completely control the forbidden area with his own strength … "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Although my Li Clan's people have all perished, not all of them are dead. We still have the power to fight!" Li Luoshui said indifferently, "Moreover, before your father left, he told me that he had already arranged everything and asked me to wait for his return!"
At the mention of Luo Xiao, her eyes glowed.
Looking at his mother's expression, Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. Although his mother was very dissatisfied with his father's arrangement, she still trusted him very much.
"However, it wasn't until I saw Luo Zheng today that I realized that your father's true ambition isn't just to pacify the crisis in the Domain of the Gods." Li Luoshui beat around the bush and finally shifted the topic to Luo Zheng.
"I don't understand." Luo Zheng blinked.
Li Luoshui smiled and said, "When I was born, the Li Min Clan had already fallen into decline. However, they were still one of the most powerful clans in the Mother World. Among the millions of Li Min Clan members, there were not many who could condense a Brahma Domain before stepping into the Nirvana Realm. Even if there were, they would only condense a Ten Brahma Domain, a Hundred Brahma Domain, and only ten people would condense a Thousand Brahma Domain."
"Only ten people?"
Without a comparison, Luo Zheng did not know what this meant.
Li Luoshui smiled slightly. "Yes, the first among these ten people is the leader of our Li Min Clan, Chi You. The other nine people are the leaders of the nine tribes of the Li Clan!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Chi You was the person who taught Hua Tianming the "Sword of Beginning". He was also the shadow that Luo Zheng had seen in the Temple of Time. He was the peerless expert who created this world and built this ship!
"I think your father created you by accident … However, even with Gu Bei's half-baked" Primal Chaos Secret Technique ", no matter how high your talent is, you can only create a small Domain of the Gods. It's absolutely impossible for you to create a Thousand Brahma Domain!" Li Luoshui said.
The "Primal Chaos Secret Technique" did have its merits. It cultivated the Primal Chaos, and even the Inner World created was in the Primal Chaos.
However, the Sanskrit characters in Luo Zheng's Inner World could not have appeared out of thin air …
In the universe, Luo Zheng guided Luo Xiao's spirit into his Inner World to observe the 1,080 Sanskrit characters. Luo Xiao's face was full of disbelief. Luo Zheng was cultivating the "Primal Chaos Secret Technique". How could these 1,080 Sanskrit characters appear out of thin air?
"Think about it carefully. Your grandfather's bloodline is not completely revealed in me. It should be passed on to you," Li Luoshui said as she stared at Luo Zheng.
"Grandfather?" Luo Zheng was stunned again. "Who is my grandfather?"
Li Luoshui smiled slightly. "I am Chi You's daughter, Luoshui. You are Luoshui's son, Luo Zheng. Who do you think your grandfather is?"
"…"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng fell silent again.
He never thought that his background would be so complicated …
Every time he thought that he understood the truth and understood everything, the truth was once again greatly beyond his expectations.
When he was in the universe, he suddenly discovered that his father was the master of the universe.
When he arrived at the Divine Realm, he discovered that his grandfather had constructed the Divine Realm.
This was a bit too …
Seeing Luo Zheng remain silent for a long time, Li Luoshui suddenly stepped forward and held Luo Zheng's face. "Although father told me before we fled that this ship carried the hope of the people, I knew very well that the people who lost the support of their Mother World had no way out!"
"Until I saw you, Zheng 'er, I still thought so. The only thing that kept me alive was to see your father again!"
"But now I understand father's meaning."
"He did let me see hope."
"That is you, Zheng 'er!"
Li Luoshui's light voice trembled slightly. It could be seen that her mood was surging with excitement.
At this moment …
Luo Zheng's state of mind also underwent subtle changes.
An incomparably blazing flame was ignited in his heart, burning away all the pressure he was under!
He was willing to press forward for the woman in front of him.
Luo Zheng stared at Li Luoshui with incomparably firm eyes and replied: "Mother, I won't let you down."
Li Luoshui nodded, smiling very peacefully.
Just then, a voice suddenly came between the two of them. "Mother, Yan 'er won't let you down either!"
Luo Yan had unexpectedly woken up.
"Yan 'er, you were eavesdropping …" Luo Zheng helplessly curled his lips.
Li Luoshui smiled, "Actually, I already knew that she was awake."
Luo Yan made a naughty face, turned over and hugged Li Luoshui tightly.

Chapter 2079
Compared to Luo Zheng's complicated thoughts, Luo Yan was much simpler.
There seemed to be no unfamiliarity between her and Li Luoshui. They were much more intimate than Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng still had some doubts about Luo Yan.
His mother said that he and Luo Yan were indeed siblings, but their bloodlines were different. This puzzled him.
However, from the unique shape and powerful phantom Luo Yan had shown, it seemed that his mother had also mastered it.
Perhaps the bloodline problem came from this.
Luo Zheng did not pursue the matter.
He already knew enough.
The three of them arrived at the bottom of the green stone tablet.
Nan Longhua was still hiding in a daze. Seeing the fear on Li Luoshui's face, she very consciously retreated to the other side.
Li Luoshui walked to the green stone tablet and gently stroked it with her finger for a while …
"Hum —"
The Sanskrit characters on the green stone tablet began to flicker with a faint color.
"Rumble …"
Then, it began to shake violently.
At the same time, Li Luoshui said, "Because Father did not travel with this ship, the Divine Realm actually has no controller."
Chiyou opened up this world and built it into a ship that traveled far in the Chaos. However, he did not travel with it. He remained in the Mother World, leading his remaining tribe in a final struggle.
Of course, Li Luoshui called the Divine Realm a ship, but that was only a description. After all, the Divine Realm was a detailed world.
In order for the people to cultivate better, Chiyou integrated his lifetime of cultivation into the Divine Realm.
Because he lacked a controller to manage the Divine Realm, he left behind one blank stone tablet after another …
These stone tablets were all blank at first.
The people used Shenwu coins to write rules on the stone tablets and set the rules.
In fact, this was a way to exercise the controller's authority.
If not for the Xuanyuan Guard chasing after them, the entire Divine Realm would have been the Sacred Clan's, the people's world!
These Divine Realm citizens would not have been born, nor would there be these rich and powerful families. All the Saints would be geniuses among the people.
"However, Father did not release the authority to control this ship. Instead, he gave it to the most loyal Elder Yuan," Li Luoshui added.
"So Mr. Yuan is the captain," Luo Zheng replied.
"Yes." Li Luoshui nodded.
"Is Mr. Yuan still alive?" Luo Zheng asked.
Even a dead Nirvana Realm powerhouse could emit such a powerful True Meaning of the Dao. This made Luo Zheng somewhat suspicious, which was why he asked this question.
"No," Li Luoshui replied.
Luo Zheng asked doubtfully, "Since Senior Yuan is not dead, why didn't he save the God Domain?"
His mother said that Elder Yuan was the most loyal. He couldn't just watch the God Domain fall, could he?
"Although he didn't die, in his current state, he is no longer able to control the direction of this ship. Thus, he needs to be handed over to the next person," Li Luoshui said.
This was the inheritance of the Land of Dao Struggle. This was what Yu Taibai wanted to do first.
If the Divine Realm was allowed to fall like this, everyone would die with it. Therefore, the first step was to change the trajectory of the ship.
Of course, Elder Yuan was aware of it as well.
He had squeezed out almost all of his life's ability to construct the Land of Dao Struggle and select a person who could accept his inheritance.
However, so many Divine Epochs had passed and a suitable candidate had yet to appear. Elder Yuan had been hesitating all this time.
In fact, he had fallen into the same pessimistic state as Li Luoshui …
In Elder Yuan's eyes, Li Min's tribe was already finished. Any struggle was meaningless.
It could be said that if Li Luoshui had not coincidentally summoned the Land of Dao Struggle, it would have been very difficult for this Dao Struggle to come to an end.
"Crack …"
The green stone tablet trembled continuously. Finally, a crack appeared in the middle.
Then, Li Luoshui extended her slender finger and lightly tapped the crack on the green stone tablet …
"Crash …"
The thousand-foot-tall stone tablet immediately fell to the sides.
At the center of the stele, an oil paper umbrella appeared.
"The Green Parasol. This is the inheritance of the Land of Dao Struggle," Li Luoshui said.
The moment the oil-paper umbrella appeared, the gazes of the Sword Mastiff, Soybean, and the others immediately gathered.
They did not expect that the most crucial item of the Land of Dao Struggle would be hidden inside the green stone tablet …
"This is what our Sword Tribe has been trying to obtain for countless years!"
"I didn't expect it to be in the middle of the stone tablet!"
"If I had known, I would have opened the stone tablet directly …"
Hearing this, Li Luoshui only said to Luo Zheng indifferently, "You can't open this stone tablet by yourselves. Zheng 'er, go and take the Green Parasol."
"Yes!"
Luo Zheng nodded.
The Green Parasol floated three hundred feet in the air.
Although Luo Zheng could not fly, he leaped up and grabbed it with his hand. He easily took it down.
"You can change the direction of the Divine Realm with this parasol?" Luo Zheng had a strange expression.
There did not seem to be anything special about this parasol.
"It's not what you think." Li Luoshui smiled faintly, "Open this parasol first."
At his mother's suggestion, Luo Zheng opened the parasol.
"Fuse!"
The moment the parasol opened, a golden light shield appeared around Luo Zheng.
This light shield seemed to be a kind of boundary, but Luo Zheng did not feel that it was very strong.
"The Green Sun Boundary of the Green Parasol can protect you from being burned by the sun's fire," Li Luoshui said.
"This light shield can resist the sun's fire …" Luo Zheng was shocked.
There was a huge sun hanging in the Divine Realm.
This sun rose from the Fusang Divine Tree and disappeared from the edge of the Wood Realm.
No matter how many Divine Epochs passed, there was never an exception.
This huge fireball could burn all things. Even Saints did not dare to get too close to it. It could be seen that the power contained in the sun was extremely terrifying.
This small oil-paper umbrella was actually able to block it.
"This umbrella can take you into the sun. In the Sky Wheel Palace, you are the new captain of the Divine Realm. You can change the direction of the ship," Li Luoshui said.
"Into the sun …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
"Brother is going to be roasted!" Luo Yan laughed.
Li Luoshui guessed what Luo Zheng was thinking. She continued, "Even if you practice the Sovereign Tool Refining Method and forge your body, making it impervious to Strange Fire and unable to withstand the sun's temperature, you will be safe as long as you take this parasol. You can use this special parasol as a key. But before that, I have to take you to see Elder Yuan. "

Chapter 2080
Jian Ao, Yellow Bean Eye, Nan Longhua and the others nodded.
Although they had gained nothing from entering the Dao Battle, they had still survived.
Especially Jian Ao and the other 11 disciples of the Sword Clan. They were considered lucky to have picked up a second life.
Most importantly, they had completed an arduous mission.
Regardless of whether it was Jian Ao or the other disciples of the Sword Clan, they were bound to be rewarded and placed in important positions within the Sword Clan.
"In that case, we will take our leave." Jian Ao cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and Luo Yan.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
Thus, Jian Ao led the group into the depths of the fog.
After they left, Li Luoshui looked at her children. Her three hundred meter long black hair began to sway.
Soon, the hair wrapped around Luo Yan and Luo Zheng.
"Let me bring you over …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng felt those strands of hair wrap around him.
Soon after, he was lifted off the ground and dragged through the air, speeding forward.
Li Luoshui's ridiculously long hair emitted a fragrance.
This smell was very unfamiliar to Luo Zheng. However, there was a sense of closeness to it, causing him to enter a state of tranquility.
Perhaps this was the unique feeling of closeness in the bloodline …
Inside the Sword Transformation Divine City.
Yu Taibai, Jian Leiting and Jian Wuhen watched as Li Luoshui brought Luo Zheng and Luo Yan into the fog. Their faces were filled with joy.
The range of the Eye of Insight was limited. Once they left the range of the Eye of Insight, they naturally couldn't be tracked.
"I didn't expect that umbrella to be inside the Dao Battle and not on the other side of the iron chain bridge. We were misled …" Jian Wuhen smiled.
Jian Leiting nodded. "Now that Luo Zheng has obtained the Azure Parasol, can Taibai smoothly proceed to the next step?"
Back when they explored the Dao Battle, their goal was to reach the end of the Dao Battle and pass through the iron chain bridge. However, they never succeeded.
Yu Taibai grunted. "Let's wait for Luo Zheng to come out …"
Although the three of them did not participate in the Dao Battle, they were even more nervous than if they had participated in it themselves.
This was especially true for Yu Taibai. When he saw Demon Tue, it could be said that his mood had hit rock bottom.
Because he simply couldn't think of any way to break out of this situation.
But in the midst of all the impossibilities, the most unlikely turning point suddenly appeared. Master's wife suddenly appeared.
At that moment, even someone as calm as Yu Taibai couldn't help but want to shout out loud.
It was simply a miracle.
Looking at it now, Master's wife probably wanted to obtain some benefits from the Nirvana Realm expert …
They flew in the thick fog for the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
Through the fine hair, Luo Zheng could see a huge chain in front of him!
It was a gigantic iron chain bridge!
Li Luoshui's figure did not stop at all. In an instant, she passed through the iron chain bridge and entered the cave.
"Phew …"
Soon, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan fell into the deep well.
"Ah, a skeleton …"
Luo Yan saw a skeleton sitting in the middle of the deep well. She instantly became nervous and couldn't help but grab Luo Zheng's hand.
"Don't be afraid," Li Luoshui comforted.
The skeleton let out a strange "laugh". A pair of empty eye sockets even emitted a faint yellow light. At the same time, it said, "Little girl, this old man has been like this for countless years. What you have more than this old man is just a set of flesh and skin."
Seeing this scene, Luo Yan became even more nervous. She grabbed Luo Zheng's hand tightly.
Li Luoshui's face revealed some resentment. "Elder Yuan, although you've been cursed by the corrosive flesh and blood, you should be able to condense a body in a short time, right?"
"Fine." The skeleton nodded.
Then, the faint yellow light surrounded his body and began to fluctuate.
Meridians formed on his bones. Within his ribs, his internal organs were continuously formed and connected. Then, the white bones grew flesh and skin …
In the time of ten breaths.
The skeleton had already disappeared. Instead, it was replaced by an old man with a face full of wrinkles.
This appearance was naturally much more pleasing to the eye.
Elder Yuan opened his mouth and said, "When this old man first moved here, I had to condense this body of flesh and blood every day. However, due to the corrosive flesh and blood curse, this body of flesh and blood would crack and rot within a few days. It would rot away completely amidst the stench … Every time it rotted, this old man would condense it again. This pain is very difficult for ordinary people to endure, but I've experienced it over and over again millions of times!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help but suck in a breath of cold air. This corrosive flesh and blood curse was really too vicious.
"Later, I understood that this body of flesh and blood is nothing more than a fence in the eyes of the secular world. Although I'm just a skeleton, it's still better than the thousands of walking corpses in the world. My body of bones is actually refreshing and free!" Elder Yuan said faintly, his face free and easy.
"So, sorry …" Luo Yan thought that her behavior had caused Elder Yuan's dissatisfaction.
Who knew that Elder Yuan would wave his hand and say, "That's what this old man said, but it's impolite to turn into a skeleton to welcome guests. This old man should be the one apologizing."
"Elder Yuan's heart is clear. There are countless heroes in the past and present, but there aren't many who can see through this." Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
Elder Yuan stared at Luo Zheng and smiled. He turned to Li Luoshui and said, "Luoshui, Luo Xiao's son speaks much better than his father!"
Li Luoshui smiled and said, "Elder Yuan, did you hear the words between me and Luo Zheng in the Dao Battle Ground?"
"What did you say? I didn't hear anything … "Old Yuan shook his head like a rattle-drum. It was probably because the bones in his body were old and rotten that his head made cracking sounds when he shook it.
"Is Elder Yuan pretending to be stupid?" Li Luoshui wasn't happy.
Noticing Li Luoshui's expression, Elder Yuan showed a helpless expression. "My inheritance is only the Azure Parasol! Since you have it, you can leave. I have a shortcut here. Do you want me to send you on your way? "
"We've already reached this point. You really don't want to face it?" Li Luoshui stared at Elder Yuan and asked.
Elder Yuan was silent for a while and said, "Qianfan Yu … this old man is really jealous! But even so, the odds of victory aren't great. "
"You've cultivated your heart so thoroughly, but you've lost your obsession and courage. What's the use of that!" Li Luoshui coldly scolded.
Hearing their mother scold someone, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan felt a bit strange.
Elder Yuan looked at Luo Zheng and then at Luo Yan and smiled bitterly. "This old man's inheritance is only so much. Luoshui, if you want anything, just say it!"
Li Luoshui showed a triumphant expression and looked behind Elder Yuan with a smile.
There was a long bronze sword stuck in the ground.

Chapter 2081
Elder Yuan noticed the look in Li Luoshui's eyes and was shocked. He turned around and hugged the ancient sword as if he was hugging a child.
"Tengshe's sword is in Luo Xiao's hands! You actually have designs on this Old Man's sword! "Elder Yuan shouted.
Li Luoshui showed an innocent expression. "I didn't say I wanted your sword."
Elder Yuan's expression relaxed when he heard Li Luoshui's words.
However, Li Luoshui's next sentence made him nervous again. "However, the Chengying sword is compatible with A Thought of Good and Evil. If you pass on A Thought of Good and Evil to Zheng 'er and give this sword to him, it would be a perfect match …"
"Perfect match my ass! Just don't have any designs on my sword! "
Li Luoshui still had designs on the sword. Elder Yuan didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Hearing the conversation between their mother and Elder Yuan, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan looked at each other helplessly. At this stage, they couldn't get a word in and couldn't say anything.
Li Luoshui suddenly said seriously, "Elder Yuan, have you never thought that we will return to the mother world one day?"
"Of course! Of course I do … "Elder Yuan rolled his eyes.
To ordinary people, the divine territory was abnormally huge. It was a complete world.
Many True Gods didn't care about the Outer Realms or the Primal Chaos. They only knew about the Divine Realm, and even knew about the countless large and small Divine Cities in the Divine Realm. This was the place where they lived.
Even many Sages thought so. They weren't interested in the chaos.
However, Elder Yuan and Li Luoshui came from the mother world.
They knew that the mother world was the center of the chaos. Although the divine territory was carefully constructed by Chi You and formed a complete circular world that could give birth to many incredible creatures, so what? No matter how perfect it was, it was just a boat …
Elder Yuan dreamt of returning to the mother world one day.
He even regretted that he shouldn't have boarded this boat. Dying in the mother world was better than dying here!
"Father said that hope would be born one day on this boat," Li Luoshui said.
"Then hope should be born among the common people! And the common people were all killed! "Elder Yuan refuted.
Countless common people were the descendants of the nine tribes of the Li Clan. They more or less had Chi You's bloodline. Passing it down from generation to generation, there was indeed hope that someone with the purest Chi You bloodline would be born. They would continue to grow in the depths of the chaos and perhaps shoulder the heavy responsibility of reforming the Li Clan.
This was a good idea. Even if the Li clan in the mother world were all killed, the divine territory's's eyes's hope would be preserved.
However, the pursuers sent by the Dihong Clan had completely wiped out their hopes!
The saints, who were also the common people, had been completely annihilated!
All these years, Elder Yuan had been in despair …
Although he had opened the Land of Dao Struggle, it was only a desperate attempt. He just didn't want to see the Divine Realm fall.
As for returning to the mother world's?
He knew that day's's's'.
Li's, Li's's's's's's's's's's's's
Li's' '''s's's's....
Luo Zheng had a pure Chiyou bloodline. From the moment Luo Zheng came into contact with Ruo Mu, Elder Yuan had already noticed it.
But so what if's's'?
Elder Yuan once had's' too …
"He, he can only be considered half a common person, right? After all, his father's' not from the Li Clan! "Elder Yuan retorted.
These words were somewhat unreasonable.
Li Luoshui stared at Elder Yuan in a daze for a while. Her face darkened. "This ship originally carried the Li Clan's' 'hope, but now you're choosing to ignore it. It was a mistake for father to choose you as the captain!"
She turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Zheng 'er, Yan' er, let's go! There's no need to beg this guy! "
As she spoke, her long hair fluttered and wrapped around Luo Zheng and Luo Yan. She was about to take them away.
Elder Yuan's heart stirred. He reached out and pressed down. An invisible force came down from above the well and stopped Li Luoshui.
"Perhaps you're right …" Elder Yuan said bitterly. "The leader chose the wrong person. My's' 'is' is' indeed 'not strong enough. But the Li Clan's' 'so many young talents, our nine leaders, and the hundred thousand Chi You Guards … they've all been defeated! How can I trust a Lower True God? "
"He hasn't stepped into the Nirvana Realm, but he has Qianfan Territory!" Li Luoshui reiterated.
"So what! Can Qianfan Territory compare to one of our Li Clan's tribes? Luoshui … when you left the mother world, you were still very young. You spent most of your time in the Divine Realm. You don't know what kind of existence the mother world is. Some of the evildoers are beyond your imagination! "Elder Yuan said lightly.
Li Luoshui was silent.
She really didn't have much say in the mother world.
"However, as long as there's a glimmer of hope, even if it's one in a billion, we have to try and fight for it." Elder Yuan suddenly said lightly. "In this aspect, I'm not as good as you, and I'm also not as good as that reckless Luo Xiao!"
After Elder Yuan finished speaking, he looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. "When your mother gave the Tengshe Sword to Luo Xiao, I was strongly against it. I wanted to see what kind of tricks Luo Xiao would play with the Tengshe Sword! I didn't expect that today, the Chengying Sword, which has followed me through all my battles, can't be kept! "
After saying that, he grasped the bronze longsword in his hand.
The moment his five fingers grasped the sword hilt, his entire aura underwent a shocking change.
He was like a withered tree that had suddenly sprouted a fresh green bud one day. The rotten aura around him had completely disappeared.
Just as he slowly raised the Chengying Sword, the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought in the Land of Dao Battle also underwent a change …
At the same time, the entire Ruo Mu underwent a drastic change!
The aura that shrouded the entire Land of Dao Battle also underwent a clear change!
In Sword God City …
Some upper True Gods raised their heads and looked in the direction of Ruo Mu in the west.
"What's wrong? Why did the aura that was suppressing us change? "
"What a strong will!"
"What's wrong with the Sword Clan?"
Even within the Sword Clan, very few people knew the truth about the Land of Dao Battle.
Many True Gods even thought that the Land of Dao Battle was set up by the Sword Clan.
Mo Po 'er stood on top of the city tower, looking at the huge Ruo Mu tree in the distance. Her eyes were filled with confusion. This was too abnormal.
"Hum …"
Beside her, Mo Dian's face was also filled with shock. "The aura in the Land of Dao Battle has lost its effect! It's no longer suppressing the evil in its heart! What's wrong with Ruo Mu? "
Even Mo Dian thought that the Land of Dao Battle was formed because of Ruo Mu.
And for countless God Epochs, the Land of Dao Battle had never lost its effect, not even for a breath's time.

Chapter 2082
In a palace somewhere in Sword Transformation Divine City.
Mu Xuerong paced back and forth on the steps, not stopping for even a moment.
She cultivated the Killing God Dao, so the killing intent in her heart was naturally born, so she often gave off a murderous aura.
However, after coming to the Dao Battle, she was affected by the true meaning of benevolence, so she was unable to gather her killing intent.
Mu Xuerong hated this feeling. It made her restless.
"Can … can you sit down?"
Fang Henshao asked helplessly. Mu Xuerong's pacing was annoying him.
They had sent their True Gods into the Dao Battle, but they didn't have any effective methods to investigate the situation inside, so they could only wait here.
They didn't know what was happening inside, so they naturally felt anxious.
"I wonder if Mu Xian and the others succeeded? It's probably too difficult to kill that brat Luo Zheng. "Mu Xuerong ignored Fang Henshao and sighed.
Tang Wan sneered, "Although we've halved the number of people we sent, those True Gods are all peak Upper True Gods. Isn't it more than enough to kill a Lower True God like Luo Zheng?"
"Hmph, you make it sound so simple. It's not like there's no chance in the Sea of Time. Which one of you can kill Luo Zheng?" Mu Xuerong stared at Tang Wan and asked, "Have you forgotten the humiliation you suffered in the Imperial Jade Seal so quickly?"
Back then, in the Imperial Jade Seal, the lives of so many Perfection Stage Sovereigns were handed over to Luo Zheng.
Hearing Mu Xuerong's words, Tang Wan fell silent.
Dongfang Taiqing sat on a chair at the side, his metallic hands holding two round golden Buddha beads. The two Buddha beads spun around in his hands, emitting a faint glow every time they collided.
Dongfang Taiqing slowly said, "Don't worry. In the Dao Battle, the Luo siblings will definitely die!"
Mu Xuerong's face revealed a trace of doubt. Dongfang Taiqing had always been steady. If he said that, then he must be 90% certain. "Why are you so sure?"
Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and the other Perfection Stage Sovereigns all looked at Dongfang Taiqing.
Dongfang Taiqing smiled, "Because Dongfang Gui will summon the strongest Fear Incarnation …"
"The strongest Fear Incarnation? What is it? "Mu Xuerong hastily asked.
"As you all know, Dongfang Gui has not been on the floating island for the past few years. His points in the Arena of the Gods have all been reset to zero," Dongfang Tai said calmly.
Dongfang Gui's reputation on the floating island had been resounding. Among the Upper True Gods, he had been ranked first. He was known as the genius most qualified to step into Great Perfection.
Therefore, Mu Xuerong and the others were still paying close attention.
However, this guy suddenly disappeared a few years ago. The Dongfang family announced to the public that he was in seclusion.
"Isn't he in seclusion? Why isn't he on the floating island? "Mu Xuerong asked curiously.
A smile appeared on Dongfang Taiqing's face. "He didn't go into seclusion. Instead, he entered the Abyssal Demon Domain."
"Enter the Abyssal Devil Domain? He's alone? "Fang Henshao was also baffled.
Normally, the Dongfang Family would gather the experts of the Wealthy Alliance to enter a forbidden area like the Abyss Devil Domain.
Even for the first and second levels, only a few Paragons and Upper True Gods were qualified to challenge them.
"No, a few of our Dongfang Family's Secondary Sages will accompany him," Dongfang Taiqing said.
This made the other Paragons even more confused. A few Secondary Sages accompanying an Upper True God into the Abyssal Demon Domain?
Secondary Sages were powerful and would definitely advance to the lowest levels of the Abyssal Demon Domain. This Dongfang Gui was practically useless. He would even become a burden at a critical moment.
While Tang Wan, Fang Henshao, and the others were still confused, Mu Xuerong had already figured it out. Her round eyes widened as she glared at Dongfang Taiqing and said angrily, "If that's the case, why did you make our Mu Family send three elites to their deaths?"
"What do you mean?" Tang Wan was still in a daze.
Among this group of Paragons, Tang Wan's brain was probably the worst.
"In other words, Dongfang Gui will summon an unsolvable fear," Fang Henshao said calmly.
"Yes, it's that demon called Tu 'e," Dongfang Taiqing said.
"Demon!"
Hearing this, anger appeared on Tang Wan's face. "Then Tang Jie, Tang Xu, and the others won't be able to come back!"
Even these Paragons would find it difficult to deal with the Great Demons in the Abyssal Demon Domain. If that was the case, everyone who entered the Dao Battle would undoubtedly die …
The other Paragons didn't look too good.
Those who could enter the Dao Battle were the elites of the various large clans. These elites had the potential to become Paragons in the future and could be considered seeds that were carefully nurtured.
It was too much to send them to their deaths like this.
"Since your Dongfang Family had such a plan, why didn't you inform us?" a Paragon complained.
At the very least, they could have replaced them with a few scapegoats.
Dongfang Taiqing replied unhurriedly, "If you were an ordinary True God, are you afraid that the Sword Race and the others wouldn't be able to tell? Either we don't act at all, or we act to the fullest! Mu Xuerong, isn't your greatest goal to kill Luo Zheng? After two years, that brat will probably be even more difficult to deal with! You can't even deal with that brat, so how can Mu Xian and the others succeed? "
Mu Xuerong fell silent.
That brat Luo Zheng was indeed a lucky person. She had a strong premonition that it would be very difficult to kill him.
In the Sea of Time, Mu Xuerong had repeatedly tried to kill that brat, but he had escaped death several times.
The Dongfang Family's method was probably the safest method.
"This time, as long as the Luo Family can't obtain the inheritance of the Dao Battle, we won't have any more worries. This sacrifice is worth it," Dongfang Taiqing said.
However, as soon as he finished speaking, a unique aura spread out from Ruo Mu.
His calm eyes revealed a trace of bewilderment.
Hum …
At this moment, Mu Xuerong seemed to have been liberated. Her killing intent soared as she said, "Has the true intent of the Dao been dispelled?"
"No." Dongfang Taiqing shook his head. "The true intent of the Dao has been refined. The true intent of good and evil in a single thought … The captain has made a move!"
"What, what does this mean?" Tang Wan asked in confusion.
Dongfang Taiqing's expression was very unsightly. "If they didn't pass through the Dao Battle, then the captain shouldn't have made a move …"
Dongfang Taiqing's understanding of the Dao Battle was similar to that of the Sword Tribe. He knew that the Dao Battle was controlled by that Paramita realm cultivator, but he didn't know the specifics.
"You mean, someone has obtained the inheritance of the Dao Battle? Is it one of us? "Mu Xuerong asked with concern.
Dongfang Taiqing shook his head. "I'm not sure yet. We can only wait for them to come out."
Even Dongfang Taiqing couldn't sit still anymore.
His goal was very simple. He didn't want anyone to obtain the inheritance of the Dao Battle.
This result would have a huge impact on the Dongfang Family's next step …
Logically speaking, the Dongfang Family had gone to great lengths to establish a demon in the Dao Battle. This shouldn't have happened.

Chapter 2083
"This is the aura of a true Nirvana Realm powerhouse!"
Luo Zheng stared at Elder Yuan in a daze.
Facing such a powerhouse, it was as if a single glance from him could consign him to eternal damnation.
Elder Yuan raised the long sword, slowly leveled it, and pointed the tip of the sword at Luo Zheng.
"Let's not talk about the powerhouses in the Mother World, just some hidden powerhouses in the Divine Realm are stronger than me! Do you have the courage to fight against them? Or, do you have the courage to fight against me? "
The aura of One Thought of Good and Evil instantly covered Luo Zheng's body.
Normally, when a True God's aura was strong, it could make people feel that the aura was substantial.
However, Elder Yuan's aura was real and solid.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to be wrapped in a layer of water. Although this layer of water was soft, it contained a shocking power!
In an instant, he seemed to have sunk into winter, and in the next moment, he seemed to have sunk into raging flames.
These two completely different feelings alternated, constantly destroying Luo Zheng.
This was a test …
From Elder Yuan's expression, he was extremely unwilling to give the "Shadow Bearing" sword to him.
Even if his mother was Chiyou's daughter, he was still unwilling.
Elder Yuan still wanted to verify something from him.
Facing this powerful aura, Luo Zheng also found it difficult to resist!
His face quickly turned pale, and his soul was constantly trembling. Even his state of mind was shaken!
Li Luoshui and Luo Yan's expressions were not good, especially Luo Yan.
"Mother, brother is only a Lower True God. Although his soul is not weaker than mine, he can't resist this aura," Luo Yan said anxiously.
Under Li Luoshui's protection, she naturally did not have to face this aura.
Li Luoshui frowned and did not say a word.
Although she could help Luo Zheng make these requests, she knew that there were some difficulties that Luo Zheng had to face himself.
If Luo Zheng could not even pass this small test, Li Luoshui's help would be meaningless!
After all, this was a world where strength was respected.
No matter how big the opportunity was, how big the backer was, how big the foundation was, they were all just additional support.
Step by step, one had to rely on one's own strength!
Therefore, Li Luoshui hardened her heart and did not care about Luo Yan's worries. She only silently said in her heart, "Zheng 'er …"
"This person … is too strong!"
"No wonder he didn't take the Saints seriously. His strength is indeed a level higher than the Saints'!"
"But, I can endure it!"
"The True Dao of Nature!"
Luo Zheng suddenly closed his eyes and began to silently circulate the Dao of Nature in his heart …
As a Nirvana Realm expert, Elder Yuan's comprehension towards the True Dao Intent was naturally not something that Luo Zheng could imagine.
After all, by using the True Meaning of Good and Evil, he had already crossed the sea of True Meaning and crossed over to the other shore.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng had yet to fully grasp the True Meaning of the Dao.
However, it was impossible for Elder Yuan to conjure up all the True Meaning of Dao to test Luo Zheng. He still had to act appropriately.
"The Dao of nature is about going with the flow, following the rules of the changes of all things …"
The True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought was essentially two kinds of auras that were constantly alternating. He just had to adapt according to the rhythm.
Luo Zheng had experienced this feeling once on the cyan stone tablet.
However, the pressure at that time was not as strong as it was now.
Of course, the two situations were different. On the cyan stone tablet, Luo Zheng's goal was to climb higher, but now, he only needed to resist.
"No, it's not resistance, it's adaptation …"
The momentum of the True Meaning of Good and Evil was like two completely different torrents, constantly washing over Luo Zheng.
As for Luo Zheng himself, he was also changing along with the changes of this torrent.
"Brother … Brother's momentum has become so unique!" Luo Yan stared at Luo Zheng and said in surprise.
Li Luoshui also looked at her son, her face full of surprise. "He can actually completely adapt in such a short period of time!"
If one didn't have the strength to resist the torrent, one had to learn to swim in it to avoid being submerged.
Luo Zheng was like a person who fell into the water. After fiddling with the water for a while, he naturally learned how to swim!
Soon …
Luo Zheng opened his eyes again.
He faced Old Yuan and then said, "I … have never lacked courage. In the universe, I have faced almighty Divine Sea Realm cultivators and Celestial Venerable Realm cultivators. Even in the God Realm, I have faced Saints. You may be very strong, but time will fill the gap between you and me, and I believe …"
"Believe what?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's powerful words, Old Yuan's old eyes faintly revealed a look of appreciation.
"I believe it won't take too long." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
As soon as he finished speaking, the momentum stopped abruptly.
Old Yuan looked at Li Luoshui with a smile. "It's really interesting. Luoshui, you are not the one who taught this child, but his heart is so strong. Luo Xiao … Good ability!"
Old Yuan had seen a lot of monstrous figures.
He had been in the Li Clan for much longer than Li Luoshui.
Even in the mother world, there were very few young talents with such a temperament.
Old Yuan flipped his hand and gently threw the bronze sword to Luo Zheng. "I want to know, how did your father make you grow up?"
Even Li Luoshui was very concerned about this question.
Although Luo Zheng and Luo Yan were both invited to the universe, Li Luoshui didn't know what happened in the universe.
She only guessed that Luo Xiao would definitely pile up all the resources on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the "Chengying Sword" in his hand and felt that it was incomparably heavy. The weight of this sword was comparable to the Great Thousand Heavy Sword!
He smiled faintly, his face showing that he had experienced many vicissitudes of life, but he didn't answer Old Yuan's question.
"Brother has experienced a lot …" Luo Yan looked at her brother. She could understand Luo Zheng's struggles the most.
After being brought to the divine realm by Yu Taibai and learning the truth, Luo Yan also felt that his father's methods were too excessive.
It could be said that he had used all means to continuously push Luo Zheng to the edge of life and death, squeezing every inch of his strength, every bit of his courage …
When Li Luoshui heard Luo Yan say that Luo Xiao had created a cruel family and made Luo Zheng suffer, her face didn't look too good. She said with dissatisfaction, "Husband is simply making trouble. How could he treat his own son like this!"
"Haha, this Luo Xiao is really ruthless!" Old Yuan also sighed. "After being tempered like this, Luo Zheng has a temperament that ordinary people can't compare to! Don't talk about those rich and powerful children in the divine realm. I'm afraid that even I can't compare to him in certain aspects. "
Temperament had nothing to do with strength.
The reason why Old Yuan was so slack was because his state of mind had changed. Having lost his confidence, he didn't have any hope. He passively watched as the divine realm fell into an unsalvageable abyss.

Chapter 2084
Elder Yuan gazed indifferently at the Chengying Sword in Luo Zheng's hand and said, "You seem to have cultivated ninety percent of the True Meaning of Nature, and your comprehension is excellent. However, this sword has been with me for many years and has already gained sentience. If you want to use it, you must understand the True Meaning of One Thought, Good and Evil!"
Luo Zheng nodded.
There was nothing special about this longsword in his hand, except that it was a little heavier. It looked like an ordinary longsword.
It should require One Thought, Good and Evil, to use.
He bowed to Elder Yuan and said, "I hope Elder Yuan can give me some pointers."
"It's not pointers. The True Meaning of Dao is comprehended by the individual. How much you can comprehend depends entirely on your own experience. The True Meaning of Nature pursues nature and can be compatible with almost any cultivation technique. However, One Thought, Good and Evil, is different!"
As Elder Yuan spoke, he pointed in the air.
The scenery around the deep well began to change ….
Streaks of time rapidly intertwined on the walls of the well, and densely packed words appeared on the walls.
"One Thought, Evil, Enemies of All Living Beings. One Thought, Good, Salvation …."
"This is the mental cultivation method of One Thought, Good and Evil?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
When Luo Zheng read the words on the walls of the well in his mind, he felt an indescribable sense of awkwardness.
These words needed to be comprehended wholeheartedly before one could master them bit by bit.
However ….
Since Elder Yuan and his mother came from the Mother World, they should be considered creatures above their level.
Shouldn't creatures above their level be able to use Sanskrit directly?
Buzz ….
Before long, the words on the walls of the well flew down and gathered in front of Luo Zheng, forming a small scroll.
After Luo Zheng received the scroll, he asked, "Elder Yuan, there's something I don't understand. Are the words you use also these ordinary words? Don't creatures above their level use Sanskrit? "
Every race had its own unique words and language.
The major races in the universe, such as the Yao Ye Clan, all had different languages and words.
However, the most mainstream culture was still the language and words of the human race.
Luo Zheng thought that these languages and words were transmitted from the Domain of the Gods to the universe. When Luo Xiao constructed the Great Yan Universe, he had injected these cultures into the Great Yan Universe.
Just like how Luo Zheng constructed his own Inner World, the words, customs, and language used by the Evil Deities were similar to those of the human race in the Domain of the Gods.
Elder Yuan laughed involuntarily, "Sanskrit, Sanskrit, even for us, it's not easy to decipher it. Your mother knows this point."
Li Luoshui nodded, "Yes, the language we use was created by a man named Cangjie in the mother world. It was widely spread in the mother world. Our people also use this language, so it naturally spread to the God Realm. The language you learned in the Great Yan Universe when you were young was also passed down in the mother world."
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with surprise.
He originally thought that the words they used usually came from the Domain of the Gods. He didn't expect them to be inherited from the World of the Gods!
"As for Sanskrit, it's the language of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods," Li Luoshui added.
"This Sanskrit … isn't easy to decipher in the World of the Gods? Then why can Nian 'er read Sanskrit at will? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"What?" Elder Yuan's drooping eyebrows suddenly rose.
"Who is Nian 'er? He can read Sanskrit at will?" Li Luoshui was also surprised.
Luo Zheng replied, "He's Mother's grandson. His name is Luo Nian."
"My grandson?"
Li Luoshui's eyes were filled with surprise. She naturally didn't expect that she even had a grandson.
Elder Yuan only asked anxiously, "Luo Zheng, you said that Luo Nian can read Sanskrit 'at will'?"
Elder Yuan emphasized the word "as you wish".
Luo Zheng replied with a "hmm", but he felt somewhat baffled.
Elder Yuan suddenly raised his hand, and a golden character flashed in his palm. It was a Sanskrit character with a unique shape. Elder Yuan confirmed again, "Is it this Sanskrit character?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "The characters of the True Meaning of Nature were deciphered by Nian 'er from Sanskrit. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to cultivate the True Meaning of Nature to this level."
Why did Luo Nian have such a talent? Luo Zheng himself was also puzzled.
Elder Yuan and Li Luoshui looked at each other, their eyes full of caution.
"The characters of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, even in the World of the Gods, can't be deciphered by ordinary people," Li Luoshui said cautiously. "Only people who have the Eyes of the Ancient Gods are qualified to decipher Sanskrit! Even in the World of the Gods, people who have the Eyes of the Ancient Gods are very rare! "
"In other words, Luo Nian has the Eyes of the Ancient Gods?" Luo Zheng blinked.
Luo Yan also smiled and said, "Brother, this nephew of mine is very powerful. This time, after leaving the Dao Battle, I must meet him!"
"If you say that he can really read Sanskrit at will, then he must have the Eyes of the Ancient Gods. Moreover, he can decipher the True Meaning of Nature. The level of his Eyes of the Ancient Gods is definitely not low." As Elder Yuan spoke, his gaze became more and more profound. "One has the Thousand Fan Domain, the other has the Eyes of the Ancient Gods, and the inheritance of Shadow Wa. Why did these bloodlines only erupt now?"
"This is the will of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. We can win the final victory," Li Luoshui said with a smile.
"Perhaps …" Elder Yuan's eyes were full of expectation. "If the Thousand Fan Domain he possesses can really mature, then he indeed has the ability to resolve the current crisis. However, the cultivation of the Thousand Fan Domain requires a large number of spirit crows. Luoshui, you will have to guide the cultivation method."
Li Luoshui smiled faintly. "Of course. Zheng 'er, Yan' er, when you leave the Dao Battle, you should listen to Yu Taibai's arrangements. However, if you have the chance, you should come find me. Zheng 'er knows where I am hiding."
"En." Luo Zheng nodded.
Li Luoshui walked forward and hugged Luo Zheng and Luo Yan in her arms, her face revealing a look of longing.
She was only an incarnation of fear. Her main body didn't know everything that had happened here. However, the light cocoon between Luo Zheng's eyebrows could record everything. When they met again, she would know.
For Li Luoshui, this was a precious memory.
"Alright, you've taken what you should have taken. You've also taken what you shouldn't have. It's time to send you up." Elder Yuan waved his hand.
"It's time to say goodbye." Li Luoshui smiled faintly, her eyes revealing a look of reluctance. She kissed Luo Yan and Luo Zheng's foreheads.
"Mother!"
Luo Yan hugged Li Luoshui tightly. Although this was the first time she had seen her mother, the closeness in her blood was irreplaceable.

Chapter 2085
Inside the huge hole at the top of Ruo Mu.
Figures rushed out from the hole, led by Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the others.
Although they were heavily injured because of Dongfang Gui, they had already escaped.
Before Demon Tu 'e appeared, they had scattered like birds and beasts and were lucky enough to escape from the Dao Battle.
"Plop, plop …"
As soon as they flew out of the hole, they smashed into the surface of Ruo Mu. All of them looked exhausted.
"I thought we were dead for sure …"
"That damned Dongfang Gui, he wanted to drag us down with him!"
"Hmph, he's probably turned into ashes by now!"
The one these upper True Gods hated the most was not Luo Zheng, but Dongfang Gui.
They had almost been killed by Dongfang Gui. Fortunately, they managed to escape with their lives. Naturally, they felt like they had escaped death.
After resting at the edge of the cave for a while, they flew towards the Sword Transformation Divine City.
Not long after they left, the Sword Mastiff flew out as well. Behind him were 11 disciples of the Sword Clan, Soybean Eye, and Nan Longhua!
"We're back!"
Seeing the light of day again, everyone smiled.
Only one member of the Sword Clan had died. At the same time, they had helped the Luo siblings complete their goal. This Dao Battle was almost perfect for them.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
These people also shot towards the Sword Transformation City.
In the main hall of Sword Transformation City.
Jian Wuhen, Jian Leiting, Yu Taibai, and the others all looked relaxed.
They already knew the result in advance.
Although they did not know what Li Luoshui would encounter with Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, it was unlikely that Li Luoshui would harm Luo Zheng and the others.
At the bottom of the palace, Qin Wentian's eyes shone with a bright light.
Dongfang Taiqing, Mu Xuerong, and the others had ugly expressions.
"I've long heard that the Sword Clan has an observation technique that can see through Ruo Mu and see what's going on inside. You should know what happened in the Dao Battle," Mu Xuerong asked.
Jian Wuhen chuckled, "This old man has no time to look at the actions of those juniors. Whether they succeed or not depends on their own abilities. Some people only have themselves to blame for using underhanded means!"
Dongfang Taiqing's eyes twitched.
From Jian Wuhen's words, it was clear that he knew about the Dongfang family's scheme. They had probably already seen the demon.
Previously, Dongfang Taiqing was most worried that Dongfang Gui might not be able to enter the Battle of Dao. If he died before entering the Battle of Dao, then all of Dongfang Clan's preparations would have been wasted. However, this possibility was very low.
Since Dong Fang Gui had entered the land of Dao Struggle and successfully summoned the devil, those upper True Gods were dead for sure!
But whether it was Yu Taibai or Jian Wuhen, they both looked relaxed. This made Dongfang Taiqing puzzled. Could it be that they had defeated the fiends and passed the Dao Struggle?
This was simply impossible …
It was precisely because Dongfang Taiqing couldn't sit still any longer that he led the Great Perfection Stage cultivators of the Wealthy Alliance to inquire about this matter.
At this moment, a whistling sound suddenly came from outside the door.
Immediately, several people appeared at the main entrance.
"Mu Xian!" Mu Xuerong's eyes were sharp. With a single glance, she saw the heavily injured Mu Xian. "You're heavily injured?"
Mu Xian's expression was very ugly. He looked aggrieved as he glared fiercely at Dongfang Taiqing.
Noticing that Yu Taibai and the Jian Clan were here, Mu Xian understood the big picture and didn't complain to Dongfang Gui and the Dongfang Clan. Instead, he whispered, "I was implicated by Dongfang Gui and almost lost my life!"
"How did he implicate you?" Dongfang Taiqing hurriedly asked.
"Forget it." Mu Xian waved his hand. "I won't pursue this matter. In any case, he won't be coming back!"
"Dongfang Gui's strength is above yours. Since you've returned, why can't he return?" Dongfang Taiqing asked even though he already knew the answer. He needed to know what happened in the Battle of Dao Struggle.
"We encountered a devil." Mu Xian pouted and rolled his eyes.
Dongfang Taiqing was slightly relieved to hear this. However, in front of the Saints of the Sword Tribe, he still pretended to be surprised. "A devil! Then wouldn't the others all … "
"Of course they're dead!" Mu Xian impatiently replied.
This answer made Dongfang Taiqing smile. No matter what happened in Ruo Mu, as long as he was dead, he would have achieved his goal.
As for the process, Dongfang Taiqing couldn't be bothered to care.
What he didn't know was that Mu Xian was just spouting nonsense. After all, they all fled when they saw the devil. They all ran faster than anyone else and had no idea what happened.
As for Yu Taibai and the others, they watched the entire process. Seeing how pretentious Dongfang Taiqing was, they sneered and didn't say anything.
Not long after Mu Xian and the others returned.
A group of people appeared at the entrance of the hall. It was Jian Ao and the others!
When Mu Xian, Fang Jing, and the others saw Jian Ao and the others, it was as if they had seen a ghost.
"You, you all actually ran away?" Mu Xian asked.
Mu Xian and the others originally thought that they were the only survivors. However, almost all of the Sword Tribe disciples had returned!
Jian Ao saw the atmosphere in the hall and smiled faintly. "Why would our Sword Tribe run away?"
Mu Xian's face was filled with dissatisfaction. "You didn't run away? How could you possibly survive against that devil? "
"It's very simple." Jian Ao smiled.
The other Sword Tribe disciples, including Soybean Eyes and Nan Longhua, also had strange smiles on their faces.
"How did you do it?" Mu Xian stared at Jian Ao and asked.
The Perfection True Gods also stared nervously at Jian Ao. They urgently needed an answer.
Of course, they didn't care how Jian Ao had survived. What they cared about was whether anyone had obtained the inheritance of the Battle of Dao …
"Wouldn't it be fine if we just killed that devil?" Jian Ao chuckled.
Hearing this, Mu Xian's expression changed.
Dongfang Taiqing furrowed his brows. "Kill that demon? With just you Upper True Gods? "
Jian Ao wasn't afraid of Dongfang Taiqing. The two Sages of the Sword Tribe were present. He shrugged and led the Sword Tribe disciples to the top of the hall. As he walked, he said, "We didn't kill the devil, but he did die. That Dongfang Gui only has himself to blame. He still died. It's up to you whether to believe it or not."
This time, Dongfang Taiqing, Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and the others' expressions were extremely ugly.
They couldn't determine whether Jian Ao was telling the truth. They looked at each other and saw the anxiety in each other's eyes.
After all, the Luo siblings had yet to appear. They also hoped that the two of them would die in the Battle of Dao and never appear again!
However, in less than five minutes.
Two more figures appeared at the entrance of the hall. They were the Luo siblings, one in front and one behind.

Chapter 2086
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan appeared in the hall.
Dongfang Taiqing and Mu Xuerong's hopes were dashed!
They stared at Luo Zheng as if they wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive.
A faint smile hung on Luo Zheng's face as he responded to Mu Xuerong's gaze. "Are you very disappointed?"
Mu Xuerong's killing intent soared. Unfortunately, the Dao Battle had returned to normal and the true meaning of benevolence suppressed her killing intent.
"You obtained the inheritance of the Dao Battle?" Dongfang Taiqing stared at Luo Zheng.
"Do I need to answer your question?" Luo Zheng raised an eyebrow.
Although he was only a lower true god, he seemed to be on equal footing in front of these paragons!
Dongfang Taiqing's eyes flashed fiercely, but then he exhaled heavily. His stiff expression relaxed as he said indifferently, "Do you think you've won at this point?"
"At least we won the first step," Luo Yan said in her brother's voice. Her small face was raised high, and her eyes flashed with a sharp luster.
"Heh." Dongfang Taiqing sneered and turned to Yu Taibai. "I hope you'll be so lucky next time. Let's go!"
Under Dongfang Taiqing's lead, Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, the other paragons of the Wealthy Alliance, and the upper true gods all walked out of the hall.
When Dongfang Taiqing reached the entrance, Jian Wuhen suddenly said, "Send my greetings to Brother Chunjun. Please forgive the Sword Tribe for not treating you well this time!"
Dongfang Taiqing turned and nodded at Jian Wuhen. "I will naturally report this matter properly! The Sword Tribe's hospitality this time is really 'meticulous'. Thank you! "He gritted his teeth and left the main hall in an aggressive manner.
It was very convenient to return to the Sea of Time from Sword Transformation City. One only needed to use a teleporter.
After the group of people left, Jian Wuhen looked at the main entrance of the hall and smiled faintly. "Dongfang Chunjun is probably going to explode this time!"
Yu Taibai nodded. "Dongfang Chunjun isn't magnanimous. After this battle, the Dongfang family will most likely seek revenge on the sword tribe …"
As the second most powerful clan on the floating island, the Dongfang Clan and the Dongfang Clan had always minded their own business. The two clans had always lived in harmony.
However, the Sword Race's actions this time were tantamount to a showdown.
"Hmph, if it wasn't for Dongfang Chunjun's crazy plan, our Sword Race wouldn't have bothered to provoke him! If he wants to destroy the Divine Realm, he should ask if the millions of people in the Divine Realm agree! "Jian Leiting said coldly.
The Saints of the Divine Dominion more or less knew about the conflict between the Luo Family and the Wealthy Alliance.
However, at that time, most of the wealthy families just looked on coldly.
After all, no one was willing to offend the Dongfang family for the sake of the Luo family …
It was just that they did not expect that the dispute between these two families would actually involve the fate of the entire Divine Realm.
Now that Yu Taibai had revealed this information, the Sword Race understood that Dongfang Chunjun was crazy to an incomprehensible extent!
For the sake of his own ambition, he was willing to drag the entire Divine Realm down with him!
It could be said that the Divine Realm was already in a life and death situation, so the Sword Race had no choice but to step forward.
"No matter what, we should be careful. Dongfang Chunjun's actions are often unexpected." Jian Wuhen looked worried.
Offending the Dongfang family was equivalent to offending the entire Wealthy Alliance.
According to Yu Taibai, there should be a Nirvana Realm powerhouse behind Dongfang Chunjun!
"Lord Wuhen, don't worry too much. Even if Dongfang Chunjun really falls out with the Sword Race, they might not be able to gain the upper hand," Yu Taibai said calmly. "Also, there's a response from the Xuanyue family. They won't stand on the Dongfang family's side. Once they believe in Dongfang Chunjun's ambition, I'm sure they'll make the same decision as you!"
Dongfang Chunjun's choice was equivalent to standing on the opposite side of the entire Divine Realm.
The Xuanyue family's foundation was comparable to the Sword Race's, and they were ranked in the top three among the Wealthy Clans. Among them, the Xuanyue Cult, War God Temple, and Heaven Spirit Tower each had a Saint. They were also a force to be reckoned with.
Yu Taibai's current goal was very clear.
He wanted to rope in as many factions as he could in order to avoid a one-on-one battle.
"Let's wait and see." Jian Wuhen nodded.
At their level, they could see the essence of many problems at a glance.
Now that they couldn't grasp Dongfang Chunjun's plans, they could only wait and think of a counterattack.
"The next heavy burden will depend on Luo Zheng." Yu Taibai stared at Luo Zheng.
"Enter the sun?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." Yu Taibai nodded.
Luo Zheng had obtained the Azure Parasol, which meant that he was the new captain of the Divine Realm.
"When?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yu Taibai looked at the ceiling and his eyes flashed. "Tomorrow at dusk."
"So fast?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Yu Taibai showed a helpless smile and shook his head. "It's already very slow. The Divine Realm is falling faster and faster. If this continues, even if we reverse the direction, it'll be very difficult to save the Divine Realm!"
When a huge object was falling, it would take a long time to adjust.
Meanwhile, God's Domain was an unimaginably large ship. Now, it was indeed a race against time.
"Okay!"
Luo Zheng nodded. He already knew many things from his mother and didn't have any doubts about Yu Taibai's arrangements.
…
Dongfang Taiqing's group returned to the Sword Race's floating island through the teleportation formation.
Everyone had a gloomy expression and didn't say a word.
It could be said that they had suffered a crushing defeat in the Dao battle this time. They had struck a deal with the Madam and lost their troops.
After leaving the Sword Race's floating island, Dongfang Taiqing passed through the thick clouds and returned to the Dongfang Family's floating island, which was also the number one floating island in the Sea of Time.
"Greetings, Senior Taiqing!"
"Big Brother Taiqing!"
"Big Brother Taiqing is back …"
After arriving on the Dongfang Family's floating island, the Dongfang Family members all respectfully bowed to Dongfang Taiqing.
He had a gloomy expression and didn't respond at all. He walked with heavy steps toward the Dongfang Palace of the floating island.
"What's wrong with Big Brother Taiqing?"
"Why didn't Dongfang Gui, who went with him to the forbidden land, come back with him?"
"Did he fail in the Dao battle?"
"So what if he failed? When has the Dao battle ever succeeded in so many years? Does he have to have such an ugly expression? "
Some of the Dongfang Family members didn't know the truth. They only saw some clues from Dongfang Taiqing's ugly expression.

Chapter 2087
This Dongfang Palace was built in a unique way. It was made of a kind of translucent glass.
Stepping on it would create faint red ripples, as if one was walking on the surface of a lake.
After Dongfang Taiqing entered, he walked along the slender corridor.
At the end of the corridor, there was a small door.
Pushing open the small door, he saw Dongfang Chunjun lying on a huge grayish-white chair in front of him. He held a transparent cup in his hand, and the cup seemed to be filled with blood-like wine. A sweet and enchanting smell spread from the cup and filled the entire palace.
"Plop!"
Dongfang Taiqing knelt on the ground without saying a word.
"A sure-win situation, but we still failed in the end," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"It's my fault," Dongfang Taiqing said with his head lowered.
Dongfang Chunjun looked down at Dongfang Taiqing and sneered. "You only escorted Dongfang Gui into the Battle of the Dao. You didn't even see the entire process. You can't be blamed for this!"
Dongfang Taiqing was only leading the team. He couldn't directly participate in the Battle of the Dao.
However, Dongfang Taiqing still blamed himself. He couldn't accept such a failure.
From beginning to end, the Dongfang Family's plan was foolproof …
Until now, Dongfang Taiqing still couldn't figure out what went wrong. How did they escape the demon's pursuit?
It couldn't be explained at all!
Seeing Dongfang Taiqing's lowered head, Dongfang Chunjun stood up from the chair and poured the blood-like wine on the ground. Then, he said calmly, "If the Dongfang Family can think of it, Yu Taibai might not have."
"I don't understand," Dongfang Taiqing said.
"The fear incarnation created in the Battle of the Dao has its own memories. What if they summoned a powerful fear incarnation to serve them?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
Dongfang Taiqing suddenly looked up when he heard the Sage's words. Realization dawned on him!
"Although I don't know who they summoned as their Fear Incarnation, this is the only explanation for now," Dongfang Chunjun continued. "Moreover, that captain was originally standing on the opposite side of us. If he sensed Luo Zheng's identity and took the initiative to pass the inheritance to that kid Luo Zheng, we wouldn't be able to stop him. Therefore, Taiqing, you don't have to blame yourself. It's naturally good if you succeed, but don't be anxious if you fail.
"Yes." Dongfang Taiqing stood up.
Dongfang Chunjun's words made him feel much better.
That Nirvana Realm powerhouse was originally on Luo Zheng's side. If he really wanted Luo Zheng to obtain the inheritance in the Battle of Dao, who could stop him?
"But this time, the Sword Tribe …" Dongfang Taiqing continued.
As soon as he opened his mouth, Dongfang Chunjun interrupted him.
Dongfang Chunjun laughed coldly. "The Sword Race will side with Yu Taibai sooner or later, but it will happen faster than I expected. Since they are so impatient, don't blame me. Some things have to change …"
…
…
A day in the Realm of the Gods was divided into twenty-four hours.
On this day, the huge fireball known as the "sun" rose from the far east of the Realm of the Gods and illuminated the land.
Then, it flew past the Realm of the Gods at an extremely fast speed.
When the sun passed through the Sea of Time, it was noon in the Realm of the Gods.
After a few hours, the sun would reach the far west, which was the sky above Ruo Mu. It would be dusk.
In a non-offensive area, at the peak of Ruo Mu, in Sword Transformation City …
Jian Wuhen, Jian Leiting, Yu Taibai, and the others looked up at the sky like statues.
When the sun emitted the afterglow of the setting sun, Jian Wuhen said, "It's about time. I'll bring you up."
Luo Zheng nodded.
Jian Wuhen grabbed Luo Zheng and the two figures suddenly flashed, disappearing in front of Yu Taibai and Luo Yan.
Yu Taibai could also bring Luo Zheng up into the sky, but as a Paragon, Yu Taibai's teleportation distance was far inferior to Jian Wuhen's. The sun was originally a fireball that moved at high speed, so he didn't have a good grasp of timing. In the end, he had to trouble a Sage.
Luo Zheng felt his vision darken. Then, he found himself high up in the sky.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
"What strong astral winds!"
Gusts of strong wind whistled past, slicing his face like knives. Even though Luo Zheng's mortal body was extraordinarily tough, the gusts of wind were still able to leave fine white scars on his body!
The sun above his head was magnified several times in Luo Zheng's vision. It was like an enormous fireball.
"Again!"
Jian Wuhen glanced at his position and continued to pull Luo Zheng with him.
After the second teleportation, Luo Zheng was several times closer to the sun!
Looking down, he could see the entire non-attacking area …
This non-attacking area was semi-circular. The giant Ruo Mu was like an octopus, lying in a 'small pool'. Everything looked incomparably small from this height.
After Jian Wuhen carried Luo Zheng with him for the third teleportation, scorching flames transformed into irregular sharp swords that shot down from above!
This was the Sun Essence Flame.
The Sun Essence Flame was divided into three layers. But even the outermost layer was enough to burn everything!
An ordinary True God wouldn't be able to withstand it.
They were still quite a distance away from the sun. Jian Wuhen could still endure it, but he was afraid that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to withstand it. His hand flashed with a membrane of light, preparing to envelop Luo Zheng.
But at this moment, tiny golden Sanskrit characters began to flicker on Luo Zheng's body. He began to absorb the Sun Essence Flame!
"Using the Sun Essence Flame to refine the body?" Jian Wuhen's face flashed with astonishment. "You actually absorbed the Sun Essence Flame!"
Even Jian Wuhen didn't dare to absorb the Sun Essence Flame for his own use. This flame was so wild that even a Saint couldn't tame it. This brat was actually crazily absorbing it?
There was once a legend in the Divine Realm. It was said that there was a massive palace in the sun. Whoever could enter the palace in the sun had the qualifications to control the Divine Realm.
When the Saints had just disappeared and the people of the Divine Realm were still ignorant, there were only a few people who had been conferred the title of Saint. Some Saints really did challenge the sun.
The final result was, without exception, that they were all burned to ashes by the sun … Fortunately, the Saints were able to use the universe to make themselves undying and indestructible. In the end, they were able to recover.
But ever since then, no Saint had ever attempted to approach the sun.
Jian Wuhen watched as Luo Zheng recklessly absorbed the Sun Essence Flame. He was shocked.

Chapter 2088
Luo Zheng's body glowed with golden light, and the golden Sanskrit characters covered every inch of his skin.
As for Jian Wuhen, he waited patiently.
After about half an hour, the golden Sanskrit characters on Luo Zheng's body dimmed.
The outline of his body became more distinct, and his every movement exuded a condensed aura …
"Absorbing the Heavenly Fire can make one stronger?" Jian Wuhen was amazed by this scene.
As a Sage, he could tell that Luo Zheng's body was far stronger than that of an ordinary True God's!
Just like the shocking sword strike Luo Zheng had unleashed in the Battle of Daos.
If it were any other ordinary Lower True God, his physical body would have crumbled apart before he could even slash out with his sword.
However, Luo Zheng's body was not much of a problem!
However, Luo Zheng had shown too many incredible things, so it was easy for people to overlook the strength of his body.
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded in response.
"I've never heard of such a miraculous technique …" Jian Wuhen sighed.
Luo Zheng could adapt to the Sun Essence Fire on the outermost layer, so he would naturally use it to temper his body.
Luo Zheng still did not know to what extent the Regal Equipment Refining Technique could temper one's body.
Ever since he entered the divine realm, it had been very difficult for him to find a suitable flame to temper himself.
However, he got the answer from his mother. All techniques related to Sanskrit were words left behind by the ancient Primal Chaos Gods. Therefore, the limits of the Regal Equipment Refining Technique were probably not limited to the divine realm …
As for the limits, he would explore them in the future.
Now, Luo Zheng had to solve the problem in front of him!
"I'll teleport you again. You'll have to rely on yourself later," Jian Wuhen said.
Then, Jian Wuhen brought Luo Zheng and teleported again …
"Swish!"
The two disappeared in the air again. In the blink of an eye, they had teleported hundreds of thousands of feet!
Looking down from this place, the Ruo Mu and the Land of No Attack had disappeared.
Luo Zheng could only see an oval-shaped white ground, which was naturally caused by the continuous snow over the past few months …
The originally round sun had already disappeared.
They were too close to the sun, so they could no longer see the sun's full appearance. Therefore, what appeared was a sea of fire in the sky!
"Huala, huala …"
The sea of fire floated above Luo Zheng's head from top to bottom. As the blazing flames flickered, they set off one fire after another. It was a spectacular sight!
"Huhu …"
Streams of essence sun fire wove into fiery clouds, hovering in the air like whirlwinds.
Even Jian Wuhen had a cautious look on his face as he faced the Essence Sun Fire!
He pointed in the air …
An invisible sword intent shot out from his finger.
"Sea Town!"
"Huala …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng sensed that the aura within a radius of 10,000 miles had suddenly changed.
The sound of surging tides and waves crashing against each other could be heard in his ears …
A feeling of Luo of the sea Ocean Sea Sea Sea
"This is the Sword's Sword …"
"Sword" of the sword of the Divine Dao, "Of of Zheng 'of the God''s," So powerful … "
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart.
When the Sword's Sword was released, no matter how the red clouds of fire moved, they couldn't get close to the two!
They seemed to be moving further and further away from the two of them amidst the waves.
"I can only send you up to here. I can't go any higher," Jian Wuhen said seriously.
Luo Zheng nodded and took out a flying sword from his Sumeru Ring.
He couldn't fly now, so he still had to rely on the flying sword to fly.
After stepping on the flying sword, Luo Zheng took out an umbrella from his Sumeru Ring. It was the Azure Parasol he had obtained from the Dao Struggle.
The reason why Elder Yuan became the captain was because this umbrella was in his hands.
Relying on this umbrella, he was able to enter the fireball that was the sun unimpeded.
"Feng!"
After Luo Zheng opened the umbrella, a bright yellow curtain of light immediately enveloped him and the flying sword under his feet.
Luo Zheng had to be careful now. If the flying sword was melted by the Sun Essence Fire, he would be in big trouble.
"Then I'll go up," Luo Zheng said.
"I'll leave everything to you." Jian Wuhen looked indifferently at the young man.
Then Luo Zheng held the Azure Parasol and stepped on the flying sword, turning into a streak of light that shot up into the sky.
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure disappear into the distance, Jian Wuhen's face was filled with emotion.
He had never thought that the fate of the Realm of the Gods would be entrusted to these juniors.
He had never thought that the destroyed Luo Family still had such a powerful ability hidden …
He didn't know if choosing to stand on the Luo Family's side was the wrong move, but the sword race's innate sense of mission forced them to save the millions of lives of the Realm of the Gods.
… …
The fiery red clouds quickly passed by Luo Zheng's surroundings.
The light curtain formed by the Green Parasol easily isolated all the flames.
In the space under the umbrella, Luo Zheng didn't feel the heat at all. Instead, he felt a faint coolness.
It was indeed a very miraculous magic weapon.
Even though the Azure Parasol could easily block the sun's essence fire, Luo Zheng didn't dare to be careless.
The red clouds of fire couldn't burn Luo Zheng, but they formed powerful whirlpools as they crazily circled.
If Luo Zheng didn't pay attention and got sucked into these whirlpools, he would lose his balance and be swept away by these currents … …
After flying like this for more than an hour, more and more fire clouds appeared around Luo Zheng!
He was about to cross the middle layer of the sun and approach the inner layer.
At this stage, even a Saint couldn't withstand the sun's essence fire … …
"The sun's essence fire here is probably a hundred times stronger than the outer layer. If I lose the protection of the Azure Parasol, I'll probably be burned to ashes in an instant!"
Luo Zheng was also shocked by the layers of fire clouds formed by the sun's essence fire.
He didn't know how this sun was formed. It could burn in the sky for countless God Epochs and still maintain such a powerful aura.
At this moment, he deeply felt his own insignificance.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh … …"
At this moment, a sharp whistling sound was transmitted to Luo Zheng's ears.
Tens of thousands of sun's essence fire formed a huge whirlpool!
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He stepped on his flying sword and flew to the other side.
However, the range of this whirlpool was too large. If Luo Zheng was at the Great Perfection Stage or a Saint, he might have a chance to escape.
However, Luo Zheng was only a lower True God, and he was still relying on his flying sword. How could he make it in time?
"Swish … …"

Chapter 2089
This vortex pushed Luo Zheng upwards at a high speed!
During the whole process, Luo Zheng stood on the flying sword, trying his best to maintain his balance while holding the Green Parasol tightly with both hands!
"Too fast!"
Now, Luo Zheng's speed was faster than his flying speed. This vortex was the sun that pushed Luo Zheng upwards.
This state lasted for about the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
"Huala …"
The sea of fire above his head set off a huge wave of flames, sweeping towards Luo Zheng.
"Finally, I'm here!"
The Sun Essence Fire in the outermost and middle layers were just the flames that drifted out from the inner part of the sun.
The sea of fire in front of him was the inner part of the sun!
Luo Zheng didn't have time to adjust his posture. Holding the Green Parasol, he plunged headfirst into the sea of fire.
When he looked back, he saw that everything around him was crimson red, as if he was immersed in a crimson ocean.
The scorching vortex couldn't endure the sea of fire. After forming a small vortex in the sea of fire, it finally dissipated …
"The inner part of the sun is also very large. I don't know where the palace that Elder Yuan mentioned is. I can only look for it slowly."
Luo Zheng chose a direction and drove the flying sword to move slowly.
This sea of fire wasn't magma. It seemed to be a kind of red hot current. This hot current was very viscous, like an ordinary liquid. It was probably the liquefied form of the Sun Essence Fire.
The power contained in this sea of fire was even more unimaginable. After all, even a Sage would die if he touched this sea of fire!
It was difficult to drive the flying sword to escape in this sea of fire.
He could only slowly float around as his eyes scanned the surroundings ….
Luo Zheng was probably the second creature to visit this place besides the captain.
In such a harsh environment, there shouldn't be any other creatures, which made him feel very relieved.
"Keep going up!"
Luo Zheng didn't delay at all.
Two hours …
Four hours …
Six hours …
He cruised in this sea of fire for six to eight hours.
It was still an endless sea of red fire, and the surrounding scenery had not changed at all.
Although the umbrella could isolate all the flames outside, Luo Zheng felt bored and even anxious after staying in this boring environment for a long time!
"This big fireball is probably as big as a region. Based on my speed, won't it take me several years to find the palace?"
Just as he was hesitating …
Suddenly, he heard a "Da Da Da" sound behind him.
When he turned his head to take a look, he was shocked.
Outside the light curtain formed by the Green Parasol, there were fist-sized things gathering!
Under such high temperature, he couldn't release his Divine Sense, because once his Divine Sense left the light curtain, it would be completely burned away by the extremely high temperature, so he didn't notice these little things approaching.
"What the hell is this? How can it survive in such an environment? "Luo Zheng was astonished.
This was the Sun. Not to mention ordinary monsters, even Saints would be incinerated if they entered. Other living beings did not even have the qualifications to approach the Sun before they were incinerated!
He had never thought that there would be living beings in the Sun!
These fist-sized things had oval heads, and their left arms were big pincers. They seemed to be some kind of strange shrimp.
They were not afraid of the sun's essence fire!
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't dare to open the light curtain, or else he would have caught some of these strange shrimps.
Since they could resist the sun's essence fire, their outer shell must be made of very rare materials.
But then again, the strange shrimps lived in this sea of fire, and their temperature was no different from the sun's essence fire. Even if Luo Zheng could bring them in, he wouldn't dare to touch these things!
The small strange shrimps followed Luo Zheng, and kept tapping the light curtain with their pincers …
"Da Da Da …"
"This little thing wants to break the light curtain and get in?"
Luo Zheng frowned.
If the light curtain really broke, he would be finished. He would immediately turn into ashes and disappear from this world forever.
"Go away!"
Luo Zheng punched the light curtain.
"Dong!"
The light curtain shook, and the strange shrimps scattered. But the shrimps that escaped stretched their bodies and stuck to the light curtain again, tapping it with their pincers.
Luo Zheng tried to drive them away a few times, but these strange shrimps found that Luo Zheng was only trying to scare them. They stopped running away, and the number of strange shrimps that gathered was increasing!
"This is troublesome …"
Luo Zheng showed a bitter smile.
Soon, the light curtain formed by the Blue Parasol was densely surrounded by these strange shrimps. There were three or four hundred of them, and they blocked most of his sight.
Looking at the strength of these strange shrimps, they shouldn't be able to break the light curtain. But he was moving slowly in the Sun, not to mention dragging these strange shrimps with him.
Luo Zheng grabbed the Blue Parasol and shook it again!
The light curtain shook, and the strange shrimps were bounced back, but they were not afraid at all. They stuck to him like sticky candy.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache coming on.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling depressed, he suddenly saw a slender shadow shoot over through the gaps between these strange shrimps.
"Those are … fish!"
Six or seven chi long big fish rushed over.
These big fish were almost as tall as an adult. They constantly swam around Luo Zheng, opening their mouths to grab a strange shrimp and then swallowing it …
"These strange shrimps … are the food of these fish," Luo Zheng was stunned.
It seemed that there were more than just these two kinds of creatures in this sea of fire. At least they could form a complete food chain!
The big fish had excellent appetites. In a short while, the strange shrimps that stuck to the light curtain were all swallowed up by them.
Perhaps they were interested in Luo Zheng, but these big fish didn't leave. Like the strange shrimps, they used their sharp mouths to tap the light curtain.
But not long after …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the light above him had dimmed a bit.
At the same time, the big fish that gathered around him swayed their tails and fled in all directions.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a huge whale that was hundreds of thousands of feet long appear above his head!
Two faint green flames rolled in the eyes of this huge whale, and there were faint flames flowing on its skin.
After the huge whale appeared, it immediately opened its mouth and swallowed down.
Under the whale's swallowing, the big fish within a radius of several hundred feet were sucked into the huge whale's mouth.

Chapter 2090
Even though he was in the belly of the giant whale, the surrounding environment was still extremely hot.
Luo Zheng couldn't remove the Cyan Parasol, so he could only stay put.
Fortunately, the light curtain formed by the Cyan Parasol was really solid. Although it was tumbling inside the giant whale's body, it was still very strong.
As long as he held the Cyan Parasol well, the light curtain wouldn't be broken!
Because of this, Luo Zheng was a little relieved …
"Huala …"
As soon as Luo Zheng calmed down, he felt a squirming feeling under his feet.
He held the Cyan Parasol and continued to tumble into the darkness. He should be shuttling through the giant whale's esophagus.
When Luo Zheng finally stabilized his body, he saw a dim cyan light!
"Cyan flame?"
Luo Zheng's eyes slightly twitched.
At the same time, he saw some big fish being drawn into the cyan flame.
This giant whale didn't have teeth, so it just swallowed the fish and Luo Zheng into its belly. It didn't chew them, so these big fish and Luo Zheng were still alive and kicking.
However, when they fell into the cyan flame, they began to crazily twist their bodies. Their tough bodies kept tumbling and bouncing in the cyan flame. Soon, Luo Zheng saw these big fish being burned by the cyan flame. They melted little by little, exposing their bones and heads.
The big fish that had been burned to death sank into the green flames, and gradually melted away until not even a bone was left behind …
"The cyan flame inside the giant whale is more powerful than the Essence Sun Flame?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
These big fish could survive in the Essence Sun Flame. With their special bodies, they weren't afraid of any kind of flame. However, they were burned to ashes by the cyan flame!
"No … The Essence Sun Flame should be the most powerful flame in the God Area. This giant whale's cyan flame can't be more powerful than the Essence Sun Flame. This cyan flame is like the giant whale's stomach juice, which is used to digest those big fish. I'm afraid this cyan flame evolved from the giant whale's harsh environment over countless God Eras!" A worried look appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "I don't know if this light curtain can block the cyan flames …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again felt a powerful wriggling force beneath his feet, lifting him up and causing him to fall into the cyan flames.
Along with him were dozens of large fish and countless fist-sized strange shrimps.
"Hualala …"
The liquid-like cyan flame fluctuated back and forth around Luo Zheng.
The surrounding big fishes and strange shrimps were quickly melted by the cyan flame. Luo Zheng looked at the hologram nervously.
"Please don't break it …"
Luo Zheng prayed in his heart.
After a few breaths, the layer of light didn't show any signs of melting. Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief.
This damned place was really not a place for people to stay.
Not to mention a Saint, even a Nirvana Realm powerhouse would not be able to survive without the help of this Green Parasol …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly had a question.
The only way to control the "ship" of the Divine Realm was from the palace in the sun.
The Green Parasol was the key to entering the palace. Without the Green Parasol, how could other people control the direction of this "ship"?
His mother and Elder Yuan hadn't told him about this, so Luo Zheng couldn't find an answer for the time being. Perhaps the Xuanyuan Guard had used some other method to influence the direction of the Divine Realm's flight. And after that, Elder Yuan had lost the ability to enter the sun …
Luo Zheng's imagination ran wild in the giant whale's stomach. From time to time, he would hear a loud crash. Countless large fishes, small fishes, and strange shrimps were sent into the giant whale's stomach and were quickly digested.
"This giant whale can eat," Luo Zheng sighed.
He stayed in the stomach for a few hours. This giant whale seemed to be eating non-stop …
After sighing, he began to worry.
Since this was the giant whale's stomach for digesting food, if he wanted to leave here, he would have to be digested into dregs and then expelled from the body.
In that case, he would definitely die.
However, he couldn't digest it under the protection of the light curtain!
"Things that can't be digested!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He seemed to have thought of something.
All creatures that swallowed things that they couldn't digest would vomit until they spat out the foreign matter in their stomach.
Since that was the case …
Stepping on the flying sword, he leaped into the air and shot upward.
Boom!
Under the sudden impact, he heavily smashed into the stomach wall above his head.
With this smash, Luo Zheng took advantage of the momentum and rushed down!
"Again!"
Within the soft stomach wall, Luo Zheng jumped up and down, constantly crashing back and forth.
The blue flames danced around Luo Zheng, but in the end, they couldn't break the light curtain that enveloped him. They couldn't hurt him in the slightest.
The giant whale swimming in the sea of fire was happily devouring countless living beings.
This giant whale was the king of this sea of fire. It stood at the top of the food chain and had no natural enemies.
Today, it swallowed a strange thing, but it didn't care. Any creature that was swallowed into its stomach would be digested in the end.
However, there was an exception this time.
Suddenly, it felt an uncomfortable feeling in its body. Waves of pain came from its stomach.
Even with its low intelligence, the giant whale knew that it had eaten the wrong thing. It shouldn't have swallowed that strange-looking creature …
Under the stimulation of the pain, its huge body began to convulse and twist. Its stomach began to contract violently!
Luo Zheng, who was inside the giant whale, also noticed the changes. The space around him began to shrink rapidly!
"It's coming!"
Luo Zheng held the Blue Parasol tightly with both hands and stepped on the flying sword.
Just as he got into position, he felt a shocking force under his feet, which suddenly threw him out.
Huff, huff, huff …
He quickly moved through the darkness, and as he continued to roll, the sea of fire came into view once again!
"I'm out!"
Luo Zheng's toes touched the flying sword lightly, quickly stabilizing his body.
After the giant whale spat Luo Zheng out, it didn't leave immediately. Instead, it stared at Luo Zheng with its huge eyes.
It probably wanted to remember not to swallow such a strange thing next time. Then, it wriggled its huge tail and escaped into the depths of the sea of fire.
After the giant whale left, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief …
He stayed in the giant whale's stomach for several hours. With the giant whale's swimming speed, he didn't know how far it had traveled.
Just as he turned his head to look at his surroundings, he looked up and saw a unique silhouette not far from his upper right!
"That's …"
Luo Zheng focused his eyes and looked over. His eyebrows gradually raised, and his face lit up with joy.

Chapter 2091
After entering the sea of fire, Luo Zheng was still worried.
From afar, the sun looked like a small fireball, but in fact, the space inside was enormous.
Luo Zheng relied on a flying sword to fly through the sea of fire at a very slow speed!
He didn't know how much time it would take to find the palace …
But the speed of the giant whale was countless times faster than Luo Zheng's.
He had been tossed and turned in the stomach of the whale for several hours. He didn't know how far the whale had swum, but it actually brought him directly to the destination!
This could be considered a blessing in disguise!
Looking at the huge golden palace, Luo Zheng's heartbeat sped up. He didn't hesitate at all.
The flying sword under his feet flew up slightly and flew in the direction of the palace …
This palace looked very close, but Luo Zheng still spent a little over an hour before he was able to get close.
"What a majestic palace …"
Standing at the entrance of the palace, Luo Zheng sighed.
The whole palace was shining with a golden brilliance. He didn't know what metal it was made of, but it certainly couldn't be gold. That kind of soft metal would have already turned into liquid under such high temperature.
Then he drove the flying sword and floated in through the open door of the palace.
The front half of the palace was also immersed in the sea of fire. But after moving along the door for some distance, Luo Zheng saw several mysterious array patterns on the ground.
From these patterns, a faint yellow light curtain spread out, blocking the sea of fire outside.
"The faint yellow light is almost exactly the same as the light released by the Azure Parasol!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
When he held the Azure Parasol close to the light curtain, the light curtain of the Azure Parasol actually connected with the light curtain in the palace!
Luo Zheng entered without any hindrance …
"I came in just like that!"
The palace used the light curtain to create a larger and safer space!
Luo Zheng stood in the palace and carefully removed the Azure Parasol. There was no burning sensation. This place was safe.
Even so, Luo Zheng still didn't relax his vigilance.
There were all kinds of creatures in the sea of fire in the sun. There might be some bizarre things in the palace.
Walking through the huge corridor of the palace, he released his divine sense all the way, checking every movement in the surroundings.
Although the outside of the palace was very luxurious, the inside was empty. There was indeed nothing …
After passing through the long corridor, he went through three halls in a row and finally came to the center of the palace.
He saw seven rings connected to each other on the ground. When he looked up, he could also see seven rings corresponding to the top of the palace.
"It's here!"
Luo Zheng smiled, then walked over and stepped on the most central ring.
Other than being wary of some strange and ferocious creatures, he wasn't worried that there would be any traps here.
After all, the sun itself was a very powerful barrier. As Elder Yuan said, this umbrella was originally a key. With this key, one could easily travel through the sun. Without this key, even saints couldn't enter. Naturally, there was no need to set up any other traps.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped into the ring, Luo Zheng's expression changed.
The seven rings under his feet began to emit a faint light!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The ring in the center floated up and wrapped itself around Luo Zheng's waist, suspending him in midair.
The other rings followed Luo Zheng's feet and wrapped around his hands. There were two rings superimposed on top of his head …
"What's this?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with doubt.
"Buzz …"
When the seven rings were in place, the two rings on top of his head vibrated again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that his soul seemed to have formed a very close connection with these rings!
Suddenly, a white light exploded in his mind, like a flash of lightning …
When he opened his eyes again, he saw an oval-shaped object that looked like a gem!
"What's this?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with doubt.
He stared at the gemstone floating in the void for a long time. The surprise in his eyes became more and more obvious. He almost couldn't believe it!
"This is the Domain of the Gods!"
Through those rings, Luo Zheng's field of vision seemed to be at an extremely far angle. He could actually see the entire Domain of the Gods!
Because the Domain of the Gods was unimaginably huge, from east to west, it was probably trillions and trillions of miles away …
Luo Zheng's field of vision was too far away. Naturally, he couldn't see the details of the Domain of the Gods clearly. At a glance, he could only see an oval gemstone emitting a white luster.
"It's really beautiful …"
Luo Zheng stared blankly at this scene.
After a long while, he turned his head and looked to the other side …
Around the gemstone, huge brown clouds flowed. The size of these huge clouds was ten times, or even a hundred times bigger than the Domain of the Gods.
"This is the Primal Chaos Qi!"
Luo Zheng was very familiar with the Primal Chaos Qi.
There was a lot of Primal Chaos Qi in his own inner world. Moreover, in the Immortal Mansion, he had read the travel notes left behind by his master, Gu Bei. In them, Gu Bei had accurately recreated the Primal Chaos Qi. It was exactly the same as the scene in front of him.
But at that time, Luo Zheng didn't have a precise concept of the Primal Chaos Qi. He only knew that the Primal Chaos Qi was filled with huge brown clouds. But he didn't know how huge these huge clouds were because he didn't have anything to compare them with.
But now, he could see the Domain of the Gods. Comparing the Domain of the Gods to the Primal Chaos Qi, Luo Zheng understood how huge these huge clouds were!
His gaze wandered around for a long time before returning to the Domain of the Gods.
Looking down, Luo Zheng noticed that there were small black dots attached to the surface of the Domain of the Gods.
There weren't many of these black dots, but there were still fifty or sixty of them …
"These black dots look small, but they're actually huge. They're attached to the surface of the Domain of the Gods … They should be the universe of the Saints." Luo Zheng's gaze became deep.
From where he was, he should be able to see the Domain of Great Expansion, but he couldn't tell which Saint these universes belonged to.
Luo Zheng's gaze continued to move downwards. After circling around the Domain of the Gods, he looked down and saw a grayish-white world …
"That's the bottom of the Primal Chaos?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
Whether it was Yu Taibai, his mother, Yang, or Elder Yuan, they all had the same answer.
The Domain of the Gods was falling rapidly …
From Luo Zheng's point of view, that was indeed the case.
Below the Domain of the Gods was a grayish-white world. And in this grayish-white world, slender beast bones stood upright like the teeth of a demon.
The length of each bone was comparable to the width of the entire Domain of the Gods!
Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine how huge these beast bones were when they were alive.
The bottom of the Domain of the Gods was actually a huge burial ground!

Chapter 2092
Luo Zheng was very shocked. He knew that the Chaos was unimaginably huge.
But if a single bone was bigger than the Divine Realm, then how huge were these behemoths when they were alive?
In the universe, Luo Zheng had also seen huge living beings.
For example, the Ancestral Dragon's complete form was thousands of miles long …
Some behemoths were even tens of thousands of miles long or even hundreds of thousands of miles long.
But these behemoths at the bottom of the Chaos were probably trillions of miles long. How powerful were these creatures?
How did they fall and fall to the bottom of the Chaos?
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over the huge bones and saw that they were piled up haphazardly, stretching far into the distance. Their line of sight was blocked by the Chaos aura …
In other words, the number of behemoths that had fallen here would far exceed Luo Zheng's imagination.
"I don't know what's hidden at the bottom of the Chaos, but if the 'ship' of the Divine Realm really falls, the extinction of the creatures in the Divine Realm is inevitable …"
If such a huge Divine Realm fell to the bottom of the Chaos, the entire Divine Realm would definitely shake violently and completely disintegrate.
The creatures in the Divine Realm would feel that the earth would crack and mountains and rivers would collapse …
In this process, ninety percent of the creatures would be destroyed. Perhaps some powerful creatures would be able to survive.
But after the Divine Realm broke, the Chaos aura would crazily surge in.
With the toxicity of the Chaos aura, the remaining creatures would perish. In the end, only a few dozen Saints would be able to survive.
And once the Divine Realm broke, the 'universe' attached to the Divine Realm, which was the inner world of the Saints, would also be affected. It was even possible that the universe would be destroyed …
In other words, Mu Haiji and Dongfang Chunjun would also be affected. It was just that Luo Zheng didn't know what countermeasures they had.
"According to the speed at which the Divine Realm is falling, it might not even take ten years to fall. No wonder Yu Taibai thought that this matter was imminent …"
Ten years was just the blink of an eye for True Gods.
"But how do I control the direction of the Divine Realm?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Elder Yuan didn't give Luo Zheng any guidance. He only told Luo Zheng that he would know everything once he entered the sun.
The Divine Realm was known as a "ship". Then, to control this ship, there should be something like a rudder …
But there were only these rings in the palace …
Now that he was wearing these rings, other than gaining an extremely wide field of vision, there didn't seem to be anything special about it, let alone controlling the direction of the Divine Realm!
"The problem must be with these rings!"
At this moment, the other four rings were still on his hands and feet.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng immediately closed his eyes...
His soul suddenly trembled and he immediately released his Divine Sense.
These Divine Senses were like the tentacles of an octopus, spreading towards the four rings.
The moment his Spiritual Sense came into contact with those rings, the four rings suddenly trembled and emitted a buzzing sound at the same time.
"This ring absorbed my divine sense!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
At the same time, he felt that the four rings seemed to have merged with his body.
The four rings seemed to have become a part of his body. It was a very strange feeling.
"Is that so …"
Luo Zheng tried to move his arm. He lowered his right arm slightly …
Just as his arm moved, the front of the Divine Realm, which was a trillion miles long, actually sank with it!
The Divine Realm was originally diving down at a certain angle. Because of Luo Zheng's movement, the downward angle tilted even more.
At the same time …
Countless living beings in the God Realm felt a slight tremor and tilt.
The tremor wasn't strong, but it was very obvious!
In the Ruomu Domain.
Luo Yan stood on tiptoe on the edge of a tree as thick as an arm, looking at the sky.
A few hours had passed. The sun's trace had disappeared from the edge of the Ruomu Domain, taking her brother to the other side of the chaos.
Now, it was night time in the Ruomu Domain. Only stars could be seen in the sky.
Although her brother had the protection of the Green Parasol, Luo Yan was still very worried.
In such a blazing place, even a Saint would be mercilessly burned by the sun's fire essence, let alone a True God like her brother.
At this time, she suddenly felt a slight tremor coming from the treetops.
She found that her body couldn't help but lean forward. Her body also slid a step on the thin branches before stabilizing herself!
"What's going on?"
Luo Yan blinked.
Then Yu Taibai appeared on the tree trunk behind her with a faint smile on his face.
"Senior brother, what was that power just now?" Luo Yan asked strangely.
Although the tilt was very slight, it was unusually smooth. This meant that the range of the power was very large. At least the entire Ruomu Domain tilted at the same time to produce such an effect.
"Just now, the entire Divine Realm tilted to a certain extent." Yu Taibai smiled. "Luo Zheng succeeded!"
"Brother succeeded?" Luo Yan's face showed surprise.
Yu Taibai nodded and smiled. "But that kid seems to have gone in the wrong direction …"
Luo Yan was facing the west of the Divine Realm. Tilting in this direction would only make the Divine Realm fall faster.
"How could he have gone in the wrong direction?" Luo Yan asked curiously.
"Maybe … he's also feeling it out …" Yu Taibai replied.
Most people in the Divine Realm had noticed this slight tilt, but most of them didn't think much of it.
Only a very small number of people understood that just now, the entire Divine Realm tilted, and the tilt wasn't small. It was only because they were in the Divine Realm that they didn't feel it clearly!
Some people were wild with joy. They realized that someone was controlling the direction of the Divine Realm. This could save the Divine Realm that was in imminent danger!
Some people's faces were gloomy. After all, they had planned for a long time, but it was broken in one move. How could they accept it?
Luo Zheng, who was inside the palace, naturally didn't think so much.
"So through these rings, I can control the direction of the Divine Realm!"
Just now, when his right hand lowered, the front of the Divine Realm tilted down. Then …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng gently raised his right hand. The rings floating above his right hand also floated up.
At the same time, the front of the Divine Realm slowly rose up along with Luo Zheng's gesture!
"Success!"
Luo Zheng's face showed excitement.
After raising his right hand, Luo Zheng quickly realized that something was wrong. Only one side of the Divine Realm rose up, but the other side was still tilted.
After understanding the pattern, he once again slowly raised his left hand.
After slowly raising both hands, the Divine Realm had completely changed its falling direction, but it still maintained its downward momentum.
After all, the Divine Realm was such a huge object. Its falling inertia was enormous!

Chapter 2093
The unimaginably huge Divine Realm had changed its posture and direction.
Such an inconceivable thing could be easily achieved by just relying on these rings.
Luo Zheng could only sigh. The person who built this Divine Realm had such a miraculous method!
At this moment, Luo Zheng still felt a sense of accomplishment.
"But what power does the Divine Realm rely on to fly in the primal chaos?"
Among these seven rings, the two on top of his head allowed him to obtain a vast field of vision.
The four rings on his hands and feet allowed him to control the Divine Realm's posture.
There was only one ring left around his waist.
This time, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He released his divine sense again and immersed it into the ring!
When Luo Zheng connected with the ring around his waist, he suddenly felt four vast energy fluctuations!
"These energy fluctuations are so terrifying …"
Such a huge energy fluctuation was completely beyond Luo Zheng's understanding. It could be said that Luo Zheng could not describe how strong these four energies were!
Moreover, he could clearly sense that these four energies came from the four corners of the Divine Realm.
"Fusang, Ruo, Xunmu, and Jianmu!"
"I can use the power of the Four Great Divine Trees through this ring! These energies can move the entire Divine Realm! So that's how it is … The Four Great Divine Trees are like the power of this' ship '. They are also the oars of this ship. They can provide endless energy to allow the Divine Realm to fly in the primal chaos! "
Dongfang family, Jian family, and Xuanyue family …
Although the three families occupied Fusang, Ruo, and Xunmu respectively, they only received some protection from the Divine Trees. They could not use the power of the Divine Trees themselves.
If he wanted to use the Four Great Divine Trees, he could only use the ring around his waist to control them in this palace!
After thoroughly understanding, everything seemed to become simple.
Through the ring around his waist, Luo Zheng released the energy of the Four Great Divine Trees.
Soon, four torrents suddenly splashed out from the four corners of the Divine Realm below the primal chaos!
These four torrents had different colors, but when these torrents started splashing out, the speed of the Divine Realm's descent slowed down at a visible speed.
"What a powerful energy …"
These four forces directly dispelled the inertia of the falling Celestial Dominion. The Celestial Dominion stopped in the Primal Chaos and began to slowly rise!
"It's amazing!" Luo Zheng said excitedly.
The mission that Yu Taibai gave him could be considered completed.
All he had to do now was wait!
However, he did not leave the rings. He was still in the field of vision above the Divine Domain, watching it gradually rise.
But at this moment, he suddenly sensed a red light flashing from below …
When mortals looked up at the starry sky in the universe, they would only see the stars as small as the eye of a needle. That was because they were too far away from each other. In reality, the stars were countless times larger than what mortals could imagine.
And in the primordial chaos, the scale of distance was magnified a hundred thousand times, a million times!
That red light came from the top of a beast bone at the bottom of the chaos. Luo Zheng could see it at a glance. He could imagine how dazzling that red light was.
Luo Zheng looked over curiously and saw a red band of light spread out from the red light. This red band of light rapidly spread towards the Divine Realm at a speed visible to the naked eye!
"What is this thing? It's so fast …"
Luo Zheng's pupils opened wide.
There was still a long distance between the Divine Realm and the bottom of the chaos!
But in the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, this red light had crossed the boundless distance and rolled towards the Divine Realm!
Luo Zheng could not figure out what this red band of light was. No matter how he looked at it, it did not look like a good omen …
"Hurry up, run away!" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth.
Through the rings at his waist, he urged the four sacred trees to burst out more energy.
Unfortunately, for such an inconceivably huge object like the Divine Realm, whether it was reducing or increasing its speed, it would take a long time.
No matter how Luo Zheng urged it, the Divine Realm was still like a slow snail, slowly climbing upwards.
And the speed at which the band of light spread was much faster than the speed at which the Divine Realm was rising!
Two hours later, this red band of light finally wound around the surface of the Divine Realm. It was like a small winding snake winding around the surface of the Divine Realm.
After spending another two hours, the red band of light wound around the Divine Realm once.
Luo Zheng looked at this scene with his eyes wide open. There was almost nothing he could do!
Before he adjusted the direction of the Divine Realm, it had been falling, and it had probably been falling for many Divine Eras.
For such a long time, the red band of light did not appear.
He had just adjusted the direction of the Divine Realm to avoid the final result of the Divine Realm falling when a band of light appeared from below and entangled the Divine Realm.
It was too much of a coincidence …
"Someone doesn't want the ship, the Divine Realm, to leave …" Luo Zheng murmured.
But what kind of existence were the creatures that lived at the bottom of the chaos? What was their purpose?
Could it be that the person who released the band of light was on Dongfang Chunjun's side? It could even be the Nirvana Realm expert behind Dongfang Chunjun …
In an instant, Luo Zheng came up with countless inferences in his heart.
Originally, he was immersed in the joy of completing the mission. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that all his efforts had been in vain.
He continued to urge the energy in the four Divine Trees, trying to get rid of the band of light.
As the Divine Realm continued to rise, it gradually pulled the red band of light straight. But no matter how Luo Zheng unleashed the energy in the four Divine Trees, and even used his hands and feet to make the Divine Realm circle left and right, up and down, he could not break the red band of light. It could only maintain its current position, suspended in the chaos.
"This is troublesome …"
Luo Zheng's face was full of helplessness.
In the process of Luo Zheng's attempt, it also caused a certain degree of chaos in the Divine Realm.
After all, when the Divine Realm shook greatly, it would still cause a lot of trouble. For example, some large rivers and lakes would overflow, causing floods. Even a considerable part of the colorful seawater in the Sea of Time gushed out!
Whether it was the Gods or the True Gods, they were all in a state of panic.
Yu Taibai and Luo Yan, who were waiting in the forest, also looked at each other.
"Why is the Divine Realm shaking so violently?" Luo Yan asked.
Yu Taibai also frowned. "That shouldn't be …"
Although Yu Taibai had never left the Divine Realm, he knew more things than some Saints through his master.
It was definitely abnormal for the Divine Realm to shake so violently! What had Luo Zheng encountered in the process of controlling the Divine Realm?
After several attempts, Luo Zheng could only choose to give up in the end.

Chapter 2094
After jumping out of the rings, Luo Zheng didn't choose to leave immediately. Instead, he continued to explore the palace.
Behind the main hall, there was a large hall.
Luo Zheng pushed open the door of this large hall. After stepping inside, his expression changed slightly.
It turned out that this large hall was dozens of times wider and hundreds of times higher than the main hall with the seven rings! From the bottom to the top of the hall, it was probably thirty to forty thousand feet high …
If an ordinary mountain was moved to this large hall, it would probably be very spacious.
And in the center of the large hall, there was a huge statue erected.
"Three heads and six arms?"
This statue was thirty thousand feet high and had three heads.
The three heads looked exactly the same, but the head in front was angry, the head on the left was happy, and the head on the right was sad.
The six arms each held a different weapon.
Saber, sword, axe, dagger-axe, hammer, crossbow …
"This sword is Tengshe's sword!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This sculpted sword was exactly the same as the sword Hua Tianming used in the Illusory Battlefield!
"This is the statue of Chiyou himself!"
Luo Zheng quickly came to an answer.
The man that Luo Zheng saw in the Temple of Time was also the figure of Chiyou himself when he established the Divine Realm. That figure didn't have three heads and six arms.
This statue of Chiyou in front of him was probably another form of Chiyou's incarnation …
He looked at the statue for a while.
If it was really like what his mother said, and he was Chiyou's grandson, then Chiyou was his grandfather.
Such a powerful person who established the Divine Realm had no choice but to let his people escape. How powerful was the enemy he faced?
Luo Zheng shook his head …
That level of competition was already beyond his imagination.
Just like those huge beast bones at the bottom of the Primal Chaos outside the Divine Realm, Luo Zheng found it hard to describe the existence of such creatures in this world.
After sizing up the statue for a while, Luo Zheng looked at the wall behind the large hall.
Behind the large hall, there was a thirty to forty thousand feet high wall. And on the wall, there were many huge words.
"These words were left by Chi You himself." Luo Zheng's gaze followed the large characters on the wall.
Just like what his mother said, even Chiyou himself did not use Sanskrit. The words he carved on the wall were still ordinary words.
However, from this scribbled handwriting, Luo Zheng could feel the unyielding and humiliation in Chiyou's heart.
"I, Chiyou, am an expert in attacking and scheming. However, I was defeated by the Seven Continents. I am unwilling to accept this. I will build a boat and send millions of people to give my people a chance to live … I hope that the Primal Chaos Ancient God will protect my people!"
The words left on the wall were indeed similar to what his mother had said.
The reason why the Divine Realm was constructed was because Chi You had prepared a backup plan for the people.
Unfortunately, Chi You did not calculate that this path of retreat would be destroyed by the Xuan Yuan Wei before it could go very far.
Now, other than him, his mother, and that Elder Yuan, how many people were there in the God Realm? How many Chiyou Guards were there?
After sighing with emotion in his heart, he wandered around the hall and didn't notice anything special, so he chose to leave …
Three days later, it was still dusk.
When the sun once again reached the peak of Mount Ruo Mu, a figure holding an oil paper umbrella and stepping on a flying sword flew out from the roiling sea of fire.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
High up in the sky, Luo Zheng stepped on the flying sword and rapidly descended.
When he got out of the range of the sun's essence fire, he removed the light curtain on the Azure Parasol and put it away.
After falling like this for six hours, the continuous undulations of Ruo Mu finally appeared in front of him.
The flying sword under Luo Zheng's feet turned slightly. After determining a certain direction, it sped away …
The space of the Divine Realm was really too big. Even if Luo Zheng flew on the flying sword, it still took him several hours. It was not until five o 'clock in the morning that he arrived above Sword Transformation Divine City.
Just as he arrived above Sword Transformation Divine City, several guards of the Sword Race hurried over from below.
"Who dares to break into Sword Transformation Divine City!" A guard shouted.
Like most divine cities, Sword Transformation Divine City didn't allow flying. Luo Zheng was in a hurry to enter the city, so he naturally forgot about this.
However, these guards didn't recognize Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to explain, a figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. It was Jian Wuhen.
"Lord Wuhen!"
"Lord Wuhen!"
Although the Saints of the Sword Race often stayed in Sword Transformation Divine City, ordinary True Gods rarely had the chance to see them. At this moment, they were naturally very respectful.
"Don't be rude to the distinguished guest of the Sword Race," Jian Wuhen said indifferently.
"Yes!"
The guards cupped their hands and quickly retreated.
Jian Wuhen turned to Luo Zheng and smiled. "Everyone has been waiting for a long time." Then, he led Luo Zheng into Sword Transformation Divine City.
After a while, Yu Taibai, Luo Yan, and Jian Leiting all gathered together.
"Brother! Are you okay? "
Luo Yan was most concerned about whether his brother was injured or not.
"Under the protection of the Azure Parasol, the sun essence fire couldn't hurt me at all," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Yan nodded, only then did she feel relieved.
"Luo Zheng, what's the situation? Why is the divine realm shaking so violently? "Yu Taibai asked with concern.
"At first, I did succeed," Luo Zheng said with a frown. "It wasn't hard to control the divine realm from the palace."
"What about now?" Yu Taibai asked.
"After that, a red belt of light appeared from the bottom of the chaos. That belt of light wrapped around the entire Celestial Dominion. I tried to control the Celestial Dominion to break free from the red belt of light, but it was futile in the end … Now, the Celestial Dominion hasn't fallen, but it seems like it can't break free from the belt of light." Luo Zheng repeated what he had seen.
"Red belt of light? Binding the divine realm? "
Yu Taibai's eyebrows suddenly jumped.
Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting also looked at each other.
As Sages, they were well aware of the vastness of the divine realm. Even the universe they created was as small as an ant on the surface of the divine realm.
What kind of belt of light could bind the entire divine realm?
How long was this belt of light? How much power did it contain to be able to hold the Deity Realm back?
This was too inconceivable!
"Yes, I definitely didn't see wrong. I observed for a long time. This belt of light came from the bottom of the divine realm, the bottom of the chaos," Luo Zheng said with certainty.
Yu Taibai's expression became ugly.
The usually calm him rarely had such an ugly expression …
"Yu Taibai, how is it?" Jian Wuhen asked curiously.

Chapter 2095
As a Sage, Luo Xiao didn't know as much as other Sages.
In the beginning, all the living beings in the divine territory, including the Sages, thought that they were the only living beings in the chaos, and also the only world …
It wasn't until they discovered a large number of Sanskrit words that someone raised a guess.
They found traces of living beings above their level …
Later, Luo Xiao met Luoshui and realized that there was an even larger Mother World in the chaos.
Furthermore, the Mother World wasn't the only world.
At the bottom of the chaos, there was a group of living beings that had been cursed by the Ancient Gods. They were the otherworldly demons.
Yu Taibai had heard his master mention them before and naturally connected them to the Mother World.
"How strong are these otherworldly demons?" Jian Wuhen asked with concern.
Since the Sword race had chosen to stand on the side of justice, they were already prepared to fight against the powerful alliance. If other factions and powerful living beings were involved, the situation would become even more troublesome. Jian Wuhen was naturally very concerned about this.
Yu Taibai shook his head. "I'm not very sure. Master didn't reveal too much information."
After all, Luo Xiao's information about the outside world came from Li Luoshui. Li Luoshui didn't have much experience in the Mother World, and she had never seen a real otherworldly demon. She only knew that at the bottom of the chaos, there was a group of living beings that had been cursed by the Ancient Gods.
However …
They could release a red band of light that could envelop the Mother World, and they could survive in the chaos.
It wasn't hard to imagine how strong these otherworldly demons were.
"Doesn't that mean there's no way to deal with them?" Jian Wuhen asked again.
"Indeed." Yu Taibai nodded very honestly.
Jian Wuhen's face immediately revealed a bitter smile. Jian Leiting said bluntly, "I feel like I've been tricked by you!"
Yu Taibai was very calm. He smiled and said, "I didn't trick you. You were already on this boat. If one suffers, all suffers. If one prospers, all prospers. Sooner or later, you will all make this choice!"
Yu Taibai's reasoning was simple.
If they didn't help the Luo family, everyone would be finished sooner or later. If everyone worked together, they might have a chance of survival.
Therefore, the Sword race would definitely make this choice.
Jian Leiting and Jian Wuhen both agreed on this point.
"We don't have to worry about the otherworldly demons for now. At least the Mother World is no longer falling. Everything will proceed according to the original plan!" Yu Taibai said indifferently.
…
…
The game between the Luo family and the Dongfang family had lasted for many years.
However, Yu Taibai had taken advantage of the crisis in the Divine Realm to rope in other large clans, such as the Sword Clan and the Profound Moon Clan.
During this period of time, the Clan Alliance was unexpectedly quiet. They did not take revenge on the "Sword Clan", nor did they take any big actions.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to find his mother.
Although it was urgent for him to absorb the spirit crows and ascend to a higher level of True God, Luo Zheng also needed time to refine the Cheng Ying Sword!
Therefore, he chose to go into seclusion.
In the Sword Transformation Divine City, a secret cultivation room was arranged for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng sat upright in the secret room. He stretched out his hand and gently patted it. A scroll appeared in his hand.
This scroll recorded the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought.
Luo Zheng's usage of the True Meaning of the Dao was still at a relatively shallow level.
For example, Luo Zheng had only managed to fuse the True Meaning of Dao with Nature.
Of course, this might be different from the True Meaning of the Dao. The True Meaning of Dao was originally an auxiliary True Meaning of the Dao.
However, the "True Meaning of Annihilation" that Luo Yan cultivated was different. After she cultivated this True Meaning of the Dao, she seemed to be able to immediately use the divine abilities within.
He slowly unfolded the scroll and the large characters written by Elder Yuan entered his eyes.
As usual, Luo Zheng read it word by word.
Just like when he cultivated the True Meaning of Nature, there was nothing special about a single character. However, after reading it together, this True Meaning of Dao's mental cultivation method immediately gave Luo Zheng a considerable amount of pressure.
"Evil in one thought is the shore of mutual destruction. Mutual destruction, mutual destruction … Good in one thought is the guide of the Righteous Path …"
At the beginning, his progress was very smooth.
Perhaps it was because he had cultivated the True Meaning of Nature, but within six hours, Luo Zheng had already comprehended three thousand characters without much hindrance.
"This is much faster than when I cultivated the True Meaning of Nature!"
A tired smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Cultivating the True Meaning of Dao consumed a considerable amount of soul power.
However, he did not know that Elder Yuan was silently watching Luo Zheng in the deepest well of Ruo Mu.
The skin, flesh, and blood that he had previously condensed had completely rotted away. Now, he had once again turned into a skeleton.
As long as it was in Ruo Mu's branches and leaves, Elder Yuan could easily see through it. Moreover, Luo Zheng was in the core area of Ruo Mu.
"Talent, such talent is indeed formidable and terrifying. To comprehend one-third of the True Meaning of Good and Evil in six hours. Even in the Mother World, he would be a legendary genius …" After a conversation with Li Luoshui, Elder Yuan already knew about Luo Zheng's talent. A person who possessed the Thousand Fan Territory was definitely not an ordinary person. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng to be so monstrous.
After all, even the vast number of geniuses in the Mother World would find it difficult to fully comprehend a True Meaning of Dao in a short period of time.
Becoming a Nirvana Realm expert wasn't something that could be casually cultivated …
"I already knew that the Divine Realm was targeted by the Extraterrestrial Demons. I did not expect them to choose this time to make a move. Sigh …" After Luo Zheng returned to Ruo Mu, Elder Yuan also heard Luo Zheng's report.
"However, Luoshui said that you are the Son of Hope. Then, the fate of the entire Li Clan will be entrusted to you. I hope that you can lead us out of this difficult situation," Elder Yuan muttered.
"Hmm? You want to try the Chengying Sword now … Oh no, your understanding of A True Meaning of Good and Evil is still shallow. How can you control that sword! "Elder Yuan's empty eye sockets flickered with a trace of yellow light.
It turned out that Luo Zheng felt tired after comprehending the True Meaning of Good and Evil. Now, he actually began to fiddle with the Chengying Sword!
"I have already tested this sword before. It is just like an ordinary sword. It is a dead object." Luo Zheng held this extremely heavy sword with one hand. "If I want to use this sword, I have to rely on the True Meaning of Good and Evil! Let me try again! "
Luo Zheng began to silently recite the True Meaning of Good and Evil in his mind.
When this True Meaning of Dao was stimulated by Luo Zheng, he felt the sword in his hand begin to tremble slightly.
"As expected …" Luo Zheng was overjoyed and continued to stimulate the True Meaning of Dao.
After he stimulated the True Meaning of Good and Evil to a certain extent, a vague consciousness was suddenly transmitted from the sword.
This consciousness seemed to be telling Luo Zheng to make a choice. However, because the consciousness was rather vague, Luo Zheng was unable to distinguish and could only make a choice in confusion.

Chapter 2096
Elder Yuan looked at this scene quietly.
He was originally a little anxious and even wanted to intervene.
However, he quickly dispelled this thought and became calm.
"The Chengying Sword is a Taoist Sword …"
"Only those who have reached the Nirvana Realm can really control it."
"If you only want to use this sword, you only need to comprehend the complete One Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil. Otherwise, you will be controlled by the Taoist Sword and become the sword slave of the Chengying Sword! But since you are so talented, I wonder if you can get rid of the Chengying Sword? "
Elder Yuan looked at this scene silently.
Luo Shui convinced him and gave birth to a glimmer of hope in Elder Yuan's heart.
And this glimmer of hope was Luo Zheng!
What people were most afraid of was to have hope and then be disappointed, and then face despair.
Now Elder Yuan still had a glimmer of hope. If it was the right time, he would not hesitate to give up everything he had. But he hoped that everything would be valuable because of Luo Zheng!
"Come on, don't let me down! If you can really tame the Chengying Sword in the Lower True God Realm, I, Yuan Chengdao, will follow you for life! "Elder Yuan murmured.
In the secret room, the color in Luo Zheng's eyes gradually disappeared.
A strong Divine Sense burst out from the Chengying Sword. In the blink of an eye, this Divine Sense poured into his mind and spied on his soul …
This was the Sword Soul of the Chengying Sword!
The Chengying Sword had followed Elder Yuan for countless years and fought everywhere in the mother world. Under the infiltration of One Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil, it had already formed its own consciousness.
If one wanted to become the owner of the Chengying Sword, he must be recognized by it.
For example, he must have the complete One Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil!
There was another way, which was to use another True Meaning of Tao to erase the imprint in the Chengying Sword. But this was more demanding on the wielder. Unless he was an expert who had reached the Nirvana Realm, it was impossible to do it.
Now Luo Zheng could not do it in either way.
After he used One Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil to activate the sword, it immediately led to the counterattack of the Sword Soul in the Chengying Sword!
The moment the Sword Soul escaped into his mind, it bound his soul.
Luo Zheng's soul suddenly fell into boundless darkness.
He could no longer feel the existence of his body, and his connection with the outside world had completely disappeared.
"What the hell is going on?!"
Luo Zheng remained calm, but he also realized that he was in trouble.
Since this Chengying Sword was the sword of a Nirvana Realm expert, it was definitely not as simple as it looked.
In the darkness, something seemed to be rapidly approaching.
Although Luo Zheng couldn't see, in a moment of desperation, he quickly turned his soul around and tried to avoid the approaching thing …
However, his reaction speed was far inferior to that thing's.
"Chi!"
Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain in his soul.
This pain was countless times more intense than the pain of physical injuries. Luo Zheng's soul trembled.
Fortunately, the soul body was not like the body of flesh and blood. After being cut, no blood flowed out, and the soul quickly healed. However, Luo Zheng was still injured.
"It's the sword!"
Although he couldn't see it, Luo Zheng realized that it was a sword that hurt him, a sword in the form of a soul.
Just as he came to this conclusion, he sensed that the sword was approaching again.
However, this sword was too fast. Luo Zheng wanted to dodge, but he couldn't react in time. His soul was cut again.
The intense pain came again.
Although Luo Zheng's soul had lost contact with his body, fine beads of sweat had already appeared on Luo Zheng's forehead.
"There's actually such a powerful soul hidden in this Chengying Sword …"
Luo Zheng had a bad feeling in his heart.
Although his soul was far more powerful than an ordinary True God's, he couldn't fight back in this darkness.
He could only let the sword soul cut him bit by bit.
If this continued, his soul would become weaker and weaker, and sooner or later, it would be devoured by the sword soul!
Old Yuan didn't even remind him …
Luo Zheng was quite depressed.
The sword soul didn't care whether Luo Zheng was depressed or not. It continued to fly in the darkness!
No matter how Luo Zheng's soul escaped, the sword soul could always accurately cut Luo Zheng's soul.
"I can't go on like this …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly gave up on dodging. He stood still and waited for the sword soul to come closer.
No matter how powerful the sword soul was, he couldn't let it kill him!
"Phew …"
In the darkness, the sword soul came closer to him again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes turned cold. Suddenly, rays of golden light appeared on the surface of his soul!
Golden sword shadows kept revolving on the surface of his soul …
These rays of golden light broke through the darkness. Under the illumination, Luo Zheng saw a slender and elegant long sword.
However, this long sword was actually a soul, so there were some distorted ripples on its surface.
"This is the sword soul of the Chengying Sword!"
"Let's fight!"
Seeing that the sword soul revolved and slashed fiercely at him, those small golden swords on the surface of Luo Zheng's body also shot toward the sword soul of the Chengying Sword.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
At this moment, the collision between the souls also erupted with a metallic sound.
Although Luo Zheng's soul attack was very powerful, this sword soul was after all nurtured by the True Meaning of Dao. How could it be defeated so easily?
However, this time, Luo Zheng used his soul attack to continuously attack the sword soul. At the same time, he kept retreating. In the end, he avoided the sword soul's attack!
However, the sword soul circled around Luo Zheng's mind and flew toward him again. It seemed that it wouldn't give up until it destroyed Luo Zheng's soul.
A sword was actually so troublesome …
Luo Zheng did not expect that the sword that his mother had asked for for him would actually bring about a fatal disaster for him.
When people were on the verge of life and death, they could always erupt with powerful strength.
"Anatta Sword!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally activated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
Although Luo Zheng had been using the Emotion Severing Divine Dao in his swordsmanship, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was originally highly related to the soul.
It could be said that the foundation of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was the soul.
"Buzz buzz …"
The sword-shaped radiance on the surface of his body became more and more intense.
When the sword soul approached again, thick golden sword-lights escaped from his soul and formed a golden river that surged toward the sword soul.
"Ding ding ding ding …"
Under the scouring of the river formed by the golden sword-lights, the sword soul was immediately submerged.
The sword soul obviously wanted to go against the current, but it only lasted for two or three breaths of time before it was pushed away.
Luo Zheng's eyes were expressionless. Relying on the golden radiance emitted by his body, he calmly looked at the sword …
A cold soul and an emotionless sword soul confronted each other in Luo Zheng's mind.

Chapter 2097
Luo Zheng was in a state of absolute calmness. He stared coldly at the sword soul.
However, the sword soul didn't give Luo Zheng too much time. After hovering in Luo Zheng's mind for two or three breaths, the sword edge continued to charge at Luo Zheng in a strangling manner.
"Again!"
The light in Luo Zheng's cold eyes was as bright as the stars in the sky.
The sword soul of the Cheng Ying Sword was, after all, just a spiritual body. It was not a real "sword". After constant consumption, he would be able to take it down!
As a result, the golden light of Luo Zheng's soul shone brightly again … …
Because Luo Zheng was in the secret chamber, the Sword Tribe, Yu Taibai, and Luo Yan didn't notice the abnormality.
Yuan Chengdao was the only one who was quietly observing everything.
However, Yuan Chengdao was in a dilemma at the moment.
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng couldn't subdue this sword with his current strength. It was more likely that he would become the sword slave of the Cheng Ying Sword!
However, on the other hand, he had great expectations. He hoped that Luo Zheng could subdue this sword with his own strength. Only such a guy was qualified for his wholehearted support.
Two hours … …
Luo Zheng was still sitting in the secret chamber silently.
Because the Cheng Ying Sword had the "Soul Extinction Seal", it had completely isolated Luo Zheng from the sword soul. Even Yuan Chengdao didn't know what was happening in Luo Zheng's mind.
Four hours … …
Yuan Chengdao couldn't bear it any longer.
If Luo Zheng really became the sword soul of the Cheng Ying Sword, it would be too late even if Yuan Chengdao took action. At that time, Luo Zheng's soul would suffer some irreversible damage.
Four hours … …
At this moment, Yuan Chengdao was a little confused. No matter what, the outcome should have been decided.
A battle at the soul level wasn't like magical powers or martial arts. When two people's strengths were equal, they could exchange blows.
Many battles at the soul level were usually decided in an instant. There was simply no room to maneuver. However, Luo Zheng had persisted for more than four hours. The sword soul of the Cheng Ying Sword was still in Luo Zheng's mind. What were they doing?
"Forget it. I'd better stop him first … …"
Yuan Chengdao waved his skeleton-like arm.
A wisp of invisible soul energy moved along the deep well on his side, moving quickly like a tree.
Yuan Chengdao had been severely cursed, and it was difficult for him to leave Ruomu's side. His combat strength had been greatly reduced, but his soul had not suffered much damage …
In the blink of an eye, the soul ripple had already reached the Sword Transformation God City.
The moment this soul fluctuation entered the Sword Transformation Divine City, Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and Jian Leiting's expressions changed drastically.
Even Luo Yan, Sword Mastiff, and many other True Gods felt it.
"Whose soul is this? How can it be so strong?" Yu Taibai's silhouette flickered as he left the palace. His face was filled with vigilance.
It was the same for Jian Lei Ting and Jian Wuhen … The two Saints had already entered a state of battle!
The fluctuation of this soul was not vast, but the aura condensed within it was even stronger than the soul of a Sage!
As for the other Real Gods, they did not even dare to breathe loudly.
At this moment, it was as though a giant beast that was above a Sage had arrived. All the weak living beings felt an irresistible fear in their hearts.
This soul fluctuation appeared in the center of the Sword Transformation Divine City. It stopped for a breath's time before moving towards the south of the city!
"Luo Zheng?"
Yu Taibai's eyes revealed a trace of fear. The secret cultivation room that the Sword Tribe had arranged for Luo Zheng was in the south of the city. Luo Zheng was currently in seclusion there.
His silhouette flickered as he disappeared from his original spot.
When Yu Taibai reappeared, Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting were already there.
The three of them exchanged glances with each other before turning their gazes towards the mansion below. The mansion below was Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room. At this moment, the soul fluctuation had already entered the mansion!
"What do we do?"
"Who released this soul fluctuation?!"
The two Sages stared at Yu Taibai and asked.
This soul was too strong. Even if they wanted to stop it, they would not be able to.
"I did not feel any hostility from this soul," Yu Taibai said calmly.
If this soul wanted to kill Luo Zheng's soul, it would be as easy as crushing an ant.
They could only pray that this soul would not harm Luo Zheng.
In the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng was still sitting upright. He maintained a meditative state and was completely immersed in his mind.
Just as the soul fluctuation approached Luo Zheng and was about to enter Luo Zheng's mind, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
At the same time, the surface of the Chengying Sword in his hand flashed with a trace of green sword light!
"Buzz!"
Luo Zheng was originally sealed by the Spirit Isolation Seal of the Chengying Sword and was unable to sense any movement outside his mind. Naturally, he did not notice Yuan Chengdao's soul fluctuation.
Hence, the moment he opened his eyes, he grabbed the Chengying Sword almost reflexively and chose to counterattack!
The cyan sword light suddenly flashed by and chopped at Yuan Chengdao's soul …
Caught off guard, the soul was cut into two halves.
However, the two halves of the soul did not dissipate. Instead, they slowly turned into gray shadows. These shadows gradually outlined themselves and finally turned into Yuan Chengdao's appearance.
"Elder Yuan!" Luo Zheng was stunned.
He did feel that the soul's aura was somewhat familiar. However, when something suddenly broke into the secret cultivation room, anyone would choose to attack!
Yuan Chengdao's soul shadow floated in the secret cultivation room and looked down at Luo Zheng. His face stared at Luo Zheng with a trace of unconcealable surprise. "You tamed the Chengying Sword?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"How did you do it?" Yuan Chengdao asked, puzzled.
The two methods that Yuan Chengdao thought of were impossible for Luo Zheng to accomplish smoothly at his current stage.
Luo Zheng blinked and said, "The sword soul kept attacking in my mind … Later, I cut it into pieces and it completely merged with my soul …"
Hearing this, Yuan Chengdao was silent for a long time and then asked slowly, "That's it?"
"That's it …" Luo Zheng curled his lips and looked somewhat dissatisfied.
How was it simple?
The sword soul of this sword was like a madman, constantly attacking Luo Zheng without any pause.
Luo Zheng also gritted his teeth and constantly urged his soul strength to fight against the sword soul.
These few hours, Luo Zheng did not even know how he endured it.
Fortunately, the light on the surface of the sword soul suddenly dimmed and finally turned into little soul fragments, which merged with Luo Zheng's soul and freed him from the Spirit Isolation Seal.
Hearing Yuan Chengdao's words, Luo Zheng naturally felt somewhat helpless …

Chapter 2098
Noticing Luo Zheng's dissatisfied expression, Yuan Chengdao laughed.
His laugh was very relaxed …
"Good, very good … Hahaha!"
Amidst a burst of laughter, the soul gradually dissipated.
Yu Taibai, Jian Wuhen, and the others sensed the dissipation of the soul and immediately looked at Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room with concern.
The door to the secret cultivation room opened and Luo Zheng slowly walked out with a sword in his hand.
"Luo Zheng, are you alright? What happened just now? "Yu Taibai asked with concern.
Luo Zheng was surprised to see the two Sages and Yu Taibai rushing over. He smiled and said, "There was an accident when I was cultivating …"
"This sword …"
Jian Leiting stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
After the Sword Soul of the Chengying Sword fused with Luo Zheng, it was completely refined by Luo Zheng.
Jian Wuhen and Jian Leiting were the two most powerful Sages in the Sword Tribe. They had an extremely keen eye for all the famous swords in the world.
It could be said that 80% of the best swords in the entire God Realm were in the Sword Tribe.
They could tell at a glance that the Chengying Sword was extraordinary.
"The aura emitted by this sword seems to be very similar to the True Meaning of Good and Evil. This sword doesn't seem to be from the God Realm!" Jian Wuhen said.
In the Battle of Paths, Luo Zheng was brought into the Divine Well by Li Luoshui. Jian Wuhen and the others didn't know the situation inside and naturally didn't know where the sword in Luo Zheng's hand came from.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng slowly raised the Chengying Sword.
After fusing with the fragments of the Sword Soul, he realized that his understanding of swords had reached a new level.
Now, this sword was like his arm and could be considered as one.
"This sword was given to me by the owner of the soul just now," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"It's the sword of that Nirvana Realm expert?" Jian Wuhen's eyes widened slightly.
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded.
After fusing with the Sword Soul, Luo Zheng was already familiar with several supernatural powers of the Shadow Bearing Sword. However, in the Battle of Dao, he was still affected by the True Meaning of Benevolence and was unable to use them.
He was very interested to see how much power he could unleash from the Shadow Bearing Sword!
However, at this stage, he still needed to cultivate the True Meaning of Good and Evil. Everything would have to wait until he left the Dao Battle Grounds.
…
…
In the sky above the Sea of Time.
A figure slowly walked out of a cave at the top of the mountain.
Because Mu Haiji had directly attacked Luo Xiao's Huan Yu, he was punished by the Governing Slate to face the wall in a giant mountain and reflect on his actions.
The punishment of the Governing Slate was not fixed, but there was still a general pattern that could be followed.
Some rules had very severe punishments, such as attacking the floating islands of other wealthy clans without permission. If the violation of such rules was serious enough, one's life would be directly erased by the Governing Slate …
However, the Sage was not afraid of this move.
To Saints, lost lives could be recreated. After all, this was the meaning of becoming a Saint.
Sacrificing one's life in exchange for the other party's floating island and the tens of thousands of disciples on it could be revived after a period of time. No matter how one looked at it, it was a worthwhile trade.
Later on, the Governing Slate had other punishments for Saints.
Just like Mu Haiji, he was locked up in that giant mountain to reflect on his actions. In other words, he was imprisoned …
Some Saints who violated the rules of the Governing Slate would be punished for a divine era, or even several divine eras.
Behind this giant mountain, there was not just one cave, but as many as several hundred caves.
Apart from Mu Haiji, there were three other Saints, including the famous "Clipping Ceremony". The "Clipping Ceremony" that had once been famous had long since declined. The floating island had long since fallen into the sea of time. The entire "Clipping Ceremony" was no longer as glorious as it had been.
However, there was still hope for the "Clipping Ceremony". After all, they only needed to wait until the "Clipping Ceremony" left the cave in the giant mountain. Once he was released, the "Clipping Ceremony", which had a Saint, would rise again sooner or later.
However, the "Clipping Ceremony" had been punished for ten eras. Only half an era had passed, so it would be quite a long time before he was released.
Mu Haiji's attack on Luo Xiao's Universe was a rather serious matter.
According to the ninety-third rule of the Governing Slate, Mu Haiji had to be locked up for at least three divine eras!
Dongfang Chunjun could not wait that long!
Three divine eras. By the time Mu Haiji was released, the war in the divine realm would have already been decided!
Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled within the giant mountain …
Thick lightning bolts were like frightening dragons, crazily rolling, coiling, and exploding. They radiated an aura that even Saints would fear.
A figure shot out, passing through the lightning bolts.
It was Dongfang Chunjun!
He carried a giant ink brush on his shoulder.
This ink brush was as long as a person, and it looked like a giant broom.
The tip of the ink brush was embedded with a row of emerald green hairs. It was unknown what kind of vicious creature these hairs came from, but they emitted waves of gentle light.
In a short while, Dongfang Chunjun had already flown to the top of the giant mountain.
At the top of this huge mountain stood a tall stone slab, and on the stone slab, there were densely packed words written on it.
Every word represented a rule of the divine realm!
The consequences of violating these rules were very serious. Since ancient times, very few people had been able to avoid the punishment of this slate.
Of course …
There had been more of them recently.
For example, those stowaways …
In the past two to three years, people had frequently stowaways into the divine realm from the universe.
However, they had all avoided the punishment of the Governing Slate.
Dongfang Chunjun sent people to investigate carefully, but they did not find any traces of stowaways.
He knew that those stowaways must have come from the Great Expansion Universe, but after Yu Taibai went around the Jiang family, he was really helpless.
In the end, he simply ignored them …
The stowaways in the universe were just a group of Proving Gods. So what if they were Lower True Gods? Could they change the situation?
Even if they could, there was no time. He no longer planned to deal with Yu Taibai. It was time for this game to end.
"The ninety-third rule …"
Swoosh!
Dongfang Chunjun's figure floated up, his fingers holding the giant ink brush, and his eyes narrowed slightly.
He then patted, and a brocade pouch appeared from his waist.
The Sumeru Space in this brocade pouch was very large, equivalent to a great world …
And there were countless Shenwu coins stored in this great world!
Over the years, in addition to the Dongfang family's Shenwu coins, the Wealthy Clan Alliance would also hand over half of their Shenwu coins to Dongfang Chunjun.
In terms of accumulation of Shenwu coins, the Dongfang family had dozens of times more than any other wealthy clan.
"I am destined to write the rules. What right do you have to fight me?"

Chapter 2099
Erasing the words on the Governance Slate also required Shenwu Coins.
How many Shenwu coins did it take to write the words? Erasing the words would cost an equivalent amount of Shenwu coins.
Depending on how strong the restriction was and who the target was, the amount of Shenwu coins required was also different.
For example, the ninety-third rule only prohibited Saints from directly attacking the universe of their opponents. The restriction wasn't strong, and it wasn't targeted at any one person. Thus, the amount of Shenwu coins required to write this rule wasn't too high.
Dongfang Chunjun's ink brush continued to scribble on the giant tablet.
The Shenwu coins in his brocade pouch disappeared piece by piece, transforming into a special kind of energy that flowed along the ink brush and onto the tablet …
The words "Divine Era" in the ninety-third rule began to blur, finally disappearing from the tablet.
After erasing the words, Dongfang Chunjun checked the brocade pouch. As he'd expected, the amount of Shenwu coins he'd spent wasn't too high.
Of course, this amount was still quite shocking even for some wealthy families …
Then, he continued to wave the brush in his hand and wrote a new unit of unit, "Year", replacing "Divine Era".
According to the previous punishment, Mu Haiji would be imprisoned for three full Divine Eras. After the change, it was only three years.
The moment he wrote down the new rule, a layer of light covered the entire tablet. This meant that the new rule had taken effect.
At the same time …
In the cave behind the giant mountain …
The invisible energy that had been reverberating in the cave had disappeared.
From the moment Mu Haiji had been captured, he'd been suppressed by an enormous power.
This power only affected him. No one else could feel it.
Thus, others could enter the cave to visit Mu Haiji, but he couldn't leave.
"Hm?"
Mu Haiji's eyes flashed, and he suddenly stood up.
Soon, a figure floated in from the entrance of the cave. It was Dongfang Chunjun!
"Brother Chunjun, this is …" Mu Haiji looked puzzled.
"I've changed the rules on the tablet," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"What?!" Mu Haiji was stunned.
Although he was imprisoned here, he was not completely ignorant of the outside world. Every time something big happened in the outside world, Mu Xuerong would come to report to him.
He knew that the Tyrant Alliance had suffered a crushing defeat. Not only did they fail to stop Luo Zheng, they even lost many of their people.
"You felt the tremors in the Divine Realm some time ago, right?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
Mu Haiji nodded.
"From the looks of it, it's impossible for the Divine Territory to fall. We can only take the initiative," Dongfang Chunjun said.
"Brother Chun Jun, what do you plan to do?" Mu Haiji's eyes flashed.
Leng Clan, Mu Clan, Tang Clan …
There was naturally a reason why these wealthy families were willing to join the alliance formed by the Dongfang family.
If the Divine Realm were to fall, the millions of living beings in the entire Divine Realm would be annihilated. Only the Saints of the other major clans would be able to survive. Even their inner worlds would be destroyed.
But they wouldn't.
Dongfang Chunjun had already prepared an escape route for them.
He would directly erase the rule on the Governing Slate that limited the number of True Gods in the universe. At the same time, he would strip all the universes from the Divine Realm …
These Saints, including Mu Haiji, would lead their clansmen to follow Dongfang Chunjun and head to the vaster Mother World.
"Help me control the Abyss Demon Region," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly. "The power in the Abyss Demon Region is enough to destroy the entire Divine Realm!"
"Control the Abyss Demon Region …"
Mu Haiji's eyebrows twitched slightly.
For Saints, there were not many places in the Divine Realm that they could not go to.
For example, if a Saint were to enter the Sea of Time, it might be dangerous, but it was not absolute …
However, the Abyss Demon Region was different.
Although the Abyss Demon Region was known as a Rank-6 Forbidden Area, it was difficult for even Saints to set foot in the lowest level of the Abyss Demon Region.
"It's too difficult." Mu Haiji shook his head. "The evil faith of the Divine Realm has gathered there for countless years. Can we do it?"
"He will help us," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"That Xuan Yuan Wei?" Mu Haiji asked.
"Yes," Dongfang Chunjun replied. "There's not much time left. Even if we don't act, the Luo Family will sooner or later. Luo Shui … will also act."
Hearing this, Mu Haiji's face showed a hint of helplessness.
From the bottom of his heart, Mu Haiji greatly respected his elder brother, Dongfang Chunjun. Whether it was talent, scheming, or even perseverance and patience, he was extremely outstanding. Even among Saints, there were few who could compare to him.
However, this person could not see through the word "love".
That Li Clan woman and Luo Xiao already had a son and a daughter, but Dongfang Chunjun still could not forget her. Mu Haiji could not understand this.
However, since Dongfang Chunjun was willing to do it himself, Mu Haiji could not say anything.
Everyone was in the same boat and stood on the same side. Moreover, Dongfang Chunjun never went back on his promises.
…
…
Luo Zheng cultivated in the Ruomu Region for less than half a month.
However, at this stage, he could only focus on One Thought of Good and Evil. In terms of cultivation, Luo Zheng did not improve much. He was still a lower True God.
After almost grasping the "Shadow Bearing Sword" and One Thought of Good and Evil, Yu Taibai, Luo Zheng, and Luo Yan left the Battle of Dao.
After Luo Zheng activated the Gen Token, he directly returned to the Immortal Abode.
This time, Luo Zheng had only left the Immortal Abode for a few months.
Unexpectedly, during this period of time, Xun had relied on her own comprehension to attain the Divine Dao!
However, Xun still couldn't enter the Divine Realm as she pleased. After she became a "creature of the same level," she wouldn't be torn apart by the Divine Realm, but she would still be sensed by the Governing Slate. She would be wanted by the Governing Slate.
However, this time, it was Yu Taibai who accompanied them. After he learned of this situation, he took responsibility for it.
After all, it was Luo Xiao who taught Yu Taibai about Blood Change. Yu Taibai then let Xingwei enter the Great Yan Universe to establish the Demi-Immortal Clan.
If Yu Taibai could help them change their blood one by one, they would become True Gods in the future and be able to move freely in the Divine Domain.
When he returned to the Immortal Abode this time, Luo Zheng did not see Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng. Even Aunt Hanjiu was not in the Immortal Abode.
It turned out that after Aunt Hanjiu sent Luo Zheng to a place of no attack, she quickly returned to the Takiguan Forest and helped the two Gu brothers take control of the Takiguan Forest. She had not returned yet.
As for how to take control of the Takiguan Forest, Gu Bei probably already had a plan. Yu Taibai also did not plan to interfere.

Chapter 2100
Luo Zheng stayed in Immortal Mansion for three days.
Luo Yan also met Ning Yudie, Xun and the others.
However, Luo Yan was most interested in her little nephew.
During this time, Luo Nian was still traveling and cultivating inside the gourd. In the end, Luo Yan entered the gourd and forcibly pulled him out.
According to Luo Nian's character, he wouldn't have given up on 'extorting' his aunt.
However, after Luo Yan pulled Luo Nian out of the gourd, he was very obedient, not daring to disobey his aunt.
It turned out that Luo Yan and Luo Nian were family after all. Naturally, she was merciless in teaching Luo Nian a lesson. In the world of the gourd, she taught him a good lesson. After leaving the gourd, Luo Nian also became honest.
Three days later, just as Yu Taibai was preparing to leave with Luo Zheng.
Suddenly, a red light soared into the sky from inside the Takiguan Forest. The group of people in Immortal Mansion saw it clearly.
That crimson light spiraled up like a tornado, containing a terrifying power.
Not long after, a sharp roar was heard.
"Judging from the degree of the sound's attenuation, it should be thirty thousand li away from Immortal Mansion. That's the heart of the Takiguan Forest," Yu Taibai said with a frown.
Luo Zheng's eyes twinkled, "Is it Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng?"
"Yes," Yu Taibai nodded, "Perhaps they've reached a critical moment."
"Should we go help?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yu Taibai shook his head, "You're more important!"
"But they …" Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"Master and the others have already considered the possibility of failure. This isn't something you should worry about," Yu Taibai said while staring at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face showed helplessness. Since Yu Taibai was so insistent, he couldn't say anything.
However, not long after the voice sounded, a white streak of light flew towards the immortal mansion. It was Jing Wuhuan himself.
Jing Wu Huan had the appearance of a young boy. He was spotless from head to toe, like a character from a celestial painting. But at this moment, Jing Wu Huan's body was full of injuries. Half of his ear was missing, and one of his hands was burnt black.
After rushing into the Immortal Mansion, Jing Wuhuan noticed Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng. He was slightly surprised. "Brother Taibai, long time no see." Then he asked with concern, "How is the situation?"
Jing Wuhuan naturally asked about the Dao Battle Ground.
Yu Taibai smiled and said to Jing Wuhuan, "It was very successful."
Jing Wu Huan nodded. "That's good."
"What about you guys?" Yu Taibai pointed towards the depths of the forest.
That scarlet light was gradually dissipating, but Jing Wu Huan was the only one who could be seen, which was worrying.
"It's a bit troublesome. Fortunately, Aunt Han Jiu is holding that guy back. That Waterfall Bird seems to have evolved over the years. Honoured Master has miscalculated," Jing Wu Huan shrugged and added, "But it doesn't matter, I can handle it!"
Yu Taibai was a core disciple of the Luo clan, while Jing Wuhuan was a core disciple of the Gu clan.
Both of them were monstrous figures in the Absolute Circle. Although their masters were on good terms and belonged to the same faction, they still faintly wanted to compete.
Yu Taibai had taken control of Bu Zhou Ling Mountain before Jing Wuhuan, which had already made Jing Wuhuan unhappy. However, his master had ordered him to wait for Luo Zheng to enter the Divine Domain before he had the qualifications to enter Takeshi Xuan Forest.
So when Jing Wuhuan deduced that Luo Zheng had already entered the Divine Domain, he immediately rushed to the Waterfall Forest with Yu Shen Feng.
"I can help you, but you have to send Luo Zheng away first." Yu Taibai smiled.
Who knew that Jing Wuhuan waved his hand. "You should take care of your own matters first. We don't need you here …"
After saying that, Jing Wuhuan went straight to the Pill Refining Room.
It wasn't easy to gain control of a Rank 6 Forbidden Area.
For example, Yu Taibai had already taken control of Buzhou Spirit Mountain a long time ago, but it wasn't until recently that he had truly taken control of it.
"Let's go. This guy loves to show off." Yu Taibai smiled.
"You're really not going to help?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"I'll come back after sending you there." Yu Taibai said.
Luo Zheng accepted Yu Taibai's suggestion. His goal was to go to Liuren Domain to see his mother. Once he reached his destination, he only needed to use the Gen Token to send Yu Taibai back. This wouldn't take much time. Moreover, looking at Jing Wuhuan, it didn't seem like he was in a hurry.
If Luo Zheng went to Liuren Domain by himself, with his speed, it would take him a long time to cross one or two domains. Moreover, it was very likely that he would attract some unexpected trouble along the way.
After leaving Luo Yan in Immortal Mansion and hurriedly saying goodbye to Ning Yudie and Xun, Yu Taibai and Luo Zheng once again left Takeshima Forest.
Yu Taibai was a Great Circle Paragon, so the distance he could move through space was far inferior to Jian Wuhen and Aunty Hanjiu's. But, the frequency at which Yu Taibai used space was much higher. Luo Zheng felt himself constantly shuttling through space. The scene in front of him rapidly changed, and he had no idea how far he had traveled.
Roughly eight hours later, a large city appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"Liuren Divine City, Han Family's ancestral land." Yu Taibai said, "Where is Master's wife?"
"West of Liuren Ascension, Tie Family," Luo Zheng said.
Whoosh!
After confirming the location, Yu Taibai once again teleported with Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng had first entered the Divine Realm, it had taken him half a month to travel from Liuren Divine City to Tie Family. With this teleportation, it only took him the blink of an eye.
After arriving above Tie Family, Yu Taibai flicked his finger. A milky white screen of light immediately enveloped the two of them.
Luo Zheng had returned to this place. Naturally, he didn't want to alarm anyone. The milky white screen of light could completely conceal their auras. After all, although Tie Family was only a third-rate family, it still had a middle True God overseeing it.
In midair, Luo Zheng identified the place, then said, "It's here!"
"Let's go down." Yu Taibai brought Luo Zheng down.
The moment Yu Taibai touched the layer of soil, the soil automatically melted. The two of them were like arrows shot into the ground, entering it without being noticed.
At the same time, Yu Taibai flipped his hand and threw out a white flag.
This flag flew out of the ground and stuck into the ground. A gust of wind blew, and it expanded, forming an illusory formation.
This formation flag was one of the Luo Family's most precious treasures. Apart from Great Perfection Immortals, ordinary True Gods were unable to see through it. Furthermore, it was practically impossible for Great Perfection Immortals to approach this area. Naturally, it could conceal this place.
Not long after Yu Taibai brought Luo Zheng underground, they ran into a layer of gangue.