Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.3

Chapter 2592
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Method to Recover the Li Clan
After a Saint was conferred as a Saint, the other Saints would usually welcome them at the Saint Hall.
It was a new circle for the newly promoted Saints, even though there were only a few dozen people in it.
However, the situation was different this time. Too many things had happened in the Divine Realm.
The Aristocrat Alliance was essentially formed by the Xuanyuan Guard. Previously, they had been at odds with Luo Zheng and the others. Now that Luo Zheng had single-handedly overthrown the entire Xuanyuan Guard, no one in the entire Divine Dominion dared to oppose them.
Especially the scene of Qing Emperor being killed, it left a deep impression in the minds of all the Saints.
Luo Zheng was not restricted by the rules of the Governing Slate. He could easily destroy the other party's universe. It could be said that the fate of the Saints was in Luo Zheng's hands. For a moment, the Saints had placed themselves in a troublesome position.
If Luo Zheng really pursued the Saints of the Wealthy Clan Alliance, what should they do?
"Revise the rules?"
"It's extremely difficult to change even one of the rules on the Governing Slate. Can he revise it at will?"
"Luo Zheng summoned us. Let's go …"
Leng Wuyu and the other newly promoted Saints did not know what had happened outside the Saint Mountain. Hearing that Luo Zheng had summoned the Saints for an audience? He felt that it was rather strange.
Luo Zheng was powerful, but it was not to the extent that he could command all the Saints at will, right?
Especially the Saint Emperor of the Leng Clan, Tang Lun, Mu Haiji, and the others. It was impossible for them to listen to this guy's orders …
However, the next scene made Leng Wuyu and the others dumbfounded.
The Saints came one after another. The moment they appeared, they cupped their hands and bowed to Luo Zheng.
"How can this guy make the Saints submit …" Leng Wuyu's heart was in turmoil.
Tang Lun, Leng Yao, Fang Shixing, and the other Saints' expressions were extremely unnatural.
They were extremely unwilling to come to the Saint Hall to meet Luo Zheng, but they had no choice but to come!
These people had attacked Luo Zheng many times in the past. Now that Luo Zheng wanted to settle the score, none of them could escape.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept past the Saints' faces. He did not reveal any emotions. Instead, he said faintly, "There's one person short. Why is Mu Haiji not here?"
"Mu Haiji …" Tang Lun also had some doubts.
During this period of time, Tang, Fang, Leng, Qin, and the other Saints of the original Aristocratic Alliance had gathered together to discuss countermeasures, but they had never seen Mu Haiji.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, a spatial fluctuation spread out, and a figure quietly appeared. It was Mu Haiji.
Mu Haiji and Luo Zheng looked at each other. Then, Mu Haiji braced himself and said, "I found something in the Great Extreme Space. I think it will be of great use to you, Luo Zheng."
As Mu Haiji spoke, he released a flying boat from his spatial ring. This was the High Firmament Flying Boat used by the Xuan Yuan Guards.
Seeing the flying boat, Luo Zheng says with a faint smile: "You need so many days to figure out a flying boat? Or have you thought about using this flying boat to escape to the Outer Realm? "
Hearing this, Mu Haiji's expression changed slightly. He immediately said, "The God's Domain is the foundation of us Saints. I have no intention of escaping!"
"Unfortunately, you are a Saint. Your inner world has fused with the universe, so you can't escape. If you were a Perfection Saint or a Quasi-Saint, I'm afraid the situation would be different, right?" Luo Zheng questioned.
Mu Haiji's expression changed slightly. He didn't dare to argue with Luo Zheng.
When Mu Haiji found this flying boat, he did have such an idea. If he could use this flying boat to escape to the mother world, it might be a way out. However, he was a Saint after all, and the Great Extreme Universe was a place that made him successful, but it also bound him.
After thinking about it, he could only obediently hand over the flying boat.
Mu Haiji didn't know that everything in the God's Domain was under Luo Zheng's control.
From time to time, powerful lightning bolts would burst out from the top of the Sea of Time. These lightning bolts shot out in all directions.
It didn't matter if they were hiding deep underground or in space, they couldn't escape the Lightning Tribulation.
Of the remaining five Xuanyuan Guards, three had already died. Only Wei Xian and another Xuanyuan Guard were left. Each of them cast an extremely powerful barrier and struggled to hold on. Wei Xian even drilled into the depths of the Black Fire Torrent.
However, these two Xuanyuan Guards were already at the end of their rope under the baptism of the lightning bolts. In less than three to five days, they would be completely struck by the lightning bolts.
Luo Zheng knew the movements of these Xuanyuan Guards anytime and anywhere. Of course, he also knew about the existence of this flying boat.
If Mu Haiji wanted to escape with the flying boat, Luo Zheng would immediately stop him. Moreover, he didn't dare to do so.
Luo Zheng didn't continue to pursue this issue. Instead, he said to all the Saints, "Today, I summoned all the Saints here to tell you that the rules of the God's Domain will be revised."
"The rules will be revised?"
"Then can the rules on the Governing Slate be changed at will?"
"…"
The Saints immediately discussed spiritedly. This was their biggest doubt.
Those rules not only limited the power of the Saints, but also protected them from killing each other.
"All the rules on the Governing Slate have already been erased by me," Luo Zheng replied.
Hearing this, the Saints all opened their mouths wide.
Especially the newly advanced Saints. Leng Wuyu stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
To the Saints, the Governing Slate was an ironclad rule that could not be violated. Yet, this fellow had actually flattened all the rules?
"In the future, there won't be any rich and powerful families. The only existence in the God's Domain that can surpass the sea of time will be my Li Clan," Luo Zheng announced.
When Luo Zheng said this, the Saints were also somewhat dumbfounded.
They more or less knew some of the legends of the Sacred Clan. That was the legendary Li Clan.
But hadn't the Sacred Clan been completely wiped out?
Just as the Saints were puzzled, Luo Zheng continued, "The God's Domain originally belonged to the Li Clan. I'm only doing this to return what belongs to them."
Li Luoshui's biggest dream was to awaken all the Li Clan members.
Although these Li Clan members had fallen countless years ago, their memories still existed. Once Li Luoshui completely controlled the reincarnation soul artifact, she could indeed do it.
The only problem was the bloodline. After reincarnating, the Li Clan members would only have their memories, but their bloodline no longer existed.
However, the problem of bloodline could be left to Elder Jin and the others to solve.
Actually, Li Luoshui's idea was more radical. In her eyes, everything in the God's Domain belonged to the Li Clan, including the Gods and the True Gods.
According to her idea, she could "awaken" all the Li Clan members. This was equivalent to forcefully stuffing the memories of the Li Clan members into everyone's minds. After all, these people were the reincarnations of the Li Clan members.
However, Luo Zheng, Luo Xiao, and the others were opposed to this. After all, this was too unreasonable. It was equivalent to erasing the memories of everyone in the God's Domain.
Thus, they chose a compromise, which was to let the newly born Gods in the God's Domain inherit the memories of the Li Clan members.

Chapter 2593
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Mu Ning
When Luo Zheng told them about the Li Clan's revival plan, the Sages fell silent.
No matter which side they stood on, they could not support Luo Zheng.
If the Li Clan really returned to the divine territory, they would occupy a large amount of the divine territory's resources.
These rich and powerful clans would even face competition with the ubiquitous Gods in the divine territory. How could they compete with the race that created this world?
But so what if they did not support him? Who could oppose Luo Zheng?
Moreover, what Luo Zheng said was not without reason. The divine territory originally belonged to the Li Clan. What they did was just returning it to its rightful owner.
Sage Bai Zixing coughed twice and asked, "But when the Li Clan grows stronger in the future, how can we coexist peacefully with them?"
"I will revise the rules. In the future, when fighting for the position of Sage, we will not fight with our lives. Instead, we will fight for a ranking in the Divine Jade Wall. Only the strongest few will be allowed to enter the Saint Mountain," Luo Zheng replied.
The process of fighting for the Holy Spring in the Saint Mountain was too tragic. Many True Gods and Perfected Sovereigns would die every time they fought. Luo Zheng's goal was to change this situation.
This was a good suggestion. The death of every Perfected True God and Quasi-Sage was a huge loss to the rich and powerful clans.
Actually, the Sages had discussed before that they would confer the title of Sage according to the ranking in the Divine Jade Wall.
However, the position of Sage was a fatal temptation to True Gods. No one was willing to give in. Therefore, every time the Saint Mountain descended, the rich and powerful clans would still fall into a frenzy of fighting.
If Luo Zheng could end this situation, they would naturally be willing.
"But the Sacred Clan … No, the Li Clan came from the Mother World. They have the bloodline of the Li Clan and are bound to be more outstanding than us. How can we compete with them?" the Sage of the Qin Clan asked worriedly.
Although the Sacred Clan had disappeared for countless eras, their influence was still there. These Sages more or less knew some inside information.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Li Luoshui suddenly sneered. "You mean that because the Li Clan is outstanding, we have to give in to you? Or perhaps … none of you understand who the master of the entire God's Domain is. "
Li Luoshui's attitude was much more radical than Luo Zheng's. After all, in her eyes, the God's Domain was the last home of the Jiuli tribe. It was only after Pang Miao massacred them that the God's Domain appeared.
The Qin Clan's Saint opened his mouth but did not refute.
In the end, Li Luoshui was the one with reason, and her strength was also on her side …
Luo Zheng said, "Our God's Domain is not a peaceful place. In fact, the master who created the God's Domain has a great enemy. Those Xuan Yuan Guards were attracted by this enemy. No one can guarantee that this enemy will not invade again. Therefore, we have to become stronger to be able to resist. There is no need to discuss the issue of racial strife."
The winner was king. This was the truth even in the entire Chaos.
If they did not want to be eliminated, they could only force themselves to become stronger.
He tossed these questions aside. After all, he did not gather the Sages here to discuss with them.
Then Luo Zheng's gaze shifted back to Mu Haiji. He said to his father, "Father, how should we deal with the grudge between you and Mu Haiji?"
It's finally my turn? Mu Haiji's heart trembled.
However, since he did not run away, he planned to face Luo Xiao.
A cold light flashed through Li Luoshui's eyes. She had no sympathy for someone who had almost killed her husband.
Luo Xiao looked at Mu Haiji in silence for a while.
Back then, Gu Bei and Saint Jiu had set up all kinds of measures to deal with Mu Haiji's Universal War.
However, Luo Xiao's true enemy was still Dongfang Chunjun. Mu Haiji was just a pawn.
If it was not for Dongfang Chunjun holding the fort, Luo Xiao might not have taken Mu Haiji seriously.
"Although my Dayan Realm was almost destroyed by you, you still lost the Universal War. Moreover, you were only acting for Dongfang Chunjun. Now that Dongfang Chunjun has been executed, the hatred of the past has faded. I will not take your life, but only your position as a Saint. How does that sound?" Luo Xiao asked.
The Soul Lodging Ground could be removed, but the method was a bit troublesome. With Luo Zheng's current abilities, it was not difficult.
Hearing Luo Xiao's words, Mu Haiji's body trembled slightly. The other Saints also looked at him with sympathy.
Taking away Mu Haiji's position as a Saint was worse than killing him. After all, Mu Haiji's current strength, prestige, and the rise and fall of the Noble Clans were tied to his position as a Saint. If he lost the Dayan Realm, his cultivation would fall back to Great Perfection. It was equivalent to taking away everything that belonged to Mu Haiji.
However, it was still better than death. As long as he was alive, he could wait for the next Saint Mountain to descend and become a Saint again.
Mu Haiji was conflicted for a long time. After realizing that there was no other way out, he said, "This punishment is light. Mu Haiji is willing to accept it."
Tang Lun, Leng Yao, Fang Shixing, and the others all became nervous when Mu Haiji was stripped of his position as a Saint.
As members of the Noble Alliance, they had made many moves against Luo Zheng. If they were stripped of their positions as Saints, it would be terrible.
Luo Zheng naturally noticed these Saints' expressions.
As a former member of the Noble Alliance, he would naturally punish them, but that was a matter for the future. At this time, he said, "Today's summons ends here. Everyone can leave. I'm going to the Mu family's floating island."
Mu Haiji was stunned and asked, "Why are you going to the Mu family's floating island?"
"Take me to see Mu Ning." When Mu Ning was mentioned, Luo Zheng's gaze became gentler.
This little girl had been locked up by Mu Xuerong because of him. She should still be on the Mu family's floating island.
Thus, under Mu Haiji's lead, Luo Zheng went to the Mu family's floating island.
Luo Xiao, Li Luoshui, and the others took Chen Huangyi back to the Han family. The other Saints also left one after another.
Leng Wuyu and the other newly promoted Saints experienced this scene in the Holy Hall. They all felt like they had spilled sauce, and they all had mixed feelings.
They had once viewed becoming a Saint as the pinnacle and the ultimate dream of their lives. Now, they saw the Saints all submissive in front of Luo Zheng.
Especially Mu Haiji. He didn't even dare to resist when he was stripped of his position as a Saint.
They suddenly realized that becoming a Saint wasn't as powerful as they thought …
…
…
There was a cliff on the west side of the Mu family's floating island. This cliff was as smooth as a mirror. Standing in front of it, one could see one's own shadow.
"Mu Ning was locked up there. The one who ordered it was Mu Xuerong," Mu Haiji explained.
"I know …"
Mu Xuerong had personally told Luo Zheng, so he naturally knew.

Chapter 2594
Birth
During the years Mu Ning had been locked up, she had focused on cultivating.
Her talent wasn't bad, and she was now an upper True God.
Mu Xuerong had issued a ban that no one could release Mu Ning, so Mu Ning knew nothing about the outside world.
The sea had not been peaceful these days, and the Mu family's floating island had been bobbing up and down. It was inevitable that Mu Ning would be suspicious. Even a rich family's floating island had almost fallen into the Sea of Time. Something big must have happened in the Divine Realm.
Her heart was full of worry, and she couldn't help but think of Luo Zheng. Was he well all these years?
These thoughts spun in her mind, making it difficult for her to calm down.
But under the restraint of this God Forbidding Wall, it was impossible for her to escape, unless she could become a Perfect True God.
In just a few decades, cultivating from a lower True God to an upper True God was the limit. If she continued to advance, it would be difficult to break through unless she had a great opportunity.
Just as Mu Ning was thinking, she suddenly heard footsteps behind her.
"Who is it?"
Mu Ning turned her head, and her ponytail swayed along with it.
When she saw Luo Zheng, a strange look immediately appeared in her lively and sharp eyes. She seemed to be stunned as she said, "Luo Zheng! You actually came! "
After she blurted it out, her expression became vigilant and she hurriedly covered her mouth.
"What are you afraid of?" Seeing Mu Ning's cute action, Luo Zheng smiled.
Mu Ning lowered her voice and asked, "Did you sneak into the Mu family to take me away?"
This girl's imagination was too rich. Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I came to take you away, but not secretly."
"But my sister …" Mu Ning said worriedly.
She didn't understand Luo Zheng's meaning.
Take her away in broad daylight? This was the Mu family's floating island!
"She won't stop you," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"Why?" Mu Ning asked curiously.
"Mu Xuerong died in the Abyss Demon Realm," Luo Zheng replied.
Hearing this, Mu Ning's expression changed greatly.
Although she wasn't on good terms with Mu Xuerong, they were still sisters in the end. Even if Mu Xuerong had imprisoned Mu Ning, that was only for the sake of her little sister.
Now that she heard the bad news brought by Luo Zheng, she found it hard to accept.
"Why is it like this …" Mu Ning was already on the verge of tears.
Luo Zheng gently sighed. He didn't want to see Mu Ning sad, but there were some things that she would eventually learn. That was why he had told her about how Mu Xuerong had perished within the Yin Yang furnace.
Before Mu Xuerong died, she still cared about her little sister. She urged Luo Zheng to release Mu Ning no matter what.
After hearing this, Mu Ning became even sadder. She lay on Luo Zheng's shoulder and sobbed for a long time, as if she couldn't control herself.
Logically speaking, Mu Xuerong only had herself to blame, not to mention that this woman had repeatedly tried to kill her.
But seeing Mu Ning so sad, Luo Zheng couldn't bear it. He gently stroked Mu Ning's soft black hair and said, "Actually, it's not impossible to bring Mu Xuerong back to life …"
Mu Ning suddenly raised her head and stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. Her reddened eyes were filled with hope. "Luo Zheng, are you saying that you can bring my big sister back to life?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I can do it."
Implanting the flames of memories and reincarnating wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng.
Mu Ning suddenly grabbed Luo Zheng's arm. "I beg you, Luo Zheng! Bring my big sister back to life! "
Of course, she knew about the enmity between Luo Zheng and her big sister. In the Sea of Time forbidden area, her big sister had almost killed Luo Zheng.
Although she wasn't too clear about what had happened afterwards, she understood Mu Xuerong's personality. She definitely wouldn't let Luo Zheng go.
Luo Zheng gazed at Mu Ning's white jade-like face. Her delicate and pitiful appearance made one's heart ache. He faintly smiled and said, "Reviving her is impossible. I can only let your big sister reincarnate. She can retain her memories of this life."
With everything in the Realm of the Gods under his control, Luo Zheng didn't fear a single Mu Xuerong. Not to mention, before her death, Mu Xuerong's temperament had undergone a significant change. Because of Mu Ning's face, Luo Zheng agreed to this matter.
… …
… …
The Governing Stone Tablet constantly released thunder punishment. It lasted for a full month before it subsided.
When the thunder punishment subsided, it meant that the Xuan Yuan Guards hidden in the Realm of the Gods had all fallen. Then, Luo Zheng informed Chi Yi and the others of where the Xuan Yuan Guards had fallen.
These Xuan Yuan Guards came from the Origin World, so they must have brought many things with them. Elder Jin and the others placed great importance on them, so they naturally wouldn't allow them to be scattered in the depths of the Realm of the Gods. Chi Yi and the others went to where these people had fallen to find them.
Another eight months passed … …
Luo Zheng and Dongfang Yingqing appeared in the Phaseless Zone, south of the Realm of the Gods. Below them was a Central God City, which was protected by a Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet.
"It's right below us," Luo Zheng said.
Dongfang Yingqing's face was filled with anticipation, and she said, "Then let's go down and take a look!"
Luo Zheng nodded, and then descended towards the Central God City with Dongfang Yingqing.
The instant they entered the Central God City, the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet guarding the Central God City suddenly activated. However, just as the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet was about to launch an attack, Luo Zheng thought, and the light of the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet dissipated.
Even the Governing Stone Tablet was under Luo Zheng's control, so a mere Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet was naturally nothing.
After the Thousand Commandments Stone Tablet calmed down, he appeared in the City Lord's Mansion with Dongfang Yingqing.
At the same time the two of them entered the mansion, the loud and clear sound of a baby crying came from the rear courtyard of the City Lord's Mansion.
A hint of joy appeared on Dongfang Yingqing's face. "Is it him?"
"En," Luo Zheng replied.
Although he knew that the newborn baby was Hua Tianming's reincarnation, Luo Zheng still felt an indescribable sense of strangeness in his heart.
"Who is it! How dare you trespass into the City Lord's Mansion! "
"How dare you!"
The two of them brazenly barging into the mansion instantly attracted the attention of the guards.
The master of the Central God City was the first-tier Ye family, and the family head, Ye Zhengqi, was quite famous and powerful in the northern part of the Divine Realm.
When the Ye family's guards saw that outsiders had infiltrated the City Lord's Mansion, they naturally surrounded them.
At this moment, Ye Zhengqi was also guarding the rear courtyard's entrance, waiting for his wife to give birth.
When Ye Zhengqi heard the guards' shouts, his expression darkened, and he hurried over. However, when he sensed Luo Zheng's cultivation level, his expression changed slightly, and he asked in a low voice, "May I know who you are, and why are you here in the Ye family?"
Hearing Ye Zhengqi's question, Luo Zheng was thinking about how to answer, but Dongfang Yingqing beat him to it and said, "I'm here to find my husband!"
This answer confused Ye Zhengqi. "Who's your husband? Why are you here in the Ye family? "
Dongfang Yingqing replied bluntly, "It's that newborn baby. He's my husband …"
Dongfang Yingqing probably also realized that her words were too strange, and the more she spoke, the less confident she became.
Ye Zhengqi looked at Dongfang Yingqing as if he was looking at a lunatic. This woman had a beautiful face, an extraordinary temperament, and an extremely high cultivation level. She couldn't be crazy, right?

Chapter 2595
A Man Destined to Be a Legend
The people of the God Realm had very limited knowledge of reincarnation.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng, a Perfection True God, standing in front of him, Ye Zhengqi would have chased them away already.
However, his expression was extremely unpleasant as he said, "My Ye Family's Lin 'er has just been born, how could he be your husband? Isn't this the biggest joke in the world? "
Dongfang Yingqing wanted to say something but was stopped by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng said, "Friend, have you heard of 'reincarnation'?"
Ye Zhengqi immediately shook his head. "How can those rumors of reincarnation be taken seriously?"
"Whether they can be taken seriously or not, we'll know when the baby grows up. Before that, I only have one request. Give the baby the name 'Tianming'." Luo Zheng tapped his spatial ring as he spoke. Following a flash of light, a longsword appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
To Hua Tianming, the Sword of Tengshe was a sword that claimed his life. That was the fate that Luo Xiao had set for Hua Tianming. Now that Hua Tianming had reincarnated, it was naturally unsuitable for him to use this sword.
The sword in Luo Zheng's hand was also a top-grade grandmist treasure. Although it couldn't be compared to the treasures of faith possessed by Saints, it was still very rare among the rich and powerful families.
To the first-tier and second-tier families, this kind of treasured sword was an extremely rare existence.
"This sword is for Brother Tianming. Other than that, there's also these …" Luo Zheng took out dozens of medicinal pills as he spoke.
When he took out these medicinal pills, the Ye Family's guards were stunned. They might not recognize these medicinal pills, but the unique aura emitted by these medicinal pills was enough to know that these medicinal pills were extraordinary.
Even with Ye Zhengqi's experience, he panicked when he saw these things.
Although the Ye Family was only a first-tier family, these medicinal pills and that treasured sword were equivalent to half of the Ye Family's assets. Therefore, Ye Zhengqi was quite shocked at this moment. He stammered, "This, this … How can my Lin 'er … how can he …"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Because he once saved my life. These things are only a part of it. In the future, there will be people sending him cultivation resources every year in hopes that he can step into the True God Realm before he turns ten."
Ye Zhengqi's mouth opened wide. He already understood that Luo Zheng wasn't joking.
"Also, your Ye Family belongs to the Leng Family, right?" Luo Zheng's Ye Zhengqi.
Ye Zhengqi's family's Leng Family's Ye Family.
"I will ask Leng Yao to deploy people to protect this Divine City," Luo Zheng continued.
Hearing Luo Zheng directly call the Leng Family's Saint Emperor by his name, Ye Zhengqi was even more terrified. The origins of this man and woman were even more mysterious. However, they didn't ask for anything from the Ye Family. They just wanted his son to be named "Tianming". This was simply a gift from the heavens …
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked at Dongfang Yingqing. "I've already arranged everything. Are you sure you don't want to return to the floating island and stay here?"
Dongfang Yingqing nodded without hesitation and said with a smile, "I'll stay in this Divine City. I want to watch him grow up."
This was Dongfang Yingqing's choice. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't interfere. However, he still reminded her. Before he left, Luo Zheng said to Ye Zhengqi, "Take good care of Dongfang Yingqing and Brother Tianming. I can guarantee that Brother Tianming will become a Saint by the age of thirty and your Ye Family will become a Noble Family."
"Saint …"
"Noble Family …"
Even after Luo Zheng left, Ye Zhengqi was still in a bit of a daze.
Ye Zhengqi had managed the Ye Family for so long and brought it into the top tier. He himself was only a peak Upper True God and didn't have the qualifications to enter the Saint Mountain.
Ye Zhengqi didn't even dare to think about making his family a Noble Family.
Who exactly was this guy? How dare he make such a big promise?
Now that Luo Zheng had left, Ye Zhengqi could only ask Dongfang Yingqing. Because he didn't know her background, he still very politely cupped his hands and asked, "How should I address you?"
"I'm Dongfang Yingqing." Dongfang Yingqing smiled gently.
"Dongfang …" Ye Zhengqi was stunned. "Could it be the Dongfang Family from the Fusang Divine Tree?"
The news of the Dongfang Family's destruction hadn't spread yet. Ye Zhengqi only knew that the Dongfang Family was the number one Noble Family in the Divine Realm. Naturally, he would ask this question.
"Yes." Dongfang Yingqing nodded.
Ye Zhengqi was speechless again. His attitude became even more cautious. "Then who was that person just now? Can he really command the Leng Family's Holy Emperor? "
"His name is Luo Zheng. He's my husband's brother. I'm not sure if he can command the Leng Family's Holy Emperor, but he drove all the Noble Families out of the Sea of Time … Can I see Tianming?" Dongfang Yingqing clearly wasn't interested in these questions. She only wanted to see Hua Tianming.
Driving all the Noble Families out of the Sea of Time … Ye Zhengqi was once again shocked speechless when he saw this girl's sincere attitude.
Ye Zhengqi quickly wondered if he should ask about the situation in the Sea of Time to verify Dongfang Yingqing's words. However, half a month later, all his doubts were no longer important. Because Leng Yao personally came to the Ye Family to see "Ye Tianming."
The Leng Family's Holy Emperor was very sincere and promised to never collect shenwu coins from the Ye Family again. Not only that, but he also promised to take in the Ye Family's True Gods into the floating island every year.
The fate of this remote, first-tier family changed because of a baby.
As for Hua Tianming, he grew up in the Ye Family. In the next few decades, he would shine in the Divine Realm and create another legend.
… …
… …
In the center of the Sea of Time.
A huge island floated in the Sea of Time.
This floating island was tens of thousands of times larger than an ordinary floating island. This colossus was equivalent to thousands of Divine Cities.
Luo Zheng didn't remove the other Noble Families' floating islands. Instead, he moved them to the periphery of the Sea of Time. The Saints of the Noble Families no longer had the right to modify the Governing Slate.
This new floating island would become the center of the entire Divine Realm and attract all the geniuses in the Divine Realm. Of course, this included the newly born Li Clan members. These Li Clan members inherited the memories and talents of their previous lives. Their cultivation speed was so fast that it made one's hair stand on end. In the future, the God Citizens and the Li Clan members would form a healthy competition.
After dealing with these matters, Luo Zheng planned to bring Mu Ning, Han Liusu, and Chuyue to the Great Evolution Universe.
Mu Ning was very interested in the place where Luo Zheng was born. However, before they set off, she still faintly revealed a worried expression. "Luo Zheng, I don't know if I can get along with them."
Mu Ning had been with Luo Zheng for a period of time, so she knew about their existence.
"Don't worry. I believe you can get along well." Luo Zheng gently patted Mu Ning's head.

Chapter 2596
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Back to the Cloud Hall
Han Chuyue, this girl's words choked Luo Zheng until he could not say a word for a long time.
Han Liusu smiled sweetly. "At least he didn't say that to the first one …"
Luo Zheng widened his eyes and made a gesture of surrender. He waved his hand in the air, and a space passage leading to the Dayan Universe appeared.
Before entering the Saint Mountain, Luo Xiao had settled Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the others in the Dayan Universe. Even the Path-Chosen had returned.
These Path-Chosen had become upper-level True Gods in a short time. Their return to the Dayan Universe had brought great surprise to their respective forces and families.
Back then, Xingwei was only a lower-level True God, but he could dominate the universe. Upper-Level True Gods were almost unimaginable to those Celestial Venerables.
However, Xuanyuan Chenfeng and the other Path-Chosen were still regretful. After all, they were conferred the title of Path-Chosen to help Luo Xiao. However, Luo Xiao's opponent was a Nirvana Realm existence. Even Luo Xiao could not fight against it, let alone these Path-Chosen.
After entering the Dayan Universe, Luo Zheng waved his hand and arrived in the Rising Sky Realm.
In the Rising Sky Realm, the Demi-Immortal Clan was already waiting.
The old clan leader came personally to welcome Luo Zheng's return. None of the Celestial Venerables were absent.
Luo Zheng's return was not only to bring the girls to travel. He also announced Luo Xiao's decision to the Celestial Venerables. The Celestial Venerables could be removed from their positions in the future. Luo Xiao would give them a passage to the Divine Realm. The Celestial Venerables could freely go to the Divine Realm to pursue a higher level of power.
The Crown of Destiny was somewhat similar to the position of Saint. After being conferred the title of Celestial Venerables, their strength would far surpass the realm master, but at the same time, they would be limited.
In order to prepare for the Universal War, Luo Xiao could only force the Crown of Celestial Venerables on these Celestial Venerables. The passage to the Divine Realm was actually half closed. After all, at that time, they still needed the Jiang Family to go to the Divine Realm.
The only exception was Chen Huang Yijian. The Mandate he was conferred was originally different from the other Celestial Venerables, so he could sneak to the Divine Realm while the other Words, The Celestial Venerables, they could not.
Now that the threat in the Divine Realm no longer existed, Luo Xiao naturally did not need the Empyreans to risk their lives for him, allowing them to return the Crown of Destiny.
Upon hearing the news brought back by Luo Zheng, the Celestial Venerables in the universe were also extremely happy.
In a part of the universe, they were indeed the top existences.
But to the Celestial Lords, the pursuit of a higher level of power was their faith. This faith turned into blood that flowed through their bodies.
Without the Crown of Heaven's Will, they would fall back to being ordinary Sector Lords. Even if they went to the Divine Realm, they would still be mere Divine People. These drawbacks contained many dangers and troubles, but also endless challenges …
Therefore, after Luo Zheng made the announcement, nearly half of the Celestial Venerables wanted to remove their Crown of Destiny and head to the Divine Realm.
Since Star Tail had already left the Great Yan Universe, Luo Xiao was trying to find a way to restore his inner world. After Luo Zheng agreed to their requests one by one, he asked the old patriarch to record this matter and report it to Luo Xiao when the time came.
After staying in the Rising Sky Realm for three days, Luo Zheng made a trip to the Demon Night Clan with Xun before he set his sights on the lower dimensions.
This time, Luo Zheng brought even more people with him on his return to the Central Domain.
However, what Mu Ning was worried about didn't happen in the end. The women got along quite well. Besides Xi Youqin who was slightly overbearing, Ning Yudie, Xun, and the others had calmed down after experiencing so many things.
Ning Yudie was the happiest to be able to return to the Central Domain. After all, this was her home.
…
…
Even though the flow of time in the lower dimensions was the same as in the upper dimensions, the lifespans of cultivators were short in the end.
Time flowed like water. A few hundred years was a lifetime for many cultivators.
Many grade-3 and grade-4 clans in Ocean of Clouds City rose and fell, and the various sects experienced reincarnation as well.
However, the Cloud Hall was still the Cloud Hall!
Now, the Cloud Hall had left the other sects far behind and was the only grade-8 sect in the Central Domain.
The women followed behind Luo Zheng and looked down at the floating island in the Cloud Hall.
"It's really hard to imagine that Luo Zheng actually trained in such a sect …" Mu Ning sighed.
Mu Ning, Han Liusu, Han Chuyue, and the others were still a little shocked. After all, in the eyes of the people in the God Territory, all the living beings in the universe were second-level living beings.
However, the fate of the entire God Territory was now controlled by such a second-level living being. It still felt exaggerated when they thought about it.
As for Xun, Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, and the others, they didn't find it strange. After all, they had watched Luo Zheng climb up bit by bit. Although the process was full of variables, it was very real.
"Hmm?"
Under the observation, Luo Zheng felt a faint murderous aura emanating from the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie was now in the True Immortal Realm, so she naturally felt it too. She frowned slightly. "The Cloud Hall is a grade-8 sect. Who in the Central Domain dares to behave atrociously in the Cloud Hall?"
"Let's go and take a look." Luo Zheng smiled and led everyone to the bottom of the Cloud Hall.
In the ice palace of the Cloud Hall, Red Maple sat at the head of the table. The mischievous look on his face was gone, replaced by a trace of domineering aura. At this moment, his face was full of coldness.
Now, Red Maple had cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm and was the strongest person in the Divine Sea Realm. It wouldn't be long before he was rejected by the Great Thousand World and ascended to the Upper Realm.
Red Maple had been to the Upper Realm before. At that time, Luo Zheng had brought him and Pei Tianyao to the Upper Realm.
However, Pei Tianyao was lucky and was chosen by the Ten Thousand Buddha Sacred Domain in the Upper Realm. Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng's qualifications were needless to say.
After Red Maple returned to the Central Domain, he cultivated hard and finally took over the position of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall.
Being able to control a grade-8 Holy Land was the ultimate dream of thousands of warriors. However, as a Divine Sea Realm warrior, Red Maple had to ascend to the Upper Realm in the end.
Now, the Cloud Hall was a big business, but looking around, it was difficult to find a suitable candidate to take over.
What gave Red Maple a headache was that the four Divine Sea Continent's Divine Sea Continent's Divine Sea Realm would find trouble with him at the moment of his ascension!
In the past, the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors of the four Divine Kingdoms had already left the Great Thousand World because the ascension passage was repaired.
Now, the four Battle Emperors of the Divine Kingdoms gathered in front of the ice palace. The leader of the Battle Emperors said arrogantly, "Hall Master Red Maple, although you can protect the Cloud Hall now, have you ever thought about who will be able to protect the Cloud Hall after you ascend? I'm afraid this grade-8 Sect won't live up to its name by then! "
Baili Hongfeng sneered and suddenly said, "You're right. Why don't I kill all the Combat Emperors of the four Divine Kingdoms before I ascend? What do you think?"
Hearing this, the four Battle Emperors' expressions changed slightly.

Chapter 2597
The Rivalry Between Acquaintances
The overall strength of the God Kingdom Continent was far above that of the Central Domain.
However, a few hundred years ago, Luo Zheng appeared in the Central Domain. After a series of changes, the inheritance of the Cloud Hall finally fell into the hands of the Red Maple.
The Red Maple's talent was far inferior to Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng. He was also inferior to Pei Tianyao.
However, the inheritance of the Cloud Hall was too strong. Back then, he followed Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming to the Upper Realm and obtained many benefits.
Just based on these, the Red Maple's strength was unshakable in this world.
He alone could suppress the entire God Kingdom Continent!
Therefore, the four Battle-Emperors knew that the Red Maple was not bluffing. He would do what he said.
One of the Battle-Emperors from Yu God Kingdom thought for a while and said, "Even if you, the Red Maple, can kill all the Battle-Emperors and Battle-Emperors of our God Kingdom, our God Kingdom Continent will have countless successors. In the future, when the God Kingdom Continent and the Central Domain compete, the Central Domain will be at a disadvantage. As the saying goes, peace breeds wealth. Our two continents are neighbors. Why don't we each take a step back?"
"Take a step back? Haha, that Wasteland Continent has been ownerless for thousands of years. Now, it belongs to your God Kingdom Continent. Is it because your God Kingdom Continent is closer to the Wasteland Continent, or is it because you are more beautiful? "The Red Maple sneered and questioned.
"Closer …" The Heavenly Wind Battle-Emperor, Huo Chen, answered foolishly.
The Great Yu God Kingdom's Battle-Emperor, Liu Xiu, glared at Huo Chen. This Huo Chen had been foolish since he was young. Huo Chen actually answered the other party's sarcastic words!
The conflict between the four God Kingdoms and the Central Domain was because of the Wasteland Continent.
The resources of the entire Central Domain and the God's Kingdom's continent had been exhausted in the past several hundred years. Almost at the same time, the warriors of these two continents had set their sights on the Wasteland Continent. All the major forces had crossed the Chaotic Astral Ocean and headed towards the Wasteland Continent.
Although the Desolate Continent was indeed much closer to the Divine Kingdom Continent, it was still a land without a master. As more and more martial artists went there, the various forces became entangled with each other and began to fight with each other. This was especially true between the Central Domain martial artists and the Divine Kingdom Continent martial artists.
Not long ago, a great war had broken out in the Desolate Continent. The warriors from the Great Yu Divine Nation and Star Field Divine Nation had slaughtered over a hundred Divine Core warriors from the Empty Sky Sect in the Central Domain. The Empty Sky Sect had asked for help from the Cloud Hall, and Red Maple had traveled across the Chaotic Astral Ocean by himself. He had gone around the Divine Nation Continent and killed thirteen Life and Death warriors by himself.
The Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors of the God Nation Continent were so angry that they joined forces and headed to the Central Domain to seek an explanation from the Red Maple. That was the reason for the previous conversation.
"Puchi …"
"Hehe …"
"This Red Maple is already a few hundred years old, but he's still as funny as ever …"
After the conversation between the Red Maple and the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors, a few clear and melodious laughter suddenly came from above the Cloud Hall.
The Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors furrowed their brows and spread out their Divine Senses. The Red Maple was shocked as well. After scanning the sky with his Divine Sense, his expression immediately became solemn.
The voice was right in front of them, but they couldn't find any trace of it!
This meant that the opponent's strength was far stronger than theirs!
However, the Red Maple felt that the voice sounded familiar, but he couldn't remember where he heard it from.
"Stop looking, we're here."
The figures of Luo Zheng and the girls slowly appeared from another corner.
When the Red Maple saw Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie, he was stunned for a moment before revealing an ecstatic expression. "Hall, Hall Master … and Brother Luo Zheng!"
Actually, the Red Maple himself was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. However, after seeing Ning Yudie, he completely forgot his identity. It was as though he had suddenly returned to a few hundred years ago when he was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall.
"Brother Red Maple …" Luo Zheng smiled faintly and looked at the other four Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors. He smiled faintly and said, "Brother Huo Chen, King Yan, how have you been?"
When King Yan and Huo Chen saw Luo Zheng, they were dumbfounded. How could they have expected that Luo Zheng, who had ascended a few hundred years ago, would return?
A few hundred years had passed, and the authority in the God Nation had been constantly changing.
Back then, King Yan finally won the battle for the position of Crown Prince and became the Battle Emperor of the Black Iron God Nation. Huo Chen also rightfully took over the throne and became the new Heaven Wind War Emperor.
"You, you … are really Luo Zheng?" Huo Chen asked stupidly.
Luo Zheng nodded faintly.
The memories of the past were almost indelible. Although the person in front of them looked exactly the same as Luo Zheng, there was a huge difference in their temperament.
When the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors looked into Luo Zheng's eyes, they could feel an indescribable magical power radiating from Luo Zheng's eyes.
Although Luo Zheng didn't have any hostility or disdain, they subconsciously felt that they were as insignificant as dust and ants …
King Yan was also extremely excited. Compared to Luo Zheng, the conflict between him and the Red Maple was almost negligible.
During the battle for the authority of the Battle Emperor of the Black Iron God Nation, Luo Zheng had already ascended and didn't play a decisive role. However, Luo Zheng's influence on King Yan was extremely far-reaching. King Yan had always been concerned about Luo Zheng.
"Ten years ago, I still thought that it would be a real blessing if I could meet Brother Luo Zheng after I ascended. I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would return …" King Yan muttered.
King Yan naturally didn't know that even if he ascended to the Higher Domain, he wouldn't be able to find Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had already left for the Divine Dominion.
Once Luo Zheng appeared, the entire Ice Palace's atmosphere instantly calmed down.
After all, everyone was familiar with Luo Zheng. Moreover, the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors were also in awe of Luo Zheng and the abilities of the women behind him.
Including Luo Zheng, no matter if it was Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, or even Su Lingyun, who had the lowest cultivation level, they couldn't see through their cultivation level. Although they had concealed themselves, the aura that they exuded still shocked them. After all, they were True Gods.
After exchanging greetings, Luo Zheng then brought the topic back to the main topic. "I just heard that all of you had this conflict because of that piece of Wild Continent?"
King Yan and the other Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors knew that Luo Zheng would ask about this matter. Hence, they explained the conflict between the two continents in detail.
There was no right or wrong in this matter. It was all for one's own benefit.
Before Luo Zheng could reply, Ning Yudie had already spoken first. "Although the Cloud Hall doesn't care about that piece of land that has no owner, if the God Kingdom wants to bully the Central Domain and the Cloud Hall, we definitely won't allow it!"
Ning Yudie no longer had any desires in this world. However, the Cloud Hall was her homeland. There was no doubt that she had a deep relationship with the Cloud Hall. Hence, she was naturally protective of her people.
Her words stunned the four Battle Emperors and Battle Monarchs.

Chapter 2598
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Time Is Like a Song
With Luo Zheng's current perspective, these disputes were like child's play.
Not to mention the Greater World, even the entire Dayan Universe and all the resources in the entire Divine Territory could be controlled.
In their eyes, the Wasteland Continent was a land of treasures. However, Luo Zheng could allow their father to construct a thousand, or even ten thousand Wasteland Continents with just a thought …
However, looking at Ning Yudie's serious expression, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't do something like giving them 50 strikes each.
He looked at King of Yan and the rest nonchalantly and said, "Regarding the Wasteland Continent, you can set up the perfect rules. That continent doesn't belong to the God Nation Continent or the Central Domain. However, I hope that you can develop it together and live in peace …"
When King of Yan and the rest heard Luo Zheng's words, they heaved a sigh of relief. However, Luo Zheng added, "However, no matter what happens, the God Nation Continent is not allowed to attack the Central Domain or the Cloud Hall. I will let this matter pass.
If there is a next time, I will consider throwing the God Nation Continent into another Greater World. "
When the Battle Emperors and Battle Thearchs heard this, they were speechless.
If Luo Zheng had directly said that he would flatten the God Nation Continent, they would have believed him. They also believed that the ladies behind Luo Zheng could easily flatten the God Nation Continent. However, throwing the God Nation Continent into another Greater World was too much of an exaggeration …
Huo Chen still said foolishly, "Throwing the entire continent out? How?"
King of Yan didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He cupped his hands at Luo Zheng and said, "The God Nation Continent will remember Brother Luo Zheng's words. I, King of Yan, promise that the four God Nations won't have any conflicts with the Central Domain."
This troublesome matter was easily resolved because of Luo Zheng's arrival. However, Red Maple still looked unhappy.
Luo Zheng noticed Red Maple's mood and immediately asked, "Brother Red Maple, are you not satisfied with this result?"
Red Maple snorted and said, "That's not the problem. It's just that Brother Luo Zheng and the Palace Master haven't come back for so many years, and now they have to help me deal with such a small matter. It's really embarrassing …"
Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng looked at each other and smiled. So this was the reason.
After all, Red Maple was now the real Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Now that Luo Zheng had taken charge of solving this problem, Red Maple would naturally feel that he was useless.
"You've been in charge of the Cloud Hall for almost two hundred years, which is even longer than mine. You've also put in more effort than I have. Now, your mission is to ascend to the Upper Realm. You don't have to be a meticulous Bone Consultant anymore." Ning Yudie seized the opportunity to console him.
Ning Yudie had been in charge of the Cloud Hall for less than twenty years, but Red Maple had stayed here for two hundred years.
Now, in the Cloud Hall, except for some of the old people, there were probably not many who would recognize Ning Yudie as the Palace Master.
Ning Yudie's consolation was very effective. Red Maple showed that heartless smile again. "Speaking of ascension, I feel … Eh? Eh? "
Everyone in the Ice Palace looked at Red Maple strangely.
They saw Red Maple involuntarily leave the ground like a kite. He reached out to grab something, but he did not catch anything. He continued to float toward the opening of the patio above the Ice Palace.
"He's being rejected by the power of the Greater World …" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
When Ning Yudie saw this scene, she understood tacitly. She and Luo Zheng had been through this before. They had both ascended to the Upper Realm through normal means.
Xi Youqin did not ascend. She directly stepped into the Divine Ocean Realm in the Purple Extreme Realm. She looked at Red Maple with a face full of curiosity …
"Brother Luo Zheng! What should I do? Of all the times to come, you just had to come now! "Red Maple wanted to cry, but no tears came out.
It was not easy for Luo Zheng to come back. Naturally, Red Maple wanted to get drunk with Luo Zheng. However, how could the power of the Greater World reject him? Even Luo Zheng could not stop his ascension when he merged with the Will of the Greater World. After the Greater World felt that Red Maple's power had exceeded its limits, it naturally wanted to kick him out of this world.
Seeing Red Maple like this, Luo Zheng shook his head helplessly. He reached out and grabbed the Red Maple in the air, forcibly grabbing the Red Maple.
"I'll stay in the Cloud Hall for a while. During this time, I'll leave you in this world …"
No matter how strong the repulsive force of the Greater World was, it could not be stronger than Luo Zheng's.
…
…
The news that Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Xi Youqin had returned to the Cloud Hall after 200 years quickly spread throughout the Central Domain.
The lifespan of a Virtual Tribulation Realm warrior could be as long as 1,000 years. The lifespan of a Life and Death Realm warrior was even longer.
The three leaders of the World Business Alliance had already stepped into the Life and Death Realm and were only 400 to 500 years old. After receiving the news, they rushed over as soon as possible. The Void Spirit Sect followed closely behind. After all, Xi Youqin had also returned. Taoist Priest Qing Xu still missed his granddaughter.
Some of the fourth-grade and fifth-grade sect leaders who stood out later also rushed over when they heard the news. Although they did not know Luo Zheng, the legend of Luo Zheng had spread far and wide in the Central Domain. No one wanted to miss such a great opportunity.
Ning Yudie missed the days in the Cloud Hall very much. Now, she finally felt like she was home.
Mu Ning and the other girls were full of curiosity about the Greater World. Although they also had perfect inner worlds and there were warriors at the bottom of the world, they had never paid attention to these creatures. After careful observation, they also understood that these warriors with the lowest cultivation base also had wonderful lives.
In terms of strength, second-grade creatures were incomparable to Gods. However, there was no difference in terms of emotions. It could even be said that, because the lifespan of warriors was limited, they cherished the life in front of them more. They would not waste time like most of the True Gods in the Divine Realm.
Compared to the last time Luo Zheng came back, everyone was more relaxed this time.
After all, at that time, Luo Zheng still had the mission of saving Luo Xiao. This time, the troubles in the Divine Realm had all been solved. He had nothing to worry about, so he was naturally overjoyed.
He traveled around the Central Domain with the girls and had fun.
Han Chuyue was naughty. She even suppressed her cultivation base and participated in the World Business Alliance's Martial Arts Competition to compete with some of the new geniuses.
A True Divinity and a martial artist fighting on the same stage. She was just messing around, but she had dealt a heavy blow to the geniuses of the Central Region. Even though Luo Zheng had scolded her, she was still so proud of herself …
Luo Zheng went east with them and accompanied Su Lingyun back to the Eastern Domain.
The Blue Cloud Sect was still there, but the Burning Sky Dynasty had also changed. Under the leadership of the new Emperor, the Family Su was brought into the ranks of the Fourth Grade Clans, faintly surpassing the Blue Cloud Sect. Su Lingyun was very pleased with these changes.
In fact, as long as Su Lingyun wanted, she could support the Burning Sky Dynasty into a colossus like the Cloud Hall, and Luo Zheng would not stop her.
However, after leaving for so long, Su Lingyun had also become indifferent to many things.
The passing of time, the cycle of prosperity and decline. Everything had its own destiny. Forcefully interfering might not be good.
As for the Luo Clan in Chong Yang County, a few more geniuses had appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. One of them had even become the son-in-law of the Burning Sky Dynasty.
The Luo Clan was now a Second Grade Clan, on par with the Burning Sky Dynasty's Seven Great Clans.
During this period of travel, Luo Zheng had completely relaxed. However, there were still people who were worried.

Chapter 2599
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Hide
According to the flow of time in the Divine Realm, three months was equivalent to ten days in the Divine Realm.
However, looking at Luo Zheng's satisfied look, 9527 was still a little worried. If this kid really planned to stay here for the rest of his life, the task given by him would be ruined. Naturally, 9527 couldn't keep calm.
"Hehe, it's not bad to stay here forever," Luo Zheng replied with a smile.
He held a teacup and drank the tea in one gulp.
It was now spring in the Eastern Region. The tea in the cup was freshly brewed before the Ming Dynasty tea. Although it couldn't be compared to the spirit tea in the Upper Realm, the slight bitterness on the tip of the tongue was a different taste.
"This divine region is not a safe place. Moreover, when Chiyou built this ship, he was probably giving himself hope. He hoped that the Li Tribe could be revived," 9527 said angrily.
"When there are more Li Tribe members in the Divine Realm, they will naturally revive," Luo Zheng said again.
"This counts as revival? With the little resources in the Divine Realm, it can only breed a few Nirvana Realm experts at most. It's a joke in the Mother World. Besides … "9527 rattled off a bunch of things, listing all kinds of disadvantages.
"Okay, I'm just kidding," Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but interrupt him. Then he said, "I will definitely go to the Mother World."
This time, when he got the news of Chi You's death, even if Li Luoshui didn't say anything, Luo Zheng knew that his mother must have some thoughts in her heart. She would never be willing to let the Jiuli Tribe stay in a corner of the Chaos forever.
However, before going to the Mother World, there were still many things to prepare.
When the trip to the Great Evolution Universe was about to end, Luo Zheng released the restrictions on Red Maple. At the same time, he told Red Maple that he could seek refuge with the Demi-Immortal Tribe after going to the Upper Realm.
Although the Demi-Immortal Clan had completed the task given to them by Luo Xiao, they were now Luo Xiao's representative in the Grand Evolution Universe. If Red Maple could be nurtured by the Demi-Immortal Clan, he might be able to step into the God Domain in the future.
Red Maple was very confident about this, especially after he heard that Hua Tianming had reincarnated as an infant. He was even more smug and swore that he would enter the Domain of the Gods before Hua Tianming reached adulthood and attain the Divine Dao …
Red Maple ascended, and Luo Zheng quietly left the Great Yan Universe with the girls. This short and leisurely journey had come to an end.
…
…
On the floating island in the Time Sea, the Soaring Firmament Airship floated quietly in front of everyone.
After this period of recuperation, these Nirvana Realm experts had mostly recovered. Ming Wei's severed arm had also grown back.
"This Soaring Firmament Airship is indeed a great gift for us." Ming Wei stroked the surface of the airship and said with certainty.
Elder Jin nodded. "If we can use this Soaring Firmament Airship, we can save a lot of time."
The Chaos was so vast that even the Nirvana Realm experts were in despair.
The Nirvana Realm experts who had escaped from the prison with Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others were still flying in the Chaos.
"If you fly in the Chaos at your speed, how long will it take to reach the Mother World?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ming Wei's eyes flickered slightly. She estimated in her heart and said, "According to the years in the God Domain, if I fly at full speed, it will take about ten to twenty thousand years."
It would take ten to twenty thousand years to travel …
Luo Zheng was so shocked that his jaw almost dropped.
"Hehe, that's the time it takes for Sect Master Ming Wei to fly at full speed. Most of the time, she can only walk and stop, so the time it takes will only be longer." Chi Yi laughed and continued, "However, with this Soaring Firmament Airship, it will be different. This Soaring Firmament Airship is countless times faster than an ordinary Nirvana Realm expert."
As soon as Chi Yi finished speaking, Fu Er climbed down from the Soaring Firmament Airship with a serious look on his face.
"How's the investigation?" Chi Yi asked.
"This Soaring Firmament Airship needs Divine Crystals to operate, but I didn't find any Divine Crystals in it," Fu Er replied.
"They should have used it up. The Moonlight Slaughtering Formation is so powerful. It must have borrowed the power of the divine crystals," Ming Wei replied.
Fu Er nodded and said, "We can think of another way to solve the problem of the divine crystals. Other than that, I also found a tracking talisman formation, and this talisman formation has been activated."
Hearing this, the expressions of the Nirvana Realm experts became serious.
"If there's a tracking talisman formation, I'm afraid the location of the God Domain will be exposed," Chi Yi said with a frown.
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
The arrival of Wei Xian and the others had already brought a lot of trouble to the God Domain. If more Nirvana Realm experts, or even the true experts of the You Xiong Clan, were attracted, the God Domain would be in danger of being destroyed.
Fu Er shook his head. "The situation isn't that bad. Although the tracking talisman formation has been activated, the You Xiong Clan only knows that Wei Xian died here. They don't know what happened to him. The Chaos is so vast. Anything can happen."
"However, Wei Xian must be a reputable figure in the You Xiong Clan. His death will definitely attract the attention of some people, and they will definitely send others to investigate. Therefore, the God Domain can't stay here forever," Elder Jin said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. "In this case, I should move the God Domain as soon as possible."
"This matter shouldn't be delayed. We have to hide the God Domain as soon as possible," Ming Wei suggested to Luo Zheng.
The God Domain itself was a large ship. In terms of speed, it was not slower than the Soaring Firmament Airship.
When Luo Zheng entered the sun, he changed the flight path of the entire God Domain so that it would no longer fall.
However, at that time, Ming Wei coincidentally discovered it. She gathered the power of the Nirvana Realm experts of the Nuwa Clan and bound the God Domain to the bone pagoda. After Ming Wei released this binding, the God Domain was actually gradually moving away from the bottom of the Chaos. However, without anyone at the helm, the speed was extremely slow.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew the seriousness of this matter. Without any hesitation, he disappeared from where he stood.
The next moment, he appeared inside the sun.
After merging with the newborn will, there was nothing in the God Domain that could hurt Luo Zheng. Even the essence fire in the deepest part of the sun couldn't cause him any harm. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't even use the green parasol that Elder Yuan had given him.
Everything was done with ease. Soon, Luo Zheng found the palace. He passed by the statue of Chi You and stood in front of the seven rings.
As Luo Zheng injected his consciousness, the seven rings gently trembled and wrapped around Luo Zheng's neck, arms, legs, waist …
"Boom!"
A huge picture appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. He saw the appearance of the entire God Domain.

Chapter 2600
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Bottom Whirlpool
The initial speed of a colossus like the Divine Realm must be extremely slow.
Just like a running elephant, it might turn its head slowly and sluggishly, but once it started sprinting, its speed would become faster and faster.
When Luo Zheng pushed the two bracelets forward, the entire God's Domain shook even more violently.
The entire Divine Realm could feel the existence of this shaking, but most people couldn't feel that the Divine Realm was moving.
"Rumble …"
The Divine Realm, which had completely changed its direction, began to move towards the chaos.
"Eh, the bottom of the Divine Realm …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a violent energy fluctuation from the bottom of the Divine Realm.
After fusing with the newborn will, Luo Zheng was able to sense everything in the Divine Domain. With just a thought, he was able to detect this strange situation.
It was the Black Flame Torrent surging!
"The power of the entire Divine Realm comes from this Black Flame Torrent?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The people of God's Domain only knew that the deepest parts of God's Domain were filled with this kind of green liquid. To all living things in God's Domain, this liquid was an untouchable existence. Even Saints would die without a doubt if they came into contact with it.
Back then, Li Luoshui had used the Black Flame Torrent to kill several Saints.
However, the Divine Realm had no records of the Black Flame Torrent's function and origin.
After all, even a Saint could enter a place like the Sea of Time to investigate, but who could go deep into the Black Flame Torrent?
"Rumble …"
As Luo Zheng pushed down the rings in his hands, the Divine Realm moved faster and faster. Luo Zheng also felt that the Black Flame Torrent was boiling more and more fiercely!
"This speed should be enough," Luo Zheng murmured.
Even if the You Xiong Clan knew about the death of Wei Xian and the others, it would still take a long time for them to send someone to investigate.
By that time, the Divine Realm should have already reached an extremely high speed and escaped from this place.
Since the Divine Realm had been activated, Luo Zheng wouldn't need to control it for a short period of time.
After breaking free from the rings, Luo Zheng could still clearly feel the boiling Black Flame Torrent through the newborn will.
"This Black Flame Torrent can't be born out of thin air. If Chi You wanted to drive such a huge Divine Realm, he must have placed something deep underground. Logically speaking, since I have inherited the newborn will Chi You, I should know everything in the Divine Realm. So why can't I find the source of this Black Flame Torrent?"
Once this curiosity arose, Luo Zheng couldn't suppress it.
He sat in the middle of the hall and used his nascent will to spread out his Divine Sense.
This spiritual sense crossed the sun and shot down from the sky. It drilled into the rock layer, then the gangue layer, the flint layer, and the tendon layer. Finally, it sank into the Black Fire Torrent.
If it was in the past, when one's consciousness entered the Black Flame Torrent, one's consciousness would be annihilated.
But after fusing with the nascent will, this Burning Fire Style could do nothing to Luo Zheng's spiritual consciousness.
Luo Zheng's Divine Sense constantly shuttled back and forth in the Black Flame Torrent. He quickly discovered that this green liquid was almost everywhere at the bottom of the Divine Domain. There was so much of it that it exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
The underground Black Flame Torrent was like a massive ocean. It was wrapped up by the upper layer of rock, and the surface area of this ocean was nearly as large as the Divine Realm!
In such a huge green sea, Luo Zheng wouldn't be too surprised even if some strange creatures appeared.
But soon, Luo Zheng realized that he was thinking too much.
Black fire was a forbidden area for living creatures after all. Even in the essence sun fire, fire spirits had been born and evolved into all kinds of strange creatures. However, Black fire was deathly silent.
"Gululu, gululu …"
As Luo Zheng's spiritual consciousness shuttled back and forth, he found that the Black Flame Torrent around him was boiling even more fiercely.
The originally viscous green liquid was like boiling water, boiling crazily.
"The commotion should be coming from the front!"
After confirming the direction, Luo Zheng's Divine Sense sped up a bit. Not long after, he saw an unbelievable scene.
In the center of the Black Flame Torrent, there was a huge green whirlpool!
The whirlpool was spinning at high speed, causing the Black Flame Torrent in the entire Divine Domain!
"Let's go in and take a look!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He injected his Divine Sense into the whirlpool. But the moment his Divine Sense entered, it disappeared!
His Divine Sense had lost connection with himself …
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. His face was full of confusion.
It was very common for Divine Sense to be cut off. Even now, if Luo Zheng felt that other True Gods were investigating him, he could turn his soul power into a blade and cut off the opponent's Divine Sense by force.
To put it bluntly, Divine Sense was just an extension of the soul. It was just that the soul power contained in Divine Sense was relatively small.
Luo Zheng couldn't suppress the curiosity in his heart. He released his Divine Sense again.
This time, he had already confirmed the direction. Naturally, his speed was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, he found the whirlpool. But the situation was exactly the same as before. The moment his Divine Sense entered, it was sucked away.
Luo Zheng gave up on his third attempt. He reckoned that the result would be exactly the same.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly came to a conclusion. This whirlpool should have something to do with him activating the Divine Domain.
Thinking of this, he once again put the seven rings on his body. As Luo Zheng pulled back the rings in his hands, the entire Divine Domain slowly came to a stop. Not long after, it floated in a state of absolute stillness in the chaos.
On the floating island, Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others naturally felt this movement. Their faces were full of puzzlement.
"Luo Zheng just activated the Divine Domain. Why did he stop it?"
"Did he discover something?"
While stopping the Divine Domain, Luo Zheng once again injected his Divine Sense into the ground.
Sure enough, just as he had deduced, the huge whirlpool in the Black Fire Torrent disappeared. The originally boiling Black Fire Torrent also gradually calmed down.
"It seems that this huge whirlpool should be the power source of the Divine Domain. But what exactly is in the whirlpool?"
Although Luo Zheng had proven his conjecture, he was even more curious about this whirlpool.
After Luo Zheng activated the Divine Domain again, he left the Sun Palace and returned to the floating island.
"Luo Zheng, why did you stop the Divine Domain just now?" Elder Jin asked his doubts. He was afraid that Luo Zheng had encountered some thorny problem.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and answered, "I discovered something strange at the bottom of the Divine Domain. However, my Divine Sense is unable to enter it. So, I plan to make a trip there myself."
"The bottom of the Divine Domain?" Chi Yi raised his eyebrows slightly.
They knew that the bottom of the Divine Domain was filled with Black Fire Torrents. However, even the experienced and knowledgeable Chi Yi and Elder Jin were unable to determine the source of such things.

Chapter 2601
Sucking in the Maelstrom
Luo Zheng told them what he had seen with his consciousness.
This piqued the interest of Chi Yi and the others.
Even in the Mother World, there were very few people who could build such a huge ship.
This Soaring Firmament Flying Ship was only fifteen meters long, and it would consume a lot of divine crystals to travel through the Primal Chaos.
And for a massive world like the Divine Dominion to travel through the Primal Chaos, the consumption of divine crystals would be astronomical. Chi Yi and Fu Er had discussed this problem when they were outside the Divine Dominion. They couldn't figure out what method the Great Tribal Chief used to drive this ship.
Elder Jin told Fu Er and Chi Yi to stay here and inspect the flying ship, but the two were more interested in exploring the bottom of the Primal Chaos, so they decided to accompany Luo Zheng.
The Great Maelstrom was located at the back of the Divine Realm, and it was to the west of the Sea of Time.
With Luo Zheng's current ability, he naturally couldn't drill down layer by layer like before. He waved his hand and constructed a spatial passage. At the same time, he said to Ming Wei and the others, "The other end of the spatial passage is the Black Fire Torrent. Before you go in, I'm afraid you'll have to take precautions."
Ming Wei and the others naturally understood Luo Zheng's meaning.
If they didn't take any precautions, their bodies would be burned to a crisp in the Black Fire Torrent.
Ming Wei gently spread her hands, and a colorful halo surrounded her.
Fu Er took out a yellow talisman paper and stuck it on his chest. This talisman paper constructed a golden halo.
After they made some preparations, Luo Zheng was the first to enter the spatial passage, followed by Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others.
The spatial passage compressed the distance to an extremely close distance. They only took four or five steps before a heatwave hit them in the face, and they fell into the sea of Black Fire Torrent.
"Zi zi zi …"
As soon as they fell in, the golden halo protecting Fu Er was continuously eroded by the Black Fire Torrent, and the yellow talisman paper on Fu Er's chest quickly burned to ashes.
If the golden halo collapsed and the Black Fire Torrent rushed in, Fu Er's body would probably be burned to charcoal in an instant.
At this time, Ming Wei gently waved her hand, and another colorful halo enveloped Fu Er.
When Chi Yi saw this scene, he chuckled, "Can you do it, Brother Fu Er …"
Fu Er, on the other hand, calmly took out another piece of yellow paper and muttered, "I underestimated the power of this thing. It can actually break my Yi Bing Protective Talisman so easily. I'll just have to use Armour Protective Talisman later."
The few Nirvana Realm cultivators needed to use their methods to resist the Black Fire Torrent, but Luo Zheng didn't need to. It was as if he was wandering in an ordinary lake, allowing the green liquid to burn him. There was nothing wrong with his body.
"The temperature of this Black Fire Torrent is extremely high. It's strange that it can actually boil." Ming Wei looked around.
The Black Fire Torrents that surrounded them bubbled like boiling water, and fist-sized bubbles kept flying past them.
"Where is the huge whirlpool that Luo Zheng mentioned?" Elder Jin asked.
"It's not far ahead. Follow me," Luo Zheng replied.
Then, Luo Zheng led the way in front, while the others followed behind Luo Zheng and swam in the Black Fire Torrent.
After swimming for dozens of miles in the Black Fire Torrent, everyone suddenly felt that the fluctuations of the Black Fire Torrent intensified. A huge force kept stirring the Black Fire Torrent, forming turbulent flows.
Although the turbulent flows were powerful, they were still unable to shake the group, and they continued to move forward in a straight line.
As they continued to move forward, the turbulent flows became more and more intense. The Nirvana Realm cultivators also needed to expend a certain amount of energy to resist. At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped, then pointed to a place not far ahead and said, "It should be there!"
The Black Fire Torrent was a kind of green liquid that couldn't be seen through. How could they see anything standing here?
Under such circumstances, they could only use their divine sense to investigate. Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others extended their divine sense and extended it forward. However, their divine sense didn't extend far before Ming Wei suddenly frowned and said, "My divine sense has been cut off!"
"You've noticed it too." Luo Zheng had already expected this situation.
Elder Jin nodded. "This Great Whirlpool seems to be rejecting our divine sense."
However, Chi Yi frowned and said, "I feel that my divine sense hasn't been cut off, but directly sucked into the Great Whirlpool and lost contact with our souls."
This point of view was quickly supported by Fu Er. "I feel the same way."
Similarly, divine sense lost contact with one's body, but there were many kinds of situations. Some were cut off, some were annihilated, and some were sucked away by some power.
"If divine sense is sucked away, doesn't that mean that there's another layer of space in the Great Whirlpool?" Ming Wei quickly made another judgment.
"It's indeed possible." Fu Er touched his chin and said, "Or there's a magic treasure in the center of the Great Whirlpool that can absorb souls."
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I stopped the Divine Realm earlier to check if there was anything, but after the Divine Realm stopped, the Great Whirlpool also disappeared. This area is empty and there's nothing."
"In other words, there's another layer of space in the center of the Great Whirlpool," Chi Yi said.
"If we want to know what's in the Great Whirlpool, I'm afraid we'll have to go in," Luo Zheng said, staring ahead.
"But …" Ming Wei still wanted to discuss the possible dangers.
At this moment, Luo Zheng lightly pushed off with his feet, and his whole body moved forward like a swordfish.
A vast force immediately wrapped around Luo Zheng. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could resist this force, but he didn't do so. Instead, he let the Great Whirlpool pull him in.
Ming Wei frowned. She didn't have time to reprimand Luo Zheng for his recklessness. Unexpectedly, she followed Luo Zheng into the whirlpool.
Elder Jin smiled bitterly.
They, the Chiyou Guard, had been through countless dangerous situations and had to be very careful every time. They naturally shouldn't act so recklessly. However, at this moment, they had no other choice but to follow.
As the Black Flame Current stirred, Luo Zheng's speed became faster and faster. Soon, he was pulled to the core of the Black Flame Current.
At this core, Luo Zheng felt a trace of spatial fluctuation!
"Chi Yi's judgment was right. There's really a different world!"
As soon as this thought flashed through his mind, his whole body was sucked into the core of the Great Whirlpool. Behind him, Ming Wei and Elder Jin were also sucked in.
As Luo Zheng was enveloped by the spatial fluctuation, everything around him spun.

Chapter 2602
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Mysterious Meteorite Cauldron
Luo Zheng had seen this white crystal before. After Chi Yi brought back the corpse of a Xuanyuan Guard from the Divine Realm, he found one in the Xuanyuan Guard's spatial ring.
It was the "Divine Crystal" that they spoke of.
Elder Jin and the rest deduced that the Divine Crystals in Wei Xian's Xuanyuan Guard's possession were all used up in the Moonlight Slaying Formation.
According to them, the Lingxiao Flying Ship brought by the Xuanyuan Guards also required Divine Crystals to operate.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding, Divine Crystals were similar to the "True Origin Stones" in the universe to the Mother World.
True Origin Stones did not exist in the Divine Realm because the power of a True God came from the Power of Faith in the Inner World. True Gods could not directly use the "Shenwu Coins" that were used as a currency like True Origin Stones. After collecting them, they could only rely on the Saints of various wealthy families to change the rules …
Now that he looked over and saw the Divine Crystals that covered the sky, Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open.
He did not expect that there would be such a huge amount of Divine Crystals in this space!
Buzz, buzz …
Following the spatial fluctuation behind Luo Zheng, Ming Wei, Fu Er, Elder Jin, and Chi Yi were all sucked into this space.
When they saw this scene, their expressions were ten times more exaggerated than Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng was not from the Mother World. Although he had heard from Fu Er and the rest that Divine Crystals were the main currency in the Mother World and the only way for Nirvana Realm experts to replenish their energy, he did not have a clear understanding of the value of Divine Crystals.
Therefore, no matter how many Divine Crystals there were, the impact on Luo Zheng was rather limited.
However, it was different for Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the rest!
This time, it was not Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the rest who were fighting against Wei Xian and the rest.
After all, in terms of the number of Nirvana Realm experts, the Chiyou Guards and Nuwa Clan had the advantage. The biggest problem was that Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the rest lacked resources. Among them, they lacked Divine Crystals the most! The Divine Crystals that they had brought with them had been used up not long after they were exiled in that prison.
If they were given sufficient divine crystals to fully nourish the Nirvana Token, perhaps there was no need for Luo Zheng to make a move. Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and Fu Er would be able to wipe out the group of people led by Wei Xian.
"These … are all Divine Crystals!"
"Am I dreaming? There are so many Divine Crystals!"
"These were all left behind by the Great Chief!"
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and Fu Er's jaws dropped as they stared blankly at the scene before them.
Ming Wei's eyes were also filled with excitement, but overall, she was much calmer than them.
Ming Wei was indeed shocked by the Divine Crystals here. However, they did not belong to the Nuwa Clan. They belonged to the entire Li Clan and did not have much to do with her.
Even in the Mother World, it was rare to see so many divine crystals gathered together.
"Today, I was still thinking about what to use to drive the Cloudsoar Vessel. I never imagined that I would be able to find so many Divine Crystals here. Truly …" Chi Yi couldn't help but sigh with emotion.
Luo Zheng squatted down and took a divine crystal in his hand. He felt a unique coldness from his fingertips.
The appearance of this divine crystal was like a stone that had been cut. There seemed to be some kind of unique energy contained within the crystal.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, the energy within this divine crystal was not considered strong. It was just that the energy was exceptionally stable and gentle.
"Are these divine crystals really that important?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Hearing Luo Zheng's childish question, Ming Wei smiled gently. "Of course! The operation of everything in the Mother World is inseparable from the divine crystals. "
"But the energy within is not considered strong," Luo Zheng said directly.
"However, the energy contained within the divine crystals can nourish the Nirvana Token and allow it to erupt with even more power." Ming Wei shrugged.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "So it has the same effect as the Soul Elixir?"
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had gained a little understanding of the Nirvana Realm.
To enter the Nirvana Realm, one needed to accommodate the Nirvana Token. However, the power of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses no longer relied on the Inner World.
All the power of a True God relied on the Power of Faith to transform into Taoist Connotation through the Godhead. However, after the Nirvana Realm powerhouses evolved their Divine Path to the extreme, the power they pursued came from the Nirvana Token.
"It's not the same." Ming Wei shook her head. "The two major currencies in the Mother World are the Soul Elixir and the Divine Crystal. The Soul Elixir can be used in the Sea of Truth and the Nirvana Realm to strengthen the power of the soul. The Divine Crystal is used in the Mother World to nourish the Nirvana Token."
Such an explanation made Luo Zheng clear all of a sudden.
However, his thoughts turned slightly and he asked in confusion, "Since the Divine Crystal is used to nourish the Nirvana Token, why does the Lingxiao Flying Boat need the Divine Crystal to drive it? The Lingxiao Flying Boat does not belong to a Nirvana Realm powerhouse. Could it be that there is also a Nirvana Token in the flying boat? "
"Your speculation is correct." Ming Wei pursed her lips and smiled. "The Lingxiao Flying Boat was forged by some special Nirvana Realm powerhouses. Their ability is to project the Nirvana Token onto certain objects. Therefore, only the Divine Crystal is needed to drive the flying boat."
Projecting the Nirvana Token onto certain objects … Luo Zheng became more and more curious as he listened.
It was Luo Zheng's fault that he had not stepped into the Nirvana Realm yet. If he could achieve it in the future, it would be extremely easy to understand.
"I'm afraid this is the biggest legacy that the Great Chief has left for us …" Elder Jin was shocked for a long time before he finally calmed down and murmured to Luo Zheng.
Fu Er nodded and said, "I think I understand how the Black Fire Dregs outside came about."
"How did they come about?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Follow me." Fu Er took the lead and walked forward along the road paved with Divine Crystals.
Elder Jin and the others followed closely behind. They seemed to have made the same speculation and looked confident.
In the beginning, the Divine Crystals were all laid flat on the ground. However, as the group continued to move forward, the number of Divine Crystals increased and turned into small hills that piled up on both sides of the road.
After the group passed through the hills, the terrain began to become steep. The road formed by the Divine Crystals formed a downward slope that formed a huge whirlpool.
In the center of the whirlpool formed by the Divine Crystals sat a simple and old cauldron.
In this large cauldron, the green Black Fire Dregs rose and fell within it. The Divine Crystals around the whirlpool were continuously rolling into the cauldron!
The moment Luo Zheng looked at this large cauldron, he faintly felt a sense of illusion. This cauldron did not seem to exist in this world. However, Luo Zheng also felt an inexplicable mysterious aura from this cauldron that firmly attracted his eyes.
"This large cauldron …" Luo Zheng looked at it for a while and thought of what Ming Wei had said before. He asked, "Is it a Nirvana Token?"
"Correct!" A trace of admiration appeared in Ming Wei's eyes. At the same time, she said, "This is the Xuanyun Cauldron that came from the 18th Imperial Cliff."
Fu Er nodded and added, "The Black Fire Dregs were originally not called Black Fire Dregs, but Xuanyun Fire …"
"Then this Xuanyun Cauldron is the Great Chief's Nirvana Token?"

Chapter 2603
Green Wood Puppet Soldier
Elder Jin smiled faintly at Luo Zheng's deduction. "This Mysterious Fall Cauldron is indeed a good item for eighteen levels of heaven, but there's no way Great Tribal Chief would use it as a token."
Ming Wei also agreed. "For an existence like Chiyou, his Nirvana token would be at least at the thirtieth heaven and above. An eighteenth-heaven Mysterious Fall Cauldron is not qualified to be Chiyou's Nirvana token."
Although she didn't know what Chiyou's token was, she still had this bit of common sense.
"But if this Mysterious Fall Cauldron isn't Grandfather's token, why would it appear here?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Fu Er chuckled. "There's also a Nirvana Realm token in Wei Xian's Lingxiao Speedboat, but it's not Wei Xian's Nirvana Realm token. By the same logic, this Xuanyun Cauldron should be something that the Great Chieftain invited others to invest in this place as motivation for the Divine Realm."
"I see …" Luo Zheng stared at the Mysterious Fall Cauldron and murmured.
The energy of heaven and earth in the divine realm came from the chaos energy outside the realm converted by the four divine trees. However, this energy wasn't enough to drive the entire divine realm.
Only by relying on a token could one drive a massive ship like the divine realm.
"However, there are too many divine crystals here. I'm afraid most of the divine crystals accumulated by the Li Clan over countless years are here. It would be too wasteful to just use them to drive the divine realm. I wonder what Great Tribal Chief's intentions are?" Fu Er said as he looked at the divine crystals around them.
Chi Yi was currently groping around the Mysterious Fall Cauldron. His gaze circled to the back of the cauldron and he saw several black shadows appear on the shiny divine crystal hill.
Chi Yi felt that these black shadows were somewhat familiar. When he focused his gaze, his pupils suddenly shrank. He immediately said, "I don't know what Great Tribal Chief's intentions are, but we're definitely in trouble right now …"
As soon as he finished speaking, the black shadows rushed down the divine crystal hill.
Ming Wei's gaze swept over them and her willowy eyebrows raised slightly. "What's that?"
The black thing was only half the height of a human. Its body had a black metallic luster, and it had four legs. There was a unique rune on its torso, and it had a triangular head with fist-sized eyes embedded in its head.
"It's a Green Wood Puppet Soldier, and it's the most powerful kind." Elder Jin's expression turned ugly.
"How powerful?" Ming Wei asked.
"You and I will be able to take down a few Cyanwood Puppet Soldiers. However, we are definitely no match for so many of them," said Old Jin.
The Green Wood Puppet Soldier was a kind of war puppet unique to Jiuli.
The lowest level Green Wood Puppet Soldier was equivalent to the True God Realm. There were many of them, and one Li Clan member could control thousands or even tens of thousands of them.
However, the truly powerful ones among the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers were the ones in front of him. This type of Green Wood Puppet Soldier was also embedded with a Nirvana Realm token. Although they were puppets, their strength was comparable to a Nirvana Realm powerhouse.
When Ming Wei heard Elder Jin's words, her expression instantly turned ugly. There were two to three hundred Green Wood Puppets in front of her!
"Since there are such powerful Green Wood Puppets in the Domain of the Gods, why doesn't Grandfather use them to protect the Domain of the Gods?" Luo Zheng asked in confusion as he looked at the black shadows that were constantly surging over.
"It's very simple. These Green Wood Puppets can only move within a large formation. The Great Tribal Chief doesn't have the ability to cover the entire Domain of the Gods with this formation, so he can only use these Green Wood Puppets to protect this place. Now that we have intruded, we will naturally be attacked by the Green Wood Puppets," Fu Er analyzed to Luo Zheng.
"What's there to analyze! Let's quickly retreat. These Green Wood Puppets have come with ill intentions. If we are surrounded by them, I'm afraid we will all die here! "Elder Jin shouted.
Everyone quickly retreated along the path paved with Divine Crystals. However, these Green Wood Puppets were extremely fast. Their four feet made 'sha sha' sounds as they walked on the Divine Crystals. In just five to six breaths of time, they had already caught up to Chi Yi, who was bringing up the rear.
"Weng!"
The rune on the chest of the Green Wood Puppet Soldier at the front suddenly rotated, and a pure white cone of light suddenly shot out from it.
"Xiu!"
Chi Yi's complexion changed. He leapt up and twisted his body, his entire body struggling like a loach in water as he forcibly avoided this cone of light.
But as he dodged this cone of light, he was delayed for a moment, and several more Green Wood Puppets rushed up.
"Xiu xiu xiu …"
Pure white cones of light shot out from these Green Wood Puppets once more.
Seeing these cones of light about to pierce through Chi Yi, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed and blocked in front of Chi Yi.
"Puff puff puff …"
The power contained within these cones of light was so great that it exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations.
Before this, Luo Zheng had forcefully withstood the might of the Moon Slaughtering Sword. These cones of light were only slightly weaker than the Moon Slaughtering Sword!
"I'll block them. You guys hurry up and retreat!"
No matter how powerful these cones of light were, in the end, they couldn't harm Luo Zheng in the slightest. He could completely divert the strength of the cones of light away from his body.
Chi Yi and the others naturally understood Luo Zheng's ability. Without the slightest hesitation, they quickly retreated back the way they came.
These Green Wood Puppets weren't very intelligent. They didn't know how to split up to chase after Elder Jin and the others. Two to three hundred Green Wood Puppets went straight for Luo Zheng.
"Buzz buzz …"
All the Green Wood Puppets spread out in a fan shape. The runes on their chests rotated and released pure white cones of light, which shot towards Luo Zheng one after another.
If it were Ming Wei or Elder Jin, facing these cones of light, they would probably be torn to shreds in an instant.
Luo Zheng withstood the attacks of these cones of light and kept retreating. His complexion gradually turned grave.
The combined attack of so many Green Wood Puppets was roughly equivalent to the might of ten Moon Slaughtering Sword.
Although Luo Zheng could divert all these attacks to the surface of the Saint Mountain, even the indestructible Saint Mountain might not be able to withstand such a powerful force!
As this thought flashed through his mind, he discovered that the silver light on the surface of the Saint Mountain hidden underground was surging wildly, faintly showing signs of collapse.
The Saint Mountain was extremely important to the Realm of the Gods. If the Saint Mountain collapsed, it would probably cause unpredictable trouble.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng could only divert a portion of his power to some desolate and remote regions of the Realm of the Gods.
"Rumble …"
In the north of the Realm of the Gods, an incredible force suddenly descended from some desolate regions.
Under the frantic cutting of these forces, mountain ranges were directly cut in half. When the invisible force chopped on the plains, it immediately opened up gullies that were tens of thousands of feet deep. This force directly split open the rock layer, and black flames crazily gushed out from the bottom of the gullies.
Although there were few people in these large regions, there were still some divine citizens living in them. When these divine citizens saw this apocalyptic scene, their faces turned pale with fright.

Chapter 2604
A movable statue.
Luo Zheng tried his best to avoid those villages when transferring the energy.
But this wasn't the way to go …
He could only hope that after Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others escaped, he would quickly leave.
Who would have thought that they would encounter such an inexplicable thing after entering this space!
Just as he was retreating towards the exit, Ming Wei and the others actually turned back.
"Why did you come back?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ming Wei shook her head and said, "I can't find the exit!"
When they returned the way they came, they found that the spatial crack had completely disappeared.
Even if Ming Wei utilized the Void Disillusionment True Intent, she was also unable to create a spatial passageway that led outside.
Old Man Jin and Fu Er also exhausted all their means but still couldn't find the exit. In the end, they could only turn back.
"This is troublesome," Luo Zheng said with a wry smile. "Although I'm not afraid of the Green Wood Puppets' attacks, if I let them pour out their power, it will turn the entire God's Domain into a mess …"
Ming Wei stared at the Green Wood Puppets and said, "These puppets can't attack endlessly. The energy in their bodies will eventually be exhausted, right?"
"That would be the case in another place, but here, there are Divine Crystals everywhere," Fu Er said with a bitter smile.
As soon as he finished speaking, the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers that had attacked Luo Zheng at the beginning suddenly stretched out a foot. With a light tap, they hooked up the divine crystal embedded in the ground and stuffed it into their chests …
"Then let's think of a way to destroy these Greenwood Golems," Ming Wei said.
"That's the only way." Luo Zheng nodded.
Fortunately, these Greenwood Golems had very low intelligence. It was as if they only knew how to react on reflex, eliminating the enemy in front of them before choosing their next target.
As long as Luo Zheng attracted the attacks of the Green Wood Puppets, Ming Wei and the others could easily destroy them!
Ming Wei and the others were afraid that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to hold on, so they circled around Luo Zheng, preparing to attack from the back of the Green Wood Puppets. At this moment, Luo Zheng also pulled out Sword Tengshe.
But at this moment, the originally bright red eyes of the Green Wood Puppets suddenly dimmed, emitting a pure white light as they all stopped attacking.
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others froze on the spot. They had never expected this to happen.
"What happened?" Ming Wei looked at Luo Zheng in surprise.
Luo Zheng was also baffled. He shook his head, and the hostile Green Wood Puppet Soldiers began to turn back. It was as if the frenzied attack just now had never happened.
Luo Zheng muttered to himself as he stuffed Tengshe back into his spatial ring.
At this moment, all of the Green Wood Puppets' eyes glowed red again, and they turned their heads in unison.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As the runes on his chest rotated, cones of light began to brew.
As Ming Wei and the others were closer to the Green Wood Puppets, they naturally treated these Nirvana Realm experts as their priority targets.
Ming Wei and the others' faces were as white as paper. Just as they were about to be smashed to pieces by the light cones, a light flashed in Luo Zheng's mind. With a light shake of his right hand, the Sword of Tengshe appeared in his hand.
The red light in the Green Wood Puppet Soldier's eyes dissipated, and the attack it had been preparing also stopped.
"Huu …"
Ming Wei let out a long sigh of relief. Her cheeks were still flushed red, and she had a different kind of beauty.
She had been scared half to death just now, but now that she saw Luo Zheng's actions, she naturally understood.
"It seems that the token used to enter this place is the Great Tribal Chief's Sword of Tengshe." Elder Jin had also been scared out of his wits, and it took him a while to recover.
Luo Zheng looked at the Sword of Tengshe in his hand, and smiled helplessly. "If I had known, I would have pulled out this sword from the beginning …"
After the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers stopped their attack, they returned the way they had come.
After the danger had been resolved, they were even more curious about the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers.
The Great Tribal Chief must have used the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers to protect something. Since the Sword of Tengshe could protect them from the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers' attacks, they were naturally happy to go and investigate.
However, they had learned from their mistakes. They were afraid that this damned place had some sort of trap, so they didn't dare to wander around. They could only slowly follow behind the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers.
After the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers passed by the small mountain of divine crystals, they discovered a small bridge behind the mountain of divine crystals.
Just below this small bridge, Luo Zheng discovered the large formation that Fu Er had mentioned.
There were two to three hundred formation eyes embedded in this large formation. The Green Wood Puppet Soldiers lined up neatly and entered this large formation. The light in their eyes was completely extinguished, and they no longer made any movements.
Fu Er's words made sense. Although the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers were powerful, their range of movement was limited. They could only be used to guard this space.
If the Realm of the Gods was guarded by this group of Green Wood Puppet Soldiers, those Nirvana Realm experts wouldn't be able to wreak havoc.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng held the Sword of Tengshe and led Ming Wei and the others across the small bridge. They didn't walk far before reaching the end. At the end, Luo Zheng once again saw a lifelike statue of Chiyou.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
"…"
Without saying a word, Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and Fu Er knelt on the ground and worshipped the Great Tribal Chief's statue.
This was a tradition of the Li Tribe. Even in the bone pagoda, they still followed this tradition. Moreover, the significance of this statue before them was even more different.
"This statue …"
Luo Zheng sized up this Chiyou statue.
The Chiyou statues he had seen before all had three heads and six arms, but this statue was somewhat unique. Each of his five arms held a weapon.
Axe, spear, halberd, saber, crossbow … Only the topmost right hand was empty.
Luo Zheng looked at the Sword of Tengshe in his hand. Without hesitation, he placed the Tengshe sword on the statue's right hand.
The moment the Sword of Tengshe left Luo Zheng's hand, the large formation under the small bridge once again bloomed with light. The Green Wood Puppet Soldiers had actually awakened. One by one, the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers swarmed up from both sides of the small bridge with red eyes, heading straight for Luo Zheng's group.
"Oh no!"
"These Green Wood Puppet Soldiers only recognize the Sword of Tengshe!"
Elder Jin and the others paled in fright.
Luo Zheng frowned. He wanted to pull the Sword of Tengshe out of the statue's hand.
But when he tried to pull, the Sword of Tengshe did not budge at all!
Luo Zheng grimaced. Circulating the Origin of Strength in his body, he once more tried to pull it out. Although he used all his strength, he still could not pull it out.
"This …"
He also did not expect such a thing to happen.
While everyone was at a loss, the Chiyou statue slightly moved. The statue raised the Sword of Tengshe.

Chapter 2605
Meeting
While Luo Zheng and the others were still recovering from their shock, Chiyou's statue opened its eyes, and a voice full of vicissitudes came out of its mouth.
"Who are you? Why do you have my sword? "
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others were surprised and delighted when they heard this voice. This was Chiyou's voice!
"Great Tribal Chief!"
"We are the Chiyou Guard! Great Tribal Chief! "
Elder Jin and Chi Yi responded. Their eyes were full of excitement, and their faces were sincere and solemn.
In the mother world, they were not qualified to meet the Great Tribal Chief. Now that they could face Chiyou alone, they naturally felt extremely honored.
"Chiyou Guard?"
There was no joy or sorrow in Chiyou's voice, and no expression on his carved face. He looked around and asked, "Tengshe's sword was given to my daughter, Luo Shui, for safekeeping. Where is Luo Shui?"
"Reporting to the Great Tribal Chief! Her Highness is in the Divine Domain. This is … "Elder Jin thought for a moment, then introduced," This is your eldest grandson! "
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng was Chiyou's grandson.
However, Elder Jin's thoughts turned very quickly. After all, Luo Xiao was a divine citizen without a bloodline inheritance.
Surnames were meaningless to existences like them. The only way to verify blood relations was through bloodline. Therefore, it was not wrong to regard Luo Zheng as the Great Tribal Chief's eldest grandson.
"Eldest grandson?"
The two-zhang-tall statue looked down at Luo Zheng. He stretched out one of his hands and placed it in front of Luo Zheng. "Young man, let me see your bloodline …"
Luo Zheng had been sizing up this Chiyou statue. He had roughly understood that this Chiyou statue only contained a remnant soul. However, this remnant soul still gave Luo Zheng great pressure.
"Luo Zheng! Quickly offer a drop of blood, "Elder Jin hurriedly ordered.
Luo Zheng nodded. He stretched out his finger, and a drop of golden blood shot out from his fingertip and landed on the stone hand of the Chiyou statue.
Chi You placed his finger that was stained with Luo Zheng's blood in front of his eyes and examined it. Indifferently, he said, "You are indeed the flesh and blood of Luo Shui. You stay … the others, please wait outside the small bridge."
Elder Jin and the others didn't dare to disobey. They took Ming Wei and quickly retreated to the other end of the bridge.
"Why is your bloodline no longer pure? I smelled the scent of 'Ji' in it. Tell me why. "Chi You's voice was still indifferent.
"Ji?" Luo Zheng was taken aback and asked, "You mean that Primal Chaos Ancient God?"
"You're really sharp. You found the problem with the bloodline just like that. My name is Ji." 9527's voice came from Luo Zheng's chest.
Just as 9527 was communicating with Luo Zheng, Chi You pointed at Luo Zheng's chest again. Under an invisible force, a light green soul was pulled out. It was 9527's soul.
"You're not Ji himself. You're just a spiritual puppet he created with his soul!" Chi You's voice became cold.
Golden threads flashed on his right hand, which was made of stone. These threads quickly turned into a mini cage, trapping 9527 within it.
9527 was very calm and replied, "I naturally can't represent my master."
"Speak. Why are you parasitizing my descendant!" Chi You's voice became stern again.
Although Chi You didn't show any concern for Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, as the son of Luo Shui, could bring Tengshe's sword into this area. The meaning was obvious. But after smelling the bloodline of Ji, Chi You became suspicious.
9527 said unhurriedly, "Very simple. Luo Zheng was chosen by me."
"What was chosen?" Chi You asked again.
"I hope he becomes the Man of Destiny," 9527 replied.
"He becomes the Man of Destiny?"
Chi You's emotionless voice also showed a trace of surprise. He didn't expect to get such an answer.
"Otherwise? I treasure my feather clothes so much. Why would I casually pass on my bloodline to a commoner? Do you think the bloodline of Jiuli is nobler than me? "9527 asked in response.
9527 didn't change his expression. After all, there was a chaos ancient god standing behind 9527.
"Why did you choose him …" Chi You stared at Luo Zheng and murmured.
"You created the world yourself and cultivated the seed. Why do you have to ask me? I chose him because he's the most suitable one! " 9527 said. "Also, Luo Zheng was chosen as the Man of Destiny. I will also help you. Why not cooperate?"
Chi You was silent. Of course, he understood 9527's meaning.
After a long while, Chi You said, "You're Luo Zheng?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"I want to see your mother," Chi You said his request.
It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to invite Li Luoshui here. He said, "But I can't get out of this space."
Chi You stretched out his hand and pointed upwards. A spatial crack split open. Through this spatial crack, the surging green liquid outside could be seen.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. With a thought, he used greater teleportation and went straight to the crack.
In the blink of an eye, a spatial tunnel extended from the depths of the ground to a palace on the floating island.
During this time, Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao had been traveling around. They only returned to the floating island occasionally. The husband and wife enjoyed the peace and leisure in the divine territory. The relationship between Li Luoshui and Aunt Hanjiu also eased a lot.
Luo Zheng's sudden appearance in the palace puzzled Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao. Li Luoshui asked, "Zheng 'er, what happened?"
"Someone wants to see you, Mother," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng didn't have any feelings for his grandfather. But Li Luoshui and Chi You were different. She was his daughter.
"Who is it?" Li Luoshui asked suspiciously.
"Come with me." Luo Zheng pulled his mother's hand. His gaze fell on Luo Xiao. After thinking for a moment, he said, "Father, come with us."
He didn't know if Chi You would be happy to see this son-in-law.
The two of them suspiciously entered the spatial tunnel Luo Zheng had created and arrived in front of Chi You.
"Zheng 'er, who is it that wants to see me? Why are you being so mysterious …" Li Luoshui asked in confusion. When she saw Chi You's statue, she was slightly stunned. When she felt the aura coming from Chi You's statue, her body suddenly trembled. Her beautiful eyes were filled with tears, and she called out in a trembling voice, "Father?"
Chi You nodded slightly and said indifferently, "What happened in the divine territory? Why is your body gone?"

Chapter 2606
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
A secret agreement.
Li Luoshui had always been very strong. Even in front of her husband and son, she was rarely sad.
However, in front of her father, all the grievances she had suffered all these years were revealed.
As she sobbed, she told Chi You about what happened in the divine territory, from the beginning of the journey to Luo Zheng inheriting the nascent will.
After listening to this, Chi You's indifferent and weathered voice revealed some emotions. "Back then, I thought I set the divine territory free and achieved it without anyone knowing. I didn't expect you to go through such hardships …"
"Father, this is not your fault." Li Luoshui shook her head and said, "Why don't you use a split soul to take charge of the divine territory? If so, our Li Tribe should be better off. "
This question had always troubled Li Luoshui. Even Luo Xiao was very puzzled when he mentioned this.
Splitting a soul was not difficult for Chi You. Moreover, Chi You could even cultivate a split soul to guard the divine territory. Normal Nirvana Realm experts would not dare to offend him.
Chi You smiled faintly and immediately answered, "Because they have the means to track all split souls. If I placed a split soul in the divine territory, it would naturally expose the location of the divine territory. I'm afraid the divine territory would not be able to hide for so long …"
"But father, you are also …" Li Luoshui said doubtfully.
"No," Chi You shook his head, "I'm not even a wisp of a remnant soul now. This is a wisp of consciousness created by the Stone Splitting Soul Technique, and this consciousness will only exist for a short time. Soon, I will collapse, so I'm anxious to see you."
"This is our last chance to see each other?" Li Luoshui was even more sad.
For a powerful existence like Chi You, as long as a remnant soul existed, there would be a chance for him to make a comeback. She did not expect her father to not even be a remnant soul.
"Maybe, maybe not." Chi You shook his head.
Hearing Chi You's ambiguous words, Li Luoshui's face was full of determination. "Then what should we do? As long as there is a glimmer of hope, Luoshui will not give up! "
Chi You was silent again …
That glimmer of hope was too slim. Even if Chi You revived himself, it would be difficult to reverse the fate of Jiuli.
"I hope you can hide in the chaos and survive in the divine territory." Chi You was silent for a long time before he gave such an answer.
Li Luoshui frowned and stared at Chi You. "But …"
"The Mother World is no longer suitable for the Li Tribe to return. I released this ship to leave a way out for the Jiuli Tribe. I am already satisfied to see you all survive," Chi You advised.
Obviously, he did not want Li Luoshui to lead her people back to the Mother World.
Li Luoshui naturally had such thoughts in her heart. She wanted the Divine Realm to return to the era of the Sacred Clan's prosperity and let the Jiuli Clan spread throughout the Divine Realm. She also hoped that the Divine Realm would give birth to more Nirvana Realm experts.
However, Chi You stood at the peak of the clouds and saw things more clearly. He knew very well that it was impossible to save Jiu Li with just a God Region.
Who knew that Li Luoshui would resolutely shake her head, "Father, I can promise you anything else, but to have the Li Clan cower in the divine realm forever, I can't do it!"
"Hehe …"
For the first time, Chi You let out a laugh.
Then, he said, "The night before the Divine Realm released that glimmer of hope, I handed it to you. The one to go to the Mother World cannot be you, nor can it be any other Li Clan member."
"Father, are you talking about Luo Zheng and Luo Yan?" Li Luoshui's eyes flashed as she asked.
Although Chi You had not seen Luo Yan, he naturally knew that Luo Yan was definitely the other six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed.
He nodded and said, "Yes, I want them to go to the Mother World. One of them will go to Li Mountain, and the other will return …"
"I want to go with them!" Li Luoshui interrupted before Chi You could finish speaking.
Chi You shook his head, "You should stay in the Mother World."
"Why?" Li Luoshui asked again.
"There are some things that you can't participate in. Even I can't decide, so you must listen to me!" As he said this, he glanced at Luo Xiao indifferently.
It was Luo Xiao's first time seeing his father-in-law. As a saint, he was nervous under Chi You's gaze.
However, Chi You only said to Luo Xiao, "Please treat my daughter well. You all retreat to the small bridge. I still have some things to tell Luo Zheng."
"I will take good care of Luoshui," Luo Xiao bowed to Chi You.
Although Li Luoshui was reluctant, she was still taken away by Luo Xiao.
At this time, Chi You raised his right hand again. The golden cage that had imprisoned 9527 disappeared. He stared at 9527 and said, "If Ji really chooses Luo Zheng as the Man of the End, in some aspects, our goals are the same."
"That's what I thought from the beginning," 9527 replied unhurriedly.
"How much help can Ji give Luo Zheng?" Chi You asked.
9527 thought and then answered, "I have fallen into a deep sleep. Right now, I can only give Luo Zheng a portion of my bloodline and the ability to use it."
"Not enough," Chi You said.
"It's useless to bargain with me. I don't have the authority of Ji. Plus, Luo Zheng is only a true god now. Before he steps into the Nirvana Realm, everything is just hope," 9527 said.
Luo Zheng stood at the side and listened in a daze. He did not expect Chi You and 9527 to bargain in front of him. Chi You was obviously using him to ask for benefits from Ji.
At the end of the conversation, Chi You waved his hand lightly and started to communicate with 9527 alone. He did not let Luo Zheng hear him.
After about half an incense stick's worth of time, Chi You took a deep look at Luo Zheng and suddenly let out a sigh.
This sigh reverberated through the entire space. Then, the entire Chiyou statue, including the weapons on his six arms, instantly weathered and turned into a pile of gravel. With a loud rumble, it collapsed, leaving behind only the Soaring Serpent Sword.
As for Chi You's soul, it had completely disappeared.
Chi You's soul was not even a remnant soul. After it was activated, it could only stay for a short period of time. This was Chi You's last arrangement.
After the statue weathered, the Sword of Tengshe became an object without an owner again. The Green Wood Puppet Soldiers under the bridge were activated again.
Luo Zheng reacted quickly. He quickly picked up the Sword of Tengshe in his hand to prevent the Green Wood Puppet Soldiers from rioting.
"Buzz …"
9527 drew a green trajectory in the air and went straight into Luo Zheng's chest.
"What did my grandpa say to you?"
Luo Zheng asked. He was curious about the agreement Chi You and 9527 reached in the end.
Who knew that 9527 laughed and refused to reveal it to Luo Zheng. "Anyway, your fate is in my hands. Just listen to me in the future!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and then left the room.

Chapter 2607
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Roaring Fuxi.
After returning to the floating island, the Chiyou Guards had some changes in their state of mind.
Although Luo Zheng had heard about the Chiyou Tribe's defeat and Chiyou's death in the Sea of Truth, the Chiyou Guards still had high hopes for the omnipotent Great Chieftain.
Now that this news was confirmed by Chi You himself, it could be considered to be true.
Elder Jin, Fu Er, and the rest of the Chiyou Guards were eager to return to the mother world to find the remaining You Xiong Tribe.
Therefore, during this period of time, they had been thinking about the Lingxiao Flying Ship. But what was the point of going to the mother world now?
Although Li Luoshui saw her father for the last time and did not have any regrets, she could not help but feel depressed when she thought about Jiuli's fate.
Luo Xiao was not from Jiuli after all. No matter how he comforted her, it did not have much effect. In the end, he could only let Li Luoshui talk to Lingshu.
After Emperor Hanqing died, Lingshu was also released and stayed on the floating island during this period of time.
Although Lingshu and Luoshui were not weak, they had lost the support of their inner worlds and could not improve their cultivation.
The way to change this situation was simple. They had to retain their memories and reincarnate. The new body would naturally be able to open up their inner worlds. Only then would they have the chance to cross the Sea of Truth and step onto the Nirvana Realm again.
During this period of time, Lingshu had been preparing for reincarnation. She did not expect her sister to come and mention the news of her father's death. The two sisters could only comfort each other while feeling sad.
Among the group of Nirvana Realm experts, the only one who was in a good mood was Ming Wei.
Although she was sad about Chiyou's death, Chiyou's request to send Luo Yan to Mount Li was very much to Ming Wei's liking.
When they were in the outer realm, Ming Wei was very interested in Luo Yan. However, because Luo Yan could not step into the Chaos, she had not been able to meet him.
After entering the Divine Territory, Ming Wei immediately found Luo Yan and tested Luo Yan's bloodline.
A bloodline sealed with the six-vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed was definitely not ordinary.
However, Ming Wei wanted to bring Luo Yan back to Mount Li, but Luo Yan had no intention of doing so. She only wanted to stay in the Divine Realm to accompany her parents and Luo Zheng. How could she be willing to be separated?
Since Chi You had personally given the order, there was a possibility that this matter would be loosened.
However, all of this depended not only on Luo Zheng's arrangement, but also on Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao's choice.
…
…
At the bottom of the chaos.
When the prison was opened, all the Nirvana Realm powerhouses left.
Only a portion of the Aragami who were unwilling to leave remained in the area, continuing to maintain the territories of the major races.
At the top of one of the bone towers, a black-robed man looked up at the sky.
The grayish-brown chaotic clouds were floating like a solidified mist. From his perspective, the chaotic clouds were floating at an extremely slow speed. However, he knew that it was because the chaotic clouds were too huge that it created such a visual illusion. In fact, the chaotic clouds were not slow at all.
Similarly, there was also the light red gemstone floating in the sky. That was the Divine Realm that was speeding up and leaving. It seemed like the Divine Realm was moving slowly, but in fact, it was moving at a very fast speed. The Divine Realm was constantly moving away from the bottom of the chaos.
"They've finally left. Are they planning to return to the mother world?" The black-robed man mumbled.
He took off the hood of his black robe, revealing his long black hair. Under the messy hair was a masculine face.
After confirming that the Divine Realm had left, the black-robed man walked to the top of the bone tower and ran down the surface of the bone tower.
It would take a few months to fall from the top of the bone tower to the bottom. However, the black-robed man accelerated along the surface of the bone tower. He turned into a black wind and rushed to the ground at a speed that could not be captured by the naked eye.
In less than ten breaths, he had already rushed to the bottom of the bone tower.
Smashing down from above at such a high speed, even a speck of dust would contain a terrifying force, let alone a person. If he did not take any precautions, he would be able to create a huge crater at the bottom of the bone tower!
However, the moment he landed, his speed suddenly stopped. The tip of his foot lightly tapped the air. The space where his foot stepped on emitted a "kacha" sound as he gently landed on the ground.
Then, the gray-robed man flew across the Eternal Wasteland.
Along the way, he encountered many "sneaky people". However, when these sneaky people saw the gray-robed man, they were intimidated by his aura and ran away with faces full of fear.
Not long after, the gray-robed man stopped in a wasteland.
He gently lifted his foot and suddenly stomped down. The entire wasteland immediately trembled, emitting a rumbling sound.
"I'm leaving this place! Do you hear me! "The gray-robed man roared.
The Eternal Wasteland was silent. It was a flat land without even a mountain. Naturally, there was no response.
The gray-robed man was somewhat indignant as he stomped down once again.
Countless desolate bones scattered, forming a crater that was a few thousand feet wide. The gray-robed man continued shouting, "Do you hear me! Ji! Answer me! "
The entire world remained silent towards him. He felt like he was talking to himself like a madman.
"Your choice might not be correct. Before he has the potential, I might help him, but once he has the potential, I will find a chance to replace him!" The gray-robed man roared again.
This time, his voice was even louder.
The roar stirred up a blast, forming a hurricane that sent thousands of desolate bones flying in all directions.
The gray-robed man probably understood that "Ji" would not respond to him. In his anger, he stretched out his fist. His starry eyes were filled with hatred, "You shall lie here for the rest of your life!"
As his voice faded, an Eight Trigrams mark condensed on his fist. Without much hesitation, he smashed his fist downwards.
"Boom!"
This time, the ground of the entire "prison" began to tremble.
The Eternal Wasteland beneath the gray-robed man's feet began to expand. The wasteland that was tens of thousands of miles wide suddenly grew to a height of tens of thousands of feet. After the frenzied expansion, the entire Eternal Wasteland exploded with a "Poof". Everything in the wasteland, including the nearly indestructible desolate bones, were reduced to dust!
This punch had not only destroyed the Eternal Wasteland, it had also smashed open a crater that was tens of thousands of feet deep!
The gigantic head that had been buried at the bottom of the Eternal Wasteland finally revealed its true appearance!
The gigantic beast's skull had lost all its skin and flesh, but it still emitted a vast aura. Its empty eye sockets seemed to be silently telling something.
The gray-robed man stared at the gigantic beast, but he did not dare to step on the skull. Instead, he chose to leave.

Chapter 2608
Preparations Before Departure
In a palace on the floating island, a mellow fragrance of meat wafted through the air.
True Gods did not need food to fill their stomachs, but all kinds of delicacies had always been very popular in the divine realm.
The ingredients on the floating island were collected from all over the divine realm and were extremely expensive. Even the disciples of the floating island found it difficult to afford them, let alone the citizens of the gods.
"Yan 'er's cooking skills have improved greatly," Luo Zheng praised after tasting one of the dishes at the table.
Luo Yan's lips curled up slightly, faintly pleased with herself, but she still said modestly, "You're still Sister Xie Youqin! She taught me everything! "
Luo Yan had been separated from Luo Zheng since she was young. She had spent very little time with Luo Xiao and had not had the chance to meet her mother. Now that her family was reunited, she naturally cherished the time before her.
During this time, she had fallen in love with cooking.
Although the floating island did not lack skilled chefs, this time, Xi Youqin had personally taught her.
"Yan 'er is too modest. You're so smart, you can understand without teaching," Luo Xiao said.
Luo Yan sat on the other side of the large table, her hands supporting her chin. Her small head faced Li Luoshui, and her bright eyes flashed slightly. She stared at Li Luoshui and said, "Mother, do you have something to say to me?"
Li Luoshui had been smiling, but when Luo Yan suddenly asked this question, her body stiffened slightly.
"Mother has something on her mind. Yan 'er knows." Luo Yan's gaze suddenly turned to Luo Zheng, and she actually glared fiercely at her brother. "Brother also knows, but he's not willing to say it to me directly!"
"This …" Luo Zheng had an awkward expression.
There were indeed many things that had not been revealed to Luo Yan. He did not want his sister to bear this burden, but sometimes, fate was like this.
"Let me guess." Luo Yan blinked and said, "When that woman called Ming Wei tested my bloodline, she asked me if I was willing to go to Li Mountain. I don't know where that is, but it's definitely not the divine realm. You probably can't refuse her, right?"
Luo Yan did not know of Chi You's existence. When Ming Wei asked her, she had refused, so she came to this conclusion.
Seeing Luo Xiao and Li Luoshui's expressions, Luo Yan lowered her head and said, "If Father and Mother want me to go to Li Mountain, Yan 'er will not refuse, but Yan' er seems to accompany you here …"
"It's not because of Ming Wei, but because of Ming Wei, even if Father and Mother agree, I won't agree," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
A trace of suspicion flashed in Luo Yan's eyes as she asked, "Then why?"
Li Luoshui sighed and said, "It's because of your grandfather."
"Luo Luo Luo
Who is my grandfather? "Luo Yan asked curiously.
Thus, Li Luo Yan explained the history of Jiuli and Youxiong, giving Luo Yan a general understanding.
After speaking, Luo Yan stared at Luo Zheng and said, "In other words, even if I don't go to Li Mountain, Brother will leave the divine realm?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Actually, how could Luo Zheng not want to stay in the divine realm? With the company of Ning Yudie and the other women, living in the Central Domain would be like an immortal.
But 9527 would be the first to disagree.
Luo Yan gently pursed her lips and finally nodded. "If that's the case, I agree to go to Li Mountain …"
These years of experience had made Luo Yan mature. She knew her mother's difficulties, so of course, she would not let Li Luoshui worry too much.
Even though she easily agreed, Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao's hearts were still heavy. If they had a second choice, they would not want their daughter to be far away.
…
In addition to convincing Luo Yan, Luo Zheng also faced another problem.
The time spent on the journey to the mother world would probably be counted in the hundreds of years, and he did not know when he would return.
Although Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the others had cultivated to the True Divinity Realm and their lifespans were limitless, they could afford to wait any longer. However, he had been running around all these years, so he was always away from them.
How to convince them was also a problem.
"I don't agree with you leaving, Luo Zheng! I have no interest in the mother world. The divine realm is so big, why should you set your sights on an irrelevant place! "Xi Youqin was the first to stand up and oppose.
Xun, Su Lingyun and the others were relatively calm, but they were also very surprised.
A big problem in the divine realm was finally solved, but their husband was planning to leave the divine realm. They naturally did not understand.
Ning Yudie pondered for a long time, then suddenly said, "If you have to leave the divine realm, you can take us with you."
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, then he asked, "You mean to enter my inner world?"
"En." Ning Yudie nodded. "Before, our cultivation was not enough, so we could only stand under the protection of the immortal mansion. Now that we all have True God bodies, we can also hide in your inner world."
Ning Yudie's proposal was feasible. Luo Zheng could definitely open up a continent for them, help them create a new environment, and even replicate the entire Central Domain.
"But if I die, my inner world will also collapse. At that time, how will your safety be guaranteed …" Luo Zheng looked worried.
Unexpectedly, Ning Yudie chuckled softly, "If my husband dies, how can I live in this world?"
Hearing such an answer, Luo Zheng was moved.
Xun, Su Lingyun, Mu Ning and the others also had the same idea.
Han Liusu, who was sitting a little further away, smiled gently. "Besides, we also want to see what the mother world looks like!"
Xi Youqin and the others, who were born in the universe, had no interest in the mother world, but Mu Ning and Han Liusu had stood at the top of the divine realm since birth. Their horizons were much wider than theirs. They were in awe of the Nirvana Realm and were also curious about the mother world.
"But …" Luo Zheng still felt that the divine realm was much safer. At least ordinary Nirvana Realm powerhouses could not break through it. Moreover, it was cruising at the edge of the chaos, so it was difficult to discover the divine realm.
At this time, Xun reached out her cold hand and placed it on Luo Zheng's forehead. She said faintly, "Don't hesitate. This decision is not for you, but for us."
"Okay!" Luo Zheng finally made the decision.
…
…
Half a month later, Luo Zheng returned to the great whirlpool and began to collect Divinity Crystals.
According to Fu Er's estimation, when the speed of the divine realm increased, the consumption of Divinity Crystals would be very slow.
Luo Zheng was not too clear about the value of these Divinity Crystals, but they could be used in the mother world.
However, just in case, Luo Zheng only took half of the Divinity Crystals and left the Azure Parasol to Luo Xiao.
Although Yuan Chengdao had died, the reincarnation soul tool could still find his memories. If Yuan Chengdao reincarnated in the future and recovered his cultivation, he would continue to control the direction of the divine realm.

Chapter 2609
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Traversing the Chaos
"The tracking formation in the Lingxiao Airship has been destroyed. We only need to place a divine crystal and it will be able to move freely."
Fu Er jumped down from the airship and said.
Luo Zheng glanced at the airship, then turned to look at Li Luoshui and Luo Xiao not far away.
Li Luoshui's eyelids trembled for a while. She rushed forward and hugged Luo Zheng in her arms, her face full of reluctance.
"No matter what happens, you must come back alive. This is mother's only request," Li Luoshui whispered.
Although she had only been with Luo Zheng for a short time, he was still her flesh and blood. She knew very well what Luo Zheng would face when he went to the mother world. It was impossible for her not to be worried. But on the other hand, she believed in her father's arrangements. She could not let Luo Zheng die.
Luo Zheng held Li Luoshui in his arms. His eyes met Luo Xiao's, and Luo Xiao nodded at him.
At the moment of parting, father and son did not need to communicate much.
Then Li Luoshui said goodbye to Luo Yan. The mother and daughter also comforted and reminded each other.
Ming Wei led the people of the Nuwa Clan onto the Lingxiao Airship, but only Chi Yi of the Chiyou Guard chose to go.
Chi You did not have much to say to the Chiyou Guard. He only asked them to send Luo Yan to Mount Li. As a member of Mount Li, Ming Wei could naturally complete this task very well.
As for Luo Zheng's goal, 9527 did not reveal it.
Therefore, most of the Chiyou Guard, including Elder Jin, chose to stay in the divine realm. In the eyes of the Chiyou Guard, the divine realm had become the last pure land of Jiuli. They were willing to protect the princess.
When Luo Zheng stepped onto the Lingxiao Airship, Chi Yi had already arrived at the tail of the airship.
On the floor of the tail of the airship, a jade plate was inlaid.
Chi Yi stretched out his hand and gently clasped the jade plate. The jade plate slowly rose. Chi Yi then took out a divine crystal and placed it in the jade plate.
This jade plate was seized from Lu Jia. The jade plate itself could be used to control the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, and it was also the array plate to kill Yuehua. During this period of time, Fu Er had been pondering for a long time. He had also figured out how to use the Moonlight Slaughtering Array and taught it to Chi Yi.
Although the Primal Chaos was empty, there were still various kinds of troubles. With the addition of the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation, there would be one more way to deal with the enemy.
As Chi Yi gently fiddled with the Soaring Firmament Airship, the entire airship slowly rose up. As its speed suddenly increased, the floating island became smaller and smaller …
Not many people knew that Luo Zheng had left the God's Domain.
After going through so many things, God's Domain needed absolute stability.
On the one hand, Luo Zheng had completely revised the rules on the Governing Slate. On the other hand, with Elder Jin, Fu Er, and other Nirvana Realm powerhouses holding the fort, no Wealthy Clan would dare to mess around.
When the Soaring Firmament Airship rushed to the top of the God's Domain, Luo Zheng made the space barrier around the God's Domain disappear.
Chi Yi gently fiddled with the jade plate. The entire Soaring Firmament Airship's surface emitted traces of Space Law. The next moment, it escaped into the space tunnel and began to shuttle through the Primal Chaos.
Whether it was the Primal Chaos or the God's Domain, the scenery in the space tunnel was extremely monotonous.
As the airship sailed steadily, everyone's state of mind also calmed down.
"Chi You really didn't tell you where to go?" Ming Wei blinked her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng shrugged. It was not easy for him to answer this question.
Chi You must have told 9527 where he was going, but this involved the secret between the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and Chi You. On one hand, Luo Zheng did not know the answer. On the other hand, it was not suitable for him to reveal it to Ming Wei.
"Mount Li is also a good choice," Ming Wei said seriously. "Although you are not a member of the Nuwa Clan, there are still many other clans in Mount Li. If you can obtain the necessary resources in Mount Li, I will help you with it."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "If I only want stability, staying in the God's Domain is probably the best choice …"
Ming Wei heard this and pursed her lips slightly. She originally wanted to warn Luo Zheng that the Mother World was not this small God's Domain. However, when she thought of Luo Zheng's purpose in going to the Mother World, she remained silent.
As a famous clan in the Mother World, how could the Jiuli Clan be willing to be wiped out just like that? However, in Ming Wei's opinion, even Chi You's original body had fallen. It was almost impossible for the Jiuli Clan to recover its former glory. How big of a storm could the current Luo Zheng stir up if he returned to the Mother World?
However, Ming Wei was only an outsider. This was an internal matter of the Jiuli Clan. She could only give some suggestions.
Luo Yan listened quietly. She had the same idea as Ming Wei. It would be good if her brother could accompany them in Li Shan. The siblings could take care of each other. However, when she heard her brother's answer, she swallowed the words in her mouth.
The journey in the Chaos was very boring. According to Ming Wei, even with the Lingxiao Airship's speed, it would take several years to reach the Mother World.
Therefore, not long after, the Nuwa Clan leaned against the side of the Lingxiao Airship and sat cross-legged to cultivate.
Chi Yi focused on controlling the Lingxiao Airship to prevent any unexpected situations from happening.
Luo Zheng also found a corner to sit cross-legged. With a slight thought, he created an inner body in the Inner World.
In the sky above Luo Zheng's Inner World, a floating island appeared.
This floating island was in the shape of a gourd. At the front of the gourd, Luo Zheng perfectly restored the Cloud Hall. At the back of the Cloud Hall, he replicated the Immortal's Mansion.
After the Immortal's Mansion was destroyed, it was never rebuilt. After all, that Immortal's Mansion was Gu Bei's masterpiece. Even if Yu Shenfeng wanted to restore it, it wouldn't be that easy. However, although the Immortal's Mansion was no longer there, Afo had been taken away by Luo Zheng in advance. Now, he was following Ning Yudie and the others back to the replicated Immortal's Mansion.
The instant Luo Zheng appeared in the Inner World, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and his figure suddenly disappeared. In the next moment, he appeared at the front of the floating island.
Han Liusu and Mu Ning stood at the entrance of the Cloud Hall. The two women's eyes contained a hint of astonishment as they looked at a middle-aged man not far away.
After the floating island was built, it was discovered by the creatures of this world.
A few powerful cultivators had flown to a considerable height to size up the floating island created by the "Creator", but no one dared to take a step forward.
However, the middle-aged man in front of them was different. He directly stepped onto the floating island and knelt on one knee at the entrance of the Cloud Hall.
Out of curiosity, Mu Ning went to ask the middle-aged man why he was kneeling here. However, the middle-aged man didn't answer and only said that he was waiting for someone.
As for who he was waiting for, the middle-aged man refused to say.

Chapter 2610
Terrifying Talent
The person kneeling in front of the Cloud Hall was none other than Evil Deities.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly to Han Liusu and smiled unnaturally, his face faintly showing an embarrassed expression.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Han Liusu and Mu Ning felt strange.
When Evil Deities saw Luo Zheng, he raised his head and became excited. He said, "I, Evil Deities, have never begged anyone in this life. I only beg you, Creator of the World! Please fulfill your promise, Creator of the World! "
Luo Zheng promised Evil Deities that he would release him from his inner world.
However, ever since he entered the Realm of the Gods, he had been constantly on the move without stopping. Naturally, this promise was never fulfilled.
Now that Evil Deities was kneeling here, Luo Zheng felt guilty.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and grabbed Evil Deities' shoulders. He wanted to help Evil Deities up, but Evil Deities did not move. He had no intention of getting up. "If you don't promise me, I won't get up!"
"I already promised you, but now is not the time," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"Anytime is fine!" Evil Deities insisted.
Evil Deities had been ambitious since he was young. In his eyes, no matter how difficult things were, he could solve them with his talent and perseverance. The only thing he could not do was leave this world.
When he heard Luo Zheng say this, he thought that Luo Zheng was giving him another excuse to delay things.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I am currently in the Primal Chaos. With your current cultivation, you will definitely die if you step into the Primal Chaos …"
Actually, Ming Wei had a method that could allow a True God to safely step into the Primal Chaos.
When they were in the Outer Realm, Hua Tianming and Chen Huang Yijian were only able to move freely under Ming Wei's protection.
However, there was no point in releasing Evil Deities now. At most, he could only move around on the flying ship. It was impossible to throw him into the Space Passage and let him drift with the flow.
Evil Deities saw that Luo Zheng's expression did not seem to be fake. His eyes were filled with disappointment.
Luo Zheng then said, "I am going to an even bigger world. At that time, I will definitely set you free."
Evil Deities stared at Luo Zheng. His expression did not change. After all, Luo Zheng had tricked him several times.
When he was young, he had already dominated the entire world and helped Luo Zheng maintain the development of this world. Now, the Evil God's descendants had already spread for countless generations, but he was still here!
"Creator of the world, can you give me a guarantee?" Evil God's eyes revealed a hint of cunning.
He was so smart that he had already guessed Mu Ning and Han Liusu's identities. If he could make Luo Zheng promise in front of his wife, it would definitely count.
"Yes. When I step into an even bigger world, the first thing I will do is set you free." Luo Zheng nodded.
"If you don't set me free by then, I will definitely kneel here!" Evil Deities threatened.
Although he did not know why Luo Zheng wanted to move his women to this floating island, Evil Deities was happy to see this. At least he had a chance to find Luo Zheng here.
Luo Zheng nodded helplessly. As his gaze swept past the Evil God's body, he let out a soft cry of surprise. "How many divine daos have you cultivated?"
Luo Zheng used the Infinity Ruler to fuse three thousand Divine Daos. Therefore, he had a complete set of three thousand Divine Daos in his Godhead.
The starting point of this world's martial artists was, to some extent, the same as the Realm of the Gods. It was just that Luo Zheng's inner world could not compare to Chi You's Realm of the Gods. It was unlike the Realm of the Gods, who could easily step into the Divine Sea Realm from birth.
"How many? There are only three thousand Divine Daos in this world. Naturally, you've cultivated three thousand Divine Daos. "Evil Deities looked at Luo Zheng strangely.
"Three thousand Divine Daos …"
Hearing this, Han Liusu and Mu Ning behind Luo Zheng were also shocked.
Han Liusu was a Perfection True God and Mu Ning's cultivation was not bad either. They both came from rich and powerful families and knew how terrifying it was to cultivate several Divine Daos at the same time.
And this Evil Deities had cultivated three thousand Divine Daos …
Even the Sage Emperors of the Mu Family and Han Family, quasi-sages, could not do this, but he had?
Luo Zheng was also dumbfounded.
It had to be known that Luo Zheng had relied on the Infinite Ruler to accommodate three thousand Divine Daos.
If he relied on his own talent to cultivate one Divine Dao after another, given enough time, he might be able to do it, but it would not be a short period of time.
Although the flow of time in Luo Zheng's inner world was very fast, Luo Zheng had only been able to accommodate three thousand Divine Daos for a short period of time. During this time, Evil Deities had not cultivated for more than ten years.
In less than ten years, Evil Deities had relied on his own talent to comprehend three thousand Divine Daos?
This kind of talent even made Luo Zheng feel terrified.
However, Evil Deities did not realize how terrifying his talent was. In his eyes, no one in this world could compete with him. This idea had not changed since the day he became famous. Therefore, in the eyes of Evil Deities, there was an even bigger world outside.
Only in that world would the Evil God be able to find someone who could match him.
Of course, Evil Deities did not know that even in the God Domain, or even in the Mother World, there were very few True Gods who could cultivate so many Divine Daos.
In such a short period of time, Luo Zheng did not know if there was such a genius in the God Domain, but it was impossible for such a genius to exist in the God Domain.
"However, I was suppressed by the rules of this world, so my three thousand Divine Daos could not be perfected. It was impossible for me to cultivate that perfected magical power …" Evil Deities revealed a resentful expression.
When Luo Zheng became a Perfected True God, Evil Deities could cultivate to a middle True God. After Luo Zheng stepped into the Sea of True Intent, Evil Deities immediately advanced to an upper True God.
Only when Luo Zheng stepped into the Nirvana Realm, Evil Deities had the qualifications to reach the Perfected True God. This was the limitation of the cultivation method of the Great World. Even Luo Zheng could not violate it.
After all, if a Perfected True God appeared in Luo Zheng's Inner World, it could possibly threaten the stability of his Inner World. Therefore, the strongest living being in the Inner World was two levels lower than the person who created the Inner World.
As for the Sages' Inner Worlds, the Inner Worlds had become even larger after becoming Spiritual Lodging Grounds. Therefore, living beings in the Inner Worlds could only cultivate to the Heavenly Lord level at most. The strength of a Heavenly Lord was between a Sector Lord and a Lower True God.
After hearing what Evil Deities said, Luo Zheng had an idea. If Evil Deities were allowed to cultivate in the Mother World, what kind of existence would they become? Would they be able to integrate the three thousand Divine Daos?
"You cultivated the three thousand Divine Daos. Have you ever tried to integrate the Dao Connotation of these Divine Daos?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Evil Deities revealed a strange expression again and asked, "These Divine Daos were originally meant to be integrated, right? Creator, you have integrated the Dao Connotation several times. After several observations, I have integrated the three thousand Divine Daos into two thousand nine hundred and ninety-four … "
"…"

Chapter 2611
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Power
Before Luo Zheng used the Dao Fusion Sword in the Divine Domain, he had to merge the Dao Accumulations in his Inner World.
Every time he merged the Dao Accumulations, Evil Deities would peep at him from the side.
Evil Deities could naturally see how powerful the pure Dao Fusion energy was. Therefore, Evil Deities began to try to merge the Divine Daos themselves.
However, Evil Deities borrowed Luo Zheng's power.
Luo Zheng merged the Divine Daos in his Inner World, so he did not avoid anything. Evil Deities could clearly see the proportion of Dao Accumulations that Luo Zheng activated, the order in which he did so, etc.
Although Evil Deities took advantage of Luo Zheng to take a shortcut, Luo Zheng also knew that after merging 2,500 Divine Daos, the Dao Fusion energy had become very unstable. If one more Divine Dao was added, it would cause a terrible explosion.
Every step forward would be more and more difficult, but Evil Deities had merged 2,994 Divine Daos in one go.
Only six Divine Daos were left to merge completely. If these six Divine Daos were merged, wouldn't the Dao Fusion be unified?
Luo Zheng took a deep look at Evil Deities. He could not understand how such a strange genius could appear in his Inner World!
"Can you demonstrate the Dao Fusion Theurgy?" Luo Zheng stared and asked.
In fact, Luo Zheng could detect the process of Evil Deities merging the Divine Daos with just a thought, but he still wanted to see it with his own eyes.
"Yes," Evil Deities nodded.
Evil Deities was very smart. Although he also realized the value of the Dao Fusion Theurgy, he knew that nothing in this world could be hidden from Luo Zheng. He might as well show it openly.
Just as Evil Deities was about to merge the Dao Accumulations, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Wait."
"What's wrong?" Evil Deities was puzzled.
"There's another friend who wants to watch," Luo Zheng said. His thoughts turned slightly, and a Divine Sense came out of his Inner World. He was calling for 9527.
9527 had always vowed that it was impossible to merge 3,000 Divine Daos. Now, he could show him.
At Luo Zheng's Invitation, 9527 entered Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Evil Deities, Mu Ning and Han Liusu Translation Seeing the green Light Ball. Mu Ning and Han Liusu looked at it. the Soul Power in this ball was not strong, but there was a mysterious feeling that attracted their eyes. Mu Mu Ning and Mu..
"Can you change your form?" Luo Zheng asked, looking at the ball of light.
"Yes.
Is Is Translation? Translation? Is Is Translation Translation Translation? Translation Translation Nnen Translation Translation Translation Translation translation Translation translation Translation Translation Translation translation translation Translation n 'Translation translation Translation Translation Translation translation translation Translation Translation
Luo Zheng, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu frowned when they saw the eyeball.
Luo Zheng had no way to deal with 9527's aesthetics. He waved his hand in the air helplessly.
Countless rocks appeared out of thin air, and they quickly fused together to form a delicate-looking young man. However, this young man was not made of flesh and blood, but a puppet.
9527 once again turned into a green light and drilled into the puppet's body. Then, his face made all kinds of strange movements as he quickly adapted to the puppet's body.
After a while, 9527 returned to normal.
Luo Zheng said to Evil Deities, "You can start now."
Evil Deities nodded, then sat down cross-legged and closed their eyes.
Strands of Taoist Connotation were merging rapidly in his Inner World, which Luo Zheng was very familiar with.
As the number of Divine Daos fused increased, the energy contained within the Evil Deities grew more and more powerful, and the power of the fluctuations became more and more intense.
Under the pressure of this energy, Mu Ning and Han Liusu both revealed looks of fear and involuntarily took a step back.
If they didn't trust Luo Zheng, they would have run away in any other place!
At this time, Evil Deities still looked at ease, and even said to Luo Zheng, "I've already fused 2,600 Divine Daos. Do you want to continue?"
"I want to see your limit," Luo Zheng said.
9527's face also showed a serious look. Luo Zheng had just conveyed this news with his Divine Sense, and he was also shocked after hearing it.
He had ridiculed Luo Zheng several times for doing useless work. After all, in his eyes, it was impossible to fuse 3,000 Divine Daos. However, the person in Luo Zheng's Inner World had already fused 2,994 Divine Daos, which was indeed beyond 9527's imagination!
Evil Deities nodded and continued to focus on fusing Divine Daos …
2,700 Divine Daos …
2,800 Divine Daos …
2,900 Divine Daos …
Starting from the 2,900 Divine Daos, the difficulty of each Divine Dao increased by almost two times.
Even though Evil Deities had successfully fused them before, the speed was now slowed down.
The pressure from the fusion energy in his body was even more intense, and Mu Ning and Han Liusu's faces were not so good.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng reached out and gently waved his hand, and a layer of pale green light enveloped the two women, isolating them from the outside world.
Two thousand nine hundred and ninety-one...
Two thousand nine hundred ninety-two …
Evil Deities' body began to tremble, and the Divine Dao in his Inner World began to become unstable.
Once the fusion energy collapsed, the power of the energy collapse was enough to tear him to pieces!
Evil Deities was originally a fearless person who only pursued power and had long disregarded life and death. After all, he was a person who even dared to plot against Luo Zheng.
Two thousand nine hundred and ninety-three!
Two thousand nine hundred and ninety-four!
This was the limit of Evil Deities. If he added another Divine Dao, it would be the straw that broke the camel's back, and he would die without a doubt.
Evil Deities' face was flushed red, and his blood vessels were bulging. He raised his hands, and the fusion energy in his body was drawn out. At the same time, he burst out with a wild roar:
"Go!"
The fusion energy transformed into a streak of light that shot up into the sky.
After the terrifying energy swept past a star formed from the energy source, it abruptly exploded!
"Boom!"
A thunderous sound resounded through the sky.
Evil Deities, who was sweating profusely, saw the explosion of the fusion energy and revealed a faint smile.
Luo Zheng and 9527 looked up, and their eyes were full of shock.
Evil Deities was limited by the laws of this world, so he was unable to cultivate the Divine Dao to perfection. The power of his Divine Dao was definitely not as strong as Luo Zheng's, but even if his fusion energy lacked perfection, its power was almost the same as Luo Zheng's!
"Incredible, I didn't expect the creatures in your Inner World to be able to fuse the fusion energy to this extent …" 9527 said with a face full of surprise.
Luo Zheng asked, "You only need six Divine Daos to reach perfection. Are you still holding on to your beliefs?"

Chapter 2612
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Black Round Hole
Looking at 9527's expression, it seemed that he was still not optimistic about Dao Fusion.
Evil Deities did not know the origin of 9527, nor did he know what Dao Fusion's Grand Unification meant.
However, he was still happy to show off his skills in front of Luo Zheng!
"Creator, do you need me to demonstrate the fusion method again?" Evil Deities asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need. You can fuse these Divine Daos, and I will know."
Luo Zheng was an omniscient and omnipotent existence in this Inner World. If he really wanted to investigate, what could be hidden from him?
"Then I'll take my leave. I hope you can fulfill your promise as soon as possible!" Evil Deities cupped his hands at Luo Zheng and disappeared from the floating island in a flash.
After Evil Deities left, 9527 asked, "What did this person ask you to promise?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and said, "He wants to leave my Inner World."
9527 showed a strange expression and asked, "Are you going to let him go just like that?"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
9527 smiled faintly and said, "Although I'm not optimistic about Dao Fusion's Grand Unification, this person only used ten years to fuse 2,994 Divine Daos. His talent is very rare. Such a person's future achievements are immeasurable. It's a pity to let him go just like that."
"Do you want to plant a slave seal or something?" Luo Zheng disdained to use such a method.
Evil Deities was indeed born in his Inner World, but Luo Zheng did not give him any special support. Evil Deities's cultivation and achievements today were all due to his own ability. If he wanted to leave, Luo Zheng would not stop him.
"No matter how powerful a slave seal is, there is a way to break it." 9527 shook his head. "As far as I know, there are many powerful people in the Inner World who can give birth to such geniuses. In fact, it's very simple to keep these geniuses …"
No matter how large the Mother World was, there was a limit to the number of living beings in it.
However, inside the body of every Spirit Sea Realm warrior, there was a world. The number of living beings in these worlds was different, but the absolute number of living beings in these worlds was countless times more than that in the mother world.
In the end, one or two miraculous geniuses could be born from such a vast number of living beings.
In the eyes of 9527, Evil Deities were miraculous geniuses.
"What means?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Haven't you seen it before? Your father is one of them. "9527 laughed.
Luo Zheng paused for a moment, then immediately understood. "Sainthood? A place of spiritual sustenance? "
9527 nodded. "This is a very common method. Giving them a place to stay can increase their strength, but it also binds their fate to the inner world. As the saying goes, you win some, you lose some."
The advantage of a place of spiritual sustenance was that it could guarantee immortality, and at the same time, increase one's strength compared to others. However, the disadvantage was obvious. It was equivalent to placing one's time in another person's body.
Therefore, most people in the divine territory were not interested in a place of spiritual sustenance. For example, Nirvana Realm warriors like Ming Wei and Wei Xian, if they had a place of spiritual sustenance, even if they died outside, they could be reborn in the place of spiritual sustenance. However, they did not do so.
Another example was Gu Bei. There was no news of him until now, but Gu Bei was definitely living in some place in the chaos. Even if Gu Bei really died, he would return to his place of spiritual sustenance, which was also reborn in the universe.
"But how do we set up this place of spiritual sustenance …" Luo Zheng asked.
9527 shrugged. "This is not difficult for you. You can ask Ming Wei about it. She will definitely know."
If he really gave the Evil Deities a place of spiritual sustenance, it would be equivalent to Luo Zheng giving a part of the world in his body to the Evil Deities. This would allow the Evil Deities' cultivation to improve further, allowing him to become a Perfected True God.
After becoming a Perfected True God, the Evil Deities would also be able to cultivate the True Meaning of Dao. Luo Zheng was looking forward to the speed at which this guy could comprehend the True Meaning of Dao.
After 9527 left, Luo Zheng started to set up the time barrier again.
The time in his body was not synchronized with the time outside. The difference in the flow of time would make Ning Yudie and the others feel that time was extremely difficult to pass. For example, a year in the outside world was more than ten years in this world.
Luo Zheng could not change the flow of time in his entire body, but it was not difficult to synchronize the flow of time on this floating island with the outside world.
After doing all this, Luo Zheng accompanied the girls on the floating island for a few more days before dispersing the incarnation in his body.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, he realized that the flying ship had already left the space tunnel and escaped into the chaos again.
In the distance, the huge chaos clouds were baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, forming a huge and strange pattern. In the range of hundreds of billions of miles, there were no other living creatures, not even matter …
This Lingxiao Flying Ship seemed to be especially lonely.
"Why do we have to leave the space tunnel?" Luo Zheng asked.
Even though the Lingxiao Flying Ship's speed was amazing, if they did not rely on the space tunnel to move forward, it would take thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years to reach the Mother World.
"This Lingxiao Flying Ship cannot travel through the space tunnel for a long time. It has to leave after a period of time. It will be fine after the space tunnel is rebuilt," Chi Yi replied with a smile while holding the jade plate in his hand.
Luo Zheng nodded. He originally wanted to find Ming Wei to ask about the place of spiritual sustenance, but seeing that Ming Wei and the others were completely meditating, it was inconvenient for him to speak now.
Anyway, they would not be able to reach the Mother World for a while. There would be plenty of opportunities in the future.
After observing from the flying ship for a while, Luo Zheng returned to his position. This time, he intended to enter the Sea of True Intent.
Chi Yi gently lifted the astrolabe, and the surface of the Lingxiao Flying Ship once again spread out layers of the power of Space Law. It looked like it was about to travel through the space tunnel again.
The moment the Lingxiao Flying Ship entered the space tunnel, the entire flying ship shook violently!
"Rumble …"
Ming Wei and the others, who were originally meditating, were startled awake.
"What's wrong?" Ming Wei asked.
Chi Yi shook his head, and there was a trace of panic on his face. "I don't know. The Lingxiao Flying Ship is out of control!"
The Lingxiao Flying Ship, which was originally flying forward smoothly, was constantly shaking. Even though Chi Yi tried his best to activate the divine crystal in the astrolabe, he was still unable to maintain the stability of the Lingxiao Flying Ship.
Luo Zheng stood up and stared. He stretched out his hand and pointed in the distance. "Look! What is that! "
In this messy space tunnel, there were messy blue lines everywhere. These blue lines had no meaning in themselves. They were just traces left behind by the chaos of Space Law.
But as these blue lines were outlined everywhere, they all converged towards the depths of the space, and there was a dark round hole there.

Chapter 2613
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sky-splitting Hou
The Lingxiao Airship's design was exquisite. The space inside the airship didn't seem big, but it was a different space from the outside world.
Even though the airship was shaking violently, everyone was still able to stand firmly on the airship.
Ming Wei looked in the direction Luo Zheng pointed, and her pupils shrank. "It's a Void Hole …"
"This is a Void Hole?" Chi Yi's expression changed slightly. He had heard of Void Holes before, but this was his first time seeing one.
Luo Yan held Luo Zheng's shoulder and asked, "What's a Void Hole?"
Ming Wei blinked and said, "One of the Ten Great Ferocious Beasts of Chaos, the Sky-splitting Hou, will leave behind a Void Hole after traveling through space!"
"One of the Ten Great Ferocious Beasts of Chaos?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Ming Wei nodded and explained, "The Ten Great Ferocious Beasts of Chaos are Ferocious Beasts that wander outside of the Mother World. They hide in the depths of the Chaos and rarely come close to the Mother World. However, every time they appear, they will cause a huge disturbance. In the Mother World, only the top experts can contend with them …"
"Then what dangers are there in this Void Hole?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ming Wei shook her head and said, "The Void Hole itself isn't dangerous. The Sky-splitting Hou is a Ferocious Beast that is favored by the Law of Space. It doesn't rely on techniques like greater teleportation to travel through the Chaos."
"It doesn't rely on greater teleportation?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Generally speaking, greater teleportation was still entering a spatial tunnel. However, the deeper one's understanding of space, the more stable the spatial tunnel would be.
For example, Ming Wei could create a spatial tunnel that was tens of millions of miles long. She only needed to take one step to complete the tunnel. Saints could also create spatial tunnels that were tens of millions of miles long. However, they needed to travel through the spatial tunnel for a period of time before reaching the end of the tunnel.
"In essence, greater teleportation is an ability to fold space. A Ferocious Beast like the Sky-splitting Hou can directly open a door and connect to any place in the Chaos." Ming Wei stared at the black hole and said, "The spatial door opened by the Sky-splitting Hou is called the Void Hole."
"Then if we pass through this Void, we will go to another place in the Chaos?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yes, so the Void Hole itself is not dangerous. However, I don't know what we will encounter after we pass through the Void Hole …" Ming Wei said.
Hearing Ming Wei's explanation, Luo Zheng wasn't as nervous as before. He smiled and said, "Since the Void Cave is just a door to travel through the Chaos, there shouldn't be any danger. Maybe this door can help us enter the Mother World in advance?"
Although Luo Zheng said so, Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and the other Nuwa Clan people didn't look relaxed at all.
Chi Yi added, "Although the chaos is vast and empty, it is also filled with all sorts of unknowns and danger zones. If the other end of this void hole is connected to the Ultimate graveyard or the Land of Extinction … we will all die."
The chaos appeared to be empty because the chaos itself was too huge. Under the huge scale, it looked empty.
In fact, there were many unknown existences in the chaos, such as the Ultimate graveyard and the Land of Extinction that Chi Yi mentioned. These two danger zones were famous in the Mother World, but so far, no one knew what the inside of these two danger zones were like. This was because none of the creatures that were sucked into them had ever come out alive.
Seeing how serious Chi Yi was, Luo Yan couldn't help but grab Luo Zheng's arm. She looked a little nervous.
"Yan 'er, don't be afraid. We can't be so unlucky as to be brought to these damned places," Luo Zheng comforted her with a smile.
Seeing how nervous Luo Yan was, Ming Wei also comforted her, "Don't listen to Chi Yi's nonsense. Our luck isn't that bad …"
"Yes!" Luo Yan's eyes trembled slightly. She smiled and said, "With big brother beside me, Yan 'er naturally isn't afraid!"
Just as everyone was talking, the Lingxiao Airship trembled more and more violently.
Chi Yi simply stopped controlling the astrolabe and allowed the Lingxiao Airship to be pulled by the power of the "Void". Under the traction, the Lingxiao Airship flew along the messy blue lines, swaying, and then rushed into the dark void.
The moment the Lingxiao Airship entered the Void, everyone was immersed in darkness.
The sides of the Lingxiao Airship were originally inlaid with a circle of "Fiery Fluorite" used for illumination, but now the light of the Fiery Fluorite had strangely disappeared.
In the depths of this darkness, there was a whistling sound.
This whistling sound wasn't the sound of the wind, but more like the sound of some kind of behemoth passing through space.
"Hoo … Hoo … Hoo … Hoo!"
The sound sounded extremely far away, but from time to time, it suddenly rang in their ears.
Everyone held their breath and didn't dare to say a word.
Although Ming Wei explained the origin of the Void, she only understood the knowledge from ancient books. She hadn't personally entered the Void. Who knew if these records were true?
That strange sound always made people think of some bad things.
On the surface, Luo Yan said she wasn't afraid, but her hands still tightly clutched Luo Zheng. She curled up at Luo Zheng's side, her body slightly trembling.
In the past, when she was in Buzhou Spirit Mountain, she had always been under Yu Taibai's protection to gain experience. The only time she took a risk was when she went to the bottom of Ruo Mudi. However, at that time, Luo Yan's strength held an enormous advantage. Coupled with Luo Zheng's protection, she was fearless.
After reuniting with her parents and brother, Luo Yan had always been immersed in joy. She hoped that this kind of life could continue.
But the heavens didn't fulfill her wishes. Now that she was forced to embark on this journey, an unknown fear pressed down on her heart.
Sensing Luo Yan's emotions, Luo Zheng felt a trace of apology.
Although Mother gave Luo Yan the right to choose, Luo Yan was so sensible. How could she refuse her parents?
Perhaps it was a mistake to send her to Mount Li …
"Don't be afraid. We should be able to pass through in a while," Luo Zheng whispered.
Luo Zheng felt pity for her and could only gently stroke her silky hair. He thought of placing Luo Yan in Ming Wei's inner world after leaving the Void Cave. If she was in Ming Wei's inner world, she wouldn't have to be so frightened.
After traversing through the darkness for half an incense's time, Luo Zheng became more and more confused.
This Void Cave could fold the space on both sides. In essence, it should be a method of using the Law of Space. However, in this dark space, he couldn't even sense a trace of the Power of Space. How did the Sky-Splitting Roar do it?
While he was thinking, Luo Zheng felt a trace of light at the corner of his eyes. He focused his gaze towards the source of the light. His pupils suddenly shrank, and he reached out to cover Luo Yan's eyes.
Chi Yi, Ming Wei, and the Nirvana Realm experts of the Nuwa Clan all sucked in a breath of cold air. They were all dumbstruck.
An incomparably huge head of a ferocious beast was facing the Lingxiao Flying Ship, and the light source was the eyes of this ferocious beast!

Chapter 2614
Objective
Due to the vastness of the chaos, there were many types of unknown beasts hidden within.
Some even asserted that there were large groups of races in the chaos that had yet to be discovered.
The ten great beasts of the chaos were the most famous in the motherworld. Not only did they possess absolute strength, but they had also descended upon the motherworld several times and caused tremendous destruction.
The Skysplitter Hou was tens of millions of kilometers long. It had no scales or claws and was shaped like a snake. It had a pair of thin wings on both sides of its head, allowing it to travel through space without a trace.
Several years ago, the Skysplitter Hou had descended upon the motherworld and wreaked havoc in Coldlight Province, almost razing the entire province to the ground. Later on, it fought with Zhurong. It was said that although Zhurong had the absolute upper hand, he was still helpless against the Skysplitter Hou. In the end, the Skysplitter Hou easily passed through space and hid in the chaos.
When Ming Wei was still a child, she had seen this record in an ancient text.
When she was young, she had read all sorts of descriptions of the Skysplitter Hou, and her heart had been filled with fear.
Back then, Ming Wei had never imagined that she would directly face the Skysplitter Hou several years later!
Chi Yi had previously joked that he was afraid of entering the Void Hole and falling into the Sinkhole graveyard. At that time, Ming Wei had had an ominous premonition.
The Sinkhole left behind by the Skysplitter Hou hadn't existed for long. If they saw the Sinkhole, it meant that the Skysplitter Hou had just left. If they encountered the Skysplitter Hou in the Sinkhole, that would be the worst case scenario. It would be even worse than falling into one of those danger zones!
However, Ming Wei didn't speak of her worries. Speaking of them would only increase her worries and wouldn't solve the problem. She could only pray that such a thing wouldn't happen.
But sometimes, the more you worried about something, the more it would happen. The moment she saw the Skysplitter Hou, her heart stopped beating.
"Huu … Wuu …"
When the Skysplitter Hou's tens of millions of kilometers long body gently twisted, it emitted a whistling sound.
That pair of eyes were like two huge stars. Under its gaze, the space suddenly seemed to have completely stopped. The aura contained within it was extremely terrifying.
In its eyes, the Cloudsoar Airship was as insignificant as a speck of dust.
Luo Zheng's body stiffened, and her throat went dry.
Such a colossus could even swallow the motherworld in one gulp, let alone a tiny Cloudsoar Airship.
Even though Luo Yan's eyes were closed, she could still feel the aura of the Sky-Ripping Roar.
An existence like the Sky-Rending Hou could destroy a True God's soul just by relying on its aura.
Luo Zheng's Sun Soul had experienced the baptism of the Sea of True Intent and was still able to withstand it. Although Luo Yan also possessed a Sun Soul, she ultimately had yet to step into the Sea of True Intent. The pressure that her Sun Soul bore was naturally much greater than Luo Zheng's!
After sensing Luo Yan's pain, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and flipped it over, taking out a pitch-black pill.
For this trip to the mother world, Luo Zheng had made ample preparations. This pill was given to him by Elder Jin and could replenish his soul power.
Actually, Luo Zheng had an even better elixir on him, which was the Soul Elixir obtained from the Sea of True Intent. However, according to the rules, once the Soul Elixir was brought into the Sea of True Intent, it could not be taken out.
He opened Luo Yan's lips and stuffed this elixir into Luo Yan's mouth.
Luo Yan's soul power was quickly replenished, and her Sun Soul, which was originally trembling, finally calmed down. However, she still bit her lips as if she was maintaining her strength in front of her brother.
Fortunately, the Sky-Ripping Roar only stared at the High Firmament Flying Ship with its star-sized eyes and had no intention of pouncing over.
As for Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and the other Nirvana Realm experts, they did not dare to act rashly and confronted the Sky-Ripping Roar.
After a while, Chi Yi finally could not hold it in any longer. He lowered his voice and said, "Ming Wei, what should we do?"
Ming Wei shook her head lightly. "Such a ferocious beast is definitely not something that we can fight against …"
"But it keeps staring at us like this. Could it be that it intends to kill us with its gaze?" Chi Yi said with a bitter expression.
This experience was not easy to endure, just like the moment before a criminal's execution was the most torturous. Chi Yi wished that the Sky-Ripping Roar could quickly swallow them in one gulp!
After a stalemate of about 30 minutes, the Sky-Ripping Roar finally began to move.
That huge "snake head" slowly moved towards the High Firmament Flying Ship. As the distance continued to shrink, everyone could clearly see the wrinkles on the Sky-Ripping Roar's skin. Just one wrinkle was like a bottomless canyon, which showed how huge its body was.
Even if Ming Wei, Luo Zheng, and the others transformed into huge Rage Gods, they were still insignificant existences in front of it.
As the Sky-Ripping Roar continued to move closer, everyone's hearts became more and more anxious.
When the Sky-Ripping Roar and the High Firmament Flying Ship were still a few hundred miles away, they heard a whistling wind.
"Huff … Huff …"
The Sky-Ripping Roar actually began to inhale. It seemed like it was sniffing for something?
Under the strong wind, the High Firmament Flying Ship began to shake again. Seeing this, Chi Yi quickly controlled the jade plate to stabilize the High Firmament Flying Ship.
From the looks of it, the Sky-Ripping Roar did not intend to swallow the High Firmament Flying Ship. It would be a waste if they were sucked in by it.
"Huff …"
After the Sky-Ripping Roar sniffed back and forth a few times, the membrane on both sides of its head suddenly spread out. At the same time, it let out a shrill cry.
"Shhh —"
When the long cry was heard, Luo Zheng and the others could not help but cover their ears.
Under the baptism of its cry, although it was painful, everyone was even more confused.
"What does the Sky-Ripping Roar mean?" Chi Yi said helplessly.
"Ferocious beasts like the Sky-Ripping Roar have extraordinary spiritual intelligence. If it wants to know something, it should be able to communicate with us directly!" A woman from the Nuwa Clan said with a frown.
Ming Wei looked helpless. "Maybe it disdains to communicate with us …"
Feeling helpless, Ming Wei was also quite confused.
Looking at the situation, the Sky-Ripping Roar did not intend to swallow the High Firmament Flying Ship. It seemed to have sensed something on the flying ship.
But what was on the High Firmament Flying Ship?
It was nothing but Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, and them, who were in the Nirvana Realm.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a slight warmth in his chest. 9527's sigh sounded in his mind. "Sigh … Luo Zheng, leave the High Firmament Flying Ship. Let me talk to this guy."
The Sky-Ripping Roar's senses were extremely sharp. Even if 9527's soul power was so weak, it was still detected by it.
9527 did not want to reveal its true God in front of Ming Wei and the others. It could only let Luo Zheng leave the flying ship and meet the Sky-Ripping Roar.
"This guy is coming for you?" Luo Zheng's expression turned serious as he asked 9527.
"Yes. When you entered the Void Hole, I expected this situation. However, the High Firmament Flying Ship could not escape the Void Hole's gravitational force. I could only let it be." 9527's tone was somewhat helpless.

Chapter 2615
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Shortcut
Ming Wei and the others were still trembling with fear.
Who knew what the Sky-Rending Centipede was planning? It was possible for such an existence to swallow the flying ship in one gulp.
Just when everyone was at a loss, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "I'll go talk to it."
When these Nirvana Realm experts heard Luo Zheng's words, they were all shocked.
"Luo Zheng, are you crazy?" Ming Wei suppressed the fear in her heart and said softly.
"Brother …" Luo Yan also called out worriedly.
Luo Zheng said calmly, "It's coming for me."
"Coming for you? How is that possible? "Chi Yi didn't believe Luo Zheng at all.
The Sky-Rending Centipede came and went without a trace. How could it have any interaction with Luo Zheng in the God Domain?
Luo Zheng couldn't explain anything to Chi Yi. He patted Luo Yan's head lightly and said, "Stay here. Trust me, it'll be fine."
After saying that, Luo Zheng jumped lightly. The tip of his foot tapped on the side of the Lingxiao Flying Ship, and his whole body leaped up in this pitch-black space.
Ming Wei and the others didn't stop him because it was meaningless. Maybe what Luo Zheng said was true?
Visually, the Sky-Rending Centipede and the Lingxiao Flying Ship were very close. That was because the Sky-Rending Centipede was too big, giving people the feeling that it was right in front of them. In fact, the Sky-Rending Centipede and the Lingxiao Flying Ship were three to four hundred miles apart.
However, this distance was only a few breaths' time for Luo Zheng. Soon, he closed the distance between him and the Sky-Rending Centipede to a few hundred feet.
At such a close distance, the pressure that the Sky-Rending Centipede gave Luo Zheng disappeared.
Luo Zheng stood at the top of the God Domain and couldn't see the entire God Domain. The current situation was the same. He could only see the two eyes of the Sky-Rending Centipede hanging above his head like the sun. The wrinkles on the surface of the Sky-Rending Centipede's skin were like mountains. He couldn't see the Sky-Rending Centipede's full appearance at all.
Just as Luo Zheng stood still, the Sky-Rending Centipede opened its big mouth.
No one knew how wide this mouth was, and even with Luo Zheng's great eyesight, he could barely see the edge of this mouth. On both sides of this mouth were rows of fine barbs, each of which was fifty to sixty thousand miles long.
"Shh — shh —"
The Sky-Rending Crocodile let out that strange sound again. The syllables of the sound changed and were filled with rhythm. This should be the unique language of the Sky-Rending Crocodile.
This was because Luo Zheng was right next to the Sky-Rending Centipede's mouth. When it spoke, Luo Zheng smelled a unique fragrance.
Generally speaking, this kind of ferocious beast was highly poisonous. When it opened its mouth, it would definitely emit a foul stench. This smell made Luo Zheng very surprised.
In the distance, Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and Luo Yan on the Soaring Firmament Airship also had nervous expressions.
As long as the Sky-Rending Hou opened its mouth, no one would be able to save Luo Zheng!
"Is it talking to you? How do you communicate? "Luo Zheng asked.
9527 thought for a moment before saying, "It seems that I need to borrow your body. I'm too small right now."
Strictly speaking, 9527 was not a sub-soul of "Ji". Although its soul power came from "Ji", it was incomparably weak. It was indeed difficult to use its consciousness to communicate with such a colossus.
After Luo Zheng agreed, 9527 escaped into Luo Zheng's mind.
As Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly, when he opened them again, a green light flashed between his eyes. Luo Zheng also opened his mouth. At the same time, his inner world began to brew the Spiritual Wind Divine Dao.
"Shh —"
Luo Zheng opened his mouth and let out the same sound as the Sky-Rending Hou.
With the help of the Spiritual Wind Divine Dao, Luo Zheng's voice was more than a hundred times louder.
Although it couldn't be compared to the Sky-Rending Hou's voice, it could still travel extremely far in this silent darkness.
Chi Yi's eyes widened and his mouth opened wide. "This guy can really communicate with the Sky-Rending Hou? He's not talking nonsense, is he? "
Ming Wei was also surprised as she stared at Luo Zheng's back hundreds of miles away. "That shouldn't be the case. Luo Zheng wouldn't joke around with his life. If his nonsense angered the Sky-Rending Centipede, he knows the consequences."
"But how can he master the language of the ferocious beasts?" Chi Yi curled his lips.
Every race in the chaos had their own language. The most similar language was the human race's language. Those intelligent ferocious beasts had basically mastered it. However, it was very difficult for humans to master the languages of other races. They could only do so after special training.
Luo Zheng could speak now, so Chi Yi and Ming Wei naturally couldn't understand.
"Shh —" The Sky-Rending Hou responded again.
Luo Zheng also made a "shh" sound. The two's sounds almost overlapped, but it didn't seem to affect their communication.
Luo Zheng quietly listened to the communication between 9527 and the Sky-Rending Hou. Naturally, he couldn't understand what they were talking about. However, this language was very special. There was a strong emotion attached to the hissing sounds. Luo Zheng could clearly feel this emotion.
9527's hissing sounds were very calm. It seemed to be explaining something to the Sky-Rending Hou. However, the Sky-Rending Hou's hissing sounds were more and more anxious. The rhythm of the hissing sounds was full of confusion and grievance.
The whole process lasted for an hour.
Luo Zheng only felt that his ears were numb. The Sky-Rending Hou suddenly let out a sharp cry. Its huge body gently twisted and finally turned its huge head around.
In this dark space, this huge creature twisted a few times. Finally, it turned its head back and looked deeply at Luo Zheng. Then, it disappeared into the distance.
Seeing the Sky-Rending Hou leave, Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and the others finally breathed a sigh of relief. However, they were also immersed in confusion and shock.
"Luo Zheng actually convinced the Sky-Rending Hou to leave!" Chi Yi said with a grimace.
Ming Wei pursed her lips. Although from the first time she saw this little guy, she felt that Luo Zheng was an extraordinary person. However, to be able to "convince" the Sky-Rending Hou to leave after seeing it for the first time was still beyond Ming Wei's imagination.
After all, in Ming Wei's eyes, encountering a ferocious beast like the Sky-Rending Hou was simply an unexpected disaster. If it were any other ferocious beast, Ming Wei might have fought back. However, against an existence like the Sky-Rending Hou, she didn't even have the courage to fight back.
After 9527 returned to the bone piece in Luo Zheng's chest, Luo Zheng asked, "What did you say to it?"
"Tell it to go away and open a Void Hole to the Mother World," 9527 said lightly.
"…"
Ming Wei had said that the Sky-Rending Hou's ability could connect any space in the chaos. This ability was unique and was the Sky-Rending Hou's most powerful talent.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect 9527 to be able to command the Sky-Rending Hou at will.
Originally, it would take several years to reach the Mother World by relying on the Lingxiao Flying Boat. If they passed through this Void Hole, wouldn't they be able to reach the Mother World very quickly?
"After talking for so long, it can't have only communicated with one sentence, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.

Chapter 2616
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Chaotic Ring
Luo Zheng was curious about the relationship between "Ji" and the Sky-Splitting Roar, but he couldn't do anything if 9527 didn't want to talk about it.
He returned to the Lingxiao Airship. Chi Yi, Ming Wei, and the ladies of the Nuwa Clan all "stared" at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster.
After the Sky-Splitting Roar left, this space was in absolute darkness. Everyone used their divine sense to scan their surroundings.
Luo Yan was smiling as if it was natural for her brother to do all this …
"Let's go. The Sky-Splitting Centipede promised to open a Void Hole to the Mother World. After passing through the Void Hole, we should be very close to the Mother World." Luo Zheng had just finished speaking when he added, "Don't ask me. I don't understand what the Sky-Splitting Centipede said."
He had communicated with the Sky-Splitting Roar for a long time, but now he said he didn't understand what the Sky-Splitting Roar said. Even a child wouldn't be fooled.
But seeing that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be lying, no one questioned Luo Zheng.
Ming Wei just smiled and said, "I didn't expect to take such a shortcut this time. With the help of the Sky-Splitting Roar, we can pass through the chaos …"
Now, not only did they turn the misfortune into a blessing, but they also saved a lot of time. Everyone could only sigh at the heaven-defying luck that Luo Zheng brought them.
Chi Yi started the Lingxiao Airship again and moved forward silently in this darkness.
Not long after, everyone saw a small white dot.
That white dot was like a hole in the black curtain. Although it was small, it was very eye-catching in this darkness. Chi Yi noticed it the moment it appeared.
"It's the other side of the void hole. The two void holes correspond to each other. The entrance is pure black, and the exit is pure white. Let's go!" Ming Wei also became excited after seeing the white dot.
Chi Yi nodded and controlled the Lingxiao Airship to go straight to the white dot.
As the Lingxiao Airship kept moving forward, the area of the white dot became bigger and bigger. When they were tens of thousands of miles away, the white dot had become a huge white hole.
"Rumble …"
The Soaring Firmament Airship trembled again. The white hole also emitted an irresistible gravitational force, dragging the Soaring Firmament Airship over.
The moment the Lingxiao Airship entered the huge white hole, everyone was immersed in an extremely strong white light. This white light was so dazzling that everyone closed their eyes to avoid hurting their pupils.
In the white light, everyone could clearly feel that the Ling Xiao Airship was accelerating. Under the violent vibration, the entire Ling Xiao Airship was directly ejected by the white hole.
After dozens of breaths, Luo Zheng finally opened his eyes...
The giant white hole had already disappeared, and the grayish-brown chaotic cloud appeared in front of him once again.
"This is not the Mother World, right?" Luo Zheng stood at the front of the boat and looked around. He only saw tens of huge Chaos clouds stacked into a ring, but outside the clouds, there was still nothing.
Ming Wei stared at the huge chaotic cloud and smiled. "No, this is the Mother World!"
Chi Yi also nodded. "If a Vicious Beast like the Sky-Rending Hou casually approached the Mother World, it would definitely cause a disaster. It did send us to our destination, but there is still some distance from here."
Seeing that Luo Zheng and Luo Yan were still puzzled, Ming Wei pointed at the chaotic cloud and said at the same time, "The Mother World is above those chaotic clouds! It's just that the chaotic clouds are covering the Mother World. You can see it if you go through. "
"I'm afraid it's still not close, right?" Luo Zheng stared at the huge cloud and said.
How big were the chaotic clouds? Luo Zheng had seen it when he read Gu Bei's travel notes in the Huan Yu Immortal Mansion. Even a colossus like the Divine Realm was just a drop in the ocean compared to the chaotic clouds.
A Mother World actually needed tens of chaotic clouds to cover it. This Mother World's body was even bigger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
"It should take another three to four months to get close," Chi Yi estimated.
"We're already moving at an extremely fast speed. We only need less than half a year to go from the edge of the chaos to the Mother World … Those guys, I'm afraid they've only just started. They'll need at least twenty to thirty thousand years to get here." Ming Wei pursed her lips and smiled. She was indeed very happy to be able to take this shortcut to return to the Mother World.
The "them" she was talking about naturally referred to the Nirvana Realm experts in the bone pagoda at the bottom of the chaos. Without the help of Divine Crystals or the Lingxiao Flying Ship, they could only rely on their physical bodies to fly through the chaos. Not only would it consume a lot of time, but they might also encounter all kinds of accidents along the way.
"Three to four months." Luo Zheng nodded. After thinking for a while, he suddenly asked Ming Wei, "I want to seal a Soul Lodging Land in my Inner World. I wonder if Ming Wei has a method to seal it?"
"Soul Lodging Land?" Ming Wei was stunned. "Why do you want to seal this?"
In Ming Wei's eyes, sealing a Soul Lodging Land was an arduous and unrewarding task.
This was because after the Soul Lodging Land was given out, it was equivalent to giving the control of a part of the world to someone else.
"There is an extremely powerful genius in my Inner World. I want to seal a Soul Lodging Land for him." After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng decided to tell the truth.
Other than the matter of 9527 that he could not reveal, Luo Zheng did not need to hide anything else.
"Genius? How much of a genius is he? Could he be more outstanding than you, Luo Zheng? "Chi Yi asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, and a bitter smile appeared on his face. "Perhaps in some aspects, this person is really more outstanding than me. If I release him, I'm afraid that it will be difficult to control him in the future. This Soul Lodging Land can be considered as a preparation for a rainy day."
As soon as he said this, Ming Wei and Chi Yi's faces immediately showed great interest.
A person like Luo Zheng had an extremely close bloodline relationship with Chi You. After all, he was a genius born from the six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Species. Now that Luo Zheng said that there was someone more outstanding than him in his Inner World, it sounded somewhat unbelievable.
"Comprehending 3,000 Divine Daos in ten years is not outstanding?" Luo Zheng said lightly.
Chi Yi blinked his eyes, and Ming Wei's eyebrows also raised high.
3,000 Divine Daos was the definition of the various energy existences in the Chaos by the masters in the Mother World. According to the specific division, the number of Divine Daos was actually different. Even the vast majority of the True Gods in the Mother World only needed to master one or two Divine Daos to be able to attack the Sea of Truth.
Only a few abnormal geniuses were qualified to study multiple Divine Daos.
Of course, some top masters in the Mother World also tried to master 3,000 Divine Daos, and Chi You was one of them.
"Ten years, Luo Zheng, are you joking?" Ming Wei asked.
Existences like 9527 were indifferent to studying Divine Daos. Even if the Evil Deities were extremely terrifying, it could still calmly wait. The only thing that moved 9527 was that the Evil Deities had integrated 2,994 Divine Daos.

Chapter 2617
Conferring Saints
Luo Zheng shook his head and replied, "When I first discovered it, I also found it hard to believe, but it is indeed the truth …"
Ming Wei also felt that Luo Zheng could not be talking nonsense, but this kind of thing was indeed hard to believe at once.
"The method of conferring Spiritual Lands is not difficult." She turned to look at the other Nuwa woman on the Ling Xiao Flying Ship and said, "Ge Ling, copy the method of conferring Spiritual Lands to Luo Zheng in a jade slip."
The woman called Ge Ling nodded, and with a light flip of her lily-white hand, a long and narrow jade slip appeared in her hand.
She constantly poured her divine sense into the jade slip, and after about two incense sticks' worth of time, Ge Ling finished copying. She smiled at Luo Zheng and pushed the jade slip over.
After Luo Zheng opened the jade slip, he browsed through the method of conferring Spiritual Lands.
There was a limit to the number of Spiritual Lands that could be conferred out from the Inner World, and generally there would not be more than three.
The Divine Realm was an exception. Now there were about fifty Saints in the Divine Realm, but although there were many Spiritual Lands in the Divine Realm, the cultivation of the Saints was much lower than Chi You's.
After Luo Zheng memorized some of the key points in the jade slip, he once again condensed an Inner Avatar.
To the north of the Inner World was a barren land, and few creatures set foot on this land.
In this world, legend said that the Barren Land was inhabited by the God of Thunder and the Goddess of Lightning. Whenever they were angry, thunder would descend, making earth-shaking noises.
Evil Deities was located in the center of this barren land, sitting on a bare rock.
In Evil Deities' life, he had never encountered a bottleneck in any of his cultivation. Any cultivation method, any method, he could succeed in one go. This was the case when he cultivated martial arts, and it was the same when he cultivated the Divine Dao.
But now Evil Deities had encountered a huge bottleneck, and that was fusing the Divine Dao.
From Luo Zheng's eyes, Evil Deities understood that he had taken the lead, but the puppet beside Luo Zheng did not seem to think so.
Evil Deities was good at accepting challenges. Since he had decided to fuse the 3,000 Divine Daos, he had to succeed …
Because fusing the 3,000 Divine Daos was a huge challenge, he was obsessed with it, and even the idea of leaving this world had been diluted.
"Crack!"
As the sound of an explosion came from the Evil God's Inner World, his face sank slightly.
"Failed again. After fusing the 2,994 Divine Daos, I found it difficult to advance another step. What should I do?"
The extremely unstable Dao Fusion energy was drawn out of his body. Then, he threw it high into the air. It flew out for hundreds of miles and instantly exploded.
Boom! "
Even if it was evil Deities Was evil Deities to Die's Ten Six Divine Daos Ten Daos to Die
The explosion to to to the Barren Land …
Deities Deities Divine Dao to to Deities to to the Deities Deities to Divine Of Daos Deities Divine Divine Divine Was to fuse the Daos to believe..
.........
. be. it was to fuse to fuse to fuse. it........... it that fusing..................
"Whoosh!"
He teleported back to a corner of the Barren Land, where there was a simple straw hut.
"Yuzhu, I'm back!"
Yuzhu was the princess of the Imperial Dynasty and his first wife.
Although Yuzhu's talent was not as insane as Evil Deities', she was still able to become a Lower True God under the guidance of Evil Deities.
She had an endless lifespan, so she could accompany Evil Deities for life.
Both the Imperial Dynasty and the Evil Cloud Sacred Ground created by Evil Deities disappeared with the passage of time.
Dynasties changed, forces disintegrated …
Even the Evil God's children had died of old age and passed away.
If Evil Deities wanted to protect them, both the Evil Cloud Sacred Ground and the Imperial Dynasty would be able to remain at the top of this world.
However, he had already become indifferent to everything in this world. After seeing all the people in this world, he only wanted to ascend one day. Worldly power and benefits were just fleeting clouds to him.
All these years, he and Yuzhu had been living in seclusion here.
As Evil Deities pushed open the door, Yuzhu smiled at Evil Deities. "We have a guest."
Evil Deities saw Luo Zheng sitting in the corner of the room. His eyes flashed slightly, and he was very surprised.
After interacting with Luo Zheng for so long, he was not unfamiliar with him. He asked, "Does the Creator plan to release me from this world?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"But didn't the Creator say that it would take a few more decades?" Evil Deities asked.
Evil Deities had endured for so many years. A few more decades was not a problem for them.
"It's been brought forward. According to the current time, you should be released in two or three years at most," Luo Zheng replied.
The flow of time in Luo Zheng's Inner World was gradually synchronizing with the outside world. As his cultivation level increased, his Inner World became more complete, and the flow of time became slower.
At first, one year in the outside world was equivalent to tens of thousands of years in his Inner World. Now, one year in the outside world was equivalent to ten years in his Inner World.
Ming Wei said that they would arrive at the Mother World in about three months, which was about three years.
Evil Deities' eyes flashed with excitement, but Luo Zheng immediately said, "But before that, I want to confer you the title of Sage."
"Sage? What do you mean? "Evil Deities was confused.
"Fuse your Inner World with a part of this world. This way, even if you leave this world, you will be immortal and can be reborn in this world. Moreover, the restrictions on your cultivation level will be reduced by one level. You will be able to cultivate to the Great Circle of Perfection," Luo Zheng replied seriously.
Hearing this, Yuzhu's eyes flashed with joy.
She and Evil Deities had been inseparable for so many years. If Evil Deities left, she would naturally be worried about his safety.
If Luo Zheng could help her to this extent, it would naturally be a great thing.
Who knew that when the Evil God heard this, he frowned and his face darkened. Then, he looked at Luo Zheng and asked, "Do I have a choice?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "You don't have a choice. If you are willing, come find me on the floating island tomorrow."
After saying this, Luo Zheng left the simple thatched hut.
Yuzhu looked at Evil Deities in confusion. "Husband, it shouldn't be a bad thing for the Creator to confer you the title of Sage, but you seem to …"
Halfway through her sentence, Evil Deities slammed his fist on the blue stone table in the thatched hut.
This stone table looked simple and crude, but it was made of the most expensive Ice Luster Stone in this world. This large piece of Ice Luster Stone could practically buy a small country.
With a single punch, the entire stone table turned to dust.
"Although I don't know what Sage means, I have fused my Inner World with this place. In the future … I will definitely be under his control!"
Although Evil Deities didn't know the meaning of "Soul Lodging Grounds," with his talent, he could almost instantly determine the benefits and costs of becoming a Sage.

Chapter 2618
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Exposed
Even though Luo Zheng had left the straw hut, he still knew what Evil Deities were thinking.
Evil Deities would definitely be unwilling, but Luo Zheng would not back down on this matter.
Luo Zheng had no intention of influencing the fate of Evil Deities, but the place of soul lodging would not affect the cultivation of Evil Deities. He could still step into the Sea of Truth and achieve the Nirvana Realm.
Keeping Evil Deities' Inner World here could at least ensure that Evil Deities would not become his enemy.
As for whether Evil Deities was willing to accept this condition, it was up to him to decide.
On the second day, Evil Deities finally appeared on the floating island.
He pondered for a long time and finally realized that he was not qualified to negotiate with Luo Zheng.
He agreed to be conferred as a Saint by Luo Zheng, but it did not mean that he agreed with this method. Evil Deities naturally had other plans. After leaving this world, he would definitely find a way to separate his Inner World from here …
Although this was the first time Luo Zheng had conferred a place of soul lodging, as Ming Wei said, it was not too difficult. He just had to divide a part of his Inner World to Evil Deities and let Evil Deities merge with it.
The whole process was similar to bathing in the Holy Spring in the Saint Mountain.
Not long after, a "universe" finally appeared in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Luo Zheng's Inner World could not be compared to the Divine Territory, and this universe could not be compared to the Divine Territory's Saint. However, because of the universe's appearance, some restrictions were removed, and Evil Deities could finally break through to the Perfect True God.
After mastering three thousand Divine Paths, Evil Deities' understanding of Divine Paths was very mature.
Almost three days after he was made a Saint, he had comprehended the Profound Thunder Divine Dao, the Thick Earth Divine Dao, and the Five Elements Divine Dao to perfection. He had even created some rare and strange Extra-Dao Divine Abilities.
Luo Zheng observed silently and could not help but click his tongue.
God knows if it was a mistake to put this guy in the mother world …
However, the Mother World was not Luo Zheng's Mother World after all, and the Jiuli Kingdom had been completely destroyed. Even if Evil Deities were to rise up in the Mother World in the future and turn the world upside down, so what?
Three months passed in the blink of an eye.
The Lingxiao Airship was already very close to the ring-shaped cloud. The grayish-brown Chaos Qi was floating very slowly above their heads, like a dark cloud pressing down on them, giving them an oppressive feeling.
Ming Wei observed for a moment and then said to Chi Yi, "Hide the Soaring Firmament Airship."
Chi Yi nodded in understanding.
After all, this Soaring Firmament Airship was snatched from the hands of the Xuan Yuan Guards. Now that they were so close to the Origin World, if they encountered the Xuan Yuan Guards patrolling outside the Origin World, it was very likely that they would be exposed.
Right now, it was best to be careful.
Then, Chi Yi controlled the jade plate, and strands of Space Law enveloped the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship's surface.
The Lingxiao Airship seemed to have evaporated in the air. It was difficult to see it from the outside. The space at the bottom of the mother world was huge. Even if it met other people, the absolute distance between them was still far away. It was difficult to see it with the naked eye.
"Hu …"
After the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship quietly moved forward for several hours, it finally drilled into the Chaos Cloud.
After shuttling back and forth in the thick cloud for half a day, Luo Zheng saw that the sky had turned pale yellow, as if the entire sky was paved with loess. It looked very shocking.
"Is this the Mother World?" Luo Zheng asked with a face full of surprise.
Luo Yan also looked at the yellow haze in the sky, his mouth slightly open.
From this position, they could not see the full picture of the Mother World. The Divine Domain was already extremely huge, but compared to the Mother World, it was as small as a grain of sand. They could not imagine how big the so-called "Mother World" was.
"Yes, this is the bottom of the Divine Domain. In fact, the Mother World is not flat. You can imagine the Mother World as a ball," Ming Wei gestured.
"You mean a star?" Luo Zheng asked back.
Ming Wei smiled and said, "You can imagine it that way, but the people in the mother world don't live on the outside of the sphere. They live on the inside, and the mother world isn't exactly circular. It's oval …" Ming Wei shrugged. "Even so, I haven't been able to observe the entire mother world."
The Soaring Firmament Flying Ship continued to approach the Mother World. Luo Yan leaned on the ship's railing and looked around with a pair of big eyes. Although she was full of fear for her future, she was also full of curiosity.
"Brother, look, what is that?" Luo Yan pointed at a black shadow in the distance and said.
After Luo Zheng went over, his eyes narrowed slightly and his eyebrows raised. "It looks like a huge insect?"
"Hehe, that is a Bug Boat," Chi Yi explained.
Ming Wei nodded and said, "It is the flying ship of the Fei Leech Race. The Fei Leech Race is good at controlling all kinds of strange insects. Their flying ships are often made of the shells of huge insects, so they are called Bug Boats."
Luo Yan thought of all kinds of ugly huge insects and could not help but frown. She then looked away.
At this moment, several hundred li away from the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, a series of seven-colored lights flashed past. There seemed to be a small boat in each of those seven-colored lights, and a vague figure was gently rowing on the boat. The speed of these small boats was actually faster than the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship!
After these small boats passed by, flying square boxes appeared in the distance. These square boxes were like pitch-black coffins, revealing a trace of gloomy aura …
The closer they got to the Mother World, the more lively the surrounding space became. All kinds of strange things appeared.
Fortunately, these passersby did not discover the existence of the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. Even if they did, they would not pay much attention to the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. After all, outsiders did not know that there was something wrong with their Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. Ming Wei hid the flying ship because she was afraid of encountering other Xuan Yuan Guards.
"Let's continue west. As long as we find the entrance to the Mother World, we will enter. Once we reach Li Mountain, we will be safe." Ming Wei's expression became more and more relaxed.
Chi Yi also focused on controlling the jade disk in his hand. He slightly adjusted the direction and placed a divine crystal in, preparing to accelerate the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship.
But just as Chi Yi was controlling the jade disk, he suddenly sensed something through the jade disk and looked towards the southeast.
A flying ship suddenly appeared thousands of li above them. This flying ship was actually charging towards them at an extremely fast speed!
"It's the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship!" Ming Wei's expression changed slightly.
Chi Yi's expression also darkened. "How did they find us?"
Logically speaking, Fu Er had already destroyed the tracking glyph formation on the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. The Xuan Yuan Guards should not have found this flying ship so easily.
Now that the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship was charging towards them with such ferocity, it meant that they had definitely discovered them. Without Xuanyuan Gouyu to communicate with, they would definitely arouse the other party's suspicions!
Ming Wei did not hesitate in the slightest as she ordered, "Ignore them! Let's leave quickly! "

Chapter 2619
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
A Counterattack
Even though the Mother World seemed to be right in front of them, it would still take them three days to find the entrance to the Mother World.
The two Soaring Firmament Flying Ships were chasing each other in the space.
There were twelve people standing on the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the back, and they were all Nirvana Realm experts.
There was a middle-aged man standing at the front of the flying ship.
The lines on the middle-aged man's face were rigid, and his eyebrows were like two blades.
He wore black armor, and there were blood vessels flowing in the complicated patterns on the armor. The aura that the armor emitted was very oppressive.
"Who is on the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front? Tell me your name! "
The middle-aged man held a Xuanyuan Magatama in his hand and tried to communicate with the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front.
But after communicating so many times, there was no response.
"Sir Ying Yuan! That Soaring Firmament Flying Ship is very strange. Why did it run away when it saw us? "asked another short youth.
Those who could ride the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship had a high status in the Xuanyuan Guard.
If they met in the Chaos, they would report their names and exchange some useful information according to the usual practice.
Just as Ying Yuan ordered his subordinates to meet up with the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, he never expected that the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship would suddenly speed up and escape!
Everyone knew that there was something unusual going on.
Ying Yuan didn't say anything and ordered the chase while using the Xuanyuan Magatama to communicate with the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front. But there was no response from the other party.
"Could it be that someone hijacked our Xuanyuan Guard's Soaring Firmament Flying Ship?"
"Who has the guts to do so?"
"…"
Just as these Xuanyuan Guards were discussing, Ying Yuan stared at the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front and said, "No matter who it is, this matter must be investigated …" Ying Yuan was halfway through his sentence when he saw the surface of the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front flash and disappear in front of them.
"They entered the space tunnel. Let's follow them!" Ying Yuan frowned and ordered.
One of the people controlling the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship nodded and also controlled the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship to enter the space tunnel.
These two Soaring Firmament Flying Ships had similar performance, and it was expected that the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship at the front couldn't shake them off …
"What if I can't shake him off?"
Chi Yi placed another divine crystal into the jade plate. He had already pushed the speed of the flying boat to the limit, but the flying boat still pursued him relentlessly. It had fallen into the spatial tunnel now.
"Since the other party is a Xuanyuan Guard, they must have the Xuanyuan Gouyu in their hands. Although they can't catch up to us, they can use the Xuanyuan Gouyu to call for others to intercept us," Luo Zheng said with a frown as he looked back at the distant ship.
Ming Wei blinked her eyes, and a trace of killing intent flashed in her eyes. She then said, "If that's the case, Chi Yi, slow down."
"Slow down?" Chi Yi looked at Ming Wei in surprise.
"Luo Zheng is right. If they inform the other Xuanyuan Guards, we won't be able to escape even if we have wings," Ming Wei said. "Since that's the case, we might as well turn around and attack!"
Although this decision was risky, Luo Zheng nodded subconsciously. "That's one way!"
Ming Wei looked at Luo Yan and said, "If we attack, there will be risks. Luo Yan, come into my inner world to hide!"
Luo Yan bit her lip and looked at her brother. Luo Zheng also persuaded, "Yan 'er, listen to me. Once we pass this calamity, we will naturally let you out."
A trace of light slowly rotated in Luo Yan's eyes. She looked at Luo Zheng with reluctance.
Although her brother had promised her, she had a faint premonition that it wouldn't be so easy to see Luo Zheng again.
Because of this premonition, Luo Yan was especially reluctant. She walked in front of Luo Zheng and kissed him on the forehead. Then she turned and walked towards Ming Wei.
After Ming Wei put Luo Yan into her inner world, she said to Chi Yi, "Slow down! Prepare to use the Moonlight Massacre! "
The Moonlight Massacre was a great killing weapon. Ming Wei had practiced it many times in the divine realm.
Chi Yi didn't hesitate at all and threw divine crystals into the jade plate.
Luo Zheng had found a sea of divine crystals at the bottom of the divine realm. He took half of them. Before returning to his home world, Luo Zheng gave Chi Yi two thousand divine crystals. On the way back, he had only used sixty to seventy divine crystals. Now, he had enough to use the Moonlight Massacre.
On the Ling Xiao Airship behind them …
"Sir Ying Yuan, the other party has slowed down!" a Xuan Yuan Guard reported.
"I'm not blind," Ying Yuan said unhappily.
The Ling Xiao Airship suddenly slowed down, which naturally aroused Ying Yuan's vigilance.
However, Ying Yuan still couldn't treat the other party as an enemy. Perhaps the Xuan Yuan Guard on the Ling Xiao Airship really did have something urgent to do? But even if it was an extremely urgent matter, it was impossible for them to not respond to Xuanyuan Gouyu's call. The other party only needed to use Xuanyuan Gouyu to explain.
No matter how you looked at it, this matter was too abnormal.
"Since they've slowed down, let's follow them. Comrades, prepare yourselves. I'm afraid the other party is an enemy and not a friend," Ying Yuan instructed.
The Nirvana Realm powerhouses listened to Ying Yuan's instructions and activated the Nirvana Realm tokens in their bodies, preparing for battle.
In this space tunnel, the distance between the two Ling Xiao Airships quickly shortened …
Three thousand miles …
Five hundred miles …
Fifty miles …
Fifty miles …
Without any obstructions, Ying Yuan was already able to see the faces of the people on the Soaring Firmament Flying Boat in front of him. With a focused gaze, Ming Wei's beautiful and moving face was already reflected in his eyes.
"A woman?" Ying Yuan's eyes flashed slightly as he searched for information about this person in his mind.
Someone who could command a Ling Xiao Airship was at least a five-star Xuan Yuan Guard, but there was no one like her in the Xuan Yuan Guard.
Could she be from the Heavensguard Pavilion?
Thinking of this, Ying Yuan's heart trembled. If this woman was from the Heavensguard Pavilion, she indeed had the right to ignore him.
However, Ying Yuan still had to do a routine inspection of the Ling Xiao Airship due to his duty.
Fifteen miles …
Twenty miles …
Ten miles …
This distance was already quite close. For a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, it was just a step away.
Ming Wei put her slender legs together and straightened them. She stood gracefully on the side of the ship, and her tight-fitting white chrysanthemum dress fluttered in the wind.
Ying Yuan could see her, and she could also see Ying Yuan.
As they looked at each other, a strange smile suddenly appeared on Ming Wei's face. She said to Chi Yi indifferently, "Let's start …"
Chi Yi gently turned the jade plate in his hand, and crescent moons suddenly spread out in all directions!
In an instant, the Moonlight of Slaughter enveloped an area with a radius of a hundred miles. Ming Wei also gently waved her hand, and then gently slashed at the Lingxiao Flying Boat behind her. It was as if she was lifting something heavy as if it was nothing.
When Ying Yuan saw those silver crescent moons, his face was filled with shock.

Chapter 2620
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Choice
Even an outsider like Fu Er knew about the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation.
The Xuanyuan Guards were naturally more familiar with this formation and knew the power of the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation.
Ming Wei slashed in the air, and the silver moons trembled slightly. A trace of invisible energy instantly crossed the space!
"Crack!"
When the invisible energy rushed towards the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, a faint purple barrier appeared on the surface of the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship.
This was the protective barrier of the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship. Ordinary Nirvana Realm experts would find it difficult to break this barrier in a short period of time. However, Ming Wei's slash instantly shattered the entire barrier.
Sizzle …
The invisible energy continued to penetrate deeper and passed through the Soaring Firmament Flying Ship, leaving a thin line in the middle of the flying ship.
Other than the flying ship, thin lines also appeared on the bodies of the Xuanyuan Guards. Some thin lines appeared on their arms, which meant that their arms were broken. Some thin lines appeared on their legs, which meant that their legs were broken.
The two most unlucky Xuanyuan Guards were cut in half by the thin lines that appeared in the middle of their bodies. Even their souls and inner worlds were separated, and they died on the spot.
How could Ying Yuan and the other Xuanyuan Guards have the slightest intention to stay?
They shot in all directions, fearing that they would not be able to escape in time …
Ying Yuan was especially bitter. The other party actually used the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation to kill the Xuanyuan Guards?
If it were any other opponent, he would definitely question them and at the same time, want to confirm the other party's identity.
However, in the Moonlight Slaughtering Formation, even someone as strong as him did not have much power to resist. Ying Yuan only wanted to preserve his life now!
"Run! Run in all directions! "
Ying Yuan's thoughts turned extremely quickly. In the flying ship, he also used his Quintessential Essence to warn the other Xuanyuan Guards.
The Moonlight Slaughtering Formation could seal the space …
No matter what the other party's motive was, since they had made a move, it was very likely that they would kill them all.
As long as the other party was given enough time, the dozen or so Xuanyuan Guards would probably die here.
However, Ying Yuan also found a trace of hope in an instant, and that was time!
The bottom of the mother world was not barren. These people would definitely not dare to continue fighting. As long as they could not kill the Xuanyuan Guards in a short period of time, the other party would have no choice but to escape.
"Hmph!"
Ming Wei snorted coldly and slashed at a Xuan Yuan Guard in the air again. The Xuan Yuan Guard shuddered and was sliced into two by the Moonlight Slaughter Formation.
Ying Yuan's guess was correct. Ming Wei originally wanted to catch them off guard and kill all these people in this spatial passage.
She did not expect these people to scatter and run away the moment they saw the Moonlight Slaughtering Array …
If she were to pursue them one by one, then she would indeed be unable to afford it. If these Xuanyuan Guards were to summon even stronger reinforcements, then it would truly be a calamity.
"The Soaring Firmament Airship has been destroyed. Let's go!" Ming Wei gave up on pursuing these Xuan Yuan Guards.
Chi Yi nodded. After removing the Moonlight Slaughter, he quickly activated the jade plate. The Ling Xiao Airship also began to speed up and escape, throwing the Xuan Yuan Guards and the two halves of the Ling Xiao Airship into the space.
Looking at the High Firmament Flying Ship that was rapidly moving away, Ying Yuan let out a deep breath.
His eyes were filled with hatred. With a flip of his hand, the Xuanyuan Gouyu appeared in his hand. After activating the Xuanyuan Gouyu, Ying Yuan's voice spread out through the Xuanyuan Gouyu.
"There is a Ling Xiao Airship at the bottom of the Vast Expanse Continent that has been hijacked by outsiders. They are heading north of the Vast Expanse Continent. They should be going through the Third Layer Pass to enter the Mother World. Take note that they have a Moonlight Slaughter Formation. I hope that the powerhouses of the Xuan Yuan Guards can eliminate them …"
… …
… …
The Xuanyuan Gouyu could communicate over long distances.
When his voice was spoken, it was transmitted within a certain range at the bottom of the Mother World, and all the Xuan Yuan Guards within this range could receive this message.
On the other side of the Mother World, there was a triangular gap. This was the Third Layer Pass that Ying Yuan spoke of.
If one wanted to enter the Mother World in this region, the Third Layer Pass was the closest. If one missed this pass, then it would take several months to find the next pass. This was also why Ying Yuan was certain that Ming Wei and the others would take the Third Layer Pass.
At the center of the Third Layer Pass, a pitch-black ship slowly sailed into it.
This ship was hundreds of thousands of meters tall, and was practically a moving mountain with a huge pavilion built on top of it.
In a corner of the pavilion, a youth in white picked up the Xuanyuan Gouyu and heard Ying Yuan's warning.
"Oh? Outsiders hijacked the Ling Xiao Airship? And there's a Moonlight Slaughtering Array on the Soaring Firmament Airship? "The white-robed young man looked surprised.
After some thought, he activated the Xuanyuan Gouyu and asked at the same time, "Who is so bold as to hijack our Ling Xiao Airship? Quickly reply. "
Only the people of the Heavensguard Pavilion had the right to use the Moonlight Slaughter Formation, so the youth in white realized that this was no small matter.
"May I ask who you are?" Ying Yuan responded with a trace of respect when he heard this person's tone.
"I am Heyin," the youth in white said faintly.
Ying Yuan was shocked, and his tone became even more respectful, "So it is Lord Heyin! That's great, just now … "
Lord Heyin was a well-known figure in the Heavensguard Pavilion, so Ying Yuan had naturally heard of his great name.
Ying Yuan described what he saw in detail, and finally said, "If they go through the Third Layer Pass, they should arrive in a day!"
"I understand," Heyin nodded, "I will wait for them here."
After Heyin finished speaking, the light on the Xuanyuan Gouyu dimmed.
Then he pushed open the door of the pavilion, jumped up, and left the ship.
This ship didn't belong to the Xuanyuan Guard, but to a caravan from the Origin World. He was just hitching a ride.
Since he encountered this kind of situation, Heyin couldn't just stand by and watch, so he just waited in front of the Third Layer Pass.
… …
… …
On the Ling Xiao Airship, the expressions of Ming Wei and the others were still serious.
"Although our identities haven't been exposed, we will definitely be treated as an enemy by the Xuanyuan Satellite TV," Luo Zheng analyzed.
Chi Yi nodded, and said at the same time, "If I were them, I would definitely try to calculate our route into the Origin World. In other words … they will probably intercept us at the Third Layer Pass!"
"Can we change our route?" Luo Zheng stared at Ming Wei and asked.
Ming Wei's expression was complicated, "The path I chose is the most desolate one, but it should also be the safest. I just didn't expect that in such a large Origin World, we would coincidentally run into the Xuanyuan Guard!"
This was a difficult choice, and they couldn't guess the Xuanyuan Guard's movements.

Chapter 2621
Entering the Pass
Choosing the Third Layer Pass was undoubtedly a risk, but it was also the best choice.
The Lingxiao Flying Ship shuttled through the spatial tunnel …
The pressure was like an invisible giant beast that hovered above everyone's heads. Everyone maintained their silence.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a long time before staring at Ming Wei and saying, "If there really is danger, Ming Wei, can you escape by yourself?"
This was definitely not the right time to say this, but Luo Yan was still in Ming Wei's internal world.
If they were surrounded by the other Xuan Yuan Guards, Luo Zheng hoped that Ming Wei could escape first. At least, she could save Luo Yan's life.
Ming Wei glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. She did not blame Luo Zheng. It was normal for him to be worried about his sister. Moreover, Ming Wei had been the one to bring Luo Yan to Mount Li back then.
Protecting Luo Yan was naturally one of her missions.
"Don't worry. If we really encounter an irresistible danger, I will naturally escape," Ming Wei promised.
Luo Zheng nodded.
If they encountered the top experts of the Xuan Yuan Guards, the entire ship would probably be wiped out. However, Ming Wei's seemingly empty promise made Luo Zheng feel slightly relieved.
Three days passed in the blink of an eye …
Chi Yi gently rubbed the jade plate in his hand. Strands of azure light flashed in front of the Lingxiao Flying Ship, and they left the spatial tunnel again.
The moment they left the spatial tunnel, a huge triangular gap appeared in front of everyone.
The triangular gap was formed by three jade pillars that were millions of meters long, connected head to tail. Each of the jade pillars was carved with strangely shaped patterns, and hundreds of flying ships of different shapes were flying in and out of the gap.
Even Luo Zheng, who was used to grand spectacles, was shocked when he saw this huge triangular gap.
"This is the Third Layer Pass?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ming Wei nodded. Although seeing the Third Layer Pass again after countless years made her feel very close, now was not the time to be emotional. She said to Chi Yi, "Prepare to kill the moonlight. Everyone, stay alert!"
The other women of the Nuwa clan all nodded. Just in case, they all held a divine crystal in their hands.
Not far away, more than a dozen huge airboats were slowly moving forward. Chi Yi's face slightly changed. The Ling Xiao Airboat turned around and followed behind those huge airboats.
Most of these flying ships were cargo ships of caravans. It would be a good thing if they could hide in these cargo ships and pass safely.
…
…
Right above the Three Layer Pass, Heyin was standing at the intersection of two jade pillars, looking down at the flying ships that were flying in and out of the pass.
"I've been here for three days. According to Ying Yuan's report, the Soaring Firmament Airship should have arrived by now. Or … did they choose to change their route? "
If the other party didn't go through the Three Stacks Test, Heiyin wouldn't be able to do anything to that Soaring Firmament Flying Boat.
The Mother World was too huge. Even an expert like He Yin would find it hard to take care of everything.
However, someone hijacking the Soaring Firmament Airship was not a small matter for the Xuan Yuan Guard. Even if these people chose to go to other passes, the Xuan Yuan Guard would chase and intercept them. Heyin only needed to guard the Three Layer Pass.
Just as He Yin was thinking, his gaze suddenly fell on the back of the dozen huge airboats. On the side of those huge airboats was a Soaring Firmament Airboat.
He Yin smiled, "Finally, you're here. You want to use such a clumsy method to get through … Stupid."
With a chuckle, he lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot. His body was as light as a white dove. After flying in the chaos for a while, he immediately dropped down. He drew a white line in the air and went straight for the Soaring Firmament Airboat.
The moment this white line cut through the sky, Ming Wei, Chi Yi and the others had already noticed it. Or rather, He Yin had never thought of hiding it.
"That's coming for us," Chi Yi's face darkened.
Ming Wei looked at the figure flying over at high speed. Her eyes flashed with a trace of fierce light, "Use the moonlight slaughter … Accelerate through the Three Layer Pass!"
It was impossible to use greater teleportation to pass through the Three Layer Pass. Now, they could only rely on the speed of the Soaring Firmament Airboat to rush through the Three Layer Pass.
After Chi Yi obeyed, he once again used the moonlight slaughter. At the same time, the Soaring Firmament Airboat suddenly trembled and suddenly accelerated. It turned into a sharp arrow that left the bow and flew toward the Three Layer Pass.
Seeing the Soaring Firmament Airboat accelerating, the smile on He Yin's face grew wider.
As he was falling, a heavy broadsword appeared in Heyin's hand. At the same time, the speed of his descent increased by more than ten times!
"Whoosh —"
While falling at high speed, He Yin was constantly adjusting his position to ensure that he could accurately approach the Soaring Firmament Airboat.
50 kilometers, 50 kilometers …
"Buzz!"
The moonlight slaughter was once again used by Chi Yi.
Ming Wei raised her head to look at the approaching figure in white. The silver-white moonlight in her hand was also constantly gathering.
Just as the other party was about 10 kilometers away, Ming Wei gently waved her finger. A colorful halo had already spread into the sky, and this colorful halo was also mixed with the power of the Moonlight Slaughter Formation!
She knew that the opponent's strength was extraordinary, so she used a killing move!
"Heh …"
Heyin, who had descended from the sky, looked at the rainbow-colored halo and revealed a look of disdain. He gently turned the broadsword in his hand, and 6 ghostly imprints appeared on the blade of the broadsword. At this moment, these imprints were like the wailing of ghosts and howling of wolves, emitting an ear-piercing sound wave.
"Ah ah …"
These sound waves were colorless and formless. At most, it would cause some discomfort to one's hearing. However, under the assault of these sound waves, the energy gathered by Ming Wei's rainbow halo and the Moonlight Extermination instantly dissipated and disappeared without a trace!
Seeing this scene, Ming Wei's face turned snow-white.
"It's the ghost imprints of the six heavenly dragons … Everyone, abandon the boat! Charge into the Three Layer Pass! "
After seeing those ghost imprints, Ming Wei appeared to be a little flustered. However, in her panic, she still made an accurate judgment.
The moment Ming Wei gave the order, Luo Zheng, Chi Yi, and the others of the Nuwa Clan all rushed out of the Soaring Firmament Airboat …
Just as they rushed out of the Soaring Firmament Airboat, He Yin's broadsword had already slashed down.
A powerful energy wave gathered into a blade light that was tens of thousands of meters long. As this blade light surged, it formed violent spatial fluctuations. These fluctuations even caused the few giant airboats around to shake.
Some heads popped out from some of the pavilions on the giant airboats.
Among these people, there were Nirvana Realm experts, but most of them were True Gods. When they saw the power of this blade light, fear appeared on their faces.
However, such a battle was not rare in the mother world. As long as it did not affect them, they would just treat it as a show.
"Boom!"

Chapter 2622
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Escape!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Everyone on the Lingxiao Airship turned into a beam of light and flew toward the entrance of the Third Layer Pass.
Heyin looked at the rapidly shuttling silhouette and revealed a cold smile.
He took a step forward in the air, and his entire body once again transformed into a thin white line. His flying speed increased explosively, and in the blink of an eye, he had already caught up with a woman from the Nuwa Clan. That woman was Ge Ling, who had given Luo Zheng a place to stay.
"Where did you get this Lingxiao Airship?" Heyin followed closely behind and asked in a calm tone. There was no killing intent in his words.
Why would Ge Ling answer him?
She knew that the man in white was chasing after her, and her face was full of panic. She even pushed her speed to the limit.
However, no matter how she increased her speed, she still couldn't get rid of the man in white.
"Not going to answer?" Heyin raised his eyebrows slightly. He waved the broadsword in his hand and caught up with Ge Ling in an instant.
The broadsword swept across Ge Ling's body, and like the Lingxiao Airship, Ge Ling was swallowed by the sword light and disappeared without a trace …
"You only have one chance. If you don't answer, you can die …"
After killing Ge Ling, Heyin adjusted his direction and caught up with another woman from the Nuwa Clan.
When the woman saw Ge Ling's miserable state, she was filled with grief and despair.
"Tell me, who did you get this Lingxiao Airship from?" Heyin's voice was heard again.
The woman screamed and turned around. A violent energy wave was transmitted from her Dantian, and a black spider web shrouded Heyin.
This spider web emitted a strong stench. Obviously, it contained a strong poison.
She originally planned to fight with her life, but she suddenly stopped and launched an attack. Heyin was chasing after her at high speed. She was caught off guard and was covered by the spider web!
"You want to know? Haha, then follow me to that world! "
After saying that, the black spider web burned crazily!
This spider web was the woman's Nirvana Realm token. It originally contained a strange poison, and even an ordinary Nirvana Realm master would die if they were caught in the web. Moreover, after she burned the token, the power of the web increased by several times!
"Sizzle …"
As the spider web burned, wisps of black gas appeared and left black marks on Heyin's body.
"Hua Yan …"
Ming Wei, who was flying in front of her, saw this scene.... Her eyes were filled with grief. Translation Ge.
They were Ge Ling.. Translation.. Translation. translation. translation
Translation... Ge Ling. Translation.. Hua Yan Translation. Translation. Translation Hua Yan's words. Translation. Translation, Hua Yan Translation Hua Translation. Her Translation. Translation Of Translation Translation.
.. Translation: Translation: Translation: Translation: Translation
Translation. translation. Translation. com Translation translation translation 'Nit Translation Translation Translation Translation is translation translation Translation Translation translation Translation translation is Translation is Translation is translation of the Is Translation?... Translation Translation.
Under such circumstances, she could only endure and flee …
"Layer Layer Layer.......... Translation.. Haha! "
Six ghost heads appeared on the surface of Heyin's broadsword. The ghost heads howled. The black spider web on Heyin's body was dispersed. Heyin did not even look at Hua Yan. He walked past her and headed for his next target.
The Nirvana Realm Token could not be stopped. Hua Yan was already dead in his eyes.
The Nirvana Realm Token burned continuously. Her inner world was on fire. The fire would spread to her entire inner world. Then, it would burn out from her inner world and destroy her entire body.
During the whole process, her body would be imprisoned by the Nirvana Realm Token. It was said that the power of imprisonment came from the truth. Even her soul could not escape. The pain she had to endure before her death was not something an ordinary person could endure.
Many Nirvana Realm experts had a lingering fear after witnessing the tragedy of burning their Nirvana Realm Token. Therefore, they would not choose to burn their Nirvana Realm Token.
If Heyin killed Hua Yan, it would be a relief for Hua Yan. He did not kill her. Instead, he would make her death more painful.
"After passing through the Third Layer Barrier, everyone, use Greater Teleportation! Run as far away as you can! After passing through the Third Layer Barrier, we will enter the Red Sun Desert. We will meet up at the Heaven's Wall City, which is north of the desert! "Ming Wei transmitted her voice using True Yuan.
As long as they rushed into the Third Layer Barrier and used Greater Teleportation, the white-robed man would not be able to catch up with everyone.
Fortunately, Hua Yan sacrificed herself and stalled Heyin for a while. Otherwise, with Heyin's speed, he would have been able to kill four to five people!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had also activated the Taoist Connotation in his inner world to the extreme!
A pair of thunder wings made crackling sounds. At the same time, gusts of spiritual wind spiraled around his body.
He rushed towards the Third Layer Barrier at high speed!
In the middle of the Third Layer Barrier was a layer of pale yellow barrier. This barrier would not prevent outsiders from entering. However, it could isolate the chaotic aura outside. Just as Luo Zheng rushed into this layer of pale yellow barrier, he turned his head and saw Heyin's broadsword slashing towards him again.
Another Nuwa Clan member had fallen under his sword …
Luo Zheng stared deeply at this person's face. At this moment, Heyin happened to raise his head and saw Luo Zheng.
As the only Perfect True God among this group of Nirvana Realm experts, Luo Zheng was naturally very eye-catching. After noticing Luo Zheng's gaze, Heyin revealed a trace of surprise in his eyes.
However, this gaze lasted for a very short time. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng entered the barrier.
At the moment when he entered the barrier, Luo Zheng had already performed Greater Teleportation.
He did not know what kind of place the Red Sun Desert was. This was his first time stepping into his mother world.
After entering, Luo Zheng began to perform Greater Teleportation crazily and shuttled through space continuously in this desert.
Every time Luo Zheng performed Greater Teleportation, he could cross a distance of tens of thousands of miles. After performing Greater Teleportation for hundreds of times, he finally stopped.
Although his physical body was strong, his body was extremely tired after crazily activating his Taoist Connotation to escape.
"Boom …"
In the end, he fell from mid-air and crashed into the scalding sand. He was panting heavily.
After resting for a long time, Luo Zheng slowly climbed up from the sand. After that, he leaped to the top of a sand dune. He stared at the dusky desert in the distance. However, he was not thinking about how to leave this place.
Just now, he did not care about anything else. After he rushed into the Third Layer Barrier, he performed Greater Teleportation. He wondered if Heyin could catch up with Ming Wei.

Chapter 2623
CHAPTER 2623 - CHAPTER 263
A Strange Sandstorm
In a short moment, the yellow sandstorm had completely enveloped Luo Zheng.
This sandstorm was enough to sweep ordinary mortals and livestock into the sky, but it posed no threat to Luo Zheng.
The fine gravel was like dense raindrops falling towards Luo Zheng, but it all stopped three inches in front of Luo Zheng. An invisible force formed a film that isolated all the gravel outside.
"Heaven's Wall City to the north of the desert …"
Looking at the gravel flying all over the sky, Luo Zheng revealed a bitter smile.
When he first stepped into the Realm of the Gods, he was alone. Without anyone to guide him, he could only slowly explore the Realm of the Gods.
This time, with Ming Wei leading the team, he originally wanted to save a lot of trouble, but he didn't expect that they would get separated at the first step into the Mother World!
He had used Greater Teleportation hundreds of times to wander around the Scarlet Sun Desert. It could be imagined that this desert was very large. Even if it was a clear sky, Luo Zheng would find it difficult to distinguish between north, south, east, and west, let alone in this sand-filled weather.
"It's best to find someone and ask around!"
Luo Zheng was only at a loss for a moment, but he had already collected his thoughts. After taking a light step, he disappeared from the top of the hill.
Although he couldn't distinguish the direction, Luo Zheng tried his best to use Greater Teleportation in one direction. This way, he could ensure that he left this desert with the shortest route.
"Buzz …"
With a single Greater Teleportation, Luo Zheng had already crossed a distance of fifty thousand kilometers.
The moment he came out of the spatial passage, he was still met with yellow sand flying towards him.
Looking at the sandstorm in front of him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise.
Sandstorms weren't rare weather. In the desert, when there was a strong wind, there would be sandstorms. However, he had already crossed a distance of fifty thousand kilometers and still couldn't get out of this sandstorm. The range of this sandstorm was beyond his imagination.
"The strength of the wind in this desert isn't strong enough to create such a large-scale sandstorm. How did this sandstorm come about?"
Luo Zheng frowned. He couldn't figure out the mystery, so he could only use Greater Teleportation again.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
He used Greater Teleportation seven times in a row and traveled a total of four to five hundred thousand miles. However, everywhere he went, there was still a raging sandstorm.
Not being able to determine where he was made him panic.
Luo Zheng no longer moved forward. Instead, he changed his direction and used Greater Teleportation towards the sky!
Ming Wei had said that the mother world was like a flattened egg. However, this egg was too big. Even if Luo Zheng kept using Greater Teleportation, he would not be able to touch the top of the mother world.
However, as he continued to move upwards, he realized that things were getting weirder and weirder.
He shifted upwards three times and arrived at a height of 150,000 miles. As he stood in the air, he was suddenly surrounded by rolling yellow sand.
"The height of this sandstorm is over a hundred and fifty thousand kilometers?"
Luo Zheng hadn't taken the sandstorm seriously before, but now he realized the strangeness of it.
Helplessly, he could only lower his altitude and fly close to the desert …
Moving forward like this naturally wasn't as fast as Greater Teleportation, but it could help him better distinguish his surroundings.
After flying like this for several hours, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a few bulges under the sand dune to his left. These bulges were covered by sand, so he couldn't see what they were.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and spread out his divine sense.
As he investigated with his divine sense, a trace of joy appeared on his face. Those bulges were actually tents, and there were people inside the tents!
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest and flew towards the tents.
The sandstorm had been blowing for so long that a thick layer of yellow sand had already covered the tents.
Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and swept away the yellow sand outside the tents.
The tent's entrance was a curtain sewn from a thick layer of animal skin. Luo Zheng reached out and gently lifted the curtain. The moment he lifted it, a sharp, snow-white knife pierced towards him!
"Whoosh!"
The knife's strength wasn't small, and it was aimed directly at Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. His right hand shot out like lightning and pinched the sharp knife's edge with two fingers. The knife couldn't move in the slightest.
"Don't …"
Just as Luo Zheng passed by, several spears stabbed towards him from both sides of the curtain.
These spears were aimed at Luo Zheng's eyes, face, chest, and throat. They obviously wanted to kill him.
Although Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of ordinary swords and sabers, he was still a little angry at being treated like this. Luo Zheng's hands danced like flowers, and the spears that were stabbing towards him were all snatched away by Luo Zheng.
Several lean young men stood in the tent. These young men didn't expect Luo Zheng to have such strength. They continuously retreated, and at the same time pulled out the scimitars at their waists.
But the space in the tent was very small, and they couldn't use their full strength. For a moment, it was chaos.
"I'm just passing by, why are you pulling out your scimitars?" Luo Zheng threw those spears on the ground and asked coldly.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, those young men were slightly stunned.
The leader had a scar on his face. He looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of suspicion, and immediately asked: "You, you're not an assassin sent by the King?"
Luo Zheng sighed in relief. The other party spoke the same language, so at least they could communicate smoothly.
The cultural inheritance in the Divine Domain wasn't spontaneous, but came from the Mother World. The language used here was of the same origin as the Divine Domain.
"Of course not, I'm just passing by," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
Those young men were skeptical, but they still held their scimitars tightly, and didn't have any intention of backing down.
At this moment, a soft female voice suddenly came from the inner part of the tent, "Let him in."
"But Senior Magic Flute …" The scar-faced youth had a worried expression.
That soft body came again, "No need to say anymore. If he was really sent by the King to kill me, all of us would already be dead."
This girl's eyesight was very accurate. With Luo Zheng's strength, he only needed one palm to turn these tents and the people inside into ashes.
When those young men heard this, they looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of fear in their eyes. Based on that move just now, they were definitely not Luo Zheng's opponent.
As the young men moved aside, Luo Zheng discovered that these tents had a passage between them.
He followed the passage where the voice came from, and a faint fragrance immediately assailed his nostrils. In this tent, there was a veiled girl.
Under this thin veil, there was a slightly round little face. This girl's eye sockets were deeper, and although her appearance couldn't be said to be devastatingly beautiful, it had an exotic charm.

Chapter 2624
Magic Flute's Condition
The Third Layer Pass was one of the exits to the outside of the Mother World.
Although it wasn't the main exit, the Triple Layer Pass didn't belong to any faction, so it was favored by the neutral merchant alliance.
The large clans in the Mother World were intertwined and intertwined. They often had to go through a lot of trouble to arrange some goods along the way.
Some of the more powerful merchant alliances came up with the idea that it would be better to transport living creatures out of the mother world and then return to the mother world through various checkpoints. This could also be considered a shortcut.
The Chiyang Desert was adjacent to the Three Stacks Pass. Those merchants who were familiar with the trade routes would naturally not get lost in this desert. However, there were always some exceptions, and Luo Zheng was one of them.
"Yes," Luo Zheng admitted with a nod.
However, this woman would never have thought that Luo Zheng was not from the Origin World.
"After this sandstorm rolled up, it actually shrouded this desert. I've been looking for it for a long time, but I still couldn't get past it. I wonder if there's a trick in the Chiyang Desert?" Luo Zheng took the opportunity to ask his doubts.
Unexpectedly, the woman didn't directly answer Luo Zheng's question. She smiled faintly and said slowly, "Sir, if you want to leave the Red Sun Desert, where do you plan to go?"
Luo Zheng expected that she wouldn't have any connection with the Xuan Yuan Wei, so he immediately said, "Heaven's Wall City."
"Heaven's Wall City is a big city north of the Scarlet Sun Desert. I've been there before."
Luo Zheng saw that she was trying to evade his question, so he was a little impatient. He asked directly, "If that's the case, can you tell me how to leave this desert?"
"Of course there is a way to leave this desert, but you need to wait until the sandstorm in the Red Sun Desert subsides. You can walk out of the Red Sun Desert by heading north," the woman replied with a smile.
Luo Zheng also knew that the reason he couldn't get out of the desert was most likely because of the sandstorm. He then asked, "How long will this sandstorm last?"
"Once the sandstorm starts in the Red Sun Desert, it will last for about one and a half years," the woman said.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He still wanted to rush to Heaven's Wall City to meet up with Ming Wei and the others, but this was taking too long.
"Is there no other way?" Luo Zheng asked.
The woman calmly said, "This sandstorm is an illusion created by the breath of the Fog Summoning God Spirit. If a normal person enters, they will not be able to leave. But we, the Sand Nation, have a way."
"Mist-summoning spirit?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
The lady smiled gently and said, "In your eyes, it should be a powerful ferocious beast. However, it is our god and has been protecting our Sand Country for countless years..."
Luo Zheng made some inquiries and roughly understood the situation.
In the eyes of those Paramita Realm experts, the Crimsonsun Desert was naturally a wasteland.
In fact, this desert wasn't that desolate. There were oases and a large number of Sand Nation people. There was even a country and dozens of large and small tribes.
The Fog Summoning Godly Spirit should be a ferocious beast that occupied the Scarlet Sun Desert. This ferocious beast was good at creating illusions.
To be able to trap Luo Zheng in this sandstorm, it was enough to show that the "Fog Summoning Godly Spirit" mentioned by the lady should be an extremely powerful existence. Even Paramita Realm experts would find it difficult to kill it.
Therefore, most of the caravans and flying boats that wanted to pass through the Three-Layered Pass would take a detour after entering the pass and avoid the Scarlet Sun Desert.
In his panic, Luo Zheng naturally fell into this desert and was unable to find an exit.
Also, because of the existence of the "Fog Summoning Godly Spirit", it protected the Sand Nation people in the desert. Naturally, the Sand Nation people worshipped this ferocious beast as a god.
"Since you have a way to leave, please point the way. If there's anything I can help with, please advise me," Luo Zheng said.
He also understood the meaning of the lady's words.
This lady was obviously being chased by someone, which was why she hid in the depths of the desert.
She took a detour for a long time, as if she wanted to ask for his help.
Since Luo Zheng had a favor to ask of her, he straightforwardly said it.
When the lady heard Luo Zheng's words, her eyes lit up slightly.
She had been to the Heaven's Wall City and was after all a Sand Nation person who had seen the world. She was unable to judge the strength of this person, but since Luo Zheng was an outsider, his strength was definitely not weak. If she could ask for his help, it could be said to be saving her life.
However, she was afraid that Luo Zheng would reject her, so she did not ask directly. Now that Luo Zheng took the initiative to ask, she was relieved.
It was not that she was scheming, but she was afraid that she would miss the opportunity that fell from the sky.
"To tell you the truth, Young Master Luo, Magic Flute was originally the princess of the Sand Nation. A few months ago, there was a rebellion in the Sand Nation. Magic Flute's brothers were all killed by the new King. Magic Flute borrowed the protection of the Fog Summoning Godly Spirit to escape into the desert and keep her life. If Young Master can help Magic Flute take back the throne, Magic Flute will naturally be extremely grateful!" Her voice suddenly became low.
Magic Flute was very clear that the debt of her bringing Luo Zheng out of the desert was not enough for someone like Luo Zheng to take the risk to help. This time, she revealed a pitiful expression.
The battle for the throne was originally very cruel. Her only choice was to leave her home, but Luo Zheng's appearance gave her a glimmer of hope.
Luo Zheng considered in his heart. This matter was not difficult for Luo Zheng.
From the looks of the guards beside this lady, the strong martial artists of the Sand Nation were most likely a group of Divine Sea and Divine Transformation Realm martial artists. It would not take too much time to help her get rid of these troubles. He nodded and agreed.
"Since it is so, Young Master Luo, follow Magic Flute and set off!"
After that, she called for the guards to remove the tents.
After a series of preparations, Magic Flute took out a curved green flute. She placed the flute on her lips and gently blew on it. A melodious flute sound was transmitted out.
"Wu wu wu …"
Just as the flute sound was heard, a strange scene appeared.
The yellow sand that was originally rolling in all directions seemed to have heard the flute's command and moved to the sides.
"Eh?"
Just as the yellow sand moved away, Luo Zheng felt a slight fluctuation of spatial laws.
It seemed that the illusion created by the sandstorm did indeed use spatial laws, and even the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment. He did not know what kind of ferocious beast was hiding in the desert to be able to create such a strange illusion.
"This flute was bestowed by the Fog Summoning God. Magic Flute used this flute to escape from the Sand Nation," Magic Flute said softly to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the flute and asked, "In the entire Sand Nation, only you have this flute?"
If he used this flute to open a path, he could hide in the desert and escape the pursuit of others.
Magic Flute shook his head and said, "The Sand Nation has a total of three Flutes of Protection. That is why we are worried that the King will send people to kill us."
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had already found a way to leave the desert, he was not so anxious.

Chapter 2625
Semblance
True Gods rarely cared about the conflicts of the secular world. In the Divine Domain, those true gods who had attained the Divine Dao were all racking their brains to enter the floating islands, hoping to obtain better resources.
It was the same in the Mother World. After the True Gods had reached the Great Perfection Realm, they would wholeheartedly set foot in the Sea of True Meaning, hoping to reach the Nirvana Realm as soon as possible.
However, there was one difference between the Mother World and God's Domain.
The Divine Realm's Divine Citizens could only live outside the Divine City, unable to form a large scale.
The number of Gods in the Origin World was countless times more than in the Divine Domain. These Gods had formed their own countries. Between the countries, there were battles, battles, and the succession of the throne.
The Sand Country was merely one of the countless countries in the massive Mother World.
After all, the divine folk were not mortals. Even if they had not reached the Divine Sea Realm, their physical strength and endurance were not much weaker than those in the Divine Sea Realm.
In half a day's time, Magic Flute had already brought Luo Zheng over a hundred miles.
Other than using the "Flute of Protection" to open up the sandstorm, Magic Flute was constantly changing its route.
Seeing Magic Flute's actions, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of suspicion.
The scenery in the desert was dry and desolate. There were almost no landmarks in the surroundings. Moreover, under the rolling sandstorm, these sand dunes would change their positions.
Although she could rely on the flute to break through the spatial illusion, what did she rely on to identify the path?
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with suspicions, so he was a little more careful.
He quietly spread out his Divine Sense, and then projected the surrounding sand dunes into his mind. With Luo Zheng's current memory, he could clearly remember all the details of the surroundings.
Two hours later, Luo Zheng looked at the sand dune not far away. A strange light flashed in the depths of his pupils.
"Seven sand dunes. Although the position has changed slightly, I should have been here just now!" Luo Zheng thought.
Suspicions were suspicions, but Luo Zheng remained calm and collected. He continued to follow Magic Flute, and at the same time, quietly sized up the guards behind Magic Flute.
These guards had grim expressions on their faces. That scarred man was at the back of the group, looking around as if he was on guard against something …
Another two hours later, Luo Zheng saw the seven sand dunes again. However, the seven sand dunes had moved a little bit further.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could roughly confirm that this lady called Magic Flute was indeed leading him around in circles!
He wondered what she was up to …
Luo Zheng still didn't say anything despite his suspicions.
"Before nightfall, we should be able to find the Sand Country. At that time, I'll have to trouble Young Master Luo," Magic Flute said softly as he put down his flute. He smiled sweetly at Luo Zheng, and his face under the veil revealed a charming smile.
Anyone who saw this smile would feel a rush of excitement, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
But after realizing that Magic Flute was leading him around in circles, Luo Zheng was extremely vigilant. Magic Flute's pitiful words could not be trusted.
After half an hour, Luo Zheng saw a greyish yellow city wall in the rolling sand. Not far ahead, there really was a big city!
And those seven sand dunes stood at the side of the Sand Country.
"This Sand Country suddenly appeared," Luo Zheng's gaze flashed.
At this moment, Magic Flute smiled at Luo Zheng, "Young Master Luo, please follow me into the Sand Country and help me kill the King. If Magic Flute can regain the throne, my Sand Country will reward you handsomely."
"Alright," Luo Zheng nodded.
He wanted to see what Magic Flute was up to.
As the group slowly walked towards the city gate, Luo Zheng asked as he walked, "Since the Sand Country's King took the throne, why didn't he send people to protect the city? There seems to be no one on my city wall? "
Magic Flute thought for a while, frowning slightly under the veil, and replied, "My royal family has already been massacred by the King. I think the King thinks that a little girl like me will not be able to cause any trouble, so naturally there is no need to be on guard."
"But I see that there are no other Sand Citizens in this Sand Country?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Today's sand is rolling, the Sand Citizens should all be at home. If Young Master Luo enters, you will naturally see them," Magic Flute replied.
In the midst of this questioning, Magic Flute had already led Luo Zheng into the city.
Indeed, it was as Magic Flute had said. In the wide streets of the Sand Country, there would occasionally be a few Sand Citizens passing through.
But those Sand Citizens' gait was very strange, as if they were dragging their feet on the ground.
Luo Zheng stared at those Sand Citizens, his eyes flashing with a green luster. With the help of the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, those Sand Citizens had already revealed their true appearance. They were actually statues made of sand!
"Young Master Luo, quickly follow me to the palace," Magic Flute urged, his voice also becoming somewhat urgent.
But Luo Zheng had an unhurried look, and asked indifferently, "Such a big Sand Country, with so many Sand Citizens, I wonder what will be used to feed them?"
Divine Citizens were not martial artists. If they had not stepped into the Spirit Sea Realm, they would not be able to abstain from eating. So the Divine Citizens of the Divine Domain needed to grow crops and raise livestock to feed themselves.
For such a big Sand Country to survive in the rolling sand, they could not possibly rely on sand for food, right?
"This …"
Luo Zheng threw out many questions along the way, and Magic Flute had to rack his brains to answer them.
But this question, Magic Flute could not give a reasonable answer.
Luo Zheng then laughed lightly, "Or is it that there is actually no one in this Sand Country?"
Magic Flute and the guards behind her had a huge change in expression, but Magic Flute still calmed down and replied, "Young Master Luo, are you joking? Such a big Sand City, how can there be no one, I … "
Luo Zheng snorted coldly, the tip of his foot lightly stepped on the ground, and a terrifying power flooded downwards.
The sand on the ground, under the surge of power, spread out like a ripple …
"Shua shua …"
With Luo Zheng as the center, the ripples spread out in an earth-shattering manner. The buildings in the sandstorm began to collapse one after another, and the Sand Nation people turned into piles of yellow sand.
Magic Flute and the guards quickly retreated, and heard her shout, "Fog Summoning Senior! I have brought the person to you! Please show yourself quickly! "
"Hu hu …"
At this moment, the wind blew, and the seven sand dunes that originally stood outside the city seemed to have grown legs, and quickly spread towards Luo Zheng.
As the sand dunes moved, the surface layer of sand was constantly shaken off, and from the sand dunes, thick green vines were revealed. And at the top of the vines, there was a big mouth full of sharp teeth, the shape was strange and exaggerated.
"Is this a plant … or a beast?"
Luo Zheng looked at this thing, and his face showed some disappointment.

Chapter 2626
Accompanying the Sand People
Magic Flute and her guards had retreated far away. Under the veil, her beautiful face showed some excitement.
It was a trap from the start.
Although the last step was seen through by Luo Zheng, her goal had been achieved.
As long as the Fog Summoning Venerable swallowed Luo Zheng, she and her subordinates would get a good reward!
"In this Scarlet Sun Desert, there should be many Sand People, right?"
Even though the "Fog Summoner Venerable" was close at hand, Luo Zheng still turned his head and asked indifferently.
Magic Flute looked at Luo Zheng strangely, not knowing why he would ask such a question.
But she still smiled sweetly, "Of course there are, and we Sand People make a living from this. Sorry, kind person!"
It was extremely difficult for ordinary Sand People to survive in this barren desert, but there was a "Fog Summoning Venerable" in this desert.
This "Misty Summoning Sage" had a very powerful talent. It could set up a spatial illusion array to trap a lost True God. However, its weakness was also obvious. The Misty Summoning Sage was a plant after all. Its range of movement was very small.
So a part of the Sand People chose to cooperate with the Fog Summoning Venerable to lure the lost True Gods to this place for the Fog Summoning Venerable to swallow them. After the Fog Summoning Venerable swallowed the True Gods, it could secrete a light green tree sap. After swallowing the tree sap, the Sand People could live longer and be immune to diseases.
So many Sand People made up a story to gain the trust of outsiders and bring them to the mouth of the Fog Summoning Venerable.
"As a human, you actually colluded with a monster, what a shame..." Luo Zheng stared at Magic Flute and said in a light tone.
"Keke... this time there is a Perfect True God, what good luck." The Fog Summoning Venerable's mouth was full of sharp teeth and made a strange sound. It could actually speak human language.
"Shua!"
Just as the Fog Summoning Venerable finished speaking, a vine full of sharp thorns swept out. After washing a gully in the desert, it rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not dodge and allowed the vine to wrap around his body.
"Shame? It's just a way to survive. "Magic Flute's face revealed a crafty look.
The guards around her all sneered.
"This prey sure is full of nonsense …"
"You're about to die, and you're still talking about humiliation? This is the first time I've seen this, haha!"
"Magic Flute, this time I want more of the Fog Summoning Venerable's tree sap, you promised me last time!"
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was hung upside down by the vines. Then, with a swing of the vines, his entire body was thrown into a huge mouth.
The big mouth opened and closed, chewing continuously.
After all, the Fog-Summoning Venerable was a plant. It had to chew Luo Zheng into pieces before it could digest him little by little.
But after chewing a few times, that big mouth suddenly stopped. Even the other big mouths full of fangs shuddered and stopped in midair.
When Magic Flute and the rest saw the Fog Summoning Elder acting like that, they all had strange looks on their faces.
"What's wrong with the Fog-Summoning Venerable?"
"That Luo fellow doesn't taste good? Hahaha … "
The guards joked.
Only Magic Flute's eyes revealed a hint of wariness. Just now, Luo Zheng's fearless look made her feel very strange.
The "Fog Summoning Venerable" that the Sand Nation people spoke of was actually called "Arabian Demonic Flower". This Arabian Demonic Flower had grown to such a stage that other than Nirvana Realm experts, it could easily devour True Gods.
The Arabian Demonic Flower's spatial illusion formation could even confuse Nirvana Realm experts. But when it encountered a real Nirvana Realm expert, Magic Flute would obediently point out a way out and let those Nirvana Realm experts go. Let the Arabian Demonic Flower devour a Nirvana Realm expert? Not only would that harm the Arabian Demonic Flower, even they would not be able to escape!
But this Luo fellow was just a Perfect True God, there shouldn't be any problem, right?
Just as Magic Flute was faintly worried, a majestic force shot out from the Arabian Demonic Flower's mouth.
Then Magic Flute saw that the big mouth suddenly swelled up, as if something was trying to struggle out!
"Peng!"
A second later, the mouth was completely obliterated.
Luo Zheng's body instantly doubled in size, and in the eyes of Magic Flute and the others, he had transformed into a giant more than ten thousand zhang tall!
In his Desolate God form, Luo Zheng lightly extended his hand, pulling the vines and the seven mouths of the Arabian Demonic Flower together. With a fierce tug, he pulled it out of the ground!
As he squeezed, the Arabian Demonic Flower's mouths were reduced to pieces.
"Only a part?"
Luo Zheng looked at the broken roots of the vines, then turned his head and stared into the distance. Once again, he stretched out his hand towards the bottom of the desert. With a sudden dig, he had already dug out a large pit in the empty desert!
Lying in this pit was a strangely shaped plant. This plant had hands and feet, and seemed to be in the shape of a human. Upon closer inspection, one could faintly make out a face. This face, like a human's, was tinged with fear.
"You are the true body of the Fog Summoner Venerable, correct?" Luo Zheng sneered, his massive fist smashing down into the pit.
"I, I'm not … don't … I can give it to you …" the Arabian Demonic Flower begged for mercy.
But Luo Zheng showed no hesitation. His massive fist had already smashed it into a pool of goo.
This goo exuded a faint fragrance. Luo Zheng had smelled this fragrance before, as it had assaulted his nose when he first saw Magic Flute.
After dealing with the Arabian Demonic Flower, Luo Zheng dispersed the Desolate God energy in his body.
Magic Flute and the others stared in shock at Luo Zheng, their eyes filled with fear.
Let alone these Sand Nation people, even many Paramita realm experts had never heard of the Desolate God, a product of ancient times.
Seeing Luo Zheng smash the Arabian Demonic Flower into pieces like a giant god, they were all scared silly.
"Colluding with a vicious creature is not only a disgrace, but also a waste of my trust," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Magic Flute's guards finally regained their senses and turned to run. Only Magic Flute stood there, motionless.
Luo Zheng stretched out a hand towards those guards. Lightning surged from his fingertips, and a bolt of lightning bloomed.
This bolt of lightning suddenly leaped through the air, jumping several times on the bodies of those guards, instantly turning their bodies into charcoal.
"Why didn't you run?" Luo Zheng stared at Magic Flute and asked.
Magic Flute laughed bitterly and muttered, "Someone who can easily kill the Fog Summoner Venerable, running is meaningless …"
In the end, they were only God's people. Borrowing the power of the Fog Summoner Venerable, they could kill a True God. But they themselves had no strength to speak of, and were at the bottom of the Mother World.
"You are right."
Luo Zheng said expressionlessly. Another bolt of lightning struck Magic Flute's body from his fingertips.
Her originally curvaceous body was also turned into charcoal, and the flute in her hand was bounced out, landing in the desert.

Chapter 2627
Release
After killing the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower, the sandstorm within a radius of a hundred miles disappeared.
Luo Zheng looked into the distance. A hundred miles away, there was still rolling sand …
"It seems that there is more than one Fog-Summoning Venerable in the Chiyang Desert. They are everywhere. This Fog-Summoning Venerable only has a radius of a hundred miles. If I continue to move forward, I am afraid that I will fall into the spatial illusions of other Fog-Summoning Venerables …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, his eyes fell on the flute on the ground. He reached out and grabbed the flute. The flute spun on the ground and was caught in his hand. "This so-called Flute of Protection should be made up by her. But this flute can indeed break the spatial illusions of the Fog-Summoning Venerable. It must be a tool used by the Sand Nation to deceive the True Gods. But if I want to get out of this desert, I am afraid that I have to rely on this flute."
Luo Zheng had just finished speaking when 9527's voice came. "Your analysis is completely correct. Hehe, it seems that this puzzle is not difficult for you."
Hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "You knew from the beginning?"
"Of course. This Fog-Summoning Venerable's original name is the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower. It is just a demonic plant. But its spatial illusions are indeed unique," 9527 said.
"Then why didn't you tell me earlier?" Luo Zheng asked.
9527 continued to chuckle and said, "I'm just letting you experience the malice of the Mother World. This place is not like God's Domain. The environment of the Mother World is much crueler and worse. Dangers like this can be found everywhere."
Luo Zheng held back for a long time. Finally, he rolled his eyes and spat out two words. "Idiot!"
But 9527 was right about one thing. After all, the divine realm was a world built by Chiyou for Jiuli. So the most dangerous places in the divine realm were concentrated in the forbidden areas. The threats outside the forbidden areas were not great. There were almost no ferocious creatures.
The Mother World was much crueler than the Divine Realm. There were no forbidden areas here, but everywhere was forbidden.
Although Luo Zheng had been led around in circles by the Sand Nation people, he still had a rough understanding of the Scarlet Sun Wasteland. Magic Flute's words were half true and half false, but the direction he identified should be correct.
After confirming the direction, Luo Zheng flew towards the north with the flute.
After a while, Luo Zheng once again entered the sandstorm.
When he was caught up in the sandstorm, he was sure that he had fallen into another spatial illusion, presumably created by another Arabian demonic flower.
Luo Zheng placed the flute near his mouth and gently blew it. As the melodious sound of the flute spread out, the yellow sand that was sweeping towards them immediately moved to the sides.
This flute truly could easily break through spatial illusions. In other words, the Arabian demonic flower wanted the Sand Nation people to help it attract prey, so it would naturally yield to the sound of the flute. This was a tacit understanding between the Sand Nation people and the Arabian demonic flower.
Luo Zheng could also directly find the Arabian demonic flower in this spatial illusion and crush it, but there were countless Arabian demonic flowers in the Scarlet Sun Wasteland, and he didn't have the time to get rid of them one by one.
As Luo Zheng flew over with the flute, he saw a black-clothed woman lying on a distant sand dune.
As Luo Zheng got closer, he saw that the woman's leg was injured.
The black-clothed woman had probably sensed Luo Zheng's existence. Beneath her long eyelashes, her lovely eyes looked up. Just when she was about to call for help, she noticed the flute in Luo Zheng's hand and paled.
Luo Zheng stared at the black-clothed woman and sneered. The Profound Lightning Dao in his hand began to gather, and a bolt of lightning began to gather.
When the woman in black saw this, her face turned pale. She suddenly got up from the sand dune and ran away in a scrambling manner …
This black-clothed woman was clearly another Sand Nation person. She had been lying here to deceive the lost True God, but when she saw the flute Luo Zheng had seized, she instantly understood that this fellow could not be her prey.
Luo Zheng did not pursue the woman. He continued to play the flute as he flew through the air.
As he traveled north, Luo Zheng encountered ten-some groups of Sand Nation people. These Sand Nation people used similar methods to deceive others. They would either appear to be refugees in groups or beautiful women traveling alone.
After flying through the sandstorm for seven to eight hours, Luo Zheng finally saw a hint of green in the dusky desert. A few short green shrubs dotted the desert like stars.
As they continued to head north, there were more and more green shrubs. After crossing a clear river, the Scarlet Sun Wasteland ended here. On the other side of the river was a brown land, and in the distance, there was a huge city standing tall.
"That should be the Heaven's Wall City that Ming Wei mentioned." Luo Zheng looked at the city from the sky.
Luo Zheng did not enter the Heaven's Wall City immediately. He found a secluded place and set up an illusion array. Then, he sat cross-legged and transformed into an Inner Body Incarnation to enter the Inner World.
He had originally promised the Evil Deities that he would release the Evil Deities immediately after entering the Mother World.
However, after entering the Mother World, Luo Zheng immediately fell into the Red Sun Desert. Naturally, he could not leave the Evil Deities in that place.
The Evil Deities had been restless these few days. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would deliberately "forget" him again.
After becoming a Perfected True God, the Evil Deities had to redo the fusion of Dao energy. This was because the Dao energy that he had previously fused was not perfected.
Although he had to redo the fusion, the sequence of the fusion of Divine Dao was unchanged. The speed at which the Evil Deities redid the fusion was not slow. However, perhaps because he was restless and hoped that he could leave this world as soon as possible, or perhaps he was doing it on purpose, accidents often occurred during the fusion process.
When the perfected fusion of Dao energy exploded, the power was not ordinary. Although there was no one on the Barren Continent, a perfectly good continent was almost blown to pieces by him.
The moment Luo Zheng appeared in front of him, the eyes of the Evil Deities suddenly lit up. He suddenly stood up and stared at Luo Zheng. "I, I can go out now?"
Luo Zheng looked at the anxious look of the Evil Deities and smiled faintly. "If I don't let you out now, I'm afraid you will destroy this world!"
The Evil Deities smiled embarrassedly.
"Aren't you going to say goodbye to your family?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No need." The Evil Deities shook his head with certainty.
"Alright then, relax." Luo Zheng said as he stretched out his hand and pushed the Evil Deities.
The Evil Deities felt an invisible force choking him. Under the guidance of that force, the Evil Deities felt that he was constantly ascending, and ascending …
He flew past the blue sky and white clouds. He then flew past the nine stars and flew toward the deepest part of this world.

Chapter 2628
Entering the City
Evil God stood there and didn't move at all. He looked at the world like he was sensing something.
In fact, Luo Zheng found it hard to understand Evil Deities' feelings. This new world was a new starting point for Evil Deities.
"There's a desert over there, and there's a huge city. Where is this?" Evil Deities asked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng blinked, then shook his head. "To be honest, I'm not sure."
"You're not sure?" Evil Deities didn't believe him.
Luo Zheng found it hard to explain the connection between the Mother World, the Divine Realm, the universe, and the Chaos. He said, "Yes, because like you, this is the first time I've set foot in this world. You can call it the Mother World, and it's also the largest world!"
"Is there another world outside this one?" Evil Deities asked again.
"It's the Chaos," Luo Zheng said.
Evil Deities thought for a while, then asked, "Is there another world outside the Chaos?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, shook his head, and said, "I don't know."
This question seemed simple, but it was probably related to philosophy. At least, Luo Zheng's understanding of the world was still limited to the Chaos.
Evil Deities didn't get an answer from Luo Zheng, but he didn't look disappointed. After all, his biggest wish was finally fulfilled. He had left Luo Zheng's Inner World.
"In that case, leave this question to me! Let's part ways here! " Evil Deities smiled, then bowed respectfully to Luo Zheng. He couldn't wait to get away from Luo Zheng.
Wisps of Spiritual Wind and Dark Thunder Taoist Connotation spread out from his body. These two Taoist Connotations softened each other and formed a unique Extra-Dao Magic, which was the Wind and Thunder Escape Method created by the Evil God himself.
Whoosh!
With the support of this escape technique, the Evil Deities flew along the river and disappeared in front of Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye.
On the surface, he maintained a respectful attitude towards Luo Zheng, but in his heart, he was extremely disgusted. With his personality, if not for the fact that the world within his body had turned into a "Spirit Hosting Ground" and was still restricted by Luo Zheng, he might have already attacked Luo Zheng just now!
"You avoided the Chiyang Desert and didn't want to go to Heaven's Wall City. Instead, you went with the flow. That's smart of you." Luo Zheng looked at the disappearing silhouette of the Evil Deities and said faintly, "I wonder if we will meet again …"
Luo Zheng was very clear about Evil Deities. Such a person would never know his place, and with his talent, he would eventually make his voice heard in the mother world.
After standing in place for a while, Luo Zheng turned around and headed for the Heaven's Wall City.
The Heaven's Wall City was different from the Heaven's Wall City in the mother world. Because those Heaven's Wall City had the protection of the stone slab, it had become a precious resource. If one wanted to enter a Heaven's Wall City, they had to pay Shenwu coins.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the city gate, he saw an endless stream of God citizens at the gate.
Among these God citizens, there were some Divine Sea Realm, Extreme Divine Realm, and Divine Transformation Realm martial artists. In addition, there were a few True Gods mixed in.
Luo Zheng didn't hide his strength. In an unfamiliar environment, hiding one's cultivation was often more dangerous. If some experts saw through it, it would arouse suspicion and jealousy.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng followed the other God citizens into the Heaven's Wall City.
In the instant that Luo Zheng entered the city, he felt several divine senses sweep past him. Judging from the strength of these divine senses, the souls of the people who had released the divine senses should have already stepped into the Yang Soul Tier. In other words, their cultivation level was at least that of a Consummate True God.
Luo Zheng couldn't figure out the origin of these divine senses, so he pretended that he didn't know. He strolled along the streets of the Heaven's Wall City, looking around.
If Ming Wei and the others had shaken off the white-robed man's pursuit, they should have reached the Heaven's Wall City by now. He wondered if Ming Wei, Chi Yi, and the others had left behind some special mark or method of communication.
But Luo Zheng quickly rejected this idea. There were too many God citizens in the Heaven's Wall City. The buildings in the entire city were like scales of scales. Even the Central God City in the Divine Domain couldn't compare.
It looked like he had to stay in the Heaven's Wall City for a while. At the very least, he needed to find a channel to gather some information.
But if there was no news of Ming Wei and the others, he couldn't possibly stay in the Heaven's Wall City forever.
Just as Luo Zheng was vexed, a faint voice floated into Luo Zheng's ears. "Friend, why have you come to the Heaven's Wall City?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He glanced around and saw a long-haired youth sitting on the second floor of a building a few hundred feet away. This long-haired youth actually had the cultivation of Great Perfection.
This was the first Great Perfection that Luo Zheng had discovered in his mother world.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, there were many experts in his mother world. Even an existence like Ming Wei couldn't be considered the top.
There were probably as many Great Perfection True Gods as there were dogs. The situation in the Heaven's Wall City seemed to be poles apart from what he had imagined.
"I'm just passing by," Luo Zheng's lips moved slightly and he transmitted his voice using Qi.
The long-haired youth revealed a smile of disbelief and said to Luo Zheng, "Whether you're passing by or not, please come up and have a seat!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. With a light sweep of his body, he went up the building and sat opposite the long-haired youth.
"My name is Lai Huabei. How should I address you?" The long-haired youth cupped his hands politely at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately returned the greeting. "Luo Zheng."
Lai Huabei was slightly stunned. "The surname Luo? That's rare … "
Although the culture of the God Realm was inherited from the mother world, there were still differences. Many families in the God Realm had surnames that were naturally born. Therefore, the surname Luo was very common in the God Realm, but it was extremely rare in the mother world. At least, this was the first time Lai Huabei had heard of it.
"May I know why you're looking for me?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lai Huabei smiled faintly. "There are very few Great Perfection True Gods in the Heaven's Wall City. Since Brother Luo Zheng has entered the city, there will naturally be people who will come in contact with you. I'm just the first one."
Luo Zheng's expression was slightly surprised. According to Lai Huabei's words, a Great Perfection True God like him was in high demand in the Heaven's Wall City?
Thinking of the divine senses that had swept over him when he entered the city, he believed it a little.
Luo Zheng said, "I'm just passing by the Heaven's Wall City. I have no intention of staying here for long and have no intention of joining the forces here."
Before Lai Huabei could open his mouth to invite him, Luo Zheng had rejected him directly. There was a flash of disappointment on his face.
During this period of time, the Heaven's Wall City wasn't peaceful. If he could rope in the help of a Great Perfection True God, it would be very important to Lai Huabei.
Just then, Luo Zheng continued to speak, "However, I have something that I would like to inquire about."
Hearing that Luo Zheng wanted to inquire about something, Lai Huabei was instantly interested. "I wonder what Brother Luo Zheng wants to inquire about?"

Chapter 2629
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Rat Alliance
Heaven's Wall City was the first major city after entering the Triad Pass.
Some caravans would rest in Heaven's Wall City after bypassing it, so Nirvana Realm experts weren't rare.
Lai Huabei didn't know why Luo Zheng asked such a question, so he replied, "Large caravans arrive at the East Port of Heaven's Wall City every day. Those caravans have Nirvana Realm experts overseeing them, so Heaven's Wall City naturally has Nirvana Realm experts entering. Brother Luo Zheng, are you looking for someone?"
Luo Zheng said, "I'm looking for a Nirvana Realm woman."
Then, he gave a rough description of Ming Wei's attire and appearance.
Lai Huabei shook his head. "I haven't seen her before."
Luo Zheng wasn't surprised. Ming Wei was the strongest person in the group, so she would definitely receive the attention of the white-clothed man.
Even if Ming Wei was lucky enough to escape, she wouldn't expose her identity so easily. Now, looking for Ming Wei like this was like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Luo Zheng nodded and immediately got up to leave.
"I don't know, but the Rat Alliance might. If Brother Luo Zheng wants to buy information from the Rat Alliance, I can bring Brother Luo Zheng there," Lai Huabei added.
"Rat Alliance? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Lai Huabei looked surprised. "Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't even heard of the Rat Alliance?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. He really didn't know what the Rat Alliance was.
"Then it's definitely worth a trip, Brother Luo Zheng. There's probably no information in this world that the Rat Alliance doesn't know. However, information about the Rat Alliance requires divine crystals. I wonder if Brother Luo Zheng has enough on hand?" Lai Huabei asked again.
Hearing Lai Huabei mention divine crystals, Luo Zheng immediately asked, "How many divine crystals does it cost to find someone from the Rat Alliance?"
"At least one divine crystal," Lai Huabei replied, but there was some hesitation in his eyes.
When he saw that Luo Zheng didn't even know about the "Rat Alliance" and that Heaven's Wall City was very close to the Tri-Layer Pass, he suspected that Luo Zheng came from a remote area outside of the motherworld. People who came from remote areas were usually very poor and couldn't possibly take out so many divine crystals.
Lai Huabei wanted to rope in Luo Zheng. He was wondering if he should help Luo Zheng pay this sum of divine crystals. However, one divine crystal was a huge sum to Lai Huabei. Naturally, he was hesitant.
"One divine crystal?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
He had no concept of the value of divine crystals, but he had obtained Chiyou's legacy in the God's Domain. On this trip to the mother world, he had taken away almost half of the divine crystals. One divine crystal was too cheap for Luo Zheng.
Lai Huabei misunderstood and thought that Luo Zheng was frightened.
He thought that one divine crystal would be worth it if he could rope in Luo Zheng. After all, he was really short on manpower this time. He clenched his teeth and said, "Information from the Rat Alliance isn't cheap. If Brother Luo Zheng can't afford this price, I can help!"
Seeing Lai Huabei's pained expression, Luo Zheng was slightly amused. However, Lai Huabei had good intentions.
One divine crystal was considered expensive to a Perfected True God. This person was willing to help him when they had just met. Of course, he wanted to rope him in, but it was rare for him to do something like this.
"I won't trouble you. Although one divine crystal for information is a little expensive, I can still afford it. However, please lead the way," Luo Zheng said.
Lai Huabei looked at Luo Zheng suspiciously. He wondered if Luo Zheng could take out one divine crystal. However, he still led Luo Zheng out of the building.
"Who created the Rat Alliance? Can any information be bought?" Luo Zheng asked.
Just the Red Sun Desert and the surrounding area were very vast. The information Luo Zheng needed was almost nothing special. Luo Zheng was still skeptical that he could obtain the information he needed from the Rat Alliance.
However, Lai Huabei was very confident. "Since Brother Luo Zheng has never heard of the Rat Alliance, you naturally don't know how amazing it is. They really know everything. Brother Luo Zheng, you will understand in a while."
The two of them traveled through Heaven's Wall City. In half an hour, they had traveled through more than half of the city and arrived at the east side of Heaven's Wall City.
The streets on the east side of Heaven's Wall City became even more spacious. However, there were fewer people on the streets. Soon, the two of them stopped in front of an empty house. Two guards stood at the entrance of the house. The cultivation levels of the guards were also Perfected True Gods.
However, their attire was somewhat strange. Their entire bodies were wrapped in dark-colored robes. Moreover, the robes seemed to have the effect of blocking divine senses, preventing others from using divine senses to spy on them.
"This is the Rat Alliance. Brother Luo Zheng, you can enter by yourself. The Rat Alliance has many rules. I can only wait outside," said Lai Huabei.
Luo Zheng walked towards the house. One of the guards took the initiative to welcome him and asked, "Are you looking for someone or something?"
When he heard the guard's voice, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. The voice was very shrill. It didn't sound like a human's voice.
"I'm looking for someone," replied Luo Zheng.
"Do you know the rules?" asked the guard.
"I don't," said Luo Zheng.
"Once the information of the Rat Alliance is sold, it is not refundable. Furthermore, you cannot tell anyone that you obtained the information from us. If you violate the rules, you will be on the Rat Alliance's wanted list," continued the guard in his shrill voice.
These rules …
After pondering for a moment, Luo Zheng quickly understood.
No matter where it was, there was a great deal of taboo information. The Rat Alliance's information was likely to be quite risky. If the information was leaked and angered some experts, they might take their anger out on the Rat Alliance. That was why the Rat Alliance had set up such rules.
"Are you willing to abide by the rules?" asked the guard.
Luo Zheng raised his head and nodded. "Of course I'm willing …"
Halfway through his sentence, he suddenly saw the guard's true appearance through the gap in his robes. His heart was suddenly shocked.
This guard had a sharp mouth, and his eyes were the size of soybeans. His face was covered in a layer of dust!
How was he human? It was just like a rat!
The guard also noticed Luo Zheng's shock. He tightened his gray robes and said in a shrill voice, "Go in! Turn left and walk to the end. You'll be able to obtain information! "
These two guards were clearly rat-shaped Vicious Beasts!
If this were in the divine realm, Luo Zheng would have already killed them. However, this was his homeworld. There were many things that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. In the end, he restrained his killing intent.
No wonder they were called the Rat Alliance. This Rat Alliance was probably a faction formed by rats.
As he thought about it, Luo Zheng entered the house.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
After entering the house, Luo Zheng heard rats roaming around the house. These rats were of different shapes and sizes. They were all running around the house.
Luo Zheng followed the guard's instructions and walked around. When he reached the end, he saw a white curtain.
As he approached, he heard a shrill voice from behind the curtain. "Come in!"
Was there another rat-shaped Vicious Beast inside?

Chapter 2630
Inside the Eared Mouse
Just as Luo Zheng had thought, what was behind the curtain was not a person, but a mouse.
This mouse was taller than a person and was seated cross-legged on the floor. A massive formation had been drawn on the floor of the room, and it was sitting in the very center of the formation.
"You seem to be hostile toward me?" This mouse seemed to be able to see through Luo Zheng's thoughts.
Luo Zheng was surprised, but he soon replied, "It's just that I'm not used to facing Savage Beasts …"
There were also people in the Divine Realm who raised Savage Beasts, and there were even quite a few contracted beasts in the universe. However, Savage Beasts were still Savage Beasts. They usually only interacted with their masters and could not integrate into human society.
But the situation in the mother world was somewhat different. These Savage Beasts had completely independent identities and lived peacefully with humans?
In the Scarlet Sun Desolate Wood, Luo Zheng had seen the Sand Nation colluding with the Arabian demonic flower and had reprimanded them, taking it as a disgrace. Now, it seemed that this situation was normal in the mother world.
The mouse did not seem to care about Luo Zheng's attitude. It asked, "I heard that you're looking for someone?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"What's that person's cultivation level? What appearance? When and where did she appear? The more detailed you are, the easier it will be for me to find her, "it said.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then replied, "Three days ago, she entered the Third Layer Pass from the Primal Chaos. As for whether or not she passed through the Scarlet Sun Desert, I'm not sure. She's a Paramita Realm expert …"
Luo Zheng originally did not want to reveal too much information about Ming Wei. If this Rat Alliance had some sort of relationship with the Xuanyuan Guard, it would be troublesome.
But on second thought, the Xuanyuan Guard was even stronger than Ming Wei, so he probably did not have any sort of relationship with the remote Heaven's Wall City. He could only tell it everything he knew.
After listening to Luo Zheng's explanation, the rat nodded.
Then, it lightly waved its two claws, and the two large ears on its head perked up.
These ears were several times larger than its head, making the mouse look extremely strange. How was this a mouse? It was clearly a rabbit …
Buzz!
At the same time, the array on the floor of the room was activated, and Luo Zheng felt a powerful Divine Sense pouring into the array. After the mouse entered a meditative state, its soybean-sized eyes closed, and it actually entered a meditative state.
"I didn't expect the Ear Mouse clan to develop so quickly. Even in such a remote city, there are traces of them. Hehe …" 9527 suddenly transmitted a consciousness.
"Ear Rat Clan? Do these rats belong to this race? "Luo Zheng asked.
9527 smiled faintly and said, "That's right. The other rats in this house are just ordinary ferocious rats. Only some of them can transform, and some of them don't even have intelligence. They are not the Ear Rats. The only Ear Rat here is the one in front of us."
"Can they coexist peacefully with humans?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Although Luo Zheng had told Ming Wei and the others some information about the Mother World on the way to the Mother World, the Mother World was so huge that it was difficult to answer all the questions that were involved. Luo Zheng could only rely on himself to experience it.
"What's so strange about that? The Mother World doesn't only have humans. If you go to the Ear Rat Clan's city, won't you be an alien in their eyes? "9527 said calmly.
Even the Chaos Ancient Gods "Ji" and "Ruin" were not humans. Even Nuwa herself could not be considered a human.
The concept of humans was established by Nuwa after she created the Cultivation Method of the Big World.
"The Ear Rat Clan's eyes and ears are all over the Mother World. They can communicate with their own kind. It is difficult to hide any information in this world from their eyes and ears. You were right to ask them for information about Ming Wei," 9527 said.
Although 9527 said so, Luo Zheng was still not used to it. After all, he had always respected humans since he was young. It was difficult for him to put those ferocious beasts on the same level as humans.
"Buzz …"
The light emitted by the formation on the floor of the room became brighter and brighter. Luo Zheng could feel countless tiny consciousnesses from the formation.
The owner of each consciousness was a rat. These rats were distributed in the desert, the wilderness, the forest, and the town. They were almost everywhere. They continuously passed on what they saw, heard, and knew to the Ear Rat.
Not long after, the light of the formation gradually faded. The Ear Rat immediately opened its eyes. It glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "I have found the person you are looking for."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of joy, "Where is she? Is she still alive? "
The Ear Rat calmly pushed a porcelain plate over and said, "This information is not cheap. It costs twenty divine gems. If you are willing to buy it, put the divine gems in the plate and I will tell you."
"Twenty divine gems?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Divine gems were not a problem for Luo Zheng, but Lai Huabei told him that he only needed one divine gem. Now that the price had suddenly increased by twenty times, it was naturally difficult for him to accept.
"There are different levels of information. Some important information can be bought for twenty divine crystals, or even twenty thousand divine crystals. We of the Ear Mouse Clan use our ears to listen to the world. Naturally, we can determine the value of information. If you don't want to buy it, then please leave." The Ear Mouse was used to this sort of thing.
Luo Zheng was somewhat helpless. He could only curl his lips. He raised his right hand and pointed it at the porcelain plate. He gently pulled on his Sumeru Ring. Sparkling and translucent divine gems fell onto the porcelain plate.
The Ear Rat casually fiddled with the porcelain plate to the side. He stretched out his sharp claws and lightly swiped at the formation on the floor. An illusion enveloped Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng saw Ming Wei and Chi Yi standing side by side. They were flying close to the ground.
Looking at the environment, it did not seem to be the Scarlet Sun Desert, but a plain.
"Where is this?" Luo Zheng stared at Ming Wei in the illusion and asked.
"Green Brocade Plains, two million kilometers away from Heaven's Wall City," the Ear Rat said in a shrill voice. "These two are not from the Xuan Yuan Guard, but they actually possess the Great Moonlight Slaughtering Formation. This is quite interesting …"
The illusion only lasted for a breath's time before it disappeared. Luo Zheng asked somewhat anxiously, "Is that all?"
He saw that Ming Wei and the others had activated the Great Moonlight Slaughtering Formation as they fled. They probably had not shaken off the white-clothed man's pursuit.
"Of course not. What you saw was just a scene projected by a rat." As the Ear Rat spoke, he once again stretched out his sharp claws and lightly swiped at the formation.
Soon, another scene appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng saw a dazzling blue light in the image. The white-clothed man had already caught up and was heading straight for Ming Wei and Chi Yi.

Chapter 2631
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Rules
These images were not continuous. Instead, they were separated into segments.
After Chi Yi was pierced by the man in white, the images disappeared again.
Luo Zheng was concerned about Chi Yi's life and death. He glared at the Ear Mouse fiercely. The Ear Mouse said calmly, "Twenty divine gems can only see this much. If you want to continue watching, you will have to pay more."
Rats were indeed cunning …
Luo Zheng suppressed the anger in his heart and asked in a low voice, "How many divine gems?"
"A hundred." The Ear Mouse's eyes revealed a hint of cunning.
Although Luo Zheng had a lot of divine gems, the Ear Mouse was obviously using his mentality to blackmail him.
If this was in the divine territory, Luo Zheng would probably teach him a lesson.
Luo Zheng had just stepped into the mother world and did not have any foundation. Moreover, even 9527 had heard of the "Ear Mouse Clan". This meant that the clan's influence in the mother world was not small. It was not an existence he could provoke.
Therefore, he could only suppress his anger and said, "Can I buy this complete information with a hundred divine gems?"
If this guy used the same trick again, Luo Zheng could not do anything about it.
The Ear Mouse squeaked and said, "A hundred divine gems is naturally enough."
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. With a light toss of his hand, a hundred Divine Crystals flew out from his hand and landed on the huge porcelain plate. They were neatly stacked together.
After the Ear Mouse succeeded, he stretched out his claw and lightly swiped on the magic circle. The images continued …
The moment Chi Yi was hit by the man in white, Ming Wei had already dragged Chi Yi out.
This sword did not take Chi Yi's life, but blood was spilled all over the ground.
At the same time, colorful halos spread out from Ming Wei's body. There were hundreds of halos!
Luo Zheng had never seen Ming Wei being able to find so many halos in an instant. However, after thinking for a while, he understood. A Nirvana Realm expert like Ming Wei needed Divine Gems in order to maximize her strength. Previously, Ming Wei didn't even have a single piece of Divine Gem.
On the way to the Divine Territory, Luo Zheng gave every Nirvana Realm powerhouse several hundred Divine Crystals. Ming Wei was probably going all out at this moment.
Those rainbow-colored halos contained heavy killing intent, and when they connected, they formed a huge maze that enveloped the white-robed man.
The white robed man took less than a breath's time to break through the rainbow maze, but by this time, Ming Wei had already escaped with Chi Yi.
It was unknown what method Ming Wei used, but the white-clothed man circled around a few times, seemingly unable to track down the direction of Ming Wei's greater teleportation. He actually gave up on the chase.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng heaved a deep sigh of relief.
Chi Yi was still alive. Ming Wei was still alive. This was the best news for him!
"The two of them have indeed escaped. Do you want to buy any other information?" Ear Mouse stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "For example, the identity of the white-clothed man. Fifty Divine Gems …"
Before Ear Mouse could finish his sentence, Luo Zheng threw out another fifty Divine Gems.
Ear Mouse was probably shocked by Luo Zheng's straightforwardness. After all, it was very difficult for a Perfect True God to fork out three to five Divine Gems. Luo Zheng had already paid almost two hundred Divine Gems.
"The white-clothed man's name is Heyin. He is from the You Xiong Clan and is from Tianshou Pavilion. He is ranked in the bottom three thousand in Tianshou Pavilion, but he is also an extremely outstanding person. He is good at using a broadsword. His Nirvana Realm Token is …" Ear Mouse told Luo Zheng the detailed information about Heyin.
After listening to Ear Mouse, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. The Rat Alliance was truly impressive. They were so familiar with this information. It was as though there were no secrets in the Rat Alliance. Luo Zheng asked, "According to what I know, the You Xiong Clan is also a large clan in the Mother World. Isn't the Rat Alliance afraid of the Xuan Yuan Guards taking revenge by collecting this information?"
Revealing such information and secrets to others was a huge taboo. The other large clans wouldn't allow the Rat Alliance to do so.
"Take revenge on the Rat Alliance?" Ear Mouse's eyes revealed a trace of contempt. "They don't have the ability to do so. Zhi Zhi!"
The Rat Alliance was spread across the various continents in the Mother World. They must have their own way of survival. Although the other large clans were troubled by the Rat Alliance, for some reason, they couldn't do anything to the Rat Alliance.
No matter what, Luo Zheng spent the Divine Gems to buy some peace of mind. He cupped his hands at Ear Mouse and was about to leave.
But just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, Ear Mouse said, "Young Master, you should remember the Rat Alliance's rules, right? You cannot reveal a single word of our information to outsiders. If you break the rules, you will be hunted down by the Rat Alliance. I hope you will remember this, Young Master! "
Luo Zheng nodded and left.
Although the Rat Alliance was greedy for wealth, they also attached great importance to their rules.
Luo Zheng had been so generous just now, so he definitely had more Divine Gems on him. However, Ear Mouse wouldn't use his influence to steal from others.
Correspondingly, Luo Zheng had to abide by their rules. This was their way of survival.
After leaving the Rat Alliance's residence, Lai Huabei, who had been waiting outside, came forward to welcome him.
"Brother Luo Zheng, did you manage to find out any useful information?" Lai Huabei asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
"That's great. There really isn't any information that the Rat Alliance doesn't know. Hehe!" Lai Huabei laughed. "What do you plan to do next, Brother Luo Zheng?"
When Lai Huabei contacted Luo Zheng, he definitely wanted to rope in Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng had rejected him, so Lai Huabei couldn't ask him directly. He could only beat around the bush.
"I plan to …"
Before, Luo Zheng had been worried about his sister's safety.
Now that he knew that Ming Wei had safely escaped, he calmed down. For a moment, he didn't know how to answer.
According to the plan in the Divine Domain, Chi You should have already made arrangements for his next move. However, Chi You hadn't personally told Luo Zheng about it. Instead, he had reached some sort of agreement with 9527.
Luo Zheng's next step should be to find 9527 for an answer.
However, he knew too little about his homeworld. It would be best if he stayed in Heaven's Wall City and gained a basic understanding of his homeworld.
"If Brother Luo Zheng doesn't have anywhere to go, I can make some arrangements. As long as Brother Luo Zheng doesn't mind, it's fine," Lai Huabei said.
Although he had only just met Lai Huabei, he knew that Lai Huabei wasn't a treacherous and cunning person. In the end, he had helped him by finding the Rat Alliance.
It was difficult to refuse such kindness. This time, Luo Zheng didn't refuse.
Under Lai Huabei's guidance, Luo Zheng passed through half of Heaven's Wall City and stayed in a residence in the city.

Chapter 2632
Dao Sword Palace
After entering the Three Stacks Pass, from the Scarlet Sun Desert to the Heaven's Wall City and then to the Green Brocade Plains, they all belonged to the Tiandu Region.
The Tiandu Region was extremely vast, and the Heaven's Wall City was only a springboard to other cities. Those large merchant groups were only using it as a springboard. All the giant flying ships would simply resupply in the Heaven's Wall City before quickly leaving for their next destination.
After staying in the Heaven's Wall City for a few days, Luo Zheng gradually gained a general understanding of the place.
"From what Brother Huabei said, it seems to take a lot of effort to travel from one region to another?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lai Huabei nodded, "Of course. The Mother World claims to be a complete world, but in reality, it's a region and a world. Most people, even those True Gods, find it difficult to cross a large region!"
Luo Zheng originally thought that the Mother World was the same as the Divine Territory and was a complete world. However, after listening to Lai Huabei, he was wrong.
In comparison, the Mother World's layout was somewhat similar to the Upper-Class World.
A region was equivalent to an independent world, and the regions were actually separated from each other.
"I wonder which region the famous Li Mountain is in? Is it far from here? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Li Mountain …" Lai Huabei's eyes revealed a strange expression, "Li Mountain is in the Daluo Dao Region. It's naturally very far from our Tiandu Region. Could it be that Brother Luo Zheng still wants to go to Li Mountain?"
After interacting with Luo Zheng for a few days, Lai Huabei had already determined that Luo Zheng came from outside the Mother World. After all, Luo Zheng seemed to lack a lot of basic knowledge.
Luo Zheng shook his head. He would eventually go to Li Mountain, but not now.
Lai Huabei continued, "Ordinary Perfect True Gods like us don't have the qualifications to travel between regions unless we can join a region level sect. Only then will we have the qualifications."
"Region level sect? Is Li Mountain considered a region level sect? "Luo Zheng asked.
Lai Huabei smiled and shook his head, "Li Mountain definitely isn't. To us True Gods, an existence like Li Mountain is a legendary great power! The region level sect I'm talking about is a great power that controls a region. For example, the Dao Sword Palace! "
At this point, Lai Huabei's eyes revealed a trace of yearning.
"You said that a province level sect controls a province. Could it be that the Tiandu Province is controlled by the Dao Sword Palace?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Because of the Tri-Layered Pass, the Tiandu Province is the exit to the Mother World. It is not allowed to be controlled by any sect. This Dao Sword Palace is in charge of the Seven Stars Province next to the Tiandu Province," Lai Huabei continued.
"Then, how do I join the Dao Sword Palace?" Luo Zheng asked.
Seeing Luo Zheng's interest in the Dao Sword Palace, Lai Huabei's eyes glinted slightly.
Lai Huabei was a Consummate True God. Although his abilities were slightly weaker, as someone from the Mother World, his vision was still very sharp. Luo Zheng was also a Consummate True God like him, but the True Meaning of Dao faintly transmitted to him showed that he had already entered the Sea of True Meaning.
He intended to rope in Luo Zheng. Naturally, it was also because he was interested in Luo Zheng's abilities.
"To be honest, my lifelong wish is to join the Dao Sword Palace. However, it is still too difficult for the people from the Tiandu Province to join the Dao Sword Palace. Every year, the Dao Sword Palace will give out a quota in the Tiandu Province. However, it is basically impossible for the quota to be allocated to the Heaven's Wall City. However, a month ago, I received a piece of news," Lai Huabei said with a serious face, "In the west of the Green Brocade Plain, there was a Tian Luo Guard from the Dao Sword Palace who died in one of the caves. If one were to obtain the Tian Luo Guard's tomb, he would be qualified to join the Dao Sword Palace."
"As you already know about this piece of news, you should have taken action?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Lai Huabei revealed a bitter smile, "Of course I did. Half a month ago, I invited a few other Consummate True Gods from the Heaven's Wall City to head over. I didn't expect to encounter quite a bit of trouble in the cave. It turned out that the Tian Luo Guard had turned into the evil spirit of the tomb and a Consummate True God had died in the hands of the evil spirit …"
"Since Brother Huabei mentioned this matter now, do you want me to make a trip there?" Luo Zheng asked in reply.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that Lai Huabei had a motive for looking for him, but he couldn't guess what it was about.
Lai Huabei nodded, "Although Brother Luo Zheng didn't display your abilities, I can see that you have already stepped into the Sea of Truth. Your Sun Soul should be far more valiant than a Consummate True God like me. You should be able to subdue the evil spirit of the tomb …"
As a Consummate True God, although Lai Huabei also possessed a Sun Soul, he hadn't stepped into the Sea of Truth. His Sun Soul hadn't been tested by the Sea of Truth. There was still a huge gap between his Sun Soul and Luo Zheng's.
After Luo Zheng pondered for a while, he nodded slightly, "If so, I can go with you."
Although this wasn't the Origin World, as long as he didn't encounter any Nirvana Realm experts, with Luo Zheng's current abilities, he should be able to protect himself.
Hearing this, Lai Huabei instantly revealed a joyful expression, "If so, I will gather a few more brothers and set off tomorrow!"
Early the next morning, Lai Huabei led Luo Zheng to the entrance of Heaven's Wall City.
Just as Lai Huabei had said, there were already three Consummate True Gods gathered at the entrance of the city. The three of them looked very young, but Luo Zheng could also see that their bone ages were basically two to five thousand years old.
These Consummate True Gods were the same as Lai Huabei, they hadn't stepped into the Sea of Truth.
After Lai Huabei made the introductions, he asked one of them, "Why hasn't Nomad arrived yet?"
One of them sighed and said, "The last time you brought Nomad there, Nomad has been thinking about it. I don't know what benefits he promised, but he revealed this information to some people at the port. I heard that a few people set off with Nomad yesterday!"
Hearing this, Lai Huabei's expression changed greatly, "He … How could Nomad do that!"
"The people he found were the guards of the caravans who were resting in Heaven's Wall City. Naturally, they weren't weak. Even if they really got the tomb of the Tian Luo Guard, I'm afraid it wouldn't fall into Nomad's hands," that person sighed.
"Then let's set off now!" Lai Huabei was also anxious.
Joining Dao Sword Palace was these people's dream. Otherwise, they would be limited to Consummate True God for their whole lives and wouldn't be able to make a name for themselves. They didn't even dare to think about stepping into the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng didn't say much. Nomad should be one of Lai Huabei's good friends. It was very common for him to betray his friends for benefits.
However, he also understood that if there were other people involved, it wouldn't be so simple to explore the cave of the Tian Luo Guard.
Under Lai Huabei's lead, a group of five Consummate True Gods, including Luo Zheng, flew toward the west of Heaven's Wall City.
After flying for half a day in the boundless desert, a green grassland appeared in front of Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2633
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Obstructer
After entering the Green Brocade Plain, Lai Huabei had a gray compass in his hand.
He patted the compass lightly, and it began to spin.
The Green Brocade Plain, as its name suggested, was like a piece of green brocade. There was no point of reference and it was hard to distinguish directions.
Lai Huabei was from the Heaven's Wall City after all. With the help of the compass, he could easily find the way to the cave.
After an hour, Lai Huabei stopped in the middle of the plain.
Luo Zheng used his consciousness to explore and felt that there was a small depression under the grass. He released his consciousness along the depression and felt that there was a cave inside.
"Let's go down!"
Lai Huabei looked like he was in a hurry.
He knew that his friend was going to get there first, so he was naturally very anxious.
After saying that, he shot down quickly. Luo Zheng and the other three Perfect Real Gods followed closely behind.
The cave below the plain was not wide and could only allow one person to enter. The five of them went down in a single file and crawled down the narrow cave.
After moving down for a few hundred feet, the bottom suddenly opened up. It was an open karst cave.
After entering the karst cave, Lai Huabei used the compass to determine the direction and said, "Follow me, it's over there …"
After taking a few steps along a path in the karst cave, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped and frowned.
Lai Huabei, who was in front, saw this and turned his head to ask, "Brother Luo Zheng, what's wrong?"
The few Perfect Real Gods behind Luo Zheng also had strange expressions.
"Didn't you sense it with your consciousness? Some things are crawling over, "Luo Zheng said.
When Perfect Real Gods like them were exploring an unfamiliar place, they would be very alert and spread out their consciousness. Luo Zheng did so, so did Lai Huabei and the others.
Consciousness was another pair of eyes for them.
"I didn't sense it!"
"Where is it?"
The few of them looked in all directions and their faces were full of vigilance.
Lai Huabei's face was also not good. He said, "Could it be that they are hiding their figures?"
"Should be."
In Luo Zheng's spiritual perception, the figures of those things were very vague, like gray threads of grass snakes.
When Luo Zheng and the others stopped, those things also stopped moving forward. After hiding, even Luo Zheng couldn't detect them.
"Brother Huabei, please continue to lead the way," Luo Zheng said.
The group of five continued to advance into the depths of the cave. Just as Luo Zheng took a step forward, he felt that trace of movement again.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He just followed Lai Huabei silently.
After moving a few hundred feet deeper into the cave, Luo Zheng sensed that the speed of those things suddenly increased. At the same time, a series of rustling noises could be heard as they quickly surrounded them.
This time, not only did Luo Zheng sense it, but Lai Huabei and the other Perfect Real Gods also sensed it.
What was strange was that although they heard the sounds of many things crawling, the cave was still empty. Whether it was visually or with their Divine Sense, they couldn't find anything.
"What the hell is this?!"
"Don't move. We can't see those things!"
Seeing how nervous Lai Huabei and the others were, Luo Zheng pursed his lips.
Although they were the natives of the Mother World, their temperament was too bad. When they encountered such a small trouble, they were all out of their wits.
At this moment, a voice came from the depths of the cave. "It's best not to move!"
As the voice fell, a light green shadow gently appeared. It was a young man who looked to be about twenty-six or twenty-seven years old. He leaned against a corner of the wall and spoke faintly.
After Luo Zheng saw this young man, his eyebrows raised slightly.
This young man was also a Perfect Real God, but he had already comprehended the True Meaning of Dao. This concealment remarkable ability was executed by using the True Meaning of Dao.
Luo Zheng could also use the True Meaning of Dao to conceal himself, but Luo Zheng's concealment technique relied on the laws of Dao itself. Naturally, it wasn't as good as this young man's …
The young man gently waved his hand, and grain-sized green light spots began to appear around the cave. However, after the green light dispersed, what was revealed were grain-sized ants!
"Interesting. No wonder these ants can avoid the detection of my divine sense. It's also because of the True Meaning of Dao." As Luo Zheng observed, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly.
Although Luo Zheng could still remain calm, Lai Huabei and the others were having a harder time.
When they saw the black ants, their expressions changed greatly.
"Poison Chelating Army Ants! What are you doing! "A Perfect Real God's face was full of fear.
The Poison Chelating Army Ant was a very famous poisonous insect in the Tiandu State. Even if one was at the True God Realm, as long as one was bitten by the Poison Chelating Army Ant, the poison would spread all over the body in one breath. If one was bitten by the Poison Chelating Army Ant, one's physical body would rot in the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, and one would die very miserably.
Therefore, someone once said that if one was bitten by the Poison Chelating Army Ant, one must cut off one's wrist the moment one was bitten. One breath later, one would die without a doubt. This showed how ferocious this poisonous ant was.
Now that they were surrounded by Poison Chelating Army Ants, how could they not panic?
The young man waved his hand lightly, and all the Poison Chelating Army Ants emitted a little green light and disappeared from everyone's sight again. At the same time, they heard him say, "I don't want to do anything. Nomad predicted that there would be others exploring this cave, and he just asked me to guard here. If you are sensible and leave obediently, I will pretend this never happened. If you take another step forward … the scenery in this karst cave is not bad, and it can be your burial place."
The threat in the young man's words was very strong, and his eyes were full of contempt.
"Nomad!"
Lai Huabei's eyes were full of resentment.
The few of them had similar cultivations in the Heaven's Wall City, and their relationship was also very good.
Lai Huabei had never thought that Nomad would lead outsiders here, and now he was going to block them outside. How could he not hate him?
Looking at Lai Huabei's expression, Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart. The feeling of being betrayed by a friend was indeed unpleasant.
The young man waved his hand impatiently and said, "Leave, good-for-nothings. You are not qualified to touch the burial mound of the Tianluo Guards."
The other three Perfect True Gods already had the intention to leave. Although the burial mound of the Tianluo Guards was attractive, it was not worth it to lose their lives for it.
"Lai Huabei, why don't we just go back?" one of them said.
Lai Huabei's face also revealed a look of hesitation. The helpers that Nomad had invited were far more powerful than he had expected.
Although he had also invited Luo Zheng, a Perfect True God who had stepped into the Sea of True Meaning, he was only interested in Luo Zheng's Sun Soul to be able to subdue the evil spirit in the burial mound. As for Luo Zheng's true abilities, he did not know, and at the same time, did not expect much.
Lai Huabei felt helpless. In the end, he could only nod his head in grief and indignation and accept his friend's suggestion.

Chapter 2634
Crushing the Ants
Lai Huabei didn't know why Luo Zheng would ask this question, but he was well aware of the Poison Chelating Ant's ferocious reputation.
"The Poison Chelating Ant's strength lies not only in its ability to travel alone, but also in its incredible speed and resistance to fire and water. It's very difficult to kill it with ordinary means." Lai Huabei sighed, "Brother Luo Zheng, we'll have to trouble you to accompany us on this trip. It's not worthwhile for us to lose our lives here."
Luo Zheng continued to ask, "If these Poison Chelating Ant besiege us, I wonder if Brother Huabei and the others will be able to fend them off?"
Lai Huabei glanced at Luo Zheng in astonishment, replying, "Although it's difficult for us to avoid these Poison Chelating Ant, we can still keep them outside … Brother Luo Zheng, why do you ask this question? Could it be … "
Luo Zheng's eyes had already turned to the young man not far away.
The young man continued to lean against the cave wall as he waited for the group to leave. Naturally, he heard Luo Zheng's words and a cold smile appeared on his face. "If you want to die, just ask me. I can send you off …"
As soon as the young man finished speaking, Luo Zheng's figure leapt up and flew towards him.
Seeing that Luo Zheng really dared to rush over, the young man's sneer deepened. He whistled softly and the Poison Chelating Ant hiding on the cave wall fell down like raindrops, drilling into Luo Zheng's body.
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
Seeing this, Lai Huabei was shocked and inwardly cursed Luo Zheng for being too impulsive and stupid.
Even if he really wanted to fight, he should've rushed over and restrained the young man controlling the Poison Chelating Ant. If he flew over so slowly, he would've been bitten by the Poison Chelating Ant in an instant. Wasn't this courting death?
Lai Huabei naturally didn't understand Luo Zheng's intentions.
Luo Zheng was afraid that they wouldn't be able to resist the Poison Chelating Ant. If he swaggered over, he would naturally attract most of the Poison Chelating Ant to himself.
As for the Poison Chelating Ant's strange poison? This was not something Luo Zheng was worried about.
"Da da da …"
The Poison Chelating Army Ants landed on Luo Zheng's body and pierced their jaws into Luo Zheng's skin, injecting their toxins into him.
The moment the Poison Chelating Army Ant's poison was injected into Luo Zheng's body, a pale green aura appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. In the blink of an eye, this aura covered his entire body!
"These Poisonous Chelating Army Ants can pierce through my skin. The poison is indeed transmitted very quickly …" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
However, no matter how poisonous the Chelating Poison Ants were, they could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
While flying, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook. If it had been an ordinary ant, this shake would have been enough to shatter it into dust, but this Poison Chelating Army Ant's small body was actually very sturdy. Luo Zheng only managed to shake off the ant that was clinging to his body, not shattering it.
The young man was still leaning against the cave wall, looking at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a dead man. "I've seen stupid people, but I've never seen such a stupid person. How could he court death like this …"
This young man was good at controlling all kinds of strange insects. In addition, he cultivated the True Meaning of Nature, which made it difficult for most True Gods to deal with him. Most of the time, he could kill people without leaving a trace.
This time, he was only ordered to scare off these few good-for-nothings. He never expected that there would be such an idiot among these good-for-nothings, who insisted on rushing to his death.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng's body would be paralyzed and fall to the ground within one or two breaths. Then, his whole body would fester and he would die. He had seen this kind of death too many times.
"Phew …"
Even though Luo Zheng deliberately suppressed his speed, he was able to cross the distance of about three hundred meters in an instant.
He landed in front of the young man and asked indifferently, "Are you wondering when I'll die from the poison?"
Wisps of a pale green aura appeared on Luo Zheng's face, indicating that the Poisonous Chelating Ants were wreaking havoc in his body. However, seeing Luo Zheng's vigorous appearance, the young man's eyes revealed a trace of confusion.
The scene he saw was too contradictory. He was obviously poisoned, but he didn't seem to be affected by the poison. How was this possible?
"There's no need to wait. You'll definitely die before me." Luo Zheng smiled faintly. The aura in his body suddenly erupted. A cold light flashed in his hand, and a long sword leapt into his hand. He had taken the initiative to attack.
The young man's heart was full of doubts, but when he saw Luo Zheng's sword slashing towards him, his heart was also filled with shock.
His figure flashed with a green light and completely disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
The young man's method of using the True Meaning of Nature was much more brilliant than Luo Zheng's. After all, Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated the True Meaning of Dao until now.
If the young man hid in a corner and didn't move, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to detect him.
However, as long as he moved, Luo Zheng's divine sense would be able to find a trace of him!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's sword stabbed out, leaving a deep groove in the cave wall.
After the young man hid, he rushed deeper into the cave. His movements were fast and ingenious!
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curved slightly. He also activated the True Meaning of Nature. His figure became like a drifting leaf, becoming casual and agile. He seemed to be drifting aimlessly, but in fact, he was closely following the young man's footsteps.
"Whoosh!"
As Luo Zheng drifted, he attacked with his sword.
Every time he struck with his sword, a green light would flash in front of him. Then, he would once again fly out a few meters in the cave and strike with his sword once more ….
Every time Luo Zheng attacked, there would be a sound of metal clashing, as if he was stabbing into a solid shield.
Luo Zheng's expression was as calm as ever.
When he attacked for the eighth time, the sound of metal clashing disappeared. His long sword was nailed into the cave wall.
"Buzz …"
A green light appeared at the tip of the long sword, and the young man's figure quietly appeared.
The young man had a huge insect shell in his hand. It was this abnormally solid insect shell that blocked Luo Zheng's long sword. However, in the last attack, Luo Zheng used 90% of his strength to directly penetrate the insect shell and pierce into the young man's chest.
"You, why aren't you afraid of the Chelating Poison Ant's poison?" The young man stared at Luo Zheng's face and asked with an expression of disbelief.
Luo Zheng's face was pale green. Obviously, he was deeply poisoned. However, Luo Zheng wasn't affected at all.
"Not only am I not afraid of the Chelating Poison Ant's poison, I'm also not afraid of other poisons. You can try the scorpion needle in my hand," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
The young man's expression changed again. He was holding a scorpion tail needle in his right hand. It was the scorpion tail needle of the Extinct Poisonous Scorpion. The poison of this scorpion tail needle was even more intense than that of the Chelating Poison Ant's poison. It was the young man's life-saving measure.
He had relied on this scorpion tail needle to turn the tables in desperate situations several times, and had finally found a way to survive. He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would see through his plan.
In desperation, the young man flipped his right hand and threw the scorpion tail needle at Luo Zheng.
However, before the scorpion tail needle could reach Luo Zheng, the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand lightly twisted. A vigorous force burst out, and the young man's whole body was shredded into pieces!

Chapter 2635
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Cenotaph
After the young man was killed by Luo Zheng, all the Poisonous Chelating Army Ants in the cave were freed from his control.
The Poisonous Chelating Army Ants appeared and crawled into the crevices of the rocks.
Lai Huabei and the other three Perfect True Gods were still very nervous. The four of them formed a circle and performed a few divine abilities to protect themselves. They were afraid that they would miss a hidden Chelating Poison Army Ant.
However, in a few breaths' time, they saw the Poisonous Chelating Army Ants fleeing in all directions.
Lai Huabei and the rest turned to look, and their eyes widened!
Luo Zheng had killed the Perfect True God who controlled the poisonous insects in an instant!
Luo Zheng had entered the Sea of True Intent, and his strength was slightly stronger than theirs. Lai Huabei acknowledged that. But the other party was also a Great Circle who had entered the Sea of True Intent. His strength should be on par with Luo Zheng's, right?
For Luo Zheng to be able to kill the other party in such a short time, he was either much stronger than the other party, or the other party had underestimated him and allowed Luo Zheng to seize the opportunity.
Lai Huabei and his three friends were leaning towards the latter …
Although the four of them were Perfect True Gods, they had stayed in the Heaven's Wall City for a long time and found it hard to believe that there was such a huge difference in abilities between True Gods of the same level.
"Be careful!"
"These Poisonous Chelating Army Ants are just hiding. Try not to get close to the ground and pay attention to the top of our heads!"
Lai Huabei stepped lightly on the ground and flew up.
The young man had already died, and all the Poisonous Chelating Army Ants had lost their master. However, these poisonous insects were extremely aggressive, so they naturally had to be careful.
The four of them flew carefully toward Luo Zheng.
"Brother, Luo Zheng, are you okay?" Lai Huabei looked at Luo Zheng's pale green face with worry in his eyes. "I have antidotes like the Heaven Glory Elixir, but the Poisonous Chelating Army Ants' poison is too fierce …"
Lai Huabei suddenly realized a problem. The poison of the Poisonous Chelating Army Ants was extremely fierce and fast. After being bitten, one would immediately die. Luo Zheng's face was already green, but why did he look fine?
"It's okay, this bit of poison can't hurt me," Luo Zheng waved his hand.
What do you mean by this little bit of poison …
When Lai Huabei and his three friends heard this, they looked as if they were looking at a monster.
It was especially so for the three Perfect True Gods. They looked at Lai Huabei thoughtfully. They had no idea where Lai Huabei had found such a monster.
After dealing with the young man, Luo Zheng pulled out his long sword and also took the young man's spatial ring. With a light flick of his finger, the ring was burned to a crisp.
Although he didn't know the background of this young man, Luo Zheng didn't want to complicate matters, so he naturally chose to destroy the corpse.
This wasn't God's Domain, and Luo Zheng, in particular, was currently alone. He needed to be careful at many times.
After the treatment, Luo Zheng forced the poison out of his body. He looked into the cave and asked, "This cave is not deep, is it?"
"It's not that deep. We'll reach it after walking for at most a few thousand feet," Lai Huabei said.
Previously, Lai Huabei had planned to give up, but the power that Luo Zheng had displayed gave him a glimmer of hope.
These Perfect True Gods were considered the top figures in Heaven's Wall City. However, no one was willing to curl up in this small place and be mediocre for the rest of their lives. This glimmer of hope was enough for him to fight for once.
"Let's go," Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The group of five moved forward along the cave again. The cave was getting wider and wider, and the distance of a few thousand feet was covered in a few breaths' time.
Just as they turned a corner, they suddenly heard a strange "wuuu" sound coming from the front, and a powerful soul fluctuation spread out.
At the same time, there was a scolding voice. "Damn it! This Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb has become so strong in such a short time! "
When Lai Huabei and his three friends heard this voice, their faces darkened slightly. "It's the voice of Nomad!"
Luo Zheng's figure swept past the corner. He had already passed the corner.
Just as Lai Huabei had said, the cave was not big, and the end was right in front of them.
However, at the end of the cave, there was a green longsword. Behind the longsword, there were neatly folded clothes, long boots, and other items. These items had been placed there for quite a long time, and the surface of the items was covered with a thick layer of dust. This was the Cenotaph that Lai Huabei had mentioned.
Some experts had lost their physical bodies for some reason. Before they died, they used their last bit of strength to build a tomb for themselves, which was called the Cenotaph.
"Wu wu wu …"
On the other side of the Cenotaph, a huge soul was struggling in mid-air.
This huge soul should be the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb that Lai Huabei had mentioned. No one knew what this Tianluo Guard had experienced. Before he died, he could not even keep his physical body. After he died, his remnant soul had turned into an evil spirit.
Although the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb was unusually fierce, it was entangled by two chains that were made of flames. At the end of the chains were two Perfect True Gods who looked exactly the same.
The two Perfect True Gods seemed to be very good at restraining souls. They had actually restrained the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb to the point that it could not move.
Next to the two Perfect True Gods, there were three other people. The person in the lead was wearing a purple brocade. He had a handsome face and looked like a young master. Next to the young master in purple, there was a man wearing a black hat. This man was Nomad.
The appearance of Luo Zheng, Lai Huabei and the group immediately attracted their attention. When Nomad saw Lai Huabei, he was stunned. "Lai Huabei? How did you … get in? "
The young master next to Nomad had already sent people to block the entrance of the cave. In his opinion, it was impossible for Lai Huabei to enter.
Lai Huabei's eyes were filled with hatred. He sneered, "Of course I am here to take what belongs to me! I did not expect you, Nomad, to be such a despicable person. You actually led outsiders here! "
Faced with Lai Huabei's questioning, Nomad did not look guilty at all. Instead, he straightened his neck and sneered, "You want to take away the Cenotaph of Tianluo Guard? It is important to know one's own limits. Are there some things that you can touch? "
Hearing this, Lai Huabei was so angry that his face turned red.
The young master in purple, who was next to Nomad, frowned slightly. He stared at Luo Zheng and the group and asked, "Where is Zuo Zheng's man? Isn't he guarding the entrance of the cave? "
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and immediately said, "Maybe it was too stuffy in the cave and he ran to Green Brocade Grassland to get some fresh air. Naturally, we did not meet him."

Chapter 2636
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Trap!
Just then, the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb, which was originally bound by the flaming chains, roared again.
"Wu wu wu …"
This evil ghost burst out with a wild soul force, pulling at the two chains, causing them to hum.
The two Perfect Real Gods who looked the same looked nervous. They gripped the chains in their hands tightly and the yellow flames on the two chains burned even more fiercely.
"Oh no, Master Wu Hui, this evil spirit's Soul Power is still getting stronger!"
"I'm afraid the Scorching Sun Chain won't be able to restrain it!"
The two Perfect True Gods had bitter expressions.
In the beginning, the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb's Soul Power wasn't that strong. The two brothers' talent was to deal with all kinds of evil spirits and evil spirits. Originally, they thought it would be easy to capture it.
They never thought that the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb's Soul Power would continue to increase. Its abilities had far exceeded their expectations.
At that moment, the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb was still bound by the Scorching Sun Chain. Once the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb broke free, the consequences would be unimaginable!
Hearing that, the purple-robed man's face grew grave. He looked at the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb in mid-air and said, "Tuo Sheng, go and deal with the few guys who barged in. I will subdue this evil spirit personally!"
After saying that, the purple-robed man stretched out his hand and patted lightly. There were two jade hooks in his hand. He then jumped up high and threw the two jade hooks at the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb.
Tuo Sheng obeyed the purple-robed man's order and took out a golden long rod. At the same time, he said, "Zuo Ling is my brother. Although I don't know how you came in, I hope you can tell me his whereabouts. In return, I can leave your corpses intact!"
Lai Huabei and the rest saw and took a few steps back.
Actually, the situation was completely out of Lai Huabei and the rest's control from the moment they entered the cave.
To Lai Huabei and the other Perfect Real Gods, it was just a slightly dangerous adventure. However, the abilities of the group of people that Nomad had invited were completely beyond their expectations. Moreover, the Evil Spirit of Clothing Tomb's Soul Power was even more terrifying.
If Lai Huabei knew that this evil spirit was so strong, he would have given up on this idea.
Lai Huabei and the others retreated, but Luo Zheng did not, because 9527's voice had just sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. "These guys will definitely not be able to tame this evil spirit. I'm afraid they will all die here …"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of threat from the soul power of this Evil Spirit Clothing Tomb, but the purple-clothed young master seemed to be very confident in subduing it.
"The Tian Luo Guard who set up this Cenotaph was very vicious. He probably did not want his relics to be destroyed, so he set up this formation on purpose. He turned his remnant soul into an evil spirit, and at the same time, swallowed living souls to strengthen his abilities. I reckon that over the years, many people have discovered this cave, but most of them did not return. The Evil Spirit Clothing Tomb's abilities will probably increase by several times," 9527 continued.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. Even now, Luo Zheng was not confident in taking down the Evil Spirit Clothing Tomb. If the Evil Spirit Clothing Tomb's abilities were to increase by several times, Luo Zheng would probably not be able to fight back …
"Therefore, this is not a Cenotaph, but a trap to refine evil spirits," 9527 said.
When Tuo Sheng saw Luo Zheng standing there motionless, his eyes darting back and forth behind him, he assumed that Luo Zheng didn't put him in his eyes at all. His face filled with anger, "Where did Zuo Yao go? Answer … me! "
When he said the word "me," he suddenly turned into a golden beam of light, leaving a golden afterimage in the cave. He swung his golden staff at Luo Zheng's head.
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
Lai Huabei saw this and was shocked. He did not know why Luo Zheng was in a daze at this time.
"Whoosh!"
When Tuo Sheng's staff smashed down, the golden staff shadow was faintly mixed with azure spatial fragments. This was a technique created by the True Meaning of Void Annihilation. The power of this staff strike was astonishing, enough to pulverize everything it came into contact with.
Seeing the golden staff coming down on his head, Luo Zheng reached out and gently grasped it. With a muffled bang, his right hand caught the staff firmly!
"Ka ka ka …"
The spatial fragments around the golden staff cut Luo Zheng's arm, but his arm only emitted streaks of golden light. He did not suffer any damage.
When Luo Zheng was in the divine plane, his strength was far beyond that of ordinary Perfect True Gods. He could fight a Saint head-on!
Later, he borrowed the power of the divine plane's nascent intent. Even Nirvana Realm cultivators could not do anything to him.
However, after leaving the divine plane, he could not use the power of the nascent intent or the treasures of faith. Even so, a Perfect True God like Tuo Sheng was still no match for him.
Tuo Sheng's staff strike was filled with anger. He looked at Luo Zheng's foolish actions and sneered in his heart. This staff strike could have smashed him to pieces, but this guy was so naive as to dare catch it with his bare hands?
But Luo Zheng really did catch the staff with his bare hands, and he was completely unharmed …
Tuo Sheng's eyes widened. He found it hard to believe that someone at the same level as him could catch his all-out attack with their bare hands. Not even his own Prince Wuhui could!
He exerted force with both hands, trying to wrest the staff from Luo Zheng's hands.
But Luo Zheng seemed to casually grab it, and the staff was firmly embedded in it, unable to move in the slightest.
Luo Zheng calmly glanced at Tuo Sheng, then suddenly raised his right hand. Tuo Sheng did not have time to let go, and his entire body was lifted by his own staff. He flew hundreds of feet before smashing heavily into the cave wall.
When Lai Huabei and the others saw this, their eyes widened again.
Lai Huabei understood now. Luo Zheng had easily killed Zuo Qinglong not because of luck or any openings. His strength was far beyond that of a Perfect True God of the same level …
This guy had come from a world outside the Mother World. Could he be a genius from some large clan in the chaos? Lai Huabei had a vague guess.
Not too far away, the purple-robed young master's two jade hooks were firmly hooked onto the body of the evil spirit. The hooks seemed to be specially made to restrain evil spirits and evil spirits. When they hooked onto the evil spirit, a sizzling sound rang out, as if they were burning the evil spirit's soul.
The Clothes Tomb Evil Spirit let out a series of whimpers, and was actually on the verge of death.
"Maybe you saw wrongly. I'm afraid that the evil spirit is about to be subdued by them," Luo Zheng said to 9527 after seeing this scene.
"Did I see wrongly? How is that possible? Although I don't know how the cenotaph was set up, I am a soul body after all. My senses are much sharper than yours. Look at the sword on the cenotaph, "9527 said calmly.
Luo Zheng's eyes focused on the green sword again. He saw the green light on the sword flash by, and the evil spirit that was on its last breath suddenly expanded.

Chapter 2637
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Tattered Cenotaph
After the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong's Soul Power suddenly increased, it was not much different from the Soul Power of a Nirvana Realm expert.
The ferocious Soul Aura reverberated in the cave, causing people to involuntarily feel a sense of fear.
"Pa! Pa! "
The two flaming chains that were originally wrapped around the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong broke in an instant!
The two Consummate True Gods twins were directly dragged over by the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong. Without any room for resistance, they were stuffed into the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong's mouth and their heads were twisted off in one bite.
When the purple-clothed young master saw the sudden change, his expression changed greatly. His body twisted slightly in the air and retreated rapidly.
The purple-clothed young master was indeed from a prestigious family. Even at this time, he did not panic too much.
However, the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong was obviously unwilling to let the purple-clothed young master go. A pair of large hands came towards the purple-clothed young master from both sides, blocking his escape route first.
Seeing that he could not retreat, the purple-clothed young master's eyes suddenly flashed with a trace of fierceness. Suddenly, a small seed exploded from the top of his head!
"Hermit Divine Power!"
As a direct descendant of a big family in the Tiandu Region, his family would naturally plant the Hermit Divine Power in him to protect his life.
Suddenly, the image of a graceful woman emerged from the small seed. The woman curled up her body and began to sing a song with a strange melody!
As the woman's shadow sang, her voice spread out like ripples around the purple-clothed young master's head, forming a sphere with a radius of ten feet, protecting the purple-clothed young master within it!
Although the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong was abnormally ferocious and tried to break the sphere formed by the sound ripples, this sphere was almost indestructible!
The purple-clothed young master also understood that this Hermit Divine Power could not protect him for long. As the Dao Connotation spread out from his body, he was about to use Greater Shift to escape this place. However, just as the space ripples condensed in front of him, the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong suddenly let out a crazy roar.
That roar went straight to the soul. Even Luo Zheng felt a wave of dizziness. How could Lai Huabei and the rest behind Luo Zheng withstand it? Their eyes rolled back, and they fell to the ground head-first …
The purple-clothed young master was in the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong's embrace. He was affected the most. When the roar attacked his soul, a Soul Magic Treasure on his chest directly broke, and the space Passage that was just formed was already broken!
The purple-clothed Young Master finally realized that he was Shift was Evil Spirit Yi Zhong's the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong. Even though his eyes were black and his head was Yi Zhong Yi Zhong Yi Zhong, he still gritted his teeth and used Shift again.
But when the Space Yi Cenotaph, the Evil Spirit Yi Zhong roar.
This time, the purple-clothed young master's head drooped down and he fainted. Only the woman's shadow above his head was still singing softly to protect him.
Hermit's divine abilities were usually one-time use and could not be maintained for too long. The woman's phantom was getting dimmer and dimmer, and the sound of her chanting was getting softer and softer. The sphere formed by the sound waves was also shrinking.
Yi Zhong Was Evil Spirit Yi Yi Zhong Cenoin Shift to Yi Of Of Zhong Was Was Was of Yi Cen Of
At this moment, 9527 said to Luo Zheng, "It's time!"
With Luo Zheng's current soul power, there was no way he could fight against the Yi Zhong Evil Spirit. If it wasn't for 9527, he would have already left.
However, 9527 had just told him that although the Burial Evil Spirit itself was terrifying, all of its soul power came from the Burial Mound. As long as the Burial Mound was destroyed, the Burial Mound Evil Spirit would also be destroyed.
Hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng's figure fluttered and flew towards the cenotaph.
Just as he approached the cenotaph, the cyan sword suddenly emitted a sharp sword light!
The sword light was like a tiger and a dragon, containing an extremely strong and powerful aura. It swept towards Luo Zheng!
"This is … the Sword Essence of Eternity?" Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly shrank.
The Burial Mound was standing here. There was no reason for the Purple-Robed Young Master and his group to not see it.
It seemed that the Purple-Robed Young Master had also intended to destroy the Burial Mound. However, the Burial Mound itself was an extremely powerful formation, so they shifted their target to the Burial Mound Evil Spirit.
This Tianluo Guard was an elite of the Nirvana Realm. He had been dead for countless years.
The Sword Essence of Eternity hidden in the cyan sword had also declined layer by layer with the passage of time.
However, even today, the sword essence driven by the Sword Essence of Eternity was still not to be underestimated. As Luo Zheng flew close to the ground, he suddenly slapped his hands on the ground and flipped his body to avoid the sword light. At the same time, the Sword Tengshe was already in his hand!
"Swoosh!"
"Sword of Dao Fusion!"
The sword light released by the cyan sword was extremely strong and strong, while Luo Zheng's Sword of Dao Fusion was extremely explosive.
The moment the two sword lights collided, the radiance that bloomed was as dazzling as a small sun. Under the terrifying energy dissipating in all directions, Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat for a distance. After the energy dissipated, he continued to rush forward!
Just as Luo Zheng rushed towards the Burial Mound, the chanting girl above the Purple-Robed Young Master's head disappeared. The sound waves that were originally protecting the Purple-Robed Young Master also disappeared completely. The Burial Mound Evil Spirit did not hesitate at all and swallowed the Purple-Robed Young Master into its big mouth.
At this moment, the commotion at the Burial Mound had also alarmed the Burial Mound Evil Spirit. When it saw Luo Zheng constantly approaching the Burial Mound, it immediately let out a shrill scream. It regarded the Burial Mound as its taboo and home. How could it tolerate Luo Zheng touching it?
It let out a sharp roar and rushed towards Luo Zheng!
The sharp roar caused Luo Zheng's soul to constantly tremble. If he encountered other fierce beasts, he could rely on his strong physique to fight them. However, this evil spirit was a spiritual creature. Luo Zheng's Yang Soul was far less powerful than his physical body. Once he was caught by this evil spirit, his fate could be imagined.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was also operating the True Meaning of Nature with all his strength. His entire body was like a swallow flying into the dense forest, sometimes high and sometimes low, constantly dodging the sword light released by the cyan sword.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Seeing the cyan sword in front of him, the surface of the simple and unadorned sword suddenly glowed with a jade-green radiance. It actually burst out with more than a dozen sword lights that spread in all directions, quickly forming a sword net that enveloped Luo Zheng.
With the sword net flying towards him from the front and the Burial Mound Evil Spirit chasing after him from behind, Luo Zheng's complexion sank. He gently twisted his body and forcibly crashed into a part of the sword net!
"Puchi!"
Along with the sharp pain, Luo Zheng's right shoulder and back had an additional wound that was so deep that the bone could be seen. Blood even splashed out.

Chapter 2638
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Sweeping the Tail
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng reached out with his left hand and grasped the hilt of the Qingfeng Longsword.
Just as he grasped the hilt, a repulsive force spread out from the hilt. Luo Zheng was careless and almost let the Qingfeng Longsword fall out of his hand.
As he used the source of power, his left hand held the sword firmly like an iron clamp. At the same time, Luo Zheng roared in his mind, "It's your turn!"
The bone piece in Luo Zheng's chest flashed gently, and 9527's soul went into the Qingfeng Longsword.
"Wuwuwu …"
The Qingfeng Longsword followed closely and rushed in front of Luo Zheng.
Under the pressure of the horrible and evil soul, Luo Zheng almost couldn't breathe.
At this time, Luo Zheng was also forced into a corner. There was almost no way out. Even if he used the Greater Teleportation, he would be interrupted by the Qingfeng Longsword. The fate of the purple-clothed man was still vivid in his mind.
If 9527 couldn't handle the Qingfeng Longsword, he was afraid that he would follow in his footsteps. So Luo Zheng's face was very nervous.
"Wuuu!"
As the Qingfeng Longsword screamed, its grey-brown arms suddenly stretched out to grab Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng suddenly found that the repulsive force from the sword hilt disappeared, and the Qingfeng Longsword's body was stiff and motionless.
Most Qingfeng Longsword evil spirits were formed for a specific reason. The main reason was that the participating souls contained some kind of obsession and hatred. These two emotions intertwined and made the remnant souls lose themselves, thus becoming abnormally fierce.
Once the obsession disappeared, the evil spirit itself had no meaning to exist.
9527 had seen the reason for the formation of the Qingfeng Longsword, which was why he let Luo Zheng take the risk. After it went into the Qingfeng Longsword and wiped out the obsession of the Tianluo Guard, the fierce aura of the Qingfeng Longsword disappeared instantly.
The originally ferocious evil spirit turned into pure soul power, dissipating in all directions like a light brown aura.
"What are you spacing out for? Who knows how many souls this evil spirit has devoured. Its soul energy is powerful and pure. Its effect is even better than a soul pill. Hurry up and absorb it," 9527 urged.
Luo Zheng looked at the Soul Force flowing around and realized its value. His eyes flashed slightly, and his soul turned into tentacles that spread out and began to absorb the Soul Force.
In just a few breaths of time, this pure soul force was completely absorbed by Luo Zheng!
Because this soul power was extremely pure, it did not reject Luo Zheng's soul at all. It rapidly strengthened Luo Zheng's Yang Soul!
After completely absorbing it, Luo Zheng felt refreshed, and even his eyes and ears became sharper.
"That was a close call. If you hadn't been able to erase the obsession in the Qingfeng Longsword, I'm afraid I would have died here today," Luo Zheng said.
"How is that possible? It's just an obsession formed by the remnant soul of a Nirvana Realm cultivator, "9527 said in a disdainful tone.
Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile. 9527 said it lightly, but it would not be easy to get rid of this obsession.
He held the Qingfeng Longsword in his hand and looked at it carefully. This sword was a good sword, but it seemed to have been eroded by time. It was not of much value to Luo Zheng …
Then, he flipped open the clothes in the cenotaph. Just as he flipped open the clothes, an octagonal copper piece fell out from within.
The copper plate was only the size of a palm. It looked ordinary, but Luo Zheng held it in his hand and looked at it. In the center of the copper plate, there were thin lines that extended in all directions. It seemed to contain a certain pattern, but Luo Zheng observed it for a while and did not see anything.
But there was nothing else in the cenotaph. Other than the clothes, there was only a small copper plate left. It should be something with a history. Luo Zheng stuffed it into his Sumeru Ring.
Then Luo Zheng looked at the three corpses not far away. With a slight movement of his body, he stripped the Sumeru Space items from these corpses one by one. Although Luo Zheng had countless divine crystals in his hands, not everything could be solved with divine crystals. If he could find something useful on these corpses, it would save him a lot of trouble.
Other than these three corpses, Tuo Sheng had been knocked unconscious by him and was now half-dead.
And You Mu, who had attracted the purple-clothed young master, had also been knocked unconscious by the roar of the evil spirit. He lay on the ground motionless.
The lives of these two people were handed over to Lai Huabei and the others.
After doing all this, Luo Zheng woke Lai Huabei and the others up one by one.
The roar of the evil spirit contained a powerful soul attack. Although they were Yang souls, they could not fight against that level of soul attack.
Even if they slowly woke up now, each and every one of them clutched their heads and grimaced in pain.
Lai Huabei was the first to recover. When he opened his eyes and saw the scene in the cave, he was dumbstruck, "That, that evil spirit is dead?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"I thought I was dead for sure!" Lai Huabei's face was full of surprise, "This evil spirit was not killed by brother Luo Zheng, right?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and denied, "How could I have such ability? Just now, before the purple-clothed young master died, he activated a Hermit Divine Ability. That Hermit Divine Ability seriously injured the evil spirit, and the evil spirit killed the purple-clothed young master …"
In any case, no one had seen the scene just now. Luo Zheng naturally would not admit it.
"Such a powerful Hermit Divine Ability, this purple-clothed young master's origin must be extraordinary." Lai Huabei's face showed a cautious expression.
Although the Tiandu Province was remote, Lai Huabei could not afford to offend some of the major clans in the province. If those clans found out about this, their lives would be difficult.
"Since it's extraordinary, we can only destroy the corpses," one of Lai Huabei's friends said.
Although they were not strong enough, their minds were still very clear. Destroying all evidence was the only way to survive.
"And this Nomad!" Lai Huabei glanced at Nomad lying on the ground, two balls of fire burning in his eyes. Everything had happened because of this guy, so he naturally had to vent the anger in his heart on this person.
Lai Huabei ended Nomad's life, and after Tuo Sheng was finished off by another person, they piled the corpses together and burned them all.
Then, their gazes fell on the Azure Edge Sword!
"After the death of the Dao Sword Palace's Heaven's Net Guard, if someone returns their tomb to the Dao Sword Palace, they will be qualified to join the Dao Sword Palace. We will bring these tombs and swords back to Heaven's Wall City and inform the Dao Sword Palace," Lai Huabei said.
When Luo Zheng heard this, he did not say anything.
He had heard Lai Huabei's words before coming here, but in reality, he had held a skeptical attitude towards them.

Chapter 2639
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
The Secret in the Copper Plate
Although Luo Zheng had doubts, he didn't say anything when he saw the joy on Lai Huabei and the rest's faces.
After all, they had worked so hard to get the Cenotaph. He couldn't possibly pour cold water on them. Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't have a thorough understanding of the Mother World. Perhaps the Dao Sword Palace really had such a strange rule?
After Lai Huabei kept the Tianluo Guards' belongings, the group left the underground cave and returned to the Heaven's Wall City.
That day, Lai Huabei hosted a banquet in the biggest restaurant in the Heaven's Wall City. Luo Zheng originally wanted to decline, but he couldn't reject Lai Huabei's invitation and attended.
"I have already asked the merchant team from the north to send the news of the Cenotaph to the Dao Sword Palace. I believe with the efficiency of the Dao Sword Palace, they will come to the Heaven's Wall City in a few days." Lai Huabei raised a cup of wine and looked at Luo Zheng with sincerity. "If it wasn't for Brother Luo Zheng, we might not even be able to enter the cave. I should thank you the most!"
After saying that, he raised his cup and drank it all.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and drank the wine in his cup.
Then, one of Lai Huabei's good friends said, "I wonder how many stars of the Tianluo Guards the owner of the Cenotaph is?"
The Tianluo Guards were similar to the Chiyou Guards and the Xuan Yuan Guards. However, the Dao Sword Palace couldn't be compared with super forces like the You Xiong Clan and the Jiuli Clan.
"Is the number of stars of the Tianluo Guards important?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Lai Huabei blinked and said seriously, "Of course it's important! If the owner of the Cenotaph is a one-star Tianluo Guard, the Cenotaph's belongings can be exchanged for a slot to enter the Dao Sword Palace. If it's a two-star Tianluo Guard, there will be two slots. If it's a five-star … "
After Lai Huabei said that, his good friends' eyes lit up.
They had heard about the rules of the Dao Sword Palace. This was also the reason why they risked their lives to follow Lai Huabei to find the Cenotaph.
For Perfect-stage True Gods like them, joining the Dao Sword Palace was equivalent to boarding a fast boat. Under the nurturing of more resources, it was possible for them to enter the Sea of True Meaning and Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng's expression remained calm. In all fairness, he was not very interested in the Dao Sword Palace.
After all, Luo Zheng had come into contact with Elder Jin and Ming Wei in the Divine Domain, so he didn't find it strange. Moreover, he had already stepped into the Sea of True Intent, so the resources of the Dao Sword Palace weren't important to him.
After the banquet, Luo Zheng returned to the residence that Lai Huabei had arranged for him. He gently retrieved it and cast an enchantment to separate himself from the outside world. Then, he took out several Sumeru Rings.
These were the belongings of the purple-clothed young master and his subordinates.
Lai Huabei and the others knew that Luo Zheng had taken away these people's belongings. However, everyone knew that Luo Zheng had contributed the most after all. It was understandable for him to take away their belongings.
He tidied up the messy items in the Sumeru Rings. The treasures of the purple-clothed young master's subordinates were very ordinary. In the eyes of others, it might be a great fortune. However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was very ordinary. The few of them only had twenty Divine Gems in total.
However, there were a few extraordinary items in the purple-clothed young master's Sumeru Rings. For example, there was a treasured sword that was as thin as a cicada's wing. When the treasured sword was pulled out, it gave off traces of cold air. The cold air was faintly condensing into a form.
Although Luo Zheng had the Sword of Tengshe, it wasn't suitable for him to take out the Sword of Tengshe most of the time. This treasured sword could be used by Luo Zheng.
Other than that, Luo Zheng also took out some special treasures and thousands of Divine Gems.
Compared to the wealth that Luo Zheng had, it might not be worth mentioning. However, among the Perfect True Gods of the same level, the purple-clothed young master was considered very rich.
Finally, Luo Zheng took out the octagonal copper plate. After examining the copper plate in his hand for a while, Luo Zheng immediately asked, "9527, can you tell what this is?"
"I don't know!" 9527 answered straightforwardly.
Although 9527 knew a lot of secrets that ordinary people didn't know, it was impossible for it to know everything in such a complicated world.
After examining it for a while, Luo Zheng placed his finger on the surface of the copper plate. His fingertip touched it gently and a drop of blood was placed on the surface of the copper plate. However, the drop of blood quickly slid down and no abnormality was found.
After that, Luo Zheng operated his Taoist Connotation and poured it into the patterns on the copper plate. However, the copper plate still didn't have any reaction.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng had an idea and took out a Divine Gem.
Divine Gems were used to feed the Nirvana Realm Token. Luo Zheng knew this when he was in the Divine Realm. For True Gods who didn't have Nirvana Realm Tokens, Divine Gems could only be used as a kind of currency for transactions.
Luo Zheng placed the Divine Gem in front of him and pinched it gently. The Divine Gem made a "ka" sound and azure blue energy flowed out like water.
Doing this might waste the Divine Gem, but Luo Zheng still tried it out of curiosity.
When the azure blue energy flowed on the copper plate, the symmetrical patterns on the copper plate absorbed all the energy in the Divine Gem!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. It seemed that his attempt was correct.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
As the copper plate trembled slightly, the lines on the copper plate also floated out.
As the lines continued to outline, an extremely complicated topographic map was displayed. In the center of the map, there was a golden mark. This mark was actually a Sanskrit!
"What kind of map is this? Why is there a golden Sanskrit on it? "Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
After looking at it carefully for a while, Luo Zheng asked, "9527, do you know if this map …"
"I don't know." Before Luo Zheng could finish, 9527 had already answered very decisively.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. It seemed that he could only rely on himself to investigate the origin of this octagonal copper plate.
Although he couldn't decipher the meaning of the golden Sanskrit, Luo Nian was still in his Inner World. He should be able to decipher the meaning of the golden Sanskrit. It seemed that he had to put the copper plate into his Inner World for Luo Nian to identify it.
…
…
Two days later …
A silver flying boat cut through the faint void and appeared in the sky above Heaven's Wall City.
After confirming the direction, the silver flying boat quickly docked at the edge of a dock next to the East Harbor.
"Kacha …"
An old man wearing a fur coat took the lead and walked down from the silver flying boat. This old man's face was as gloomy as water and his eyes were surging with anger.
"Sir Qi, although this Heaven's Wall City is a small and remote place, the interpersonal relationships have always been complicated. I'm afraid it will be very difficult to find the whereabouts of Young Master Wuhui." A guard behind the old man in fur came forward and cupped his hands.

Chapter 2640
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Revenge
The guard was slightly stunned when he heard the old man's words. He immediately asked, "Lord Qi, shouldn't we go to the Green Brocade Plains first?"
The Rat Alliance had a bad reputation in this world. Many forces were unwilling to buy information from the Rat Alliance unless they had no other choice. Moreover, this old man already knew the location of his grandson's death. He would definitely investigate it first.
The old man was eager for revenge, but after hearing the guard's words, he suppressed the anxiety in his heart and said, "Let's go!"
Whoosh!
The old man directly crossed the entire Heaven's Wall City.
When he crossed the Heaven's Wall City, he did not conceal his aura at all. A ferocious killing intent shrouded downward, attracting the attention of the gods in the city.
"I don't know which Nirvana Realm expert it is, but he is actually so aggressive!"
"Could it be that the Heaven's Wall City has caused some trouble?"
"Don't worry. Even if the sky falls, the City Lord will hold it up for us …"
Although there was no lack of Nirvana Realm experts visiting the Heaven's Wall City, most of them only hurriedly stopped at the East Port and rarely set foot in a remote place like the Heaven's Wall City. It was even more rare to see someone like the old man swaggering through the streets.
In the City Lord's residence in the center of the Heaven's Wall City, a broad and fat middle-aged man also felt the killing intent in the sky. His face sank slightly.
Although the Heaven's Wall City was a small place, no Nirvana Realm expert would find trouble and provoke him like this! When he looked at the sky, his pupils shrank slightly. "Qi Baotang? Who provoked this old man? "
Although there were no super forces in the Tiandu Province, there were still some big families.
The Qi family led by Qi Baotang was one of them. The Qi family was located in the central part of the Tiandu Province and had been managed by Qi Baotang for the past few years.
However, after Qi Baotang simply released his killing intent, he swept past the Heaven's Wall City. The City Lord of the Heaven's Wall City did not ask about it.
Not long after, Qi Baotang led many guards to the Green Brocade Plains.
Although the cave on the Green Brocade Plains was rather hidden, it was not difficult to find it after confirming the location. Soon, one of the guards reported, "Lord Qi, we found a cave!"
"Let's go in!" Qi Baotang's figure flashed and entered the cave.
They hadn't gone too deep when Qi Baotang's eyes flashed slightly. He reached out and knocked on a stone wall next to him. With a gentle pull, he pulled a Poison Chelating Ant out of the crack!
A guard at the side sized it up and immediately said, "It's the Poison Chelating Army Ants raised by Zuo Tianlong! This is the place! "
Qi Baotang reached out and pinched the Poison Chelating Army Ant. A green hand appeared and covered Qi Baotang's right hand. An invisible force began to press down on him.
It was difficult for an ordinary Complete Real God to kill the Chelating Poison Army Ant. With a gentle pinch from Qi Baotang, it was crushed into pieces.
"Wu Hui, this child, led this group of idiots to fool around. That's why he ended up like this!" Qi Baotang threw out a sentence and went straight into the cave.
Not long after, they arrived at the deepest part of the cave.
The corpses of those Complete Real Gods had long been destroyed. There were only messy traces of a battle left in the cave.
Qi Baotang looked around the cave and finally stood in the direction of the cenotaph. He closed his eyes and thought for a while. When he opened his eyes, his expression became complicated. He immediately said, "There seems to be a powerful spirit in this cave for a long time. How did my grandson provoke such a thing?"
Qi Baotang originally thought that his grandson had been murdered. Now that he found out that Qi Wu Hui had died in the hands of the evil spirit, he calmed down.
"If the evil spirit killed Mister Wu Hui, it's impossible for the corpse to disappear," a guard at the side said with his head lowered.
Qi Baotang nodded, "It's possible that Wu Hui's bad friends were afraid that I would blame them, so they escaped with the corpse. It's also possible that the corpse was destroyed by an outsider. Let's make a trip to the Rat Alliance. I want to see my grandson, even if he's dead!"
The group of people returned to the Heaven's Wall City in the end and headed straight for the Rat Alliance.
Just then, a flying boat that was ten thousand feet wide descended from the east port of the Heaven's Wall City. Three men in green clothes appeared from the flying boat. Behind the men in green clothes was a lady in green clothes.
The lady's face was pale and her body was weak. She seemed to be weak when she took a step. Her aura was faintly discernible, as though she was half dead. Even so, she still gave off a sickly beauty.
The four people who came down from the flying boat were all experts in the Nirvana Realm. The position of the lady in green clothes was obviously much higher than the three of them.
"I wonder who Lai Huabei is. Let's go to the Governor's Mansion to find out," the lady said weakly.
One of the handsome men cupped his hands and said, "I will lead the way!"
The lady nodded her head slightly and the group of people headed straight for the Governor's Mansion.
…
…
Qi Baotang sat in front of the Ear Mouse and threw out a thousand Divine Gems.
The Rat Alliance had always treated people differently. A Perfect True God and a Nirvana Realm expert were here. Even if they were to purchase the same information, the price would be vastly different.
Qi Baotang could have asked his guards to come, but this matter concerned his grandson. Thus, he went to the Rat Alliance personally.
After the Ear Mouse took the Divine Gems, an illusion array appeared in front of Qi Baotang. It was the scene of his grandson entering the cave.
"I want to see the results!" Qi Baotang said in a deep voice.
The Ear Mouse nodded his head and squeaked, "There was a powerful Soul Suppression in the cave. We rats couldn't get close, so we couldn't see everything. However, you should be interested in some of the scenes after that!"
Then, Qi Baotang saw the scene of Lai Huabei and the others burning the corpse.
Qi Baotang snorted and threw another handful of Divine Gems in front of the Ear Mouse, "Tell me, where is this person …"
After a short while, Qi Baotang left the Rat Alliance and headed to the side of the Heaven's Wall City with his guards.
"Swish!"
Qi Baotang plummeted down from a height of over a thousand feet and landed directly on Lai Huabei's residence. The residence was not small. With Qi Baotang's stomp, all the houses in the residence crumbled in an instant, and the ground cracked like a spider web in all directions.
"Lai Huabei! Get out here! " Qi Baotang's voice roared, and a gust of air spread out in all directions. The surrounding houses that didn't collapse instantly had cracks. The God's citizens in these houses started bleeding from their ears and became deaf.
Lai Huabei had been looking for Luo Zheng for tea for the past few days. The two of them were chatting in the backyard. Luo Zheng also took the opportunity to understand some things about the Heaven City and the Mother World.

Chapter 2641
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fight
Fortunately, Lai Huabei lived alone in this house, and the rest of the Lai family wasn't here.
Otherwise, Qi Baotang's kick would have implicated many people's lives.
Lai Huabei looked at Qi Baotang, who was wearing a fur coat, and his expression was gloomy. After all, he was a Nirvana Realm expert!
He thought about when he had offended this old man, but Luo Zheng's voice was quietly transmitted. "This person should be a family member of the purple-clothed young master."
Lai Huabei's eyebrows suddenly twitched, and his expression became even uglier.
However, on second thought, he wasn't the one who killed the purple-clothed young master, so he still had some justification.
Moreover, he couldn't escape, so he could only brace himself and walk forward. He cupped his hands toward the old man in fur coat and said, "Senior, Lai Huabei has never met you before. I wonder why you're looking for me …"
Qi Baotang had been suppressing his anger for a few days on the way here.
He speculated that his grandson might have died in the hands of that evil spirit, but it was also a fact that Lai Huabei and the rest destroyed his grandson's corpse. That alone was enough.
Hence, before Lai Huabei could finish his words, a green shadow appeared on Qi Baotang's withered right hand. This shadow pulled at Lai Huabei, and Lai Huabei felt a huge force exerting on his body.
Lai Huabei was instantly unable to move. Following a huge suction force, he was pulled over involuntarily.
At this moment, Luo Zheng took a step forward. With the surging of the power source in his body, one of his hands gently pressed on Lai Huabei's body. This seemingly careless press had already created a layer of formless armor through Luo Zheng's power that buckled on Lai Huabei's body, firmly nailing him to the ground.
Qi Baotang's tug wasn't able to drag Lai Huabei away, and his eyes narrowed slightly.
Even the guards that Qi Baotang had brought with him looked surprised.
"Sir Qi didn't use his full strength?"
"This kid actually has the power to resist?"
"Hmph, that's just a mantis trying to stop a chariot …"
These guards were all elites that followed the Qi Family. Most of them were Perfected True Gods who had entered the Sea of True Meaning, and their cultivation was similar to Luo Zheng. Therefore, when they saw that Luo Zheng was able to drag Lai Huabei away, they naturally found it strange.
"Senior, if you have any grudges with Brother Huabei, you can just say it. Why did you make a move?" Luo Zheng said faintly.
The green hand shadow on his right hand trembled slightly, and a strong aura was released from the hand shadow.
"The aura of the Nirvana Token and the divine crystal …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly when he sensed the overwhelming aura approaching him.
Was Was' '' ''s's,'s' ''s's's Was's's Was, Was Was' '''s Was Was Was Was's
However, compared to Ming Wei and the others' 'Was, Qi Baotang's Was' 'was much weaker!
However, Qi Baotang was, after all, a Nirvana Realm expert. The surging aura still gave Luo Zheng quite a bit of pressure!
Lai Huabei stood still on the spot, and his face was ashen.
That cenotaph was an opportunity for him to leap over the dragon's gate. Even though he'd obtained the cenotaph by accident, he'd actually caused such a huge problem by accident. If this Paramita Realm expert were to make a move, he would probably die without a doubt …
There were some True Gods in the houses and pavilions around the street who were secretly watching this scene. They looked at Lai Huabei with pity in their eyes. Although these people were not familiar with Lai Huabei, they were all in Heaven's Wall City. As a Perfected True God, Lai Huabei naturally knew them.
"Swoosh!"
At this moment, the green hand shadow continued to expand, like the claws of a devil, and fell towards Lai Huabei's head.
Lai Huabei was motionless and had planned to close his eyes and wait for death. At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He grabbed Lai Huabei's shoulder and threw him back abruptly. The Taoist Connotation of the Inner World had gathered in his hand!
"Dao Fusion energy!"
The multicolored energy transformed into a palm print and slapped towards the hand shadow.
When Qi Baotang saw that Luo Zheng actually took the hit head-on, the corner of his mouth curled up slightly. Did this Paragon True God really think that he could contend against a Nirvana Realm expert?
Although Qi Baotang was only at the first level of the Nirvana Realm, the understanding and control of energy between a Nirvana Realm expert and a true god was on a completely different level!
At the instant the two palms collided, Luo Zheng's palms were suppressed with an unstoppable force. It was impossible to resist at all.
Everyone felt that this was reasonable, but Luo Zheng stared at his own palm print and softly spat out a word, "Break!"
"Boom!"
Under the mutual restriction of Dao Fusion energy, its power was not very strong. It could only release terrifying energy when it was unstable.
When Luo Zheng's palm print was broken, a dazzling strong light was released and instantly swallowed Qi Baotang's hand shadow …
…
…
In the mayor's residence.
When the mayor of Heaven's Wall City saw the pale-faced lady, he was instantly shocked. He hurriedly went forward and bowed deeply. At the same time, he said, "May I know why Qiu Xuegong is visiting the small Heaven's Wall City? Are you heading to the outer region?"
The outer region that the mayor of Heaven's Wall City was referring to was the Chaotic World outside the mother world.
He found it hard to imagine that this lady would visit the small Heaven's Wall City. Naturally, he thought that she was just passing by and her goal was to head to the Third Layer Pass.
The pale-faced lady calmly glanced at the mayor of Heaven's Wall City and immediately said, "There's a person called Lai Huabei who found the burial mound of the Tianluo Guards. I'm here to retrieve the burial mound. Bring me to see this person."
The burial mound of the Tianluo Guards …
The mayor of Heaven's Wall City knew the meaning behind this. He hurriedly sent people to look for news of Lai Huabei and hurriedly led this lady to the west of the city.
They had just crossed half of Heaven's Wall City when they suddenly saw a dazzling ball of light that was like the sun exploding in front of them.
When the mayor of Heaven's Wall City sensed the energy in the strong light, his eyes flickered. The energy's aura was rather strange. It was like the Taoist Connotation created by a True God, but it was also very unique and powerful.
When the pale-faced lady and the three green-clothed men behind her saw the light, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
"What kind of remarkable power is this?"
"It's not the Nirvana Realm. It seems to be the Taoist Connotation of a True God …"
"What kind of Divine Path is it? It's so powerful!"
These Nirvana Realm experts had also walked the path of a True God. In their eyes, cultivating the Divine Path was just to pave the way to the Nirvana Realm. Therefore, they did not have a deep understanding of the energy of the Divine Path.

Chapter 2642
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Shatter!
To the experts who had crossed over to the Nirvana Realm, they more or less knew about the fusion of Divine Paths.
Fusion of Divine Paths could indeed greatly increase a True God's power, but there was a better choice in front of them, the Nirvana Realm. Who would waste time on such a thing?
Occasionally, there would be some geniuses who would attempt to fuse three to five Divine Paths, but they would only try to do so to test their talents. Then, these geniuses would focus on the True Meaning of Dao.
The pale-faced woman had never seen so many Divine Daos fused together. She estimated that there were probably over a thousand Divine Daos fused together. She had never seen anyone in the Dao Sword Palace who could cultivate so many Divine Daos.
"Who is fighting in the Heaven's Wall City?" The Heaven's Wall City Master did not care about the fusion of Divine Paths. He increased his speed and swept forward.
Although the Heaven's Wall City was small, it was still within his jurisdiction.
After Lai Huabei was thrown out by Luo Zheng, he fell hard on the ground. When he got up to take a look, the front was already enveloped by a strong light.
When the strong light gradually dissipated, his eyes were wide open. Luo Zheng, who was not far away, stood firmly on the spot, while the green hand shadow of the old man in fur had disappeared without a trace!
This guy actually withstood a Divine Ability of a Nirvana Realm expert?
The guards that Qi Baotang brought along gasped in unison. This seemingly inconspicuous Perfect True God had, of course, withstood Sir Qi's attack! Sir Qi had just used the Nirvana Realm Token. This was almost the full force of a Nirvana Realm expert!
Qi Baotang, who was standing opposite Luo Zheng, was more shocked than the others. His Jade Hand Shadow was also a very good Nirvana Token in the First Heaven. He was very clear about the power of the Jade Claw that he had slapped out just now, but it was annihilated by a True God junior.
His face was as black as it could be, as if he had painted it with a layer of charcoal.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm as usual. After all, he had killed several Nirvana Realm experts in the God's Domain. Even a powerful figure like Wei Xian had died at the hands of Luo Zheng. Of course, he had relied on the power of the God's Domain.
However, even though Luo Zheng could block the old man's attack, it didn't mean that he could defeat the old man. Just now, Luo Zheng had no choice but to make a move.
"Very good, even a mere True God dares to challenge me …"
Qi Baotang's expression returned to normal, and a dangerous aura appeared in his old eyes.
Luo Zheng gently lifted his heels. Naturally, he understood that this old man was going to fight for real. If he really couldn't win, he could only choose to run away.
However, he wasn't really afraid of this old man. It wouldn't be easy for the other party to defeat him. Moreover, Luo Zheng still had the Hermit Divine Ability to rely on.

Chapter 2643
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Wealth
As the fresh blood flowed down the blade, the simple and unadorned Azure Edge Longsword regained its luster. A sharp aura emanated from the Azure Edge Longsword.
Luo Zheng glanced at it, and his eyelids twitched. He felt a tinge of fear in his heart. He was afraid that he would be cut into two by the Azure Edge Longsword!
"This is the Azure Edge Longsword's Eternal Sword Intent …"
Back then, in order to obtain the Azure Edge Longsword in the cave, Luo Zheng had risked his life to fight with it. He had even been injured because of the longsword. That was why he had been able to successfully draw the sword.
Now that the sword had been activated by this pale-faced woman, the Eternal Sword Intent's power had increased by at least a hundredfold! If Luo Zheng had approached it casually, the Eternal Sword Intent would have cut him into pieces!
What kind of existence was the owner of this Azure Edge Longsword?
"Buzz …"
After absorbing the fresh blood, a line of blood suddenly appeared on the Azure Edge Longsword. When the line of blood converged on the sword, spots of blood-red light lit up.
Lai Huabei and the Heaven's Wall City Lord widened their eyes as they looked at the spots of blood-red light.
The standard sword of the Dao Sword Palace was called the Blood Killing Sword. Every Heavenly Net Guard had one, and a spot of blood-red light was a one-star Heavenly Net Guard. This was a secret that most people in the entire Heaven's Wall City and even the entire Divine Capital Region knew!
"One, two, three, four, five!" Lai Huabei's mouth couldn't help but tremble.
Even the Heaven's Wall City Lord's heart was beating wildly.
If the cenotaph of a five-star Heavenly Net Guard was discovered, they could exchange it for five places to enter the Dao Sword Palace!
Even the Heaven's Wall City Lord couldn't ignore such a place!
"It's actually a five-star Heavenly Net Guard!" Lai Huabei's expression was indescribable. He was completely dumbfounded.
Previously, he had thought that a one-star Heavenly Net Guard would be enough. At least he would be able to enter the Dao Sword Palace. He had never expected that it would be a five-star Heavenly Net Guard …
The Lord of Heaven's Wall City could not help but step forward and bow, asking, "Autumn Academy, may I ask if this is the cenotaph of a Five Star Heavenly Net Guard?"
The pale woman's gaze was fixed on the sword. She shook her head and said, "No … this isn't a Five Star Heavenly Net Guard …"
Hearing this, Lai Huabei and the City Master of Heaven's Wall City were slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. He thought of the Evil Spirit of Yi Zhong.
After interacting with 9527 for so long, 9527 had slowly developed a lazy personality. Under normal circumstances, it rarely stood out, unless it was in a life and death situation.
The Cenotaph Evil Spirit continued to grow under the siege of the Qi Family's Young Master and the others. However, Luo Zheng did not know to what extent it could grow. But before that, 9527 asked him to destroy the Cenotaph Evil Spirit and take the Qingfeng Long Sword.
The whole process still relied on 9527, not Luo Zheng himself.
If not for 9527, who knew how much the Cenotaph Evil Spirit would have grown.
The pale woman's face showed a hint of sadness. She immediately said, "This is our Path Sword Palace's … former Palace Master … Qiu Bolan."
Hearing this, the City Master of Heaven's Wall City suddenly trembled. He stammered, "Missing, Senior Qiu, who has been missing for so many years … died in our Tiandu State?"
The Path Sword Palace was a superpower that could dominate a state. As the Palace Master of the Path Sword Palace, Qiu Bolan's status could be imagined.
However, more than 500 years ago, Qiu Bolan suddenly disappeared. All these years, the position of Palace Master of the Path Sword Palace had been vacant. Another Deputy Palace Master had taken over the position. How could the City Master of Heaven's Wall City have thought that the Palace Master of the Path Sword Palace would die in the Tiandu State?
As for Lai Huabei, he was still dumbfounded. He had never thought that he would find the cenotaph of the Palace Master of the Path Sword Palace. He suddenly felt that everything that had happened today was unreal. At the same time, he had a little extravagant hope. What reward would the Path Sword Palace give him?
Luo Zheng's heart also skipped a beat.
Apart from the Qingfeng Longsword, there was also the set of green clothes, boots, and hat among Jiang Bolan's belongings. Then, there was the octagonal copper piece.
He had not asked Luo Nian to identify the copper piece over the past few days. It looked like he had to hurry.
Although he did not know what the map in the copper piece meant, it was definitely not an ordinary item left behind by the Palace Master of a superpower.
The pale-faced woman put away the Qingfeng Longsword. She stared at Lai Huabei and said weakly, "The Path Sword Palace … does have a rule … If you can find the cenotaph … you can enter the Path Sword Palace … Five-star Heavenly Net Guard will give you five spots … The owner of this sword … will give you ten spots."
Although she spoke intermittently, Lai Huabei heard her clearly.
However, Lai Huabei was slightly disappointed. He only needed one spot. Even with Luo Zheng and his three good friends, there were only five spots. What was the use of the extra five spots?
"In addition … 800 years ago … the reward for the Palace Master … will be given to you …" she continued.
As soon as she said this, Lai Huabei felt as if his heart had been pounded by a heavy hammer. His heart thumped non-stop. He stammered, "May, may I ask … what is the reward?"
The woman's expression was calm as she replied, "About … 50 times the wealth of the Heaven's Wall City …"
The Qi Family guards in the air, who did not know whether to leave or stay, all sucked in a breath of cold air. The Sky Wall City Lord was also dumbfounded.
The Heaven's Wall City was indeed a small city in the Sky Capital State. However, because it was the closest city to the Tri-Layer Pass and the existence of the East Port, the flow of people and trade here was not small. The wealth accumulated by such a large population was definitely not a small amount.
50 times the wealth of the Heaven's Wall City. Just thinking about it made him feel dizzy. Lai Huabei was afraid that he would faint.
The pale-faced woman suddenly focused her gaze on Luo Zheng. A strange look flashed across her sad eyes as she asked, "You … don't seem … to have any psychological fluctuations?"
Luo Zheng naturally did not have any psychological fluctuations. His expression was very calm.
After all, the Dao Sword Palace was a superpower. The reward for the Palace Master was definitely not low. However, the divine crystals in Luo Zheng's hands were the inheritance of the entire Jiuli Tribe. Although he had only taken half of it, it was still an astronomical figure. Therefore, he was not too shocked when he heard her words.
Luo Zheng was considering another problem. Lai Huabei's strength was not enough, and his talent was far from enough to be valued by the Dao Sword Palace. Obtaining such a large amount of wealth was definitely not a good thing for him. Instead, it was a disaster.

Chapter 2644
A Qualified Person
Luo Zheng hadn't expected this woman to pay attention to him.
After all, it was Lai Huabei who had presented her with the Azure Edge Sword, not Luo Zheng.
He really shouldn't have revealed such an expression …
After some thought, Luo Zheng immediately revealed a worried expression and said, "Such a generous reward is indeed astonishing. I … I'm just worried that Brother Huabei might not be able to bear it. As the saying goes, an ordinary man's wealth is his own ruin."
The pale-faced woman looked at Luo Zheng and said thoughtfully, "So you're worried about this problem … It's not hard to solve … just give him a portion of it … but you're right. If the entire reward is given to Lai Huabei … I'm afraid many people in the Dao Sword Palace will become restless."
Lai Huabei's expression became nervous. He looked at the woman and asked, "Then what should I do?"
The pale-faced woman calmly glanced at Lai Huabei and then looked away. At the same time, she said, "What you do … has nothing to do with me … if you can find ten people, I'll take you on a journey … I'll only wait for one day."
After saying this, her figure gently floated away.
The three azure-clothed men from the Dao Sword Palace followed her. The Lord of Heaven's Wall City was afraid of neglecting them and also followed closely behind.
Only Luo Zheng, Lai Huabei, and the Qi Clan guards remained.
The Qi Clan guards didn't dare to have any thoughts of revenge. After confirming that the woman wouldn't cause trouble for them, they all fled as fast as they could.
Lai Huabei's expression was still nervous. The more he thought about Luo Zheng's words, the more reasonable they made sense. He asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, what … what do you think I should do?"
Luo Zheng smiled and comforted him, "Brother Huabei, there's no need to be too anxious. Although the Dao Sword Palace's reward is enormous, you can just refuse it."
"Refuse?" Lai Huabei was slightly taken aback.
This sum of wealth was enough to make the Lai Clan a great power in the entire Tiandu Province. Not everyone could casually refuse such a reward.
Lai Huabei's face revealed hesitation and even a trace of pain.
"After all, if you obtain this cenotaph, won't you achieve your goal of joining the Dao Sword Palace? If you are obsessed with this large amount of wealth, you will only bring more trouble to yourself, and even bring about the disaster of death, "Luo Zheng continued.
Of course, he was doing this for Lai Huabei's sake, but that was all he could say. As for what choice Lai Huabei would make, Luo Zheng would not interfere too much.
Humans would die in pursuit of wealth, and birds would die in pursuit of food. Even true gods were no exception. It was just that the wealth here had become "God Crystals" instead of the usual gold and silver. Not everyone could resist the temptation of such a huge amount of wealth.
Apart from this wealth, Lai Huabei also had 10 spots to enter the Dao Sword Palace.
All the large and small clans in the Heaven's Wall City had also heard the news. On the same day, dozens of Patriarchs had already paid a visit to Lai Huabei, hoping to buy a slot from him at a high price.
Even the city lord of the Heaven's Wall city returned after making arrangements for the four people from the Dao Sword Palace. He hoped to obtain one or two spots from Lai Huabei.
Lai Huabei did not forget about his good friends. When the three of them who had gone into the cave with Luo Zheng that day heard this news, they were all wild with joy. Although they had not done much, they had still risked their lives. This was the best reward for them.
Luo Zheng did not need this spot, but Lai Huabei did his best to give it to him. Just as Luo Zheng was trying to refuse, the city lord of the Heaven's Wall city said, "Friend Luo Zheng, the Autumn College has asked me to pass a message to you."
"What?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. He did not know why the woman would ask the city lord to pass a message to him.
"The Autumn College has said that if you go, she will give you a special spot. Also … if you stay in the Tiandu province, the Qi family will definitely seek revenge. If the Qi family sends people to kill you, it will probably bring about a lot of trouble," the city lord said.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. Although these words were vague, there was clearly a hint of coercion in them.
But why did the woman want him to join the Dao Sword Palace?
If Luo Zheng really wanted to join a superpower, he had better choices. Even though Mount Li was very far away from here, if Luo Zheng set his mind on going, he would be able to reach Mount Li one day after spending a lot of time. There, he would not only be able to receive Ming Wei's protection, but he would also be able to be with Luo Yan.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to refuse, 9527 suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, agree."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Chi You and 9527 had told him something. Luo Zheng had repeatedly asked 9527, but 9527 had refused to tell him. As a result, Luo Zheng did not know what to do now. Now, he suddenly wanted him to join the Dao Sword Palace.
"Listen to me," 9527 continued.
"You still haven't told me the reason!" Luo Zheng was a little dissatisfied.
"But that's what Chi You told me. So I'll help you plan your future path." 9527 laughed.
"What do you think I am?" Luo Zheng's face darkened.
"A pawn," 9527 joked.
"Why don't you go and die …"
Although Luo Zheng did not know 9527's real plan, he still reluctantly agreed.
Convincing Luo Zheng was originally Qiu Xuegong's task. Seeing that Luo Zheng had changed his mind and agreed, the Heaven's Wall City Lord finally breathed a sigh of relief.
The Heaven's Wall City Lord also knew what Qiu Xuegong had his eyes on. It was most likely the Dao Fusion Theurgy that Luo Zheng had previously displayed. For someone who could fuse so many Divine Daos, even if he had not reached the Nirvana Realm, his talent was terrifying.
Of course, a true god's lifespan was unlimited. If Luo Zheng's bone age was tens of millions of years, or even hundreds of millions of years, it would not be a big deal if he cultivated hundreds or even thousands of Divine Daos. However, this kid's bone age was not even 200 years old …
Since Luo Zheng had been specially approved by that woman, Lai Huabei only had six spots left.
Of these six spots, two were allocated to the Lai Family's disciples, two were given to the Heaven's Wall City Lord, and the remaining two were allocated to the two Distinguished Families of Heaven's Wall City. Everyone was happy. The Lai Family was not considered a big family in Heaven's Wall City. In the future, they would probably rise because of Lai Huabei.
The next day, Heaven's Wall City, East Port.
The Heaven's Wall City Lord led many people to send them off.
The pale-faced woman held the Green Edge Longsword in her hand. There was a lingering sadness in her eyes that could not be wiped away.
Actually, she did not reveal all the information. The owner of this Green Edge Longsword was her father.
A few hundred years had passed, and the pain in her heart had already calmed down. However, her father's death involved many aspects. Returning to the Dao Sword Palace this time would probably cause quite a lot of trouble …
As she thought, her gaze swept down the spacious flying boat and finally landed on Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2645
Kingdom of Arabian Demonic Flowers
When Lai Huabei and his group stepped onto the spacious flying boat, they were all very excited.
To them, this was a brand new life.
The Dao Sword Palace didn't give them much time to prepare. After they received the news, they hurriedly bade farewell to their families.
The azure flying ship of the Dao Sword Palace was exquisitely decorated. The wood used to build the ship had natural patterns on it. It should be an extremely rare type of wood. The natural patterns had the effect of calming one's mind. Everything on the flying ship was exquisite and comfortable.
After the ten Consummate True Gods boarded the flying boat, most of them were somewhat restrained. Lai Huabei and his group even tiptoed.
Only Luo Zheng was very calm.
After all, the divine territory itself was a flying boat. He had personally piloted such a huge flying boat before. Other flying boats seemed small in comparison. Moreover, the flying boat of the Dao Sword Palace couldn't be compared to the Lingxiao Flying Boat.
After everyone boarded the green flying boat, one of the men in green robes shouted, "Let's go!"
The green flying boat trembled slightly and silently left the east harbor.
The huge Heaven's Wall City quickly left. Soon, everyone ascended into the sky and flew forward at high speed.
Luo Zheng stood on the side of the boat and looked down. Even though he was high up in the sky, he could still see a patch of yellow.
"After the Heaven's Wall City, it's still a desert?" Luo Zheng's eyes focused slightly.
There were sandstorms floating above the desert. Luo Zheng also knew that these sandstorms were caused by the Arabian Demonic Flowers.
If the Heaven's Wall City was still surrounded by a vast desert, it would be bad for the Evil Deities.
A few days ago, after he released the Evil Deities, the Evil Deities didn't choose to enter the Heaven's Wall City. Instead, they left along the river. However, from a bird's eye view, the river stretched for hundreds of miles before finally merging into the desert …
However, from the looks of it, the Evil Deities shouldn't be in any danger. After all, once the Evil Deities died, they would be reborn in the "Spirit Lodging Land" in Luo Zheng's body.
"You … seem to be … very interested in the Tiandu Region?"
At this time, a weak voice came from behind Luo Zheng.
The pale-faced woman slowly walked beside him, as if she had no strength. She leaned her upper body against the side of the ship and looked down.
"Where does this desert end?" Luo Zheng asked.
The pale-faced woman blinked her eyes. She stretched out her jade-like hand and gently waved it. Then she said, "The entire Tiandu Province … is a desert … This is the Drought Desert … Over there is the Setting Sun Desert … Over there …"
"The Tiandu Province's environment is so bad?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
The woman revealed a faint smile. "Otherwise … Otherwise, who would give up on this state … Just because this place … only has sand …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
Lai Huabei explained to Luo Zheng that the Tiandu Province was not under the control of any major powers because of the Three Stacks Pass, and other major sects were not allowed to occupy this province. Luo Zheng also had some doubts in his heart, but now it seemed that this woman's explanation was more credible.
Because the Tiandu State was too barren, the other major powers did not even put it in their eyes.
"You aren't … someone from the Tiandu State, right?" The pale woman asked again.
This question had finally come …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Of course, he had expected that the Dao Sword Palace would interrogate him about his identity. He had also prepared a set of excuses.
"I am indeed not." Luo Zheng nodded.
He waited for the woman to continue her interrogation. Unexpectedly, this topic stopped here, and Luo Zheng's excuses could not be used.
On the airship, Lai Huabei and the others sat obediently to one side, while the three blue-clothed men stood at the bow of the airship, controlling it. Other than the sound of the wind produced by the high-speed flight, the airship was extremely quiet for a while.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he looked down. "That's …"
In the desert below, an unprecedented storm had arisen.
The area covered by this enormous sandstorm far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination, and in the center of this sandstorm, there was actually a vague outline of a vast city.
"The city of the Sand Nation," she said indifferently as she looked down.
Luo Zheng thought of the Sand Nation in the Red Sun Desert and said, "These Sand Nation people actually have their own country?"
"Country?" The woman lightly shook her head. "That's not the country of the Sand Nation … that's the country of the Arabian demonic flower … Look."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction she was pointing. Even from high up in the sky, Luo Zheng could see the enormous Arabian demonic flowers standing in the middle of the city. These Arabian demonic flowers were at least a thousand times larger than the ones Luo Zheng had seen before!
Each Arabian demonic flower was like a giant monster crawling on the ground, its seven heads looking in every direction.
This time, Luo Zheng was truly stunned. His mouth slightly opened as he asked, "How can these Arabian demonic flowers be so large …"
"Large … look again …" The pale-faced woman had him look to the other side.
Luo Zheng's pupils instantly constricted.
Tens of thousands of li in front of the airship was an even larger Arabian demonic flower.
This Arabian demonic flower was probably more than ten thousand li tall, and its enormous body was curled up on the ground. If it were to spread out, it would probably be more than a hundred thousand li long!
"That's the king of the Arabian demonic flower … it's reached the fifteenth Heaven of the Paramita Realm … the entire Sand Nation … is ruled by it … or perhaps it's the ruler of the entire Tiandu Province …" she indifferently said.
"A plant can reach the Paramita Realm and grow to such a level!" Luo Zheng was somewhat dazed.
The woman faintly smiled. "In this world … there are many more bizarre things …"
"But with so many Arabian demonic flowers, what do they feed on?" Luo Zheng asked another question.
Since the Arabian demonic flowers had established a massive country, their numbers were naturally enormous. Relying on the Sand Nation to lure in outsiders was simply impossible to fill the bellies of these Arabian demonic flowers.
"Their food … is the Sand Nation people themselves …" she indifferently said.
"They all feed on the Sand Nation people? Those Sand Nation people won't flee? " Luo Zheng lightly clenched his fists. He was no savior of the world, and he had even killed several Sand Nation people who had deceived him, but the Sand Nation people were still humans like him.
The woman indifferently looked at Luo Zheng and then said, "You really aren't … a person of the mother world!"
In Luo Zheng's subconscious mind, the human race should occupy the dominant position. The other beasts and monsters could be subordinate to the human race, but they could not be above the human race. Whether it was in the universe or in the Divine Realm, this was common knowledge.

Chapter 2646
Edited by: Michyrr
The Unknown Flame
Even Luo Zheng had heard of the Rat Alliance and the Arabian Demonic Flower after entering the Triple-Layer Pass.
But the concept of putting people first was deeply rooted in Luo Zheng's mind, and he found it very difficult to adapt.
Although the Dao Sword Palace had no interest in occupying the Tiandu Province, they had sent people to exterminate the Arabian Demonic Flowers in the Tiandu Province.
Although the Arabian Demonic Flowers could not move, they had incredible reproductive abilities. Each Arabian Demonic Flower could scatter millions of seeds, allowing them to rapidly grow even in the cruel environment of the desert.
Each time the Dao Sword Palace exterminated a Arabian Demonic Flower, it would only take a few years for it to grow again.
Thirty thousand years ago, when the Dao Sword Palace was too preoccupied with its own problems to pay attention to the Tiandu Province, an Arabian demonic flower in the Tiandu Province had silently stepped into the Paramita Realm and continued to grow. In the end, it fused with a Paramita token from the Fifteenth Heaven and became the king of the Arabian demonic flowers. From then on, it became even more difficult to exterminate them.
Moreover, the Arabian Demonic Flowers were very intelligent, and they used a unique system to raise the Sand People.
These Sand Nation people worshipped the Arabian Demonic Flower as a god. A portion of the Sand Nation people were able to obtain benefits from the Arabian Demonic Flower, but the majority of the Sand Nation people, in their ignorance, sacrificed themselves to the Arabian Demonic Flower.
To this portion of the Sand People, sacrificing themselves to the Arabian Demonic Flowers was a supreme honor.
When the Dao Sword Palace tried to stop the Arabian Demonic Flowers, it even provoked the hatred and attacks of these Sand People. In the end, the Dao Sword Palace could only allow the Arabian Demonic Flowers to grow in the desert.
"It's probably … taking my good intentions as ill intent …" She said softly, and a little bit of color returned to her pale face. This little bit of color actually dispelled her lifeless aura, making her look radiant.
The woman did not force Luo Zheng to speak of her background. Instead, she focused on explaining the situation in the Tiandu Province to Luo Zheng.
After hearing her intermittent explanation, Luo Zheng sighed. It seemed that the mother world was much more complicated than he had imagined …
Luo Zheng looked ahead, a hint of concern in his eyes. "But won't that Arabian demonic flower king attack us?"
The thick roots of the Arabian demonic flower stretched for one hundred thousand li, and if they were raised high enough, they could tear the airship to shreds.
"It's strong enough to dominate this place, but it doesn't dare to offend the flying ships that pass by … If it really offends our Dao Sword Palace and those merchant groups with powerful backgrounds, it will only bring disaster upon itself … Don't think that it's stupid," she said with a smile.
Perhaps it was due to the excitement of talking, her originally intermittent voice became much more coherent.
The three azure-robed men at the front of the flying boat quietly watched this side, muttering in their hearts.
From their point of view, Luo Zheng wasn't that special. It was just that he had cultivated more Shinto. But what did this mean? In this world, only crossing the Nirvana Realm was the real starting point.
They didn't know that the normally taciturn Qiu Xuegong would be chatting so much with this brat …
Not long after, the flying boat finally passed by the massive Arabian demonic flower king. Spatial ripples began to spread out from the boat, enveloping it before it vanished into the void.
Even though the Tiandu Province was a small province, it was still astonishingly large. If one wanted to save time, they would need to use greater teleportation.
… …
… …
The river in front of Heaven's Wall City was called the Clear River. The water of the Clear River was sweet and clear, nourishing many of the divine people around Heaven's Wall City.
At the end of the Clear River was the Hanhe Desert.
Evil Deities lightly circled around the edge of a sand dune. His eyes narrowed as he allowed the scalding sand to slap against his face.
"Friend … Friend … Can you take me to Heaven's Wall City?" A man's voice rang out in Evil Deities' ears.
This man appeared extremely weak, panting after saying a few words. His lips were extremely dry and cracked. It was clear that he was exhausted to the extreme.
Evil Deities stood on top of the sand dune and examined the man, an indescribable emotion in his eyes.
"Friend …" The man struggled to crawl across the sand dune until he finally reached the foot of Evil Deities. "Save me … I don't have any strength left …"
Evil Deities examined the man at his feet.
A ruthless smile appeared on his handsome face. "Interesting. So the humans of the outside world are no different. They can also deceive people."
"Wha, what do you mean …" the man weakly asked.
"Your methods are too clumsy!"
Evil Deities couldn't be bothered to explain how he had seen through the man's flaws. His lips slightly cracked as a ruthless aura erupted from his body.
He slowly squatted down and then grabbed the man by the neck and lifted him up.
When the man saw Evil Deities' ruthless face, he finally panicked. He was extremely weak just a moment ago, but now he desperately screamed, "Save me, this guy wants to kill me …"
But halfway through his scream, he felt an extremely hot aura surging from Evil Deities' hands. In the blink of an eye, he lost consciousness.
That was Evil Deities's supernatural ability — Unknown Fire. This flame only had temperature but no form. Even if it burned in the dark, it wouldn't release any light. Its power might be average, but it was impossible to guard against!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Just as the man cried for help, dozens of bulges appeared below the sand dune. It seemed like something was quickly drilling underneath.
When Evil Deities saw this, the corners of his mouth curled up again, revealing a devilish smile. Then, he raised the man in his hands and slammed him onto the ground.
"Pop!"
A strange scene appeared. The man in his hands quickly shriveled up!
The Unknown Fire released by Evil Deities just now had burned the man's blood, flesh, bones, and brain clean. His skin was filled with the Unknown Fire.
When he slammed the ground, the Unknown Fire in the man's body rushed into the ground and surged in all directions at the bottom of the desert.
"Ah ah!"
"What kind of fire is this …"
"It's burning!"
Below those bulges, there were Sand Nation people!
This group of Sand Nation people's cultivation wasn't low. Most of them were Upper True Gods. Because they had the advantage in numbers, they not only knew how to deceive, but also directly attack.
However, they were unlucky to have encountered Evil Deities this time.
These Sand Nation people crawled out from the ground and rolled crazily on the ground. Their skin and flesh were burned by the Unknown Fire. Their bodies were charred, but there was no trace of the fire.
In the blink of an eye, these Sand Nation people's lives were taken by the Unknown Fire.
Among the charred corpses, there was one person who was still alive. Evil Deities slowly walked towards this person.
In order to understand this world as quickly as possible, the fastest way was to directly search for souls.
In fact, beside Clear River, Evil Deities had a conflict with a God's citizen because of a small conflict. They directly slaughtered the God's citizen's village and obtained many memories of this world.

Chapter 2647
Edited by: Michyrr
Sword Congealing Palace
After the Evil Deities searched through this person's memories, he was taken aback.
"What the hell is this person's head filled with!?" A hint of indignation appeared on his face.
He didn't have any sort of good or evil, and his conduct was unreasonable and ruthless.
But there was one thing that made him the same as everyone else, and that was that he was a human. He had probably still been influenced by Luo Zheng.
In Luo Zheng's inner world, other races had risen to prominence, such as the Celestial Spirit Race. But with Luo Zheng's deliberate suppression and the rise of the Human race, the Celestial Spirit Race had slowly been marginalized. And the Evil Deities had fought on behalf of the Human race, but had never killed a Celestial Spirit expert.
In any case, the Evil Deities was extremely repulsed by other races …
From his memories, he had discovered the kingdom of the Sand People, and he also knew that these Sand People had submitted to the Arabian Demonic Flower. Every year, they would produce large numbers of Sand People for the Arabian Demonic Flower to eat!
"How could a perfectly good Human race submit to a few plants? Hmph! In the future, when I'm strong enough, I'll flatten these man-eating flowers one by one! "the Evil Deities muttered to himself.
As he continued to search through his memories, he was taken aback.
"True Dao Intent? Paramita? "
When the Evil Deities left Luo Zheng's inner world, he had sensed a special energy from Luo Zheng's body that the Evil Deities had never sensed before.
But the Evil Deities had been focused on leaving Luo Zheng, so he naturally hadn't tried to find out where that energy came from.
Now, he finally understood that Perfected True God was not the end, nor was fusing Dao. If he wanted to get stronger, he had to throw himself into the Paramita.
As an extremely ambitious person, this discovery was enough to make him tremble with joy.
He laughed dryly for a long time as if he had gone mad. Then, he threw down the Sand Nation person in his hand and walked slowly towards the yellow sand. The Sand Nation person's soul had been shattered into pieces by his soul-searching technique. He had become a living dead.
The Evil Deities had found a way to leave the sandstorm, but he had no plans to venture deep into the desert.
In the depths of the desert, the powerful Arabian Demonic Flowers of the Sand Kingdom lurked.
Although the Evil Deities was proud, he did not believe that he was a match for the Arabian Demonic Flower. Continuing to venture deeper into the desert would be suicidal.
But in his memories, the Evil Deities had found a different way. He only needed to follow the central line by surprise by surprise. There was another port there, by this port, the Demonic Flower.
… …
… …
Three days later …
The cyan flying boat had already flown to the edge of the Tiandu Region, and the huge boundary wall was like a layer of green and blue glass in front of the flying boat.
"The space laws in this realm wall are actually so deep and stable." Luo Zheng's mouth opened slightly as he looked at it, revealing a look of surprise.
There were boundary walls in the Great Thousand World, and there were boundary walls between the universes. However, there were no boundary walls between the major domains in the Divine Domain. However, there was an extremely sturdy spatial barrier in the outer layer of the Divine Domain. The spatial barrier was so thick that even Ming Wei and the others couldn't break it with all their might.
But this Demonic Deities Note was clearly far more stable than the Demonic Demonic Demonic Realm's outer layer. How would the Sword Palace pass through?
Luo Zheng quickly realized that his worries were unnecessary …
The azure-robed man on the Demonic Flower lightly jumped onto the Demonic Deities Note and thrust a palm at the Demonic Deities Note.
"Bo!"
A ripple appeared on the surface of the Demonic Deities Note, and then a complex golden Sanskrit character appeared.
When Luo Zheng saw this golden Sanskrit character, he raised an eyebrow. Although the golden Sanskrit characters were mostly the same, some were simpler while others were abnormally complex. The golden Sanskrit character before him was actually rather similar to the golden Sanskrit characters around Luo Zheng's inner world.
Alas, the golden Sanskrit character flashed by so quickly that Luo Zheng had no time to record it.
The azure-robed man returned to the Demonic Flower and discussed with the other two. A strange ripple appeared on the surface of the Demonic Flower, and a large formation unfurled in front of the Demonic Flower like an umbrella.
Under the flowing light of this large formation, a huge Sanskrit character was outlined. This Sanskrit character faintly matched the golden Sanskrit characters on the Demonic Deities Note.
When the front of the Demonic Flower touched the Demonic Deities Note, there was no obstruction at all. The entire Demonic Flower entered the thick Demonic Flower!
Even Lai Huabei and the others raised their heads and looked around curiously. Although they knew of the Demonic Flower's existence, this was the first time in their lives that they had crossed a large state.
"After the large formation in front of the Demonic Flower unfurled, the Demonic Flower was actually recognized by the Demonic Flower." Luo Zheng clicked his tongue in wonder.
The Demonic Flower's Demonic Flower was about three thousand feet thick. The Demonic Flower slowly traveled for five minutes before it was able to pass through. After coming out from the other side of the Demonic Flower, a gust of fresh air rushed towards them.
The world in front of them was green and full of vitality. This was the Seven Stars State where the Dao Sword Palace was located.
Phew …
As the Demonic Flower accelerated again, the surrounding scenery became blurry again.
Two hours later, the Demonic Flower stopped again. Lai Huabei and the other residents of Heaven's Wall City all stood up and leaned against the ship's railing to look down.
"This is the legendary Dao Sword Palace!"
"Towering Sword! That's a Towering Sword! "
"Facing the Towering Sword, comprehending the True Intent of Dao can be done with half the effort!"
When Lai Huabei and the others saw the landmark of the Dao Sword Palace, they were all very excited.
Below the Demonic Flower stood a huge mountain city. Densely packed houses and palaces were built along the mountain. In the center of the mountain city stood a giant sword that was seventy thousand feet long!
Even from such a great distance, Luo Zheng could feel the intense True Intent of Dao from the stone sword.
"I'm afraid that only Desolate Gods can wield such a giant sword. Didn't they say that the Desolate Gods in the Mother World have already gone extinct? How was this Towering Sword forged in the Dao Sword Palace? "Luo Zheng muttered in his heart.
As the Demonic Flower continued to descend, the Towering Sword also disappeared from their sight. Finally, the Demonic Flower stopped on a platform in the middle of the mountain city.
The pale-faced woman jumped up and stood on the ship's railing. She turned her head and looked at Lai Huabei and the others. Finally, her gaze fell on Luo Zheng. Her eyes flashed with a thoughtful light. She then said, "Yu Wenhua … Let's settle them in the Sword Congealing Palace …"
As her voice fell, her body trembled slightly. She turned into a streak of light and entered the mountain city.
"Come with me," the man called Yu Wenhua said calmly.
Under Yu Wenhua's lead, everyone walked along the mountain city's densely packed buildings and finally arrived at the Sword Congealing Palace.
When they arrived at the entrance of the Sword Congealing Palace, two men in green slowly walked over and bowed to Yu Wenhua.
"Because these eleven people unearthed the Cenotaph, the Autumn Academy made an exception and allowed them to enter the Sword Congealing Palace," Yu Wenhua explained.
The two men in green nodded and led Lai Huabei and the others into the Sword Congealing Palace.

Chapter 2648
Little Fiends
A man in azure robes sat in a corner of the Sword Condensation Palace.
The man was burly and dark-skinned. He had a frivolous smile on his face, and his face was covered in stubble. His clothes were covered in stains, making him look extremely sloppy.
Lai Huabei and the others had been thinking about their days in the Dao Sword Palace.
The burly man's words were like a bucket of cold water that had been poured over their heads. Luo Zheng was still fine, but Lai Huabei and the others immediately became extremely ugly.
"C- palace master Chu, how can you say that?" An azure-robed man felt humiliated as well.
The burly man smiled faintly. He crawled to his feet and slowly walked towards Lai Huabei and the others. As he walked, he said, "The Dao Sword Palace has thirteen academies under it. The Sword Burial Palace, the Demon Sword Palace, and the Broken Sword Palace are all first-rate academies. The Fury Sword Palace, the Upper Sword Palace … these are all second-rate academies. The Sword Condensation Palace, ranked last, was created to accept people like you who joined the Dao Sword Palace through strange methods. Staying in the Sword Condensation Palace will only be a waste of your lives. Are you sure you want to join?"
Lai Huabei was the first to lose his temper when he heard that.
The burly man's words were like an invisible hand, directly crushing his dreams.
"It's said that you can become a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace as long as you obtain the tombs. It looks like the Dao Sword Palace doesn't plan on fulfilling that promise?" Lai Huabei questioned.
The burly man smiled gently. "There's naturally no reason for the Dao Sword Palace to not fulfill its promise. If you're willing to stay in the Sword Condensation Palace, I'll naturally welcome you …"
"But what do you mean by what you just said?" Lai Huabei asked furiously.
The burly man shrugged. "I'm just telling the truth."
The Dao Sword Palace was a huge organization in the Seven Star province, so it was naturally intertwined with extremely complicated relationships.
Many large clans in the Seven Star province hoped to squeeze their own people into the Dao Sword Palace. Due to various considerations, the Dao Sword Palace was unable to refuse these clans.
Originally, the Dao Sword Palace had twelve Academia Palaces, but an exception was made to add the Sword Condensation Palace behind it, making it thirteen Academia Palaces. Those hedonistic disciples who could not refuse but were lacking in talent were naturally shoved into the Sword Condensation Palace.
Those who entered the Dao Sword Palace through the tombs would also join the Sword Condensation Palace.
It was just as the burly man had said. The Dao Sword Palace was a place for trash.
Lai Huabei and the others were furious when they found out the truth.
Luo Zheng's expression remained the same.
Back in Heaven's Wall City, Luo Zheng had been very suspicious of the rules of the Dao Sword Palace. It was just that he did not want to throw cold water on Huabei.
No matter which major force it was, they needed to unearth the most outstanding disciples. If they recruited ordinary disciples, it would only be a waste of resources. This was the case in the God's Domain, and it was the same in the Mother World.
"Now, do you still want to join us?" A treacherous smile appeared on the burly man's face.
Lai Huabei clenched his fists and furrowed his brows. He gritted his teeth and said, "I'm in!"
The other people in the Heaven's Wall City also knew that this opportunity didn't come easily. If they were to return to the Heaven's Wall City now, it would be a huge humiliation.
"I'll join too!"
"I'm in!"
"I'm willing to join …"
The others also followed suit and said.
The burly man looked at the sincere expressions of these people. His eyes revealed a trace of pity. "Alright, since that's the case, go to the backyard after you register. I hope that those little devils will stop for a while …"
Just as everyone was preparing to register with the two green robed men, the burly man said, "Remember, my name is Qiu Shengshui. I am the Palace Lord of the Sword Congealing Palace. If you encounter any trouble, it's best not to trouble me. Try to solve it yourself."
After speaking, the Palace Lord left without looking back.
Hearing these words, everyone was speechless. After registering with a nervous heart, they each received a nameplate. Perhaps it was because the Sword Congealing Palace wasn't valued, but the entire process was extremely simple.
The two green robed men brought everyone to the backyard and told them that this was the residence of the Sword Congealing Palace. They then left without looking back, as though they were afraid of something.
Although the Sword Congealing Palace wasn't valued, it was still built on the scale of a school. The backyard of the palace was extremely spacious.
Just as Lai Huabei and the others were still standing there in a daze, a soft whistle suddenly sounded from the backyard. From each corner of the backyard, twenty to thirty green robed youths slowly walked out.
Looking at the unfriendly faces of these youths, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
"Hehe, it's only been half a month and there are people who don't know what's good for them to join the Sword Congealing Palace. It seems like you guys aren't from Seven Stars City." The leader, a long haired youth, lightly laughed. His voice carried a trace of contempt.
"The people from Seven Stars City aren't that stupid. Our Sword Congealing Palace is notorious. Even if you beat them to death, they wouldn't dare to come." Another silver haired youth had a strange smile on his face.
Lai Huabei stood at the front and stared at the leader, trembling as he asked, "You … What do you mean?"
"Nothing. It's just that the Sword Congealing Palace has its own rules. The first step to joining the Sword Congealing Palace is to let you know the rules …"
Just as the long haired youth was still speaking, Luo Zheng had already turned around and walked out.
"Brother Luo Zheng, where are you going?" Lai Huabei anxiously asked.
Lai Huabei seemed to be the backbone of this group, but when he met with trouble, the first thing he would look to was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not pay any attention to Lai Huabei. He jogged quickly and caught up with the two men in green.
When the two green robed youths saw Luo Zheng chasing after them, they asked with a strange expression, "Friend, do you need something?"
Luo Zheng asked with a smile, "I want to ask, what are the rules of the Sword Congealing Palace? If a disciple of the palace fights, what is the punishment? "
The two green robed youths looked at each other. They obviously knew what was going to happen in the backyard, which was why they left in such a hurry. Although the little demons' talents were ordinary, each one of them had a strong background. They were also the main culprits of the Sword Congealing Palace's notoriety.
"Our Sword Congealing Palace doesn't have many rules. But when the disciples spar, it's fine as long as no one dies." The green robed youths replied.
Almost all of the disciples who joined the Sword Congealing Palace had to go through the baptism of the little demons. Only a small number of people were able to persevere. The majority chose to leave the Sword Congealing Palace after a day.
This year, there were almost a hundred people who chose to leave.
"Thank you, I understand." Luo Zheng nodded and once again walked towards the backyard.
The two green robed youths shook their heads, "This person doesn't believe in heresy. If he leaves now, he might be able to avoid physical pain. Those guys are …"

Chapter 2649
Counterattack
Although the disciples of Sword Congealing Palace had average talent, they were closely related to the entire Seven Star City and the upper echelons of Dao Sword Palace.
They were either the direct descendants of some elders or the large clans of Seven Star City.
Before these people entered Sword Congealing Palace, they were like little tyrants in their own clans. After entering Sword Congealing Palace, they had become the malignant tumor of Dao Sword Palace. If you rashly provoked them, not only would you not gain any benefits, you would only bring trouble to yourself.
After Luo Zheng understood the general rules, he had a rough idea of what to do and returned to the backyard.
Before he even got close to the backyard, he heard a series of explosions coming from the backyard. A wave of heat came through the wall, followed by several screams.
Lai Huabei and the others were lying on the ground, their bodies were scorched and they were all heavily injured.
The person beside Lai Huabei was clearly enraged and said, "We entered Sword Congealing Palace, we are all fellow disciples. How can you treat us like this?"
This person was recommended by the Heaven's Wall City Lord and had a high status in Heaven's Wall City. He was also a proud person, how could he endure being teased by Sword Congealing Palace?
"Who is fellow disciple with you? Are you qualified?" The youngest silver-haired youth took two steps forward and stomped the person to the ground. He lowered his head and chuckled, "Entering our Condensing Sword Palace, the Grand Palaces and Qiu Shengshui's words don't count. Only our words count!"
This person gritted his teeth and asked, "Then how does it count as joining Sword Congealing Palace?"
The silver-haired youth shrugged and laughed, "Five stages. Just now was the first stage, the barbecued meat stage …"
"Then what's the second stage?" This person asked again.
"The second stage is the statue stage." The silver-haired youth's fingertips emitted traces of Dao Accumulation and a chill spread out, "We will freeze you into statues and place you in our yard for ten days to half a month. If you are willing, I will do it now."
Lai Huabei was extremely disappointed in Dao Sword Palace. Now that he was being humiliated by these people, his eyes were burning with anger.
Although he was a kind person, under his anger, he also exploded with strong killing intent, "I am willing to fight you to the death!"
"Xiu!"
The Dao Connotation in Lai Huabei's body burst out, and his whole body rushed towards the silver-haired youth like a sharp knife.
When a Complete Real God unleashed his full power, his power could not be underestimated, especially at such a close distance.
However, just as Lai Huabei took a step forward, a disciple of the Sword Condensation Palace took out a silver bead. The silver bead flashed with a silver light and Lai Huabei discovered that his Dao Connotation had completely disappeared …
Before he could reach the silver-haired youth, the silver-haired youth flipped over and kicked Lai Huabei in a very beautiful manner.
Lai Huabei's chest immediately caved in, and his entire body flew back several feet. He then fiercely hit a rockery in the backyard, and fainted for a moment.
"You want to risk your life against me with a lowly life like yours?" The silver-haired youth said coldly.
These hedonistic sons might not be very strong, but they were ultimately from large family clans. Almost all of them had great treasures in their hands, and all of them had Hermit divine powers. Ordinary Perfect True Gods would not be a match for them.
Seeing Lai Huabei's miserable state, the faces of the people from the Heaven's Wall City were extremely ugly.
Previously, they already knew that the Sword Condensation Palace was not a proper place for cultivation. However, it was still a learning palace under the Dao Sword Palace. No matter what, they had to join first.
They never expected that the Sword Condensation Palace would have such a group of ruthless people. Some of them recalled what Qiu Shengshui said, and understood that the "little devil" he was talking about was this group of people in front of them!
"Those who are willing to pass the five stages, stand up and queue up. The rockery in the backyard is too monotonous. Although you all are a little ugly, it's not bad to place you there. If you are not willing … you can leave the Sword Condensation Palace now," the silver-haired youth said with a laugh.
The hedonistic sons behind him also laughed. Every time there was a new person joining, it was a happy moment for them. It had almost become a habit over the years.
"Let's leave the Sword Condensation Palace …"
"These guys are obviously making things difficult for us!"
"Even if we agree, they will not let us off in the future!"
The people from the Heaven's Wall City also understood that these guys would not let the matter rest. Their goal was to chase away the new people who joined.
"You all are right," the silver-haired youth said indifferently. "The resources of the Sword Condensation Palace are limited. You guys who don't know where you came from, wanting a share of our resources is simply wishful thinking. If you know what's good for you, leave early …"
Just as the silver-haired youth finished speaking, Luo Zheng had already walked slowly into the backyard from the corridor.
His gaze swept over and saw Lai Huabei embedded in the rockery.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng walked up to the rockery and helped Lai Huabei down from the rockery. Following that, a green light appeared in his hand. That was the Dao of the Life Divine Dao.
Under the nourishment of the Dao, Lai Huabei's injuries quickly recovered. Not long after, he slowly woke up.
"Brother Luo Zheng … where did you go just now?" Lai Huabei asked as soon as he woke up.
"To understand the rules," Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"Understand what rules?" Lai Huabei asked with a puzzled expression.
Luo Zheng released Lai Huabei and slowly got up. He said indifferently, "I heard that if you fight in the Sword Condensation Palace, it's fine as long as no one dies. I didn't expect the rules of the Sword Condensation Palace to be so loose."
When the silver-haired youth heard this, a mocking smile appeared on his face. "You went to understand the rules for no reason. Could it be that you dare to attack us?"
In Seven Stars City, they were the only ones who dared to challenge others. No one dared to provoke them.
Luo Zheng gently clasped his hands together. He looked at the silver-haired youth and smiled faintly. "That's exactly what I was planning to do!"
Just as he finished speaking, before anyone could react, Luo Zheng heavily slammed his heel on the ground. The black brick on the ground turned into powder and Luo Zheng charged towards the silver-haired youth like an arrow released from a bow.
The silver-haired youth never thought that Luo Zheng would dare to attack. His eyes flashed with a fierce light. Just as he was about to berate him, Luo Zheng's fist had already struck the silver-haired youth's face.
"Bang!"
Accompanied by a teeth-numbing muffled sound, the silver-haired youth's entire body tumbled in the air and smashed into the wall on the side of the backyard.
Luo Zheng had held back ninety percent of his strength in this punch. If he had used his full strength, he could have directly smashed the silver-haired youth's head into powder.
Even so, the silver-haired youth's injuries were extremely serious. His originally handsome facial features were blurred and he lay motionless on the ground like a dead dog.

Chapter 2650
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A Lesson in Blood
The air in the backyard froze for a few breaths. These hedonistic sons of rich parents never thought that Luo Zheng would dare to make a move like this.
"How dare you make a move on Yue Bai Hao!" a hedonistic son of rich parents shouted.
Luo Zheng turned his head and smiled at this hedonistic son of rich parents. "I'm a very fair person …"
"Fair for what?" That hedonistic son of rich parents didn't know what Luo Zheng meant.
"I'll make a move on everyone," Luo Zheng said. Then, like a ghost, he floated over and slapped that hedonistic son of rich parents heavily.
"Slap!"
A crisp slap rang out. That hedonistic son of rich parents was sent flying by Luo Zheng. He spun seven or eight times in the air before falling to the ground.
These hedonistic sons of rich parents finally understood that this guy wasn't that simple.
"Mind Fixation Pearl!"
One of the hedonistic sons of rich parents took out that silver pearl again. This pearl flashed slightly and completely sealed Luo Zheng's Taoist Connotation.
However, Luo Zheng didn't use his Taoist Connotation at all. He only relied on the explosion of his strength to achieve extremely high speed!
The most important thing was that although these hedonistic sons of rich parents had cultivation, their actual combat ability was close to zero. They might be good at pranking others and using their magic treasures to bully ordinary Perfect True Gods, but they were powerless in front of Luo Zheng, who had experienced hundreds of battles.
Luo Zheng's Dantian was sealed by the Mind Fixation Pearl. He immediately felt that his Dantian wasn't operating smoothly. In the blink of an eye, he had already rushed to the front of that hedonistic son of rich parents. His hands stretched out like lightning, grasped the Mind Fixation Pearl, and suddenly twisted it.
"Crackle, crackle …"
That hedonistic son of rich parents' arm was broken into several pieces!
Looking at the other party's frightened eyes, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart.
These people really only had cultivation and magic treasures. They had almost no ability to adapt. They were too weak …
"Trap him!" someone shouted loudly.
How could it be easy to trap Luo Zheng?
Under the operation of the True Meaning of Dao, coupled with his extremely high explosive speed, these people couldn't even catch up to Luo Zheng's afterimage.
Boom!
"Ka ka ka …"
"Pa …"
The houses in the backyard, the rockery, and the walls kept collapsing. Even the ground shook from time to time.
When the two green robed men at the entrance of the Sword Congealing Palace heard the commotion behind them, they could not help but sigh.
"What a huge commotion. I reckon the entire backyard will be torn down by them again!"
"When was it not the same? Every time I see that group of rookies, I can't help but feel sorry for them. Every time, I would do my best to dissuade them from joining the Dao Sword Palace, but in the end, my good intentions would be treated as ill intent. Now, I can't be bothered to say anything. There are many things that can only be regretted after trying them out. "
While the two of them were talking, the ground was still trembling. The commotion in the backyard was getting louder and louder.
A moment later, a violent explosion suddenly came from the backyard.
Boom!
A terrifying aura spread out, causing the entire Sword Congealing Palace to tremble.
The two green robed disciples guarding the palace entrance were slightly stunned. They looked at each other and revealed a surprised expression. If they let this go on, these people would probably tear down the entire Sword Congealing Palace.
"Let's go! Let's go take a look! "
In the past, no matter how much trouble these hedonistic disciples caused, they had never caused such a huge commotion. This time, it seemed to be different.
The two green robed men went straight to the backyard …
In a short while, one of the green robed men went straight to the back mountain of the Sword Congealing Palace.
Qiu Shengshui was lying in a pavilion in the back mountain, drinking wine.
Ever since he was appointed as the Palace Master of the Sword Congealing Palace, Qiu Shengshui had been depressed most of the time. The Sword Congealing Palace's current state had something to do with him.
Whoosh!
The green robed man flew into the pavilion in the back mountain and stammered, "Palace Master Qiu, s-something bad has happened …"
Qiu Shengshui looked at him indifferently and said, "Those rookies can't take it anymore and want to leave?"
He had already expected this to happen, so he wasn't surprised.
"No!" The green robed man shook his head and said, "The disciples of the Yue, Bai, and Qiu families were all … all knocked unconscious. I don't believe it. Qiu Siyuan even triggered a Hermit Divine Ability. More than half of the Sword Congealing Palace was destroyed!"
"What?"
Hearing this, Qiu Shengshui's expression changed. He threw the wine jug aside and disappeared.
In the blink of an eye, Qiu Shengshui arrived at the Sword Congealing Palace.
Just as the green robed man said, the entire backyard of the Sword Congealing Palace had been turned into ruins.
The houses, pavilions, and courtyards had all been turned into ruins!
In the backyard, the rookies were all standing in their original positions. The hedonistic disciples of the Sword Congealing Palace were all in a terrible state.
The lightest injuries were broken arms and legs. There were even a few who had half their bodies smashed and were lying on the ground on the verge of death. It was unknown whether they were dead or alive. Among these hedonistic sons, the only one who was still standing was the long-haired young man.
Around the long-haired youth's body was a golden eggshell.
This golden eggshell was a Hermit Divine Ability given to him by the Qiu family's head. When he was injured, it would activate. It was because of this golden eggshell that he wasn't knocked unconscious by Luo Zheng.
"You're finished!"
"Not only did you offend the Qiu family! You also offended the Yue and Bai family! "
"It's enough for you to die ten thousand times!"
The long-haired youth hid behind the golden eggshell and threatened while gnashing his teeth.
Luo Zheng had heard too many threats. The long-haired youth's words were not threatening at all.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He opened his arms and flew up like a roc.
"Boom!"
This time, Luo Zheng used eighty percent of his strength!
Under the tremendous force, the golden eggshell shook violently, but it still managed to block Luo Zheng's attack.
"Continue! You think you can break the Hermit Divine Ability set up by my grandfather? Wishful thinking! "The long-haired youth roared.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng didn't care about the long-haired youth's ridicule. He just poured his violent strength on the golden eggshell.
After he smashed it again and again, a crack finally appeared on the top layer of the eggshell.
This time, the long-haired youth panicked. His eyes were full of fear. He knew very well that he was not Luo Zheng's opponent. Once the golden eggshell was broken, he would probably end up like the others.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and gathered his strength in his fist. Just as he was about to smash the golden eggshell, a thick palm suddenly blocked him from the side.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's fist smashed into the palm. He felt like an ox entering a sea of mud. All his strength disappeared without a trace.
"Enough." Qiu Shengshui stood in front of Luo Zheng.
He looked at the youth in front of him with a cautious gaze.

Chapter 2651
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
The destroyed Sword Congealing Palace
The long-haired youth saw Qiu Shengshui make a move and his face became even more ferocious.
He screamed, "Qiu Shengshui! Kill him for me! Just like squashing an ant! "
The long-haired youth was called Qiu Siyuan. Although he was not very powerful, he had a high status in the Qiu Family. Hence, he ordered Qiu Shengshui to make a move.
Lai Huabei and company heard this and became nervous. If the Palace Master was to blame, Luo Zheng would definitely be in trouble.
However, Luo Zheng still stood up for them. Lai Huabei cupped his hands towards Qiu Shengshui and said, "Palace Master Qiu, Brother Luo Zheng only stood up for us. If there is any punishment, you can give it to us!"
Qiu Shengshui did not seem to hear what they said. He only stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You just joined Sword Congealing Palace and you dare to injure and cripple so many disciples. You are quite brave?"
Luo Zheng said calmly, "I have already asked my friend about Sword Congealing Palace's rules."
As he said that, Luo Zheng pointed at the green-clothed man not far away.
The green-clothed man was stunned. He was also afraid that the responsibility would fall on him. He hurriedly said, "Me? I only said that no one dies in the sparring between disciples. Sword Congealing Palace has always had this rule. "
The green-clothed man did not expect that Luo Zheng would cause such a huge commotion.
Luo Zheng smiled at Qiu Shengshui, "This rule is not bad. No one died today. Although the disciples of Sword Congealing Palace are severely injured, no one died. They will recover after some treatment."
Most of these people were Perfect True Gods. When Luo Zheng attacked, he purposely avoided the dantian and soul spirit. As for the physical body, no matter how badly it was damaged, it could be recovered. Especially in a big faction like Dao Sword Palace.
Qiu Shengshui stared at Luo Zheng for a while and suddenly had a thought.
After all, Luo Zheng was shoved in by Qiu Academy. Qiu Academy was personally in charge of Dao Sword Thirteen Academies. It was impossible that he did not know about the chaos in Sword Congealing Palace. Could this be one of Qiu Academy's goals?
No one could control these fops. This kid Luo Zheng Yi did teach them a lesson. If that was the case …
"Qiu Shengshui! Did you hear me! I asked you to kill him! "Qiu Siyuan gritted his teeth.
Qiu Shengshui. and Qiu and Qiu and Qiu Shengshui. Qiu Shengshui. Qiu Shengshui, and smiled Shengshui turned Shengshui. Qiu and Qiu Shengshui. Palace.
"Shengshui Shengshui. Shengshui, Translation Shengshui '. was... and Qiu Shengshui...
When Qiu Shengshui heard Qiu Siyuan call himself "Laozi", a trace of ruthlessness flashed through the depths of Qiu Shengshui's eyes. He extended his hand and lightly patted the golden eggshell on the surface of Qiu Siyuan's body. This golden eggshell was originally on the verge of shattering, but it completely shattered under his light pat.
Then, Qiu Shengshui patted his shoulder and smiled, "You and I are both from the Qiu Family. Back then, I was a hundred times more arrogant than all of you. However, there is one thing that is different from all of you. No matter how strong the opponent is, I will fight back with my own strength.
After saying that, he walked out without looking back.
"You, you, Qiu Shengshui... I will report you to my father. You are the trash of the Qiu family. You don't even help your own family. You were banished to the school because of that bitch. You deserve it! "
Qiu Siyuan. Qiu Shengshui didn't care about him. He stared at Qiu Shengshui's back and cursed.
Just as he was cursing madly, Qiu Shengshui suddenly turned his head. His originally kind and lonely face was filled with savagery, and his eyes were blood red.
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat at this moment, and his body flew backward.
While flying backwards, an invisible force rolled out from his arms. It pushed Lai Huabei and Heaven's Wall City a few hundred feet away.
Just as Luo Zheng retreated, Qiu Sheng Shui suddenly roared, "Scram!"
"Boom!"
The earth shook..
..................
Half of the Sword Congealing Palace was destroyed. Now, the other half was flattened by the shockwave.
Even though Luo Zheng pulled Lai Huabei and the others a few hundred feet away, they were bleeding from their seven orifices.
As for Qiu Siyuan, he was covered in blood. Not a single part of his body was intact.
This was the result of Qiu Shengshui holding back. If it wasn't for the Qiu family, Qiu Shengshui's roar would have turned him into dust.
The two men in green were also frightened. They fell to the ground. They had never seen Palace Master Qiu so angry...
.
.
The destroyed Sword Congealing Palace was rebuilt three days later.
The Seven Star City's wastrels who were injured by Luo Zheng were sent back to their families for treatment.
The injuries of these profligate sons looked terrifying, but they did not harm their foundation. Among them, the one with the most serious injuries was Qiu Siyuan. Even his soul had suffered quite a bit of damage, but the one who attacked was not Luo Zheng, but Qiu Shengshui.
The new members of the Sword Congealing Palace were also assigned to their own residences.
These days, Lai Huabei and the others were still uneasy. They had just arrived and already offended everyone here. What if the other party really wanted to punish them? But what he was worried about did not happen.
In the middle of the night, Luo Zheng leaned against the corner of the roof of his residence and looked up at the starry sky.
The night in the Seven Star State was beautiful. Above his head were fist-sized stars that emitted all kinds of light.
These stars moved very fast. In a few breaths, they could circle the sky. He did not know what the deep space of the mother world was made of to form such a magical scene.
"Hey, why do you think I came to this damned place?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng accepted the woman's invitation because of 9527's sudden decision. Luo Zheng did not see the point of joining this damned place. Especially this Sword Congealing Palace. It was simply a garbage dump.
"Nothing much. It's safer to join a human force than to wander around aimlessly," 9527 replied calmly.
"This is the route you planned for me?" Luo Zheng said unhappily.
9527 did not have the slightest sense of self-blame and said, "What else? What's the use of your current strength? No matter where you are in the mother world, you are still an insignificant character. Other than making yourself stronger, is there any other way? "
"Then at least choose a good place to go. This Sword Congealing Palace is too bad," Luo Zheng complained.
"The Ancient Scorpion Clan in the mother world owes me a favor. If you go to the Ancient Scorpion Clan, I can help you get a good position. But do you really not mind being with those stinky scorpions?" 9527 asked.
Luo Zheng curled his lips and did not say anything.
There were all kinds of strange races in the mother world. Most of them were not human.

Chapter 2652
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Two Birds with One Stone
Qiu Siyuan was the last to wake up.
When he woke up, he found himself soaked in a large vat. The vat was filled with a blood-red liquid.
This liquid was the juice of the Ghost Face Worm. This juice was rich in soul power and could effectively heal the damage to the soul.
The moment he woke up, anger surged in his heart!
Just as he was about to jump out of the vat, a lady behind him flew over like a ghost and pressed him back into the vat.
"Young Master's injuries are serious. Please continue to rest in the vat," the lady said with a sweet smile. She seemed to be very patient.
"I want to see my father! That Qiu Shengshui dared to hurt me. I want my father to chase him out of the Qiu Family! "Qiu Siyuan said unwillingly.
Hearing her young master's request, the lady shook her head slightly and said, "I've already asked your father …"
"What did my father say?" Qiu Siyuan's eyes flashed.
"He said you deserved it," the lady said helplessly. "Although Qiu Shengshui was demoted by the Elders Guild, he is still a hero of the Qiu Family. Back then, the Qiu Family let him down. Even the Elders didn't dare to expose this in front of Qiu Shengshui, but you did. You're lucky that he didn't kill you …"
Qiu Siyuan frowned slightly. He also realized that he had gone overboard. At least, he shouldn't have targeted Qiu Shengshui.
He still had lingering fears when he recalled Qiu Shengshui's roar.
"Hmph! Let's put this aside first! That kid from the Condensing Sword Palace … Qiao Qing, come with me to kill him! "Qiu Siyuan said again.
This lady called Qiao Qing was the adopted daughter of the Qiu Family. She was quite talented. Even if she didn't join the Academy, she had already stepped into the Nirvana Realm under the Qiu Family's nurturing. Killing a Perfect True God was not a problem for her.
Qiao Qing and Qiu Siyuan had always had a good relationship. Qiu Siyuan thought that she would agree, but Qiao Qing shook her head and said, "Young Master, Qiao Qing can't do this …"
"Why?" Qiu Siyuan's voice raised an octave. Qiao Qing used to listen to him.
"Master doesn't allow Qiao Qing to do it," she said helplessly.
"Then I'll find someone else!" There were many experts in the Qiu Clan, and as a Young Master, there had to be someone he could call.
"I'm afraid that won't work either …" Qiao Qing continued, "Qiu Xuecong has already made an appearance. She has also informed the Qiu family that the academy's matters should be resolved by yourselves. Your father has also agreed."
"How could this be?" Qiu Siyuan frowned. "Then I can't do anything to that kid?"
"There is a way." Qiao Qing smiled.
"What method?" Qiu Siyuan asked.
Qiao Qing blinked her eyes and said, "Young Master, you can take revenge with your own strength …"
Qiu Siyuan immediately fell silent.
That guy called Luo Zheng had already comprehended the True Meaning of Dao. His figure was like a ghost, and he had boundless strength. How could he rely on his own ability to take revenge? How was this possible?
Half a day later, Qiu Siyuan found Yue Baihao.
After these thirty plus hedonistic disciples were healed, they did not head to the Sword Congealing Palace. Instead, they gathered at a restaurant in Seven Stars City.
"What? Your Yue Baihao family is also like this? "Qiu Siyuan was slightly stunned.
Yue Baihao stroked the hair on his forehead and smacked his lips. "That's right. Those guards in the family can't even be ordered around. Every single one of them acted as if it had nothing to do with them. Just where did that Luo Zheng come from? Could it be that our Qiu family and Yue Baihao family are afraid of him? "
"Our family is afraid of an outsider? What kind of place is Heaven's Wall City? I've never even heard of it. In the entire Tiandu state, there are no forces on the stage! "Qiu Siyuan said emotionally.
"But they really don't dare to make a move against Luo Zheng." Yue Baihao's face was also filled with confusion.
Qiu Siyuan thought for a moment, then his eyes flashed. "Let's go find Qiu Ri! When the time comes, we'll join forces with Qiu Ri and see how that kid deals with it! "
"Qiu Ri …" Yue Baihao heard this suggestion and his expression changed slightly.
There were many hedonistic disciples in the Sword Congealing Palace, but there were still some geniuses among them. Qiu Ri was one of them.
However, most of the time, Qiu Ri was not in the Sword Congealing Palace. Furthermore, that fellow was a classic example of someone who only cared about money and not people. Ordering him around would probably cost a lot of divine crystals …
However, these hedonistic disciples valued their reputation more than anything else. When faced with such a setback, they would definitely seek revenge.
A group of more than thirty people rushed out of the restaurant. The other diners also knew where these people came from, so who would dare to provoke them?
On the top floor of the restaurant, the pale-faced Qiu Xuegong silently observed the situation below.
Beside Qiu Xuegong sat a white-haired old man. This old man was one of the three elders of the Dao Sword Palace, and also Qiu Siyuan's grandfather, Qiu Hanzhao.
"Is it really okay to do this?" Qiu Hanzhao asked with a frown.
Qiu Xuegong smiled faintly, then said, "These hedonistic disciples … need to be taught a lesson …"
"Then is Luo Zheng really a genius like you said, fusing over a thousand Divine Daos at such a young age?" Qiu Hanzhao asked again.
Qiu Xuegong nodded, "I said over a thousand Divine Daos … because the Dao essence he fused is too complicated … I can't even tell how many Divine Daos there are … maybe a thousand, maybe two thousand …"
Qiu Hanzhao's eyes revealed a strange look, "Such a person can't possibly come from a barren place like the Sky Capital Region."
"He's not from the Sky Capital Region … he must have come in from the Three Stacks Pass … but his true background … I'm not sure either …" Qiu Xuegong shook his head and said softly.
She was in charge of the Dao Sword Palace's Thirteen Learning Palaces. With Luo Zheng's talent, logically speaking, he should be able to enter the Buried Sword Palace or the Demon Sword Palace. However, she suddenly decided to throw Luo Zheng into the Sword Congealing Palace.
Firstly, she could test Luo Zheng. Secondly, she could use Luo Zheng to train the hedonistic disciples in Seven Star City. It could be said to be killing two birds with one stone.
However, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so straightforward. On the first day, he turned the Sword Congealing Palace upside down and even made Qiu Shengshui furious.
That day, she was also secretly observing Luo Zheng. If the situation went out of control, she would also intervene.
She didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so prudent and not kill a single person. She rather admired this.
Therefore, she notified the clans in Seven Star City in advance that no one was allowed to make a move against Luo Zheng. Now, it was up to Qiu Siyuan and the rest of the children to retaliate …
The Sword Congealing Palace remained peaceful these few days. The eleven of them lived in the huge backyard and it even seemed very spacious.
The academy continuously distributed some resources, such as the Dao Sword Palace's green robes, Azure Edge Swords, etc.
Of course, the Azure Edge Swords that Lai Huabei and the rest received were naturally different from those of the Heaven Luo Guards. However, it was enough to make them very surprised.

Chapter 2653
Dual Cultivation
The True Meaning of Dao was not particularly rare in the Origin World.
The Sanskrit that recorded the True Meaning of Dao was difficult to decipher, but once it was deciphered, it was extremely easy to duplicate.
There were many versions circulating in the market. Besides the human version, there were also versions recorded by other races.
The translations of the True Meaning of Dao were easy to obtain, but those who could truly comprehend them were few and far between.
"This translation is no different from what we usually see …" The person beside Lai Huabei flipped through the translation with a faint look of disappointment on his face.
After so many days in the Condensing Sword Palace, they had been looking forward to it. However, the things that were given out were all ordinary, so it was inevitable that they would be disappointed.
"The translations of the True Meaning of Dao are all complete. Not one word more or less. What difference do you expect there to be? The Dao Sword Palace's greatest resource is that towering sword. If we can observe it closely, it will be of great help to us, "another person advised.
"Liu Ci 'an is right. We didn't join the Dao Sword Palace for this translation," Lai Huabei nodded in agreement. Then, his gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng held the cyan book in his hand and had already flipped open a page. He was actually muttering to himself, as if he could not wait to cultivate the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate …
"Brother Luo Zheng? You plan to dual cultivate the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate? "Lai Huabei's eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
Luo Zheng's thoughts were seen through by Lai Huabei. He smiled slightly and said, "Can't I? I can only choose one True Meaning of Dao? "
"Of course not! However, you have already cultivated the True Meaning of Dao. If you were to re-cultivate the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate, I'm afraid it would be too time-consuming and exhausting. Although the Dao Sword Palace focuses on Eternal Sword Fate, other True Meanings of Dao have corresponding cultivation techniques, "Lai Huabei said.
Luo Zheng nodded and replied, "If there is no problem in cultivating another True Meaning of Dao, I naturally won't waste this opportunity …"
Speaking up to here, Luo Zheng sighed slightly in his heart.
These complete translations of the True Meaning of the Dao were extremely rare in the Divine Domain. Even Sages would find it hard to come by. However, in the Origin World, these were common goods. The difference was simply too great.
The main reason for this was the destruction of the Nine Li Race, which resulted in a gap in the inheritance of the motherworld in the God's Domain. It was just like how his mother still had a certain prejudice against the natives of the God's Domain. Naturally, she was unwilling to impart the True Meaning of Dao that she cultivated.
"Rumor has it that cultivating one more True Meaning of Dao would allow one to store one more Nirvana Token. Brother Luo Zheng's talent is outstanding. Naturally, it wouldn't be a problem for you to cultivate Dual Cultivation. Hehe …" The Perfect True God called Liu Ci 'an complimented.
These ten people had personally witnessed Luo Zheng tear apart more than thirty Condensing Sword Palace disciples.
In their hearts, Luo Zheng was already a celestial being. Subconsciously, they had already recognized him as their backbone.
"Brother Ci An, you flatter me. This Sword Fate Eternal Sword Intent is extremely complicated. I'm afraid it will take a lot of time …"
Before Luo Zheng could finish his words, an extremely sharp aura passed through the layers of walls of the Condensing Sword Palace and headed straight for the backyard.
This aura was like a physical object that pierced straight into the heart. Lai Huabei and the others trembled violently. Their eyes revealed a look of fear.
Luo Zheng felt this aura and raised his eyebrows slightly.
This aura was activated by the Sword Fate Eternal Sword Intent. It was strong, long, and sharp!
Following a flurry of footsteps, twenty to thirty people rushed out of the backyard. They were the group of playboys that Luo Zheng had taught a lesson …
"They're finally here …" The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly.
Luo Zheng was very clear about the nature of these playboys. If they didn't give in, they would think of all ways and means to mobilize all their resources to fight back.
When had these thirty or so people ever suffered such grievances?
After they rushed into the backyard, each and every one of them glared at Luo Zheng with unfriendly eyes.
If looks could kill, Luo Zheng would have died thousands of times.
"Brother Qiu Ri, it's him!" Qiu Siyuan said coldly.
"Let's attack together and cripple him," Yue Baihao said as he stroked the silver hair in front of his forehead.
At this moment, a strange voice came from the crowd. "This person just entered the Sea of True Intent not long ago, right? He's just a small fry that just crossed the line. Why do we need to attack together? Did you invite me here to look down on me, Qiu Ri? "
Then, a person walked out from the crowd. This person was eight feet tall and thin like a bamboo pole. However, his aura was very sharp. When fully activated, it was like an invisible sword.
This person was Qiu Ri, whom Qiu Siyuan had spent a lot of money to invite. He was also a genius of the Qiu Family.
There was no shelter in the backyard, so Qiu Ri's aura was even sharper. Lai Huabei and the others felt even more uncomfortable facing it, and their faces were as white as paper. However, Lai Huabei still mustered up his courage and stammered, "This, this is the Condensing Sword Academy. The academy's rules … are that only the academy's disciples can spar. You're from another academy, so I'm afraid it's against the rules!"
Because he was worried about the revenge of the playboys, Lai Huabei had spent the past few days understanding the academy's rules in detail.
"Hahaha …"
When the group of playboys heard this, they roared with laughter.
"These pieces of trash that came from god knows where. They've only been here for a few days, and they're already explaining the rules to us!" Qiu Siyuan said with a smile.
"I can't take it anymore … They don't know that Qiu Sheng Shui doesn't care about the Condensing Sword Academy. The academy's rules were set by us, haha …" Yue Bai Hao also laughed loudly.
The Dao Sword Academy had thirteen academies, and the Condensing Sword Academy's rules were the most relaxed. The other academies did not allow for casual spars.
These playboys had set the rules of the Condensing Sword Academy to make things easier for the disciples who had joined them after being chased away …
Lai Huabei and the others looked at each other, their eyes filled with worry.
Luo Zheng tilted his head slightly, stared at Qiu Siyuan, and asked, "Even if you guys set the rules, they're still rules. Bringing an outsider here is still against the rules, right?"
"Too bad … I'm a disciple of the Condensing Sword Academy," Qiu Ri said lightly.
Qiu Siyuan said sarcastically, "Only those from the Fly Battalion would study the rules. Too bad, isn't it?"
Luo Zheng shook his head expressionlessly, "I'm only asking this because I'm afraid he's from another academy. Since we're all disciples of the Condensing Sword Academy, then there's nothing to be sorry about …"
"What do you mean?" Qiu Ri's eyes narrowed slightly.
Then he heard a "peng" sound, and a large hole appeared in the ground that had just been repaired. Luo Zheng's body had already turned into a blur, drawing an extremely unreasonable trajectory as he headed straight for Qiu Ri.
Qiu Ri's strength was unquestionably the strongest in the Condensing Sword Academy, but he was the same as the other disciples. He had pitifully little experience in battle, so he never thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly attack.

Chapter 2654
Sword Observation
Qiu Ri was enraged by Luo Zheng's sudden attack.
The Dao Sword Palace was a sword cultivation sect after all, so they were very particular about the rules and despised such sudden attacks.
Luo Zheng had a ninety percent chance of defeating Qiu Ri, but he couldn't be bothered to tangle with him. He only wanted to end the battle quickly.
Just as Qiu Ri's face was filled with shock and confusion, Luo Zheng's palm landed on his chin. Then, Qiu Ri felt a loud boom in his head. A white light flashed, and he lost consciousness.
Luo Zheng glanced at the unconscious Qiu Ri, then glanced at Qiu Siyuan and Yue Baihao. He smiled faintly, "Do you still want to fight?"
Qiu Siyuan and Yue Baihao's faces were ashen. If it were anyone else, how would they dare to fight?
But they had come with such ferocity, so how could they retreat? They couldn't just lose face …
"Do it!" Qiu Siyuan yelled.
They were much more prepared today, so they might have a chance.
After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, the thirty or so hedonistic disciples were lying on the ground again.
This time, Luo Zheng held back a lot. He only knocked them out one by one, and the Sword Condensation Academy wasn't damaged much …
In an elegant room in the academy, Qiu Sheng Shui saw this scene and smiled. He sighed inwardly at Qiu Sheng Gong's foresight.
Not only did he bring back the tomb of the previous Palace Master, but he also brought back a treasure. Even in the Burial Sword Palace, this kid would be top-notch, right? Perhaps this good-for-nothing Sword Condensation Academy would be able to turn things around?
He had always been dissatisfied with being demoted to the Sword Condensation Academy, but now he was looking forward to it.
After being taught a lesson twice, Qiu Siyuan and Yue Baihao finally recognized the problem in front of them.
The families they relied on were no longer helping them, and even Qiu Ri wasn't a match for Luo Zheng. It could be said that they didn't have the resources to fight back against Luo Zheng.
When they recognized the problem, they finally chose to accept their fate and live in harmony.
"Big Brother Luo Zheng, I'll leave the residence at the top of the backyard to you!"
"Everyone else just follow the rules …"
"…"
Qiu Siyuan's sudden change in attitude made Luo Zheng somewhat uncomfortable.
'That's good as well, at least these guys won't be thinking about revenge every day …'
Although this group of hedonistic sons were full of problems, once they accepted each other, they were actually very easy to get along with.
They were generous with their money and were loyal to their friends. For the past few days, they had also invited Lai Huabei and Luo Zheng to travel around Seven Stars City. Luo Zheng also used this opportunity to understand the history and origin of the Dao Sword Palace.
However, these hedonistic disciples didn't cherish the cultivation resources in front of them at all.
Disciples like Qiu Siyuan and Yue Baihao were not lacking in talent, but they had been born in large clans since they were young. Their status and starting point were much higher than others, and under the protection of their families, it was naturally difficult for them to have great ambitions. They did not have much ambition in the path of cultivation.
In comparison, Lai Huabei and the others were more cautious and conscientious. Most of the time, they read the translated version of the Sword Essence word by word.
Luo Zheng was now only a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace, and it was not worthwhile for him to educate these hedonistic sons and let them cultivate wholeheartedly.
However, it was strange that after Luo Zheng used his irresistible strength to crush them twice, these hedonistic sons had indeed changed.
At the very least, they hoped to become more powerful and had a little more interest in cultivation.
Qiu Siyuan and the others had also consulted Luo Zheng several times about some questions, including why Luo Zheng was far superior to them despite being in the same realm as them, and so on.
Luo Zheng would naturally give them pointers if he could answer the questions, but some questions involved Luo Zheng's own secrets, so it was naturally inconvenient for him to answer them.
Just one month later, the Dao Sword Palace organized the first "Sword Observation".
The target of the sword observation was the 13 great academies under the Dao Sword Palace.
Seven Stars City was built around a mountain, and it was truly a mountain city. Countless magnificent palaces were spread out around the huge Seven Stars Mountain. Looking down from the top of the mountain would give people a feeling of dizziness.
The 70,000 feet tall towering sword stabbed into the top of the mountain, emitting an indescribable majesty.
Even if a Nirvana Realm powerhouse saw this sword, they would feel a sense of solemnity and fear.
On the platform below the towering sword, a middle-aged man dressed in green with a green crown on his head shouted softly, "Burial Sword Palace to the rooftop!"
Although his voice was not loud, it traveled thousands of miles.
The platform that the middle-aged man was on extended outwards to rooftops of different heights, and each rooftop could accommodate up to 1,000 people.
When his voice was transmitted out, traces of spatial fluctuations appeared in the center of the rooftop.
Buzz buzz buzz …
In the blink of an eye, 300 disciples appeared on the rooftop. They maintained the same posture and sat cross-legged.
These disciples wore the same green robes and every single one of them emitted a sharp aura. From their eyes to their postures, they were all filled with arrogance. They were the disciples of the Sword Burying Academy and the most outstanding batch of disciples in the Dao Sword Palace.
"Demon Sword Palace to the rooftop!" The middle-aged man shouted again.
On the other rooftop, five hundred disciples sat cross-legged. The Demonic Sword Learning Palace's status was second only to the Sword Burial Palace. In recent years, the Demonic Sword Learning Palace seemed to have surpassed the Sword Burial Palace. The two academies had always been competing in the dark.
Therefore, when the disciples of the Demon Sword Palace appeared, they looked at the rooftop of the Burial Sword Palace with provocation in their eyes.
"Broken Sword Palace …"
"Furious Sword Palace …"
On each of the rooftops, the disciples of the academies gathered.
Finally, the middle-aged man looked at the smallest rooftop. Compared to the other rooftops, this rooftop was many times smaller. It could only accommodate about 100 people. This was the rooftop of the Condensing Sword Palace.
The Dao Sword Palace originally only had 12 academies, and this rooftop was added later for the Condensing Sword Palace. Compared to the other rooftops, it was naturally a little comical.
However, although the rooftop was small, it was never full. Sometimes, there was not even a single person. After all, the hedonistic disciples of the Condensing Sword Palace were not in the mood to cultivate. Even if the opportunity to 'observe the sword' was hard to come by, they would not cherish it.
But as usual, the middle-aged man would still call them over.
"Disciples of the Condensing Sword Palace to the rooftop!"
As the middle-aged man's voice spread out, the rooftop suddenly emitted waves of spatial fluctuations.
"Buzz buzz …"
More than 40 disciples of the Condensing Sword Palace appeared on the rooftop in unison.
Seeing so many people suddenly appear on the rooftop, the middle-aged man was slightly stunned. He had never seen such a scene before.
When the disciples of the other academies saw this scene, they also revealed a confused expression.
The Condensing Sword Palace's notoriety was known by the other academies. These hedonistic disciples were arrogant and domineering, but they all came from prominent families. They could not afford to offend them.
Fortunately, the 13 academies were all established independently. If one did not offend them, it would be difficult to have anything to do with them. Since they could not afford to offend them, they could naturally avoid them.
In the past, the Condensing Sword Palace did not have a single disciple to observe the sword. Occasionally, there would be seven or eight disciples. Instead of observing the sword properly, they would make a ruckus at the side and were expelled several times.

Chapter 2655
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Towering Sword
Lai Huabei, Liu Ci 'an, and the rest of the people from Heaven's Wall City saw the towering sword up close for the first time, so they were undoubtedly very excited.
The origins and legends of the towering sword were very widespread. Lai Huabei and the rest had often heard about it from their families since they were young.
A long time ago, the Seven Stars State was still a barren land with only a few humans living there. Moreover, these humans were still in an ignorant and uncivilized stage.
At that time, the powerhouse who ruled the Seven Stars State was the great demon Mirror Grasshopper. The Mirror Grasshopper was as big as a mountain and had immense strength. Its strength was also far superior to most of the human Nirvana Realm powerhouses.
Just a million years ago, the towering sword appeared out of nowhere and fell straight down, nailing the great demon Mirror Grasshopper to death on the Seven Stars Mountain …
The person who descended the towering sword was called Qiu Yinhe, and the Dao Sword Palace was created after he killed the Mirror Grasshopper.
In the past million years, the Dao Sword Palace had completely occupied the Seven Stars State and even spread to some of the surrounding states. Even the desolate Tiandu State was blessed by the Dao Sword Palace for the humans to have such power now.
Therefore, for people from the Tiandu State like Lai Huabei, joining the Dao Sword Palace was their greatest goal in life.
Luo Zheng sat cross-legged on the rooftop and glanced around. He saw that the people from the other academies were already seated neatly. Then, his gaze landed on the towering sword not far away.
Although observing the sword was to comprehend the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent, the aura that this towering sword emitted at this moment wasn't sharp. It was as if there was an invisible sword box that absorbed the sharp aura of the towering sword.
"This aura …"
As a sword cultivator, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Sword Dao was extremely sharp.
Back then, when the "Qiu Xuegong" brought everyone into the Seven Stars City, the towering sword's aura was completely different from today.
Although the towering sword before him had retracted its aura, it was like a dragon hiding in the abyss. It could erupt at any time and was even more terrifying than before …
'Maybe there's someone in the Dao Sword Palace who can control this towering sword?' Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the rest of the good-for-nothing disciples were also rather reserved now. After all, they were notorious, so it was natural for them to have a sudden change in the end.
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from another high platform. "Eh? What are these trash from the Condensing Sword Academy doing here? "
"As the parasites of Seven Stars City, they should have the awareness of being parasites … Did they discuss and come to cause trouble?"
"I want the Grand Swordsman to chase them out …"
The ones who spoke were the disciples of Bewitching Sword Palace and Sword Burial Palace.
Some of these disciples were local geniuses of Seven Stars City, and some were clansmen of the Qiu Clan and Yue Bai Clan. However, unlike Qiu Siyuan and the others, these people were all descendants of great clans and had great talents. Naturally, they weren't afraid of Qiu Siyuan and the others.
Who were Qiu Siyuan and the others? Although he had suffered a great loss in the hands of Luo Zheng during this period of time and had been completely subdued by Luo Zheng, how could he tolerate such words?
Qiu Siyuan was instantly enraged, "Qiu Zhixiu! What nonsense are you talking about?! "
Yue Bai Hao also scolded with a sullen face, "I am also a disciple of the Condensing Sword Academy. We can come and go as we please. What does it have to do with you?"
Qiu Zhixiu from the Sword Burial Palace coldly laughed, "Condensing Sword Academy is considered an academy? Hahaha, it's just a sheep pen for a bunch of trash like you …"
Luo Zheng, Lai Huabei, Liu Ci 'an and the others were still fine. After all, they had just arrived.
However, these hedonistic disciples couldn't endure it. No matter how bad the Condensing Sword Academy was, it was still their academy. How could they endure it?
These twenty to thirty hedonistic disciples suddenly stood up and glared at each other. It seemed like they had the intention to fight.
At this moment, the middle aged man on the platform lightly ordered, "Today, I summoned you all to observe the sword. What are you all making a ruckus for? If anyone continues to make a ruckus, they will immediately be chased down the mountain! "
The middle aged man was the Grand Swordsman who was in charge of observing the sword. He had an extremely high status in the Dao Sword Palace. His voice contained an irresistible majesty.
The disciples from the Sword Burial Palace and the Demon Sword Academy had playful smiles on their faces. Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the others sat down angrily.
They didn't expect that they would be ridiculed when they finally wanted to seriously cultivate …
"If you all are wholeheartedly yearning for the Paramita Realm, you naturally won't be distracted. Let the other academies ridicule you. If there comes a day when you step into the Paramita Realm before them, that will be your greatest counterattack," Luo Zheng said softly.
When Qiu Siyuan and the others heard this, they revealed a bitter smile. "It's not that we haven't tried before. It's just that cultivating is too boring. We can't focus at all …"
Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the others weren't people without talent. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to cultivate to the Perfection True God Realm at such a young age.
However, as they grew older, their thoughts became more and more complicated. Coupled with the care of the elders in their clans, they had long lost their drive.
It was also Luo Zheng's violent beating that caused them to change slightly.
However, they also understood in their hearts that this passion wouldn't last for more than a few days.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stared at Qiu Siyuan and said, "Just because it's boring? I don't think so. "He shook his head and continued," You're more afraid of the predicament after failure, right? You're afraid of being treated as a person with mediocre talent and not working hard. That's true cowardice! "
When Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the others heard this, they were momentarily stunned. Some thoughts from the depths of their hearts immediately surged forth.
Although they had given up on themselves in the Sword Condensation Academy, they still had their own pride in their hearts. For example, Yue Baihao stubbornly believed that his talent wasn't any worse than Qiu Zhixiu's, but he couldn't be bothered to prove himself.
However, as Luo Zheng said, hidden in the depths of their hearts wasn't disdain at all. In fact, it was cowardice. It was fear!
Although they were a bunch of good-for-nothing rich kids with nothing to do, they still wanted to prove their worth in their clans …
Just as Qiu Siyuan and the others were deep in thought, the Grand Sword Master said, "Academy disciples, get ready. I'm going to activate the great array now!"
As soon as the Grand Sword Master finished speaking. All of the academy disciples simultaneously took out the translation of the Eternal Sword Essence in their hands.
Then, the Grand Swordsman walked along the platform and sat down in the center. He stretched out his hands and moved them back and forth. Rings of light green light appeared around him.
At the same time, the aura of the towering sword changed …
The True Dao Intent that had originally been condensed into a ball slowly bloomed. The Eternal Sword Essence emitted from the huge sword slowly bloomed!
"Weng!"
From the surface of the towering sword, strands of black silk emerged, and these strands of black silk were like long worms, rapidly rushing towards the crowd!

Chapter 2656
Sword Intent Battle
Luo Zheng was very resistant to anything entering his mind.
After all, the Infinity Ruler was still in his mind. If someone else were to pry into it, it would cause unnecessary trouble.
The moment the strand of hair entered, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. At the same time, he said in his mind, "9527, could this thing be …"
"Don't panic. This is just an illusion created by the sword using the Sword Intent of Eternity. This thing can't pry into your mind," 9527 explained without missing a beat. "Besides, the Infinity Ruler in your mind is just Chiyou's hallucination. It's not a big deal even if it's discovered …"
Even now, 9527 didn't have much hope of fusing with the Divine Dao.
Luo Zheng was slightly relieved. After the strand of hair entered his mind, it quickly connected with Luo Zheng's soul. Then, he realized that everything around him had disappeared.
The Grandmaster Swordsman, the rooftop, the scenery in the distance …
The only things that remained were the towering sword in front of him, the disciples of the Thirteen Academies, and the translation in their hands!
"What a magical illusion …"
"This Sword Intent of Eternity actually exists as if it's real!"
"No wonder it's said that one can get twice the results with half the effort when facing the towering sword. I feel like my mind has cleared up a lot!"
Lai Huabei and the others were very excited. They reached out and touched the strand of hair on their foreheads.
When the other disciples heard what Lai Huabei and the others said, their faces were full of disdain. Whispers could be heard faintly.
"Where did the Condensing Sword Academy get these bumpkins from?"
"Seems like their first time seeing the sword …"
"That academy is originally a garbage dump. Do you expect them to recruit any geniuses?"
"Ignore them. Don't waste time!"
In the Burial Sword Palace, the disciples of the Demon Sword Palace had already raised the translation in their hands. They began to chant and recite the translation in their hands.
Their voices were very loud and clear. One word after another jumped out of their mouths, and it was very smooth …
"The Sword of the Absolute Beginning. Since ancient times, it has been seeking. Diligent Sword Heart, it is the Dao of Eternity …"
One person was chanting like this, and two people were chanting like this. Everyone was chanting at their own speed. With so many voices gathered together, it formed a noise in the eyes.
Lai Huabei held the translation and recited, "Tai, Tai, Tai Chu …"
Chanting the true intent of the Dao was already extremely difficult, and Lai Huabei and the others had just started. Coupled with the noise from the surroundings, how could they concentrate? She couldn't continue after reading three or four words …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng frowned slightly and turned to ask Qiu Siyuan, "One should choose a quiet place to recite the True Meaning of the Dao. Won't they affect the others by making so much noise?"
Qiu Siyuan shook his head lightly. "Big Brother Luo Zheng, you might not know this, but the Thirteen Academies are in a state of competition with each other. This way of cultivating the True Meaning of Dao was also instructed by their Palace Masters …"
"Why is there such a strange rule?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"What they said is that if one is really able to meticulously comprehend the Dao, then one's heart will naturally be free of distractions and not be affected by others. Actually, the influence is quite great. I don't know which idiot made this rule either." Qiu Siyuan curled his lips and said, "Moreover, look at the body of the towering greatsword. When they cultivate the True Meaning of the Dao, they will even attack each other! We call this the True Meaning Sword Battle! "
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Qiu Siyuan was pointing and saw streaks of green converging on the broad body of the sword. At the end of the green strands, there were sword-shaped patterns.
These sword-shaped patterns were of different sizes. The large ones were as tall as a person, while the small ones were only as long as a pinky finger.
"What do these sword-shaped patterns represent?" Luo Zheng asked.
"They represent the degree of comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao … Look at mine, it's only the size of a palm. In the past, I could recite two or three hundred words, so it's this big. Big Brother Luo Zheng, this is your first time cultivating the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate, right? That's why it's only the size of a thumb, "Qiu Siyuan explained.
This towering greatsword could only identify the degree of cultivation of the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate. Although Luo Zheng had already completed the True Meaning of Dao technique, two completely different True Meanings naturally couldn't be displayed.
Luo Zheng looked at the end of the strands that were connected to him. There was really only a thumb-sized sword-shaped pattern. He smiled and said, "This is interesting …"
Other than him, Lai Huabei and the others were also the size of a pinky finger. On the contrary, that Liu Ci 'an, who should have cultivated the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate, was actually slightly longer than Luo Zheng and the others. It was about the size of an index finger.
"Zeng!"
"Zeng!"
At this moment, the sound of metal clashing could be heard amidst the chanting.
Luo Zheng looked up towards the source of the sound and saw two sword-shaped patterns that were as tall as a person on the towering greatsword actually attacking each other. It was clearly just a pattern, but it actually produced the sound of swords clashing!
In the Burial Sword Palace and the Demon Sword Palace, a disciple each suddenly stood up.
The strands on their foreheads were connected to the two largest sword-shaped patterns. The two of them looked at each other, and their eyes revealed a blazing battle intent. The chanting from their mouths became louder and louder!
One of them said, "Crimson Fire Emperor, Five Elements Return to Vengeance, Ten Thousand Miles, Immortal, No …"
The other person said, "The Spirit walks the blazing heart, the righteous path, not that I have no life, not that I have no name …"
"Those two fellows are called Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng. They can be considered the two most outstanding disciples in this batch. The two of them belong to the Burial Sword Palace and the Demon Sword Palace respectively. They also belong to two major families. They have always been at loggerheads with each other, wanting to trample on each other. Every time, the two of them would engage in a True Meaning Sword Battle. Hehe … they don't put anyone else in their eyes." Qiu Siyuan smiled faintly, but there was a hint of loneliness in his eyes.
Everyone hoped to become the most dazzling genius, but Qiu Siyuan also knew that it would be difficult for him to reach that height. In his heart, other than jealousy, there was a deep sense of helplessness.
"We just have to take it slow. As long as we don't stop and take one step at a time, we can always catch up." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Qiu Siyuan shrugged his shoulders and did not refute Luo Zheng. For the first time, he opened the translation in his hands and began to chant the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate in a low voice.
…
…
On the platform.
After the Grand Sword Master activated the great array, he looked at the towering sword with his hands behind his back.
At this time, the various Palace Lords also rushed over.
"This batch of disciples all started at the same time. Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng have already left the others far behind. I'm afraid the other disciples won't be able to catch up." A petite woman looked at the towering sword and said. This woman was the Palace Lord of the Upper Sword Palace. As she spoke, she looked at Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng with a hint of regret in her eyes. Her biggest mistake was not taking Qiu Yi into the Upper Sword Palace.
"What's wrong with the Condensing Sword Academy today? Why are there so many people here? " The Palace Lord of the Angry Sword Palace asked curiously. As he spoke, he looked around. "Qiu Sheng Shui didn't come …"
"What's he doing here? Anyway, the trash of the Condensing Sword Academy can't play any tricks. He can forget about making a comeback in front of the Elder Council. "The Palace Lord of the Upper Sword Palace smiled coldly.
However, just as she finished speaking, two graceful figures floated over from the distance.

Chapter 2657
Genius
The Autumn Academy was only a title. The thirteen academies were under her direct control and she was the direct superior of the palace masters of these academies.
Her real name was Qiu Hanyan and her position in the Dao Sword Palace was second only to the three great elders and the current palace master of the Dao Sword Palace.
When the palace masters saw her, they all bowed.
The palace master of the Upper Sword Palace smiled and asked, "How are the negotiations between the Autumn Academy and Elder Qi?"
Qiu Hanyan glanced at her indifferently and replied coldly, "Nothing much …"
"I would like to know if the Dao Sword Palace really intends to honor the reward of finding the cenotaph?" The palace master of the Burial Sword Palace, Yue Baili, asked.
"The reputation of the Dao Sword Palace is gilded in gold and silver in the Seven Stars Province … What should be honored will naturally be honored … But what does this have to do with you?" Qiu Hanyan replied.
After Qiu Bolan went missing, the Dao Sword Palace had made an agreement that if the former palace master Qiu Bolan's cenotaph was found, they would elect a new palace master of the Dao Sword Palace.
In the blink of an eye, the cenotaph had not been found and the current palace master had already taken the position.
No one would have thought that Qiu Hanyan would really be able to bring her father's cenotaph back. Logically speaking, a new palace master should be elected.
The Dao Sword Palace was now divided into two factions and even the three great elders did not see eye to eye with each other.
Two of the three great elders supported the current palace master and did not agree with the election of a new palace master. Because of this, there was a dispute within the Dao Sword Palace …
Therefore, Qiu Hanyan was not in a good mood.
After she said this to the palace masters, her gaze fell on the balcony where the Condensing Sword Palace was located and she faintly revealed a look of concern.
Yue Baili smiled and said, "Is the Autumn Academy here today to see the new batch of disciples of the Condensing Sword Palace?"
Qiu Hanyan did not reply and the palace master of the Demon Sword Palace continued, "What is there to pay attention to about the ordinary divine citizens of the Tiandu Province? They have no foundation and no talent. Staying in the Dao Sword Palace is purely a waste of resources … "
"The Condensing Sword Palace is a place to pretend to be useless. After wasting so many years, is there a need to be afraid of wasting a little?" Yue Baili said.
Hearing this, Qiu Shengshui glanced at Yue Baili and chuckled.
Yue Baili's eyes flashed as he asked, "Brother Shengshui, did I say something wrong?"
Qiu Shengshui raised his eyebrows and laughed: "Your Bewitching Sword Palace and Burial Sword Palace are blessed by the heavens and have the most resources, but the number of disciples you've nurtured are few. In the past two hundred years, almost all of the disciples that have been promoted to Tian Luo Guard are trash. Now you have the face to talk about my Condensing Sword Academy?"
"You …" Yue Baili's face sank.
"What about me? In these hundred years, have any of your disciples been sent to Greater One Heavenly Palace? Has any disciple ever entered Tai Yiwei? Not a single one, yet you are all so proud. Why don't you all go and die? "Qiu Shengshui continued to mock.
"You, you …" Yue Baili's face turned red.
"What about me? If you can't win the argument, do you want to fight? You, you, and all of you. Why don't all of you come up together and spar with me? " Qiu Shengshui pointed arrogantly at the palace masters and said, "All of you are trash, yet you want to nurture geniuses. What a joke …"
The palace masters were reprimanded by Qiu Shengshui and their faces turned red and white.
Qiu Shengshui was qualified to enter Greater One Heavenly Palace. Although he had been silent for many years, how could these palace masters be his match?
Qiu Hanyan smiled and her originally gloomy mood seemed to have improved.
The Grand Sword Master beside her said: "Qiu Shengshui, this is a place to observe swords. Watch your words!"
Qiu Shengshui rubbed his nose and said: "I've long found these guys an eyesore!"
"The competition between academies is about the talent and cultivation of the disciples, not the strength of the palace masters." The Grand Sword Master said fairly.
"The Grand Sword Master is right! We are focused on nurturing geniuses for Dao Sword Palace and this guy is talking about himself. How vulgar! "Yue Baili shook his head and said disdainfully.
Qiu Shengshui smiled and glanced at the rooftop of Condensing Sword Palace. His gaze landed on Luo Zheng and a look of anticipation appeared on his face. "The disciples that you nurtured can be called geniuses. Really … hehe."
Qiu Shengshui saw a shadow of himself in Luo Zheng.
He came with Qiu Hanyan for no other reason than to see Luo Zheng.
Yue Baili suddenly understood something and said: "So, Condensing Sword Palace seems to have good luck and found a genius in a small place like Tiandu Region?"
Qiu Shengshui smiled faintly and said: "This person's talent is slightly stronger than mine!"
Hearing this, the palace masters and the Grand Sword Master's expression turned serious.
Dao Sword Palace divided the talents of its disciples into eight grades. Those with sixth-grade talents would be able to enter Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Qiu Shengshui's talent back then was sixth-grade. Such a person was rarely seen in Dao Sword Palace for thousands of years. These palace masters found it unbelievable.
"Who is Brother Shengshui talking about?" Yue Baili asked.
Qiu Shengshui shrugged his shoulders. "You'll know when you see!"
Therefore, all the palace masters' gazes were focused on the rooftop of Condensing Sword Palace. They also wanted to know if Qiu Shengshui was boasting. After all, there were too few grade six talents.
…
When Luo Zheng first cultivated the "True Meaning of Nature", he did not borrow any external help and comprehended it forcefully. It was still a little difficult.
Now that he was facing this towering sword, Luo Zheng finally understood what Lai Huabei and the others meant.
Facing this towering sword, he could indeed achieve twice the results with half the effort.
"Absolute Beginning Sword Land, Ancient Seeking …"
When he began to recite the words in the translation, a strange feeling rose in his mind.
He felt his consciousness fusing into the sword pattern on the towering sword!
As if his soul had left his body, he himself had turned into a sword!
"Zizi Sword Heart, for Everlasting Prosperity …"
As he continued to recite, the towering sword also reflected the True Meaning of Eternity of Sword Fate, permeating Luo Zheng's soul.
Because Luo Zheng had just started, the True Meaning of Eternity of Sword Fate from the towering sword was also very shallow.
Like this, Luo Zheng felt as if someone was leading the way, leading Luo Zheng to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao. His recitation was extremely smooth!
In less than half an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng had already recited 500 words, and the sword-shaped pattern on the towering sword continued to grow larger and larger, constantly climbing upwards. Now, the sword-shaped pattern was already half a foot long and as thick as an arm …
Many palace masters focused their gazes on the rooftop of Condensing Sword Palace and quickly discovered Luo Zheng's sword pattern.

Chapter 2658
Comprehension
The Palace Lord of the Upper Sword Palace also added, "Let's not talk about the Buried Sword Palace and the Demon Sword Palace. There are more than ten people in our Upper Sword Palace who can do this!"
The Palace Lord of the Demon Sword Palace laughed, "That's normal. After all, the Condensing Sword Palace is a bunch of trash. Suddenly, someone who looks like he's a treasure …"
The other Palace Masters also laughed in agreement.
Qiu Shengshui only glanced at them coldly. His gaze was still focused on Luo Zheng.
He didn't believe that Luo Zheng's potential was only so little.
…
On the surface of the towering sword, all the sword-shaped diagrams were slowly rising and enlarging.
If a disciple encountered a bottleneck and was stuck at a certain point, the towering sword would reflect the Eternal Sword Dao's true meaning. Under the influence of the Eternal Sword Dao's true meaning, it would often have the effect of enlightening the disciple!
Therefore, the cultivation speed of the Dao Sword Palace's disciples was much faster than the self-comprehending True Gods in the outside world.
Luo Zheng's eyes glowed as he chanted in a low voice.
Normally, the further one went, the slower one's comprehension speed. However, Luo Zheng's chanting speed didn't slow down. Instead, it became faster and faster!
Actually, with his talent, he didn't need the help of the towering sword for less than two thousand words! Under the baptism of the sword's true meaning, Luo Zheng was like a tiger that had grown wings!
Six hundred words …
Eight hundred words …
One thousand words …
In the eyes of these Palace Lords, one thousand words was a small accomplishment.
Luo Zheng had reached a thousand words in less than an incense's time. This kind of talent could be considered top-grade.
"Reaching a thousand words in an incense's time is not bad in the Upper Sword Palace. However, in our Buried Sword Palace, it's only normal," Yue Baili said, pretending to be calm.
Qiu Shengshui still didn't say anything. If Luo Zheng was only at this level, he wasn't worthy of his attention. However, he had a faint premonition that Luo Zheng's first cultivation wouldn't stop here.
"But this kid's chanting speed seems to be increasing …" The Broken Sword Palace Lord said.
Not only did this Palace Master notice this, but the other Palace Masters also noticed this.
The chanting speed went from fast to slow. This was the case for most people who cultivated the True Meaning of Dao. However, Luo Zheng actually did the opposite and became faster and faster. This performance was extremely abnormal.
From 500 words to 1000 words, Luo Zheng had used half an incense stick's worth of time. However, from 1000 words to 1500 words, Luo Zheng had only used 20 to 30 breaths of time. The True Meaning of Dao, which was originally extremely difficult to recite, had been spoken out loud and powerfully like a lotus flower.
His voice was not loud, but the many Palace Masters could hear him clearly in the noisy illusion!
"By your order, Bai Ru's Bone and Blood, return …" Luo Zheng's lips opened slightly without any hesitation.
One thousand five hundred words...
One thousand seven hundred words …
One thousand nine hundred words …
At this time, even the Great Sword Priest was attracted by this scene. He said, "For someone to reach 2000 words on their first try, that means he is a third grade talent."
Yue Bai Li's expression changed greatly. He said seriously, "A third grade talent, although not as good as our Burial Sword Palace's Qiu Yi, it is still very rare. I didn't think that a barren Sky Capital Region could produce such a person …"
"Don't speak too early," Qiu Shengshui said, "I said before that this kid's talent is not inferior to mine!"
Yue Bai Li was still somewhat unsatisfied. He said, "I think Brother Shengshui is speaking too early. Everyone has cultivated the True Meaning of Dao. Qiu Yi once broke 4300 words in one go!"
"Wait and see," Qiu Shengshui said calmly. He seemed very confident.
Luo Zheng's eyes shone brighter and brighter, like a ball of fire.
He felt that his voice had formed an echo with the towering sword. Every word he said, the towering sword responded with a word!
Of course, what the towering sword responded to Luo Zheng was not its voice, but the True Meaning of Eternal Sword …
"I don't know if it is because I am extremely suitable for cultivating the True Meaning of Eternal Sword, or because of the towering sword, but why is my speed of comprehending the True Meaning of Eternal Sword so much faster than the True Meaning of Nature?"
When he reached three thousand words, Luo Zheng felt a trace of confusion in his heart, and he actually stopped …
Yue Bai Li saw that Luo Zheng stopped and sighed in relief. He said to Qiu Shengshui with a smile, "It seems that the Condensing Sword Academy will not be able to produce a genius on par with Brother Shengshui!"
Qiu Shengshui and Qiu Hanyan also stared at Luo Zheng. Just now, Luo Zheng was reciting at an extremely fast speed. Now that he suddenly stopped, they were naturally puzzled.
If one was stuck at a certain point in the True Meaning of Dao, their soul would be unable to bear it. It would be very painful and even cause them to faint. However, Luo Zheng's face showed only a trace of confusion. Qiu Shengshui and the rest naturally found it strange.
However, Luo Zheng only stopped for three breaths of time …
He could not explain the confusion in his heart. He was too lazy to think about it, so he increased the speed of his recitation.
But this time, once he started, his chanting speed actually sped up once more, and he'd already fallen into a state where he'd completely forgotten himself. His voice that was originally chanting in a low voice had become resounding, resounding, and extremely penetrating!
As a result, it immediately attracted the attention of the disciples who were cultivating.
Lai Huabei recited a few dozen words with the help of the towering sword. However, he had already reached the limit of what he could bear. Every time he recited a word, he felt as if his soul was being pierced by thousands of arrows. Waves of dizziness came over him.
When he could no longer bear it, he could only stop for a while. Just as he stopped, he heard Luo Zheng's voice.
With Brother Luo Zheng's talent, I'm afraid he has already recited two to three hundred words? He looked at the strand of hair in front of Luo Zheng's forehead and found the sword-shaped pattern on the towering sword. His body suddenly trembled.
"Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern … is already half a person's height?" Lai Huabei's face was filled with disbelief.
Although Lai Huabei always thought that Luo Zheng was a genius, he did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to reach this level. It was only his first time, and he had already surpassed most of the students present!
Lai Huabei was not the only one who was attracted. Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the other hedonistic disciples were also shocked.
Previously, Qiu Siyuan still had a trace of pride in his heart. As a disciple of the academy, he was still ahead of these newcomers. At least he could recite three hundred words, and his sword-shaped pattern was already the size of a palm.
However, his sense of superiority only lasted for two or three incense sticks of time … Now, Luo Zheng had already left him in the dust.
"This guy … He really shouldn't belong to the Condensing Sword Academy …" Qiu Siyuan sighed in his heart.
As Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern continued to grow, it also successfully attracted the attention of the other disciples.
These disciples were all proud of their talent, so how could they allow Luo Zheng to grow so quickly?

Chapter 2659
The Disciples' Gains
The True Intent Sword Battle was a compulsory event in the Academia.
These sword-shaped diagrams represented the level of comprehension of the True Intent of the Dao. When disciples of the same level engaged in a True Intent Sword Battle, not only would it stimulate the disciples' desire to win, both sides would also gain new insights during the battle.
Many disciples had broken through during the True Intent Sword Battle.
For example, Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng had been engaged in the True Intent Sword Battle since the beginning. They had been chasing each other, and in a short period of time, they had surpassed their peers by a large margin and became the most dazzling new stars in the Dao Sword Palace.
However, the disciples who were attacking now naturally had a lot of hostility towards Luo Zheng.
As the two most outstanding academies in the Thirteen Academia, the Demon Sword Palace and the Burial Sword Palace naturally had to protect their authority.
If Luo Zheng was from the other academies, it would be fine. However, he was a disciple of the Condensing Sword Academy. In the eyes of the other academies, he was simply trash. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was not from the Qiu Clan or the Yue Bai Clan. How could they allow such a person to emerge?
"Stomp him down!"
"Slow him down!"
"If he wants to continue, he will have to pass through me first!"
These people had also comprehended over three thousand words of the Eternal Sword Intent. Their sword-shaped diagrams were similar to Luo Zheng's, and were even slightly stronger.
The diagrams surrounded him aggressively, and the True Intent aura on the towering sword instantly became several times denser!
"Zeng! Ding ding ding … "
When the sword-shaped diagrams struck Luo Zheng's sword-shaped diagram, there was a crisp sound of metal clashing. It was as though real swords and spears were clashing. The True Intent aura was transmitted to his soul through the black strand of hair.
If a normal disciple was attacked by so many people at the same time, they would not be able to withstand it. They would probably have a splitting headache and would have no choice but to stop.
However, Luo Zheng was only slightly obstructed by these people. He held the translation with one hand, and his voice became louder and louder. It was like a huge bell that constantly reverberated.
As for Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern, the true intent aura it emitted became increasingly pure. When the other three or four sword-shaped patterns collided, they were directly swept away!
When these sword-shaped diagrams were swept away, Luo Zheng's true intent was transmitted into the minds of the few disciples through the black strands. Following that, screams of agony could be heard coming from the rooftops of the Burial Sword Palace and Demon Sword Palace!
The disciples squatted down with their hands covering their heads, their faces filled with pain.
"This guy …"
"He's practically unharmed!"
"Is this really his first time cultivating the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent?"
"That's for sure. The towering sword can't be wrong!"
The sword-shaped pattern that appeared on the towering greatsword directly reflected the cultivator's comprehension of the True Intent. Everyone had seen Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern grow rapidly. How could this be wrong?
"Let's attack too!"
"If this fellow's comprehension of the Sword Fate Eternal Sword Intent is so thorough, it will be of great benefit to us!"
"The pain will only last for a while! Who knows, I might even be able to break through my bottleneck! "
When the disciples at the 3,000-plus word level saw this scene, their faces burned with passion.
The reason why the Dao Sword Palace encouraged sword battles of True Intent was that during the process of sword battles, they could often absorb the opponent's true intent aura. From there, the opponent's comprehension would be imprinted in their minds, and they would often be able to break through faster!
Moreover, the fiercer the opponent's counterattack, the better the effect.
Many disciples of the Dao Sword Palace had been stuck at the 3,000-plus word level for a long time. However, it was very difficult to break through the bottleneck of Dao Sword Intent with the help of external forces.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's image in their eyes had changed. The thoughts of suppressing Luo Zheng had completely disappeared. They seemed to have treated Luo Zheng as a great tonic elixir. With fanatical thoughts, they swarmed towards Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng was reciting the translation, he glanced sideways and saw a large sword-shaped pattern rushing towards him. He was shocked.
Were these guys crazy?
However, these disciples were challenging him to a sword battle of True Intent, so Luo Zheng had no choice.
He could only quickly comprehend the True Intent of Dao and allow his sword-shaped pattern to rise quickly and leave the 3,000-word area. However, his recitation speed was already at his limit. How could he not avoid the dense sword-shaped pattern?
Ding, ding, ding, ding …
Dozens of sword-shaped patterns flew towards Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern one after another. Almost every time there was a crisp "ding" sound, it was followed by a disciple's blood-curdling scream.
As a result, a spectacle suddenly appeared on the rooftop of the Twelve Academies.
Disciples constantly clutched their heads and screamed. Some even directly fainted while holding their heads. Among them, two disciples even flipped off the rooftop and fell into a bottomless abyss.
Of course, the Palace Masters naturally wouldn't let their disciples fall …
When the Grand Sword Master of the Dao Sword Palace saw this scene, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "This disciple called Luo Zheng seems to have a natural affinity with the Sword Dao Eternal True Intent …"
"It's not just … affinity … his soul … is also very strong. After all, he has entered the Sea of True Intent …" Qiu Hanyan revealed the truth.
The sword battle of True Intent initiated by the other disciples might not cause much trouble for Luo Zheng, but with so many disciples, it was hard to ignore. However, Luo Zheng was someone who had entered the Sea of True Intent. He could rely on his own soul to survive.
Qiu Shengshui nodded and said, "A strong soul is only one aspect. A strong soul alone cannot easily withstand a sword battle of True Intent. Both are indispensable …"
Just as he finished speaking, a surprised voice suddenly came from the rooftop of the Burial Sword Palace. "Hahaha, I understand now. I understand now. So that's how it is …"
The person who spoke was called Yue Baineng. He was also the first disciple to initiate a sword battle of True Intent against Luo Zheng.
When he clashed with Luo Zheng just now, the aura of True Intent invaded his mind and produced a pain that was comparable to the tearing of his soul. But after the pain subsided, he suddenly felt a sense of enlightenment in his mind!
He had been stuck at the stage of 3100 words for two years. But at this moment, he felt that he could easily cross over. Naturally, he was extremely excited! He almost couldn't wait to sit down cross-legged. Holding the translation in his hand, he silently recited. The sword pattern on his towering sword really started to rise slowly!
Not only him, but the other two disciples also had the same reaction. They were extremely excited and started to verify the enlightenment in their minds.
"This …"
When the Palace Masters saw the reactions of these three disciples, they were all stunned.
In order to let these academia disciples step into the Sea of True Intent as soon as possible, these Palace Lords had spent a lot of effort in private. But after spending so much effort and using so many methods, why not just have a True Intent Sword Duel with Luo Zheng?

Chapter 2660
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Breaking the record
But not long after Yue Baili finished speaking, the second batch of disciples who challenged Luo Zheng to a Sword Intent Duel also reacted.
Their reactions were exactly the same as the first three disciples. First, they were pleasantly surprised. Then, without any distractions, they began to recite the True Meaning of Dao to verify their own thoughts …
The second batch of disciples who challenged the Sword Intent Duel consisted of 20 to 30 disciples. These disciples all began to break through their own shackles. It was hard to say that this was a coincidence.
"After the disciples sparred with Luo Zheng, they were able to break through their bottlenecks immediately?"
"The True Meaning of Dao that he imbued was so miraculous?"
"This can only mean that the way he comprehended the Sword Intent of Eternity is very unique … or very accurate!"
At this moment, even the Grand Sword Master was shocked. His mouth was slightly agape as he said, "This, how could this be …"
The Grand Sword Master had been in charge of the "sword observation" for so long, but he had never seen such a bizarre thing!
Those Palace Lords were also shocked and secretly delighted. Luo Zheng had helped dozens of disciples break through at once. This was naturally a great help to the school!
"It should be that Luo Zheng himself is very compatible with the Sword Intent of Eternity. His True Meaning aura is very perfect. The aura left in the minds of the other disciples during the Sword Intent Duel is very pure, so the effect is naturally very good. This situation … I have heard of it once or twice, but it has never happened in our Dao Sword Palace," Qiu Hanyan said lightly.
The Towering Sword could also reflect the aura of the Sword Intent of Eternity to the disciples, but after all, the Towering Sword was giving guidance from the overall situation and was ultimately a dead object.
But Luo Zheng was completely in sync with the other disciples. His True Meaning was what the other disciples needed the most, so the effect was naturally much stronger than the Towering Sword.
The Palace Lord of the Demon Sword Palace blinked and an idea came to his mind. He said, "If this Luo Zheng really has it, should we stop Luo Zheng from cultivating and let him stay within the range of 3,000 words?"
Three thousand words was a bottleneck that was neither too big nor too small. Many disciples of the academy would be stuck at this stage. If Luo Zheng stayed at this stage, the cultivation speed of the academy disciples would naturally increase greatly in the future.
But these words were a bit too shameless. Who would be willing to sacrifice for others and delay their own cultivation?
Even Yue Baili felt that this suggestion was unreasonable and did not respond.
Qiu Sheng Shui sneered and said, "Qiu Yun 'er, your Demon Sword Palace's disciples are humans, but my Condensing Sword Academy's disciples aren't humans? Just the bunch of trash from your Demon Sword Palace added together wouldn't even be worth a single Luo Zheng! "
Qiu Yun 'er was embarrassed by Qiu Sheng Shui's words. She said coldly, "It's just a suggestion. Besides, it hasn't even been a month since Luo Zheng joined Condensing Sword Academy, right? In the end, he's still an outsider. I'm doing this for the sake of the Qiu Clan, the Yuebai Clan, and even the entire Dao Sword Palace! "
"Really?" Qiu Sheng Shui sneered. "According to my Dao Sword Palace, I'm afraid that Luo Zheng can't stay. If you think this suggestion is good, go talk to Luo Zheng personally. In the future, if Luo Zheng can make a name for himself in Tai Yi Heaven Palace, you, Qiu Yun 'er, will bear all the trouble. How about it?"
Hearing that, Qiu Yun 'er's face froze. In the end, she did not say anything. She knew that Luo Zheng would not agree to such a thing unless she pressured Luo Zheng in the name of Dao Sword Palace. However, she was afraid that she would offend Luo Zheng completely.
On the rooftop …
Lai Huabei, Liu Ci 'an, Qiu Siyuan, Yue Bai Hao and the others were all dumbfounded as they watched Luo Zheng leisurely recite the True Meaning of Dao.
"Brother Luo Zheng doesn't have a bottleneck?" Lai Huabei said in a daze.
Lai Huabei's bottleneck was 12 words. 12 words …
Liu Ci 'an also said with a complicated expression, "In Heaven's Wall City, I've never heard of anyone who can do this. Even the City Lord can't do it …"
"Don't use your puny Heaven's Wall City Lord as an example. There are still people in our Dao Sword Palace who can write over three thousand words without encountering a bottleneck, and there are quite a few of them … Among this batch of disciples, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng can do it. I remember that Qiu Yi's first record was 4,300 words, while Yue Baicheng's record was 4,250 words," Qiu Siyuan said.
"So powerful! Dao Sword Palace is indeed full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers … "Liu Ci 'an said in surprise.
In comparison, the geniuses in the small Heaven's Wall City and even the Tiandu State were not worth mentioning …
Yue Bai Hao crossed his arms and smiled. "But Brother Luo Zheng is different. I think he might surpass Qiu Yi's record this time!"
Just as they were talking, Luo Zheng continued to recite. He had already crossed the threshold of 3,800 words and was heading straight for 4,000 words.
Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern rose higher and higher on the towering sword. At this stage, the number of disciples gradually decreased, and the number of disciples who sought him out for a True-Intent Sword Battle naturally decreased as well.
However, after these disciples realized Luo Zheng's "miraculous use", they would not let go of this opportunity. Almost everyone controlled their sword-shaped patterns and waited above Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's sword-shaped pattern rose all the way up through a True-Intent Sword Battle. This imperceptibly increased the difficulty for Luo Zheng.
"4,000 words …"
"Looks like he's going to break Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng's record!"
"I wonder if he can break this record …"
Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng of Burial Sword Palace were originally engaged in an intense True-Intent Sword Battle.
The Eternal Sword Intent had a total of 9,449 words. The two of them had already stepped into the 9,000 word stage. They were just one step away from being able to control the Sun Soul and enter the Sea of True-Intent that they yearned for even in their dreams.
Both of their sword-shaped patterns appeared above the towering sword, leaving the other disciples far behind. The third place of the academy had not even reached 7,000 words yet.
What the two of them cared about was the record they left behind.
When they first comprehended the Eternal Sword Intent, Qiu Yi broke through 4,300 words, while Yue Bai Cheng broke through 4,250 words. This record did not need to be compared to the current batch of disciples. Even if they were compared to the previous batch of disciples, they would be able to enter the top 30.
The two of them were rather satisfied with this record. They did not think that anyone in this batch of disciples would be able to surpass it.
However, today, the Sword Condensation Academy had recruited a new disciple who had already broken through 4,000 words. This was something that Yue Bai Cheng and Qiu Yi had never expected.
"The disciples of the Sword Condensation Academy, other than those silkpants from the main family, are all mediocre people who were recruited from small places. How did such a person appear this time?" Yue Bai Cheng asked with a frown.

Chapter 2661
CHAPTER 2661 - CHAPTER 2661
Pinnacle
Yue Baicheng shook his head slightly. "No matter how great your fortune is, it is hard to change your innate talent."
The disciple shrugged his shoulders and said, "If that's the case, then it can only be said that the small Tiandu State has produced a monstrous genius. It's a pity that he was chosen to enter the Condensing Sword Academy, but he may not be able to break Brother Cheng's record."
"Let's wait and see." Yue Baicheng smiled as he looked at Qiu Yi.
These two were the twin stars of the academy. Yue Baicheng's talent was slightly weaker than Qiu Yi's, but his mentality was very good.
Some records were meant to be broken. Yue Baicheng knew his own weight. In Dao Sword Palace, he was a genius that everyone coveted, but in Greater One Heavenly Palace, he would most likely vanish into the crowd. It was very normal for someone to surpass him.
Qiu Yi, who was in the Sword Burial Palace, was different. At this moment, he clenched his fists and his face was gloomy.
In Qiu Yi's eyes, he was now the number one person in the Academia. He was also the target of the entire Dao Sword Palace's nurturing. Although Yue Baicheng had the qualifications to be his opponent, he was superior to Yue Baicheng in every aspect.
If Luo Zheng broke this record, not only would he take away the glory that should have belonged to him, he might even replace him.
However, his sword-shaped pattern was already at a high altitude, so he couldn't initiate a Sword Intent Duel with Luo Zheng. He had no means to stop Luo Zheng!
"4200 words …"
"He doesn't look like he's going to stop …"
"Ken looks like he's going to break the record."
Luo Zheng didn't speed up, but he didn't slow down either.
"I didn't feel any pressure when I comprehended the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent …"
As Luo Zheng recited, he also had doubts in his heart. This was something he had not expected.
That trace of True Intent aura was transmitted through the black strands. Not only did he not feel any pressure, his thoughts were abnormally clear, and a sense of clarity accompanied him at all times.
"4250 words, breaking Yue Baicheng's record!"
Cries of surprise came from the crowd.
Yue Baicheng shrugged his shoulders, feeling very relaxed.
"Four thousand three hundred words! He broke Qiu Yi's record! "Another exclamation came from the crowd.
Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi only had a difference of fifty words. Luo Zheng broke this record in the blink of an eye.
When Qiu Yi saw this scene, the corner of his eyes kept twitching. He had mixed feelings in his heart.
On the platform, Yue Baili and Qiu Yun 'er's faces were also dark. These two disciples were the pearls of their school. Luo Zheng crushed them and broke the record. Naturally, they were not happy.
"It should be enough to break Qiu Yi's record …" Yue Baili said with a frown.
"Hehe, why do I feel like this is just the beginning?" Qiu Shengshui laughed.
"This is just the beginning …" Qiu Yun 'er's eyes narrowed. "You're exaggerating."
The Grand Sword Master smiled faintly. "I'm really looking forward to seeing how far he can go in his first time."
After 4300 words, Luo Zheng still didn't stop.
Four thousand five hundred characters …
5,000 words...
Five thousand five words …
At this moment, all the disciples had stopped comprehending the Dao Intent.
They all put down the translations in their hands and silently watched Luo Zheng. Only Luo Zheng's voice could be heard on the thirteen rooftops!
Occasionally, there would be other people's voices. That was because Luo Zheng had risen to the same level as the other disciples. Naturally, these disciples didn't want to waste this opportunity and challenged him to a Sword Duel of Truth.
Often, there would be a scream and the chanting would come to an abrupt end.
This batch of disciples were mostly focused on the two to three thousand words stage. After breaking five thousand words, there were very few disciples who challenged him to a Sword Duel of Truth.
Almost everyone had a trace of unconcealable excitement on their faces.
People were like this. When you surpassed them by a little, they might be jealous. When you surpassed them by a lot, they could only look up to you.
Now, whether it was the outstanding disciples of the Burial Sword Palace or the Demon Sword Palace, or the ordinary disciples who looked up to them, they had lost all hostility towards Luo Zheng. Instead, they hoped that Luo Zheng could go even further …
"Six thousand words … he's already surpassed your record, Shengshui …" Qiu Hanyan smiled faintly.
When she had taken a liking to Luo Zheng and insisted on bringing him into the Dao Sword Palace, it was based on her intuition. Now, it seemed that her judgment was correct.
"Shengshui, you've underestimated Luo Zheng. According to the Dao Sword Palace's rating, he's probably a seventh grade or even an eighth grade talent," the Grand Sword Master said with a smile.
Qiu Shengshui still had that trace of a smile on his face. He just looked at Luo Zheng quietly. After all, Luo Zheng still didn't stop …
6500 words …
7000 words …
7500 words …
8000 words …
Luo Zheng's sword image grew bigger and bigger, and rose higher and higher.
The platform also grew quieter and quieter. Other than the gentle sound of the wind, there was only Luo Zheng's sonorous chanting.
Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, Lai Huabei and the others all stared blankly at Luo Zheng, completely speechless. Luo Zheng's current performance had already surpassed their understanding. They didn't know what this performance meant for the Dao Sword Palace, but Lai Huabei had a faint thought in his mind. Could Luo Zheng have comprehended the entire Sword Technique Eternal True Meaning in one go?
8500 words …
9000 words …
"So it's still coming?"
Yue Baicheng glanced at the towering sword. Luo Zheng's sword image was already very close to his. He could start a True Meaning Sword Battle against Luo Zheng.
Just now, his junior brother beside him had been extremely excited after his True Meaning Sword Battle with Luo Zheng, and had really broken through his bottleneck. If a True Meaning Sword Battle with Luo Zheng could really allow him to break through, Yue Baicheng naturally wouldn't miss this opportunity.
Almost without any hesitation, his sword image went straight for Luo Zheng's sword image.
It wasn't just Yue Baicheng; Qiu Yi also made the same choice.
However, Qiu Yi's heart harbored a trace of resentment. He now understood that he had no way of restraining Luo Zheng, but he still needed a way to vent.
When the two sword-shaped diagrams, each as tall as a man, attacked Luo Zheng, another crisp collision sound came from above the towering swords!
"Ding ding ding …"
As Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Sword Technique Eternal True Meaning became more complete, the True Meaning aura he released became more and more fierce.
In the instant of collision, Qiu Yi felt a flash of white light in his mind. That white light seemed to want to tear his soul in two …
At this moment, Qiu Yi finally understood why those disciples of the Dao Sword Palace were screaming so miserably!
However, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng were still far superior to the others. They only let out a muffled groan, endured the pain, and continued their True Meaning Sword Battle.
"Whoosh whoosh … ding ding …"
As the three sword images intersected, a series of crisp sounds could be heard.
Luo Zheng's expression was normal, but Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng were already drenched in sweat. Their eyes were wide open, and it was obvious that they had already reached their limits.
After three breaths, Yue Baicheng finally couldn't hold on any longer. His eyes rolled back, and he fell onto the rooftop with a bang.

Chapter 2662
Qiu Yinhe
The Twin Stars of the Academia had lost to Luo Zheng in the sword battle and the others were not surprised.
After all, Luo Zheng had started from 2000 words through sword battles …
Apart from those disciples with less than two thousand words, who hadn't discovered Luo Zheng's "magical use" and hadn't challenged him to a Sword Intent Duel, almost all of the other disciples had challenged him.
It would be strange if Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi defeated Luo Zheng.
"It seems … that he has exceeded your expectations." Qiu Hanyan glanced at Qiu Shengshui.
Qiu Shengshui's expression became complicated. "I thought he was about the same as me, just slightly stronger than me. Is he trying to comprehend the Eternal Sword Essence in one go?"
"Comprehending the Dao with a single thought … no wonder he could cultivate so many Divine Daos," Qiu Hanyan muttered. "It's said that the Greater One Heavenly Palace had once produced nineteen geniuses who comprehended the Dao with a single thought … I've heard of the stories of four of them … three of them cultivated the true meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate, and one cultivated the true meaning of the Art of Annihilation …"
Qiu Shengshui asked, "What happened to the four of them?"
Qiu Hanyan smiled faintly. "Two of them have passed away. One of the other two became one of the three heads of the Greater One Palace … the other is guarding the Blood Dragon Cliff in the South-East."
This short sentence made Qiu Shengshui's eyes flash.
The Dao Sword Palace belonged to the Greater One Sky Palace. Although Qiu Shengshui had missed the opportunity to join the Greater One Sky Palace, he was still familiar with the various legends of the Greater One Sky Palace. The two people that Qiu Hanyan mentioned were the almighty people of the human race!
"Luo Zheng can comprehend the Dao with one thought, doesn't that mean …" Qiu Shengshui said with a face full of shock.
Qiu Hanyan shook her head. "Don't think of it too simply … a true genius carries much more than others. Don't forget that two of the four died prematurely … as the saying goes, the Heavens are jealous of geniuses. Naturally, there will be greater hardships on them …"
Just as the two were talking, Luo Zheng had already rushed to 9300 words.
The Eternal Sword Essence had a total of 9449 words. Luo Zheng could comprehend the entire Eternal Sword Essence in just 100 words.
Yue Baili, Qiu Yun 'er and the other Palace Masters became even more excited.
"Is our Dao Sword Palace going to produce a genius who can comprehend the Dao with a single thought?"
"Great Sword Minister, if this person can really comprehend the Dao with a single thought, what reward will we get for sending him to Greater One Heavenly Palace?"
The Grand Swordsman thought for a moment and shook his head. "This … I have to go back and check the records."
The Great Yi Heavenly Palace was a major force that stood at the peak of the Mother World. The Dao Sword Palace was just one of the palaces under its jurisdiction. In the history of the Dao Sword Palace, there had never been a person who comprehended the Dao with a single thought. The Great Sword Minister had never encountered such a situation, so he naturally couldn't answer this question.
However, the Palace Masters were keenly aware that Luo Zheng could bring about great changes to the Dao Sword Palace.
When Luo Zheng comprehended the Eternal Sword Intent, these palace masters were still mocking Qiu Shengshui, doubting whether Luo Zheng was qualified to be sent to Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
At this point, they no longer had the slightest doubt. They even hoped to use Luo Zheng to ask for benefits from Greater One Heavenly Palace!
Logically speaking, the last four hundred and forty-nine words were the essence of the Eternal Sword Intent. Almost every word was difficult to recite. However, Luo Zheng still didn't stop. He slowly recited the last word …
And his sword-shaped pattern had already risen to the highest point of the towering sword.
After reciting, Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief.
"A sword intent that exists for eternity. It can bring about the prosperity of the human race. No wonder it's called the Eternal Sword Intent. This Dao Intent should be written by an almighty of the human race …" Luo Zheng said with a sigh.
At this moment, the towering sword that was seventy thousand feet tall suddenly trembled.
Although the towering sword had a sword edge, because it was extremely huge, the sword edge wasn't sharp. At this moment, a dazzling white light surrounded the sword edge, giving the towering sword a lustre.
When the palace disciples, palace masters and Qiu Hanyan saw this scene, they were all stunned.
"A great demon is attacking?"
"It's impossible at this time …"
"Why is the towering sword reacting? Only the appearance of a great demon would cause this! "
This towering sword guarded the Seven Star Mountain and guarded the entire Seven Star State. It was also the foundation of the entire Dao Sword Palace.
If a great demon was attacking, the towering sword would automatically sense it and release "Sword Intent" to kill the invader thousands of miles away. Therefore, the sudden movement of the towering sword caused everyone to feel uneasy.
"Could it be related to Luo Zheng's Dao Enlightenment …" Someone guessed in a low voice.
At this moment, the Grand Sword Master seemed to have thought of something. He clapped his hands and nodded. "Yes! Indeed! "
At the same time, a strange rune appeared in the center of the towering sword. This rune was like a circle, gathering towards the center and finally forming a huge sound transmission array.
The ability of this sound transmission array was similar to the Xuanyuan Gouyu. It could transmit sound over a long distance.
However, the Xuanyuan Gouyu could target a random target, as long as the target was a Xuanyuan Guard. This sound transmission array was more rigid, but it could transmit sound over a longer distance.
When the sound transmission array was formed, a thunderous voice sounded from within.
"Hahaha … Not bad … I planted seven swords in a deserted state back then. To think that I would be able to obtain a person who comprehended Dao Enlightenment. What an unexpected gain!"
The palace masters were still stunned. They never thought that there would be a sound transmission array in the towering sword.
However, when Qiu Hanyan and the Grand Sword Master heard this voice, their bodies suddenly trembled. The two of them already knew the identity of the other party from the voice.
It really was the voice of the person who had planted the towering sword, Qiu Yinhe. The Dao Sword Palace was also created by this person.
Not only that, but Qiu Yinhe was also the ancestor of the Qiu Clan and the Bai Clan …
However, it was impossible for someone like Qiu Yinhe to stay in the Dao Sword Palace forever as he roamed the Motherworld.
Just as Qiu Yinhe had said, he had planted seven of these towering swords and created seven sects similar to the Dao Sword Palace. Moreover, they had all challenged states where demonic beasts ran rampant.
However, to this day, only two of the towering swords still existed.
One was the Dao Sword Palace, and the other was the Blood Sword City. Not long after the other five sects were established, they were attacked by peerless demonic beasts. After being defeated, they disappeared into history. Even the towering swords were destroyed by those peerless demonic beasts.
Now that he suddenly heard Qiu Yinhe's voice, the Grand Sword Master was the most excited. He had controlled the towering sword for so many years, but this was the first time he had seen the sound transmission array open!
"Senior Qiu, Senior Qiu …"

Chapter 2663
The Orthodox Human Race
Qiu Yinhe was a legendary existence in the Dao Sword Palace and even the entire Seven Stars State.
The Seven Stars State was not once called the Seven Stars State, but the Fierce Hou State. The race that occupied this state was the Fierce Hou Race.
There were only a small number of human beings in this province. These human beings had yet to be civilized, and were struggling to survive in the form of tribes.
At that time, the humans were at the bottom of the food chain. They could die at any moment from the mouths of the Fierce Hou Race's Monster Demons. These Monster Demons were extremely cruel and the divine citizens could not resist them.
It was Qiu Yinhe's appearance that changed this situation.
The Mirror Grasshopper that he killed was the fiercest Monster Demon in the Seven Stars State. It had occupied the Seven Stars State for millions of years and was infamous.
Thus, everyone in the Seven Stars State was familiar with the legends of Qiu Yinhe. Even the Tiandu State was the same, but the vast majority of people had never seen him in person.
Qiu Hanyan, as well as the Grand Swordsman and the Headmaster of the Academia who were present, could easily imagine how they felt when they heard this voice.
"Luo Zheng actually managed to lure Senior Qiu out," Qiu Shengshui smacked his lips.
Everyone was unable to contain their excitement. Only Luo Zheng remained calm.
He did not know what level Qiu Yinhe was at, but he had seen the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, Fuxi, and Chiyou. No matter how powerful Qiu Yinhe was, he could not be above these people.
Qiu Yinhe ignored the Grand Sword Saint and said to Luo Zheng, "Disciple of the Dao Sword Palace, please come forward!"
Luo Zheng blinked and did not move from his spot.
The Grand Sword Saint panicked and said, "Luo Zheng, Senior Qiu wants you to come forward."
"Oh," Luo Zheng calmly replied.
Then, he lightly tapped the ground, and a gentle wind wrapped around him. His entire body floated toward the towering sword.
Just as he approached the towering sword, fine patterns appeared on the sword. These patterns immediately covered the entire sword, and a circular arched door appeared in the middle of the sword.
Seeing this arched door, the Grand Swordsman was also stunned.
The Grand Sword Arbiter was the person chosen by the Dao Sword Palace to control the towering sword. As a result, the Grand Sword Arbiter possessed great authority in the Dao Sword Palace. He was also the person who understood the towering sword the best. However, he had no idea that there was actually a door within the towering sword.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the entrance of the arched door, he paused for a moment and revealed a helpless smile before going in.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't expect things to develop to this point.
It wasn't his idea to enter the Dao Sword Palace, but he thought that since he was already here, he might as well take things as they came. It wouldn't be a bad idea to master another Eternal Sword Luck True Intent.
However, he did not expect himself to be so compatible with the Eternal Sword Intent. Throughout the entire process, he did not feel the slightest bit of pressure and cultivated the complete version of the True Intent of Dao in one go.
Although Luo Zheng knew that this wasn't a bad thing, he couldn't help but feel a little hesitant.
The interior of the towering sword was not solid, and there was a relatively large space after entering through the arched door.
Luo Zheng floated in the center of the space, and the door behind him instantly disappeared. Then, Qiu Yinhe's voice sounded again, "What's your name?"
Luo Zheng looked around and answered very calmly, "My name is Luo Zheng."
"Luo?" Qiu Yinhe was slightly stunned.
When Qiu Yinhe took over the Seven Stars State, he bestowed the surnames of two major clans, "Qiu" and "Yue Bai". Qiu Yinhe thought that Luo Zheng should be a disciple born from the Qiu Clan and Yue Bai Clan. When he heard this surname, he naturally felt strange and asked again, "This surname is rare. Are you not a native of the Seven Stars State?"
As expected, he met another person who wanted to get to the bottom of things …
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "I am not a native of the Seven Stars State. I was brought here by the Qiu Academy from the Tiandu State."
If Qiu Yinhe continued to ask about Luo Zheng's true origins, Luo Zheng could only make up a story.
The most important thing for him to do in his mother world was to not reveal the divine realm. That was the last hope and foundation of Jiuli.
Fortunately, Qiu Yinhe did not continue to ask. He changed the topic and said, "Since you joined the Dao Sword Palace, you must know the origin of the Dao Sword Palace?"
"I've heard a thing or two," Luo Zheng answered.
"Very good. I am the Tian Jiedushi of the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. Back then, I laid down this towering sword to open up a path to the primal chaos. Since you can comprehend the Eternal Sword Fate with a single thought, it means that you have extraordinary talent in the way of the sword. My Tai Yi Heavenly Palace is the orthodox way of the sword in the world, and the Eternal Sword Fate was created by the Eastern Emperor. Are you willing to join my Tai Yi Heavenly Palace?" Qiu Yinhe said calmly.
The Dao Sword Palace was famous in the Seven Stars State, but in the mother world, it was only a small and remote power.
The towering sword was indeed powerful, but the other races were not afraid of the towering sword itself. They were afraid of the power behind the towering sword, the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace!
Qiu Yinhe had left behind a set of criteria for selecting disciples in the Dao Sword Palace. It was to divide the talents of the disciples into eight grades. Those who reached the sixth grade could be selected to enter the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace.
Over the years, the Dao Sword Palace had sent out many disciples with sixth grade talents.
Qiu Shengshui also had a sixth grade talent, but because of some other reasons, he missed this opportunity.
In the past hundred years, the Dao Sword Palace did not have enough manpower. They did not have a sixth grade talent, so they seemed to have withered. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly appear?
A person who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought had already surpassed the criteria set by Qiu Yinhe. After all, comprehending the Dao with a single thought was rare even in the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. Qiu Yinhe had never thought that such a genius would appear in such a small place.
He invited Luo Zheng in, which was a personal invitation to Luo Zheng.
"Just accept him. The Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's conditions are much better than this small place. It is one of the four orthodoxies of the human race ….. Wrong, I'm afraid there are only three orthodoxies left. Hehe, and Donghuang Taiyi is no weaker than the Dihong Clan," 9527 said.
"What nonsense are you talking about? I already have a master," Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng did not know what the three orthodoxies of the human race were, but he understood what 9527 meant.
The people of Jiuli were one of the orthodoxies of the human race. But now that Jiuli was destroyed, there was naturally one less orthodoxies.
Qiu Yinhe was very patient. He did not say anything and just quietly waited for Luo Zheng's response.
9527 had urged Luo Zheng to join the Dao Sword Palace in the hope that he would rely on a certain power to quickly improve himself. But he had no choice but to choose the Dao Sword Palace. After all, with Luo Zheng's strength, it was not realistic for him to travel across the continent.
Joining the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace through the Dao Sword Palace was beyond his expectations, but it was indeed a good choice.
After thinking it through, Luo Zheng replied, "I am willing to join the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace."
"Very good!" Qiu Yinhe said with a trace of a smile, "In that case, I will bestow upon you an opportunity as a greeting gift."
As his voice fell, a light blue ancient longsword appeared in the space inside the towering sword. This ancient longsword was illusory and emitted a trace of a unique aura.

Chapter 2664
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Imperial Sword Seal
Qiu Yinhe smiled faintly and said, "This is the Body Enlightenment Sword, my Nirvana Token. Of course, what you see is only the projection of the Body Enlightenment Sword in the towering sword."
The Nirvana Token was very important to a Nirvana Realm master. Of course, Qiu Yinhe wouldn't place his own Nirvana Token in the Seven Stars State.
However, through special means, the Nirvana Token could be projected into a treasure.
For example, the Lingxiao Flying Boat relied on a Nirvana Token to allow the flying boat to have the speed to travel through the void.
The towering sword was a treasure that Qiu Yinhe created using his own Nirvana Token …
Luo Zheng looked at the pale golden ancient sword with a hint of confusion in his eyes. No matter how powerful the projection of the Nirvana Token was, it was impossible for it to be given to him. He hadn't stepped into the Nirvana Realm, so his inner world couldn't bear the Nirvana Token.
"The Body Enlightenment Sword is also a rare treasure in the Nirvana Realm. Its power isn't outstanding, but it can give you a 'Imperial Sword Seal,'" Qiu Yinhe said.
"Imperial Sword Seal? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
"You'll know soon enough. There's only one Imperial Sword Seal in this world. There's no other, hehe …" Qiu Yinhe said with a hint of pride.
The Body Enlightenment Sword floating in the air started to hum. After a few rounds, the tip of the Body Enlightenment Sword was aimed at Luo Zheng's chest!
"Looks like I'll have to move …" 9527 said helplessly.
Then, Luo Zheng felt a slight pain in his chest. The rhombus-shaped bone piece floating in front of Luo Zheng's chest started to move rapidly.
The rhombus-shaped bone piece was extremely sharp. When it moved in front of his chest, it would naturally cut through Luo Zheng's muscles. This injury was nothing to Luo Zheng. He would recover in a moment, but he would still feel pain …
Just as 9527 moved away, the ancient sword was already shooting towards Luo Zheng!
It was so fast that Luo Zheng didn't have time to react.
In the blink of an eye, the golden sword pierced through Luo Zheng's chest and came out of Luo Zheng's back.
Although Luo Zheng's body had been pierced by the sword, it was not a real sword, so it did not leave any wounds.
It turned out that 9527 "moved" in advance because it was afraid that Qiu Yinhe would discover its existence.
"Look at your chest," Qiu Yinhe said calmly.
Luo Zheng unbuttoned his robe and saw a faint sword mark on his chest.
"This Imperial Sword Seal is my innate ability to comprehend the Body Sword. Even those old geezers are begging me to give them the Imperial Sword Seal. This meeting gift is very good, hehe …" Qiu Yinhe laughed again.
Luo Zheng secretly curled his lips. Although he didn't dare to deny Qiu Yinhe's strength, was it really good to boast like this?
"Senior Qiu hasn't told me the function of this Sword Control Seal …" Luo Zheng said.
"Do you have any high-grade swords?" Qiu Yinhe asked.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
He definitely couldn't take out the Tengshe Sword. After thinking for a while, he flipped his hand and a long sword shining with green light appeared in his hand. It was the Qingfeng Sword given to Luo Zheng by the Dao Sword Palace.
"This kind of scrap metal …" Qiu Yinhe was a little speechless.
"This is the Qingfeng Sword given to me by the Dao Sword Palace," Luo Zheng reminded.
Qiu Yinhe smiled and immediately said, "I'll teach you how to use the Imperial Sword Seal. You can use it on the Qingfeng Sword."
Then Qiu Yinhe recited a spell.
The Imperial Sword Seal was mysterious in itself. The spell to activate the Imperial Sword Seal was very simple. Luo Zheng grasped it in a few breaths.
Then Luo Zheng silently recited the spell in his heart. He felt his blood and Qi surge in his body. The aura of the Eternal Sword Intent that he had just grasped quickly gathered in his chest. Then he felt a burning sensation in his chest. A dark golden light shot out from the Imperial Sword Seal in his chest. After this light entered the Qingfeng Sword, the entire Qingfeng Sword suddenly underwent an earth-shattering change.
Luo Zheng grasped the hilt of the sword. He could feel an energy that could split the heavens and earth curl up within it!
"This power …" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly.
"You can release it," Qiu Yinhe reminded, "Don't worry, you can't cut open the inner wall of this towering sword."
Luo Zheng originally had this intention. Since Qiu Yinhe said so, he no longer had any scruples. He waved the sword in his hand and slashed forward!
"Weng weng …"
Streaks of light golden filaments rushed in front of Luo Zheng. These filaments were moving in an irregular direction, but each one of them was unusually sharp.
"Slash, slash …"
These golden threads cut into the inner wall of the towering sword, leaving irregular grooves on the inner wall.
However, Luo Zheng didn't manage to cut open the towering sword. This towering sword had the ability to repair itself. In the blink of an eye, those grooves disappeared completely.
"The power is not bad," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. He was faintly disappointed. Those faint golden threads were sharp, but there was still a certain gap between them and his Dao Fusion energy.
Qiu Yinhe seemed to have heard the disappointment in Luo Zheng's heart. He snorted faintly and said, "Just not bad? Now you're using this scrap to activate my Imperial Sword Seal. You'll understand the benefits of the Imperial Sword Seal in the future! "
Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly. He immediately asked, "Senior Qiu, are you saying that this Imperial Sword Seal doesn't rely on my Dao True Intent to activate it?"
He just felt that the Imperial Sword Seal absorbed his Dao True Intent aura. He thought that this was just a Dao True Intent Divine Ability. In addition, its power was inferior to his Dao Fusion energy. Naturally, he wasn't too surprised.
"Of course not! It's related to the grade of the sword you're using, "Qiu Yinhe said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped wildly.
The magic treasures in the mother world should have another set of grades. As the standard sword of the Dao Sword Palace, this Azure Edge Sword was completely inferior. It wasn't even as good as some of the treasured swords Luo Zheng brought from the God Realm, including the "Kunluan Sword" and other top magic treasures from the God Realm.
Most importantly, the Sword of Tengshe was still with Luo Zheng …
If the Azure Edge Sword, which Qiu Yinhe called "scrap metal," could display such power, then what about the Sword of Tengshe?
Qiu Yinhe sensed Luo Zheng's emotions and chuckled. "It seems that you're carrying some amazing treasures?"
Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He wanted to say something to cover it up.
However, Qiu Yinhe continued, "Don't worry. How could I, Qiu Yinhe, have any ideas about a junior!"
Of course, he didn't know that Luo Zheng was holding Chiyou's former sword. If he knew, he would have a different idea.
"I've already given you the opportunity. You can leave now. Stay in the Dao Sword Palace obediently. I'll send people to the Seven Stars Province!" After Qiu Yinhe finished speaking, the circular arched door that had disappeared opened again.

Chapter 2665
CHAPTER 2665 - CHAPTER 266
Soul Bestowing Pill
After retreating from the towering sword, everyone's gaze converged on Luo Zheng.
He had just entered the Dao Sword Palace, but he was able to meet Qiu Yinhe alone. The disciples were all envious.
Even the current Palace Master and the elders did not receive such treatment.
"Luo Zheng … Come over here …" Qiu Hanyan called out to him.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He floated and landed in front of Qiu Hanyan.
The other Palace Masters looked at Luo Zheng, their hearts filled with various emotions …
"What did Elder Qiu … say to you?" Qiu Hanyan asked.
Luo Zheng blinked and smiled. "He asked me to join the Great One Sky Palace and sent someone to bring me in."
"As expected!"
The Grand Sword Master, Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui were all overjoyed.
Especially Qiu Shengshui.
He had made a huge mistake and was removed from his position as a Tianluo Guard.
According to the rules of the Dao Sword Palace, if he wanted to return to the Tianluo Guard, he had to achieve something in the Dao Sword Palace.
However, he had given up on himself all these years. Coupled with the special situation of the Dao Sword Palace, his return to the Tianluo Guard was far away.
Although Luo Zheng had just entered the Dao Sword Palace, he was still a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace. This merit would be written in Qiu Hanyan's name!
His return to the Tianluo Guard was just around the corner.
As for the other Palace Lords of the other academies, they were naturally jealous.
They worked hard to teach the disciples of the Dao Sword Palace while Qiu Shengshui drowned his sorrows in alcohol. In the end, he was able to take advantage of them. Naturally, they felt a little jealous.
According to the previous rules, if the Dao Sword Palace could unearth a genius disciple for the Great One Sky Palace, the Great One Sky Palace would give some benefits to compensate for the loss. This time, Luo Zheng was able to comprehend the Dao with a single thought. The Great One Sky Palace's rewards would be even more generous.
At that time, Qiu Shengshui would not only be able to regain his position as a Tianluo Guard, but his status in the Dao Sword Palace would also rise, far surpassing the Palace Masters.
"Elder Qiu … Did he say when?" Qiu Hanyan asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No."
The Great Sword Master said, "Hanyan, there's no need to rush. In the past, it was us who sent the disciples to the Greater One Heavenly Palace. This time, the Heavenly Palace came to pick them up personally. I think it will be very quick …"
Qiu Hanyan nodded slightly.
At this moment, another exclamation came from the rooftop. "Qiu Yi has broken through the bottleneck!"
"Yue Baicheng too! Are the two of them also trying to comprehend the full True Meaning? "
After Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng fought with Luo Zheng in the True Intent Sword Duel, they came to a realization.
When the lines on the towering sword disappeared, the two of them couldn't wait to verify what they had comprehended.
The two of them chanted as they moved forward. Almost at the same time, they passed their bottlenecks and reached completion …
If it was any other time, it would be a joyous occasion for the academia to have two people step into the Sea of True Intent at the same time. But after the matter of Luo Zheng joining Greater One Heavenly Palace, the matter of the two people entering the Sea of True Intent became a lot dimmer.
After Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng completely comprehended the Eternal Sword Intent, they sat down cross-legged and couldn't wait to step into the Sea of True Intent.
At this moment, Yue Baili hurriedly said, "Autumn Academia, the two of them have just cultivated their True Meaning to completion. According to the usual practice, they should be bestowed with Soul Elixirs first!"
Qiu Yun 'er nodded and reminded Yue Baicheng, "Yue Baicheng, don't enter the Sea of True Intent first. Bring a Soul Elixir first!"
Soul Elixirs were rare items in the Dao Sword Palace.
Most of the small forces didn't have the ability to produce Soul Elixirs. If they wanted to obtain Soul Elixirs, they could only pay a higher price to get it from the big forces.
Compared to the other small forces, the Dao Sword Palace had some advantages because they were backed by Greater One Heavenly Palace. They could use a lower price to exchange for Soul Elixirs. When they bought Soul Elixirs from Greater One Heavenly Palace, the price was much cheaper than the other small forces.
Even so, the supply of Soul Elixirs in the Dao Sword Palace was still very poor. After all, Soul Elixirs were not only used in the Sea of True Intent. Soul Elixirs were equally important in the Paramita Realm. The Paramita Realm cultivators in the Dao Sword Palace also had a great demand for Soul Elixirs.
"In that case, we should bestow Luo Zheng a Soul Elixir." Qiu Sheng Shui patted his head.
There were very few disciples in his Condensing Sword Academy who could enter the Sea of True Intent. He hadn't paid attention to it for many years and had forgotten about this rule.
Qiu Hanyan smiled faintly and called Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng to Luo Zheng's side.
Qiu Hanyan's fair right hand opened gently and a black bottle appeared in her hand. The shape of the bottle was very strange and there was a strange ghost head drawn on the bottle.
Luo Zheng had seen Soul Elixirs in the Sea of True Intent before and he had a lot of them. However, he had never seen them in the real world. Seeing this strange bottle, Luo Zheng said curiously, "This bottle is strange."
Hearing this, Qiu Yi glanced at Luo Zheng. "You haven't seen this before? Soul Elixirs are special in nature and can only be stored in a Soul Bottle. If you leave the Soul Elixirs outside, they will disappear completely in two or three days. "
Before Luo Zheng could reply, Yue Baicheng reprimanded, "Qiu Yi, don't be rude!"
Qiu Yi had a young temperament and he was naturally resentful that Luo Zheng had stolen his limelight.
Although Yue Baili was also unhappy, Yue Baili was very clear that a disciple that Qiu Yinhe personally brought into Great Yi Heavenly Palace would definitely have a bright future. Qiu Yi offending Luo Zheng was definitely not a wise thing to do.
Qiu Yi's face was full of dissatisfaction. He was a disciple of the Qiu Family, why should he be afraid of an outsider?
But since the Palace Lord had spoken, he naturally did not dare to refute.
Luo Zheng did not lower himself to Qiu Yi's level. His gaze was fixed on the "Soul Bottle".
Qiu Hanyan's slender fingers gently stroked the surface of the Soul Bottle and three muffled "pop pop pop pop" sounds came from the mouth of the bottle. Immediately after that, three transparent bubbles were blown out from the bottle and within the bubbles was a brown colored Soul Elixir that was the size of a fist.
"Soul Elixir, so big …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. It seemed to be a little different from what he had seen.
Yue Baicheng, who was silent at the side, thought carefully. He knew that Luo Zheng was someone who had entered the Sea of Truth and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, have you seen Soul Elixirs in the Sea of Truth?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"That's right. I heard that although the Sea of Truth and the Paramita Realm are huge worlds, the scenery there is grotesque and variegated. It is somewhat different from our reality. If I am fortunate enough to meet Brother Luo Zheng in the Sea of Truth, I hope that you can guide me," Yue Baicheng said respectfully.
"We are all disciples of the Dao Sword Palace. It is only right for us to guide each other," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.

Chapter 2666
Suddenly …
Qiu Hanyan waved her finger lightly, and the Soul Cores wrapped in bubbles floated towards the three of them.
Luo Zheng saw the Soul Cores floating over, and with a light touch of his finger, the bubbles burst open.
The fist-sized brown Soul Core turned into a cloud of brown smoke, drilling into Luo Zheng's head, instantly entering his forehead and into Luo Zheng's soul.
"After you enter the Sea of Truth … the Soul Core can enter with your Sun Soul," Qiu Hanyan said lightly.
After Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng got the Soul Cores, they couldn't wait to return to the rooftop, sitting cross-legged and meditating. As they emitted a strong Eternal Sword Intent, their Sun Souls entered the Sea of Truth.
All the True Gods in the Mother World had a strong desire for the Sea of Truth, and only by crossing this sea would it truly begin.
Luo Zheng also leaped onto the rooftop of the Condensing Sword Academy, and sat down cross-legged.
It would take some time for the Greater One Heavenly Palace to pick someone up, and he could use this time to cross the sea …
But to cross the Sea of Truth here, Luo Zheng had to pay attention to some things. He probably couldn't use his physical body to enter the Sea of Truth, as it would be too easy to be exposed.
Although 9527 said that the Greater One Heavenly Palace was considered the orthodox human race, Luo Zheng didn't want others to find out about some sensitive things.
As Luo Zheng brewed the True Meaning of Dao, he had already sunk into meditation.
His Sun Soul seemed to be guided by the True Meaning of Dao, and in an instant, he had already stepped into the Sea of Truth …
…
…
Above the palace …
Ling Shuang sat in a corner of the palace, a pair of legs floating outside, swaying constantly.
Below the palace, a beautiful woman walked with small steps, looking up at Ling Shuang with a smile, "Shuang 'er, I heard that the Ink Sea has already crossed the fifth segment line!"
Ling Shuang's lips curled up slightly, "So what?"
"Actually, you can cross the Sea of Truth on your own. As long as that youth enters the Sea of Truth, you will eventually know. At that time, you can also bring him along, there's no need to be so stubborn," the beautiful woman advised.
Ling Shuang shook her head, "Aunt Ping understands my character, I won't go back on my word, I have to wait for him."
Aunt Ping said, "But Ling Shuang is already falling behind by a lot …"
"I don't care. Moreover, I'm only falling behind by a little. With Mo Hai's speed, as long as I get serious, I'll be able to surpass them!" Ling Shuang said.
Aunt Ping sighed. This child's talent was outstanding, but he was too stubborn.
To be able to meet that person who used his fleshly body to wander the Sea of True Intent was undoubtedly a matter worth paying attention to.
But that person hadn't shown up since the last time. Who knew what had happened?
Using the fleshly body to cross the Sea of True Intent was originally not allowed. Perhaps that person had already been eliminated by the truth because he had violated the truth?
The truth was the truth. Who in this world could really cross it?
However, at this moment, the small sword hanging from Ling Shuang's waist trembled slightly. Ling Shuang's expression changed abruptly.
Her body leaned forward with unusual agility, and she rolled down from the roof. Halfway through, her legs kicked lightly on the roof beam, and she shot towards the ground like an arrow.
"Aunt Ping, hurry up and protect me. That fellow is coming up," Ling Shuang said.
"Finally came up?" Aunt Ping looked at Ling Shuang and shook her head helplessly.
In fact, the Great Palace Master also attached great importance to that young man. It was said that this matter had spread all over the Greater One Heavenly Palace, and the old monsters in the Heavenly Palace had ordered the disciples of the Heavenly Palace to wander around in a line, hoping to find that young man.
Aunt Ping obviously knew the clue. The clue was in Ling Shuang's hands, but she wasn't willing to tell that group of old monsters …
Ling Shuang sat cross-legged, rapidly emitting the True Intent of Dao. In the blink of an eye, he had already stepped into the Sea of True Intent.
In the Sea of True Intent, a small boat emitting the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent quietly took shape. Ling Shuang's blurry figure also quickly appeared on the boat. She immediately looked around and didn't find Luo Zheng's boat!
"That shouldn't be. He disappeared so quickly? Or did he withdraw from the Sea of True Intent again? "
Ling Shuang pouted, her face full of disappointment.
At this moment, a calm voice suddenly sounded behind her. "Are you looking for me?"
Ling Shuang suddenly turned around and saw Luo Zheng's True Intent boat quietly floating behind her.
"Why did you only come up now?" Ling Shuang was pleasantly surprised, but her tone was full of blame.
In order to wait for Luo Zheng, she had indeed wasted a lot of time.
Especially for someone of her status, she had to be compared with the peerless geniuses of the Greater One Heavenly Palace at all times. The pressure she faced was especially great.
"I encountered some troublesome matters, sorry," Luo Zheng said.
From the God Domain to the Mother World, and then from the Sky Capital Region to the Dao Sword Palace, Luo Zheng had never stopped to rest. Indeed, he didn't have much time to enter the Sea of True Intent.
"Hey, you don't cultivate the Dao technique True Intent of Nature? Why is it mixed with the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent? "
Ling Shuang obviously wasn't angry with Luo Zheng. She quickly discovered the strangeness of Luo Zheng.
From Luo Zheng's True Intent boat came traces of sharp aura. That was the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent that Ling Shuang was most familiar with.
Speaking of which, she had also asked Luo Zheng for the ability to use the Dao technique True Intent of Nature. In just a year's time, Luo Zheng had already grasped another True Intent of Dao.
"This is indeed something that I have just comprehended," Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"Just cultivated?" Ling Shuang's eyebrows rose slightly. "The comprehension of True Intent of Dao can't be achieved overnight. To be able to cultivate one in such a short time, and to cultivate two True Intents of Dao is very difficult …"
Luo Zheng didn't want to be entangled in this matter, so he changed the topic. "Two True Intents of Dao can't allow me to quickly cross the Sea of True Intent. Let's set off quickly!"
With a trace of suspicion, the two True Intent boats, one in front and one behind, set off again in the vast sea of stars.
… …
… …
The green boundary wall separated the Sky Capital Region and the Seven Stars Region.
At this time, a crack appeared in the soil layer below the Sky Capital Region.
A green vine extended out of the crack.
This vine had a very unique shape. The leaves growing at the front of the vine were like the toes of a gecko. These toes crawled along the ground and quickly attached themselves to the boundary wall.
Clap!
This toe-like leaf slapped against the boundary wall.
The boundary wall flashed with light, and a golden Sanskrit character appeared on the surface of the boundary wall.
At the same time, a golden Sanskrit character appeared in the center of the leaf, and then the leaf covered the boundary wall.
"Buzz …"
The two Sanskrit characters could not match, so the boundary wall was not opened.
But the Sanskrit characters on the leaf continued to adjust, and after five or six tries, a golden Sanskrit character finally began to match.
After obtaining the recognition of the boundary wall, more than one thousand fissures appeared in the ground below, and countless Arabian Demonic Flowers began to emerge from the ground!
These Arabian Demonic Flowers could not move on their own, but all of them were attached to an extremely massive vine! And this vine was tens of thousands of li long!
"Rumble …"
The ground cracked open for tens of thousands of li, and all of the Sky Capital Region trembled.
Following closely behind these Arabian Demonic Flowers was the tallest of the Arabian Demonic Flowers, the King of Arabian Demonic Flowers!
The moment it appeared, a frenzied and ruthless energy engulfed the surrounding one million li.

Chapter 2667
Edited by: Michyrr
City Extermination
Star Plucking City was the smallest city south of the Seven Stars Province. The most eye-catching building in the city was the thousand-foot-tall Star Plucking Tower.
This Star Plucking Tower was an outpost built by the Dao Sword Palace, and the Tianluo Guards were stationed there year-round.
Many of the Gods in Star Plucking City tried their luck, hoping to be accepted as disciples by the Tianluo Guards. Even if they didn't accept disciples, they could at least give them a few pointers.
This annoyed the Tianluo Guards to no end, so they could only lock down the Star Plucking Tower.
At the top of the tower, two azure-robed men were leaning against a wide cushion in boredom. One of them complained, "It's only been a month, and I can't take it anymore. I have to stand guard here for three years! Is the life of a Tianluo Guard so boring? "
The speaker was called Qiu Chen. Half a year ago, he had passed the Dao Sword Palace's test and become a one-star Tianluo Guard.
When Qiu Chen thought that he could go to other provinces and slay demons with the other Tianluo Guards, he was assigned this mission: stand guard over Star Plucking City for three years.
"You should be content. You only got three years, but I got five! After staying in this godforsaken place for so long, I don't even remember what Seven Stars City looks like, "the other youth replied.
This youth was called Yue Baihe, and he was also a one-star Tianluo Guard.
When a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace became a Tianluo Guard, their first mission was to stand guard over the major cities of the Seven Stars Province.
Under the protection of the towering sword, the Seven Stars Province was rarely invaded by Great Demons. This sort of mission was completely meaningless and extremely boring.
"Rumble …"
As the two were speaking, the ground began to rumble, and even the Star Plucking Tower began to sway.
Yue Baihe sensed the tremors and curiously asked, "What's going on?"
Qiu Chen frowned. "Is it an earthquake?"
The ground shook more and more violently, and the Star Picking Tower shook more and more violently. Many of the gods in Star Picking City also ran out. They all looked at each other, not knowing what was going on.
"Earthquake, my ass! What's that!? "
A massive fissure suddenly appeared in front of Star Plucking City.
This fissure rapidly expanded, and a thick vine emerged from it. Arabian Demonic Flowers took root in this vine.
In the blink of an eye, this vine had reached the skies of Plucking City!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Hundreds of thousands of Arabian Flowers left their vines and plummeted to the ground.
Qiu Chen's mouth dropped open in disbelief at the sight of the Arabian Demonic Flowers. "Damn … it's the monster plants of the Tiandu Province!"
"How dare they invade the Seven Stars State! Are those Sand Nation people and Arabian demonic flowers seeking death? "Yue Baihe yelled.
Each Arabian Demonic Flower was more than one hundred feet tall, and in the first wave, all the buildings in Star Seizing City had collapsed.
The divine citizens madly fled, but the vast majority of them fell into the maws of the Arabian flowers. Even though a few True Gods were doing their best to resist, the Arabian Flowers were simply too numerous. How could they possibly be a match for them?
When Qiu Chen saw this, he pulled out his Qingfeng Sword. Strands of Dao Intent spread out from his sword.
He had become a Heavenly Net Guard precisely so that he could slay demons and devils like the seniors of the Dao Sword Palace. Not only was he fearless in the face of this apocalyptic scene, his blood even began to boil with excitement!
"What are you doing?" Yue Baihe stood in front of Qiu Chen and asked.
"Of course I'm going to kill these Arabian Demonic Flowers!"
Qiu Chen raised his sword and leaped into the air. Under the Sword Fate's Eternal Sword Intent, streaks of greenish-purple sword light slashed out.
This sword glow was so powerful that it was practically unstoppable. In the blink of an eye, several dozen Arabian Demonic Flowers had been cleaved in two.
These Arabian Demonic Flowers could barely deal with Upper True Gods, so how could they resist a Heavenly Net Guard like Qiu Chen?
Seeing that Qiu Chen was in the mood to kill, Yue Baihe shot to his side like a ghost and grabbed the hilt of his sword. "There are so many demonic flowers. Can you kill them all? That Demonic Flower King is a Fifteenth Heaven Great Monster. With its true body here, you will die without a grave. We need to retreat to the Dao Sword Palace! "
"I am a Heavenly Net Guard of the Dao Sword Palace. How can I …" Qiu Chen righteously said.
"Idiot!"
Yue Baihe's fingers suddenly clamped down and snatched the longsword from Qiu Chen's hand. She grabbed Qiu Chen's arm and was about to teleport away.
Just as he condensed the spatial ripple, a thick vine suddenly whipped towards the two of them!
Whoosh …
The Star Seizing Tower was smashed to pieces by the vine, and the two of them immediately felt an irresistible force hit them.
All the bones in their bodies shattered in an instant. The two Heaven's Net Guardians flew through the air like kites with their strings cut and fell into Star picking City.
The thick vine didn't stop there. It made a small arc and whipped the two of them from top to bottom!
Yue Baihe lay limp on the ground, his face covered in blood. He glared at the unconscious Qiu Chen and cursed, "Damn it! You killed me just like that!"
It had not been easy to become a Heavenly Net Guard, but he had died in the Seven Stars Province before he could even venture out. One could easily imagine the unwillingness in his heart.
"Boom …"
The vines came crashing down, and the terrifying power crushed everything below into dust.
The hundreds of thousands of divine citizens of Star Seizing City had been devoured in less than five minutes, and then the Arabian flowers once more took root in the massive vines and burrowed into the ground. They began to travel north, leaving behind a city of ghastly craters and ruins.
The massive sword tens of thousands of li away seemed crude, but it was actually Qiu Yinhe's painstaking creation.
Many formations had been set up in this sword, and one of them was called the Eye of Heaven. This Eye of Heaven covered all of the Seven Stars Province, and no Great Monster could escape the detection of this formation.
But this time, the massive sword did not sense the invasion of the Arabian demonic flowers.
The Dao Sword Palace and Seven Stars City were still in a state of peace.
… …
… …
On the Sea of True Intent …
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's boat of True Intent swiftly traveled forward.
Ling Shuang's small resentment was quickly dispelled.
She had always been at the age where she could not stop talking, and she was extremely lively as she followed Luo Zheng's boat.
Occasionally, other people would drive their boats of True Intent to follow behind Ling Shuang in order to conserve their soul energy, but she would quickly drive them away.
Less than an hour later, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a series of strange insect cries coming from not far ahead.
"Shh! Listen! What's that sound? "Luo Zheng made a shushing gesture.
Ling Shuang quieted down and listened. Just as Luo Zheng had said, she could hear the chirping of insects amidst the gentle waves.
"It's over there!" Luo Zheng whispered.

Chapter 2668
The Great Maelstrom
These boats were only half the height of a person, so it was impossible for them to carry a human.
Luo Zheng quietly looked down and saw fist-sized grey shadows on the boats. Although he couldn't see their faces clearly, he could vaguely tell that they were fist-sized insects!
The shape of these small insects' boats was also very strange, like an overturned pumpkin.
"I was wondering what it was. So it's the Green Grasshopper Race," Ling Shuang said after observing for a while.
"Green Grasshopper Race?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
"Yes, it's a type of demonic insect. It's not a small race in the Mother World, but the Green Grasshopper Race usually hides deep underground and is very rare. This Green Grasshopper Race isn't a particularly savage race …" Ling Shuang replied.
In this world, humans weren't the only race that could cross the Paramita. Dragons, snakes, ants, strange insects, and strange beasts — as long as they had gained intelligence and wanted to become stronger, they could only enter the Sea of True Intent and enter the Paramita.
Luo Zheng originally knew about this. After all, he had heard that the Arabian Demonic Flower King had crossed the Paramita and entered the Fifteenth Heaven.
However, Luo Zheng had only met humans before. This was the first time he saw a foreign race, and such small insects wandering in the Sea of True Intent. Luo Zheng naturally felt very strange. He asked, "Why haven't I seen other foreign races before?"
"Every race enters a different sea region. It's just a coincidence." Ling Shuang only guessed.
"This Green Grasshopper Race seems to cultivate the True Intent of Nature." Luo Zheng looked and felt the aura coming from those pumpkin-like boats.
Ling Shuang nodded. "Yes, most foreign races cultivate the True Intent of Nature. They seem to be naturally compatible with this True Intent of Dao."
When the topic of compatibility was mentioned, Luo Zheng thought of his Eternal Sword Fate and asked, "Does everyone have a True Intent of Dao that they are compatible with?"
"Of course! Over here, everyone has to test their compatibility with the True Intent of the Dao. If the compatibility is higher, then the speed of comprehending the True Intent of the Dao will be faster. Just like my compatibility with the Eternal Sword Dao is 90%! The first time I comprehended the Sword Essence of Eternity, I could recite 8,700 words! "Ling Shuang said proudly.
"You can recite 8,700 words on your first try …" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Ling Shuang thought that Luo Zheng was shocked by this result. She smiled proudly and said, "Awesome, right?"
"It's indeed amazing." Luo Zheng nodded and immediately asked, "What if the compatibility reaches 100%?"
Ling Shuang smiled. "That's Dao Enlightenment! There are only a few who can do it. Those who can comprehend the Dao with a single thought will have great achievements in the future! "
So even the compatibility of the True Intent of Dao could be measured. Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart. Then his compatibility with the Eternal Sword Dao should be 100%.
In the Divine Territory, it was extremely difficult for him to comprehend the True Intent of Nature. Presumably, his compatibility with the True Intent of Nature was not high. However, at that time, there was only one True Intent of Dao for him to comprehend.
"You're quite impressive to have grasped another True Intent of Dao in such a short period of time … I've even prepared a True Intent of Nature Dao for you. Now, it seems like I should get you another True Intent of Sword Fate Divine Ability?" Ling Shuang smiled and brought the topic back. She was still interested in Luo Zheng's two True Intents of Dao.
It should not be difficult for Luo Zheng to obtain the True Intent of Sword Dao Enlightenment after entering Great Yi Heaven Palace.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to decline, another two true intent small boats appeared not far to the right. These two true intent small boats were much larger in size. Each of them was 60 meters long, and standing on the true intent small boats was a massive body.
From the silhouette of the body, it could be seen that these were two huge mutated beasts.
These two mutated beasts sat on the wide True Intent boats, not making a sound and emitting a sinister aura.
"What's going on?"
At this time, even Ling Shuang realized that something was wrong.
The human race did not have a complete understanding of the Sea of True Intent. They only knew that from entering the Sea of True Intent to stepping on the other side, they had to cross the nine-segment line. However, they did not know how wide the Sea of True Intent was, how deep it was, and what secrets it hid.
However, the route that the human race took to enter the Sea of True Intent was roughly the same. It was rare for the True Intent boats of other races to be mixed in.
Ling Shuang was also very puzzled to encounter two foreign races in a row today.
"There's more over there …" Luo Zheng pointed behind him.
Behind them, there were also five True Intent boats connected from head to tail. These True Intent boats were about the same size as the human race, but they could faintly see a wolf-like creature crawling on the boats.
These foreign races seemed to be wary of each other. They all kept a distance from each other, as if they were minding their own business.
"Let's stop first," Ling Shuang said after realizing the problem.
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly, and he began to control the speed of the True Intent boats. However, at this time, his eyebrows twitched slightly as he said, "The direction of the water flow has changed."
In the Sea of True Intent, all the boats were moving against the current. Furthermore, every segment of the line, the speed of the water flow would increase, and the difficulty of moving forward would increase. It was the same from the first segment to the second segment.
However, the water was flowing horizontally now, which was completely different from before.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ling Shuang frowned slightly. After thinking for a while, she seemed to have thought of something, and her expression changed drastically. "You're saying that the direction of the water flow has changed?"
"See for yourself," Luo Zheng said, curling his lips.
Ling Shuang observed from the True Intent boats for a while and said with a trembling voice, "This is bad …"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng did not understand what Ling Shuang was afraid of.
At this time, hundreds of True Intent boats suddenly rushed out in front of them. These True Intent boats were moving backwards at an extremely fast speed, and there were people shouting on top of them, "Quick, retreat! There's a huge whirlpool in front of us! "
Seeing these True Intent boats moving backwards, Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion. "There's a huge whirlpool in the Sea of True Intent?"
"Yes, these huge whirlpools have changed the direction of the water flow, which is why the foreign races were brought here." Ling Shuang's voice was a little dull.
"Even if it's a huge whirlpool, there's nothing to be afraid of, right? At most, we can retreat from the Sea of True Intent first and wait for the whirlpool to disappear completely before we come back in, "Luo Zheng said with a shrug.
"It's not as simple as you think. Once the whirlpool in the Sea of True Intent appears, it won't disappear," Ling Shuang replied.
"Then we can go around it," Luo Zheng said.

Chapter 2669
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
An Inescapable Predicament
Luo Zheng immediately realized the severity of the problem.
But he also had a question in his mind. "Since the whirlpool won't disappear, wouldn't the Sea of True Intent be filled with many whirlpools?"
Ling Shuang nodded. "Yes! According to their calculations, there are about 1,200 Great Whirlpools … "
The whirlpools in the Sea of True Intent began to appear in the last 20,000 years.
These whirlpools had a special magical power. Once someone was sucked in, they couldn't leave.
In the beginning, these whirlpools only appeared in the sixth to ninth segment lines. At that time, many creatures were sucked in.
Many extremely talented creatures were trapped here and couldn't cross the maelstrom even after spending their entire lives trying. Their great future prospects were ruined.
During that time, the creatures that entered the Sea of True Intent were trembling with fear. They constantly observed the flow of the water, afraid of being sucked into the whirlpools.
Later, someone thought of a special method. They used the method of making soul elixirs to bring a special dye into the Sea of True Intent and poured it into the whirlpools.
Once the whirlpools were formed, the waters were completely isolated from the outside world. When others crossed the Sea of True Intent, they could see light green or light yellow spiraling waters from afar. They could choose to avoid them from afar.
These whirlpools gradually spread to the periphery of the Sea of True Intent. In the past few years, whirlpools had appeared in the fifth and fourth segment lines, but no whirlpools had appeared in the first to third segment lines.
"I didn't expect the whirlpools to appear in the second segment lines. We just happened to encounter them," Ling Shuang said in distress.
Luo Zheng looked at the Sea of True Intent boats rushing over and said, "Isn't it meaningless for them to retreat like this?"
"Yes, as long as we are sucked into the whirlpools, it means we are isolated from the Sea of True Intent. No matter how hard we struggle, we can't break out," Ling Shuang sighed.
"Hua la, hua la …"
As they spoke, the Sea of True Intent boats swept past Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang and rushed behind them.
"Maybe there is a way to break out. Let's go and take a look," Luo Zheng comforted Ling Shuang when he saw her depressed mood.
Ling Shuang curled her lips. She had been waiting for Luo Zheng, which was why she had fallen into the Great Whirlpool. Otherwise, with her ability, she would have already crossed the five-segment line.
However, she also knew that she was willing to wait for Luo Zheng. Now, other than admitting that she was unlucky, there was nothing to complain about.
After Luo Zheng turned the bow of the True Meaning boat around, with a thought, the boat followed behind Luo Zheng and glided away.
Now, it wasn't only the human race that reacted. The other races seemed to have understood as well. One by one, they turned their True Intent boats around and scrambled to return.
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw the row of True Meaning boats of the Human Race stopping somewhere on the sea.
It was as if there was an invisible wall in front of their boat. No matter how hard they tried, they were unable to break through this wall!
"Why am I so unlucky? I've just comprehended the True Intent, and I've already fallen into the maelstrom!"
"I don't believe it!"
"Those rumors aren't true! There must be a way out! "
The Human Race let out unresigned howls as if the sky was collapsing.
Those who wanted to conquer the Paramita Sea all hoped that they could set foot on the other shore. Falling into the maelstrom was akin to ruining their great future. How could they be willing?
"Ahwooh!"
"Ahwooh …"
"Gugugu …"
The True Meaning boats of the other races were similarly unable to leave the maelstrom. All of them let out all sorts of howls and howls, using their own race's language to express their unwillingness.
Luo Zheng stepped on the True Meaning boat and approached the edge of the maelstrom. He could clearly see two streams of water flowing in different directions converging. When Luo Zheng's boat rushed towards the converging point, he felt an invisible force pushing his boat to the side.
"Is this the power of the water flow? That's not possible … "
The water flow near this line was much more turbulent than here, but he was still able to rush over. The water flow here was very gentle and couldn't stop Luo Zheng from crossing.
Following which, Luo Zheng turned the True Meaning boat horizontally and even tried to reverse it. He used a few methods and even used all his strength to drive the True Meaning boat forward.
But without exception, he was still trapped in the maelstrom!
"It's useless …" Ling Shuang said dejectedly. "There was once someone who used the spirit soul chain to throw the boat into the maelstrom, but they couldn't pull the True Meaning boat out. They tried all methods to get out and even tried to pull people out and abandon the True Meaning boat … but they all failed …"
The person Ling Shuang was talking about was her cousin. Five years ago, he was trapped in one of the maelstrom in the six-segment line.
Before he was trapped, her cousin had tried all sorts of methods. The elders in her family were also extremely powerful in the mother world, but they couldn't save her cousin.
In these few years, she had watched her cousin degenerate from a dazzling genius into a good-for-nothing who drowned his sorrows in alcohol every day.
Not long ago, she was still thinking of ways to console her cousin. She didn't expect it to be her turn now!
Just as Luo Zheng was trying, the wolf-shaped creature drove the True Meaning boat over and said in a half-baked language, "Human, human … do you have a way to leave this place …"
"Get lost!"
Ling Shuang was already in a bad mood, but when she heard the wolf-shaped creature's words, she exploded.
"Little girl of the human race, do you know who I am …" The wolf-shaped creature didn't know where Ling Shuang got her temper from.
At this moment, the soul necklace on Ling Shuang's chest suddenly exploded with a powerful aura. The small sword between her eyebrows shot towards the wolf-shaped creature's Yang soul.
"Pop!"
Following an explosion, the wolf-shaped creature's Yang soul was pierced through by the small sword.
The wolf-shaped creature seemed to have been immobilized. It stood motionless on the boat, and the True Meaning boat began to fall apart, slowly sinking into the sea of True Meaning!
In the blink of an eye, the wolf-shaped creature was killed by Ling Shuang.
"So strong!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He knew that "Xiao Shuang" had an extraordinary background, but he didn't expect her Yang soul to have such strength in her anger.
When the other wolf-shaped creatures saw their comrade killed, they all howled in anger. However, they were still intelligent creatures. They knew that this human girl wasn't to be trifled with, so how could they dare to come over?
After venting her anger, Ling Shuang sighed. "Looks like I can only choose to reincarnate … If you, Luo Zheng, can come to the mother world, I can help you extract the flame of memory and help you be reborn …"
The only way to break the maelstrom was to reincarnate, because the maelstrom only trapped the soul.
Reincarnation was equivalent to placing the flame of memory into a brand new soul and starting over in a brand new shell.

Chapter 2670
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Resolute
If it were any other woman, hearing Luo Zheng's words, they would probably have some fantasies.
However, Ling Shuang was born in a super family, so her understanding of the Sea of Truth and the Paramita Realm far exceeded that of ordinary people.
She knew that Luo Zheng was just comforting her.
"There are exceptions to other things, but I have never seen an exception to this," Ling Shuang said gloomily.
"Do you know what's in the center of the whirlpool?" Luo Zheng asked.
Although Ling Shuang felt that Luo Zheng's efforts were futile, she still answered, "The water in the center of the whirlpool is even more turbulent. It's said that the center of the whirlpool can swallow everything. If our boat stays here, it will eventually be sucked in …"
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "The problem must be in the center of the whirlpool. I want to explore it."
"Explore the center of the whirlpool?" Ling Shuang was slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't forget, it's not just my soul that entered the Sea of Truth."
Hearing Luo Zheng mention this, Ling Shuang's eyes flashed.
Indeed, no one who stepped into the Sea of Truth with a Sun Soul could successfully escape from the whirlpool. There was no exception.
However, Luo Zheng himself was an exception. After all, Granny had said that for so many years, Luo Zheng was the only one who stepped into the Sea of Truth with his physical body. Perhaps he could really solve this eternal problem?
Reincarnation might be able to solve this problem once and for all. However, who would be willing to give up everything to reincarnate if they were not forced to?
Luo Zheng's decision gave her a glimmer of hope, but she also looked worried. "But no one has walked out of the whirlpool alive …"
After her cousin was sucked into the center of the whirlpool, he retreated from the Sea of Truth. As long as he returned to the whirlpool, he would be sucked into the depths of the sea. His Sun Soul would be swallowed by the water, and he would die.
"I'm not afraid of the Sea of Truth," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng was also shocked when he heard Ling Shuang's serious words.
But when he thought about it carefully, what was truly frightening about the Great Whirlpool was that it could pull the Sun Soul into the sea.
His fleshly body could already swim in the Sea of True Intent, so what was there to be afraid of in this huge whirlpool?
"Is that so …" A glimmer of hope flashed in Ling Shuang's heart.
If Luo Zheng could really rely on his physical body to break the maelstrom, not only would his cousin be saved, but this matter would also have an extraordinary significance to the entire Mother World!
Many people did not choose to reincarnate after being trapped. They were also waiting for a way to break free …
In any case, these people were Perfect True Gods with endless lifespans. They still had a glimmer of hope that they would be able to leave the Great Maelstrom one day.
"Wait for me!" Luo Zheng said.
Then, Luo Zheng's lips moved slightly, and he had already cast the Illusion Breaking Spell. His whole person retreated from the Sea of True Meaning.
When Luo Zheng woke up, he found that the disciples of the school had also left the rooftop of the Sword Viewing Place.
Only Luo Zheng, Qiu Yi, and Yue Baicheng sat on the rooftop. The two of them had just entered the Sea of True Meaning and would probably explore it further.
Luo Zheng jumped down from the rooftop. Qiu Shengshui, Qiu Hanyan, and the others below saw Luo Zheng retreat, and their faces revealed strange expressions.
"Luo Zheng, with the strength of your Sun Soul … it's enough to break through the second and third sections … why did you retreat so quickly?" Qiu Hanyan asked.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and said, "I encountered some troublesome matters."
Qiu Shengshui immediately asked with concern, "Did someone find trouble with you?"
In Qiu Shengshui's impression, there were no natural disasters in the Sea of True Meaning before the third section. It could only be the disciples of the other factions finding trouble with him.
"No, it's just that I faintly understood something and wanted to go into seclusion," Luo Zheng said.
Of course, he would not tell them that he had fallen into the Great Maelstrom.
Ling Shuang had made the Great Maelstrom sound so terrifying. If he told them the truth, they would probably be worried sick.
"Seclusion?" Actually, to a Paragon True God, seclusion could only be used to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao or to break through the Sea of True Meaning. Qiu Shengshui was naturally even more curious, but he still said, "Alright, you can choose a secret room in the Condensing Sword Academy to seclude yourself. I'll bring you there."
Luo Zheng was in a hurry to use his physical body to return to the Sea of True Meaning. He did not beat around the bush. After bidding farewell to the Grand Sword Priest and Qiu Hanyan, he hurriedly returned to the Condensing Sword Academy.
After entering the secret training room in the academy's backyard, Luo Zheng set up a boundary.
He did not know if this boundary could prevent the Nirvana Realm experts from spying on him. In the Dao Sword Academy, Luo Zheng originally did not intend to use his physical body to enter the Sea of True Meaning. Now, he could not care so much.
After that, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. He gently opened his hands, and a crimson flame quietly bloomed on his fingertips.
Luo Zheng did not bring out the red-eyed little girl from the Abyss Demon Region. The red-eyed little girl's ability could only be used in the Divine Region.
Previously, Luo Zheng used the red-eyed little girl's Red Lotus Flame to burn his physical body. Before leaving the Divine Region, Luo Zheng also made some preparations. After experimenting a few times, he realized that it was not necessary for the physical body to enter the Divine Region with a powerful flame. It was sufficient for the flame to burn through the entire body.
"Feng!"
Luo Zheng brewed the Fledgling Fire Divine Path, and the raging flame quickly spread on his physical body. As the golden light on the surface of his physical body rose, the surrounding scenery also changed.
"Huala!"
Very quickly, his physical body fell into the Sea of True Meaning.
His physical body was still in the first line, while the huge whirlpool was in between the first and second lines.
Just as he appeared, he heard a cry of surprise from not far away, "Look, what is that!? There is someone in the Sea of True Meaning! "
Luo Zheng did not care about these people at all. He waved his hands, and his entire body sped up and swam forward.
When he first stepped into the Sea of True Intent, Luo Zheng used his fleshly body to break through a line. Now, this line did not pose any resistance to his fleshly body at all. He crossed it in a moment.
After crossing the line, Luo Zheng walked a little further and saw hundreds of Sea of True Meaning boats lined up in a row in the distance.
As Luo Zheng rapidly approached, the Sea of True Meaning boats once again cried out in surprise.
Most of the people on these Sea of True Meaning boats were in despair. Suddenly seeing Luo Zheng swimming in the sea, they naturally felt it was strange.
Ling Shuang sat on the Sea of True Meaning boat, staring at the rapidly approaching Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng swam to the edge, she suddenly opened her fingers and made a gesture, "Stop!"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng looked at Ling Shuang, who was a few feet away from him, and asked.
"Maybe after you come in, you will never be able to get out again?" Ling Shuang said seriously.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "Then I'll accept it!"
As he spoke, Luo Zheng was like a nimble fish. After cutting open the surface of the sea, he entered from the edge of the huge whirlpool.

Chapter 2671
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A Candle at the Bottom of the Sea
In Ling Shuang's eyes, she had already told Luo Zheng the whole story of the Great Whirlpool.
So far, no one had been able to break the Great Whirlpool, but Luo Zheng still came in regardless of his own safety. She was naturally moved.
Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. Just as they were moving, Luo Zheng also asked 9527.
9527's view was the same as Luo Zheng's. Since he had entered the sea with his physical body, there was nothing to be afraid of. Besides, his Sun Soul had been trapped in the Great Whirlpool, so there was almost no other choice.
And 9527 had its own speculations. It told Luo Zheng that the Great Whirlpool did not appear out of thin air, but was deliberately arranged by someone.
Hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng was even more curious. Who was so powerful that they could control the Sea of Truth? What was their purpose in arranging the Great Whirlpool? Was it to cut off the path to the other side?
9527 obviously knew some of the truth, but it did not tell Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng entered the Great Whirlpool, he swam around Ling Shuang and said, "I'll go explore the center of the Great Whirlpool first."
Ling Shuang sat on the Boat of Truth with mixed feelings. On one hand, she also hoped that Luo Zheng could solve the Great Whirlpool. On the other hand, she was worried about Luo Zheng's safety. In the end, she could only say softly, "You … be careful …"
"Don't worry. If there is any emergency, you can leave the Sea of Truth first," Luo Zheng said.
Ling Shuang nodded.
After the Great Whirlpool appeared, it was not static.
Every once in a while, the waves inside the Great Whirlpool would become more and more turbulent. At that time, all the Boats of Truth in the Great Whirlpool would be unable to resist and would be pulled into the center of the Great Whirlpool at an extremely fast speed. At that time, there was almost no other way except to use the Illusion Breaking Spell to leave the Sea of Truth.
Luo Zheng's figure leaped and drew a line in the water, quickly distancing himself from Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang looked at Luo Zheng's distant figure in the water, and was slightly stunned.
She knew that the chances of breaking the Great Maelstrom were extremely slim, but for some reason, Luo Zheng gave her a strong sense of hope, as if he would definitely succeed.
This strange feeling intertwined with the rationality in her heart, making her feel conflicted.
"Huala …"
Not far away, two True Intent boats approached. These were the True Intent boats of two humans.
After Ling Shuang killed the wolf creature's Yang soul, all the other creatures were stunned, including the humans present.
Those who had cultivated their Yang Soul would more or less grasp some methods of spiritual attacks, but it was impossible for them to explode with power like Ling Shuang's.
The two of them approached cautiously, thinking that since they were of the same race, this woman probably wouldn't kill them in a fit of rage …
They cupped their hands towards Ling Shuang and said, "I am a disciple of Chang Miaoshan. May I know where this young lady is from?"
Ling Shuang looked at the two of them indifferently. "What is it?"
"Is the person swimming in the water your friend, Miss?" the man asked again.
"So what if he is?" Ling Shuang said.
The man thought for a moment and said, "I have never heard of anyone who can swim in the Sea of True Intent. Is he trying to find a way to break the Great Maelstrom?"
"Perhaps …"
Ling Shuang brushed him off with a few words.
These people were trapped here, so naturally, they were also concerned about Luo Zheng's success.
To the outside world, the Great Maelstrom was unbreakable, and those who were sucked into it could only blame themselves for being unlucky. However, since Luo Zheng had already broken one common sense, perhaps he could break a second common sense?
The two of them asked a few more questions, and upon hearing Ling Shuang's increasingly hostile tone, they quickly retreated in fear of her anger.
However, these words brought hope to the hundreds of human disciples.
…
The water in the Great Maelstrom was spiral-shaped, and there was a natural centripetal force.
Under the guidance of the water, Luo Zheng's progress was very smooth.
As he continued to go deeper, the power of the water grew stronger, and his speed became faster and faster.
"Huala, huala …"
After swimming for about half an hour, the water became violent, and waves that were several feet high constantly fluctuated and rolled.
To a Sun Soul that only had one True Intent boat, such huge waves were almost fatal. As long as the seawater splashed onto the Sun Soul, it would instantly dissolve.
"No wonder Ling Shuang said that there is no way out once one is trapped in the Great Maelstrom. Whose Sun Soul would dare to move forward in these waves? Other than leaving the Sea of True Intent, there is indeed no other choice … "Luo Zheng thought to himself.
His physical body was like a fish in water in such an environment.
He did not use a trace of strength.
His entire body was pushed forward by the seawater.
In just a few breaths' time, Luo Zheng finally saw the center of the Great Maelstrom. The True Intent seawater was spiraling at high speed here, forming a huge hole.
Luo Zheng did not have any room to resist at all and was directly sucked into the hole!
"Gululu …"
After a moment of dizziness, Luo Zheng only felt the power of the water like an invisible hand, dragging him down.
His entire body kept sinking, and sinking.
After a while, the sinking momentum finally came to a stop …
Luo Zheng stabilized his body and opened his eyes to look around. His gaze was immediately attracted by a scene not far away.
Not far in front of him, the water was spiraling rapidly like a tornado. The shape of this tornado was like an upside-down pyramid. The top was incomparably wide, and the bottom was as slender as a rope.
"This is … the Great Maelstrom!" Luo Zheng quickly reacted.
He had just been sucked down by this tornado in the water. If it was any other Sun Soul that had been sucked down, it would have been directly dissolved by the seawater.
But after his physical body was sucked down, he was thrown out by this tornado!
Luo Zheng's gaze followed the tornado and looked down. In the crimson red seawater, he could not see very far. He could only vaguely make out that there seemed to be a faint flash in the depths of the sea.
"There is something down there." Luo Zheng's heart stirred slightly.
He bent down and plunged, continuing to dive into the depths of the sea.
The depths of the True Intent Sea were empty. Luo Zheng did not see any other living creatures, so naturally, there was no threat.
It was just that the length of this tornado in the water was beyond his imagination. After diving all the way down for several hundred feet, he still could not see the end of the tornado. And the waterspout not far in front of him was already as thin as a finger!
Such a thin stream of water was actually able to create such a huge whirlpool. One could imagine the power condensed in the tornado.
After diving down for a while, the faint flash at the bottom became brighter and brighter. When Luo Zheng got closer to this white flash and saw clearly what was at the bottom of the waterspout, his pupils suddenly shrank slightly.
"Wax, candle?"

Chapter 2672
Green Bat
Luo Zheng could also condense a flame in the sea.
But the sea water of the Sea of Truth was not ordinary sea water at all. This candle burned with a silver-white light, which was a bit strange.
The end of the waterspout was above the silver flame, which meant that the whirlpool was created by this candle.
Most importantly, this candle was not a natural object.
"These candles suddenly appeared here and created a whirlpool after being lit up. This whirlpool must be man-made," Luo Zheng said, staring at the candle.
"Hehe, they are willing to spend money. This is a good thing," 9527 suddenly said.
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly, and he asked, "Who are they referring to?"
"A bunch of unreal guys. Now is not the time to let you know," 9527 replied.
Luo Zheng moved forward a few feet, quietly approaching the candle, a cautious look on his face.
No matter who placed the candle here, they would probably have some protection. Judging from 9527's tone, the other party was definitely not a small figure.
If he wanted to destroy the candle, he naturally had to be very careful.
"Don't worry, they would never think that someone could enter the Sea of Truth with their physical body," 9527 deduced for Luo Zheng.
"That's true!"
Knowing that a Sun Soul would die if it fell into the Sea of Truth, Luo Zheng would not be too worried about the candle's safety.
After thinking it through, Luo Zheng reached out to grab the candle.
But the moment Luo Zheng touched the candle, a resisting force pushed his hand away.
Surrounding the candle, a faint green light appeared. This faint green light circled around the candle and split into four balls. The surface of the balls constantly protruded and concave, turning into four bats the size of a person!
These bats exuded a strong soul power, as well as some special True Meaning of Tao!
At the moment of the abnormality, Luo Zheng began to retreat quickly. "These bats are also Sun Souls … No, they are much stronger than Sun Souls!"
When he came to this conclusion, he was also a little confused.
This was the depths of the Sea of Truth. Any Sun Soul that fell into the Sea of Truth would be instantly dissolved. Why were these bats not afraid?
Now was obviously not the time to think about these questions. The bats spread their broad wings, flapping them in the sea, and rushed straight at Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
The speed of the green bats was much faster than Luo Zheng, and there was no way to dodge.
In the blink of an eye, a green bat rushed in front of Luo Zheng. The fist-sized bat revealed two sharp fangs on its face, biting down on Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng tilted his head slightly, and the bat bit his shoulder.
"Crack …"
Those fangs were not as powerful as Luo Zheng had imagined. This bite was actually unable to bite through his skin!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. A smile appeared on his face, and with a twist of his hand, he caught the huge bat in his hand.
After the soul had grown to a certain extent, it could split mountains and split rocks. Especially after reaching the Sun Soul state, the soul's touch was similar to ordinary objects. Although these bats were existences that surpassed Sun Souls, their strength could not compare to a real physical body. Especially Luo Zheng Luo Zheng's body, which had been tempered thousands of times!
With a sudden force from his hands, the huge bat was directly torn in two by him!
However, the torn bat quickly turned into two green balls of light. These balls of light floated away from Luo Zheng Luo Zheng and slowly merged into one, once again turning into the huge green bat.
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng did not have the time to care about this situation. The other three bats took turns to surround him.
These green bats clearly did not have any intelligence. Even though they knew that their attacks were ineffective, they still did not have the slightest intention of retreating. They rushed forward one after another, wanting to use their fangs to tear Luo Zheng to shreds.
The result was that they were easily torn in two by Luo Zheng Luo Zheng and turned into green balls.
"These bats can't be killed at all …"
Although Luo Zheng Luo Zheng was not afraid of being bitten by bats, these bats were immortal, which gave Luo Zheng a headache.
"How can they not be killed? Take a closer look at the size of these bats. "9527 Luo Zheng Yang reminded him.
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Yang looked carefully and found that three of the bats had obviously become smaller …
This scene immediately made Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Yang understand that the regeneration of these bats was not without a price. Every time they were regenerated, their soul power would be rapidly consumed!
This made things simple …
Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Yang rushed forward and allowed the bats to attack him one after another. Every time a bat came close, he would tear it in half with his bare hands.
After less than an hour, these bats had shrunk from the height of a person to the size of a fist.
Perhaps because the soul power was not enough, the speed at which they condensed and formed became slower and slower. In the end, the green light could no longer condense and completely dissipated in the sea!
"Didn't you say that this candle has no protection?" Luo Zheng Yang asked.
9527 Luo Zheng Yang smiled faintly and said, "If they were really guarding against you, I'm afraid you would have turned into ashes by now. These Sun Souls should be guarding against those ignorant creatures in the Sea of True Meaning …"
Luo Zheng Yang nodded slightly.
No matter how strong these bats were, they were only souls after all. If Luo Zheng's Sun Soul encountered these green bats, he would have no chance of winning. The souls of the bats were already comparable to the souls of those Nirvana Realm masters.
But no matter how strong the soul was, it could not be a match for Luo Zheng Yang's physical body.
This meant that the person who set up the candle was indeed not targeting Luo Zheng.
After dealing with these bats, Luo Zheng Yang approached the candle again. When he grabbed the candle in his hand, the flame at the top of the candle also fluttered, and the thumb-sized waterspout above the flame also moved along with it!
At the same time, the position of the entire whirlpool also began to move!
Ling Shuang and the others were leaning on the edge of the whirlpool. When the whirlpool moved slightly, Ling Shuang's face froze slightly. "Eh? The whirlpool seems to be … moving? "
The others also noticed it.
"The whirlpool actually moved a few feet!"
"Impossible! Once the whirlpool is formed, it will be fixed forever … "
"I've never heard of the whirlpool moving!"
Seeing this scene, even the True Meaning boats of the foreign races let out strange cries. They were also discussing this phenomenon.
"Could it be Luo Zheng?" Ling Shuang blinked her eyes and thought.
This was just a guess. Although they were looking forward to it, they also knew that it would not be so easy to solve this whirlpool.
Under the water, Luo Zheng Yang held the candle and swam, and the straight waterspout also moved along with him.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng Yang stretched out his finger and pinched the silver flame. The flame was directly extinguished by Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2673
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Rescue
After the thumb-sized waterspout disappeared, the Great Whirlpool also stopped.
The center of the whirlpool, which had been surging crazily, also gradually calmed down …
Ling Shuang and the rest saw that the dividing line of the water flow was quickly smoothing out, merging with the water flow of the outside world and finally disappearing.
"It's gone, gone!"
"The Great Whirlpool really disappeared!"
"Let me try!"
Immediately, someone drove the True Intent boat forward.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, this person actually rushed out without any obstruction!
"Hahaha …"
Amidst a burst of laughter, these people also drove their True Intent boats to follow.
In these people's eyes, falling into the Great Whirlpool was like suffering from a terminal illness, and all future prospects were ruined.
They did not expect the Great Whirlpool to disappear naturally in such a short time. It would be hard for others to believe such a thing.
On the few True Intent boats of the other races, there were all sorts of strange cries.
Perhaps the humans could not understand these cries, but they could feel excitement and joy from them.
On the other hand, Ling Shuang was unusually calm.
She sat on the True Intent boat with a faint smile on her face.
Just now, Ling Shuang was thinking about how to explain to Aunt Ping, but now the crisis had been easily resolved.
No wonder Granny placed so much importance on the matter of the physical body entering the sea. If such an alien entered the Nirvana Realm, it would completely break a lot of the balance, right?
Just as Ling Shuang was thinking, there was a splash of water, and Luo Zheng's entire body had emerged from the bottom of the water.
She leaned on the side of the boat and looked at Luo Zheng. She knew that it was impossible to see Luo Zheng's blurry appearance clearly, but she still stared at him intently.
"It seems very easy?" Ling Shuang asked.
"It is indeed easier than expected." Luo Zheng smiled slightly. With a splash, he pulled his right hand out of the water.
He was holding the candle tightly in his right hand.
"What is that?" Ling Shuang stared at the candle and asked.
After Luo Zheng shook off the True Intent seawater on the candle, he threw it towards Ling Shuang's True Intent boat. With a thud, the candle landed on her boat. Luo Zheng said in a low voice, "The Great Whirlpool was caused by this candle."
Ling Shuang's eyes flashed. She picked up the candle and looked at it carefully.
Who would have thought that the Great Maelstrom that imprisoned so many people was only because of the candle in her hand?
Just as she was observing, the boats of Zhen Yi returned. When the people on the boats saw Luo Zheng, they could probably guess that the disappearance of the Great Whirlpool was because of him.
They surrounded him and thanked him profusely.
Other than thanking him, these people had another purpose in mind.
Just the fact that he could solve the Great Whirlpool and travel in the Sea of True Intent was enough for them to spend a lot of effort to befriend him.
"Benefactor, I am a disciple of Luofu Mountain. How should I address you?"
"Benefactor, I am the chief disciple of Jade Crown Mountain …"
"My name is …"
Seeing these people trying to win her over so enthusiastically, Ling Shuang raised her eyebrows slightly. "We were only trying to save ourselves, and saved you along the way. There is no need for us to have anything else to do with you!"
When these people saw that Ling Shuang wanted to "monopolize" Luo Zheng, they were naturally dissatisfied. Taking advantage of their numbers, one of them said, "Miss, this Sea of True Intent is a long road. The more friends you have, the more opportunities you have. Benefactor saved us from the Sea of True Intent. We must repay such a huge favor …"
"That's right. We are not ungrateful people!"
"Friend, may I know which prefecture you are in? My Luofu Mountain can bring you into the mountain. I guarantee that you …"
Ling Shuang calmed down for two to three breaths. The Soul Oracle Necklace on her chest suddenly emitted a majestic aura. The small sword above her head also spiraled out. At the same time, she berated loudly, "Get out of my way!"
That small sword was like lightning, flying back and forth above her head. It was faintly discernible. As long as she willed it, she could kill several people, or even dozens of people.
These people were also afraid of death. It was not easy for them to escape the Great Whirlpool. If they died in the hands of this woman, it would be an injustice.
They were all angry, but they did not dare to say anything. They muttered, "Crazy woman," "Too much," but still left obediently.
After chasing them away, Ling Shuang heaved a sigh of relief and said, "Alright, you can switch to a Sun Soul now."
In the Sea of True Intent, as long as he did not say anything, it would be difficult for his identity to be exposed. However, Luo Zheng also tried his best not to let others associate his physical body with the Sun Soul. After those people had completely left, Luo Zheng then withdrew from the Sea of True Intent.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's Sea of True Intent boat condensed into a rough shape not far away.
Ling Shuang steered her own Sea of True Intent boat and slowly approached. Then, she threw the candle in her hand back into his Sea of True Intent boat.
With Ling Shuang's experience, although she did not know what this candle was, she knew that it was not an ordinary item. It was even rarer than those Paramita Tokens. However, she did not have the slightest bit of greed in her heart.
Luo Zheng picked up the candle and sized it up. Then, he asked, "Other than being able to stir up the Great Whirlpool, what other uses does this candle have?"
"Stir up the Sea of True Intent? Hehe … you underestimate this candle too much. "9527 smiled faintly.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This is a Soul Candle. It is the key to entering the Black Domain. It is very rare even in the Paramita." 9527 thought for a while and replied, "But after all, I have not set foot in the Paramita for many years. Perhaps they have mastered the method of mass production of Soul Candles …"
"What is the Black Domain?" Luo Zheng asked again.
9527 did not answer. He only said, "You know too little about the Paramita. If you continue to explain like this, there will be no end to it. There are some things that letting you know in advance will not do you much good …"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and focused on steering the Sea of True Intent boat.
The two Sea of True Intent boats sailed one after the other. After two hours, the water in front of them became turbulent again. The Sea of True Intent was filled with shallow waves, pushing their Sea of True Intent boat back.
"The resistance is beginning to increase. It should be the second line," Ling Shuang reminded him.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all.
The Paramita had left Luo Zheng with too many questions. He also wanted to cross the Sea of True Intent as soon as possible.
With the strength of his Sun Soul, crossing the second line should not be a problem. Moreover, he had many Soul Elixirs in his hands.
"Then … okay." Ling Shuang smiled slightly.
In fact, Ling Shuang really wanted to leave the Sea of True Intent now and tell her cousin the good news …
When she and Luo Zheng rushed to the sixth line, she would let Luo Zheng take the candle under the Great Whirlpool and save her cousin.
She wondered what kind of expression her cousin, aunt, and uncle would have when they heard the news.
While she was fantasizing, she suddenly felt the pressure from the Sea of True Intent. Her Sea of True Intent boat was also constantly shaking.
"Xiao Shuang, calm down. What are you thinking?"

Chapter 2674
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Good News
Ling Shuang was slightly surprised, but she kept her thoughts to herself.
At this moment, the True Intent boat tilted to one side due to the turbulence.
When sailing in the Sea of True Intent, the most frightening thing was for the True Intent boat to overturn. If one could not cast the Illusion Breaking Spell in time, one would end up in a situation where one's soul would be scattered.
But just as Ling Shuang's True Intent boat tilted to the side, with a 'dong' sound, the side of her boat collided with the stern of Luo Zheng's boat. As Luo Zheng's True Intent boat swung the stern of his boat away, Ling Shuang's True Intent boat was pushed back to its original position!
"Thank you …" Ling Shuang said apologetically.
"It's going to be the second section soon. Focus," Luo Zheng reminded her.
Ling Shuang smiled slightly and began to focus on steering the True Intent boat …
The second section was slightly more difficult than the first section.
However, Luo Zheng already had the experience of breaking through the first section. In addition, his Sun Soul was much stronger than ordinary Perfect True Gods. Overall, the second section was not too difficult for him.
Ling Shuang's situation was similar to Luo Zheng's. The strength of her Sun Soul was slightly weaker than Luo Zheng's. Of course, that was under the condition that she did not use the Soul Oracle Necklace.
If she fully activated the Soul Oracle Necklace, even Luo Zheng would be far behind …
For a direct disciple of a big clan like Ling Shuang, the first three sections were naturally not a problem.
In order to break through the second section as quickly as possible, Luo Zheng used two Soul Elixirs, while Ling Shuang used five.
After crossing the second section, Luo Zheng was somewhat unsatisfied. If time allowed, Luo Zheng wanted to break through the third section in one go.
However, at this moment, 9527 suddenly reminded him, "Luo Zheng, someone is approaching the secret room …"
Luo Zheng had set up a restriction enchantment in the secret training room to prevent others from checking on him. In addition, 9527 would also help Luo Zheng to check on the surrounding situation. If it was just someone passing by the secret room, 9527 would not remind him.
Luo Zheng's face darkened slightly. He could only tell Ling Shuang that he wanted to leave the Sea of True Intent.
Ling Shuang nodded. Just as she was about to ask Luo Zheng what trouble he encountered, Luo Zheng in front of her, he had already disappeared.
She pursed her lips and shook her head before executing the Illusion Break Incantation, and then she left the Sea of True Intent …
When she opened her eyes, she saw Aunty Ping, sitting in front of her.
Aunty Ping's eyes, she looked, her face, and her face, she was was nervous.
Aunt Ping asked with concern, "Did you meet that kid?"
Ling Shuang nodded and smiled. "Not only did we meet him, but we also met a big problem!"
"What big trouble?"
Was Was Was Was Was Was Was? Was Was Was Was to to to to the to 'to Luo Zheng to Shuang's was was was was?? s Was?
"A huge whirlpool has appeared on one of the lines," Ling Shuang said.
"!" Was Was it or? Was it Someone else? "Aunty Ping was shocked.
Her nephew, Ming Xuan, had unfortunately fallen into the whirlpool a few years ago, and her family was worried sick.
They had used all kinds of unimaginable methods, but they were still unable to save Ming Xuan …
Aunty Ping and her sister were crying all day, sighing and groaning. Ming Xuan was even more depressed, drinking to drown his sorrows. If they couldn't find a way to save him, they could only reincarnate.
But if they weren't forced, who would be willing to take this step?
If Ling Shuang was also trapped in the whirlpool, it would be their family's misfortune!
"No, Xiao Shuang! How could there be a whirlpool between the Sea of True Intent and the Sea of True Intent? "Aunty Ping shook her head. She looked at Xiao Shuang's face and was even more doubtful. Ling Shuang knew the severity of being trapped in the whirlpool, but she still looked relaxed. Aunty Ping said," Xiao Shuang, some jokes can't be made. Tell me the truth, or I will be angry! "
Ling Shuang saw Aunty Ping's expression and knew that she had gone overboard. She curled her lips and said, "I'm not joking. There really was a whirlpool, and we really did fall into it! It's just that Luo Zheng dived into the sea and found a candle … "
Ling Shuang gestured with her hands and said, "The whirlpool then disappeared!"
"Candle?" Aunty Ping tilted her head and thought for a while.
Seeing Ling Shuang's clear and logical explanation, Aunty Ping's doubts faded a little.
Although Ling Shuang was stubborn, she wasn't a child who liked to talk nonsense. She didn't look like she was joking.
Aunty Ping said seriously, "Tell me what you saw!"
After Ling Shuang finished, Aunty Ping took a deep breath and asked seriously, "If Xiao Shuang asked him, would he be willing to help you save Ming Xuan?"
Ling Shuang thought for a moment and nodded. "It shouldn't be too big of a problem."
Aunty Ping smiled and grabbed Ling Shuang. "Let's go! We'll go to your Aunty Lan's house! I'm going to tell him this good news! "
Ling Shuang wasn't ready when she felt the world spinning. Aunty Ping pulled her and flew high into the air, drawing a graceful arc in the air and spreading to the other side of the mountain.
On the other side of the mountain, there was a majestic and mighty green-grey palace.
The gate of this palace was aligned with the Greater Yi Heavenly Palace on the opposite side. Countless disciples of the Greater Yi Heavenly Palace would always ask who lived in the palace opposite the mountain. How could it be on the same level as the famous Greater Yi Heavenly Palace?
Most of the disciples couldn't get the real answer. After a few people got the answer, they kept quiet, their faces full of nervousness.
They knew that the family opposite the Heavenly Palace was naturally qualified to be on the same level as the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
After entering the palace, Aunty Ping pulled Ling Shuang straight to the back of the palace. In a small pavilion in the back of the palace, there sat a woman in a white palace dress.
This woman's appearance was more beautiful than Aunty Ping, but her forehead was wrinkled, as if there was a lingering worry in her heart.
"Sou!"
A light flew straight to the back of the courtyard and landed outside the pavilion.
"Sister Lan," Aunty Ping called out.
"Aunty Lan," Ling Shuang also called out.
Aunty Lan looked back at the two and said indifferently, "It's Sister Ping and Xiao Shuang. What's the matter?"
Ever since her only son, Mingxuan, had met with an accident, she had looked down on everything. Especially when she saw Mingxuan dispirited and listless all day. As a mother, she felt like a knife was being twisted in her heart. If she let Mingxuan reincarnate, she still couldn't bear it.
Aunty Ping entered the pavilion and said softly, "Sister Lan, are you still worried about Mingxuan?"
"Sigh, so what if I am, your brother-in-law still can't find a way to save him." Aunty Lan shook her head and sighed.
"Xiao Shuang also fell into the maelstrom," Aunty Ping said.
Aunty Lan's body stiffened slightly, her gaze fixed on Xiao Shuang.

Chapter 2675
Cataclysm
Aunt Lan's stiff body suddenly trembled. She stared at Ling Shuang and said, "Xiao Shuang, do you know how Aunt Lan has been these few years? Some things can't be joked about. "
Ling Shuang knew that if one didn't experience it personally, it would be hard for others to believe.
She said, "Aunt Lan hasn't been out much these few years. I'm afraid you don't know that Xiao Shuang met someone who can enter the Sea of True Intent physically."
"Enter the Sea of True Intent physically?" Aunt Lan's brows furrowed.
Aunt Ping explained, "A year ago, when Xiao Shuang first entered the Sea of True Intent, she met this person. It's said that this person is called 'Luo Zheng' and can travel freely in the Sea of True Intent."
"If one can enter the Sea of True Intent physically, wouldn't they not be afraid of the whirlpool?" Aunt Lan asked.
These few days, she had been investigating the origin of the whirlpool through various channels. Although she didn't know how the whirlpool was formed, she knew a lot about the whirlpool.
She remembered that her husband once said that the difficulty of the whirlpool was that the sun soul couldn't touch the water of the Sea of True Intent. If there was a sun soul that wasn't afraid of the Sea of True Intent, then the whirlpool could be broken.
But such a person had disappeared since ancient times. Where could one find him?
So when Aunt Lan heard Ling Shuang's words, the hope in her heart grew!
Ling Shuang nodded, "When I was sucked into the whirlpool, I was also in despair about Brother Ming Xuan's situation …"
In order to make Aunt Lan believe her, Ling Shuang could only repeat her encounter again.
Aunt Ping nodded and said, "Sister Lan, Xiao Shuang isn't a child who speaks nonsense. Besides, she doesn't need to make you happy for nothing."
Until Ling Shuang finished speaking, Aunt Lan was still in a daze. Her face was filled with joy. She pondered for a long time and clapped her hands lightly.
A ghostly figure silently appeared outside the gazebo, "Madam, what's the matter?"
"Bring Ming Xuan here," Aunt Lan said lightly.
"But Young Master Ming Xuan, he …" This person was hesitant. Young Master Ming Xuan's temper had been explosive all these years. If he wasn't drunk, he would be crazy. Everyone in the residence was afraid of interacting with him.
"No matter what he is doing now, bring him here!" Aunt Lan revealed a smile.
…
…
Luo Zheng had just retreated from the Sea of True Meaning when there was an urgent knock on the door.
"Luo Zheng!" Lai Huabei's voice came from outside.
Luo Zheng removed the restriction enchantment and opened the door of the secret cultivation room. He saw Lai Huabei's nervous expression.
"What is it? Why are you so nervous? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Something bad has happened! Those Arabian Demonic Flowers from the Tiandu Province are attacking Seven Star City! "Lai Huabei said.
Lai Huabei was a native of the Tiandu Province. Although the Arabian Demonic Flowers had occupied the Tiandu Province, they had been colluding with the Sand Nation for many years. Although many of them had been lost in the desert, they had never attacked the major cities of the Tiandu Province and had lived in peace.
Now that the Arabian Demonic Flower had recklessly attacked the Seven Star Province, Heaven's Wall City was probably doomed.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "The Arabian demonic flower is attacking Seven Star City?"
The Seven Star Province was guarded by the Dao Sword Palace and the towering sword. Many Great Monsters did not dare to invade.
When Qiu Hanyan had brought Luo Zheng through the Sand Kingdom, the Arabian Demonic Flower King had not even dared to attack them. Now, it dared to attack Seven Star City?
Luo Zheng was flabbergasted by this news.
"Right! They're already at the base of the mountain! The Dao Sword Palace has summoned all the disciples! Let's go! "Lai Huabei said.
Luo Zheng had wanted to ask for more details, but at this moment, he felt a fierce tremor beneath his feet.
"Let's go!"
Upon sensing this tremor, Luo Zheng understood the severity of the situation.
The two of them left the secret cultivation room and took to the air, flying toward the very top of Seven Star City.
As Luo Zheng flew, he turned his head to look down, and his pupils constricted.
The Seven Star Mountain was truly a massive mountain. It was more than one million zhang tall, and there were tens of millions of buildings and houses built along the mountain. At the base of the Seven Star Mountain, six massive vines had broken through the ground and were crawling up the mountain!
The tremor Luo Zheng had felt just now had been caused by these vines.
"Rumble …"
Wherever the six giant vines passed, all the buildings were reduced to rubble. It was unknown how many True Gods were buried under the rubble.
Countless Arabian Demonic Flowers were attached to these massive vines. These Arabian Demonic Flowers were peeling off the vines and charging into Seven Star City to devour the God citizens …
Those upper True Gods who could fly were still fine, but the other True Gods and God citizens were incapable of escaping. They could only scream and become food for the Arabian Demonic Flowers!
From Luo Zheng's perspective, the Arabian Demonic Flowers that had been peeled off from the massive vines were like a green tide that rapidly engulfed Seven Star City. In the blink of an eye, tens of millions of God citizens had become food for these Arabian Demonic Flowers.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng even paused in the air, his face full of shock.
"Brother Luo Zheng! Don't just stand there! If you don't leave now, it'll be too late! "Lai Huabei urged.
After receiving the news, the disciples of the Education Palace began to withdraw. Lai Huabei had mustered up the courage to inform Luo Zheng.
In Luo Zheng's impression, the human race was always the absolute ruler. Whether it was Yao or Vicious Beasts, there were only two endings. Either they were dominated by the human race or they were slaughtered by the human race.
In his time in Huanyu, Luo Zheng had seen countless humans being slaughtered by the ancient Shamans. But the reason for this was that the ancient Shamans were a race created by Mu Haiji, and that was also a civil war between humans.
Now that he saw these Yao plants devouring the lives of humans, he naturally found it hard to accept.
"Rumble …"
After one side of the Seven Star Mountain was entangled by one of the giant vines, it abruptly tightened its grip, causing half of the mountain to collapse. The houses that were attached to the mountain also collapsed, and it was unknown how many divine citizens were buried.
At this moment, the lives of both True Gods and God citizens were like grass.
"Isn't the Dao Sword Palace completely unafraid of those Arabian Demonic Flower Kings? Why didn't anyone from the Dao Sword Palace try to stop them? "Luo Zheng asked.
"How should I know? Right now, running for our lives is more important!" Lai Huabei said in a sobbing voice. He was just a disciple of the Education Palace, so how could he know what the Dao Sword Palace was planning?
Those massive vines were climbing with incredible speed, and in the blink of an eye, they were halfway up the mountain. They were so close that they could clearly see the Arabian Demonic Flowers that had taken root in the vines!
Wuuwaa, wuuwaa …
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard a loud sobbing.
He looked in the direction of the cries and saw a baby sitting on the ground, bawling loudly on the street below. The surrounding God's people were too busy fending for themselves, and the tide of people running for their lives stepped over the baby's head.
"Brother Huabei! You go first! "

Chapter 2676
A Spy
Luo Zheng's figure drew a parabola and landed in the middle of the crowd, shielding the infant.
Under the surging tide of people, they kept crashing into each other, but Luo Zheng remained unmoving like a boulder.
"Whoosh …"
At this moment, the street below suddenly 'caved in', and the giant vines rushed along the street. Hundreds and thousands of God citizens were crushed by the giant vines and turned into a bloody mist.
Blood flowed like a river into the ditches on both sides of the street.
Even more God citizens could not escape in time and were devoured by the Arab-Eating Demonic Flowers that broke free from the vines!
Luo Zheng's eyes twitched a few times, and for the first time, he felt a sense of powerlessness. He hugged the crying infant in his arms.
Just as the giant vine rushed over, a spatial fluctuation flashed in front of Luo Zheng. He had already used greater teleportation and disappeared from the spot.
In the next moment, Luo Zheng appeared above Seven Star City with the infant in his arms.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw that dozens of people in green had suddenly appeared above Seven Star City!
These people in green all had extraordinary auras and were all Nirvana Realm experts. Their leaders were Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui!
As soon as they appeared, they turned into streaks of green light and split up to attack the six giant vines.
"These are the Tianluo Guards …"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. He did not know why these Tianluo Guards had delayed until now. More than half of Seven Star City had already been destroyed.
Luo Zheng then rushed to the top of the mountain and quickly found Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, and the rest. Most of the academy disciples were gathered on the platform opposite the towering sword.
After Luo Zheng landed on the platform with the baby in his arms, he immediately asked, "What happened? Why did the Arab-Eating Demonic Flowers of Tiandu State attack here? "
Qiu Siyuan and the others turned ghastly pale as well. Under the protection of the towering sword, very few demons dared to enter the Seven Star Province. At most, these demons only dared to cause trouble at the borders of the province.
This was also the first time they had seen such a cruel scene. Although some of the academy disciples were at the consummate level of cultivation, they were so nervous that they were trembling.
"Someone seemed to have tampered with the towering sword! Not only was it unable to sense the invasion of these demonic plants, it … it can't be activated! "Qiu Siyuan stammered.
The academy disciples did not know much. They only knew that the Qiu Clan and Yue Baihao clan were in big trouble this time!
Luo Zheng's eyes focused on the towering sword. The Grand Sword Master was floating in the air, a giant sword Qi under his feet as if he was trying to activate the sword, but after many failed attempts, there was no reaction. He was sweating profusely!
"Who would help these monsters?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Those demons have endless tricks up their sleeves. Who knows …" Qiu Siyuan said with a sullen face.
The Arab-Eating Demonic Flower had always been a major threat to the Central Plains, and the Dao Sword Palace had sent people several times to eliminate it. But the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower was too cunning. Whenever the Dao Sword Palace moved out, it would withdraw deep into the ground.
The Dao Sword Palace had attacked several times but failed to destroy it. Moreover, the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower did not overstep its boundaries, so the Dao Sword Palace had relaxed. To their surprise, the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower King had been hiding for so many years and had once more advanced in cultivation, allowing it to attack Seven Star City.
Even more surprising was that someone had tampered with the towering sword while the Arab-Eating Demonic Flower was attacking. It was clear that this operation had been planned for a long time!
At this moment, they heard a roar from above. "Grand Sword Master! Don't count on the towering sword! Let's work together to kill this demonic flower king! Although the demonic flower king's cultivation has advanced, we still have a chance if we work together with the three Grand Elders! "
As soon as that voice fell, another four people flew over from afar. The person in the lead who spoke was a young man. This green-clothed man looked to be around forty years old. He had a striking square face, and he was imposing without being angry. He emitted a tyrannical aura.
Behind the man stood three old men.
Luo Zheng examined the middle-aged man, his heart thumping. "These people are very strong."
There were still quite a number of Nirvana Realm experts in the Dao Sword Palace. However, until now, Qiu Hanyan and the Great Sword Master were the two most powerful ones he had seen. Even Qiu Shengshui, who was known as a five-star Tianluo Guard, was actually weaker than Chi Yi.
The azure-clothed man and the other three elders had auras that were about the same as Pang Miao's.
"Father!"
Qiu Siyuan called out to the middle-aged man in the sky. This azure-clothed man was the current Palace Master of the Dao Sword Palace, Qiu Junshan, and also Qiu Siyuan's father.
Qiu Junshan glanced at Qiu Siyuan. At this critical juncture, he did not pay attention to his son.
The Grand Sword Master seemed to have not heard the words of the Dao Sword Palace Palace Master. He flicked his hands, sending out small swords of light that burrowed into the body of the towering sword.
A few moments later, a ray of light slowly rose from the bottom of the towering sword. Lines of light began to surge up along the edge of the sword, and the towering sword seemed to be awakening.
"There's no need! Once I repair the towering sword, I'll be able to cut these damned plants into pieces, "the Grand Sword Master said, a look of joy on his face.
Qiu Junshan slightly frowned at these words.
He gently floated behind the Grand Sword Master and asked in concern, "Grand Sword Master, you're quite capable. You've repaired it so quickly!"
The Grand Sword Master nodded and said seriously, "Someone must have secretly placed some Silk Worms in the towering sword. Those Silk Worms destroyed a few of the formations on the sword. I've already repaired the formations, but the towering sword of our Dao Sword Palace is so heavily guarded. The person who placed the Silk Worms is probably someone from the palace. There's probably a mole in our Dao Sword Palace …"
"A mole?" Qiu Junshan smiled and his voice became a little strange.
The Grand Sword Master sensed Qiu Junshan's strange emotions. The moment he turned his head and saw Qiu Junshan's eyes, his expression changed drastically, "Palace Master, you …"
Before the Grand Sword Master could react, a blood-red sword had already pierced through his chest.
Blood-red evil fire surged out from the wound and instantly engulfed the Grand Sword Master. In the blink of an eye, the Grand Sword Master's body was completely burned away by the evil fire.
"Qiu Junshan?"
"Palace Master, what are you doing!?"
The two old men in the sky also changed their expressions. They did not expect Qiu Junshan to kill the Grand Sword Master!
"Hahaha! Brother Xie Shan, do it! "After killing the Grand Sword Master, Qiu Junshan no longer had any worries.

Chapter 2678
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Last Resort
The spacious white airship rose into the air and shot towards the north.
Qiu Yinhe had chosen the Seven Star State to send down the gigantic sword in order to open up a path from south to north. Naturally, Qiu Shengshui would choose to go north.
Some of the disciples on the flying boat began to cry.
Although they knew that the Dao Sword Palace was not a powerful force among the humans, the Seven Star City was their home.
Seeing their home destroyed, not only were they unable to help, but they were also forced to flee. Naturally, they were extremely sad.
Qiu Siyuan sat in a daze. His eyes were glazed over. No one knew what he was thinking.
Whoosh!
All of a sudden, a figure rushed over and grabbed Qiu Siyuan's neck, pressing him against the side of the flying boat.
That person was Qiu Yi. Qiu Yi said with a ferocious expression, "It's all your father's fault! Your father is the instigator. He's the one who harmed all of us! "
"That's right!"
"Qiu Junshan is unpardonable!"
"Let's kill his son!"
The disciples of the Yue Bai and Qiu Family had nowhere to vent their grief and anger. They immediately targeted Qiu Siyuan.
It seemed like they really planned to kill Qiu Siyuan.
Bang!
At that moment, an invisible fist mark appeared on Qiu Yi's chest.
Qiu Yi could not withstand the force of the punch. He was sent flying several feet away and crashed into the other side of the airship.
Luo Zheng held the baby in one hand and clenched his fist with the other. He said calmly, "I don't know what grudges the Dao Sword Palace has, but you can't blame Qiu Siyuan for this. He's also a victim."
Qiu Siyuan collapsed on the ground. He muttered to Luo Zheng, "If killing me can save the Dao Sword Palace … I'm willing …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt an inexplicable sense of sadness.
Yesterday, the Dao Sword Palace was still prosperous. Today, it was ruined and had to flee.
The human race was really going to be small …
Qiu Shengshui and Qiu Hanyan stood at the front of the airship. They shook their heads when they saw this.
Their feelings for the Dao Sword Palace were much deeper than these young people. Naturally, they felt more sad.
Apart from these people, Lai Huabei and the others were also quite depressed.
As a citizen of Heaven's Wall City, he had finally stepped into the Dao Sword Palace of his dreams. How long had it been? They had only participated in the "sword observation" once, and the Dao Sword Palace had already been destroyed!
Especially Lai Huabei … Although he remembered Luo Zheng's words, telling him to give up the reward of discovering the cenotaph, he still had some concerns in his heart.
After all, his talent was ordinary. If he could use these resources on himself, he might be able to achieve something.
Just as everyone was feeling sorrowful, the flying boat suddenly trembled.
Boom!
Something hit the bottom of the flying boat, and the flying boat, which was moving at high speed, suddenly broke apart from the middle!
"Everyone … be careful!"
Qiu Han Yan's face darkened and she leapt up.
Fortunately, all the disciples present could fly. They quickly stabilized themselves after being sent flying and hovered in the air.
Luo Zheng held the baby in his arms and saw six or seven figures appear not far away.
The person in the lead was Qiu Junshan, and behind Qiu Junshan were the members of the Black Raging Tribe. These people were all Nirvana Realm experts …
"Tsk tsk, the person I want to kill the most in this Dao Sword Palace is you, Qiu Hanyan. How can I let you escape?" Qiu Junshan laughed coldly.
Qiu Shengshui questioned coldly, "How is Elder Xi?"
"Probably dying?" Qiu Junshan waved his hand and said.
Qiu Hanyan's state of mind also fell to the bottom of the valley. At this moment, Qiu Siyuan, who was not far away, cried out loudly, "Father! You should stop before going too far! What good will it do you to destroy the Dao Sword Palace? "
Hearing his son's call, Qiu Junshan's face did not change at all.
Qiu Hanyan's eyelids drooped, and she opened her five fingers. Wisps of light green light turned into the tip of a sword. At the same time, she said, "All the disciples of the academy, scatter …"
As the leader of the "Great Academy," she could not protect this group of academy disciples. She could only fight with her life on the line.
The academy disciples also knew that there was no hope. They listened to Qiu Hanyan's words and quickly descended, fleeing in all directions.
"Other than my son, kill everyone else," Qiu Junshan ordered.
After the members of the Black Raging Army heard the order, they flashed down and chased after the academy disciples.
"You're … courting death …"
Qiu Hanyan pointed her finger at one of the members of the Black Raging Army.
The gentle tip of the sword moved slightly, and it had already crossed a distance of a few hundred feet, piercing towards one of the members of the Black Raging Army.
This member of the Black Raging Army was only at the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. He could not dodge in time, and his head was directly pierced through. He became a corpse and fell from the sky.
However, the other members of the Black Raging Army had already rushed down and killed the academy disciples.
Qiu Hanyan wanted to kill these members of the Black Raging Army one by one, but Qiu Junshan stood in front of her. He laughed and said, "Don't get the wrong person. Your opponent is me!"
Although these academy disciples were the most outstanding disciples of the Dao Sword Palace, how could they escape the pursuit of a Nirvana Realm master?
The members of the Black Raging Army turned into streaks of black light. Every time they swept past a academy disciple, the academy disciple would turn into a rain of blood and scatter in the sky.
In the blink of an eye, dozens of academy disciples had been killed …
"Follow me!" Luo Zheng called out.
Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baihao, Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and dozens of others followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
They also knew of Luo Zheng's strength. Among these people, only Luo Zheng was qualified to fight against a Nirvana Realm master!
"Hahaha …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a slight fluctuation in the space above him.
He raised his eyebrows and threw the baby in his hand to Lai Huabei who was not far away. "Catch!"
Then, a long sword appeared in his hand.
A slender arm suddenly stretched out from the fluctuation in the space and grabbed towards Yue Baicheng's head.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng suddenly pointed his foot in the air. His body that was originally rapidly falling stopped abruptly. At the same time, the energy of Dao-Fusion burst out.
"Sword of Dao-Fusion!"
"Swoosh!"
A sharp sword-light shot out.
"Crack!"
This sword ray seemed to be able to split heaven and earth and cut off the slender arm.
"Roar …" The Black Raging Army member wailed as he came out from the space. He did not expect these academy disciples to be able to hurt him and even cut off one of his arms. He roared, "Human brat, you're courting death …"
Luo Zheng did not stop at all after thrusting out his sword. His body flashed as he continuously teleported and drilled into the forest below.
This was not the Divine Realm. With his current strength, it was too difficult for him to fight against a Nirvana Realm master.
However, he still had another thing to rely on, which was the Imperial Sword Seal that Qiu Yinhe passed on to him.
If it was like what Qiu Yinhe said, the power of the Imperial Sword Seal was determined by the grade of the sword in the hand, then how powerful would the Imperial Sword Seal be if it was activated by the Tengshe Sword?

Chapter 2679
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Incite
The Seven Stars State was vast. Other than the dozen or so cities developed by the Dao Sword Palace, the rest of the land was covered in forests.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng crashed into a thick thousand-year-old tree and broke it.
After reducing most of the falling force, Luo Zheng stood firmly on a thick layer of leaves.
Countless fallen leaves piled up on the ground, emitting a rotten smell. The faint sound of small animals running away could be heard from the forest.
"Cha!"
"Pa!"
At the same time, some other disciples also fell into this area.
They probably had the same idea as Luo Zheng. They wanted to quickly hide and avoid this disaster.
However, just as these disciples stood still, a loud "boom" came from not far away!
A surging shock wave spread out in all directions. Whether it was the towering trees or the short shrubs, they were all destroyed by the shock wave. The area within a radius of ten miles was completely barren.
A few hundred meters away from Luo Zheng, a black Black Raging Tribe member stood.
One of this Black Raging Tribe member's arms was cut off by Luo Zheng. He was in a state of rage. His other hand was hanging on the ground. He walked like a gorilla and slowly crawled toward Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said in a half-baked tone, "As expected of the Dao Sword Palace. You can hurt me without entering the Nirvana Realm. How shocking!"
Lai Huabei, Yue Baicheng, and the others stood not far away and transmitted their Quintessential Sound Transmissions to Luo Zheng at the same time.
"Luo Zheng! Run! "
"He wants to kill you!"
Hearing their reminder, Luo Zheng showed a bitter smile on his face.
How could he not know what this Black Raging Tribe member was planning?
It was not the first time Luo Zheng faced the pursuit of a Nirvana Realm expert. However, this was probably the most stressful time.
As the Black Raging Tribe member approached, a True Meaning of Dao slowly spread out. The shadow of a shield slowly appeared on the surface of his body.
"This Black Raging Tribe member's Nirvana Realm token is a shield …" After seeing the shadow of the shield, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
Just when the Black Raging Army Tribesmen were two thousand feet away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly used greater teleportation!
Just as the spatial fluctuations were about to condense, the speed of the Black Raging Army member suddenly increased. With his ability, he could kill Luo Zheng before Luo Zheng could complete his Greater Teleportation!
However, Luo Zheng's actions were clearly out of their expectations. He had no intention of using Greater Teleportation to escape.
The moment the spatial fluctuation was formed, Luo Zheng unexpectedly retreated like a ghost!
The Black Rong Tribe member rushed over and scratched a big hole in the ground, but in the end, he missed …
"What a cunning brat …"
The Hei Rong tribesmen failed to hit Luo Zheng, so they followed after Luo Zheng.
"Sou!"
Not far away, Yue Baicheng, Lai Huabei, and the others were extremely worried when they saw this scene.
"This monster is too fast!"
"After all, it's a Nirvana Realm master … Luo Zheng probably won't be able to escape!"
With one in front and one behind, the distance between Luo Zheng and the Black Raging Army member quickly shortened.
In just three breaths, the Black Raging Army member was only three feet away from Luo Zheng …
"So fast!"
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
After all, the Nirvana Realm was a place where one could be reborn. It was still too difficult for him to face a Nirvana Realm master now.
"Whoosh!"
With the sound of the wind, Luo Zheng did not have time to turn around. However, his divine sense was constantly observing the surrounding movements. As if he had grown eyes behind his back, Luo Zheng gently twisted his shoulder and dodged to the side.
Just as Luo Zheng dodged, the Black Raging Army member's long hand was as agile as a snake, curling toward Luo Zheng's waist.
"This hand …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng made a common mistake.
Although the Black Raging Army member had hands and feet and looked like a huge human, in fact, they were a completely different race from the human race. There were no joints in their arms and they could twist at will. Naturally, they could attack from unexpected directions.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng fully activated the True Meaning of Nature. He was like a slippery mouse, trying to squeeze out of the Black Raging Army member's hand.
"Whoosh!"
The Black Raging Army member also did not expect Luo Zheng to use this move. He originally thought that since Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace, he must have majored in the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Luck. After all, the Black Raging Army and the Dao Sword Palace had fought more than once.
Luo Zheng twisted his body a few times and actually slipped out of the Black Raging Army member's hand.
Without any hesitation, he raised his sword and activated the Dao Fusion energy …
"Boom!"
At such a close distance, Luo Zheng's Dao Fusion sword directly blasted the Black Raging Army member's body.
However, when the sword blasted out, the Black Raging Army member's shield shadow suddenly appeared!
Even though the power of the Dao Fusion sword was impressive, the Black Raging Army member relied on the shield shadow to forcefully withstand it.
The sword in Luo Zheng's hand shattered. However, under the explosion of the Dao Fusion energy, it created a huge impact that pushed the Black Raging Army member several hundred feet away. Luo Zheng used this impact to rush forward once again, increasing the distance between the two.
Seeing Luo Zheng escape danger, Lai Huabei's face lit up with joy. "Good job, Luo Zheng!"
Yue Baicheng still had a face full of worry as he said, "At this distance … we can't shake him off …"
Indeed, it was as Yue Baicheng said. After the Black Raging Army member was blasted away by Luo Zheng, he became even more furious. He let out an angry roar and once again chased after Luo Zheng. His speed was twice as fast as before!
This time, the Black Raging Army member was clearly serious.
In the blink of an eye, the two had already rushed into the forest …
Luo Zheng used the Dao Technique's True Meaning of Nature to move like a swallow, weaving in and out of the dense forest.
The Black Raging Army member was like a giant spirit god, rampaging through the forest. Towering trees constantly collapsed, leaving behind a mess wherever he went.
After going more than three thousand feet, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped.
The Black Raging Army member didn't know what Luo Zheng was doing, but he also stopped not too far away. At the same time, the Black Raging Army member sneered, "Are you planning to give up?"
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. His fingers trembled slightly, and a long sword appeared in his hand.
When the Black Raging Army member saw the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand, his cracked eyes flashed.
Although there weren't many of them who used swords, the Tengshe's sword was too sharp. Even though he didn't know anything about swords, he knew that the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand was not simple. It was most likely a peerless divine weapon.
"Not a bad sword, hehehe … If I bring this back to the clan, I can get a lot of rewards," the Black Raging Army member said excitedly.
Seeing that the Black Raging Army member was about to attack, Luo Zheng had already silently chanted the Imperial Sword Seal's incantation. The Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate in his body continuously gathered in the Imperial Sword Seal.
Following a burning sensation from Luo Zheng's chest, a dark golden light hit Tengshe's sword.
"Weng …"

Chapter 2680
Hidden Expert
The Sword of Tengshe in Luo Zheng's hand seemed to have lost control.
It trembled continuously as if it wanted to fly away!
Luo Zheng used his strength and his right hand was like an iron clamp, firmly holding the Sword of Tengshe in his hand.
"Buzz buzz …"
As it trembled continuously, dark golden threads rushed out!
At the same time, a small snake shadow appeared on the Sword of Tengshe. The snake's eyes only opened and quietly glanced at it before disappearing …
However, when the snake shadow disappeared, the front of the dark golden threads actually gave birth to small snake heads!
All the dark golden threads came to life at this moment, turning into thin and long snakes!
"What is this …"
The Black Raging Army member was slightly stunned. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he took out his Paramita token.
Although the aura of Luo Zheng's sword was strange and powerful, in the eyes of the Black Raging Army member, Luo Zheng was still a weak Perfect True God. So what if he was powerful? How could he break his "Invisible Shield"?
The shadow of the shield almost covered its entire body.
Thousands of thin and long snakes rushed over at a fast speed, and along the way, there was a series of "sha sha" sounds.
Whether it was a thousand-year-old ancient tree or a rock, under the slender snake's sweep, they were all neatly cut. The cut was as smooth as a mirror.
Just as the Black Raging Army member was still feeling lucky, he suddenly felt a slight chill on his body.
In its field of vision, the shield was already covered with broken lines, and these lines quickly spread to its body.
All the slender snakes had already left him, and as pitch-black blood flowed out from the patterns on his body, his consciousness gradually became blurry, and his entire body collapsed to the ground …
"Sha sha sha sha sha …"
These slender snakes did not stop, and almost everything that could be cut along the way was cut into countless pieces. Finally, they rushed out of the open space that the Black Raging Army member had smashed out!
Each slender snake was like a god of death, and when hundreds and thousands of small snakes gathered, they formed a torrent of death!
"What, what is this!"
"Don't go over!"
When Yue Baicheng and the other academy disciples saw these slender snakes, their faces were filled with fear.
They almost didn't dare to move. They could only watch as the slender snakes swept across the open space and rushed into the forest on the other side, spreading and cutting all the way.
If one were to look from a bird's eye view, it would seem as if an invisible giant was using a pair of invisible scissors to cut a slender and flat path through the forest. Everything along the path was turned into fist-sized fragments …
"In the forest … there's a top-notch expert hiding? Will you side with the Dao Sword Palace or the Dark Raging Tribe? " Yue Baicheng quickly came to a conclusion based on his own logic. If he stood on the side of the Dao Sword Palace, then Luo Zheng could still be saved. If he stood on the side of the Black Rong Tribe, then Luo Zheng's fate could be imagined.
…
In the jungle, Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
When Qiu Yinhe said that he would give him a great opportunity, Luo Zheng was disdainful.
After all, using the Azure Edge Sword to activate the power of the Imperial Sword Seal was only so-so. Others might treat it as a treasure, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was not as good as the Dao Fusion Sword.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood Qiu Yinhe's meaning.
The higher the grade of the sword in his hand, the more powerful it would be …
Luo Zheng slowly walked forward and observed the corpse of the Dark Raging Tribe member.
The cut parts of his body were as smooth as a mirror. This meant that in front of the sword silks, the body of the Dark Raging Tribe member was no different from the surrounding trees and rocks.
Not only that!
The body of the Dark Raging Tribe member was much stronger than that of the human race, but it still couldn't be compared to Luo Zheng's.
However, the shield formed by his Paramita Token was also unable to withstand a single blow from the sword silks. It was also cut apart, and it was no different from the surrounding trees.
This meant that the sharpness of the sword silks was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. At least in front of such an opponent, it was impossible to show how sharp the sword silks were!
"It's a pity that I can't show this sword to outsiders. I can only use it when I need to save my life …"
Luo Zheng muttered a few words. With a gentle wave of his hand, he put the cut up body of the Dark Raging Tribe member into his Sumeru Ring. After all, this fellow was a Paramita Realm powerhouse. He could search for any treasures on him later.
After a while, Luo Zheng's figure appeared at the edge of the forest.
When he saw that Yue Baicheng and the rest were still standing there, a strange expression appeared on his face. "You guys still haven't escaped?"
These disciples of the academy lacked battle experience after all. With the destruction of the Dao Sword Palace, their only hope was the Autumn Academy. They didn't expect the Autumn Academy to be entangled with the Qiu Junshan. They were now out of their wits and didn't know where to go.
If it was Luo Zheng, he would have escaped long ago …
Yue Baicheng and the other academy disciples were even more surprised when they saw Luo Zheng appear.
"Luo Zheng, you're still alive!"
"Who was the expert that attacked just now? Did he kill the Dark Raging Tribe member? "
"…"
Before Luo Zheng left the forest, he was still thinking about how to explain these sword threads. He didn't expect these academy disciples to guess that it was some expert that attacked.
This was good too …
After all, with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, it was illogical for him to release such a powerful divine ability.
He pretended not to explain and said, "I only saw a white figure just now. I didn't see anything else. That Dark Raging Tribe member was cut into pieces …"
"So powerful!"
"Such a powerhouse can probably fight with the Qiu Junshan!"
"I wonder if he'll attack the Qiu Junshan!"
Some inexplicable hope ignited in the hearts of these academy disciples. They hoped that a peerless powerhouse would appear out of nowhere and wipe out these evil sects and demons, saving the Dao Sword Palace from disaster.
However, Luo Zheng knew that this was just their wishful thinking.
Boom!
At this moment, a muffled sound came from the sky.
A huge sword shadow cut across the sky. Then, two figures fell from the sky and landed right in front of these academy disciples.
These two people were Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui.
At this moment, Qiu Shengshui's body was covered in wounds. Both of his legs had been cut off and blood was gushing out.
Qiu Hanyan's clothes were in tatters. Her pale and colorless skin was covered with sword wounds.
Seeing this, the students of the academy all rushed up to him …
After the two of them fell, a spatial fluctuation flashed in mid-air. Qiu Junshan's figure stood in mid-air. He held a long sword in his hand and said calmly, "There's no point in struggling. You've finally found your father's cenotaph after so many years. Now, it's time for you to go to that world to accompany your father. Hahaha …"

Chapter 2681
Request for Help
This Hermit Divine Ability had a history.
Sixty years ago, Qiu Hanyan had done a great service by escorting an important person to Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
At that time, she was rewarded by another Great Yi Heavenly Palace's Tian Jiedushi and the reward was this Hermit Divine Ability.
Most Hermit Divine Abilities would only be effective in a life-saving situation but at this time, Qiu Hanyan had activated it!
Just at the moment when the Hermit Divine Ability was activated, Qiu Hanyan's faint voice was transmitted to every student's ears, "Do not ….. resist ….."
She stretched out her hand and with a pinch, all the surrounding students were pulled towards her.
Luo Zheng also felt this invisible force and flew towards Qiu Hanyan. When he was about five feet away from Qiu Hanyan, the Hermit Divine Ability above her head suddenly cracked open.
"Xiu ….."
After the Hermit Divine Ability left, it opened up like an umbrella and enveloped Qiu Hanyan, Qiu Shengshui and the other students.
When Qiu Junshan saw this, he sneered, "Childish! You think you can stop me with this? "
After saying that, he pointed his finger at the "umbrella".
"Swoosh!"
A huge sword shadow descended from the sky and pierced towards the Hermit Divine Ability.
Qiu Hanyan raised her head and looked at the approaching sword shadow without any change in her expression.
"Boom!"
Following a roar, a dazzling light covered the sky.
After the light disappeared, the "umbrella" did not move at all.
Her eyebrows revealed a trace of mockery and she said, "This is the Qianwu Umbrella that Lord He Chi bestowed to me. How can you break such a Hermit Divine Ability?"
"Lord He Chi ….." Hearing this, Qiu Junshan's face froze.
Lord He Chi was a person who was on par with Qiu Yinhe in Great Yi Heavenly Palace. The power of such a peerless expert's Hermit Divine Ability was imaginable.
Qiu Junshan was even glad that this was a defensive Hermit Divine Ability. If it was an offensive Hermit Divine Ability, it would be enough to kill Qiu Junshan if he was caught off guard!
"So what if I can't break it? How long can this Hermit Divine Ability last? Three days? Or thirty days? I have plenty of time to waste here! "Qiu Junshan laughed and said.
Most of the Hermit Divine Abilities could only last for a short period of time before disappearing.
The faces of Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and the other disciples darkened.
The Autumn Academy's Hermit Divine Ability was indeed powerful, but how long could it last? In the end, they couldn't escape death …
Hearing this, Qiu Shengshui, who was lying on the ground, chuckled, "Palace Master Qiu, don't forget, Greater One Heavenly Palace is going to send people to pick up Luo Zheng. I wonder if you can withstand them at that time?"
Qiu Junshan's expression suddenly froze. He recalled that a few days ago, the Heavenly Law Sword Palace seemed to have produced an extraordinary disciple, and the Great One Heavenly Palace would personally come to pick him up.
After thinking for a while, Qiu Junshan said with a faint smile, "Great Yi Heavenly Palace doesn't know about the changes in Sword Palace. As long as the person sent to receive me is not too strong, I have nothing to fear!"
Now that the Dao Sword Palace had completely collapsed, the Tian Luo Guards were no longer a threat. Furthermore, behind him stood the Black Rong tribe and the Arabian Demonic Flower King. As long as the person sent by Greater One Heavenly Palace was not a top expert, he naturally wouldn't let them return alive.
At this time, the Black Rong tribe members gathered around Qiu Junshan. Out of the thousands of Academy disciples, most of them had been killed by the Black Rong tribe members. Now, only the hundreds of Academy disciples around Qiu Hanyan were left.
When the Black Rong tribe members saw this "umbrella shaped barrier", they all attacked, wanting to destroy it.
But their strength was still far from Qiu Junshan's, how could they shake it?
Just like that, the two sides faced off with the Hermit Divine Ability …
Within the umbrella shaped barrier.
Qiu Shengshui was treating his legs. After taking a pill, a ball of blood qi revolved around his broken legs, and his bones and muscles slowly grew back. He said with a serious expression, "Qiu Junshan is right. In the past, the people sent by Greater One Heavenly Palace to receive me were all very ordinary, I'm afraid …"
"And this Hermit Divine Ability won't last till then. Lord He Chi once told me … the Hermit Divine Ability can only last for about five days." Qiu Hanyan shook her head slightly.
The Academy disciples were all silent. Qiu Xuecong was the only one they could rely on. If even Qiu Xuecong thought that this matter was hopeless, then there was really no hope.
At this time, Qiu Yi suddenly said, "We can try our luck! In the Sea of True Intent, if we meet the disciples of Greater One Heavenly Palace, we can ask them to report this matter! "
"Yes!" Yue Baicheng's eyes lit up.
Among the Academy disciples, only Luo Zheng, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng had entered the Sea of True Intent. In the Sea of True Intent, there was indeed a possibility of meeting the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
Qiu Shengshui smiled faintly, "This probability is too small. Even if we meet the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, they might not believe you. A normal flying boat would take a month to reach Greater One Heavenly Palace. Five days … I'm afraid only the Five Star Tianluo Guards have this speed. Can a disciple of the Heavenly Palace in the Sea of True Intent convince the Five Star Tianluo Guards?"
Qiu Yi shook his head, "Indeed, this probability is too low …"
"Even if there is a trace of possibility, we still have to try. After all, there is no other way now," Yue Baicheng said seriously.
In the midst of the conversation, Luo Zheng also fell into deep thought.
He had heard Xiao Shuang mention the Heavenly Palace. Although Xiao Shuang did not deliberately introduce her background, she should have a deep relationship with Greater One Heavenly Palace.
If he asked Xiao Shuang for help, it was not impossible.
But once he asked Xiao Shuang for help, his identity would be exposed.
Of course, only the matter of his physical body entering the Nirvana Realm would be exposed …
"Luo Zheng … what are you thinking about?" Qiu Hanyan stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
In her eyes, Luo Zheng had always been very mysterious.
Previously, she did not deliberately question Luo Zheng's background. As long as Luo Zheng did not have the ability to harm the Dao Sword Palace, she and Luo Zheng each took what they needed. Moreover, with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, it was not enough to harm the Dao Sword Palace.
"From Greater One Heavenly Palace to Seven Star State, can you reach in five days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qiu Hanyan's gaze slightly froze. She understood the meaning in Luo Zheng's words and immediately asked, "You know someone from Greater One Heavenly Palace …"
"Maybe …" Luo Zheng answered. He was not sure if Xiao Shuang belonged to Greater One Heavenly Palace.
The eyes of many disciples suddenly lit up. Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui also revealed a strange expression, "Who is it?"
"I don't know. I also made friends in the Sea of True Meaning," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
Qiu Yi, who was not far away, sneered, "You don't even know if the other party is from Greater One Heavenly Palace. How much hope do you have? Everyone, don't listen to his nonsense. "
Yue Baicheng said happily, "No matter what, we should try first! Let's enter the Sea of True Meaning together! "
Actually, it was very difficult to find someone in the Sea of True Meaning. Even if they knew the other party, they had to ensure that the other party entered the Sea of True Meaning at the same time and waited for them in the same sea area.

Chapter 2682
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Transmission
Qiu Shengshui also smiled. "Yue Baicheng is right. No matter what, it's better than waiting for death."
He and Qiu Hanyan knew that the chances were slim, so they didn't have any expectations.
When the time limit of this Hermit's ability was up, it would be time for them to fight for their lives …
Yue Baicheng sat down and activated the Eternal Sword Intent. After entering a meditative state, he entered the Sea of Intent.
Although Qiu Yi said that it was impossible to ask for reinforcements, he also entered the Sea of Intent like Yue Baicheng.
Luo Zheng sat down and started to prepare the Eternal Sword Intent.
But as he was preparing, his face stiffened.
No matter how he chanted in his heart, he couldn't condense the Eternal Sword Intent!
"Is it because of the Imperial Sword Seal?" Luo Zheng guessed.
The sword silks released by the Sword of Tengshe were extremely powerful. Even Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui couldn't resist it, let alone the Black Rong Tribe members who had just entered the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng thought that there was no cost to activating the power of the Sword of Tengshe, but now it seemed that he was wrong.
He wondered if he would never be able to use the True Intent of Dao, or if he needed some time to recover?
Now wasn't the time to think about this. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had more than one True Intent of Dao.
His thoughts turned slightly, and a trace of natural aura was released. Now he could only use the True Intent of Dao to return to the Sea of Intent.
…
…
In front of the palace gate.
Ming Xuan, who was dead drunk, was thrown onto the steps paved with green bricks.
Ming Xuan was forcefully brought back when he was drunk. He used the alcohol to fly into a rage.
Although the palace guards were powerful, they all lowered their heads and looked at their young master expressionlessly.
Ming Xuan had been like this for more than a day or two …
On the steps, Aunt Ping, Aunt Lan, and Lingshuang walked down slowly.
When Auntie Lan saw her son in such a state, her willowy eyebrows furrowed slightly. With light steps, she arrived in front of Ming Xuan. Her jade-like hand gently brushed across Ming Xuan's forehead, causing the effects of the alcohol to disappear without a trace.
Although Ming Xuan's mind had recovered, he still did not have a good expression. He only said coldly, "Mother, why have you summoned your child here?"
Lan Yi smiled faintly and said, "Mother has found a way …"
Before she could finish, Mingxuan interrupted his mother. "Found a way, found a way. Mother has told me this more than a hundred times! This child knows that mother has put in a lot of effort for this child, but to disappoint this child again and again is too cruel! "
Ming Xuan was not an unreasonable person. It was just that after falling into despair, he had been repeatedly disappointed. His personality had become very stubborn, and he was naturally unwilling to cooperate.
"This time …" Auntie Lan spoke again.
But Mingxuan turned around and prepared to leave.
Ling Shuang frowned. Her figure flashed and stopped in front of Ming Xuan. She smiled faintly and said, "Cousin, can you let Aunt Lan finish speaking?"
"I won't listen!" Ming Xuan said with a flick of his sleeve.
"Then let me finish first?" Ling Shuang smiled again.
"Even more so!" Ming Xuan added.
Although he said so, he did not move. Seeing Ling Shuang's strange smile, he seemed to feel that this time was different from the past.
"I also fell into the Great Whirlpool," Ling Shuang said.
"What?" Ming Xuan was stunned. His eyes widened as he looked at Ling Shuang.
"And someone broke the Great Whirlpool." Ling Shuang spread her hands. "I'm telling the truth. If Cousin Ming Xuan does not believe me, you can leave by yourself …"
When Ming Xuan heard this, how could he still want to leave?
He patiently listened to Ling Shuang explain the Sea of True Intent, and after Ling Shuang finished, his entire face changed as though he was struck by lightning. He stared blankly for a while before saying, "Little Sister Shuang, you can't play tricks on Cousin Brother!"
Ling Shuang shook her head. "Of course not."
"Then where is this person now …" Ming Xuan asked carefully, afraid that Ling Shuang would suddenly change her expression and say that she was playing tricks on him …
Just then, Ling Shuang felt the small sword between her eyebrows move slightly. She said, "He just entered the Sea of True Intent. I'll go in now!"
Ling Shuang could only sense that Luo Zheng had entered the sea. Once Luo Zheng was far away, it would be very difficult for her to find him.
Ling Shuang found a place and quickly channeled her True Intent of Dao. Her Yang Soul entered the Sea of True Intent.
"Crash …"
As her True Intent condensed into a small boat, she saw that Luo Zheng was turning the boat around and floating back and forth.
Seeing this scene, Ling Shuang was slightly delighted. It looked like he was still waiting for her …
"Luo Zheng, I have something to ask of you …" Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "What a coincidence. I also have something to ask of you, and it's very urgent."
Ling Shuang's face revealed a strange expression. She hurriedly asked, "What urgent matter?"
"Have you heard of the Dao Sword Palace?" Luo Zheng asked.
She blinked and shook her head. Although she was knowledgeable, there were as many small forces as the Dao Sword Palace in the human race as there were hairs on a cow. Naturally, she had never heard of it.
"It's located in the Seven Stars Province. It's very close to the Third Layer Pass," Luo Zheng added.
"I know about the Third Layer Pass. What about it?" Ling Shuang still didn't understand.
"This Dao Sword Palace was established by Senior Qiu Yinhe. It's also a subordinate force of the Great One Heavenly Palace. However, there's a Nirvana Realm demon causing trouble. I'm trapped three thousand miles north of the Dao Sword Palace. I can only hold on for about five days. After five days, I'm afraid it'll be very troublesome …" Luo Zheng tried to be brief.
"You've already entered the Mother World! And you're trapped in the Seven Stars Province! Why didn't you say so earlier! "Ling Shuang suddenly became anxious.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Little Shuang, what do you want to ask of me?"
"We'll talk about it later! I … I'll withdraw from the Sea of True Intent now! Wait for me! "Ling Shuang hurriedly said.
In her impression, the Third Layer Pass was located at the edge of the Mother World. It was the exit to the Great One Heavenly Palace. Five days was too short. She didn't want any delays.
Before Luo Zheng could react, Ling Shuang's boat of True Intent dissipated in front of Luo Zheng.
From the moment Ling Shuang entered the Sea of True Intent to the moment she left, less than half an hour had passed. Aunt Lan, Aunt Ping, and Ming Xuan all looked at her strangely.
Ling Shuang then said, "That Luo Zheng seems to be in trouble. He's trapped by a Nirvana Realm demon in the Seven Stars Province. He can only hold on for five days …"
Aunt Ping and Aunt Lan's expression changed slightly.
Only this family could save Ming Xuan. There was no other family.
If it was like what Ling Shuang said, Luo Zheng was really dead. Ming Xuan was completely hopeless.
"The Seven Stars Province is close to the Third Layer Pass. Five days is too tight. I'll get my husband to do it!"
Aunt Lan was also a decisive person. With a quick thought, she had already made up her mind.
In order to save her son, she had been disappointed many times. Even if Luo Zheng was really a liar, she would never give up trying.

Chapter 2683
Lin Zhanting
Aunt Ping had a complicated expression as she watched Aunt Lan leave in a hurry. She asked, "Wasn't this person in the outer region? Why did he suddenly appear in the Mother World? "
Mingxuan looked at Ling Shuang in confusion. He had placed all his hopes on Ling Shuang. If the news was wrong, he would be happy for nothing.
Ling Shuang shook her head. "He is very cautious and has never revealed where he is. If he wasn't in danger this time, he probably wouldn't have told me …"
Every time Ling Shuang wanted to find out Luo Zheng's background, Luo Zheng would intentionally avoid her.
"That's good too." Aunt Ping said indifferently, "It would be good if we could take such a person into our mountain."
Ling Shuang nodded slightly. "I hope Uncle can make it in time …"
…
Aunt Lan transformed into a streak of light and rushed into an immortal cave like a graceful swan.
In the discussion hall inside the cave abode, a burly man and an old man in a Daoist robe were discussing something in low voices.
Seeing Aunt Lan rushing over, the burly man exclaimed in surprise and hurriedly asked, "Lan 'er, what made you so anxious?"
Aunt Lan glared at her husband. "You're always busy with the matters of the palace! You don't even care about your own son! "
"You're Ming Xuan?" The burly man heard the hidden meaning.
"Someone can save Ming Xuan from the huge whirlpool!" Aunt Lan said angrily.
"What?"
The burly man and the old man in a Daoist robe were stunned.
"But this person is trapped in the Dao Sword Palace in the Seven Stars Province. It is said that the Dao Sword Palace is being attacked by great demons. This person won't live for more than five days. Do as you see fit!" Aunt Lan repeated Ling Shuang's words.
The burly man's thick, sharp eyebrows suddenly rose. Lan 'er didn't look like she was joking.
"Dao Sword Palace?" The old man in a Daoist robe's eyes flashed.
"Esteemed He Chi, have you heard of it?" The burly man asked.
He Chi nodded. "It's a sect founded by Qiu Yinhe. Back then, Qiu Yinhe set up some Heaven Chasm Swords and founded a few sects. However, most of them were destroyed. The Dao Sword Palace is one of the small sects that survived. I still remember that I rewarded the people of the Dao Sword Palace with a hermit divine ability …"
Aunt Lan was impatient and urged, "There's not much time, husband! Regardless of whether this matter is true or not, you have to make a trip there! "
Looking at her anxious appearance, the burly man smiled faintly and said, "Lan 'er, don't be anxious. Although the Seven Star Province is far away, five days is enough."
The elder in Daoist robes nodded as well. "I'll send Brother Zhan Ting off with the Sword of Guidance. It won't take five days to reach the Seven Stars State. Three and a half days will be enough!"
Hearing this, Aunt Lan's expression relaxed a little. She forced a smile and said, "Then I'll have to trouble Master He Chi to make a trip."
…
…
Luo Zheng stood on the True Meaning boat and waited quietly.
After about an hour, a True Meaning boat gradually condensed in front of him. Ling Shuang's figure also gradually appeared in front of him.
"Xiao Shuang, how is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang smiled and said, "Uncle has already set off."
"Uncle?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang nodded and said, "That's my cousin's father. My cousin is still deep in the whirlpool. I told them that you can save my cousin. Uncle is naturally anxious and is now rushing over!"
"Save your cousin?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
"Yes," Ling Shuang smiled and said, "Xiao Shuang, I'll have to trouble you again. After all, only you can save my cousin in this world …"
In fact, Luo Zheng was still a little afraid of the matter of taking away the underwater candles.
9527 told him that the candles were good things and would definitely be useful in the future. Luo Zheng began to think that he might as well go find those whirlpools and take away all the candles under the whirlpools.
However, 9527 also warned Luo Zheng that these candles had an owner. If he took too many of them and attracted the owner's attention, he was afraid that he would be in trouble. If this happened, 9527 could not do anything about it. Under the warning, Luo Zheng gave up on this idea.
However, secretly taking a few candles was not a big problem.
What's more, they had come in person and saved his life. This was a favor that he had to repay.
"It's no trouble. I'll naturally help you. However, I hope that you can help me keep the secret of entering the sea with my physical body," Luo Zheng said.
"Okay!"
"And … I don't know the name of your uncle," Luo Zheng asked again.
"His name is Lin Zhanting …" Ling Shuang replied.
After a short conversation, Luo Zheng exited the Sea of Truth.
Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng had already woken up before Luo Zheng …
Qiu Yi opened his eyes and said angrily, "I met the clansmen of the You Xiong Clan! These idiots are so arrogant. Not only did they not help me, but they also mocked me! "
Before Qiu Yi finished speaking, Qiu Hanyan smiled bitterly.
At present, the most powerful clan in the Mother World was the You Xiong Clan's Xuanyuan Clan. They saw themselves as the only orthodox clan of the Human Race. However, the ordinary clansmen were extremely arrogant. It was impossible to persuade them to save them. Moreover, the You Xiong Clan was too far away.
Yue Baicheng shook his head slightly as well. "Perhaps in the eyes of the disciples of the famous sects, a small faction like the Dao Sword Palace is nothing. It's not even worth mentioning."
"Even in the eyes of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, our Dao Sword Palace is not important. Otherwise, Elder Qiu would not have just left us with a towering sword," Qiu Shengshui said indifferently.
Unless the Dao Sword Palace could prove its worth, such a small force was not worthy of the protection of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. This world had always been like this.
Luo Zheng's eyes trembled slightly and he opened his eyes.
Almost everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng's face. According to what Luo Zheng had said, he was the one with the greatest hope.
But before Qiu Hanyan could ask Luo Zheng, she heard a buzzing sound coming from outside.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw several Dark Rong clansmen flying around. They threw out snow-white powder from their hands. When the powder was thrown out, the surrounding space seemed to be condensing.
"Void Shattering Powder … Haha, they want to catch us all in one fell swoop." Qiu Shengshui smiled bitterly.
The Void Shattering Powder could seal the surrounding space and could not create a space tunnel. Naturally, greater teleportation could not be used.
"Even if we don't use this thing, we can't escape." Qiu Hanyan shook her head and ignored the commotion outside. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, how is the communication in the Sea of True Intent?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "They have sent someone over."
"Is he Tai Yiwei?" Qiu Hanyan asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't know. I only know that his surname is Lin and his name is Zhan Ting."
"Surnamed Lin?"
Qiu Hanyan was slightly disappointed when she heard this surname.

Chapter 2684
CHAPTER 2684 - CHAPTER 2684
A nervous wait.
Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, as one of the orthodox human race, was a huge force.
There were countless branches attached to this force, and some of these branches were strong and some were weak.
In theory, the Dao Sword Palace was also a branch of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, but it should be the weakest branch.
But in the past few years, some branches had also developed, and even had the tendency to be on equal footing with the Greater One Heavenly Palace. One of them was the Great Yi Mountain, which was located on the side of the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
It was said that Mount Taiyi was even taller than Mount Taiyi where the Taiyi Heavenly Palace was located. It blocked the sunlight of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace. The Eastern Emperor Taiyi personally took action and cut Mount Taiyi down to a height of thirty-five thousand feet. The development of Mount Taiyi was also something that happened after that.
Lin Zhanting was one of the best in Taiyi Mountain!
As Qiu Hanyan pondered, the memories from hundreds of years ago became clearer and clearer. She then said, "I remember now. This Lin Zhanting is not Tai Yiwei."
When Qiu Yi and the other disciples heard Qiu Xuegong's words, their faces were filled with disappointment. Qiu Yi, in particular, felt that there was no hope left. He said sarcastically, "He's not even Tai Yiwei. Let's not even talk about five days. Even if we give him five years, he won't be able to make it here. By then, we'll all be dead.
Yue Baicheng, on the other hand, smiled and said, "Someone who even knows about the Autumn Academy can't be a nobody."
Qiu Hanyan glanced at Qiu Yi and said to Luo Zheng, "Because Lin Zhanting is not from the main branch of the Tai Yiwei Palace … Naturally, he would not join the Tai Yiwei Palace. And with his strength, it is impossible for him to join the Tai Yiwei Palace."
"Are you not strong enough?" Qiu Shengshui asked.
If that was the case, it was indeed too disappointing. After all, with Qiu Shengshui's talent, if he worked hard and entered Tai Yiwei Heavenly Palace to further his studies, there was a possibility that he could join Tai Yiwei.
"That's not the case …" Qiu Hanyan smiled and said, "Lin Zhanting is someone who is on par with Senior Qiu Yinhe. Letting him enter the Tai Yiwei … Bestowing a five-star Tai Yiwei is completely meaningless!"
Hearing this, Qiu Shengshui's pupils shrank slightly.
Those disciples also stared at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open …
Qiu Yinhe was a god-like existence in everyone's hearts. He was the founder and spiritual leader.
Even if the Dao Sword Palace was in trouble and Qiu Yinhe didn't do anything, they couldn't blame Qiu Yinhe. Such a character wouldn't stay behind to guard the Seven Star Province for a mere Dao Sword Palace!
Someone as famous as Qiu Yinhe …
"Hahaha, Luo Zheng, could it be that you've randomly asked for a person's name in the Sea of True Meaning and have come here to deceive us?" Qiu Yi laughed strangely.
Qiu Yi naturally hoped that someone could save him, but he hated and envied Luo Zheng, so he naturally suspected Luo Zheng's motives.
Luo Zheng looked at Qiu Yi indifferently. A murderous intent flashed in his eyes. He suddenly moved and grabbed Qiu Yi's neck. Qiu Yi felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar. His entire body and soul were frozen.
"Who do you think you are? Are you worth being deceived by me? Since you've already given up, I'll send you on your way! "Luo Zheng said coldly. At the same time, the strength in his hand increased.
In terms of talent, there was a huge gap between Qiu Yi and Luo Zheng. In terms of strength, they weren't even on the same level. How could Qiu Yi break free?
If it was any other time, Luo Zheng's actions would have been stopped by the other disciples. However, even Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui were watching coldly from the sidelines.
Since Qiu Yi was trapped here, he had been talking nonsense. However, at this critical moment, no one cared about him.
Qiu Yi's face was red. He felt that Luo Zheng's hand was like an iron clamp. It was getting stronger and stronger, almost twisting his head off!
"Palace … Palace Qiu … Palace Qiu … Save me …" Qiu Yi asked for help in a hoarse voice.
He was the most outstanding disciple of the palace. It was impossible for Palace Qiu to ignore him!
However, Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui only looked at Qiu Yi coldly. They had no intention of helping him.
As for Qiu Siyuan, Lai Huabei and the rest also felt that he should be killed!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was increasing his strength again, the sound of bones cracking could be heard. Yue Baicheng reached out and gently placed his hand on Luo Zheng's hand. He advised, "Brother Luo Zheng, Qiu Yi's personality is extreme. He is seeking his own death. However, we are in a difficult situation now. Please let him go. After all, he has no bad intentions …"
Luo Zheng appreciated Yue Baicheng's personality. Among the Gemini Stars of the Palace, Yue Baicheng was much better than Qiu Yi in terms of speech and conduct.
"Dong!"
Luo Zheng pushed hard. The huge force directly pressed Qiu Yi into the ground.
Qiu Yi only felt that his body was falling apart. His neck bones were slightly broken. He lay on the ground, unable to move.
"If you say any more nonsense, you will die," Luo Zheng said calmly.
No one looked at Qiu Yi again. Qiu Hanyan also pretended that nothing had happened. Instead, she continued to ask, "I wonder how Luo Zheng … could persuade such a person …"
Qiu Hanyan was not as agitated as the others. This was because she had a trace of doubt in her heart.
Was it really so easy to invite such a high and mighty person?
"I am unable to tell the Qiu Palace the details of the process. If the Qiu Palace does not believe me, you will know in a few days. It is meaningless for me to lie to you all," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Luo Zheng could not tell them the details of the Sea of True Intent.
"It is not that I do not believe you …" Qiu Hanyan was a little guilty.
The next few days were a kind of torture for these people.
Luo Zheng's words gave them great hope. However, they were afraid that this hope would burst like a bubble. They were very nervous.
The battle at the Dao Sword Palace seemed to have ended long ago. More and more people from the Black Raging Tribe gathered here. Other than Qiu Junshan, the Black Raging Tribe member called "Xie Shan" had also appeared.
The "umbrella" that covered everyone's heads was getting dimmer by the day.
Although this "umbrella" could still withstand the repeated attacks of the Black Raging Tribe members, both parties knew that this Hermit's remarkable power would not last much longer.
"I thought that this Hermit's remarkable power could protect you for ten days to half a month. Looking at this, it will be destroyed in one more day," Qiu Junshan stared at Qiu Hanyan below and sneered.
Qiu Hanyan's face was indifferent. No matter what Qiu Junshan said, she remained silent.
"Brother Junshan, this human girl is exceptionally beautiful. When this Hermit's remarkable power is destroyed, how about we not kill her, but only destroy her Dantian?" Xie Shan suddenly said.
Qiu Junshan licked his lips. "For such a small matter, I can naturally satisfy Brother Xie Shan!"
Hearing this conversation, Qiu Hanyan's pale face faintly showed a trace of blood. Deep in her eyes, there was anger.
She had already made up her mind. If it really came to that, even if she had to bear the painful price of burning the Nirvana token, she would not live in this world.

Chapter 2685
Falling Sword
Xie Shan cracked a strange smile and said to Qiu Junshan, "The person from Greater Yi Heavenly Palace that you mentioned has arrived. Brother Junshan, you go deal with it personally, I will stay here."
Qiu Junshan rubbed his nose and used a Greater Teleportation, disappearing without a trace.
Xie Shan's words passed down, Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui raised their heads almost at the same time. The messenger sent by Greater Yi Heavenly Palace was also a hope.
But this hope was shattered in an instant. Qiu Junshan left for an incense's time and returned, throwing something in the air.
"Dong, dong — —"
That thing hit the ground and rolled a few times.
Qiu Hanyan and the others stared, their faces suddenly dimmed. It was the heads of several humans.
"The dignified Greater Yi Heavenly Palace sent a messenger with such strength. I even asked brother Xie Shan to set up a formation," Qiu Junshan said disdainfully.
Qiu Hanyan looked up at Qiu Junshan and said, "You killed the people of Greater Yi Heavenly Palace and angered the Heavenly Palace — — aren't you afraid?"
"I'm naturally afraid of the Heavenly Palace's anger, but how can the dignified orthodox human race pay attention to these small characters," Qiu Junshan said disdainfully.
"Luo Zheng was personally appointed by Elder Qiu Yin River — — if he doesn't return to Greater Yi Heavenly Palace, Qiu Yin River will definitely pay attention," Qiu Hanyan continued.
Qiu Junshan grinned. "By that time, I will have left Seven Stars Province, but how many more days can you live?"
Qiu Hanyan was silent …
All the disciples of the academy had nothing to say. Their only hope was Luo Zheng.
But as the time approached, the hope that Luo Zheng gave became more and more illusory.
In the blink of an eye, another day passed — —
It was already the fourth day. Qiu Hanyan's Hermit Divine Ability had dimmed by 30%, and the signs of collapse were becoming more and more obvious.
Even Luo Zheng could not remain calm.
He believed in Xiao Shuang's promise, but the destruction of the Hermit Divine Ability was like the God of Death approaching step by step. Anyone would feel uneasy.
On the evening of the fourth day, the setting sun was hanging in the sky, emitting a red light.
The entire Seven Stars City was filled with the thick smell of blood, mixed with the stench of rotting corpses.
The originally prosperous Seven Star City had now turned into a slaughterhouse. There were severed limbs and fresh blood everywhere. The huge mountain city was terrifyingly quiet.
"This way …" One of the Black Raging Warriors shouted.
More than a hundred women were gathered together without saying a word in fear.
These women not only allowed the Black Raging Tribe members to vent their bestial desires, but they could also be used as rations. This was also the reason why they were still alive. However, living like this was even more terrifying than having hope.
At this moment, two figures quietly appeared in the sky.
The two figures were standing on top of a sword that was over 300 meters long. It was very eye-catching, but for some reason, none of the Black Raging Tribe members noticed it.
Lin Zhanting glanced at Seven Star City, and his thick eyebrows furrowed. "This place is worse than I thought."
He Chi sighed, "I don't agree with Qiu Yinhe establishing a sect in this damned place. He sowed the seeds but didn't care about them. The unlucky ones are the humans here …"
As people of high status, it was impossible for them to take care of everything. However, it was too cruel to leave a faction like the Dao Sword Palace to fend for itself.
"Hmph! I'll go underground and kill that demonic plant! Esteemed He Chi, I'll trouble you to kill these foreign demons! "
Lin Zhanting coldly snorted and charged toward Seven Star City. With a boom, a large hole appeared on top of Seven Star Mountain, and his burly body forced his way in.
In comparison, He Chi's movements were much smaller.
He Chi took out a small green sword from his waist and lightly flicked it with his finger.
As these small swords hummed, identical small swords appeared above the heads of all the Black Warriors in Seven Stars City and all the Arabian demonic flowers. Then, Hechi gave a single word. "Fall!"
Puff puff puff puff …
The small swords floating above the heads of the foreign demons all fell.
Whether it was the True God Realm experts or the Nirvana Realm experts of the Black Raging Tribe, they were all killed by the falling swords.
There was no resistance, no screams. The vast majority of them were extremely confused before they died …
The humans who were imprisoned in Seven Star City were all stunned when they saw the Black Raging Tribe members die tragically in front of them.
A few of the more knowledgeable humans reacted with joy. "A mighty expert of our human race has taken action!"
"Who is it? How could they be so powerful! "
"Retribution! These demonic humans all deserve to die! "
Just when these people were rejoicing, a massive explosion came from within Seven Star Mountain.
Bang!
The power of this explosion caused the entire mountain to jump, and everyone within ten thousand li felt the intense tremors.
A few moments later, Lin Zhanting appeared next to Esteemed He Chi, a green pearl in his hand. "An Arabian demonic flower of this level is truly rare! I have no use for this demonic plant Neidan! "
After saying this, he tossed it to He Chi.
After putting away the Neidan, He Chi looked to the north. "What a coincidence."
"What coincidence?" Lin Zhanting asked in confusion.
"The person Brother Zhanting wants to save is still three thousand li to the north of the Dao Sword Palace, and I can sense the Qianwu Umbrella that I bestowed upon that woman is also three thousand li to the north. This Qianwu Umbrella can only last for five days," He Chi said with a smile.
The Qianwu Umbrella had been bestowed upon him by He Chi, so He Chi could naturally sense it and easily make this deduction.
"Looks like I owe you another favor, Esteemed He Chi." Lin Zhanting laughed.
With a flash, the two of them performed Greater Teleportation toward the north.
… …
… …
"Boom!"
When the intense tremors came, Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the Dao Sword Palace.
Such a huge commotion was definitely not something that an ordinary person could cause. Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui were keenly aware of this, and a strange look flashed through their eyes as they could not suppress their excitement.
Xie Shan and Qiu Junshan's expressions darkened.
"What happened in the Dao Sword Palace?" For the first time, Qiu Junshan felt a hint of unease.
"I'll go take a look!" Xie Shan said.
At this moment, a coarse and bold laugh could be heard. "Everyone's dead. What's there to see?"
Xie Shan raised his head abruptly and saw two strange figures appear above him. He had not noticed when these two people had appeared here.
Qiu Junshan was the same. When he saw the two figures above, his pupils constricted and his face contorted in shock!

Chapter 2686
Leave
"That's … that's Lord Hechi …" Qiu Hanyan said in a daze.
Qiu Shengshui may be unfamiliar with Lin Zhanting, but the name "Hechi" reverberated like thunder in his ears. He was one of the three Great Heavenly Governors, and was as famous as Qiu Yinhe in the Greater One Heavenly Palace!
Luo Zheng really did it …
The disciples of the palace were also shocked.
Especially Qiu Yi, who had already given up on himself, but after being threatened by Luo Zheng, he did not dare to say anything.
But when he suddenly saw the reinforcements that Luo Zheng asked for appear, he realized how ridiculous he was.
As for Yue Baicheng and the other disciples of the palace, they were even in awe of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's origin was originally very mysterious, and if he could invite such a person, it meant that his background was very strong, but why would such a person join the small Dao Sword Palace?
This was a question that even Luo Zheng himself could not answer. When he first joined the Dao Sword Palace, it was completely led by 9527.
Lin Zhanting completely ignored Qiu Junshan and the Dark Rong people, and looked straight down and asked, "Who is Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and bowed slightly to Lin Zhanting, "I am."
"Good, you're still alive!" Lin Zhanting laughed and jumped down from the sky. With a light step, he shattered the Hermit's supernatural power and landed beside Luo Zheng. He stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I heard from Xiao Shuang that you can save my son's life?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied without any hesitation.
"Very good! I hope you don't disappoint me! "Lin Zhanting liked this kind of straightforward conversation, and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder with satisfaction.
He had a straightforward personality, and the reason he was willing to come here so quickly was of course for his son. With Luo Zheng's confirmation, he felt a lot more at ease.
Qiu Junshan and Xie Shan saw this scene, and their hearts kept sinking, falling into a bottomless abyss.
Although the two people who suddenly appeared did not show any killing intent, the aura that came out of their movements was not something they could fight against. They felt like two ants standing in front of an elephant, and even running away was meaningless.
Why is this …
Even I wouldn't be able to get such a strong person to help me, let alone a mere student of the academy. Who does he think he is?
Qiu Junshan shouted in his heart, and the strong unwillingness caused his blood to boil.
"Tell me, who trapped you here? Who do you want to kill?" Lin Zhanting asked Luo Zheng again.
With Lin Zhanting and He Chi's eyesight, they could actually see the situation in front of them clearly. Apart from the Hermit's supernatural powers, all living creatures could be killed, including the Nirvana Realm expert who was with the Black Raging Tribe.
However, although Lin Zhanting appeared to be brave and boorish, his thoughts were meticulous. He only wanted to express one thing, and that was that he, Lin Zhanting, had crossed so many provinces to come here for no other reason than to help Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng also saw through Lin Zhanting's thoughts. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he looked at Qiu Junshan.
Sensing Luo Zheng's gaze, Qiu Junshan began to tremble. Then, Luo Zheng pointed at him. "He, and all of these Outsiders, deserve to die …."
Seeing that he was about to be sentenced to death, Qiu Junshan was about to use Greater Teleportation to escape before Luo Zheng could even finish his sentence.
Xie Shan and the rest of the Dark Rong people had the same thought. This was their last chance to escape ….
Lin Zhanting clenched his fist and punched towards the sky.
Streaks of formless fist prints distorted the space, erupting with a series of muffled booms.
Qiu Junshan and the rest had just condensed a space wave, and it was shattered by the fist prints. Their bodies, energy centers, and souls were also shattered.
Seeing this scene, the disciples of the academy were shocked.
That was the Palace Master of the Dao Sword Palace, but he was like a chicken in front of this strong man. He died in the same way as the rest of the Dark Rong people who had just entered the Nirvana Realm.
"Lin Zhanting" did not seem to have used all his strength, and he looked like he had everything under control.
This was the real almighty of the human race!
After Lin Zhanting killed these people, He Chi slowly came down. He stared at Qiu Hanyan and asked, "I wonder what happened to the Dao Sword Palace that it was destroyed after so many years?"
Lin Zhanting did not care about the Dao Sword Palace, but the Dao Sword Palace was a subordinate force of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. He Chi could not ignore it.
Qiu Hanyan said, "The person who was killed by Lord Lin …. was our Palace Master …."
Qiu Hanyan told him what had happened in the Dao Sword Palace these few days.
He Chi thought for a while with his hands behind his back. He said, "The Seven Stars Region is desolate. Qiu Yinhe was forced to open up a demon territory. It was very difficult. It was not easy for you to hold on for so long …."
"The value of this place is not as high as you think. Moreover, the trade route you opened up made the merchant alliance rich. I think the remaining people should leave this place and send them back to the Greater One Heavenly Palace for Qiu Yinhe to deal with," Lin Zhanting said.
Hearing this, the eyes of the disciples lit up.
In the eyes of genius disciples like Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng, the Greater One Heavenly Palace was their lifelong goal.
It was just that with their talent, it was very difficult for them to be chosen by the Greater One Heavenly Palace. That was why Qiu Yi was jealous of Luo Zheng. If they could really go to the Greater One Heavenly Palace, it would be a blessing in disguise.
He Chi stared at Qiu Hanyan and said, "This is one way, but it depends on their choice."
Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with determination.
They also yearned for the Greater One Heavenly Palace, especially Qiu Shengshui. With his talent and temperament, even if he went to the Greater One Heavenly Palace, he could become Tai Yiwei.
But they were born in the Dao Sword Palace. Now that the Dao Sword Palace was in trouble, how could they just leave?
Although the Seven Stars City was destroyed, there were still dozens of big cities in the Seven Stars Region. If they lost them and left, the tens of millions of people in these dozens of big cities would eventually be swallowed by the demons and the Seven Stars Region would return to desolation.
Only then did Qiu Hanyan tell Guru He Chi her thoughts.
Master He Chi did not force Qiu Hanyan. Instead, he helped Qiu Hanyan control the towering sword.
Although the Dao Sword Palace was destroyed, under the protection of the towering sword, he believed that there would be a day when it would flourish again.
Lin Zhanting and He Chi only stayed in the Seven Stars Region for half a day. After half a day, Master He Chi put Luo Zheng and the other hundreds of disciples into a small world and drove the Guiding Sword to bring Lin Zhanting on the road.
In this small world, Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi and the others were very excited.
As for Qiu Siyuan, Lai Huabei and the others, they felt like they were in a dream …

Chapter 2687
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
An unpleasant meeting.
A few days passed in the blink of an eye.
When the academy disciples were released from the small world, they found themselves in an empty square. Lin Zhanting, Master He Chi, and the others were nowhere to be seen.
At the end of the square was a huge mountain gate. It was constructed in a mighty and domineering manner. The words "Taiyi" were engraved on a plaque in the middle of the mountain gate. Just these two words were emitting streaks of Sword Will.
The crowd looked around for a while, then looked up and saw a grayish-brown sky.
"What is this place?"
"It's not Taiyi Heavenly Palace, but Taiyi Mountain?"
"What kind of sky is this? It can even block the stars?"
Whether it was Yue Baicheng, Lai Huabei, or even Luo Zheng, they felt strange when they saw the grayish-brown sky above their heads.
"That's not a sky … That's Taiyi Mountain! It's just that Taiyi Mountain is too tall. You're at the foot of the mountain, and the mountain has blocked the sky and the earth. "A pleasant voice was heard.
The academy disciples turned their heads. When they saw who it was, their eyes were filled with excitement.
Three beautiful women and a young man were walking slowly toward them. Behind them were a few guards.
Although the Dao Sword Palace was a small force, it had been entrenched in the Seven Stars State for many years. There were many beautiful women in the palace, but they paled in comparison to the women in front of them.
In particular, the leader of the group was a young girl who looked to be about fifteen or sixteen years old. Her skin was as white as mutton fat, and she wore a light blue muslin dress. Her extremely beautiful face carried a faint smile.
However, there was a faint Sword Will in her gentle temperament. She clearly cultivated the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning.
As for the other two beautiful women, they were slightly older, and their cultivation could not be seen at all. They were clearly the strongest in the Nirvana Realm. The academy disciples did not dare to look at them. All of their eyes were focused on the young lady in the lead.
"Who's Luo Zheng?" One of the beautiful women asked directly.
The young girl smiled faintly and said in a soft voice, "Aunty Lan, you don't have to be so anxious. At least let me guess …"
As she spoke, she slowly walked over. Her gaze swept past all the students of the academy, and in the blink of an eye, it had already stopped on Luo Zheng. She then tilted her head and used her pair of large, watery eyes to examine Luo Zheng without the slightest scruple.
In the Sea of True Intent, they couldn't see each other's faces clearly. This was the first time they had seen each other's true appearance.
"This can't be considered a guess. Their cultivation levels aren't high enough. Only I have passed the Second Stage Line. Based on the aura of the True Meaning, I can determine it." Although this was the first time they had met, Luo Zheng still spoke in a familiar tone.
Ling Shuang smiled and was about to speak when Auntie Lan quickly stepped forward. She sized up Luo Zheng and asked, "Are you Luo Zheng? Can you save my son from the Great Maelstrom? "
Ming Xuan, who was beside Aunt Lan, also had an expectant look on his face.
Hearing this tone, Luo Zheng's brows unconsciously furrowed. Seeing that this woman was eager to save her son, he nodded and said, "Yes."
"Very good." Auntie Lan nodded. "You can send the other unrelated people away. You can stay here."
As soon as she finished speaking, the guards surrounded them. They wanted to ask the students to leave.
When Qiu Yi, Yue Baicheng, Lai Huabei, and the others heard this, their faces revealed disappointment. They didn't even know where they were, and they were about to be chased away.
Luo Zheng's expression also darkened. He said, "These people came with me. If it's not convenient for them to stay here, they can naturally leave together."
Auntie Lan looked at Luo Zheng strangely and said, "My husband saved your life, and you also promised to save my son. Is Taiyi Mountain something you can leave just because you want to?"
At this point, Auntie Lan's aura changed. There was a faint threat in her aura.
"I will naturally fulfill my promise to save your son. But I heard from Xiao Shuang that your son is trapped in the six-dash line. I'm still in the two-dash line. When I reach the six-dash line one day, I will naturally save your son. Goodbye!" Luo Zheng finished speaking and prepared to leave.
Qiu Yi, Yue Baicheng, and the other students' expressions didn't look too good. They also left with Luo Zheng.
Although they were in someone else's territory, as elite disciples of the Dao Sword Palace, they still had pride in their hearts. How could they be willing to give in to someone else?
Auntie Lan's expression also darkened. She said proudly, "Taiyi Mountain will help you cross the six-dash line as easily as child's play. When my son leaves the Great Maelstrom, there will be unimaginable rewards. You will regret leaving Taiyi Mountain for the rest of your life."
Luo Zheng paused. He turned his head and said, "I saved your son only because Lin Zhanting saved my life. As for rewards, I never thought about them. Regret is even more impossible!"
After saying that, he walked out without looking back.
"Auntie Lan! Hey … Luo Zheng! "
Ling Shuang didn't think that a few words would cause the two of them to fall out.
"Mother!"
Ming Xuan frowned and called out. Clearly, he also felt that his mother was being overbearing.
Auntie Ping also said, "Brother-in-law saved him. Sister Lan, you just said a few words and drove him away. That's not good …"
"Let him go! Once he understands what Taiyi Mountain means, he will come back, "Auntie Lan said stubbornly.
"But he's my friend!" Ling Shuang clearly didn't agree with Auntie Lan's words. She quickly chased after her.
After walking out of the plaza, they saw a steep cliff below. Dozens of winding mountain paths extended down.
Given the cultivation levels of these disciples, they could simply fly down.
At this moment, Ling Shuang caught up and blocked Luo Zheng's path. "Luo Zheng, my aunt was anxious to save her son. Her words were a bit harsh. Don't take it to heart!"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I won't take it to heart."
"But it's better for you to stay at Taiyi Mountain," Ling Shuang said.
"If I don't rely on Taiyi Mountain, I can't even pass through the Sea of True Intent?" Luo Zheng stared at Ling Shuang and asked.
"Yes! Brother Luo Zheng is someone who comprehended the Dao with a single thought! He cultivated the Eternal Sword Essence in one go. Senior Qiu Yinhe even asked him to enter the Heavenly Palace! "
"Your Taiyi Mountain is arrogant, but is it more powerful than Taiyi Heavenly Palace? “
"…"
A few students also spoke up for Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang was slightly stunned. "Comprehended the Dao with a single thought … Luo Zheng, you can comprehend the Dao with a single thought?"
She suddenly recalled that Luo Zheng had used the True Intent of Nature to enter the Sea of True Intent previously. This time, he suddenly grasped the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent. Could it be that he had really cultivated the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent in one go?
Even Taiyi Mountain yearned for such a person. But in this situation, she didn't know how to persuade him to stay.
"It's better for us to meet in the Sea of True Intent," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.

Chapter 2688
The reason
Ling Shuang returned to the square with disappointment. She glared at Auntie Lan and said, "Auntie Lan! Luo Zheng is someone that even Granny is paying attention to! "
She was looking forward to meeting Luo Zheng, but this was the result. Naturally, she was angry.
At the same time, Ling Shuang felt strange. Auntie Lan was usually not like this, but today, she seemed to have taken the wrong medicine.
Auntie Lan, who was aggressive just a moment ago, now had a gentle smile. She sighed and said, "How could I not know? After all, he is someone whose body has entered the Sea of True Meaning. If he really wanted to keep Luo Zheng, not to mention that he only brought a hundred people, even if he brought a thousand people, our Taiyi Mountain is so big, we can easily accommodate them … … "
Hearing Auntie Lan's words, Auntie Ping and Mingxuan showed curiosity. Ling Shuang frowned slightly. "What's the secret?"
Auntie Lan smiled helplessly. "When Zhan Ting brought Luo Zheng back, Greater One Mountain already knew … …"
"So what? Can Greater One Mountain casually interfere with which mountain Luo Zheng wants to join? Can Granny tolerate this? "Ling Shuang said unhappily.
Greater One Heavenly Palace was a unified force to the outside, but it was actually very complicated internally.
In addition to Greater One Heavenly Palace occupying Greater One Mountain, there were also Greater One Mountain, Greater One Mountain, Greater One Mountain, and so on.
If these mountains were placed anywhere in the Mother World, they would be able to dominate an area!
The Heavenly Palace located in the Greater One Mountain was the backbone of the sect. However, Lingshuang and Luo Zheng had known each other for a long time. Furthermore, it was the people from the Greater One Mountain who had saved her this time. It was only natural for her to join the Greater One Mountain.
Greater One Heavenly Palace did have the ability to force Luo Zheng, but it was not reasonable.
In Ling Shuang's heart, Granny was a very domineering figure, how could she give in on such a matter?
Auntie Lan shook her head and said, "When Luo Zheng entered the Mother World, he joined Dao Sword Palace. When he cultivated with the Heavenly Moat Sword in Autumn Yin River, he was discovered. That kid could comprehend Dao with a thought. Greater One Heavenly Palace had already sent a messenger before us, but he was killed by the Demon Race … …"
Speaking of this, Ling Shuang, Aunt Ping, and Ming Xuan suddenly came to a realization. No wonder Great One Heavenly Palace refused to let go, and no wonder Granny would give in.
"But we were the ones who brought Luo Zheng here!" Ling Shuang complained angrily.
Lan Yi chuckled, "Forget it, Luo Zheng entering the Greater One Heavenly Palace is a good choice. What's more, the Greater One Heavenly Palace's foundation is indeed deeper than ours, perhaps he will be able to obtain more. You have to keep an eye on him in the Sea of True Meaning, my Mingxuan is still counting on him!"
"Yes," Ling Shuang replied.
It was indeed difficult for Ling Shuang to participate in the disputes of the elders, but at least Luo Zheng had come to Greater One Heavenly Palace...
…
…
At the foot of Mount Taiyi.
The students of the academy were still indignant.
"This Great Celestial Mountain is not the Great One Heavenly Palace. They really think they're something!" Yue Baihao said unhappily.
Yue Baicheng pondered for a moment before saying, "Actually, this matter is still a little strange. We just arrived at Mount Taiyi, and the other party's attitude changed. I keep feeling that it's a little unreasonable …"
Luo Zheng, who was walking at the front, also nodded, "I also feel that way."
It wasn't that the other party didn't know anything about him, but that woman's attitude was completely illogical.
"It's just that we came from afar and don't know where to go." Lai Huabei sighed, "Might as well stay in the Dao Sword Palace …"
The Greater One Heavenly Palace was completely out of reach in the eyes of these academy disciples. Not to mention Lai Huabei and the others, even people like Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng would find it difficult to enter. If the Greater One Heavenly Palace didn't take special care of them, they wouldn't be qualified at all.
When Lai Huabei said this, the other academy disciples also felt very discouraged.
"Let's just return to the Seven Stars Province …"
"It's such a long journey, how could it be easy to return?"
Even for Nirvana Realm experts, crossing a large province wasn't easy. With their cultivation, even returning to their hometown was very difficult.
Seeing the dejected looks of these academy disciples, Luo Zheng smiled, "Don't be depressed, there will always be a way. Let's first understand the situation before making a decision."
No matter how bad the situation was, this was still the territory of the human race, at least there was no danger to their lives.
The towering mountains were like pieces of the sky above everyone's head, these mountains were terrifyingly tall. After walking along the path between the mountains for 300 miles, a towering wall appeared in front of everyone.
This wall was grayish brown, faintly emitting a metallic luster.
The strangest thing was that on the huge wall, there were swords stuck …
There were all kinds of swords, long, curved, thin, wide. There were broken swords, and there were also swords embedded with gems. Among them, there were some swords that looked very precious, but without exception, they were all firmly stuck on the wall.
And below the huge wall, there was a crowd gathered.
Most of these people were Great Perfection Real Gods. They each occupied their own territory and seemed to be waiting for something.
"What wall is this?" Lai Huabei asked curiously.
Some academy disciples also didn't understand, but Yue Baicheng said, "I've heard of this before, this is the famous sword wall!"
"What do you mean?"
"Why are there so many swords hanging on it?" Some academy disciples asked.
Yue Baicheng looked up at the sword wall and said, "Great Yi Heaven Palace is located in the Center God Province, as a traditional large force of the human race, there are millions of people coming to worship every day. However, Great Yi Heaven Palace can't conduct an assessment every day, so they erected a wall here. Crossing this sword wall is the first step to joining Great Yi Heaven Palace."
Luo Zheng stared at the wall and asked, "This wall isn't that easy to cross, right?"
"It's easy to say it's easy, but it's also not easy to say it's not easy," Yue Baicheng said with a solemn expression, "If your compatibility with the sword is high, you can naturally succeed in one step. If not, I'm afraid you won't be able to cross this wall in your lifetime …"
Compatibility?
Hearing this, Luo Zheng remembered that Ling Shuang had mentioned this before. So Great Yi Heaven Palace's disciples relied on this wall to test their compatibility?
But according to what Ling Shuang said, if one could comprehend the Dao with one thought, it would mean 100% compatibility. He was very compatible with the sword, so it shouldn't be a problem for him to cross this wall, but it might be difficult for others.
"Scram! This is our territory, trash like you can go to the back and die! "
Just then, a berating voice was heard.
Luo Zheng turned his head to look and saw over twenty young men coming over aggressively. The leading young man in black carried two crossed swords on his back, his eyes faintly revealing a cold aura. This person was actually berating the academy disciples.
"Your territory? Your territory is engraved with your name? "Qiu Yi heard this and his face darkened.
When had they ever been bullied in Dao Sword Palace?

Chapter 2689
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Conflict
In the eyes of the young man in black, these disciples in green came from nowhere. They were the kind of lowly commoners that were not worth his attention.
Hearing Qiu Yi's rebuttal, the young man in black was surprised. He sneered, "You don't know the rules. You're looking for death!"
Then, the young man in black slammed his palm towards Qiu Yi.
This palm contained a trace of cold sharpness. If Qiu Yi was hit by this palm, he would probably be frozen into an ice sculpture in an instant. He would be reduced to a pile of flesh and blood. He actually wanted to kill Qiu Yi.
After all, Qiu Yi was a newcomer and did not understand the situation.
Even in the Taoist Sword Palace, no one attacked as they pleased. However, this young man in black wanted to kill!
In a moment of desperation, Qiu Yi twisted his body and used the Qingfeng Sword in front of him to block the attack.
"Bang!"
As this palm struck out, a piercing cold air spread out along with the momentum.
Qiuyton felt a trace of coldness coming from his right hand. Then, half of his body stopped moving. He had been frozen.
The young man in black had no intention of stopping. After the palm came out, he changed the direction of his palm and slammed it towards Qiu Yi. He wanted to kill Qiu Yi on the spot!
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Like a phantom, he flashed forward and grabbed Qiu Yi by the collar. He helped Qiu Yi to avoid the attack. At the same time, he said, "If you have something to say, we can talk it out. Why do you have to kill him?"
The young man in black looked at Luo Zheng coldly and laughed, "Who do you think you are? What right do you have to talk nicely to me? "
Traces of the True Meaning of Dao gathered and the palm prints in the sky came down on Luo Zheng.
A sharp glint flashed across Luo Zheng's eyes. He did not dodge the palm print at all. Instead, he charged toward the black-clothed youth.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Several palm prints hit him and formed layers of ice on the surface of his body. However, Luo Zheng's body shook slightly and the ice broke. It did not affect him at all.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had arrived in front of the black-clothed youth. His right hand shot out like lightning.
The black-clothed youth didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be so fierce. His face was slightly startled. Suddenly, he unsheathed the two swords on his back and slashed towards Luo Zheng from both sides. "Sword Force Condensation!"
This killer move of his was a combination of the Profound Ice Divine Dao and the Eternal Sword Intent. Wherever the sword aura passed, everything would be frozen and hard, and in the end, everything would be cleanly cut into pieces.
Seeing that Luo Zheng still had no intention of dodging, the black-clothed youth revealed a cold smile.
However, Luo Zheng's actions were still beyond his expectations. Both of his hands shot out like a venomous snake, accurately grabbing the two long swords and releasing a huge force.
"Crack, crack!"
The two swords were broken by Luo Zheng.
Before the black-clothed youth could react, Luo Zheng's palm landed on the black-clothed youth's chest.
"Pu!"
The black-clothed youth flew out and fell heavily on the ground.
Dizzy from the fall, he struggled to raise his head and said with a ferocious expression, "Do you know who I am? You're dead for sure after provoking me. "
"I'm dead for sure?" Luo Zheng touched his nose as if he had heard the funniest joke.
The black-clothed youth was about to speak when Luo Zheng waved his hand and a gust of strong wind went straight to the black-clothed youth.
An invisible force drilled into his mouth. His teeth were suddenly smashed into pieces by the invisible force, and blood flowed out.
"What right do you have to talk to me?" Luo Zheng stood beside the black-clothed youth and said while looking down at him.
"Zeng!"
"Zeng!"
"Zeng!"
The black-clothed youth led more than 20 people and pulled out the long swords in their hands.
These people came from the same family. The surging aura of True Meaning mixed with the icy intent spread out, and immediately, the surroundings fell into a severe winter.
"Whoosh!"
One of them stood between Luo Zheng and the black-clothed youth and said, "This is our Wang Family's Young Lord! If he's injured, you're dead for sure. If you know how to rein in the horse at the edge of the cliff and kneel down and beg for mercy, the Wang Family may let you off … "
"Pa!"
Before this person could finish speaking, Luo Zheng had already slapped him.
This slap seemed casual, but it was actually extremely powerful and fast. The other party was simply unable to dodge, and his whole body spun a few rounds in the air before falling to the ground.
"Trash doesn't have the right to speak. I don't know who doesn't think they're trash. Feel free to come and try," Luo Zheng said with a layer of frost on his face.
These people from the Wang Family couldn't see how Luo Zheng attacked. Although they pulled out their swords, their eyes flashed with a touch of fear. Especially the Wang Family's Young Lord, who had already climbed up with the help of others. He stared at Luo Zheng as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng in one bite.
But just as he said, it was useless to say anything if he wasn't strong enough.
At this moment, a few white figures suddenly appeared on top of the tall sword wall.
These figures were all wearing white robes with long swords on their backs. They all went straight to Luo Zheng.
When the Wang Family's Young Lord saw these white figures, it was as if he had seen his saviors. His eyes suddenly lit up and he shouted in a muffled voice, "Brother! I'm here! "
These white-robed youths were full of vigor. Although they weren't in the Nirvana Realm, the Sword Fate's Eternal True Meaning faintly revealed that they were only one step away from the Nirvana Realm.
As soon as these people appeared, the originally noisy scene suddenly became silent.
The leading white-robed youth flew down and scolded with an impatient look on his face, "Whoever dares to make trouble under the wall, kill without mercy!"
Wang Shaoqi immediately said, "Brother! He was the one who wanted to kill me just now … "
The white-robed youth behind the white-robed elder was Wang Shaoqi's brother, Wang Ze. Wang Ze was two years older than his brother and had already entered the sword wall before his brother.
After looking at his brother's injuries, he turned his head to look at Luo Zheng. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You, you wanted to kill my brother?"
"No," Luo Zheng said with a slight smile.
Wang Ze was slightly stunned and mocked, "You dare to do it but don't dare to admit it? Do you think you'll be fine if you deny it? "
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng continued, "I'm telling the truth. If I really wanted to kill him, he would have become a corpse by now. Moreover, this kind of trash isn't even qualified for me to kill!"
A trace of malice appeared between Wang Shaoan's eyebrows. He sneered and said, "Interesting! Under the sword wall, it's rare to see such ignorant people. "
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. He said with a cold tone, "I also think it's quite interesting. It's rare to see so many trash appearing one after another!"

Chapter 2690
Bombardment
There was a reason why they were called pariahs.
The Greater One Heavenly Palace occupied the Center God Province, giving birth to countless branches, and among these countless branches, there were countless families.
Surrounding the Center God Province, there were also a large number of humans. These humans wanted to join the Greater One Heavenly Palace as if they were on a pilgrimage.
In fact, the sword wall was not the first checkpoint to enter the Greater One Heavenly Palace. There were several checkpoints outside this mountain range, and after a simple screening, eighty percent of the people were stopped outside.
Luo Zheng and these disciples came down directly from the Great Yi Mountain, so naturally they skipped those checkpoints and came to the sword wall.
In the eyes of the natives of the Center God Province, anyone outside the Center God Province was a pariah.
The other onlookers saw this situation and were faintly worried for Luo Zheng, including Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and others. After all, this was their territory.
Wang Ze's eyes flashed with a dangerous glint, staring at Luo Zheng and sneered, "You dare to provoke me?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, "I never provoke trash."
"It seems that in your eyes, I'm not trash." Wang Ze sneered meaningfully.
Luo Zheng ignored him and replied, "You might even be worse than trash."
The white-robed youth at the back laughed again, "Wang Ze, if you can't win against him, do you plan to keep such a pariah?"
The killing intent in Wang Ze's eyes grew stronger and stronger, "I said, if you cause trouble at the sword wall, I'll kill you. I'll give you one last chance, kneel here and kowtow a hundred times to me and my brother, and cripple your dantian, then you can live. Otherwise, I can only take your life according to the rules!"
"That kid is finished …"
"I think he should just obediently cripple his dantian. Fighting with the people of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, he really doesn't know what's good for him!"
"If his cultivation is crippled, he's not much different from a dead person. He'll probably be killed as soon as he leaves here!"
"This is the result of offending the Wang family!"
When the others saw this scene, they looked at Luo Zheng with a faint pity in their eyes.
Yue Baicheng saw that the matter was getting bigger and bigger, and knew that the situation was very troublesome.
He took a deep breath and stepped forward to persuade them. "It's just a small matter. We can each take a step back. We can compensate …"
"Who do you think you are? Get lost! "Wang Ze shouted.
In the end, he was still an eighth stage character. His sharp aura burst out like sharp swords stabbing towards Yue Baicheng. Yue Baicheng's face paled and he retreated a few steps, almost sitting on the ground.
Luo Zheng stared at Wang Ze in front of him. His heart grew colder and colder, and his face was covered with a layer of frost. He suddenly sneered and said, "What a good 'rules'. Are all the people of the Heavenly Palace as unreasonable as you?"
"It seems that you don't intend to compromise." Wang Ze slowly drew his sword from behind his back. "Of course the Heavenly Palace has its reasons, but there is only one reason. Trash like you deserve to die!"
"Hua!"
Piercing cold air bloomed in all directions. The cold air contained the Sword Will of Eternity. It turned into frost rhombus swords and kept compressing into his longsword.
Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent when he felt this powerful aura.
This Wang Ze's aura was similar to Dongfang Chunjun's. Perhaps it was slightly weaker, but not by much.
When those frost rhombus swords were compressed, Wang Ze's figure moved and turned into a gust of wind that swept towards Luo Zheng. Whether it was the timing or the posture, they were all precise.
"Whoosh!"
This sword was aimed at Luo Zheng's forehead. He really wanted to take Luo Zheng's life.
"Dao of nature …"
Wang Ze was not a Nirvana Realm elite. Luo Zheng did not need to use the Sword of Tengshe and the Imperial Sword Seal.
However, as someone from the Center God Province, Wang Ze's True Meaning Divine Ability was also extremely powerful!
What Luo Zheng lacked was a Divine Ability that could use the True Meaning of Dao!
Wang Ze and Luo Zheng retreated. The two swept past everyone's heads like a gust of wind chasing after strong grass.
In the blink of an eye, the two had circled around in such a large area. The people below were afraid of being affected, so they all hid.
"You'll die no matter where you run!"
Wang Ze looked at Luo Zheng with disdain as he kept retreating. The tip of his sword turned slightly.
The frost rhombus swords compressed in Wang Ze's longsword flew out and scattered in all directions. After rolling a few times, they surrounded Luo Zheng. This time, Luo Zheng had nowhere to run!
Seeing these frost rhombus swords stabbing towards him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and the energy of Dao Fusion dissipated.
At this moment, he did not retreat. Instead, he charged towards Wang Ze!
"After giving up on running, you want to fight to the death?" Wang Ze sneered. "Then I'll grant you death! Sword Annihilation Force! "
Facing Luo Zheng's sudden attack, Wang Ze suddenly waved his longsword. The frost rhombus swords that were shooting towards Luo Zheng suddenly exploded into tens of thousands of sharp fragments. An extremely cold aura mixed with the fragments of the rhombus swords enveloped Luo Zheng.
This "Sword Annihilation Force" was his Wang family's ultimate technique. Once it was successfully activated, it would take the opponent's life.
Within this area, it was a dead zone!
When Lai Huabei and the others saw Luo Zheng submerged in the white frost, the corners of their mouths couldn't help but tremble.
Even Qiu Yi's eyes were filled with sorrow. Even though Qiu Yi was jealous of Luo Zheng's talent, he had shown great loyalty on Taiyi Mountain. At the very least, he was fully qualified to stay on Taiyi Mountain. He had only left for the sake of these students who didn't want to be locked up.
"That kid is dead, right?" a white-robed disciple said calmly.
"The Sword Annihilation Force can be considered a true legacy of the Wang family. Its power is not bad," another white-robed disciple sighed.
A carefree smile appeared on Wang Shaoqi's face. He could imagine Luo Zheng being sliced to pieces by the frost.
Within the white mist, the temperature plummeted. Luo Zheng could feel the murderous intent coming from all directions.
Not only did his speed slow down, but the sharp shards hidden in the cold intent were constantly cutting at his body. Even the True Meaning of Nature could not avoid these shards.
If it had been anyone else, they would have been sliced to pieces in the blink of an eye. However, Luo Zheng was no ordinary person. His body glowed with a faint golden light, exuding a mysterious aura, and shattered the fragments of the rhombus sword into powder!
"Whoosh!"
In the next moment, Luo Zheng rushed out of the white mist.
Outside the white mist, Wang Ze's expression stiffened when he saw Luo Zheng come out unscathed.
He could sense Luo Zheng's form in the white mist. He was wondering why Luo Zheng's body hadn't been sliced to pieces. Then, he saw Luo Zheng come out unscathed. There wasn't even a trace of blood on his body. This was completely beyond Wang Ze's expectations.
When Wang Ze saw Luo Zheng's long sword flickering with the luster of Dao Fusion energy, his pupils suddenly shrank.
With his experience, he naturally couldn't recognize Dao Fusion energy. However, the violent aura contained in this energy reminded him of the power of this sword …
"I wonder who gave who the death sentence is?"
Luo Zheng said indifferently.

Chapter 2691
CHAPTER 2691 - CHAPTER 2691
Stop!
"I wonder who's the one who's going to die?"
Luo Zheng's voice echoed in Wang Ze's ears.
At this moment, there was fear in Wang Ze's heart …
From the moment he came out of the wall, Wang Ze didn't put anyone in his eyes.
He had crossed the eighth stage, and the Heavenly Palace had given him many soul pills.
It wouldn't be long before he could enter the Nirvana Realm! He still had a bright future ahead of him!
How could Wang Ze know that death was so close to him?
"No! You can't kill me! "
He almost gave up on escaping, and just roared with all his might.
The white-robed youths saw this scene, and their faces changed greatly. They didn't expect such a sudden change.
"Stop!"
"If you kill Wang Ze, you'll die without a burial place!"
"You're just a lowly commoner, yet you dare to rebel!"
These threatening words were as light as a feather in Luo Zheng's ears, and his sword blasted towards Wang Ze without any suspense.
"Stop!"
At this moment, a white-robed old man appeared above the sword wall. This white-robed old man was a Nirvana Realm expert.
His roar made everyone dizzy, and even Luo Zheng's mood fluctuated a little.
But the sword in his hand still blasted forward without hesitation!
"Boom!"
In everyone's eyes, Wang Ze's whole body emitted a dazzling luster, and his whole body was annihilated under Luo Zheng's sword light.
Wang Ze was dead!
Wang Shaoqi looked at his brother's miserable state, and the corner of his mouth trembled.
The white-robed disciples' faces were also very ugly. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so bold, and actually dared to kill someone here!
"We're in big trouble …" Yue Baicheng said with a frown.
The Academia disciples also looked at each other, but Qiu Yi said, "Hmph, good kill!"
"Whoosh!"
The white-robed old man on the sword wall flew over, pointing at Luo Zheng, and said with a face full of anger, "How dare you, to dare to kill my Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's people under the sword wall, you! You're courting death! "
The white-robed youths also moved closer to the old man. This white-robed old man's status was clearly not low. The white-robed youths all had respectful looks on their faces.
Wang Shaoqi also flew over. With a mournful expression, he said with his toothless mouth, "Senior, you must seek justice for my brother, Wang Ze!"
The hearts of everyone shook when they saw a Paramita Realm expert make an appearance.
Although Luo Zheng had killed Wang Ze, it seemed that he would not be able to escape death …
Luo Zheng stood in the air and looked up at the white-robed old man. His face was full of indifference as he said, "As you said, the one courting death is not me, but Wang Ze!"
"What a joke! Wang Ze has already passed the Sword Wall, so he can barely be considered a member of the Heavenly Palace. He guards the Sword Wall for the Heavenly Palace and maintains order and rules, "a white-robed youth said coldly.
Luo Zheng's eyes were cold and sharp like a sword. "Maintain order and rules? Our group was waiting here, and Wang Ze's younger brother came to find trouble with us. All I did was teach him a lesson, and Wang Ze wanted to use the word 'rules' to take my life. Maintaining order and rules, and using that as an excuse to kill someone. How sharp! He was biased and wanted to take my life. Was I supposed to just stand there and let him kill me? Since he wanted to kill me, he should be prepared to be killed! Wang Ze was not strong enough, so he was naturally courting death! "
His words spread to the surroundings, and the True Gods present whispered to each other.
They had seen the entire process. It was indeed Wang Ze who was not strong enough and courted death!
"What a sharp tongue!" The white robed old man sneered, "But you are not a member of my Heavenly Palace. The difference between your status and Wang Ze's is like the difference between heaven and earth. Status is reason, strength is reason. Daring to kill a disciple of my Heavenly Palace is the same as courting death! You … deserve to die! "
The white-robed old man's surname was also Wang, and he came from the same clan as Wang Ze. How could he let Luo Zheng go with just a few words?
After speaking, the white-robed old man did not hesitate. He stretched out his hand, and a longsword appeared. Pink flowers bloomed from it.
"You're being unreasonable …"
Luo Zheng frowned.
The scene in front of him confirmed Luo Zheng's guess.
In the Realm of the Gods, there were a great number of rules that restricted disciples from killing each other.
Unless there was a life or death grudge between the Realm of the Gods, there were very few deaths from fighting.
The two most intense places were the forbidden area and the Arena of the Gods. But in the Arena of the Gods, no one would truly die. The forbidden area was mainly used to fight against vicious beasts …
In the end, the Realm of the Gods was dominated by the human race. There was not much of a sense of crisis.
But the Origin World was completely different. The human race was not the mainstream, and they had to contend with countless foreign races and monster races. If they wanted to become stronger, if they wanted to conquer other races, the internal disputes would be even more intense!
In the Dao Sword Palace, Luo Zheng had faintly felt this, but he didn't think that it would be even worse in the Greater One Heavenly Palace!
Seeing the white-robed old man about to kill him, Luo Zheng quickly retreated. His fingers were already on his spatial ring. At the same time, the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate began to brew.
The last time he used the Imperial Sword Seal, the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate within his body had disappeared without a trace. But after three or four days, it had slowly recovered.
If this old man really wanted to kill him, he would have no choice but to use this trump card and risk his life!
Besides this trump card, Luo Zheng had another life-saving talisman in his heart. Only he could save that fellow called Mingxuan. Would Lin Zhanting just watch as he was killed?
This was another reason why Luo Zheng was so unscrupulous.
"Play!"
Seeing the white-robed old man activate the pink flower, a gentle aura spread out from his sword.
Others might be bewitched by this gentle aura, and some might even be infatuated as if they had taken a drug. However, Luo Zheng saw the terrifying killing intent hidden in this aura with a single glance. The moment he sensed the killing intent, a thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. He couldn't resist this sword strike at all.
"The Sword of Tengshe … if I use it now, there will be no end to it. But there's no other way!"
Just as Luo Zheng's fingers were on his spatial ring and he was about to take out the Sword of Tengshe, a cool breeze gently blew.
This breeze was very light, but when it hit them in the face, it immediately made them feel refreshed!
Everyone who was originally in a daze felt a cool breeze on their faces, and their minds suddenly became clear.
At the same time, a faint voice sounded, "Wang Xiao, you can't kill this person …"
Along with the voice, another young man appeared. This young man wore an azure robe and had an indifferent expression.
"Why! Wang Ze can't die in vain! "Wang Xiao said stubbornly.
The long sword in his hand was still swung towards Luo Zheng, and a wisp of pink wind swept towards Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Wang Xiao was so disobedient, the indifferent young man's face suddenly twisted. His originally calm body suddenly moved, and the originally calm young man suddenly exploded with a terrifying power, smashing a fist on the white-robed old man.
"Boom!"
In the next moment, the white-robed old man was embedded into the mountain wall.

Chapter 2692
Toying with
Wang Xiao was already a god-like figure in everyone's heart. After being punched out of the wall by this youth, the sword wind that was originally heading towards Luo Zheng also dissipated.
Seeing this scene, everyone was shocked. At the same time, they were also quite curious.
From this youth's tone, he seemed to be acquainted with Luo Zheng? Did he want to save Luo Zheng?
Who would have thought that after doing all this, the youth would only coldly glance at Luo Zheng before flying towards the top of the sword wall.
Wang Xiao struggled in the mountain wall for a while, and then came out.
His wrinkled face was filled with a fierce aura. He fiercely glared at Luo Zheng before leaving with a flick of his sleeves.
It was obvious that Wang Xiao wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole. However, that youth had already warned him. Wang Xiao also knew the consequences of attacking Luo Zheng now, so he could only temporarily give up.
Anyone could see that Wang Xiao would definitely not let this matter go.
Those white-robed youths did not leave with Wang Xiao. The last white-robed youth floated towards Luo Zheng. He stared at Luo Zheng with a strange smile on his face. "Do you know that you're finished? If you leave now, Banner Lord Wang will definitely hunt you down. If you cross the sword wall, you'll also die. Heh heh heh … "
This white-robed youth was the one who had just made fun of Wang Ze.
Luo Zheng coldly glanced at the white-robed youth and said, "Since you're going to die anyway, what's the point of saying such nonsense to me?"
"Because if you enter the sword wall, I might have to personally deal with you. I'm not trash like Wang Ze. You'll rather die than fall into my hands. You might as well kill yourself." The white-robed youth laughed.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. These people were really arrogant. He sneered and said, "My life has always been here. If you have the ability, come and take it away. However, I think trash like you and Wang Ze are just ordinary trash. You're not qualified!"
The white-robed youth's eyes flashed with a cold light, but when he thought of Wang Xiao's fate, he restrained himself in the end. "An arrogant lowly commoner like you won't be able to survive more than three days in the sword wall. I hope you can come in as soon as possible. Remember my name, my name is Zhao Hao!"
After saying that, his sleeves fluttered, and he was about to leave with the other white-robed youths. Those white-robed youths looked at Luo Zheng with indifferent eyes. In their hearts, Luo Zheng was no different from a dead man. It was only a matter of time before he died.
"Wait!" Luo Zheng suddenly shouted.
Zhao Hao turned his head and gave Luo Zheng a strange look. "Do you have any last words? There's no need for you to beg for mercy. Banner Lord Wang won't let you go, so we won't let you go either. "
"What's your name?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Zhao Hao," Zhao Hao replied.
"What?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"My name is Zhao …" Zhao Hao replied halfway. He finally understood that Luo Zheng was playing with him.
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of apology. "I'm sorry, my memory is bad. I usually can't remember the names of trash."
The crowd below the sword wall immediately burst into laughter.
Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and the other disciples also didn't dare to laugh out loud. Lai Huabei laughed in a low voice. "I didn't know that brother Luo Zheng would play with people like this …"
"You, you're looking for death!" Zhao Hao's face was dyed with a dark red color.
The other white-robed youths also revealed a murderous look in their eyes. Every time they came to the sword wall to maintain order, they were always in the limelight. This time, not only was Wang Ze killed by this person, he was also humiliated. How could they tolerate this?
Seeing that Zhao Hao's aura was increasing rapidly and was about to attack, the white-robed youth beside him pulled him back and said, "Zhao Hao, Master Lu just attacked. We can't kill him here."
Master Lu, who had attacked Wang Xiao before, had a high status. He was definitely not someone these white-robed youths could provoke.
"Don't be impulsive. When he enters the sword wall, we have a hundred ways to kill him." Another white-robed youth glanced at Luo Zheng and then sneered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng looked at the white-robed youth with a smile and asked, "What's your name?"
The white-robed youth was about to answer, but thinking of Luo Zheng's previous teasing, his face darkened slightly. He snorted, and the white-robed youths flew away.
After these people left, Luo Zheng slowly descended from the air.
Wang Shaoqi saw that his brother was killed and Wang Xiao retreated. Now he also had a disheartened look. He was about to secretly leave with his people when Luo Zheng suddenly said, "You, wait a minute."
Wang Shaoqi's shoulders shook. He turned his head and asked vaguely, "Wh, what's the matter …"
The people he brought were also trembling with fear. Luo Zheng, this monster, could even casually kill people like Wang Ze. How could these people be qualified to challenge Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng stared at Wang Shaoqi and asked, "What's your compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent?"
Wang Shaoqi thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't let him go. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to ask this. He answered without hesitation, "Twenty, twenty percent …"
"Only twenty percent?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
This compatibility was very low. Although the Towering Sword couldn't measure the compatibility, it could be roughly estimated based on the first recitation of the True Meaning of Dao.
For example, Luo Zheng comprehended the Dao with a single thought, and his compatibility was 100%. For example, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng, who could recite more than four thousand words at a time, their compatibility was about 40% or even higher.
This Wang Family Young Master's talent was really low. It was only 20%.
Even if Wang Shaoqi was placed in the Dao Sword Palace, he could only be considered a mediocre talent.
When the other disciples heard this, their hearts skipped a beat. They immediately understood what Luo Zheng meant.
With Luo Zheng's talent, crossing the Sword Wall was a sure thing. The disciples didn't doubt it at all. But what about the others? Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng might be able to pass, but the other dozens of disciples would have a hard time.
However, Wang Shaoqi's compatibility was only 20%. If he wanted to cross the Sword Wall, it meant that the Sword Wall's difficulty was very low, or that there were other ways to make up for the compatibility …
"If it's only 20%, it should be very difficult to cross the Sword Wall. I think you're very confident?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Wang Shaoqi nodded. "I spent many years cultivating the Eternal True Meaning of Sword Fate. With my compatibility, it is indeed very difficult to cross the Sword Wall. But to be recognized by the Sword Wall, compatibility isn't the only way."
The Sword Wall had stood here for so long, and as a screening barrier, there would eventually be many people who were unwilling to come here to study it. But Greater One Heavenly Palace also turned a blind eye to this, and so there were many crooked and evil ways.
"What other ways are there?" Luo Zheng stared at Wang Shaoqi and asked.