Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.4

Chapter 2693
Sword Comprehension Liquid
Wang Shaoqi said, "Yes, it's Sword Comprehension Liquid! Using it can increase one's compatibility in a short time … "
"Spirit liquid that increases compatibility?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He stared at Wang Shaoqi and asked, "Do you have it?"
Wang Shaoqi was extremely unwilling, but he didn't dare to disobey Luo Zheng. He trembled as he took out a small jade bottle from his spatial ring and said, "I only have this bottle!"
Luo Zheng took the small jade bottle and gently removed the cork on top.
This small jade bottle emitted a pure Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning aura. That aura soared into the sky and was extremely sharp.
"Someone integrated the sword intent into the water." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Yue Baicheng said, "This true intent aura is very similar to brother Luo Zheng's true intent aura."
These disciples had all fought with Luo Zheng before. Through the battle, their souls had felt Luo Zheng's true intent aura, leaving a deep impression. This aura was very similar to the aura of this Sword Comprehension Liquid.
Luo Zheng began to understand the situation.
If one's compatibility wasn't high, then one had to borrow the true intent aura of others. This was also a method.
And from the looks of it, Great One Sky Palace still didn't care about this cheating method …
"Can this Sword Comprehension Liquid be made by oneself?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Wang Shaoqi shook his head and said, "How is that possible? The person who made this Sword Comprehension Liquid has perfect compatibility with the sword intent of Eternal Sword Cloud. How can an ordinary person make a genius that can comprehend the dao with a single thought? This Sword Comprehension Liquid was bought by my Wang family at a high price … "
"If there is perfect compatibility, can you make it yourself?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I don't know." Wang Shaoqi continued to shake his head.
Sword Comprehension Liquid wasn't easy to obtain. The key was that this thing could only increase the compatibility of the sword intent for an instant. Adding on the high price, ordinary people couldn't afford it. Most people would only use it once when crossing the sword wall.
"How many god crystals does this bottle cost?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Twenty thousand," Wang Shaoqi replied.
Hearing this number, the disciples of the academy were speechless.
The Qiu Clan and the Yue Bai Clan were great clans that had established the foundations of the Dao Sword Palace, but in the face of such a high price, it was likely that they would not be able to afford it.
Those disciples were originally interested in the Sword Comprehension Fluid, but now they gave up on the idea. They couldn't expect to spend 20,000 divinity crystals on each disciple, could they?
There were close to a hundred disciples here. If each of them had a bottle of Sword Enlightenment Liquid, it would be two million Divinity Gems. This was an astronomical figure!
"I'll take this bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid. Are you okay with that?" Luo Zheng said.
The corner of Wang Shaoqi's mouth twitched. Even as the young master of the Wang family, this bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid made his heart ache.
But he did not have the ability to refuse. Wang Ze had died here, but the Greater One Heavenly Palace did not pursue the matter, and Wang Shaoqi had not even climbed over the sword wall. He was insignificant to the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
"No, no objection …" Wang Shaoqi shook his head and said.
After giving the Sword Comprehension Liquid to Luo Zheng, Wang Shaoqi turned to leave with his people.
"Did I say you could leave?" Luo Zheng said lightly.
Wang Shaoqi had nowhere to vent his depression, but he had no choice but to be manipulated by Luo Zheng. Thinking that Luo Zheng was already a dead man, he comforted himself and turned his head to ask, "Is there anything else …"
"Everyone here has the same Sword Comprehension Liquid as you?" Luo Zheng asked again.
In the open square below the sword wall, there were close to 30,000 people gathered. Most of them exuded ordinary Qi of Truth. In Luo Zheng's opinion, the chances of these people passing the sword wall were very low. But it was impossible for everyone to have such pure Sword Comprehension Liquid, right? Ordinary people could not take out so many Divinity Gems.
"Of course not. The Sword Comprehension Liquid has its own purity. The diluted Sword Comprehension Liquid is not expensive," Wang Shaoqi said.
"Do you have diluted Sword Comprehension Liquid? Let me take a look, "Luo Zheng said again.
Wang Shaoqi wailed in his heart. This guy could not keep extorting him, right? After thinking for a while, he gritted his teeth and said, "I do. If I give it to you, will you let us go?"
"Sure," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Wang Shaoqi winked at someone beside him. One of them came forward and handed his small jade bottle to Wang Shaoqi. Wang Shaoqi handed it to Luo Zheng and looked at him eagerly.
Luo Zheng waved his hand casually. Wang Shaoqi then ran away with his people as if he had been pardoned.
"The Qi of Truth in this small bottle is much weaker …" Luo Zheng opened the bottle and felt the Sword Comprehension Liquid exuding a faint Sword Intent of Eternity.
Lai Huabei and Yue Baicheng also gathered around.
"Brother Luo Zheng, according to our talents, this sword wall is nothing. But the Sword Comprehension Liquid is so expensive. I'm afraid it's a waste," Lai Huabei said.
Most of the disciples already had thoughts of giving up when faced with this sword wall. Seeing Luo Zheng worry for them, they were touched. But Luo Zheng had sacrificed too much.
But Luo Zheng never gave up on something he set his mind on.
He smiled and said, "Although I don't know the formula of this Sword Comprehension Liquid, I think it must be used to absorb the Sword Intent of Eternity through some kind of spirit liquid. I don't have this spirit liquid, but I do have this!"
After saying that, he put his hand on the mouth of the small jade bottle. A stream of Qi formed into a spiral. That was the Sword Intent of Eternity that Luo Zheng was brewing.
The Qi of Truth spiraled in his palm and went into the small jade bottle. Even the Sword Comprehension Liquid inside started to spin.
He didn't know what this spirit liquid was, but it actually merged with the Qi of Truth!
"It's similar to what I thought …" Luo Zheng felt the changes in the bottle and the corners of his mouth curled up.
The Sword Comprehension Liquid was really expensive because it had a perfect compatibility with the Qi of Truth. The spirit liquid itself was not difficult to concoct. After concocting this spirit liquid, one had to find geniuses to infuse their Qi of Truth into it and merge it with the spirit liquid.
Those who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought were all very valuable. The price to get them to do it was naturally huge. Naturally, the price would be expensive.
"This bottle is for you." Luo Zheng threw the small jade bottle into Lai Huabei's hand. At the same time, he said, "It should be similar to Wang Shaoqi's bottle."
"It's about the same as your bottle …" Lai Huabei was stunned and said excitedly, "But it's too, too expensive. I can't use it. Brother Luo Zheng, you should sell it. It's worth twenty thousand Divine Crystals!"

Chapter 2694
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Opening of the Sword Wall
"Take it. I don't lack divine crystals," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
He still had a huge sum of money on hand. Divine crystals were nothing to him.
However, after he handed the bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid to Lai Huabei, the other disciples' gazes became heated.
They did not expect to pass the Sword Wall. However, with this Sword Comprehension Liquid, the possibility became infinitely high. After all, Wang Shaoqi's talent was not high.
Although Luo Zheng could perfect the ordinary Sword Comprehension Liquid, he did not have any extra liquid.
The disciples were all eager. Although they did not speak, their thoughts were written on their faces.
Luo Zheng looked at the crowd waiting not far away and had an idea.
He casually walked towards a group of people. The scene that Luo Zheng had just witnessed under the sword wall had left a deep impression on these people. When they saw Luo Zheng, there was naturally a trace of fear in their eyes.
"I want to make a deal with you," Luo Zheng said.
"What, what deal?" a middle-aged man asked.
Luo Zheng held onto Wang Shaoqi's bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid, "This is a bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid with a perfect True Meaning aura. If you want to exchange this for diluted Sword Comprehension Liquid, the more diluted the better."
As he spoke, he opened the jade bottle and let the aura rush out.
When the others saw the jade bottle, their eyes lit up!
Sword Comprehension Liquid was a very deceptive item. The diluted Sword Comprehension Liquid was only one percent of the original Sword Comprehension Liquid. The difference in price was like heaven and earth!
"How many bottles do you want to exchange?" the middle-aged man asked.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "Name your price."
The middle-aged man thought for a while, then turned his head and said, "Give me your Sword Comprehension Liquid. We will give up on the Sword Wall for today!"
The 30 people behind him were obviously from the same faction. When they heard the middle-aged man's words, they did not have any objections. They all took out the jade bottles in their hands.
Luo Zheng noticed that the jade bottles were all the same. He guessed that all the Sword Comprehension Liquid was bought from the same place. He did not know which faction sold the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
If he had the chance, he could also make Sword Comprehension Liquid and sell it.
The 30 or so people gathered their jade bottles in the hands of the middle-aged man. The middle-aged man then placed the bottles in front of Luo Zheng and said, "These are all of our Sword Comprehension Liquid. There is not a single bottle left. How about we trade with you?"
The middle-aged man also knew that Luo Zheng was at a disadvantage in this deal, so he didn't have much confidence. He could only express his sincerity. He really couldn't take out more.
"Sure. that." Luo Zheng smiled.
The middle-aged man was overjoyed. After taking Luo Zheng's jade bottle, he left with his men without another word. There were chances to climb over the wall every day, but such a bargain was not every day. If he sold Luo Zheng's bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid, he could earn at least 70% of the profits.
. sword. Sword Sword Sword Immortal Sword Sword Sword Sword Art Nai Sword Sword Sword Sword Translation's Sword Sword Sword's Sword Sword Sword Sword sword Sword sword Sword sword sword Sword Sword sword Sword Sword sword Sword Sword
"Hu …"
The aura of True Intent spiraled and went straight into the small bottle.
Soon, a bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid was "created" by Luo Zheng. With a smile on his face, he walked towards another group of people...
After three rounds, Luo Zheng had exchanged for more than 100 bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid. The only thing left was to perfect the diluted Sword Comprehension Liquid.
The disciples gathered in a circle and looked at Luo Zheng. It was as if he was performing a magic trick.
"Brother Luo Zheng, using his Qi of True Intent to make money. I wonder how much he can make?"
"In a few days, he will become a millionaire!"
"This is using talent to make money. No one can take it away from him..
The disciples of the academy were all envious of him.
Yue Baicheng said, "Brother Luo Zheng can make Sword Comprehension Liquid for us to use. However, it will be difficult to sell it in large quantities."
"Why?" Qiu Yi asked.
"These small bottles come from the same workshop, which means that everyone comes to this workshop to buy and sell. I'm afraid that they have long monopolized the market. I'm guessing that Greater Yi Heavenly Palace is the one selling it. Otherwise, how could the Heavenly Palace tolerate such an unfair situation? If Brother Luo Zheng takes it out to sell, there will be problems. "Yue Baicheng analyzed.
Luo Zheng released his True Intent of Dao and nodded. "Yue Baicheng is right. I think so too."
He had already guessed this, but Yue Baicheng was more comprehensive than him. Luo Zheng agreed that it was Greater One Heavenly Palace that was selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
At least for now, Luo Zheng's impression of Greater One Heavenly Palace had been greatly reduced. They would definitely do such a thing.
"Yours."
"Yours."
"Yours..
. "Luo Zheng threw bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid to the crowd.
The heavy jadeite bottles made every disciple overjoyed. One bottle was worth twenty thousand God crystals. They would never have such an expensive item in their lifetime.
After the Sword Comprehension Liquid was distributed, they began to ponder.
"How do we use this?"
"Rub it on the sword?"
"We should drink it directly..
. "Luo Zheng did not know how to use it, but since so many people here had Sword Comprehension Liquid, they should know how to use it.
Everyone waited patiently for an hour. At this time, the giant wall not far away suddenly trembled.
"Rumble..
. "As the giant wall trembled, the people waiting suddenly became excited.
"It has begun!"
"God bless me. I must pass this time!"
"This is the most important challenge in my life!"
There were people old and young, men and women under the sword wall. Some of them had been trapped on this side of the wall for countless years. Every time it happened, it was a great challenge for them.
As the sword wall continued to tremble, the swords that were originally attached to it fell off.
"Ding ding dang dang..
. "The swords collided with each other and fell. After falling to a certain distance, all the swords seemed to have a mind of their own. They flew towards the wall like a rain of swords.
In the blink of an eye, the swords that were attached to the wall disappeared completely.
At this time, a white-robed youth walked out of the sword wall and said in a low voice, "The sword wall has been opened. Those who are interested in joining the Heavenly Palace, hang your swords on the wall and you will be able to cross this sword wall."
Hearing the white-robed youth's words, the disciples were stunned. The rules were much simpler than they had imagined.
"It should not be difficult."
"Do not let your guard down. It is not that easy to leave a sword on the wall."
"..

Chapter 2695
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Banner Lord
When the other disciples saw this, they followed suit and drank their Sword Enlightenment Liquid in one gulp.
The Sword Comprehension Liquid in the hands of the disciples was much purer than the others. After drinking the liquid, the Sword Comprehension Liquid emitted a strong aura of True Meaning.
Most of the disciples had yet to fully comprehend the Sword Essence of Eternity. However, after drinking the Sword Enlightenment Liquid, they could feel a surge of Sword Essence rushing into their minds. They felt that their understanding of the Sword Essence of Eternity had reached a new level!
If the Sword Comprehension Liquid could be provided without limit, everyone would be able to enter the Sea of True Meaning in a short time.
"Let's go," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Then, some of the disciples followed Luo Zheng and went straight to the Sword Wall.
When Luo Zheng was a hundred feet away from the Sword Wall, a strong repulsive force rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Not only Luo Zheng, but everyone's footsteps also slowed down.
"Hmm?"
In the face of this repulsive force, Luo Zheng only needed to twist his body slightly to adapt to it. His speed immediately returned to normal.
Most people began to stagger. On the contrary, the disciples were in a much better situation because of the Sword Comprehension Liquid …
Tens of thousands of people approached the Sword Wall together. Ninety-nine percent of them slowed down. Only a few stood out, and Luo Zheng was one of them.
Other than Luo Zheng, there were two women walking behind Luo Zheng. On the right was a young man in plain clothes. They were as relaxed as Luo Zheng, as if they could not feel the pressure from the Sword Wall at all.
The human race is very powerful. Every day, tens of thousands of people try to enter the Sword Wall. There are always some treasures. I wonder if these people have taken the Sword Comprehension Liquid, Luo Zheng thought to himself.
For people like Luo Zheng, they could cross a distance of a hundred feet in a few breaths.
When they were ten feet away from the Sword Wall, the two women behind them could not bear the pressure and slowed down. On the other hand, the young man in plain clothes on the right was exactly the same as Luo Zheng. He maintained the same pace and looked very relaxed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was sizing him up, the young man in plain clothes greeted him, "Hey …"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "What's the matter?"
"Did you drink the Sword Comprehension Liquid?" the young man in plain clothes asked.
The young man in plain clothes was curious when he saw that Luo Zheng was as relaxed as he was.
"No," Luo Zheng replied simply.
Hearing this answer, a look of surprise appeared on the young man's face. "It seems that your compatibility is very high."
Luo Zheng just smiled faintly.
"Perhaps you can also become a Banner Lord," the linen-clothed youth said.
"Banner Banner Banner Lord? What's that? "
Luo Zheng thought of the white-clothed youths inside the sword wall. They all addressed the old man as Banner Master.
The linen-clothed youth found it strange that Luo Zheng didn't even know this, so he said, "Those who climb over the Sword Wall don't have any authority. Everyone has to rely on a Banner Lord, so after crossing the Sword Wall, you either rely on a Banner Lord or become a Banner Lord yourself."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. "How do you become a Banner Lord?"
"Here, hang your sword on the uppermost layer," the plain-clothed youth said.
The sword wall was very tall, but it was divided into six layers.
Luo Zheng had also noticed that the sword wall was densely covered with swords, but the higher he went, the fewer swords there were.
"At the top, right?" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Previously, Luo Zheng had only wanted to climb over the sword wall, but now that the young man in plain clothes had mentioned the "Banner Master", he had changed his mind.
Thinking of the guy named "Wang Xiao", Luo Zheng didn't plan to join any of the Banner Lords, so he could only make himself a Banner Lord.
After making up his mind, Luo Zheng had already arrived in front of the sword wall. He took a deep breath, and his body spread out like a giant roc. Then, he rapidly ascended upwards!
"This speed …" The plain-clothed youth was shocked at this scene.
The plain-clothed youth was originally very proud. He came from a large family in the northern part of the Center God Province, and his compatibility with the Eternal Sword Intent had reached 70%. He originally thought that Luo Zheng might be a little weaker than him, but seeing Luo Zheng's figure fly upwards, he couldn't help sucking in a breath of cold air.
"Xiu!"
The sword wall was a wall used by Greater One Heavenly Palace to screen the general public, and not to screen out geniuses.
Although the higher Luo Zheng flew, the greater the pressure from the sword wall, but this pressure itself was derived from the Eternal Sword Intent, so it didn't pose much pressure on Luo Zheng.
In the blink of an eye, he had reached the top of the sword wall.
"This speed …" The plain-clothed youth stared blankly.
At the top of the sword wall stood a row of white-clothed youths. Zhao Hao, who had previously retreated, was among them.
Seeing Luo Zheng fly to the top of the sword wall, his eyes revealed a faint killing intent.
"Looks like this kid is planning to become a Banner Lord?"
"Heh heh heh, a Banner Lord without a background, isn't he courting death? If he defected to another Banner Lord, it might be a little troublesome, but becoming a Banner Lord by himself is courting death! "
"… …"
Although Banner Lords enjoyed more power, they also had to pay more responsibilities.
Unless they had a great background, most people would obediently submit to another Banner Lord.
"Enough!"
Luo Zheng reached the top of the sword wall, and the long sword in his hand suddenly turned, slamming towards the sword wall.
"Clang!"
With a crisp sound, the long sword in his hand ruthlessly slammed into the sword wall.
This sword wall was like a giant magnet, firmly attracting the long sword to it.
Luo Zheng flipped over, standing firmly on top of the sword wall, and at the same time looking down.
The plain-clothed youth and the other two girls had also begun to climb, and it seemed that they weren't having an easy time.
As for the others, their performance was even worse. Most of them were already struggling when they were three hundred feet away from the sword wall. On the contrary, the disciples of the academy were performing better than the others because they had consumed the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng were already close to the sword wall, and Qiu Siyuan and the rest were following closely behind. Even Lai Huabei was only seven to eight feet away from the sword wall.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief. He estimated that all the disciples of the academy would pass.
He wondered what Qiu Hanyan's expression would be when she saw this.
Then, Luo Zheng turned his head and looked inside the sword wall. Behind the sword wall was a wide open space, and there were hundreds of people gathered in this open space. These people were all Nirvana Realm masters.
From the aura they emitted, they should be people who had just entered the Nirvana Realm.
In their hands, each of them held a metal flagpole. On the flagpole, there was a flag that was unfurled in the wind, and on the flag, there were different surnames.
"Yao!"
"Chen!"
"Mu!"
These people were the so-called Banner Lords?

Chapter 2696
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Banner Masters were depressed.
The other Banner Masters were also looking at Luo Zheng. Some of them had looks of interest in their eyes.
Luo Zheng was the first person to climb over the Sword Wall. He was definitely a delicious cake in the eyes of the Banner Masters. If they could recruit him and train him, he would definitely have a bright future.
"Whoosh!"
The dozen or so Banner Masters suddenly raised the flagpoles in their hands and headed straight for the Sword Wall.
"Newcomers to the Sword Wall need to choose a Banner Master to join me. I guarantee you a high position and wealth!"
"I am the Banner Master of Zhuotang. If you choose me, no one here will dare to touch you!"
"Under my banner …"
The Banner Masters all sent out invitations to Luo Zheng, afraid that they would be one step too slow and the other Banner Masters would beat them to it.
At this moment, Zhao Hao flew down from the Sword Wall and said calmly, "Banner Master Wang Xiao said that whoever dares to recruit this brat will become Banner Master Wang's enemy. He hopes that all the Banner Masters will reconsider!"
When the Banner Masters heard Zhao Hao's words, worry appeared on their faces.
There were strong and weak Banner Masters. Among the Banner Masters, Wang Xiao was considered one of the stronger ones. Moreover, Wang Xiao had an even stronger backer.
If they recruited Luo Zheng in exchange for Wang Xiao's enmity, some of the Banner Masters would have to reconsider.
Seeing the Banner Masters retreat, Zhao Hao looked at Luo Zheng with a smug smile. "I already said that if you offend Banner Master Wang, you will definitely regret it!"
However, as soon as he finished speaking, two other Banner Masters stepped forward.
One of them was wearing golden armor. He had a big mouth and a wide forehead. He was more than ten feet tall. He shouted in a rough voice, "Little guy, join me, Hao Lin. I am not afraid of Wang Xiao!"
The other Banner Master was a woman with a slim figure. She said calmly, "You can also join my banner."
There were so many Banner Masters. There were bound to be some who weren't afraid of Wang Xiao. Not only were these two Banner Masters not afraid of Wang Xiao, they were even his enemies. Naturally, they wouldn't take Zhao Hao's words to heart.
The other Banner Masters looked regretful. With these two people stepping forward, the other Banner Masters didn't need to fight.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng cupped his hands toward the two Banner Lords. "Banner Lords, I do not intend to join anyone's banner."
Hao Lin was full of confidence. Originally, he thought that Luo Zheng would agree. After all, he would not accept just anyone. Since this little guy had won first place and had a special affinity with him, he naturally liked him.
Luo Zheng's answer surprised Hao Lin. "You don't plan to join the banner?" He thought for a moment, then asked, "You plan to be a banner leader?"
"That's exactly what I was thinking." Luo Zheng nodded.
This time, it wasn't just Hao Lin. Even the other Banner Masters' expressions turned strange.
Reaching the sixth level of the Sword Wall did indeed give one the qualifications to become a banner master, but most people would not do so.
Banner Masters indeed had greater authority and wouldn't be restricted by other Banner Masters. However, at the same time, they would face more trouble and even conflicts between other Banner Masters. Especially for people like Luo Zheng, who had a conflict with Wang Xiao, the first thing they should do was to seek protection under other Banner Masters.
"In the past, there were many Banner Masters like you who couldn't reach the Nirvana Realm, but it's rare these years. You have a conflict with Wang Xiao. Aren't you afraid of death if you become a Banner Master yourself?" the female Banner Master asked calmly.
Luo Zheng replied calmly, "I haven't reached the Nirvana Realm yet, but I'll be able to in a few days."
"You'll be able to reach the Nirvana Realm in a few days? How confident …" The female Banner Master smiled.
The other Banner Masters also had strange smiles on their faces.
No matter what era it was, the Sea of True Meaning was a challenge for True Gods. However, this young man spoke as if he could pass it as soon as he thought about it.
Those who could easily pass the Sea of True Meaning were probably only the geniuses at the top of the Heavenly Palace. If Luo Zheng really had such talent, he wouldn't be climbing over the Sword Wall here.
"Haha, then I can only wish you good luck!" Hao Lin laughed.
While they were talking, the plain-clothed young man who had been with Luo Zheng also climbed over the Sword Wall. He let out a long sigh.
Hanging the longsword on the fifth level had already taken him a tremendous amount of effort. After he flipped over the sword wall, he looked at Luo Zheng with a faint look of admiration on his face. This fellow had reached the sixth level of the sword wall without any difficulty at all. He even felt that even if the sword wall was three times higher, this fellow would still be able to flip it over.
After the plain-clothed young man had climbed over, the other Banner Masters turned their attention to him. However, the plain-clothed young man flew down and cupped his hands towards Hao Lin. "Uncle Hao Lin, I'm here. However, I didn't get first place …"
If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, the plain-clothed young man would have gotten first place. He had previously promised that he would climb over the Sword Wall with first place.
"Haha, don't blame him. Xiaochen has already performed well." Hao Lin waved his hand.
The other Banner Masters had originally wanted to invite the plain-clothed young man. However, the plain-clothed young man and Hao Lin were family, so they could only give up.
The plain-clothed young man glanced at Luo Zheng and advised, "Friend, joining my Uncle Hao Lin's banner is definitely the right choice. If you choose to be a Banner Master yourself, it will be too difficult. Furthermore, Banner Masters must have at least 50 subordinates. I'm afraid you won't be able to recruit that many people in such a short time."
"He has great ambitions and is not afraid of death. Then let him be," Hao Lin said calmly. Hao Lin was never willing to force people who didn't want to submit to him. However, if Luo Zheng encountered trouble, Hao Lin didn't mind stepping on him.
No one who could become a Banner Master was easy to deal with!
Not long after, more and more people climbed over the Sword Wall. After the plain-clothed young man, it was the pair of women.
After this pair of women climbed over the Sword Wall, they walked towards the beautiful woman who had tried to recruit Luo Zheng. Clearly, they were familiar with each other …
The next ones to climb over were Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng!
Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng's talents were extremely outstanding in the Dao Sword Palace, but here, they could only be considered above average. However, with the help of Luo Zheng's Sword Comprehension Liquid, their compatibility was greatly enhanced. Their speed was also much faster than the others.
The Banner Masters hadn't managed to recruit the first four people, so naturally, the fifth and sixth people weren't willing to miss this opportunity.
However, as they opened their mouths to invite them, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng looked towards Luo Zheng.
"I choose to be a Banner Master myself. Are you willing to join me?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"What do you think?" Qiu Yi smirked and walked towards Luo Zheng with a smirk.
Yue Baicheng didn't consider it at all. This choice wasn't even a choice.
Without Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have been able to reach this step.
Although Qiu Yi had always been jealous of Luo Zheng, when he truly recognized the difference between him and Luo Zheng, this feeling disappeared without a trace. Moreover, he wasn't someone who forgot his roots. Naturally, he wasn't willing to choose another Banner Master to join.
The Banner Masters were extremely depressed. The fifth and sixth people had finally appeared, but they actually chose to join Luo Zheng!

Chapter 2697
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Receiving a banner
Although Qiu Siyuan, Yue Bai Hao, and the others belonged to the Condensing Sword Academy, it did not mean that their talents were bad.
In fact, their talents were second only to Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng. Apart from them, there were about ten other academy disciples from the Sword Burial Palace and the Demon Sword Palace. Their talents were close to Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng's.
Seeing more than ten people climb over the sword wall, the Banner Masters' thoughts became active again. They were thinking that they could get a share of the loot this time, right?
As the Banner Masters surrounded them, Qiu Siyuan and the others did not even look at them. Instead, they all walked toward Luo Zheng.
Those Banner Masters were also dumbfounded.
"No way?"
"These guys are all following that kid?"
"That guy's background is not ordinary, right? Which great family does he come from? "
It was a coincidence that Qiu Yi and Yue Bai Cheng were following Luo Zheng. However, it was a different story if more than ten people at the top were following Luo Zheng.
Just as the Banner Masters were puzzled, another hundred people flew over the sword wall.
This time, the Banner Masters were even more depressed.
Among the hundred people, only sixteen or seventeen people did not walk toward Luo Zheng. The other eighty or so people continued to follow Luo Zheng. No matter how the Banner Masters tried to persuade them, the academy disciples did not even look at them.
Since the academy disciples were following Luo Zheng, they did not have any other thoughts!
Thus, a strange scene appeared within the sword wall. Most of the Banner Masters did not get anything, but Luo Zheng, a "Banner Master" who had not even received a banner, had already recruited more than a hundred people …
As more and more people climbed over the sword wall, the awkwardness of the Banner Masters was alleviated.
Every day, tens of thousands of people participated in the opening of the sword wall. Only about a third of them were able to climb over the sword wall. About ten thousand people were definitely not a small number.
As the number of people under the Banner Masters increased, the Banner Masters finally showed satisfied expressions.
When the sword wall closed, the white-robed youth on top of the sword wall announced, "The sword wall is closed for today. Everyone, leave the sword wall. Anyone who tries to climb over will be killed!"
The faces of the people below the sword wall were filled with disappointment. Some people had already tried hundreds of times, and there were even some who had gone bankrupt and disregarded debt to buy a bottle of diluted Sword Comprehension Fluid. Experiencing this failure was a huge blow.
Although the sword wall's Banner Art Translation, they knew the consequences of climbing the sword Wall. Translation., Luo Zheng.
On the other side of the sword wall, the Banner Masters, also, also, and leave.
Luo Zheng, Zhao, Zhao Hao, Zhao Translation, and Luo Zheng Translation: Translation Translation: Translation. Translation: Translation: Translation: Translation
This time, it was Luo Zheng who was at a loss. He didn't know what to do next. After all, the inside of the sword wall was a completely foreign world to him.
At this moment, the female Banner Master walked over with two other women. She smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Brave little fellow, you don't know what to do, right?"
Translation Translation..... Mean the place Dragon City Dragon Dragon City, a Dragon City. is Dragon City Dragon City, Sect Sect Dragon City, you That is, you, it,, Translation, Are, Dragon '' '''s War Dragon City, there, there is Are Dragon City is Dragon City..
"What is the use of this flag?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Female Banner Master shook her head. "You don't know anything, yet you dare to be a Banner Master … … All the resources and missions issued by Greater One Heavenly Palace are in Dragon City. Only Banner Masters can enter Dragon City. You will understand when you get the flag, and … …"
She looked at the sky. It was already dusk, the sky was gradually darkening. "You must get the flag before it gets dark, otherwise you will be in danger. Hurry up, I wish you good luck."
After she finished speaking, the female banner master left with the two women. She didn't seem to have recruited anyone else. She had come here for these two women, so she should have left long ago. She had probably stayed until now just to warn Luo Zheng.
Female Banner Master's final warning made Luo Zheng frown.
"What does' it get dark 'mean?" Lai Huabei asked curiously.
Yue Baicheng thought for a moment, then said, "This is Greater One Heavenly Palace, it is impossible for Greater Demons to appear here. The only danger would come from … … other people."
Luo Zheng also nodded. "That Zhao Hao has been targeting me, but after I entered the Sword Wall, he did not make any moves to make trouble for me. It's getting dark … … I'm afraid it means the rules have changed?"
The two of them speculated and quickly came to a possible conclusion. Female Banner Master was very likely hinting that they could make a move against Luo Zheng after dark!
"But even so, what's the use of getting the flag?" Yue Baichao asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not sure, but it should be very important. There is still two hours before it gets dark, we will know when we get there."
… …
… …
A thousand miles north along the plains at the foot of the mountain, they saw a snow-white city.
This city seemed to be carved out of white marble. The entire city seemed to be a whole, completely formed by nature, emitting a pure aura.
When Luo Zheng brought the Academia disciples to the city gate, two guards wearing iron armor and holding jade swords stopped Luo Zheng.
"Stop!"
"Only the Banner Master can enter Dragon City!"
Faced with the two guards' scolding, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "I am the Banner Master. May I know where to get the flag?"
The guards looked at Luo Zheng strangely. It was rare to see someone who was not in the Nirvana Realm come to get the flag. One of the guards pointed to the side. "There!"
Luo Zheng then realized that there was a small door at the side of Dragon City.
After entering through this small door, he saw a bare-chested old man sitting inside. He could not feel any energy waves from this old man. This person was even inferior to a God, just like the mortals in Luo Zheng's inner world.
This feeling was very strange. He had never seen it before, even in the Divine Realm, but he actually saw it on this old man.
"You are here to get the flag?" the old man asked.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes."
The old man took out a circle of plaques hanging on the wall. "Today, only one person hung his sword on the sixth level of the Sword Wall. Was it you?"
"Yes, it was me," Luo Zheng answered again.
The old man trembled as he walked to the corner of the wall. There were many flagpoles erected there. He raised one of the flagpoles and gently threw it at Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "Before nightfall, you have to find your own territory. Otherwise, others can attack you at any time, and you will die in vain."
"Find my territory?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
The old man made a gesture of inserting the flagpole into the ground. At the same time, he smiled and said, "Insert the flagpole into the ground, and you will know."
"Can I insert a flagpole into the empty territory outside?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"You can, as long as you can insert it." The old man smiled faintly.
What's so difficult about inserting a flag?
Luo Zheng carried the flag out of the small door, muttering in his heart.

Chapter 2698
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Obstruction
The group of academy disciples was still waiting outside. When they saw Luo Zheng come out, they all gathered around him.
"Follow me," Luo Zheng said calmly.
He then led the academy disciples to the empty space outside Dragon City. The other academy disciples were confused, but they followed closely behind.
Luo Zheng looked around and found a suitable empty space. He grabbed the flagpole in his hand and stuck it into the ground.
When he stuck the flagpole in, a strong rebounding force was released from the ground. Luo Zheng couldn't resist the force at all. The force sent the flagpole in Luo Zheng's hand flying. Luo Zheng was also thrown into the air and fell hard on the ground.
"What a strong force!" Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
The area around Dragon City was just a circle of flat land. The flagpole couldn't even be inserted into the ground!
"Hahaha, you ignorant brat. You want to insert the flagpole near Dragon City? Do you think a small Banner Lord like you can touch this piece of land?" A voice suddenly came from afar.
When the academy disciples heard the mocking laughter, they all glared angrily.
The person who spoke was carrying a flag. He was obviously a Banner Lord. Judging by the situation, he had just come out of Dragon City.
Luo Zheng looked at the Banner Lord indifferently and asked, "You can't insert flags near Dragon City?"
"Theoretically, you can. However, no Banner Lord has the ability to do so yet. Otherwise, you can see that there's no one around here," the Banner Lord said as he pointed around.
Luo Zheng was also confused. If all the Banner Lords had to insert their flags before nightfall, why wasn't there a single Banner Lord in this area?
"The closer it is to Dragon City, the harder it is to insert the flag. Even those in the Nirvana Realm can't do it. You're dreaming. Hehe … It's going to be dark soon. You don't have much time left." After the Banner Lord finished speaking, he flew away with the flag.
Luo Zheng finally understood. He cursed the old man in his heart. Why didn't he explain such important information clearly?
However, the old man was right. If he was strong enough, he could insert the flagpole into the ground near Dragon City. He could only blame himself for not being strong enough!
The setting sun on the horizon was completely gone. Dusk was slowly and evenly spreading. The sky was about to turn dark.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng led the academy disciples and flew in the opposite direction.
After flying for about 50 kilometers, Luo Zheng finally saw the flagpoles in the distance.. the Banner Lord, Translation.. the Banner Lord's Translation..
With these flagpoles as the center, a faint halo of light was released, and this halo of light enveloped the entire area.
The Banner Masters and their subordinates were all gathered in the circle of light. All of them sat cross-legged, as if waiting for night to fall.
The light circles emitted by these flagpoles varied in size. The larger ones covered an area of seven to eight miles, while the smaller ones only covered an area of a few dozen feet. The light circles were squeezed together, tightly occupying the entire space in this area!
"There's an empty space over there!" Yue Baicheng's sharp eyes noticed an empty space in the area.
When Luo Zheng saw the open space, his face lit up with joy, and he immediately flew towards it. But just as he arrived above the open space, a spatial fluctuation shot out from below, and a figure appeared here before him.
The person held the flagpole and looked coldly at Luo Zheng. "Get lost!" he scolded.
The aura of the Nirvana Realm erupted, forcing Luo Zheng to retreat. Then, he stabbed the flagpole in his hand into the ground, and a halo spread out, instantly occupying the entire area.
"Haha …"
"Overconfident brat. How dare he be a Banner Lord before reaching the Nirvana Realm!"
"This brat even offended Wang Xiao. He's digging his own grave."
When the surrounding Banner Masters saw this, they immediately burst into laughter.
"Luo Zheng, over here," said Qiu Yi, pointing at another empty space.
Luo Zheng's body flashed when he heard Qiu Yi's reminder. He used the Great Shift to move toward that empty space. However, before Luo Zheng could reach that empty space, another Banner Lord had already inserted the flagpole there.
The Banner Lord had a mocking look on his face. "Brat, there's no place for you here." He chuckled.
Luo Zheng's face darkened when he realized that something was amiss, and his face darkened.
At this moment, the white-robed youths walked out. Zhao Hao had a smug smile on his face. He pointed at the darkening sky and said, "Blame yourself for being stupid. If you were smarter and chose to join Hao Lin, we wouldn't have been able to do anything to you. Unfortunately, you chose to be a Banner Lord. You … won't live past tonight."
Today, Wang Xiao was stopped from killing Luo Zheng. However, once night fell, if they wanted to kill Luo Zheng again, they would have to follow the rules. Naturally, it would be logical!
Although Wang Xiao was only a Banner Lord, he had a lot of prestige among the Banner Lords. Naturally, these Banner Lords were invited by Wang Xiao to deal with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng suddenly raised the flagpole in his hand and sneered, "Very good! I won't insert this flagpole today! Let's see if I can live past tonight! "
Zhao Hao was stunned when he saw Luo Zheng's confidence. Then, he smiled sinisterly and said, "Then we'll wait and see."
He knew that Luo Zheng's background wasn't simple. However, the rules outside Dragon City had been in place for so many years. They couldn't be changed just because of Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, a gentle voice rang out, "Luo Zheng, come over here. I can give you some space."
The person who spoke was the female Banner Lord from earlier in the day.
This female Banner Lord occupied an area of ten li by herself. There were also thousands of people under her banner.
"Banner Lord Yin! Do you really want to oppose Banner Lord Wang? "Zhao Hao's expression immediately became extremely ugly.
The Yin woman's background wasn't any weaker than Wang Xiao's. It wasn't hard for her to protect Luo Zheng.
The Yin woman only smiled faintly, "I don't want to oppose Wang Xiao. However, I still want to remind him that there are some people he can't afford to offend."
"Thank you for your kindness, Banner Lord Yin. However, I also want to remind you that there's a price to pay for offending Banner Lord Wang," Zhao Hao also threatened.
The Yin woman didn't seem to care. Instead, she faced Luo Zheng and said softly, "Luo Zheng, come over here. No one will dare to stop you."
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I won't insert this flag."
Luo Zheng's answer was beyond everyone's expectations. The Yin woman also thought of something. She frowned slightly and a trace of helplessness appeared on her face.
In the end, she flew up and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. She said softly to Luo Zheng, "It's fine as long as you have a firm foothold. In the future, you can kill those people who target you one by one. No one will dare to say anything. Being angry will only make things difficult for yourself."
Luo Zheng coldly stared at the Yin woman and asked, "Did someone tell you something?"
The Yin woman's expression stiffened. "Don't make things difficult for me …"

Chapter 2699
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Taking Advantage of a Burning House
In the Dao Sword Palace, Qiu Yinhe already knew of his talent and wanted to bring him to the Taiyi Heavenly Palace. Moreover, only he could save Lin Zhanting's son.
With these two factors added together, Luo Zheng believed that the Taiyi Heavenly Palace would not just watch him die.
First, the blue-clothed youth had interfered with Wang Xiao. Then, after passing the sword wall, this female Banner Lord had stayed behind to give him pointers.
Luo Zheng already had doubts. These people were either sent by the Taiyi Mountain or instructed by Qiu Yinhe. But what was the point of doing this?
"I'm just a nobody. Don't make things difficult for me," Yin Yuehuan said in a pleading tone. She grabbed Luo Zheng and pulled him to the side.
"Let's see what you're up to," Luo Zheng thought. He finally chose to compromise, not for himself, but for the many disciples who followed him.
Yin Yuehuan narrowed the area her flagpole occupied. She looked at the sky and said, "It's going to be dark soon. Please hurry!"
Only then did Luo Zheng thrust the flagpole into the ground.
"Buzz!"
When the flagpole was thrust into the ground, a circle of faint light spread out, covering an area of more than ten feet.
The disciples followed Luo Zheng into the circle of light.
More than a hundred disciples were squeezed into an area of more than ten feet. It was still too crowded compared to the other Banner Lords, but they could only make do for now.
The moment Luo Zheng inserted the flag, the sky was already completely dark. A faint starlight suddenly rose in the huge Dragon City.
The starlight split into two, two into four, four into eight. In a short time, it became a sky full of stars.
Each starlight was of the same brightness and size. Even the distance between them was equal. They were like soldiers in formation. They were exceptionally neat and beautiful.
"What a beautiful starry sky!"
"What's the use of these starlights?"
"…"
Lai Huabei and the others looked up at the sky. If he had stayed in the Heaven's Wall City, he would have never seen such a scene. The Mother World was so big, but for the majority of people, it was just a small piece of land.
Although Lai Huabei had encountered several dangers along the way and almost died, he felt that it was worth it.
"What's the use of this starlight?" Yue Baicheng stared at the sky and asked.
"You'll know in a while." Under the Yin Yuehuan flag, a girl smiled sweetly at the disciples of the academy.
Under everyone's gaze, the starlight grew brighter and brighter.
"Those stars are getting bigger," one of the disciples blurted out in surprise.
Luo Zheng stared at it and shook his head. "No, it's the stars that fell."
As the white stars continued to fall, they slowly changed shape and eventually turned into silver longswords.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
Countless silver swords fell into the area covered by the many flags like raindrops. As long as the silver swords fell into the area covered by the flags, they would actually merge into the flagpoles!
These flagpoles were like funnels that caught the rain, collecting these silver longswords.
At the same time, everyone within the range of the flagpole felt a special energy baptism …
"What a pure True Intent Qi!"
"This method is more than ten times stronger than the Sky Towering Sword?"
"So this is the treatment of the Greater One Heavenly Palace disciples?"
After the disciples felt the True Intent Qi, they were all excited.
"Not only that, the starlight is also mixed with the Soul Pill's Qi. Even for Nirvana Realm experts, it's very beneficial. The Greater One Heavenly Palace is really generous," Yue Baicheng said.
"No wonder they would stop Brother Luo Zheng from planting the flag. These silver swords are also very dangerous. If it wasn't for the flagpole absorbing the sword rain, all of us would have been pierced into sieves by these silver swords," Yue Baicheng said with a serious expression.
Luo Zheng's lips curled up slightly. Looking at Yin Yuehuan's expression just now, if he didn't plant the flag, he was afraid that the sword rain wouldn't have fallen tonight …
Those guys behind the scenes weren't willing to break the rules because of him, so they could only let Yin Yuehuan beg him. He just couldn't stand a woman's pleading, otherwise, he would have really wanted to try.
The sword rain kept drilling into the flagpole, then spread to everyone under the flag. The disciples closed their eyes and began to comprehend the True Intent of Dao. Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng also entered the sea of True Intent.
The surroundings were quiet. Everyone was seizing the time to cultivate. Luo Zheng also quietly gathered the True Intent of Dao and entered the sea of True Intent.
When Luo Zheng condensed the True Intent boat, Ling Shuang's True Intent boat was already waiting for him at the side.
"Luo Zheng …" Ling Shuang called out.
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied indifferently. With a slight thought, the True Intent boat cruised forward.
"Are you angry?" Ling Shuang asked softly from behind.
"You are my savior. How would I dare to be angry?" Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Ling Shuang's True Intent boat quickly moved forward, keeping pace with Luo Zheng. She said softly, "Actually, Auntie Lan isn't usually like this. She has something she can't say."
"Whether or not it is, you don't have to worry. I will definitely save her son," Luo Zheng replied.
Ling Shuang bit her lip lightly. It seemed that Luo Zheng still held some grudges. She didn't know what to say for a moment, so she could only drive the True Intent boat to follow behind.
Under the nourishment of the sword rain, Luo Zheng felt his Yang soul grow stronger. Although it wasn't as effective as swallowing the Soul Elixir, the Soul Elixir could only last for a short period of time. The sword rain would continue for the entire night.
Since he had made up his mind, Luo Zheng didn't think about anything else. He rushed towards the sea of True Intent in one go.
Two hours later, Luo Zheng had already reached the vicinity of the three-segment line. This three-segment line was more difficult than the two-segment line, but with the help of the Soul Elixir and the sword rain, Luo Zheng still passed through without any hindrance.
Ling Shuang didn't hide her strength this time. The necklace on her chest exploded with a powerful soul aura, and she followed closely behind Luo Zheng as he rushed past the three-segment line.
She originally thought that Luo Zheng would stop after passing the three-segment line, but she didn't expect that Luo Zheng didn't even have the qualifications to stop. The True Intent boat broke through the waves, and its speed became faster and faster!
"Wait for me! Are you planning to break through the four-segment line? "Ling Shuang asked.
"Isn't your cousin still waiting for me to save his life?" Luo Zheng asked back.
"But there's no need to be so anxious …" Ling Shuang said softly.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention of stopping, and he continued forward without stopping. After passing the three-segment line, the aura of the sea of True Intent became more and more biting cold.
Not long after, Luo Zheng really started to break through the four-segment line. Ling Shuang had no choice but to swallow three Soul Elixirs. While her soul aura increased greatly, she caught up with Luo Zheng's pace.
Breaking through two bottlenecks in the sea of True Intent in one go put a lot of pressure on Ling Shuang, but she could still bear it. She just felt a little tired.
However, just as the two of them passed the four-segment line, three True Intent boats suddenly surrounded them.
"Congratulations on passing the four-segment line. It must have been very tiring, right?"
"Hand over all the Soul Elixirs. Otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite!"
"Hand over the Soul Elixirs or die here. This choice isn't difficult, right?"
Those who had just broken through a bottleneck would usually be very tired. These three True Intent boats had been lurking here for a long time. After succeeding several times, they became even more arrogant.
Luo Zheng looked at them indifferently. He felt the Sword Cloud's Eternal True Intent coming from the three True Intent boats.

Chapter 2700
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Big Business
Luo Zheng didn't consume much of his soul energy even after crossing the fourth line.
Ling Shuang sensed that Luo Zheng was gathering his soul energy and was about to make a move.
With a slight frown, she pressed her finger lightly on the Soul Oracle Necklace hanging on her chest. A powerful soul aura emanated from the pendant of the Soul Oracle Necklace.
When the three of them felt the energy of the necklace, their expressions changed. They realized that they couldn't afford to offend this pair and turned around to escape.
"Since you're here, why are you still trying to escape?" Luo Zheng's voice was cold. He wanted to drive the boat to chase after them.
But Ling Shuang was a step ahead and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
The two True Meaning boats gently collided with each other, emitting a soft thud.
"Why are you stopping me?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
Ling Shuang stared at Luo Zheng's silhouette and looked at him with a gentle gaze.
Even though Luo Zheng couldn't see Ling Shuang's face, he could feel the emotions coming from her Yang Soul. This emotion calmed Luo Zheng down a little.
"You've been affected by Dragon City …" Ling Shuang laughed softly.
"Affected?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Ling Shuang nodded and said, "You came from outside the Mother World, so you don't know that Dragon City is made of Gu."
"Dragon City is made of Gu." Luo Zheng pondered over Ling Shuang's words.
"Yes, Dragon City is a huge Gu pot that continuously absorbs people from the Nine Heavens and Ten Prefectures. The threshold to enter Dragon City isn't high, but it's not easy to survive in Dragon City. Anyone who can stand out in Dragon City can become the most outstanding Tai Yiwei. Some of them have mediocre talent, but after becoming Tai Yiwei, they're even more powerful than the geniuses from Taiyi Mountain and Taiyi Mountain …" Ling Shuang said calmly.
After Luo Zheng entered the Center Divine Province, he was provoked along the way. When he saw that the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was very different from the legends, he felt disappointed and his mood became more and more irritable.
After hearing Ling Shuang's explanation, Luo Zheng didn't feel relieved at all. Instead, he sneered and said, "So, from the moment I was brought here, I was thrown into Dragon City as a poisonous insect?"
Only when several kinds of poisonous insects were gathered together and fought with each other, the one that survived could be called a Gu. Ling Shuang's meaning was very clear. Luo Zheng could naturally make such an inference.
"That's just my guess. I don't think they have any ill intentions towards you. They also don't want you to die. Maybe they want you to achieve greater things?" Ling Shuang continued.
"To sharpen me?" Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
There was nothing wrong with making such a choice from the other party's point of view. After all, neither Qiu Yinhe nor Lin Zhanting knew his origins.
If he were in Luo Zheng's shoes, he would probably make the same choice if he had picked up a piece of unpolished jade.
It was just that they didn't expect that this would cause such a fierce backlash. In the end, they had no choice but to let Yin Yuehuan come out to appease them.
"No matter what, you're not wrong to choose the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Besides, I will help you," Ling Shuang said in a gentle voice.
Hearing Ling Shuang's sincere words, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. He nodded and said, "I understand …"
While the two were talking, the True Meaning boat was slowly drifting forward. At this time, Luo Zheng noticed that there was a pale yellow sea in front of them.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. He found that the yellow sea was still spinning slowly. He said, "Is this also a big whirlpool?"
Ling Shuang had mentioned before that if a big whirlpool appeared in a sea area, the major races would think of ways to dye the sea water in the whirlpool.
"It should be. Let's go and take a look," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
Although it was the first time Ling Shuang saw a dyed whirlpool, it wasn't difficult to recognize.
There were True Meaning boats sailing in this sea area in twos and threes. After these people noticed the existence of the whirlpool, they all stayed far away.
Some people noticed that Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were close to the whirlpool and had a strange expression. If they weren't careful and got sucked in, their future would be ruined. This wasn't fun.
These people naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had escaped from the whirlpool. They naturally didn't fear the whirlpool as much as others.
However, this whirlpool had appeared for a long time. Those who were caught in the whirlpool had been dragged to the center of the whirlpool and didn't dare to return to the sea of True Meaning. They didn't see anyone else at the edge of the whirlpool.
Just as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were about to go around the whirlpool, a small boat suddenly appeared at the edge of the whirlpool.
"Zhi zhi … you … wait a minute …"
The True Meaning boat was only half the height of a person. On the boat stood a short mouse.
"Eh?"
"It's the Ear Mouse Clan."
Ling Shuang was slightly taken aback. Luo Zheng also stopped the True Meaning boat.
"Save me, zhi …" The Ear Mouse used a very awkward tone to speak human language.
"Falling into the whirlpool is an unsolvable situation. How can we save you?" Ling Shuang glanced at the mouse and said.
Although Luo Zheng could save it, Ling Shuang wasn't sure if Luo Zheng had taken away the candle. The sea of True Meaning was so big. Luo Zheng couldn't save them one by one.
"Zhi zhi … I heard that a human can solve the whirlpool. Zhi … I wonder if it's you?" The Ear Mouse said again.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang revealed a smile.
As expected of the Ear Mouse Clan, they were extremely well-informed.
When Luo Zheng solved the whirlpool, not only did he save Ling Shuang, but he also saved a considerable number of humans and some foreign races. The news that someone could solve the whirlpool had probably spread in an extremely small circle.
The Ear Mouse was almost omniscient in the Mother World. Behind the transmission and leakage of many news was the shadow of this clan.
This Ear Mouse had been trapped in the whirlpool for many years. It knew that it couldn't leave the whirlpool and rarely entered the sea of True Meaning. Therefore, it had never been sucked into the center of the whirlpool.
After receiving this news, the Ear Mouse often entered the sea of True Meaning to ask passersby for information, hoping to meet someone who could solve the whirlpool. After all, if Luo Zheng advanced in a straight line, the possibility of this was quite high.
Even from a distance, Luo Zheng could feel the Ear Mouse's anticipation.
Ling Shuang didn't say anything. Solving the whirlpool was Luo Zheng's ability. It was up to Luo Zheng to decide.
Luo Zheng stared at the Ear Mouse in the whirlpool and asked, "What do I get for saving you?"
As soon as he said this, the Ear Mouse suddenly let out a sharp squeak and excitedly shrieked, "Zhi zhi … Can you really save me?"
"Yes, but I'll have to see if you're worth it," Luo Zheng replied.
"Zhi zhi … I'm willing to pay 15 million divine crystals! In addition to the Paramita Key! "the Ear Mouse said.
Hearing the number, Ling Shuang was shocked as well.
Some of the major clans in the Center God Province could only fork out around a hundred thousand or two hundred thousand divine gems. Those who passed the Sword Wall would use up all their wealth just to use a bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid. This was not a small sum even for the Taiyi Mountain Sect.
Although Luo Zheng had a large sum of money left behind by Chi You, he wouldn't use it unless it was absolutely necessary. Now that he was leading the disciples to raise the flag, it was indeed time for him to spend money.

Chapter 2701
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
The Strength of God
The fact that Luo Zheng didn't even know about the Paramita Key surprised Ear Mouse.
Ling Shuang explained, "The Paramita Key can only be used on the other side. If you want to obtain some special Paramita tokens, you have to use this key. It's extremely rare in the Mother World. A single Paramita Key is worth more than ten million divine crystals, depending on how precious it is …"
"Zhizhi, that's indeed the case. As for the divine crystals, you can choose a location. We, Ear Mouse, can send it there," Ear Mouse said.
Most people wouldn't dare accept such a huge sum of divine crystals. If they weren't strong enough, killing them was just a matter of turning around. If Luo Zheng didn't have the backing of Taiyi Sky Palace, he wouldn't have dared to make the deal with Ear Mouse.
Luo Zheng glanced at Ling Shuang and said, "Fifteen million divine crystals. Send it to Taiyi Mountain."
"Taiyi Mountain … You're from Taiyi Sky Palace. Zhizhi." Ear Mouse confirmed Luo Zheng's origins.
"You can say that," Luo Zheng replied.
"Then can you save me now? Zhizhi … "Ear Mouse asked again.
Ling Shuang chuckled softly. "Since when did the Ear Mouse race think they're trustworthy? We can't confirm your identity in the Sea of True Intent. Who knows if you're telling the truth? Send the divine crystals and the Paramita Key to Taiyi Mountain, and we'll save you. "
The Ear Mouse race was deeply hated by the major races in the Mother World. They were dishonest, sold secrets, and even deliberately stirred up conflicts between the major races. However, this race did have its own uniqueness. Not only were they unable to be exterminated, but they also became more and more prosperous.
"I'll give you the divine crystals first. Zhizhi … I don't trust you either. Who knows if you can really break the Great Maelstrom?" Ear Mouse thought for a moment and said, "How about this? Since you can break the Great Maelstrom, you can enter it now. I'll have the Mouse Alliance send the divine crystals to Taiyi Mountain as soon as possible! What do you think? "
"Haha." Luo Zheng laughed. "If I enter the Great Maelstrom, I'll have to break the Great Maelstrom in order to leave. There's nothing I can do if you don't want to do it, I can't. Ear Mouse is indeed cunning … Still, send the divine crystals to Taiyi Mountain, and I'll save you. There's only one chance. if you're not willing, I'll leave. I'll leave. You. Send the divine crystals to Taiyi Mountain and I'll. and send the divine crystals to Taiyi Mountain, and I will save you. You.
With that said, Luo Zheng steered the True Intent boat to leave, but before the boat could move a few feet, the Ear Mouse shouted, "Three days! Within three days, I will gather all the Divine Crystals and send them to Taiyi Mountain! Zhizhi Zhizhi Zhi.
Luo Zheng's True Intent boat stopped. He had a faint smile on his face as he said to Xiao Shuang, "Looks like I'll have to trouble you.
"Don't worry. Although 15 million divine crystals is not a small sum, the Extreme Celestial Mountain Range is nothing in my eyes. If this Ear Mouse is not spouting nonsense, I will definitely send it to you as soon as possible," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
Since Luo Zheng had agreed to help Ear Ear Mouse, he didn't continue in the Sea of True Intent.
When he retreated from the Sea of True Intent, he could still see the countless light spots above Dragon City turning into silver swords. However, the number of silver swords was decreasing.
The sky was gradually turning white, and the sky was gradually brightening.
The surroundings were still silent. Everyone was sitting cross-legged. They were either meditating to comprehend the True Intent of Dao or wandering in the Sea of True Intent.
Half an hour later, Dragon City stopped releasing silver light spots. The people who were still cultivating gradually woke up.
"In just one night, you have already crossed the four-segment line. You are indeed worthy of being the little guy who dares to declare himself a Banner Lord." Yin Yuehuan stared at Luo Zheng and smiled slightly. There was admiration between her eyebrows.
Yin Yuehuan knew that since that person was paying attention to him, he was definitely not an ordinary person. However, she had been warned not to reveal any inside information.
Luo Zheng nodded at Yin Yuehuan. Although she was entrusted by someone, she still helped him.
At this time, Qiu Yi and Yue Baicheng also gradually woke up. Both of them looked as if they hadn't had enough. The silver sword light wasn't of much help to Luo Zheng, but it was of great help to Yue Baicheng and Yue Baicheng. At least, it helped them dissolve 30% of the chill in the Sea of True Intent. The two of them were now hovering near the first line.
After everyone woke up, the Banner Lords put away their flagpoles. Some of them glanced coldly at Luo Zheng and flew towards Dragon City with their flagpoles.
Yin Yuehuan also put away her flagpoles. She asked Luo Zheng, "You haven't entered Dragon City, right? I'll take you in. "
"What about my subordinates?" Luo Zheng asked.
Only Banner Lords could enter the city. The others could only wander outside. Luo Zheng couldn't understand this rule.
Yin Yuehuan glanced at Luo Zheng's subordinates. "Just let us go with my disciples."
Luo Zheng wasn't worried about the safety of his disciples. Those people were targeting him, not his disciples.
"That's fine." Luo Zheng nodded.
After settling down, Luo Zheng also pulled out his flag from the ground.
Then, under the lead of Yin Yuehuan, they flew toward Dragon City one after another.
When they reached the gate of Dragon City, the guards saw the flagpoles in Luo Zheng's hands. They didn't stop them at all and let them enter the city.
Dragon City looked huge from the outside. However, it was completely carved out of a huge rock. After entering, it was far smaller than what Luo Zheng had imagined.
Many Banner Lords were shuttling back and forth in the city. These Banner Lords were responsible for their subordinates. Every time they entered the city, they had to buy a lot of things.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask, "Banner Lords aren't the masters or family members of their subordinates. Why do they have to do so much for their subordinates?"
Although Luo Zheng was a Banner Lord, he didn't know much about the rules of Dragon City.
"Of course there are benefits." Yin Yuehuan smiled. "As long as the number of subordinates reaches ten thousand, they can be promoted to Alliance Lord. Only the Alliance Lord can participate in Tai Yiwei's assessment. Unless Tai Yi Heavenly Palace makes an exception, the only way to join Tai Yiwei is to join. In addition, the Heavenly Palace gives us a certain amount of allowance every month for us to guide the newcomers."
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded.
As he got to know more, Luo Zheng gradually understood Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's motive.
The cruelty of the Mother World was far beyond imagination. If the human race wanted to live forever, they had to be ruthless both internally and externally. Otherwise, the human race would only have the fate of being eliminated.
Not long after entering through the gate of Dragon City, Luo Zheng saw a huge red rock erected in the open square in front of him. A Banner Lord inserted his flag into the rock and at the same time took out his Nirvana Token.
The Nirvana Token's aura flowed out like water. This Banner Lord activated all his power in front of this red rock.

Chapter 2702
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Luo Zheng's Strength
As soon as Yin Yuehuan finished speaking, the man roared and raised the long sword in his hand.
Six sword rays shot out from the longsword and bombarded the red stone.
"Dong, dong, dong, dong …"
"It's the Six Split Swords. His swordsmanship is not bad, but his Nirvana Realm Token is too weak. It's just an ordinary celestial blue stone." Yin Yuehuan shook her head slightly.
Yin Yuehuan's evaluation was not high, but this Banner Lord was a Nirvana Realm powerhouse after all. In Luo Zheng's eyes, this sword was not weak.
Luo Zheng asked at the same time, "Banner Lord Yin mentioned the Shenjun Force just now. What does that mean?"
"Look." Yin Yuehuan pointed at the red rock.
This red rock was made of an unknown material. It did not shatter after experiencing a Nirvana Realm powerhouse's all-out attack. Even the surface of the red rock was not damaged at all.
In the center of the red rock, a spiral slowly rotated and revealed a huge "two" character.
"This person's all-out attack, together with the power of the Nirvana Realm Token, reached two Shenjun Force," Yin Yuehuan said with a smile.
"Does that mean Shenjun Force is a unit of strength?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yin Yuehuan nodded. She wanted to show off her skills in front of Luo Zheng. After the Banner Lord left, she reached out and grabbed lightly. A sword shadow condensed in her hand.
Then, a triangular Nirvana Realm Token appeared on top of Yin Yuehuan's head. At this moment, her aura skyrocketed. Then, her body suddenly rushed forward and she rushed toward the red rock with nimble steps.
"Crack!"
The virtual sword in her hand suddenly slashed on the red rock, making an explosive sound.
Some of the Banner Lords who were hurrying past were attracted by this sound and turned their heads. When they saw the "eleven" on the red rock, they all looked sideways.
"Banner Lord Yin's strength is equivalent to 13 Shenjun Force?" Luo Zheng walked to Yin Yuehuan and asked.
Yin Yuehuan nodded. "My Nirvana Realm Token's power is not outstanding. It can barely reach this number."
Although her Nirvana Realm Token wasn't powerful, it came with an extremely powerful supernatural power. As for what kind of supernatural power it was, she naturally wouldn't tell Luo Zheng.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Yin Yuehuan smiled and said, "You can also give it a try. Let's see how powerful you are."
"Me? But I haven't reached the other shore yet, "Luo Zheng said.
"It doesn't matter. Actually, the strength of Shen Jun is based on the most common 'celestial bluestone' in the Nirvana Realm. The strength of an ordinary celestial bluestone is exactly the strength of one Shen Jun. You can also see the difference between yourself and the Nirvana Realm," Yin Yuehuan encouraged.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and looked at the red stone with narrowed eyes. With a light flick of his finger, a long sword appeared in his hand.
As the power of the inner world gathered crazily, the fused energy flowed along his meridians and coiled around his hand.
Luo Zheng's aura was also growing stronger …
Seeing this scene, Yin Yuehuan's pupils shrank slightly. "Is this the power of the Fusion of Divine Dao? How many? Or dozens of divine daos? No … I'm afraid there are thousands of divine daos … "
Luo Zheng had fused too many divine daos. Ordinary people simply couldn't determine how much Dao essence of the Divine Dao was mixed in the fused energy.
When this rare aura spread out, it attracted some of the Banner Lords to stop.
"There are still Banner Lords who aren't in the Nirvana Realm these days?"
"What kind of power is that? It doesn't seem to be the true meaning of Dao … "
"It feels very powerful!"
Some of the Banner Lords with sharper senses also noticed Luo Zheng's abnormality.
Under the gazes of these Banner Lords, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows, and the sword blasted toward the red stone.
The moment the Fusion of Dao sword came into contact with the red stone, it exploded.
Although the red stone absorbed almost all of the energy in an instant, the explosion produced by the Fusion of Dao energy was still deafening and reverberating in the square.
When the flickering light of the Fusion of Dao energy disappeared, the word "one" quietly appeared on the red stone.
Seeing this number, Luo Zheng smiled. "My sword just now reached the strength of one Shen Jun?"
"…"
Yin Yuehuan was a little stunned and forgot to answer for a moment.
The other Banner Lords who were watching also widened their eyes.
"Banner Lord Yin …" Luo Zheng called out.
Yin Yuehuan stopped losing her composure and said, "If I'm not wrong, you didn't even use the true meaning of Dao just now, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I've never cultivated the true meaning divine ability."
Yin Yuehuan's gaze became more and more complicated.
The strength of one Shen Jun was the starting point of the Nirvana Realm. After many people crossed the Sea of True Meaning, they fused with a Nirvana Realm token immediately. Most people's first Nirvana Realm token was the celestial blue stone.
Just like that Banner Lord just now, he used the celestial blue stone and the true meaning divine ability — Six Split Divine Swords to barely reach the strength of two Shen Jun.
However, Luo Zheng had only crossed the four-segment line without using the true meaning of Dao, yet he could reach the strength of one Shen Jun! In terms of power alone, it was comparable to the weakest Nirvana Realm.
"You shouldn't have come to Dragon City," Yin Yuehuan shook her head and said in a low voice.
In her heart, Luo Zheng should have been sent directly to the top of Greater One Mountain. She could not understand the thoughts of those important people.
"What's so great about that? Wasting a lot of time on fusing with the Divine Dao, ordinary people can also achieve that," a Banner Lord not far away said indifferently, the corners of his mouth curled up and his face full of disdain. "But how many idiots in this world are willing to waste time on fusing with the Divine Dao? After crossing the Nirvana Realm, any random Nirvana token that you fuse with is much more powerful than fusing with the Divine Dao! "
This person was also a Banner Lord who followed Wang Xiao. Seeing this scene, he naturally ridiculed.
"Is that so? I wonder how strong Banner Lord Cui was before crossing the Nirvana Realm? I wonder if you were one-tenth as strong as Luo Zheng? "Yin Yuehuan retorted.
Not to mention Banner Lord Cui, in Yin Yuehuan's view, even if those disciples on the top of Greater One Mountain used the most powerful true meaning divine ability, it would still be difficult to reach the strength of one Shen Jun.
Banner Lord Cui snorted coldly, carried the flagpole and hurriedly left.
Yin Yuehuan then said to Luo Zheng, "Don't care about this guy. When you cross the Nirvana Realm, these people are not even qualified to be your stepping stones …"
"I won't care." Luo Zheng shook his head slightly.
Since he was in Dragon City, other than constantly improving his strength and obtaining the recognition of the Heavenly Palace, he had no other choice.
"Okay, I'll take you to choose a few true meaning divine abilities," Yin Yuehuan said.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, and followed Yin Yuehuan into the depths of Dragon City.
… …
… …
On top of Taiyi Mountain.
A huge transmission formation constantly flashed with blue and white light.
Not long after, a short figure appeared. It was a mouse with golden fur all over its body.
This transmission formation was used by Taiyi Mountain for external use. There were guards on both sides of the formation. The cultivation of these guards was not low, they were all experts of the Nirvana Realm.
When these guards saw the golden-haired mouse, their expressions changed slightly.

Chapter 2703
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
True Intent Sword Codex
Although the Golden-eared Mouse's cultivation was not low, it was still not qualified to meet the Mountain Lord of Taiyi Mountain.
One of the guards stepped forward and cupped his hands. "What business do you have with our Mountain Lord? I can pass the message on your behalf! "
When the Golden-eared Mouse heard this, he threw it lightly.
"Pata …"
A Sumeru Ring rolled to the ground. The Sumeru Ring suddenly emitted the aura of divine crystals. Then, sparkling and translucent divine crystals poured out of the ring like flowing water.
"Here are 15 million divine crystals!" As the Golden-eared Mouse spoke, he flipped his other paw and a small piece of metal appeared in his paw. "This is a Secret Soul Key!"
The Golden-eared Mouse was one of the important leaders in the Rat Alliance. The higher-ups of the Rat Alliance suddenly sent him a message, asking him to send 15 million divine crystals and a Secret Paramita Key to Taiyi Mountain.
Although the Golden-eared Mouse Clan made money very quickly, 15 million divine crystals was not a small sum. The Golden-eared Mouse was not happy, but the Rat Alliance was strict and he could not disobey.
When the guards saw so many divine crystals, they felt dizzy. One of them quickly cupped his hands. "I will pass the message on your behalf!"
The guard instantly turned into a flash of light and flew into Taiyi Mountain.
In the end, the Mountain Lord of Taiyi Mountain did not appear. The ones who came were Lin Zhanting, Ling Shuang, Aunt Ping, and the others.
"As expected of the Golden-eared Mouse Clan. They are so fast. They actually managed to gather such a large sum of divine crystals overnight," Ling Shuang thought. When she saw the small mountain of divine crystals, her eyes revealed a trace of joy.
After last night, Ling Shuang had already reported this matter to Aunt Ping and Lin Zhanting. They naturally knew what was going on.
"I did not expect Lord Jin Huang to personally make this trip." Lin Zhanting stepped forward and cupped his hands.
The Golden-eared Mouse was a famous Great Yao of the Golden-eared Mouse Clan. In terms of strength, Lin Zhanting was not inferior to him. However, since he had come personally, Lin Zhanting would not be rude.
"I only have one request. That is to see that person," said the Golden-eared Mouse Jin Huang.
The Ear Rats were all greedy and familiar with the ways of business.
The person who had unraveled the Great Maelstrom was in Mount Taiyi. This was an extremely important piece of information. For so many years, countless geniuses had been trapped in the Great Maelstrom among the millions of races in the Mother World. Selling this information to other races would be a profitable business. If done well, it would be enough to make up for the 15 million divine crystals.
Ling Shuang frowned. She said with a true essence sound transmission, "Uncle, you can't do this."
Lin Zhanting naturally understood. He shook his head and said, "This person is extremely important to our Taiyi Mountain. Why would he reveal his true face? Since Lord Jin Huang has already gathered all the Divine Crystals, our Extreme Celestial Mountain will naturally have a way to rescue the Ear Mouse that has fallen into the Great Whirlpool tonight. "
Jin Huang looked displeased. Even though the Rat Alliance had told him not to cause any trouble, Jin Huang was unwilling to give away the divine crystals for nothing. "It's just a business transaction. If I don't even hear a word from the person in charge, how can I be at ease?" it added.
Lin Zhanting replied politely, "If Lord Jin Huang insists on meeting this person, then we can cancel this transaction."
Jin Huang saw how resolute Lin Zhanting was. There was nothing he could do. After all, the Ear Rats had a favor to ask of Mount Taiyi. In the end, he tossed the Paramita Key to Lin Zhanting and warned, "I hope Mount Taiyi won't disappoint our Ear Rats …."
After Jin Huang left, Ling Shuang stepped forward and stored all the divine crystals in her spatial ring. She then took the Paramita Key from Lin Zhanting.
After leaving the teleportation array, Lin Zhanting revealed a strange smile. "You guys sure know how to do business."
There were 15 million divine crystals in that spatial ring! Even for Mount Taiyi, this wasn't a small sum. Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng had made such a huge sum just by strolling around the Sea of True Intent.
"This kind of business doesn't happen every day. I'm guessing that the Ear Rat trapped in the Great Whirlpool is the son of the Rat Emperor. Otherwise, why would a stingy Ear Rat be willing to pay such a large sum of divine crystals?" Ling Shuang smiled.
Encountering such a thing in the Great Whirlpool was pure luck. .
Now, Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng had passed the fourth segment line and weren't far from the sixth segment line. This was also a form of verification for Lin Zhanting.
"That kid is smart. If he didn't rely on Mount Taiyi, he probably wouldn't have been able to get this sum of divine crystals," Lin Zhanting said calmly.
Casually exposing this ability of his would definitely be risky. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he wouldn't be able to participate in such a huge transaction. However, by using Mount Taiyi, he could hide this information and safely accept this huge sum of divine crystals. It was indeed a smart move.
Ling Shuang didn't want to listen to her uncle's muttering. She only smiled and said, "I'll send it to Luo Zheng now!" Then, she transformed into a streak of light and rushed towards the teleportation array.
Aunt Ping looked at Ling Shuang's hurried figure and smiled helplessly. "Mount Taiyi has become the middleman, but there's no benefit at all. This girl is too outgoing …."
…
…
Dragon City.
In the Sword Pavilion of True Intent.
Books of True Meaning Abhijna were neatly arranged in two rows of bookshelves.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the aisle and looked at the bookshelves that extended into the distance. There was a trace of unconcealable shock in his eyes. There were probably tens of thousands of books of True Meaning Abhijna on this level of bookshelves. Moreover, the bookshelves were neatly arranged and there was almost no end to them!
"These are all Abhijna sword manuals of Sword Cloud's Eternal True Meaning?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yin Yuehuan nodded. "Mount Taiyi Heavenly Palace is the orthodox sect of the human race and has been passed down for countless years. Naturally, we have this bit of accumulation. The first level of Abhijna sword manuals doesn't require the True Meaning of Dao to be compatible. You can freely take them, but you just have to return them within a year."
"These Abhijna sword manuals can be freely taken …." Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Just as Ling Shuang said, the competition in Dragon City was fierce and cruel. However, the Heavenly Palace had contributed a lot in many aspects. Even if the Banner Lords and their subordinates weren't disciples of the Heavenly Palace, they could easily obtain True Meaning Abhijna.
"This is nothing." Yin Yuehuan smiled faintly. "There are many True Meaning Abhijna. The one that suits you the most is the best. Let's go to the second level."
Yin Yuehuan led Luo Zheng to the second level. There were much fewer True Meaning Abhijna sword manuals on the first level. There were only tens of thousands of them.
"The True Meaning Abhijna on the first level are usually provided to the Banner Lords. The rent for each True Meaning Abhijna is 8,000 god crystals," Yin Yuehuan explained.
This price wasn't cheap. Even some Banner Lords had to be very careful when choosing True Meaning Abhijna. Yin Yuehuan continued, "If you don't have money, I can lend you 8,000 god crystals."
"Lend me god crystals …." Luo Zheng was stunned. He immediately shook his head and declined. He could even pay 80,000 god crystals, let alone 8,000 god crystals. However, it depended on whether the True Meaning Abhijna was worth it.
He looked forward and saw that there was a staircase that led upwards. He immediately asked, "The third level of the True Meaning Abhijna is also used to sell True Meaning Abhijna sword manuals?"

Chapter 2704
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fusion God Sword Codex
Hearing Yin Yuehuan speak so cautiously, Luo Zheng asked, "Is the True Intent Sword Codex on the third floor extremely expensive?"
Yin Yuehuan nodded. "Except for a small number of alliance masters, Banner Lords don't dare to go up to the third floor. The price is the main problem. Moreover, the sword codex there is known as the Supreme Sword Codex. It has very strict requirements for the compatibility of the True Intent of Dao."
"There are requirements for compatibility?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Yes. It is said that the Supreme Sword Codex's requirements for compatibility are as high as 80%, 90%, and even more abnormal ones require perfect compatibility," Yin Yuehuan said.
She felt that Luo Zheng should just choose a True Intent Sword Codex on the second floor. There was no need to consider the third floor at this stage.
If the compatibility was not high enough, one would have to keep swallowing Sword Comprehension Liquid in order to practice the Supreme Sword Codex. A bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid easily cost ten to twenty thousand Divine Gems. If one kept swallowing it, it would be a shocking number!
Since Luo Zheng could comprehend Dao with a single thought, his compatibility with the True Intent of the Eternal Sword Cloud was almost perfect. The compatibility was naturally not a problem. The price … should not be a problem either. He was even more interested in the third floor.
"I want to go up to the third floor to take a look," Luo Zheng said as he looked at the stairs not far away.
Yin Yuehuan looked helpless and could only say, "Then let's go up and take a look."
Under Yin Yuehuan's lead, the two of them went up the stairs to the third floor.
Compared to the space on the first and second floors, the third floor was obviously much smaller. The moment they stepped on the floor, energy fluctuations came from the ground.
The stairs behind Luo Zheng and Yin Yuehuan had disappeared. They had completely entered another space.
In this space, there were more than a dozen light pillars shooting up into the sky. Luo Zheng looked at them and faintly saw books with light golden covers in those light pillars.
Those should be the Supreme Sword Codex that Yin Yuehuan mentioned.
Although Dragon City was at the foot of Greater One Mountain and belonged to the hinterland of Greater One Heavenly Palace, the Supreme Sword Codex was indeed very important. The necessary protective measures were very comprehensive.
At this moment, an indifferent voice sounded out, "Follow the lines under your feet. If you take a step further, you will be blasted into pieces by the Myriad Lightning Sword Formation …"
It was also the first time for Yin Yuehuan to go up to the third floor. After entering the dreamland, she was not nervous. But after hearing this, she faintly felt the Thunder Killing Sword Essence hidden in the void, and her heart trembled slightly.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had an indifferent expression. The pattern under his feet was one foot wide. He walked along the pattern and went straight for the first beam of light.
When he got close to the first light pillar, the voice rang out again, "Sword Pattern Art, three million divine gems."
Hearing this price, Yin Yuehuan smiled bitterly.
Perhaps only the wealthiest alliance masters could afford three million Divinity Gems. Even Banner Lords like Yin Yuehuan, Hao Lin, and Wang Xiao couldn't afford it even if they added all their wealth together.
"Sword Pattern Art … What's so special about this Supreme Sword Codex?" Luo Zheng asked.
The owner of the voice was very patient. He explained to Luo Zheng, "The Sword Pattern Art is actually two kinds of magical powers. One is an eye magical power, and the other is a sword magical power. It can see through all the flaws in the world. As long as you can see the flaws clearly, you can cut them into pieces with a sword."
"Is that so? If I master this Sword Pattern Art, can I cut the red stone in the square? "Luo Zheng asked.
The sudden question stunned the man for a moment. He then chuckled and said, "Of course you can if you're strong enough. But with your current cultivation, you won't be able to see through the flaws of the red stone even if you really master the sword pattern technique …"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. This Sword Pattern Art sounded good, and the price wasn't a problem. However, it had a high requirement for cultivation. Obviously, it didn't suit his purpose.
Therefore, he walked along the pattern on the ground. Just as he moved, the owner of the voice chuckled again and said, "Kid, I have to remind you that my time is very precious. If you are only going to look and not buy, then please go down to the third floor. If you are not going to buy after asking all the 13 Supreme Sword Codices here, then I will let you out only after you have collected one million Divinity Gems …"
"Ah, there's such a rule …"
Yin Yuehuan turned pale with fright.
She only knew that the guard of the third floor of the True Intent Sword Pavilion had a bad temper. She didn't expect that he would make things so difficult for people. Who could accept such a harsh choice of spending one million Divinity Gems just to look and not buy?
Yin Yuehuan suddenly understood that it wasn't easy to enter the third floor after recalling Alliance Master Cao's angry look when he came back.
"Luo Zheng, let's go out," Yin Yuehuan persuaded again.
It was indeed hard for her to imagine that Luo Zheng could take out millions of Divinity Gems in one go. It would be troublesome if they were really trapped here.
However, Luo Zheng still took a step forward and walked toward another light pillar. He wasn't nervous at all. Yin Yuehuan could only bite the bullet and follow him.
When Luo Zheng approached the second light pillar, the voice sounded again, "Life Extinguishing Sword Codices. Cultivating this magical power will allow you to unleash the full power of your Nirvana Realm Token. Selling for 3.5 million Divinity Gems …"
Unleashing the full power … It was indeed a Supreme Sword Codices. Yin Yuehuan looked at the sword codices in a daze. Her eyes were full of shock.
Most of the Nirvana Realm experts were unable to fully utilize their Nirvana Token unless they burned the Nirvana Token. Only then would they be able to squeeze out all the power within the token, but that would require them to pay the price of their lives and endless pain, so they wouldn't use it unless it was absolutely necessary.
If I could cultivate this Supreme Sword Codices, I'm afraid I could double my strength, Yin Yuehuan thought to herself. However, it was just a thought. 3.5 million Divinity Gems was not worth that much even if she sold herself.
This Supreme Sword Codices could be used, but Luo Zheng didn't have a Nirvana Realm Token yet. He could buy it in the future.
Therefore, Luo Zheng continued to move forward along the light pillars.
The Supreme Sword Codices each had their own advantages. Almost all of them demonstrated the Way of the Sword to the extreme. The further in one went, the higher the price.
When Luo Zheng stopped at the second last light pillar, he heard the voice say, "The remnant of the Fusion God Sword Codices was created by Donghuang. Back then, Donghuang wanted to integrate the 3,000 Divine Paths into his magical power and cultivate the Sword of Truth, but he failed … However, the reason for his failure was that he couldn't fuse them together. It wasn't that there was a mistake in the Fusion God Sword Codices …"
"The Fusion God Sword Codices?" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
The integration of Divine Paths had once become a trend in the Mother World. Some almighty experts with great talents had more or less dabbled in it. In the end, all of them failed, and Donghuang was one of them.
"After all, the remnant was painstakingly created by Donghuang. Because it's a remnant, the price is only 1.5 million Divinity Gems," the voice said.

Chapter 2705
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Yellow Paper
1.5 million Divine Gems was probably the cheapest among all the supreme sword manuals.
However, it was only an incomplete manual! Moreover, it was not a divine power that used the True Intent!
Yin Yuehuan was not sure if Luo Zheng could afford 1.5 million Divine Gems. Even if he could, he would not spend such a large sum of money on this.
Luo Zheng said without hesitation, "I want this Fusion God Sword Manual."
"Hmm?"
Even the people guarding the Sword Pavilion of the True Intent were slightly confused.
Although the Fusion God Sword Manual was created by Donghuang and was indeed powerful, it was an incomplete manual after all. Fusing Dao was a dead end. This kid …
"Have you fused Divine Daos before?" the voice asked.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "I am not talented. I have studied Dao Fusion before. This Fusion God Sword Manual is suitable for me."
"Interesting. Your bone age is so young, but you dare to say that you have studied Dao Fusion before. How many Divine Daos have you fused? Three gates or five gates? If you have only fused so few Divine Daos, I suggest you give up. If you want to cultivate the Fusion God Sword Manual, the most basic requirement is to fuse more than 500 Divine Daos! "
The Fusion God Sword Codex itself was also an extremely powerful sword codex. Even if it was only activated with the Tao of the Divine Path, it was still comparable to a Nirvana Realm powerhouse. If one was willing to immerse himself in the fusion of Tao, he would also be able to achieve quite a lot.
However, instead of spending so much effort on fusing Divine Daos, one might as well go to the Nirvana Realm …
Upon hearing the voice, Luo Zheng raised his hand slightly.
As the Dao Connotation of the Inner World continued to fuse, the fused energy appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Is 500 Divine Daos enough?" Luo Zheng asked.
He had fused exactly 500 Divine Daos, no more and no less.
In fact, it was difficult for others to see how many Divine Daos Luo Zheng had fused at a glance. However, looking at the complex and unstable energy in Luo Zheng's hand, most people chose to believe him.
Yin Yuehuan chuckled in her heart. The energy that Luo Zheng had fused with that day was much stronger than today's. She was also curious. How many Shinto had this brat cultivated?
The voice was also surprised. "That's enough. Hehe … If you really want to get the Fusion God Sword Codex, you can."
Luo Zheng nodded and looked at the swordsmanship manual in the light beam with satisfaction.
Then, he walked towards the last pillar of light.
What was bound in the last beam of light was not a sword manual, but a thin piece of yellow paper!
"This yellow paper …" Luo Zheng stared at it.
Separated by a layer of light, Luo Zheng couldn't see clearly what was written on the yellow paper. No matter what kind of swordsmanship manual it was, it couldn't possibly be written on a palm-sized yellow paper, could it?
That voice sounded again, "This is the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent …"
Luo Zheng and Yin Yuehuan were stunned at the same time.
The True Intent of Dao was extremely rare in the God Realm, but it was not rare in the Mother World. What was the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent recorded on a piece of yellow paper?
"In the Middle Ages, the vast majority of creatures cultivated the natural Dao. Only I, Donghuang, founded the Sword Fate Sect and used the Sword Fate to cross the sea of True Intent, laying the foundation for the Greater One Heaven Palace and establishing another orthodoxy of the Human Race. The Sanskrit recorded on this yellow paper came from the Nirvana Realm …" The voice said.
"So the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent was not invented by Lord Donghuang …" Yin Yuehuan said in a daze.
"Hur hur, the thirteen pieces of true intent were all created by those unfathomable living beings. How could we have such wisdom? The outside world said that it was Donghuang who invented the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent, but it was indeed Donghuang who brought the True Intent of Dao to the world. "The voice laughed.
Elusive creatures, presumably … it referred to those creatures in the Nirvana Realm?
When Luo Zheng was in the God Realm, he originally thought that even if the creatures in the Chaos were creatures of a higher level, it was even more so in the Mother World. Now it seemed that his judgment at that time was wrong.
The real creatures of a higher level were probably those who invented the Sanskrit in the depths of the Nirvana Realm. But now it seemed that most people did not even know the existence of these creatures of a higher level. Even if they knew, they did not know their true faces.
And 9527 must know part of it, but this guy was unwilling to say.
"Then what is the meaning of placing this yellow paper here?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Ten million Divine Gems to borrow this yellow paper for a day," the voice said immediately.
"Crazy …" Yin Yuehuan said in her heart.
Even if this yellow paper was indeed the first Sword Fate Eternal True Intent, what was the use of this thing? Who would spend ten million Divine Gems to borrow it except for some commemorative significance?
When Luo Zheng heard this price, he was also stunned. He was not as surprised as Yin Yuehuan. Since the other party was willing to offer such a price, there must be a reason behind it.
"Haha … Although Donghuang deciphered the entire Sword Fate Eternal True Intent back then, there are some additional things on this yellow paper. All the value lies in this additional information. If someone can decipher it, not to mention ten million Divine Gems, even a hundred million Divine Gems would be worth it," the voice replied.
Yin Yuehuan said, "But for so many years, no one has been able to decipher it. Even Donghuang himself could not do it. Is it possible to expect others to decipher the information?"
"This world is turbulent. Everything is possible, but the possibility is very small. That is why Donghuang put the yellow paper here. Maybe one day a fated person will come," the voice said.
Luo Zheng looked at the yellow paper, and there was a faint look of interest in his eyes … But then again, if even Donghuang could not decipher the Sanskrit, could Luo Nian do it?
This was ten million Divine Gems!
If Luo Nian could not decipher it, or if the information on it was completely useless, then the ten million Divine Gems would be wasted.
Although Luo Zheng had a huge fortune in his hands, and ten million Divine Gems was not a large sum, he had a heavy responsibility on his shoulders. He could not casually throw out Divine Gems. He needed to consider this matter carefully.
At this moment, another figure appeared at the entrance of this alternate space. That figure shouted from afar, "Luo Zheng, are you here?"
When he heard Ling Shuang's voice, Luo Zheng turned his head and responded.
"Why have you come to the third floor of the True Intent Sword Pavilion? The supreme sword manuals here are all very expensive. If you want any of them, I will beg Aunt Ping to make a copy for you …" Ling Shuang said.
Yin Yuehuan was shocked. How could supreme sword manuals be casually made a copy? She said it so casually. Who was this girl?
The guard of the True Intent Sword Pavilion was even more furious. Seeing that his business was about to be ruined, he said angrily, "Who dares to barge into my True Intent Sword Pavilion?!"

Chapter 2706
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Discount!
The figure of a man slowly appeared in the void. This man was handsome and had a pair of arched eyebrows. He looked quite dignified.
He looked at Ling Shuang and said angrily, "Xiao Shuang, why are you here in Dragon City instead of cultivating in Taiyi Mountain?"
Ling Shuang blinked and smiled at Luo Zheng. "I'm here to deliver something!"
Although the fact that Luo Zheng had solved the maelstrom had been known by others, there were no more than ten people who knew the inside story. Naturally, she would not brazenly expose the matter of the fifteen million divine crystals.
Then, she walked to Luo Zheng and stuffed the sumeru ring into his hand. At the same time, she winked at him and said, "You can tell me directly if you've taken a fancy to that sword manual. I've also picked a True Meaning Divine Ability for you. I just forgot to give it to you …"
A year ago, Ling Shuang had already picked a True Meaning Divine Ability. However, Luo Zheng hadn't been to the Sea of True Meaning for a long time. He was in a hurry these two times, so this matter was naturally delayed.
Uncle Qing was instantly depressed. He secretly observed that Luo Zheng wasn't someone who couldn't afford it. There were only a few people who could visit the third floor of the True Meaning Sword Pavilion. It wasn't easy to find a rich person, but he was going to be taken away by Ling Shuang. How could he be happy?
"Xiao Shuang, even if you have copies of these supreme sword manuals in Taiyi Mountain, this is Dragon City. You can't do this …" Uncle Qing said helplessly.
"So what? If it wasn't for the Heavenly Palace's obstruction, Granny would have even passed the Taiyi Sword Art to him. We don't care about the supreme sword manuals here! "Ling Shuang said.
"What …" Uncle Qing was stunned.
Yin Yuehuan's body shook violently.
Although she knew that Luo Zheng's background wasn't simple, the Taiyi Sword Art was the strongest divine ability of the master of Taiyi Mountain! This sword divine ability was only passed down among the direct disciples.
Luo Zheng was qualified to cultivate the Taiyi Sword Art, but was stopped by the Heavenly Palace? What was going on?
Although she couldn't figure out the inside story, Luo Zheng's background was once again beyond her expectations.
So did Uncle Qing. He only knew that Luo Zheng was a disciple of a big family in the Center God Province. He had been sent to Dragon City by his family and had plenty of Divine Gems to spend.
But as Ling Shuang had said, the situation might be different.
In the blink of an eye, Uncle Qing's expression had changed. "These supreme sword manuals were painstakingly created by the Heavenly Palace. Even if you want to pass them on to others, the Great Celestial Mountain will need to pay contribution points. Compared to the precious contribution points, my price is not considered expensive."
The Supreme Sword Mantra would not be passed down to a nameless person. Every cultivator had proof of it, and it could not be passed down to others privately. Once it was found out, the cultivator would be severely punished in the Heavenly Palace. Ling Shuang said that making a copy of it for Luo Zheng would also cost Mount Taiyi merit points.
"Granny will definitely agree." Ling Shuang did not care about the merits.
"How about this? For the sake of the Great Celestial Mountain, I'll give you a 20% discount for all the supreme sword manuals here. How about that?" Uncle Qing said.
Luo Zheng also said, "Xiao Shuang, since I'm already in Dragon City, let's follow Dragon City's rules."
Although Ling Shuang's consolation made him feel better, Luo Zheng did not intend to owe the Great Celestial Mountain too much.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had made up his mind, Ling Shuang said, "Then let's give you a bigger discount. At least 40%!"
"How can we do that? This price is simply an insult to the supreme sword manuals …"
"50%!"
"30% …"
Ling Shuang was eloquent. She haggled with Uncle Qing for a while and finally lowered the price to 40%.
This price was barely acceptable. Even if Ling Shuang made a copy, the Great Celestial Mountain would have to pay around 50% off. Uncle Qing was only giving in for Ling Shuang's sake.
Yin Yuehuan was even more shocked. A 40% discount meant so many Divine Crystals less. Who was this girl? How could she haggle with the owner of the Zhenyi Sword Pavilion like this …
After confirming the discount, Luo Zheng chose the Fusion God Sword Manual first.
Although he had the Imperial Sword Seal now, the Tengshe Sword could easily expose his identity. He did not dare to use it normally. If the Fusion God Sword Manual could increase the power of the Fusion God Sword, it was also something he urgently needed.
"This is not even a Zhenyi Sword Technique. You only plan to choose one that uses the Divine Dao?" Ling Shuang asked.
Luo Zheng's gaze finally landed on the ninth light pillar. Just now, when he looked at the light pillars one by one, he also memorized these supreme sword manuals. This supreme sword manual was called the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Manual. It was also an extremely powerful supreme sword manual. The key was that it was equally powerful without relying on the Nirvana Realm Token.
"There's also this one," Luo Zheng said.
After a 40% discount, the two supreme sword manuals were priced at 3.2 million Divine Crystals. It was a very good deal.
Not to mention Luo Zheng's wealth, just the Sumeru Ring that Ling Shuang handed over just now had 15 million Divine Crystals. This was a sky-high price for others, but it was a piece of cake for Luo Zheng.
As for the yellow paper that recorded the Sword Technique Eternity, Luo Zheng was also interested in it. However, he did not want it this time.
After choosing the sword manuals, the three of them left the third floor together. Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the third floor, he turned his head and asked, "Is there a 40% discount for the Zhenyi Sword Manual on the second floor?"
Before Uncle Qing could say anything, Ling Shuang had already replied, "Of course! I don't want the sword manuals on the second floor for free. I think it's better to give them a 40% discount … "
Uncle Qing smiled helplessly. Everyone said that the granddaughter of the Taiyi Mountain Lord was a mischievous person. Today, he had seen it for himself. He could only say helplessly, "Fine, 40% it is. I'll sell them at a loss today!"
When they reached the second floor, Luo Zheng also focused on choosing seven or eight Zhenyi Sword Manuals. These were prepared for Qiu Yi, Yue Baicheng, and the other disciples of the academy.
Although it was the Banner Lord's job to choose sword manuals for his subordinates, most Banner Lords would choose the Zhenyi Sword Manuals on the first floor.
The only person who could be as generous as Luo Zheng was the Alliance Master.
After choosing on the second floor, they went to the first floor. The Zhenyi Sword Manuals here were the most abundant. The requirements for talent were low, and most importantly, they were free. Ling Shuang was completely dazzled. She didn't even know that the Sky Palace had so many sword manuals. Naturally, she couldn't give any advice.
However, Yin Yuehuan was very familiar with them. She quickly helped Luo Zheng choose seventy to eighty Zhenyi Sword Manuals …
Just as the three of them walked out of the Zhenyi Sword Pavilion, they heard a strange voice. "Eh? He's the youngest banner master in Dragon City, and he's actually here to pick a sword manual? "
Luo Zheng looked up. The person who spoke was Zhao Hao. Behind him was a row of white-robed disciples. Wang Xiao was looking at Luo Zheng with a sinister gaze.
This Zhao Hao wasn't a Banner Lord. How could he enter Dragon City?
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling confused, Zhao Hao's gaze landed on Ling Shuang. His eyes lit up and his heart thumped. "I didn't see such a beauty under your banner that day …"

Chapter 2707
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Someone You Shouldn't Provoke
Luo Zheng and Yin Yuehuan didn't say anything, but Ling Shuang raised her delicate eyebrows. "Join you? Are you qualified? "
Zhao Hao laughed. "Our Banner Leader Wang is about to be promoted to League Chief. Once I reach the Nirvana Realm, I'll replace Banner Leader Wang as the Great Banner Leader. Do you think I'm qualified?"
Seeing Zhao Hao's eyes scanning Ling Shuang's body, Luo Zheng's eyes turned cold. He said indifferently, "Let's go."
But this Zhao Hao was unwilling to give up. He stood in front of Ling Shuang and hurriedly said, "If I become a Banner Lord, I can also help you become a Banner Lord. This kind of opportunity is hard to come by for others. Don't miss it …"
Ling Shuang was stopped by Zhao Hao. Her eyes turned colder and colder. She scolded, "Get out of my way!"
Being scolded by this little beauty in front of so many of his fellow disciples, Zhao Hao felt embarrassed. He said in a low voice, "Don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. You can't fight in Dragon City, but outside of Dragon City …"
Before he could finish his words, Ling Shuang had already raised her hand.
She didn't even draw her sword, but there was a flash of light that flew out!
The flash of light was infused with Gist of Trueness. It was extremely sharp. Wang Xiao, who was behind Zhao Hao, didn't even have time to react. The flash of light had already passed by Zhao Hao's left side.
"Cha …"
Everyone heard a soft sound. One of Zhao Hao's arms fell to the ground.
"So fast …" Luo Zheng was shocked.
In the Sea of Trueness, Ling Shuang wasn't that strong. Most of the time, she relied on the Soul Oracle Necklace. He didn't expect her to cultivate Trueness to such a level. This sword art was really sharp. If it was Luo Zheng, he might not be able to resist it.
Wang Xiao, who was standing behind, didn't expect this little girl to attack!
Dragon City had its rules. Even if Wang Xiao hated Luo Zheng to death, he wouldn't kill Luo Zheng in public. Doing so would only bring trouble to himself.
He was planning to lure Luo Zheng into the Tower of Life and Death and end Luo Zheng's life there.
But this little girl didn't seem to know the rules of Dragon City at all. She just attacked like that …
"Since you dare to make a move in Dragon City, it seems that I will have to carry out the City Lord's mission." Seeing this, Wang Xiao stepped forward.
He understood the rules of Dragon City and knew how to make use of them. Since this little girl had made the first move, he had nothing to worry about.
As his aura surged, Wang Xiao charged at Ling Shuang, intending to capture her.
At this time, Yin Yuehuan moved slightly and unsheathed her long sword. She said coldly, "Wang Xiao, stop if you don't want to die!"
Wang Xiao had never been on good terms with Yin Yuehuan. Normally, he would have some misgivings about Yin Yuehuan. However, he was about to become the Alliance Leader. How could he still put Yin Yuehuan in his eyes?
"You think you can stop me?" Wang Xiao shouted, and a three-foot-long sharp light suddenly leaped out of his hand.
"Sou!"
The sword momentum, which was as sharp as the breath of a spirit snake, immediately forced Yin Yuehuan away.
Ling Shuang was extremely strong among her peers. On one hand, her talent was not bad. She was only slightly weaker than Luo Zheng. On the other hand, the swordsmanship manual she cultivated was extremely powerful. Even people like Zhao Hao, who were at the eighth or ninth step, were no match for her.
However, Wang Xiao had stepped into the Nirvana Realm for a long time. When such a powerful Nirvana Realm master got serious, how could she stand a chance?
Although she also had the Hermit's supernatural power to protect her body, when faced with Wang Xiao's sudden attack, she kept retreating. Her small face was also pale.
"Break!"
At this time, Luo Zheng stepped forward bravely.
The Sword of Dao, which was mixed with a huge power, exploded!
Facing a master like Wang Xiao, Luo Zheng could not resist now. However, that did not mean that he had given up!
"You dare to make a move on me?" Wang Xiao saw Luo Zheng making a move, but he was happy.
If Luo Zheng did not make a move, he really could not do anything to Luo Zheng.
Since this brat wanted to die, he had an excuse to kill Luo Zheng. At least, if he killed Luo Zheng under such circumstances, Dragon City could not punish him. After all, Luo Zheng was the one who made the first move!
The sword in Wang Xiao's hand suddenly turned and changed direction, going straight for Luo Zheng's forehead!
"No!"
Seeing that Wang Xiao wanted to kill Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang was even more anxious, especially since this dispute was caused by her.
At this time, Ling Shuang was very regretful. Usually, when she left Taiyi Mountain, there would be powerful Nirvana Realm masters following her. Today, she only came to Dragon City and did not expect any accidents.
When the sword was less than a foot away from Luo Zheng's face, a dull voice suddenly came from the True Intent Sword Pavilion. "You dare to make a move on Xiao Shuang in Dragon City? Do you have a death wish?"
Whoosh —
Inside the True Intent Sword Pavilion, another sharp sword ray shot out.
And this sword ray was more than a hundred times stronger than Wang Xiao's sword ray. The sword ray flew over, and everyone heard a crisp "ding" sound.
Wang Xiao's entire body was frozen in place. The three-foot-long Sharpness in his hand had already turned into a broken sword, and the other part of the sword had long since flown off to who knows where. The hand that held the sword was trembling uncontrollably, and the gaze he used to look at the Sword Pavilion of True Intent was clearly filled with terror.
He could tell that the person who spoke was from the guardian of the True Intent Sword Pavilion. Wang Xiao had accompanied Alliance Master Liu to the third floor a year ago. Even the powerful Alliance Master Liu trembled in fear when facing this voice.
What did he mean by his words? Could it be that the guardian of the True Intent Sword Pavilion knew this little girl?
At this time, the guards guarding Dragon City also flew over. The leader of the guards, Zuo Qin, scolded coldly, "Who dares to make a move in Dragon City?! Do you know the consequences? "
Seeing this, Wang Xiao decisively threw away the broken sword in his hand and pointed at Ling Shuang, saying, "It's her! She broke one of my disciple's arms because of a disagreement! "
Zuo Qin looked at Ling Shuang and said coldly, "Is what he said true?"
Ling Shuang said proudly, "It's me. So what? Even if I killed him, so what? "
"You …"
The strength and status of the guards guarding Dragon City were not low. Even the alliance masters didn't dare to speak to Zuo Qin like this.
Just as Zuo Qin's face darkened and he was about to explode, a True Intent Sword Pavilion voice transmission sounded in his ear.
After Zuo Qin finished listening to the true essence sound transmission, his complexion suddenly changed, and he looked at Ling Shuang with awe and reverence.
"What about me?" Ling Shuang stared at Zuo Qin and asked.
"No, nothing … you may leave," Zuo Qin said respectfully.
Ling Shuang saw Zuo Qin's face change and glanced at the True Intent Sword Pavilion. She made a face and said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go!"
Seeing Zuo Qin let them go so easily, Wang Xiao panicked and said, "Master Zuo, this, this …"
But Zuo Qin ignored Wang Xiao. After Ling Shuang and the others left, Zuo Qin patted Wang Xiao's shoulder and said, "For the sake of Alliance Master Liu, don't blame me for not reminding you. There are some people you can't afford to provoke. If this little girl had asked me to kill you, I'm afraid I would have had no choice but to obey. You're on your own."

Chapter 2708
Distribution of Swordsmanship Manuals
Ling Shuang's mood was not too affected by the shock.
She rarely went down the mountain, but she was very interested, walking and stopping in Dragon City.
Yin Yuehuan acted as a temporary guide, and also gave Luo Zheng a comprehensive understanding of Dragon City.
"This is the Life and Death Pagoda. If the conflict is too big to be resolved, you can fight to the death here," Yin Yuehuan said, pointing to a white square pagoda not far away.
Luo Zheng felt a strong evil aura in this white square pagoda. This square pagoda was cleaned frequently, but he could still see faint bloodstains.
The people who entered Dragon City were all kinds of people, and there were many people from big families and big forces. For their own interests, there would naturally be many conflicts. Dragon City used such a barbaric method to resolve these conflicts.
"Over there is the Blood Purification Palace," Yin Yuehuan pointed to another triangular white building, "It is said that when you are promoted to Alliance Leader, you will be rewarded with a drop of Emperor Bloodline!" Speaking of this, Yin Yuehuan's face was full of yearning.
"Emperor Bloodline?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Ling Shuang said faintly, "It is the Emperor Bloodline of our Heavenly Palace …"
With her explanation, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
The Chiyou Clan had their own bloodline, so Taiyi Heavenly Palace could not have it.
"Xiao Shuang's bloodline must not be simple, right?" Yin Yuehuan suddenly changed the topic and asked.
Yin Yuehuan was very curious about who Xiao Shuang was. She knew that the children of the strong warriors on the mountain top were most proud of not their talent, but the density of their bloodline.
Ling Shuang smiled faintly, but did not answer this question.
The three of them walked all the way to the gate of Dragon City, then Ling Shuang left …
… …
"Another day has passed. Okay, let's go gather the people under the banner," Yin Yuehuan said.
"Where are they now? Still outside Dragon City? "Luo Zheng asked.
What Luo Zheng saw outside Dragon City was a barren plain, but there was nothing there. Every Banner Master had many people under him. It was impossible for such a large group of people to just stand there in a daze, right?
"Follow me and you will know," Yin Yuehuan said with a smile.
She then led Luo Zheng all the way to the northwest. After traveling for more than three hundred li, a cluster of low houses appeared on the barren plains. Unexpectedly, that place was connected to a market square.
The people under the banner also needed some basic items and needed to trade. Since they couldn't enter Dragon City, they could only build their own market. As the market continued to develop, the scale of these markets gradually reached the level of a small city.
Under Yin Yuehuan's summons, Luo Zheng quickly saw the academy disciples. Yue Baicheng, Qiu Siyuan, and the others seemed to be in a good mood. When they left, they looked reluctant to part.
When Luo Zheng asked, he learned that Qiu Siyuan had taken out some of his private stashes and sold them for a good price in the market. Those private stashes were not worth much in the Seven Stars Province. It seemed that Qiu Siyuan had a talent for business.
After bringing the disciples back to the plain, Luo Zheng had already inserted the flag into the ground.
Maybe it was because of what happened during the day, or maybe it was because of Yin Yuehuan, but the other Banner Masters didn't stop Luo Zheng.
"Lord Banner Master! Aren't we still missing something? "Yue Baihao suddenly called out.
Luo Zheng looked at him strangely. "What are we missing?"
Yue Baihao pointed at the empty space on the flag. It turned out that Luo Zheng's flag was empty, but the other Banner Masters had written their surnames on it.
But since the others had written on it, he naturally didn't want to be an exception. When Luo Zheng took out his ink brush, Yue Baihao took out an ink brush as if he was performing a magic trick. This ink brush was actually dipped in gold powder. "I bought it in the market square. The words written on it are sparkling gold and will never fade …"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes at him, but still used his ink brush to write a large "Luo" character on the flag.
After he finished, Yue Baihao and the others praised him. Qiu Siyuan asked, "I wonder what's in Dragon City. Does Lord Banner Master know anything about it?"
From Luo Zheng's point of view, Dragon City wasn't mysterious at all. Not allowing people under their banner to enter Dragon City was just one of the Heavenly Palace's methods.
"Dragon City isn't much different from Seven Star City, but I picked out some True Intent Sword Scriptures for you all," Luo Zheng said.
"True Intent Sword Scriptures?"
"True Intent Theurgy!"
Even Yue Baicheng and the others' eyes suddenly lit up.
Although these academy disciples had come into contact with many True Intent Theurgies in Dao Sword Palace, how could Dao Sword Palace compare to Great One Heavenly Palace?
Seeing the academy disciples' expectant gazes, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. With a light flick of his finger, True Intent Sword Scriptures appeared in front of him.
"Brother Huabei, distribute these True Intent Sword Scriptures one by one," Luo Zheng said.
"Yes, Lord Banner Master!" Lai Huabei quickly picked up these True Intent Sword Scriptures.
But Luo Zheng stopped him and asked, "What … happened to you all today?"
Normally, everyone addressed each other as brothers, but after he made a trip to Dragon City, these people all changed their address and called him Lord Banner Master. Although it didn't get in the way, Luo Zheng felt that it was strange.
"Brother Luo Zheng is our Banner Master, so we naturally have to change the way we address you. We've already discussed it," Yue Baicheng said with a smile.
So this group of people had already discussed it.
When Luo Zheng first came to Great One Heavenly Palace, these academy disciples were just collateral. Luo Zheng didn't have any obligation to take care of them. Luo Zheng brought them away from Great Yi Mountain because of Aunt Lan's sarcastic words.
Now that Luo Zheng had become their Banner Master, these academy disciples could only rely on Luo Zheng, so there were some rules that they had to follow. This was proposed by Yue Baicheng, and it was agreed upon by all the academy disciples.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to say something, one of the academy disciples suddenly shouted, "Drizzle Sword Scriptures! This is the sword technique that our academy cultivates! "
"Earth Blue Sword Scriptures …"
"Invisible Wind Sword Divine Ability …"
When Yue Baicheng heard the names of the sword scriptures, his eyes were filled with excitement.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Have you all seen these sword scriptures before?"
One must know that there were probably hundreds of thousands of free sword scriptures on the first floor of the True Intent Sword Pavilion. It was as vast as smoke, and the free sword scriptures that Yin Yuehuan helped to choose were only one in ten thousand of them.
Yue Baicheng shook his head, "No."
"Then you all seem to be experts?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Yue Baicheng smiled, "But we've all read the Sword Scriptures Compendium. These sword scriptures are all recorded in the Sword Scriptures Compendium. The Sword Scriptures Compendium divides the True Intent Sword Scriptures into six levels, and they are all level four. Our Dao Sword Palace only has seven level four sword scriptures.
Level four sword scriptures were very rare in the Dao Sword Palace. Even academy disciples like Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi had to wait until they reached the Nirvana Realm before they were qualified to come in contact with them.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded.
Yue Baicheng was naturally very interested in the True God Sword Scriptures, but he, Qiu Yi, and the rest watched as Lai Huabei handed out the sword scriptures, but it wasn't their turn yet. They looked at each other, and finally looked at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2709
Reentering the Great Maelstrom
The sword manuals on the second floor of the True Intent Sword Pavilion had requirements for compatibility with the True Intent of Dao. Luo Zheng could only buy them for talented disciples like Yue Baicheng.
Luo Zheng didn't know how the Dao Sword Palace rated the sword manuals.
Under the eager gazes of Yue Baicheng and the others, Luo Zheng took out the seven or eight sword manuals.
Yue Baicheng took them from Luo Zheng. When he saw the "Three Brahma Sword Manual" on the cover, his expression changed slightly.
Qiu Yi and the others also came over and took a sword manual from Yue Baicheng's hands. Their eyes widened. "The Divine River Stance Sword Manual! This is the sword manual that the previous palace lord cultivated! "
Yue Bai Cheng nodded solemnly. "These sutras are all level six sword sutras. They belong to the top True Meaning Divine Abilities in the Book of Swords … Lord Banner Lord must have paid a great price to obtain these sword sutras!
Luo Zheng waved his hand.
He had just entered the Mother World and had already earned 15 million Divine Gems. Although this large amount of Divine Gems was obtained by chance, it was enough for him to use for a long time. These seven or eight sword manuals added up to only about 300,000 Divine Gems.
"Lord Banner Lord, can I learn this sword manual?" Qiu Yi's eyes were so excited that they seemed to be dripping with water.
The other disciples were trembling as they held onto the swordsmanship manuals.
In the eyes of the Dao Sword Palace disciples, these sword manuals were legendary existences. Even the direct descendants of the Qiu and Yue Baicheng families weren't allowed to touch them.
Only core members of the Dao Sword Palace had the right to learn them.
"These sword manuals were originally prepared for you." Luo Zheng smiled.
All the disciples held the sword manuals and began to read them carefully. The surroundings quieted down.
Luo Zheng looked up at the sky. There was still an hour before nightfall. He found a corner and opened the Fusion God Sword Manual.
Just as Yue Baicheng had said, the Sword Catalog divided sword manuals into six levels.
Since the Fusion God Sword Codex in his hand was known as a supreme sword codex, it probably wasn't recorded in the Sword Collection Book.
But these supreme sword mantras were most likely not the pinnacle of the Sword Dao. The sword mantras that could guarantee the establishment of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace could not be measured using divine crystals. For example, the Taiyi Sword Mantra that Ling Shuang mentioned was the ultimate technique of the Taiyi Mountain Lord. It was impossible for the Taiyi Sword Mantra to appear in the True Meaning Sword Pavilion.
Luo Zheng opened the first page of the Soul-Melting Sword Codex. When he saw the first line of words, he was slightly stunned. It was not a sword formula, but a series of self-answering questions.
"What is truth?"
"It is a principle that applies throughout the ages and throughout the world!"
"Merging with the Dao is a dream?"
"All things in the world have their principles, converging together to obtain the beginning and the end!"
"…"
This was not a divine ability. Instead, it was more like Donghuang's personal understanding of the Dao Fusion.
"Heh heh heh, this guy was quite ambitious when he compiled the Soul-Melting Sword Codex. He really thought he could comprehend the Sword of Truth …" 9527, who had been silent all this time, took the opportunity to speak.
"It seems that the Dao Fusion was very popular back then," Luo Zheng said.
"Of course, if you could really merge with the Dao, you could comprehend all the truths in the unified energy, surpassing all the Ancient Gods of Chaos, and even surpassing all the past and time. That would be the real immortality. Who could refuse such a temptation?" 9527 laughed. "Unfortunately, they all gave up in the end. Now I guess you are the only one who hasn't given up …"
Luo Zheng shook his head and ignored 9527. Even if he was faced with failure in the end, he had no intention of giving up.
What's more, the Dao Fusion energy was not weak. Practicing the Soul-Melting Sword Codex could make full use of its strengths.
Continuing to read the Soul-Melting Sword Codex, Luo Zheng was gradually attracted by the content, and his eyes became brighter and brighter!
There were only three moves recorded in the Soul-Melting Sword Codex, namely "Three Burions Sword," "Six Burions Sword," and "Thousand Burions Sword." Reading like this, Luo Zheng was also very excited.
As expected of the creator of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace, his thinking was very clear. He divided the Dao Fusion energy into three stages, and the power of each stage was different. It almost brought the Dao Fusion energy to the extreme.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's "Sword of Dao Fusion" was like using gold as a stone. Every time he integrated a Divine Path, his power would increase a little, but it was only relying on the power of the Dao Fusion energy.
In addition to the Three Swords of the Soul-Melting Sword, the Sword of Truth was also mentioned at the end. But the Sword of Truth was just Donghuang's speculation, so the Soul-Melting Sword Codex could only be called a remnant.
"This Soul-Melting Sword Codex still needs to be comprehended calmly …"
Today, Luo Zheng just skimmed through it. No matter how talented he was, it was impossible for him to master it in a short time.
Unknowingly, an hour had passed. When he closed the Soul-Melting Sword Codex, a ray of starlight shot out from the Dragon City again. The starlight kept splitting, and finally turned into thousands of silver swords that fell down.
After putting away the Soul-Melting Sword Codex, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and silently recited the Eternal Sword Essence. His soul had already entered the Sea of Essence.
Just as Luo Zheng entered the Sea of Essence, he heard the voice of the Ear Mouse not far away. "I've already given you the divine crystals. Why are you still dragging your feet?"
"What's the hurry? Is ten million divine crystals a lot? "Ling Shuang replied.
It turned out that Ling Shuang had already entered the Sea of Essence. The Ear Mouse was afraid of being stood up, so he kept urging her.
"You're finally here! Squeak squeak! "The Ear Mouse saw Luo Zheng outside the whirlpool and became excited.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Ear Mouse, then said to Ling Shuang, "Wait for me. When the whirlpool opens, let the Ear Mouse go first."
He then left the Sea of Essence.
"Why did he run away again?!" The Ear Mouse was anxious again.
Ling Shuang ignored the Ear Mouse and just stood guard by the side of the whirlpool.
In order to open the whirlpool, Luo Zheng's physical body had to be used. However, his physical body was still stuck at the second line.
During the day, Luo Zheng had asked Yin Yuehuan about it. There were no secret cultivation rooms outside the Dragon City. If he wanted to find a place to hide, he would have to go underground. Many people did that.
After leaving the Sea of Essence, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and pressed lightly on the ground. A huge force spread downwards. With a slight vibration, he dug out a huge pit that was thirty meters deep.
After entering, Luo Zheng set up a restriction and hid his body inside.
The others were either concentrating on comprehending the True Intent or wandering in the Sea of Essence or the other shore. Even if they noticed Luo Zheng's actions, they wouldn't interfere.
After Luo Zheng released his flame, he once again landed on the red Sea of Essence.
Compared to his soul, it was easier to cross the sea with his physical body.
The third line and the fourth line had some resistance, but it didn't affect Luo Zheng much.
After swimming in the Sea of Essence for four hours, he could already see the whirlpool. He could even faintly see the figures of Ling Shuang and the Ear Mouse.
The Ear Mouse only knew that Luo Zheng could open the whirlpool. As for what method he used, Luo Zheng didn't want to reveal it to him. This time, he simply went into the whirlpool from the other side. His whole body was sucked into the whirlpool in the waves of the Sea of Essence.

Chapter 2710
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Dark Domain
Luo Zheng was quickly sucked to the bottom of the sea by the waterspout.
As he focused his gaze, he quickly discovered the candlelight.
The only difference was that the candle light was slightly yellow. It was probably because the True Meaning seawater in the whirlpool had been dyed.
"I wonder if there are any green bats near this candle …"
As he approached the candle, Luo Zheng was very careful.
The green bats were powerful souls, but they were not much of a threat to Luo Zheng's physical body.
Just as he reached for the candle, balls of green light appeared around him. Just as Luo Zheng expected, the four green bats appeared.
The process was the same as before. He had to rely on his physical body to tear these soul creatures to shreds.
Then, Luo Zheng reached out and extinguished the candle flame. The tornado in the sea instantly disappeared.
From the surface of the sea, the dyed seawater was no longer trapped by the whirlpool. It surged in all directions, and the yellow seawater spread out …
Of course, the Ear Mouse also escaped the whirlpool.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
It seemed to be extremely excited, using strange language to express its excitement. The short boat of True Meaning circled around Ling Shuang continuously.
After circling a few times, the Ear Mouse stopped. It stared at Ling Shuang and said, "Squeak, why don't we cooperate? This is a huge business opportunity! There are many people trapped in the whirlpool. If we let them out, we can earn more than ten million Deity crystals! "
The reason why the Eared Mice were so rich was because they were good at business.
Ling Shuang said calmly, "I've already let you out. Leave."
"Squeak, Taiyi Mountain can cooperate with us. Squeak, squeak …" The Ear Mouse continued to pester Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang looked at the sea around her, and she became anxious.
Luo Zheng must have handed the candle to her, but he had not shown up. Did he encounter danger at the bottom of the sea?
"Taiyi Mountain is not interested in cooperating. Get lost!" Ling Shuang's aura turned cold, and her soul aura hid a sharp killing intent.
The Ear Mouse saw that Ling Shuang was about to attack, and he was confused. He felt depressed, but he still steered the True Change Boat away. Still, he wasn't going to give up on this deal.
After Ear Mouse walked away, Ling Shuang heard the sound of water splashing behind her. Only then did she feel relieved.
"Did it go well?" Ling Shuang asked.
Luo Zheng tossed the candle onto Ling Shuang's boat and replied with a grin, "Why does that guy keep pestering you?"
Ling Shuang frowned and said, "It wants to do business. It wants to solve the other Great Whirlpools …"
"If I wanted to do this business, I wouldn't need to cooperate with Ear Mouse." Luo Zheng smiled coldly.
To be able to place the candles at the bottom of the Sea of True Intent, who knew what kind of powerful existence it was. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, taking away three to four candles was already the limit. If by any chance it attracted the other party's attention, Luo Zheng would probably not be able to bear the consequences!
"So I rejected it and chased it away." Ling Shuang smiled sweetly.
"Wait for me."
Luo Zheng once again withdrew his physical body from the Sea of True Intent. Not long after, the Sun Soul and the True Intent boat returned.
Now that he had settled down in Dragon City, survival was no longer his primary goal. With the help of the Heavenly Palace's resources, Luo Zheng was bound to quickly improve his cultivation.
After Ling Shuang handed the candle to Luo Zheng, the two once again crossed into the depths of the Sea of True Intent.
…
…
In the depths of the endless Dark Domain, a tentacle slowly moved at the bottom of the swamp.
When the tentacle broke through the swamp, a faint light was ignited. It was a silver-white candle light.
The most valuable thing in the Dark Domain was not the Soul Core, but the light.
Darkness eventually covered this endless swamp. Every time the candle light lit up, all kinds of huge bats, flying mosquitoes, and strange insects would quickly gather.
These were all creatures created by the soul, but they were much more powerful than the ordinary Sun Soul.
However, the candlelight was fatal to these soul creatures. Anyone who approached it would be ignited by the candlelight and burned to a crisp. Even so, these soul creatures continued to advance one after another.
"Bang!"
The tentacle suddenly lashed out in the air.
A circle of pale white force field formed around the candle flame, blocking those annoying soul creatures outside.
Not long after, another figure appeared around the force field.
It was a woman of the human race, but she had a pair of large butterfly wings on her back. In the darkness, the candlelight outlined her graceful figure.
"Lord Suo, why did you summon me?" The woman looked greedily at the candle light and asked softly.
"In one month, two candles have been extinguished," a strange voice came from the bottom of the swamp.
The woman thought for a moment, then asked curiously, "Is there a big storm in the Sea of Moon?"
"There shouldn't be," the strange voice replied.
"That is indeed strange …" The woman couldn't understand. When a Sun Soul entered the Sea of True Intent, it would be completely disintegrated. Who could extinguish the candle? She said again, "Do you need me to send someone to investigate?"
"No need. With so many candles arranged, there will always be some accidents. You … have to speed up your progress," the strange voice continued.
"We also want to speed up, but we don't have enough candles," the woman said helplessly.
"The palace has already rushed to make thousands of candles. I will have them sent over as soon as possible," the strange voice said again.
The woman's face was full of joy, "Yes, Lord Suo!" Then she said, "But Lord Suo … to seal the Sea of True Intent, I'm afraid you will need millions, or even tens of millions of candles. The current number is far from enough, and it can't even cause trouble for them. Those lower life forms have even learned to dye the whirlpools!"
She had also discovered not long ago that the color of most of the whirlpools in the Sea of True Intent had changed. After careful observation, she discovered that the whirlpools had been dyed by someone to prevent people from entering by mistake.
"Hahaha … these are all meaningless actions. It's not just the Dark Realm that placed the candles. You just need to do as I say," the voice said lightly.
"Understood!" The woman bowed.
Then the tentacle suddenly waved, and the candle that had just been lit flew towards the woman. The tentacle then slowly retracted into the depths of the swamp.
The woman impatiently rushed up and held the candle firmly in her hand, staring at the candle's sparks as if it was a treasure.
Light was an eternal luxury here.
As the force field disappeared, the surrounding soul creatures surrounded them again.
This woman was not as gentle as Lord Suo. Facing these disgusting insects that wanted to share the light, she had always killed them without mercy!

Chapter 2711
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sword Training Pagoda
Starting from the fourth section, the pressure of the Sea of True Intent continued to increase.
The deep chill from the sea rushed straight to the Yang Soul. Sometimes, it even gave people the illusion that their souls were frozen.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang still maintained their speed.
After all, as long as they were willing and had enough Soul Elixirs, it was no problem for them to cross a section in a day. This speed was reasonable in their eyes, but in the eyes of outsiders, it was extremely terrifying.
This time, they still encountered some trouble when they rushed to the end of the fourth section. The waves of the Sea of True Intent became very violent near the fourth section. Luo Zheng's True Intent boat almost flipped over, but he still gritted his teeth and rushed over.
The next day, the sun rose in the sky.
Luo Zheng, who opened his eyes, emitted a stronger aura.
After two days in Dragon City, Luo Zheng had already crossed the third section and the fourth section. Yin Yuehuan was speechless when she saw Luo Zheng's speed of improvement.
Yue Baicheng and the others were full of admiration when they saw Luo Zheng's speed of improvement. After all, they were still wandering around the first section.
"With your speed, I'm afraid it won't be long before you surpass me …" Yin Yuehuan sighed and said.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I'm afraid I'll have to trouble Banner Master Yin to take care of my people today. I want to go to Dragon City again."
"You don't need me to accompany you?" Yin Yuehuan's beautiful eyes flashed faintly.
"No need. I'm familiar with the general rules of Dragon City. I just don't need to enter the Life and Death Pagoda. If I can't make it back in a few days, I'll have to trouble Banner Master Yin to take care of my people," Luo Zheng said.
There were no secret cultivation rooms outside Dragon City, not even a decent cave. If he focused on cultivating the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent, it wouldn't matter. The Sky Palace's arrangement was understandable. After all, most of the outsiders who joined Dragon City first comprehended the True Intent of Dao and crossed to the other side.
However, Luo Zheng had the Fusion God Sword Technique and the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Technique. He needed to spend time and effort to master them. Naturally, he needed a suitable place to cultivate.
Yin Yuehuan naturally agreed. She only told Luo Zheng to be careful, and then she went straight to Dragon City.
On the other west side of Dragon City, there was a tall tower that looked like a gourd. It was painted dark red, and it was very eye-catching in the snow-white Dragon City.
When he came here with Yin Yuehuan yesterday, Luo Zheng asked about it. This was the Sword Refining Tower of Dragon City and the only place for cultivation in Dragon City.
Luo Zheng secretly noted it down. But at that time, Yin Yuehuan told Luo Zheng that it was best to come here after reaching the other side. As for the reason, she did not explain.
When Luo Zheng pushed the door open, he saw an old man with a mask on his face leaning on one side, seemingly resting with his eyes closed.
The masked old man didn't open his eyes. The moment Luo Zheng pushed the door open, he pointed outside and said, "You haven't even reached the Nirvana Realm. Get out!"
That voice actually contained a trace of unquestionable might, causing Luo Zheng to involuntarily stop in his tracks and frown slightly.
This old man cultivated the Sacred Words Spell, True Meaning of Annihilation, which was rare in Dragon City. Luo Zheng thought to himself. At the same time, he asked, "The Sword Refining Tower of Dragon City is open to the public. I've never heard that it requires the cultivation of the Nirvana Realm to enter."
The masked old man didn't expect Luo Zheng to refute. He opened his eyes lazily and looked at him with a smile. "If you can pay the divine crystals, you can go in. The premise is that you're not afraid of death. I'm doing this for your own good."
"Is this Sword Refining Tower very dangerous?" Luo Zheng asked back.
"For you, it is." The masked old man squinted at Luo Zheng impatiently. "Please go back. Come back when you reach the other side."
Since Luo Zheng was here, he didn't plan to go back. With a flip of his hand, a pile of divine crystals appeared in his hand. He said loudly, "Since the Sword Refining Tower is open to the public, there's no reason to keep people out."
Seeing those divine crystals, the masked old man looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. He shook his head helplessly and muttered, "There are always some little fellows who seek humiliation but aren't afraid of death … Come with me!"
He then brought Luo Zheng into the tower.
The interior of the Sword Refining Tower was very spacious. The rooms inside spiraled upward and were distributed among them. Sword platforms were erected at the door of each room. Above the platforms was a small jade plate.
"Just put the divine crystals on the jade plate. 100 divine crystals can only be opened for one day. However, the time flow in the room is 10: 1. When the time is up, the room will kick you out. If you really can't hold on, wait until the time is up. This room will automatically kick you out to save your life." After the masked old man finished speaking, he chuckled and left with his hands behind his back. In his opinion, Luo Zheng would most likely be kicked out.
As for what he would encounter in the Sword Refining Tower, he didn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stood at the door and observed for a while. He then took out 300 divine crystals and stuffed them into the jade plate one by one.
Luo Zheng had seen a similar jade plate on the Soaring Firmament Flying Boat. After the jade plate absorbed the divine crystals, it rotated slightly and the door of the room slowly opened.
After entering, Luo Zheng looked around and felt a little strange.
The walls were empty. Except for a jade cattail in the center, there was nothing else. This was an ordinary secret cultivation room. A place like this cost 100 divine crystals a day?
The Heavenly Palace was really black-hearted …
Luo Zheng muttered in his heart. He had already sat cross-legged on the jade cattail.
However, the moment he sat on the jade cattail, the jade cattail rotated and the originally empty secret cultivation room changed greatly!
He was already in a huge cave. The interior of the cave was densely packed with red swords. These swords were like weeds. They were densely packed and the tips of the swords were all pointed at him in the center. In front of him was a path to leave.
"These swords …" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He was already on guard.
Although these swords were densely packed on the walls of the cave, Luo Zheng felt as if countless people were pointing their swords at him and could stab at him at any time.
He turned slightly on the jade cattail and reached out with one hand.
"Whoosh!"
A sword at the top of the cave was already shooting toward him!
"Cha …"
The speed of the sword was so fast that it brushed past his arm, leaving behind a shallow mark of blood.
"What a powerful sword!"
To be able to cut through Luo Zheng's body, this sword had at least the strength of one Jun of God. It had already reached the full strength of a person who had just entered the Nirvana Realm. If it was another person's arm, it would have been cut off.
These swords could threaten his life!
Luo Zheng finally understood the words of the masked old man. He was right. The Sword Refining Tower was not suitable for people below the Nirvana Realm to enter.
If he couldn't deal with these swords, he could only sit obediently within the range of the jade cattail and wait for the time to come to kick him out.
"30 days … I have to walk out with my own strength …"

Chapter 2712
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The Might of the Samiya Sword
As Luo Zheng began to comprehend the God-Fusion Sword Canon, the entire cave became abnormally quiet.
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the swords, his eyes blinking a few times.
The swords on the cave walls exuded different sword intents, as if thousands of people were pointing them at Luo Zheng. The sword intents intertwined, calming Luo Zheng's mind.
"So these swords aren't just a test. Using intertwined sword intents can produce this kind of effect?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Luo Zheng didn't understand the principle behind it, but Luo Zheng could personally experience the effects.
As these sword intents intertwined, Luo Zheng quickly sank into the God-Fusion Sword Canon.
There were only three forms in the Fusion God Sword Canon, but these three forms were filled with many variations. The first form was also the simplest Triple Burying Sword. The "three" in it didn't represent the fusion of three kinds of divine daos. Instead, it meant that there would be three layers in the process of using fusion dao energy.
Luo Zheng's eyes shone brighter and brighter as he continued to study it.
No matter how you looked at it, the value of the God-Fusion Sword Canon far exceeded that of the supreme sword canon.
The only thing that affected the God-Fusion Sword Canon was its excessively high cultivation threshold. Fusing multiple Divine Daos was a time-consuming and exhausting process, which was why no one cared about the God-Fusion Sword Canon.
For others, this threshold was difficult to cross, but for Luo Zheng, he had crossed it long ago.
When he truly began to cultivate, there naturally wasn't much of a hindrance!
One day …
Three days …
Ten days …
Luo Zheng slowly stood up from the Jade Cattail Leaf. With a light wave of his right hand, a sword appeared in his hand.
As the Dao energy continued to brew, Luo Zheng raised his foot and stepped out of the Jade Cattail Leaf's range.
"Whoosh!"
The moment his foot stepped out of the Jade Cattail Leaf's range, one of the swords on the ceiling of the cave quietly fell off and shot toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly became sharp!
He suddenly raised his sword, and a thick sword light suddenly slashed out!
Before this, Luo Zheng's Dao Fusion Sword only relied on unstable Dao Fusion energy to unleash a powerful annihilation power. But the Triad Sword was different!
This sword gleam was actually divided into three sword gleams, which meant that there were three Dao-Fusing energies. However, one of them was the main one, while the other two were auxiliary ones!
The moment he slashed out, the three sword auras merged together smoothly. It looked no different from Luo Zheng's Sword of Dao Fusion.
However, the moment the sword-light collided with the longsword, the two auxiliary Dao-fusion energies suddenly exploded, and the originally dazzling sword-light suddenly glowed with a resplendent silver light!
Under the intense pressure of the annihilation energy, the innermost main sword light was activated!
Boom!
A dazzling white light reverberated throughout the entire cave.
The long sword that had been aimed at Luo Zheng had already disappeared without a trace …
"So powerful …" Luo Zheng was a little absent-minded when he saw the power of this sword.
The same energy was only released in a different way, but it produced a completely different power. Although Luo Zheng had faintly expected it when he was practicing the Dao Fusion Sword Codex, the power of this sword was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. How much power did the Triad Sword have?
More importantly, the Triad Sword consumed much less Dao-fusion energy than the Dao Fusion Sword!
Just as Luo Zheng was absent-minded, more longswords at the top began to loosen up. As these longswords loosened up, they flew toward Luo Zheng from all directions!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
More than a dozen long swords shot toward Luo Zheng in a row. Each of the long swords contained the strength of one Jun. This was roughly equivalent to more than a dozen people who had just entered the Nirvana Realm attacking Luo Zheng.
Of course, this did not mean that Luo Zheng could fight against more than ten Nirvana Realm powerhouses.
After all, these longswords only had one attack. Moreover, Luo Zheng could predict their trajectory, speed, and power. Naturally, the difficulty was incomparable.
"Can I walk out with the Triad Sword?"
Luo Zheng wanted to try, so he did not immediately return to the Jade Cattail.
As the Dao-fusion energy in his inner world continued to gather, Luo Zheng also took a firm step forward. The longsword in his hand was like a rainbow. Sword rays surrounded him and slashed in all directions!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
Every time the Triad Sword split open, it would produce a dazzling white light. Since he could not see with his eyes, Luo Zheng could only use his divine sense to replace it.
After taking more than ten steps forward, he had already slashed more than ten times.
The dazzling white light dissipated. The longswords that were flying toward him had completely disappeared.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and smiled. Just as he was about to continue forward, the longswords around the cave walls shook slightly. This time, there were hundreds of longswords that turned into a rain of swords and flew toward him.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He tapped the ground with the tip of his foot. His body swayed and dragged a series of afterimages back into the Jade Cattail.
Dong, dong, dong, dong …
The hundreds of longswords bombarded the surroundings of the Jade Cattail. They were blocked by an invisible force.
Luo Zheng's expression did not look good. "No wonder the masked old man said that he might die in there. Even those who had just entered the Nirvana Realm would have a hard time dealing with it, let alone a True God …"
Although he would be kicked out of this room after 30 days, he did not want to leave in such a pathetic way.
"Six Cloud Sword …"
The Six Cloud Sword was more powerful than the Triad Sword in terms of power. However, in terms of principle, there was not much difference.
According to the concept of the Fusion God Sword Codex, it was to chain the detonation of the fusion energy to increase its power exponentially. The Six Cloud Sword detonated five layers consecutively.
As for the "thousand" in the Thousand Cloud Sword, it was just an imaginary number. Even if it detonated seven or eight layers, it was also called the Thousand Cloud Sword. However, it was also recorded in the Fusion God Sword Codex that the highest number of layers that could be detonated could reach a thousand.
Luo Zheng could not imagine how powerful that was. However, since the Fusion God Sword Codex was called a remnant, even Donghuang himself might not be able to unleash that level of power.
The power of the Triad Sword was more than enough to deal with these longswords. However, there were too many longswords in this cave. Even if he managed to unleash the Six Cloud Sword, it would be difficult for him to leave …
In the end, Luo Zheng could only focus on the Nine Flash Spectroscopic Sword Codex.
When he chose the Nine Flash Spectroscopic Sword Codex instead of the Sword Pattern Technique, Luo Zheng had some considerations in his heart. The Sword Pattern Technique sounded very wonderful and could be used to kill in one strike. However, the requirements for cultivation were too high.
Moreover, in terms of pure power, Luo Zheng already had the fusion sword, and the Nine Flash Spectroscopic Sword Codex was the best choice in terms of power and speed.
After all, the most suitable one was the best …
In the next twenty days, Luo Zheng still sat in front of the jade cattail and calmly studied the Nine Flash Spectroscopic Sword Codex. To Luo Zheng, this sword codex was more difficult than the Fusion God Sword Codex. If he had any doubts, Luo Zheng could only transform into an inner clone and practice in his inner world.
Thirty days passed in the blink of an eye.
And outside the Sword Training Pagoda, three days had passed.
The masked old man glanced at the rooms of the Sword Training Pagoda and calculated that Luo Zheng would be kicked out soon. He hated those young people who did not listen to his advice and did not know the immensity of heaven and earth. When Luo Zheng was kicked out, he would definitely ridicule him.

Chapter 2713
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Report
It was not rare to be kicked out of the Sword Training Pagoda.
Some of the rooms were so difficult that it was not easy for those who had reached the Nirvana Realm.
It was a young man who got up from the ground in a sorry state. He chuckled and greeted the masked old man respectfully, "Elder Wen, I'm sorry …"
"How many times has it been in the past six months?" Elder Wen glanced at the young man.
"It's the fourth time," the young man replied.
"What a piece of trash," Elder Wen said coldly.
The young man was not angry. He just laughed dryly. Everyone who cultivated in Dragon City knew that Elder Wen was a man who looked tough on the outside but was soft on the inside.
There were two times when he could not afford the divine crystals. Elder Wen had to pay for him in advance so that he could enter the Sword Training Pagoda to cultivate.
Right at this moment, the door of another room was pushed open, and a man in an embroidered robe walked out from within. Even though this man had just entered the Paramita Realm, there was a dazzling glow on his body, and he seemed to possess an extraordinary imposing aura.
The man in the brocade robe nodded at Elder Wen, bowed, and strode away.
"Lin Huaian's cultivation is about the same as yours. He has already stepped into the middle level of the Sword Training Pagoda and can still come out safely. You are far from him," Elder Wen looked at the man and said with satisfaction, "He might be selected."
"Selected …" The young man's eyes were filled with envy.
There were two ways to advance in Dragon City. One was to go from a Banner Master to an Alliance Master to Tai Yiwei. The whole process was extremely difficult.
The other way was to go up the mountain.
Going up the mountain was a shortcut that countless people in Dragon City yearned for.
However, this shortcut was equally difficult. One of the reasons was that the requirement for talent was too high. Most people could only climb up step by step.
"You have to work hard too. You have just reached the Nirvana Realm. If you are more familiar with using the Nirvana Realm Token, you might be able to catch up to Lin Huaian. There are not many people in Dragon City who are better than you," Elder Wen consoled him.
The Sword Training Pagoda that Elder Wen was in charge of was different from other places. He was responsible for selecting outstanding people and sending them up the mountain. He naturally hoped that there would be more geniuses in Dragon City.
Unfortunately, Lin Huaian was the only one who had this possibility.
After being consoled, the young man gained some confidence.
At that moment, a door in the Sword Training Pagoda opened by Luo Zheng.
Leaving the cave was indeed a challenge for Luo Zheng. he did not expect that there were 16 large swords that were at the entrance..............
.. and he was....
He couldn't deal with the dense swords with just the Triple Burying Sword, but he probably couldn't withstand those swords with just the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Codex …
. Anyway, he was he he..
Just as Luo Zheng opened the door, he saw a young man and the masked old man staring at him. Luo Zheng felt his hair stand on end. He asked, "What's wrong?"
"Wen, Elder Wen … Am I seeing things?" The young man asked.
Elder Wen also had a baffled look on his face, but the mask covered his face, so his expression couldn't be seen.
In Elder Wen's opinion, Luo Zheng being kicked out of the room was a sure thing. He was worried about this and was waiting to see Luo Zheng make a fool of himself. Seeing Luo Zheng walk out, he felt strange and did not know how to answer.
The young man did not understand the situation and continued to ask, "Elder Wen, this guy has not reached the Nirvana Realm. His Qi of Trueness is only at the fourth or fifth level. I-I …"
Not only the young man, but even Elder Wen had never seen such a strange thing.
Not only did he not reach the Nirvana Realm, but his cultivation was only at the middle level in the Sea of Trueness. How did he pass the Secret Cultivation Room of the Sword Training Pagoda?
He had been guarding the Sword Training Pagoda for so many years. There were tens of millions of people entering and leaving Dragon City. He had never seen such a thing.
"Did you … cheat?" Elder Wen asked Luo Zheng in a low voice.
"Cheat?" Luo Zheng was stunned. "How?"
The cave was surrounded by sword thickets and there was only one way out. Where could he have cheated?
Elder Wen also felt that his question was wrong. It was impossible to cheat in the design of the Sword Training Pagoda. He asked again, "How did you … open the door?"
"I opened it directly." Luo Zheng asked, "What's wrong? Is it against the rules? "
"Haha …" Elder Wen laughed awkwardly.
The young man covered his head. It was obvious that he was hit hard.
Among his peers, he had always regarded Lin Huaian as his goal. Now, looking at him again, this guy in front of him was almost like a monster. He could open the door at the Nirvana Realm. Those geniuses on the mountain could not do it, right?
"What's your name? Where are you from? Please tell me one by one! "Elder Wen asked seriously.
Luo Zheng was a little vigilant. "What's the use of telling me these?"
"Use …" Elder Wen glanced at Luo Zheng. It seemed that this guy did not know much about the rules of Dragon City. "Of course it's very useful. For example, I can send you to the place of your dreams."
Seeing Elder Wen so serious, Luo Zheng only smiled, but still reported his origin and name to him.
This old man most likely wanted to send him to the Sky Palace. But in Luo Zheng's view, Elder Wen's action could only be in vain. If the Greater One Sky Palace wanted to accept him, they would have already acted. It was impossible for them to remain silent until now.
But it was not bad to stay in Dragon City. With sufficient divine crystals, he could calmly cross the sea of True Meaning. He could also strengthen his shortcomings, so he was not that interested in the upper levels of the Sky Palace.
Elder Wen was not clear about this. After Luo Zheng left, he also left the Sword Training Pagoda and ascended along the Greater One Peak.
People like Lin Huaian had barely reached the standard to be sent to the Sky Palace, but they still needed to be inspected for a period of time. But Luo Zheng's performance made it impossible for him to stay in Dragon City. He naturally would not delay for a moment.
When he was halfway up the mountain, the surrounding scenery had become illusory and blurred.
In the seven-coloured fog, there was a spotless palace. Elder Wen entered the palace, went straight to the lobby, and said to the guard on duty, "Wen Si requests an audience with Lord Gu..."
Just then, a voice sounded, "No need to request an audience, Lord Gu will not agree."
Wen Si turned around and saw Qiu Yinhe. He was slightly startled, and hurriedly cupped his hands in greeting. This was the Heavenly Festival! He was an expert in the Sky Palace who could guard an area!
"Lord Qiu... why..." Wen Si asked, puzzled.
Qiu Yinhe smiled indifferently, "You want to report a young man called Luo Zheng, right?"
"Yes, this person passed the Sword Training Pagoda! Although it's only the first floor, but... "
Before Wen Si could finish, Qiu Yinhe interrupted him, "But he hasn't crossed the other shore, right?"
"How does Lord Qiu know..." Wen Si was puzzled.
"This person is a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace I established. He can be considered as someone I introduced to the Sky Palace," Qiu Yinhe said with an unnatural expression.

Chapter 2714
Buy a Sword
Although the Great Yi Mountain Sect and Greater One Mountain Sect were on the same side, there was still competition between them.
This time, the Great Yi Mountain Sect swore that Xiao Shuang had known Luo Zheng for a long time, not to mention that Luo Zheng was saved by Lin Zhanting.
However, Qiu Yinhe still had seventy percent of reason. Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Dao Sword Palace, and the Heavenly Palace had sent people to pick him up, but they had failed due to an accident.
Qiu Yinhe could owe Lin Zhanting a favor for saving Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was undoubtedly a member of the Heavenly Palace.
Under Qiu Yinhe's insistence, the Great Yi Mountain Sect finally chose to give in.
"Since Lord Qiu brought him into the Heavenly Palace, why did you let him stay in the Dragon City?" Wen Si was puzzled. This kind of person should have been sent up the mountain long ago.
Qiu Yinhe stroked his beard and said, "I have my own arrangements. If he wants to borrow your Sword Training Pagoda, please take care of him."
Wen Si naturally agreed to Tian Jiedu's request.
… …
In Dragon City, the Banner Masters walked briskly. The flow of people was like shuttling shuttles.
If they wanted to be promoted to Alliance Master faster, they had to expand the number of people under their banner or accept all kinds of missions. Other than that, they also needed a large amount of time to cultivate. Therefore, most of the Banner Masters were very busy.
The most difficult part of the process after leaving the secret cultivation room was not Luo Zheng's problem, but the problem of his weapon.
He had changed three swords in total.
These three longswords were top-grade grandmist artifacts in the God Domain, and one of them even had the ability to repair itself. Even so, it couldn't withstand the force of Huang Xiaolong's attack and shattered into pieces.
With the toughness of the Tengshe Sword, there was no problem, but once he used it, there was a risk of it being exposed.
Before he could confirm the Great Yi Heavenly Palace's attitude towards the Li Tribe, he could not use it. Therefore, he needed a suitable sword.
Fortunately, he had a bountiful harvest this time. The divine crystals in his hand were enough for him to squander for a while.
After walking for a while, he finally stopped in front of a pavilion.
"The World's Famous Sword Tower!"
Seeing the signboard of the pavilion, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Perhaps only Greater One Heavenly Palace dared to give such a name.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to enter the attic, he frowned slightly and stepped back. He stared at the young man not far away and asked, "Why are you following me all the way?"
This young man was the one who had been kicked out of the Sword Training Pagoda. Seeing that Luo Zheng had discovered him, the young man smiled awkwardly and said, "I … just wanted to ask if you have any unique secret manuals."
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said, "Are you referring to the room outside the Sword Training Pagoda?"
"That's right!" The young man's eyes lit up.
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered.
The smile on the young man's face widened. "Is there really such a technique? I, I can pay … "He was also embarrassingly short of money. It was not easy for him to enter the Sword Training Pagoda, but he still gritted his teeth and said," I will pay 100 divine crystals. "
"You don't need to pay with spirit crystals." Luo Zheng smiled. "You are better than me in terms of technique. I guarantee that you will be able to leave the Sword Training Pagoda."
"What, what? Do you mean that I am weaker than you now? "The young man widened his eyes.
Although he had just stepped into the Nirvana Realm, the Nirvana Realm Token he had obtained was not weak.
The difference in cultivation was obvious. Even if Luo Zheng had left the secret cultivation room with his own strength, he did not believe that Luo Zheng was better than him. He always thought that Luo Zheng had used some special method to pass through the cave.
"Yes, that's what I mean." Luo Zheng answered coldly. He turned around and stepped into the World's Famous Sword Tower. He thought that he could get rid of this young man, but the young man actually followed him into the tower.
"Hey, hey …" The young man shouted a few words from behind. Only then did he realize that he had followed into the Sword Training Pagoda. He immediately forgot about his previous question and asked, "Do you want to buy a sword?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered.
"I can be your reference! My name is Su Kuan! Have you heard of the Family Su of the Center God Province? The famous Weapon Refining Aristocratic Family! Most of the swords in the Heavenly Palace are provided by the Family Su … "Su Kuan followed behind Luo Zheng and said.
No matter what Su Kuan said, Luo Zheng ignored him. His eyes swept over the sword shelves on the wall.
The long swords were placed on the shelves, head to tail. Something was smeared on the long swords, giving off a faint fragrance.
"Although all the disciples of the School have a Qingfeng Sword, I should also prepare one for them. Not only that, but those who join us in the future should also receive the same treatment." Luo Zheng thought to himself.
"This sword …" Luo Zheng pointed at one of the swords. Just as he was about to ask the waiter in the Sword Pavilion, Su Kuan beside him said, "Spring Forged Sword, made with the spring water of the Nirvana Realm Token 'Crane Spring'. The price of our Family Su is 300 Divine Gems. In Dragon City, it's 800 Divine Gems …"
The waiter beside him had a bad look on his face. However, this young man was so professional that he didn't dare to say anything more.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His eyes swept over the other long sword. Before he could ask, Su Kuan said, "Wind Chant Sword, this is a fast sword …"
After Su Kuan introduced more than a dozen long swords, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hand and said, "This one, this one, and this one …"
The waiter and Su Kuan also widened their eyes. Su Kuan even asked, "Don't tell me you want all of them?"
Four long swords cost about 3,000 Divine Gems, which was enough to go to the Sword Training Tower several times.
"Forty of them," Luo Zheng said.
Although there was no lack of rich people in the Sword Pavilion, it was rare to see someone as generous as Luo Zheng. So many long swords were definitely not for his own use. Besides, Luo Zheng hadn't even been to the Nirvana Realm!
Seeing the waiter's doubtful expression, Luo Zheng directly took out the Divine Gems. 120,000 shiny Divine Gems piled up together, exuding pure energy that was dazzling.
The waiter, who was originally tense, also burst into laughter at this moment. Su Kuan's eyes were wide open.
As a member of a refining family, Su Kuan had seen a lot of Divine Gems before. However, he had gone against his Family Su's wishes to enter Dragon City this time, so he was now very poor.
Seeing Luo Zheng buy more than 100 long swords in one breath, Su Kuan was naturally shocked.
"Do you have any long swords of a higher grade?" Luo Zheng asked the waiter.
When the waiter heard that Luo Zheng still wanted to buy weapons, how could he refuse? He hurriedly said, "Please follow me!"
Therefore, under the guidance of the waiter, Luo Zheng walked forward and entered the cabinet. Obviously, Su Kuan wanted to rely on Luo Zheng, so he actually followed him in.
However, as soon as Su Kuan entered, he saw a person in the cabinet and wanted to turn around and run away.
However, a person in the cabinet blocked Su Kuan's way and said angrily, "You didn't listen to your father. How long do you want to stay in Dragon City?"
"Sixth Uncle! Please spare me! I won't leave Dragon City even if I die! "Su Kuan begged for mercy.
The Family Su was established in the Center God Province and had a very good relationship with the Heavenly Palace. Naturally, there was someone serving in Dragon City, and this person was Su Kuan's sixth uncle, Su Qiao.

Chapter 2715
Third Rank Nine
The attendant knew that Luo Zheng was bold and unrestrained. He wanted to remind Su Qiao but stopped himself.
"Sixth Uncle, Sixth Uncle, this is a nouveau riche! Let's talk business first, okay? "Su Kuan, who was grabbed by Su Qiao, wanted to cry but had no tears.
There were not many customers in the Sword Tower's cabinet. Those who were willing to enter were all important guests.
However, Luo Zheng's cultivation was so low that Su Qiao did not take him seriously. But after hearing Su Kuan's words, he temporarily let go of his hand. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "The swords in the cabinet are all forged with Family Su's bloodline. If you don't have a million Divine Crystals, we can forget about this business."
The Sword Tower's cabinet did not belong to Dragon City. It was completely controlled by the Family Su. Therefore, they directly transacted with the Family Su here.
"Swords forged with bloodline?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
A trace of pride appeared on Su Kuan's face. "Yes, my Family Su has the bloodline of the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan. This bloodline is most suitable for forging swords!"
The Fierce Gale Shadow Clan was one of the ancient beast clans. Their skin was like brass and their eyes were like mercury. They grew up in mines and their bodies were full of treasures. Because of this, the Fierce Gale Shadow Clan was completely slaughtered a long time ago.
In the end, only their bloodline was passed down and was inherited by the Family Su.
If it were not for the protection of Taiyi Heavenly Palace, their Family Su would have been slaughtered by the foreign races. After all, their bloodline was extremely precious. Because of this, the Family Su had always served the Heavenly Palace without any complaints.
"May I take a look?" Luo Zheng asked.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so confident, Su Qiao walked to the side of the cabinet and waved his hand lightly.
That wall immediately caved in and six longswords appeared on the wall. When these longswords appeared, traces of sharpness immediately spread out.
After feeling the sharpness, Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly.
"These six longswords can all be called Arcane Venerable Grade Dao Treasures! Even the cheapest Bird Seizing Sword costs a million Divine Crystals, "Su Qiao said clearly.
He was very satisfied when he saw Luo Zheng's serious expression.
However, what Luo Zheng saw was not the other five swords, but the sword hanging on the leftmost side. The back of the sword was slightly slanted, and there was a faint snake-shaped bow. Its appearance was exactly the same as Tengshe's sword!
"I seem to have seen this sword before. It looks exactly the same as the legendary Sword of Tengshe?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan chuckled and said, "This is a replica! It was an imitation of the Tengshe Sword. In terms of power, it was naturally not as powerful as the legendary Tengshe Sword! However, you are quite knowledgeable to even recognize Tengshe's sword. Hehe, an average person would not be able to do that! "
How could Su Kuan know that the Sword of Tengshe was in Luo Zheng's hands?
"Then is this sword also a Mystique Venerable One Dao Treasure?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Of course! Longswords that have been tainted with our Family Su's blood can all be called Mystique Venerable One Dao Treasures. Although this replica is only a third-grade Mystique Venerable One Dao Treasure, its power is still quite impressive, "Su Kuan said.
"I'll buy it." Luo Zheng did not hesitate much.
The appearance of this sword alone was enough to pass it off as the real thing.
If he had no choice but to use the Sword of Tengshe at some point, he could still use this sword to conceal himself. This longsword was naturally very suitable.
"You're not even asking about the price?" Su Kuan pursed his lips. He knew that Luo Zheng was quite a tycoon, but who would buy a sword like this?
"This sword is priced at one million and five hundred thousand Divine Crystals." Su Qiao saw how generous Luo Zheng was and smiled.
Luo Zheng paid the Divine Crystals and looked at the longswords again. He said, "These longswords can be called Mystique Venerable One Dao Treasures, but they are not the real Sword of Tengshe. What are they called?"
"The real Sword of Tengshe …" Su Qiao and Su Kuan were also stunned.
They did not know that Luo Zheng did not even know about such common knowledge. Su Kuan smiled and said, "After the Middle Ages, the treasures in the world were divided into three grades and nine grades! Mystique Venerable One Dao Treasures, Nirvana Dao Treasures, and Connate Dao Treasures are divided into three grades. They are divided into first, second, and third grades! "
Su Kuan paused for a moment before saying, "The Sword of Tengshe is a third-grade Connate Dao Treasure!"
"Only third-grade?" Luo Zheng said.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was slightly disappointed, the Family Su uncle and nephew could not help but laugh. Su Kuan even said, "Only third-grade? Hahaha … To forge a Connate Dao Treasure, it must be forged with Connate items from before the chaos was created! There are only a few dozen Connate Dao Treasures like this in the entire Mother World! It's only third-grade because there are fewer Connate items in this sword. Even if it's only third-grade, it's enough to make all races restless! "
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded.
As Su Kuan said, a Mystique Dao Treasure was a Heavenly Weapon that was refined with blood, while a Nirvana Dao Treasure contained a Nirvana token. As for the Connate Dao Treasure, it was forged with Connate items from before the chaos. Such a Heavenly Weapon was rare and could only be found by chance.
After having a general understanding, Luo Zheng placed his gaze on the top of the wall.
When Su Qiao presented the six swords, he noticed two of them. One was a replica of the Sword of Tengshe, and the other was this sword.
The appearance of this long sword did not look special, but the bloody light that was hidden in the sword made people shudder. The sharpness that was faintly revealed was as if it wanted to devour people at any time.
"How much is this sword?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Seeing that Luo Zheng mentioned this sword, Su Kuan's face was faintly sorrowful.
From the bloody aura, Su Kuan knew who made this sword. They had squeezed her dry again. Thinking of her miserable appearance, Su Kuan felt an inexplicable heartache.
Su Qiao's reaction was completely different. He raised a finger and said, "Good eye. This sword is called Snow! It's a first-class Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure! It's also the best sword in the Famed Sword Tower! Although this sword does not have a Nirvana token, it's comparable to some Nirvana Dao Treasures. It's priced at eight million Divine Crystals! "
Hearing this price, Luo Zheng was slightly speechless.
However, he had an affinity with this sword. Moreover, the replica of the Sword of Tengshe was not enough to fight the enemy … However, Luo Zheng still wanted to buy that piece of yellow paper to study it with the ten million Divine Crystals that he had reserved.
If he bought this sword, he would have to find another way to earn Divine Crystals.
Gritting his teeth, Luo Zheng said, "I'll buy this sword too."
Su Qiao's eyes widened slightly. He did not think that Luo Zheng would really buy it.
In this cabinet, there were less than three to five treasured swords traded in a year. Luo Zheng bought two swords at one go, and it was a transaction of ten million Divine Crystals. Naturally, he was extremely happy!
"That's great, that's great!" Su Qiao excitedly took down the Snow Sword.
Luo Zheng also took out Divine Crystals. They exchanged the money and the goods.
Just as Luo Zheng received the sword, Su Kuan said, "Can you let me take a look at this sword?"
"Su Kuan! This sword has been sold to a customer. It's not a Family Su's item anymore! Don't make trouble! "Su Qiao scolded.
Seeing the sorrowful look in Su Kuan's eyes, Luo Zheng was slightly moved. Only then did he pass the sword to him.

Chapter 2716
Mass Manufacturing
Seeing Su Kuan's expression, this Has Snow probably had some history.
However, this was Family Su's business, so Luo Zheng naturally didn't care.
He put away the sword. However, after Luo Zheng left the Famous Sword Tower, Su Kuan unexpectedly followed him.
"How long are you going to keep following me?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Su Kuan had already put away the grief in his heart. He suddenly said, "I've decided!"
"Decided what?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Join your banner!" Su Kuan said seriously.
"Join my banner?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled. "Aren't you also a Banner Lord?"
Su Kuan said, "Just give up the banner. I originally followed Banner Lord Chen. Now that he's been promoted to Alliance Lord, I naturally became a Banner Lord as well. However, Alliance Lord Chen is about to participate in the Tai Yiwei exam, so I can be considered a free person!"
According to Dragon City's rules, Banner Lords could indeed give up their banner, but this was very rare.
Especially since Su Kuan's cultivation was one level higher than Luo Zheng's!
"But if you give up your banner, won't you be unable to enter Dragon City?" Although Luo Zheng wanted to strengthen his banner, he still had some misgivings.
"Don't worry about this. I have my own ways of entering and leaving Dragon City," Su Kuan said with a smile.
"One last question. Why do you want to follow me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Su Kuan's face revealed a crafty expression. He laughed mischievously and said, "I'm just following a local tyrant."
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Su Kuan's request. Since his Family Su was a family of blacksmiths, this person would be of great use to him. However, he faintly felt that Su Kuan joining his banner wasn't as simple as he said. It was very likely related to the sword he had bought.
After leaving Dragon City, Su Kuan really did as he said. He gave up his banner and registered it with the old man.
Afterwards, the two of them once again went to the market outside Dragon City.
This market wasn't small. This time, there was plenty of time, so Luo Zheng also strolled around.
Although this place couldn't compare to Dragon City, there were still some rare and strange things that were sold at very low prices. There were even hermit divine abilities that were sealed with talisman arrays for sale.
After leaving the market, Luo Zheng found a disciple of the school.
Yue Baicheng and the rest were overjoyed as they surrounded him. Luo Zheng introduced Su Kuan to them.
When they heard that a Nirvana Realm powerhouse had joined Luo Zheng's faction, the disciples of the academy were also rather shocked. However, the more powerful Luo Zheng's faction became, the better it would be for everyone.
At this time, Yue Baicheng lightly flipped his hand and took out a small bottle. He said to Luo Zheng with a smile, "Banner Lord, look at this."
Before Luo Zheng could examine it carefully, Su Kuan glanced at it from the side and immediately said, "This is Heaven Pure Liquid, the purest kind of spiritual liquid, but it is not rare. When refining magic weapons, it is used to lower the temperature. Because it is pure in nature, it does not bring any impurities. Some people also use it to make wine..."
"But this seems to be somewhat similar to Sword Comprehension Liquid," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the spiritual liquid. It was just that this Heaven Pure Liquid did not have the aura of true intent.
"Because Sword Comprehension Liquid is made from Heaven Pure Liquid. However, although Heaven Pure Liquid is cheap, there are too few people who can make it." Su Kuan shrugged his shoulders.
Yue Baicheng ignored Su Kuan. As if he had discovered a new continent, he said, "Banner Lord, this Heaven Pure Liquid is very cheap. You can buy such a big bottle for ten divine crystals!"
"And then? Buy it to make wine? "Su Kuan stretched his arms and said casually.
"Banner Lord, if you use it to make Sword Comprehension Liquid, the profit from the price difference is probably very rich," Yue Baicheng glanced at Su Kuan and continued.
"Cough cough cough..."
Su Kuan choked. He even suspected that he had misheard.
The reason why Sword Comprehension Liquid was so rare was because there were too few people who could make it!
In the entire Great Yi Heavenly Palace, only fourteen people could make it. Those were all people who comprehended dao with a single thought!
Among the fourteen people, some had fallen and some had high positions. The majority of them did not care about the income of Sword Comprehension Liquid. Therefore, only one or two people could make it.
Su Kuan was shocked that someone under Luo Zheng's banner wanted to create Sword Comprehension Spirit Fluid.
But Luo Zheng's answer made Su Kuan feel even more incredulous.
"If we can really open up a market for Sword Comprehension Liquid, we can indeed earn a lot of divine crystals," Luo Zheng took the bottle from Yue Baicheng's hands.
The price of the Heaven Pure Liquid was so low, and it wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to convert it into Sword Comprehension Spirit Liquid by relying on the Eternal Sword Intent. Other than using the Soaring Serpent Sword to activate the Imperial Sword Seal, no other methods would be able to empty out his Eternal Sword Intent.
Su Kuan opened his mouth wide, saying, "No way, you can really make Sword Comprehension Liquid?"
Luo Zheng glanced at Su Kuan indifferently, reached out and covered the mouth of the bottle. As the true qi spiraled into the bottle, the Heaven Pure Liquid in the bottle also began to slowly rotate.
"The true qi vortex naturally fused together..." Su Kuan was dumbfounded.
The reason why Heaven Pure Liquid had so many uses was because of its purity. It almost did not react with any energy, and it was very difficult to change its characteristics.
Only a Dao intent with perfect compatibility could merge with the Heaven Pure Liquid!
If there was any flaw in the dao intent, the Heaven Pure Liquid would become turbid and could not be made into Sword Comprehension Liquid.
In other words...
"Brother Luo Zheng! You can comprehend dao with a single thought? "Su Kuan was suddenly enlightened.
No wonder this guy could pass the first floor of the Sword Practice Pagoda with such a cultivation level. No wonder he said he was not strong enough. Monsters that could comprehend dao with a single thought were almost all abnormal existences!
Luo Zheng handed the finished spirit liquid to Su Kuan, "Take a look and see if this is considered Sword Comprehension Liquid?"
Su Kuan felt the true qi in the bottle, and the complex expression on his face was hard to describe. After a while, he exclaimed, "I see, you can be so rich without any background. But a guy like you actually stayed in Dragon City!"
Luo Zheng shrugged, "I also find it strange."
...
Because of Luo Zheng's crazy buying, the 15 million divine crystals he got from Ear Mouse had almost been used up.
If he did not use the Chi You Race's inheritance, Luo Zheng would indeed be in a tight spot.
But Yue Baicheng's discovery solved his urgent need.
He had bought two hundred small bottles of Heaven Pure Liquid from the market. A bottle of pure Sword Comprehension Liquid was worth twenty thousand divine gems. Even if he sold it for fifteen thousand or even ten thousand divine gems, he could still earn two to three million divine gems. The cost was negligible.
That evening, Luo Zheng had finished making the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
Naturally, Luo Zheng did not need to personally sell the Sword Comprehension Liquid. He entrusted Yue Baicheng and the others to do the transaction in the market and use the market to circulate outside the sword wall.
Looking at the bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid, Su Kuan also saw piles of divine crystals. He could not help but secretly click his tongue. His Family Su worked so hard and relied on blood to refine a divine weapon. It was not as much as what Luo Zheng earned in one night.
This was indeed very helpless. Not to mention a Family Su, even among the large families in the Center God Province, it was hard to produce a person with perfect compatibility.

Chapter 2717
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Luo Nian's Conflict
After crossing the fourth segment line, the difficulty of the Sea of True Intent increased greatly.
Crossing the Sea of True Intent was a process of tempering one's Yang Soul. The longer one stayed in the Sea of True Intent, the stronger their Yang Soul would become.
During this process, Dragon City's advantage was revealed.
Those silver swords pierced Luo Zheng's flagpole and continuously nourished everyone's souls. It was equivalent to continuously swallowing soul elixirs. Of course, the effect was much weaker.
After staying in the fifth segment line for more than ten days, his Yang Soul became stronger under the tempering of the cold intent. He and Ling Shuang once again set out to cross the sixth segment line.
The whole process was daunting but not dangerous.
After crossing the sixth segment line, Luo Zheng discovered that there were indeed many whirlpools in the Sea of True Intent.
Almost every time they advanced a certain distance, they would discover three to five whirlpools.
One could imagine how many people were trapped in these whirlpools and still unable to escape.
When they passed by the whirlpools, they could sometimes see people crying for help.
However, Luo Zheng was not a savior. Other than helping Lin Zhanting save his son, he did not plan to take the fourth candle. If the person who set the candle found out, his fate could be imagined.
After entering the sixth segment line, Luo Zheng stopped advancing and used his physical body to cross the Sea of True Intent.
This blazing red seawater also had a certain body-tempering effect, but it did not have much effect on Luo Zheng. As he swam through the water, the seawater began to boil like lava.
During this process, Luo Zheng could clearly feel the True Intent of Dao in his physical body. At the same time, he wondered if there was any True Intent Divine Ability that could unleash this True Intent of Dao …
However, Luo Zheng was the only one in the Mother World. It was probably impossible to find a related True Intent Divine Ability. Perhaps he could use it in the future after he figured it out.
When both his soul and physical body entered the sixth segment line, he began to prepare to open the giant whirlpool.
According to Ling Shuang, the Taiyi Mountain Family was also looking forward to it. Her cousin, in particular, was anxiously waiting every day.
Especially after Ear Mouse had delivered the fifteen million Divine Gems, the Lin family was completely convinced of Luo Zheng's ability. Ming Xuan was also brimming with energy. After all, Luo Zheng had given him the greatest hope.
The Sword Comprehension Liquid was handed over to Yue Baicheng, Qiu Siyuan, and the others. The initial price was only fifteen thousand divine crystals.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that this price was a bit high, but Yue Baicheng and the others thought that since the other people were selling Sword Comprehension Spirit Liquid for twenty thousand Divine Crystals, the difference of five thousand Divine Crystals was enough.
Just as Yue Baicheng thought, 120 bottles were sold in the market on the first day of its release, and the remaining 80 bottles were preordered by some people.
After all, the Sword Comprehension Liquid was expensive, and it was difficult for them to buy it on the same day. They could only raise money overnight.
After selling a large amount of divine crystals, Yue Baicheng entrusted Lai Huabei to secretly purchase the Heaven Pure Liquid.
This was where Yue Baicheng was smart.
They weren't the only ones producing Sword Comprehension Spirit Liquid. Their actions were undoubtedly stealing other people's business and disrupting the market.
Therefore, Yue Baicheng didn't want to make a big fuss about producing Sword Comprehension Spirit Liquid for the time being. Perhaps it would be discovered by the other party in the end, but before that, it should be able to help Luo Zheng earn a considerable amount of Divine Crystals.
For more than ten days, there was a considerable amount of income coming in every day.
Luo Zheng didn't take it all for himself. He took out a million Divine Crystals and distributed them equally to his subordinates.
Su Kuan also got a share …
After Su Kuan was restricted by his family, it was very difficult for him to even take out a few hundred Divine Crystals. He was overjoyed to get ten thousand Divine Crystals. Following a tycoon was indeed the right choice.
As for his status as a banner master? He didn't have any plans to become a banner master at all. He was the only one under his banner.
Before undoing the Great Maelstrom, Luo Zheng once again returned to his inner world.
…
…
During this time, Luo Zheng would occasionally transform into his inner world to interact with the girls.
When he entered the immortal estate, he would adjust the flow of time back to normal. The flow of time in his inner world was faster, so Luo Zheng could spend more time with the girls. When he left, he synchronized the time in the immortal estate with his mother world, so that they wouldn't have to wait for him for a long time.
Ning Yudie often talked about it, and Luo Zheng would tell them about recent events.
These girls had once devoted themselves to cultivation in order to leave the immortal estate. Now that they had Luo Zheng's constant companionship, and their lifespans were unlimited, they naturally didn't have that state of mind.
Only Xun was devoting herself to cultivating the True Meaning of Dao, but her compatibility seemed to be very low.
Luo Zheng planned to send over other True Meanings of Dao. If she really had the willpower, she could also set foot in the Sea of True Meanings.
After returning to his mother world, Luo Zheng understood that entering the Sea of True Meanings wasn't as difficult as he imagined. The reason why the Divine Territory was so rare was entirely due to the cultural gap of the Jiuli Tribe, which led to the fragmentation of the True Meaning of Dao.
After staying in the immortal estate for a few days, Luo Zheng's inner world's incarnation flashed slightly and arrived on a continent in his inner world.
Tianjue Sect.
The number one sect on this continent.
A young man stood with his hands behind his back and a long spear in his hand, standing at the entrance of the sect.
Not far away, thousands of people surrounded him, all of whom were pointing and whispering.
"Where did this freak come from!"
"That Evil Deities from back then disappeared, and now another monstrous figure has appeared!"
"Challenging the number one sect on his own, too wonderful!"
This young man was Luo Nian.
As Luo Nian grew, he also became more mature.
Outside the immortal estate, time passed very quickly. His current bone age was actually about the same as Luo Zheng's.
After cultivating to Lower True God, he ultimately had a great conflict with the Tianjue Sect because of the continent's number two sect, the Flowing Flower Sect.
Although he understood that it was very simple to solve the matter in front of him — return to the immortal estate, tell his mother, and let his father come forward.
This was his father's world, who could contend against him?
Even those three old monsters in the Tianjue Sect would be annihilated with a thought from his father.
But Luo Nian wanted to solve it himself.
Whether it was magical power or talent, Luo Nian wasn't weak, not to mention that he also had a certain understanding of the True Meaning of Dao. In this round of battle, he had already defeated seven people.
These seven people were all peerless powerhouses of the present generation, but they were all defeated by Luo Nian in one move. The entire continent was practically shaken.
"Tianjue's Three Freaks! Get out! "Luo Nian pointed his halberd and shouted angrily.
The reason why he killed his way to the Tianjue Sect was because of the Flowing Flower Sect's Holy Maiden.
Compared to Luo Zheng, Luo Nian was much more devoted. After the Flowing Flower Sect was bullied by the Tianjue Sect, he was naturally furious for the sake of a beauty.
At this moment, a cold voice suddenly came from the Tianjue Sect.
"Humph! If we still let a brat like you run rampant here, do you really think there's no one in my Tianjue Sect? "The Tianjue Sect finally couldn't bear it anymore, and a red-haired old man shot out from the sect.
"Very good!" Luo Nian smiled coldly, and the long spear in his hand turned out traces of red light. His entire person also emitted an extraordinary aura, very stunning.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly flew out of the crowd and landed behind Luo Nian.
Seeing Luo Zheng appear, Luo Nian was also stunned, and his face sank. "Father, why are you here, I don't need your help …"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, glanced at the red-haired old man indifferently, and said, "I won't ask about your matters, but I need your help with something."
He came to find Luo Nian for the two paramita keys.

Chapter 2718
The Shadow of the Paramita
Luo Nian had risen to fame ten years ago, but then suddenly disappeared for three years.
Everyone on the continent thought that this genius had fallen like a meteor, but in fact, he had returned to the immortal mansion to cultivate during that time.
After returning, Luo Nian's cultivation had soared, and his strength was even more astonishing.
Everyone was speculating about the power behind Luo Nian, and what kind of family could cultivate such a character.
Now, the answer had been revealed. A mere Life and Death Realm cultivation was really shocking.
Luo Nian was about to challenge the Three Eccentrics of Heaven's End, but his father suddenly came out to interrupt. He was naturally a bit depressed, but fortunately, Luo Zheng had suppressed his cultivation to the Life and Death Realm.
If Luo Zheng had appeared with his original appearance, the people of Heaven's End Sect would probably have knelt down and kowtowed on the spot.
"Old Eccentrics of Heaven's End, just you wait! I'll be back in a moment! "
Luo Nian threw down these words, and together with Luo Zheng, he teleported to another desolate place in the blink of an eye.
"What's so important?" Luo Nian curled his lips and said.
Luo Zheng gently flipped his hand, and two octagonal copper plates appeared in his hand.
Luo Zheng had obtained one of these copper plates in the Heaven's Wall City. There were no other treasures in the Cenotaph, and only these copper plates attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
When he poured the Spirit Crystal into them, a map appeared on the copper plates, and there was a Sanskrit annotation next to it. Luo Zheng naturally couldn't understand it.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng rescued the Earthen Mouse and obtained the second copper plate that he understood that this copper plate was called the Paramita Key.
As the name implied, these two copper plates should be the key to open a place on the Paramita Key.
Luo Zheng believed that it wouldn't be long before he reached the Paramita Key, and it might be useful at that time.
That day, when Ling Shuang sent the Earthen Mouse's Paramita Key, she also told Luo Zheng that if he wanted to use the key in the Paramita Key, he must first decipher the Sanskrit in the key. If Luo Zheng wanted, she could help.
The Greater One Heavenly Palace employed translators who specialized in deciphering Sanskrit for a living, but it took a long time to decipher it. It could be as short as a few years, or as long as a dozen years. Moreover, it cost a lot of money.
Hearing Ling Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was speechless.
If Luo Zheng's Heavenly Palace, he would be able to deciphering Sanskrit, he would be able to see through Sanskrit in a glance.
Luo Zheng politely declined Ling Shuang's offer. Only then did he bring the two copper plates into his inner world.
"What the hell is this?" Luo Nian pinched the two pieces of copper and examined them. He could only see countless stripes. Where were the Sanskrit characters?
Luo Zheng gently extended his hand and took out a divine crystal.
Seeing the pure energy within the divine crystal, Luo Nian's face was filled with curiosity. "What is this? The energy in it is so amazing! "
Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed for his lack of knowledge. When Luo Zheng saw the Spirit crystal for the first time, he had the same expression.
"Ka!"
Luo Zheng squeezed it gently, dripping the energy in the Spirit crystal onto the Paramita Key.
The patterns on the Paramita Key began to flow slowly. Just like the first experiment, a map gradually emerged.
The Earthen Mouse's Paramita Key was the same.
Two maps. Two golden Sanskrit.
Luo Nian was excited when he saw the golden Sanskrit, but after a while, his expression became strange.
"This piece of copper has' One Layer of Heaven 'written on it. Behind it is a long string of sentences with unknown meaning, chirp …" Luo Nian pointed to the Earthen Mouse's copper.
"This piece of copper has' Nineteen Layers of Heaven 'written on it. Behind it is also a long string of sentences with unknown meaning, also recording …" Luo Nian continued.
"What do you mean by chirp?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Luo Nian shook his head. "I don't know. This is the first time I can't understand Sanskrit. This means it has no meaning."
In the past, Luo Nian could directly decipher the meaning of Sanskrit. But this time, even after deciphering it, the meaning was still unclear.
Luo Zheng thought for a while, then said, "Just repeat those sentences for me to remember."
"Okay." Luo Nian nodded, then recited according to the Sanskrit on the copper.
Sure enough, just like he said, he kept mumbling all kinds of unique syllables, which made Luo Zheng want to laugh.
But he still remembered every syllable without missing a word.
"I'm done." Luo Nian shrugged. He also felt that what he had deciphered was a little stupid. "Can I go back now?"
"Of course!" Luo Zheng patted Luo Nian's head and smiled. "You have good taste. If you really marry your sweetheart, you must tell me!"
"Got it. I'm still busy!" Luo Nian curled his lips. His figure flashed, and he disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood in place, still holding the two Paramita Keys and scrutinizing them.
"That Ear Mouse gave me a First Heaven Paramita Key. That's good …" Luo Zheng muttered.
There was a big difference in value between the First Heaven and the Nineteenth Heaven. The Rat Alliance was full of unscrupulous merchants.
But Luo Zheng had to climb up step by step. When he had just stepped into the Paramita Realm, this First Heaven Paramita Key would be the most suitable.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the difference in value between the Paramita Keys was countless times greater than he imagined.
Take the Paramita Token in the Cenotaph for example. Once it was deciphered, it would be worth hundreds of millions of Divine Crystals. It was a world of difference from Ear Mouse's!
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng ascended and left.
As he left, he saw Luo Nian using his spear to defeat one of the three old monsters of the Tianjue Sect.
"This kid …"
Compared to when he was young, Luo Nian was much more arrogant.
But the two couldn't be compared. Although Luo Zheng also grew up in his father's inner world, he didn't know anything about the outside world. Luo Nian, on the other hand, was fearless when he knew everything. No matter how mischievous he was, there would be someone to back him up.
After figuring out the secret of the copper plate, Luo Zheng left the inner world.
A day later, he entered the Sea of True Intent again and helped Ming Xuan solve the third whirlpool and obtain the third candle.
Ming Xuan, who had been trapped for several years and was close to despair, wasn't in a hurry to advance in the Sea of True Intent. On the contrary, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang planned to take a step further. After rushing past the sixth section line, they charged toward the seventh section line.
After the initial crazy sales of Sword Comprehension Liquid, the sales gradually stabilized. But they still earned millions of Divine Crystals every day. After all, even if the price was reduced to fifteen thousand Divine Crystals, there were still few who could afford it.
Su Kuan received a sum of Divine Crystals and often ran to Dragon City. Just as he said, he could enter Dragon City without using his Banner Master status.
Three months later …
Luo Zheng's Sun Soul became more and more resilient.
For a period of time, whether it was day or night, he stayed in the Sea of True Intent, neither advancing nor retreating. He quietly endured the invasion of the chill in the sea.
Now, Luo Zheng's Sun Soul didn't have much of an advantage compared to others. He could only spend more time cultivating. The tempering of the chill could also continuously strengthen his Sun Soul.
In these three months, he and Ling Shuang had crossed the seventh section line and the eighth section line.
When he crossed the eighth section line, he had already reached the end of the Sea of True Intent. In the azure sea, he could faintly see tiny crystals. These crystals floated in the sea and could actually corrode the Sea of True Intent boats. They undoubtedly formed a powerful obstacle and test for the Sun Soul.
After crossing the ninth section line, he would reach the other shore.

Chapter 2719
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Giant Waves
Luo Zheng did not encounter many True Meaning boats between the first and sixth segment lines.
However, after passing the sixth segment line, there were more and more small boats floating on the Sea of True Intent. When they reached the ninth segment line, they looked around.
When he looked at the ninth segment lines, they were densely packed.
"Why are there so many people …" Luo Zheng was surprised to see the boats on the sea.
Ling Shuang giggled. "The first eight segments are child's play compared to the ninth segment. Most people stay there for a long time. What do you think they're doing?"
Luo Zheng looked around and realized that the True Meaning boats were quietly floating on the sea. The Sun souls were meditating.
Clearly, they were doing the same thing as Luo Zheng. They stayed in the ninth segment lines and received the baptism of the Sea of True Meaning to strengthen their Sun souls.
"The Paramita Realm is a huge hurdle. This hurdle is reflected in the soul. Some people stay in the ninth segment lines to cultivate for years," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
Although the crystals in the sea would corrode the True Meaning boats, they just had to leave the Sea of True Meaning before they collapsed. When they returned, the boats would reform and be brand new.
So in Luo Zheng's eyes, the True Meaning boats were constantly disappearing and condensing.
This was a huge training ground for souls.
"Let's begin," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded. Like the others, he adjusted the direction of the True Meaning boats and endured the corrosion of the sea.
The people under the banner of Dragon City had a natural advantage in this aspect.
In the process of tempering their Sun souls, there were constantly people buying Soul Pills.
At first, Luo Zheng was rather curious. After all, Divine Crystals could not be brought here. How were they going to trade?
After listening to Ling Shuang, Luo Zheng understood that they were using the Rat Alliance as a guarantor.
One party would give Divine Crystals to the Rat Alliance as a guarantor. Then, the Soul Pills would be traded in the Sea of True Meaning. The Rat Alliance would then pay the Divine Crystals to the other party as a third party.
During the entire process, the Rat Alliance would take a portion of the Divine Crystals as a commission.
And this kind of trade was not limited to the Sea of True Meaning. Even the Paramita trade relied on the Rat Alliance as a guarantor. There were countless such trades every day!
As the guarantor, the Rat Alliance reaped great benefits.
Listening to Ling Shuang, Luo Zheng clicked his tongue in amazement. This group of rats in the mother world was indeed smart …
…
Autumn left and winter came.
The entire Dragon City was covered in a thin layer of snow.
Most people only stayed in the nine-dash line for three to four hours, but Luo Zheng spent twice as much time in it.
In the rest of the time, Luo Zheng went to the Sword Training Pagoda to consolidate the [Fusion God Sword Scripture] and the [Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Scripture].
Luo Zheng knew everything that was happening in his inner world. Luo Zheng only needed to follow the method and ratio that the Evil Deities used to fuse with the Divine Dao. This wasn't difficult at all.
The only troublesome thing was that the Evil Deities weren't upper true gods at that time, so they had to pay special attention to certain aspects when fusing with the perfect divine dao again.
In the blink of an eye, another three months passed.
One of the true meaning boats in the nine-segment line suddenly moved. Soon after, hundreds and thousands of true meaning boats followed suit and sped forward.
"Eh?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
"These people are planning to break through to the Nirvana Realm," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
"Are we going too?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If you're willing, I'll go with you," Ling Shuang replied.
If Ling Shuang relied on her soul necklace, it wouldn't be difficult for her to break through to the Nirvana Realm.
However, she also thought that she and Luo Zheng needed to train their Yang Souls. Breaking through to the Nirvana Realm too early wouldn't be a good thing even if they succeeded.
"Okay!" Luo Zheng nodded.
Two True-Intent boats also started cruising on the sea.
The nine-dash line was the final bottleneck, so one could imagine how difficult it was. Every time they tried to break through to the Nirvana Realm, there would be tens of thousands of True-Intent boats gathered together. It was a spectacular scene!
Since someone was taking the lead, Luo Zheng was happy to have some free time.
The whole team was divided into three, with Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng's True-Intent boats following behind.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
As they continued to move forward, waves swept over, and the True-Intent boats that were linked together rose and fell with the waves.
"Everyone, be careful!"
"Before reaching the nine-dash line, the waves will get bigger and bigger!"
"If you can't stabilize your boat, please return on your own!"
During the process of moving forward, people constantly warned loudly, and these warnings were passed on to each other.
It was very common for people to die in the process of breaking through to the Nirvana Realm. This was also a tradition in the nine-dash line.
After these warnings were issued, some people left the team and turned their boats around to return. These people knew their own limits, so naturally, they didn't dare to force their way to the Nirvana Realm.
"I wonder if Dongfang Chunjun had always been here …" Luo Zheng remembered that Dongfang Chunjun was also a character in the nine-dash line, and he had been trapped there for a long time.
Cui Xie couldn't be blamed. He couldn't get a Soul Elixir in the Divine Territory, and he didn't have resources like Dragon City. It was indeed difficult for him to cross to the Nirvana Realm by himself.
After Luo Zheng swallowed a Soul Elixir, the chill was offset, and his state of mind calmed down.
It was also time for Ling Shuang to adjust her heartbeat and stand steadily at the bow of the boat.
Every time the waves of the Sea of True-Intent surged over, the two of them tried their best to keep the True-Intent boats stable. In a fleet of more than ten thousand people, perhaps only a hundred people could do what Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang did.
The fleet traveled for about ten miles, and the waves suddenly became bigger. Under the howling of the cold wind, it was as if it was going to freeze the soul.
The warnings were even more intense, one after another!
"I, I can't do it!"
A person on the left front of Luo Zheng shouted. In a moment of desperation, he directly withdrew from the Sea of True-Intent.
This was still considered lucky.
Not far away, two True-Intent boats were tossed by the waves, and the entire boat flipped over, turning upside down in the sea.
The Sun Soul entered the sea and turned into ashes.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped, and he asked Ling Shuang, who was behind him, "Every time we attack the Nirvana Realm, so many people die?"
"More or less, it's still a little better now. I heard from Granny that a long, long time ago, the number of Soul Elixirs was extremely rare, and countless Sun Souls died at the nine-segment line. At that time, the nine-segment line was known as the Gates of Hell. Those who could enter the Nirvana Realm were one in ten thousand, and the other nine thousand people would all die …" Ling Shuang replied.
After people began to die in the fleet, more people began to feel fearful and began to retreat.
Two-thirds of the fleet of more than ten thousand people actually began to retreat …
The remaining three thousand people were all prepared to fight with their lives on the line. Even in the face of such a harsh environment, they had no intention of retreating!
After another ten miles, the waves doubled again.
A wave swept over, lifting Luo Zheng's True-Intent boat to a height of thirty to forty feet.
"Luo Zheng! Be careful! "Ling Shuang reminded.
She still had a lot of confidence in Luo Zheng's ability to adapt, but she still had some worries in her heart.
Luo Zheng stood at the bow of the boat, gliding along with the waves, and rather ingeniously dispelled this huge wave. But when he stood at the peak of the wave, his expression suddenly changed.
Five kilometers in front of them, there was a huge wave that was over a hundred feet in height surging towards them!

Chapter 2720
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Pure Gold Sand
"There's a huge wave ahead!"
Luo Zheng said to Ling Shuang as he slid down with the wave.
Ling Shuang twisted the boat and defused the wave. She asked, "How high is it?"
"About 30 meters," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
Even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to avoid such a huge wave. Once he was hit by the huge wave, he would also end up with his ship destroyed.
Ling Shuang said calmly, "Don't worry, the people in front will report the time."
"Report the time? What do you mean? "Luo Zheng didn't understand.
At this moment, there was another shout from the True Intent boat in front.
"Huge wave 130 meters high ahead! About four breaths' time! "
"Four breaths' time! If you don't want to die, get ready! "
"Four breaths' time!"
Everyone relayed the message. Ling Shuang also warned the people behind.
Then, Ling Shuang said to Luo Zheng, "There's a limit to the width of this wave. When it reaches us, retreat and come back in four breaths' time!"
Hearing Ling Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was enlightened.
After they left the Sea of True Intent, they would disappear along with the boat. But when they returned, they would appear in the same place. This was equivalent to hiding in space to avoid the huge wave.
"That's a good idea," Luo Zheng said.
Ling Shuang smiled. "In order to reach the other shore, those creatures have thought of many ways. There will be more waves later, so we have to be careful."
Just like what Ling Shuang had said, when Luo Zheng saw that huge wave sweeping towards those True Intent boats, those True Intent boats suddenly disappeared. Obviously, they had retreated from the Sea of True Intent.
After a while, the huge wave finally reached them.
"Don't rush …"
"A little closer!"
"Retreat when we're close to the huge wave."
Ling Shuang stared at the huge wave in front of them and said. Passing through the huge wave wasn't difficult, but timing was very important.
"Go!" Ling Shuang said crisply.
Luo Zheng had already activated the illusion breaking spell. Just as the huge wave was about to drown him, he and the boat disappeared in front of the huge wave.
Luo Zheng, who was sitting under the banner, suddenly opened his eyes.
Earlier, he was still in the midst of the strange waves. Now, he was back outside of Dragon City. The surroundings were quiet. Everyone was cultivating quietly. He wondered if there was anyone outside of Dragon City who was trying to reach the Nirvana Realm with him.
"One, two, three.
Four … "
Luo Zheng calmly inhaled and exhaled four times. Once again, he circulated his True Intent of Dao and returned to the Sea of True Intent.
When he returned, he reflexively looked back.
That huge wave was already far away from him, but he did not see Ling Shuang's True Intent boat.
Luo Zheng's heart tightened. This girl wouldn't be caught in the huge wave, right?
However, very quickly, Ling Shuang and her True Intent boat appeared out of thin air. The moment she appeared, she pointed behind Luo Zheng and said, "Be careful!"
Luo Zheng felt a jolt under his feet, and the True Intent boat almost flipped over. It was only because Luo Zheng deliberately maintained his balance that he was able to stand stably on the waves.
"When you return to the Sea of True Intent, the first thing you need to do is look forward! If there was another huge wave, you would already be dead, "Ling Shuang reprimanded him.
"I'm afraid that you didn't manage to avoid the huge wave," Luo Zheng said.
"Even so, you shouldn't turn back. It's normal for people to die trying to reach the Nirvana Realm. Even if I die, there's nothing you can do," Ling Shuang said seriously.
"I understand," Luo Zheng said.
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Ling Shuang smiled. Although she was lecturing Luo Zheng, she could feel Luo Zheng's worry and felt a tinge of sweetness in her heart.
After crossing the first huge wave, they walked forward for more than a thousand feet. The sea in front of them began to churn again.
"The second huge wave … is even higher …"
After dealing with the first huge wave, Luo Zheng was no longer afraid of this huge wave.
It was not difficult to cross the huge wave as long as the timing was right.
"This time, the huge wave is 170 feet high!"
"Six breaths of time …"
"Six breaths of time!"
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang also followed the prescribed order. They retreated and entered again.
Then the third wave, the fourth wave, the fifth wave …
The closer they got to the Nirvana Realm, the higher and wider the waves became.
During this process, many people did not manage the timing well or were unlucky when returning to the Sea of True Intent. They were hit by the smaller waves after the huge wave and died.
The number of people floating in the Sea of True Intent decreased rapidly, from more than 3,000 people to 700 or 800 people.
"It's strange … it can't be that 2,000 people died in the Sea of True Intent, right?"
The number of boats floating in the sea decreased too quickly.
"Some of them left directly. They don't dare to come back," Ling Shuang said.
"But they have to come back sooner or later. If they get caught in the huge wave when they come back, won't it be more dangerous?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang smiled and said, "The Sea of True Intent has a rest period every two or three years. It's safe to enter the Sea of True Intent at that time."
"Then why don't we wait until the rest period to reach the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng was even more puzzled when he heard about the rest period.
"Because at that time, all the boats can only retreat and not move forward." Ling Shuang shrugged.
While they were talking, another huge wave rolled up in front of them …
As the group continued to move forward, people kept disappearing. They either left the Sea of True Intent or died in the huge waves.
They went over hundreds of huge waves. When they went over a huge wave that was more than 600 feet high, the number of people had decreased to about 100 people. The sea instantly became calm.
Traces of warmth emanated from the seawater, and the originally biting cold had already disappeared without a trace. The Sun Soul stood on the True Intent boat, and only felt a warm feeling.
There was a carefree laughter in front of them. Some people were lying on their backs on the Sea of True Intent boat while others were jumping happily at the bow.
The Sea of True Intent became shallower and shallower …
A few hundred feet away, there was a golden beach.
"We … have already reached the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng said as he gazed at the beach.
"Yes!" Ling Shuang replied with a faint smile on her face.
"It seems very simple …" Luo Zheng originally thought that there would be more troublesome things waiting for him. He didn't expect to reach the Nirvana Realm safely after going over these huge waves.
Ling Shuang tilted her head and thought for a while before replying, "It's not that difficult. But in the process of breaking through to the Nirvana Realm, as long as there is a slight mistake, you will die without a doubt!"
The Sea of True Intent posed a great threat to the Sun Soul. No one could afford to have a single mistake.
"Huala …"
"Huala …"
One by one, the Sea of True Intent boats sailed onto the beach.
Someone jumped down from the boat. The Sun Soul stepped on the beach and ran wildly on it.
There were also people rolling on the golden beach, celebrating that they had crossed the most important threshold in their lives.
Luo Zheng jumped down from the Sea of True Intent boat and looked around. The beach was bare. Other than the golden sand, there were occasional bare rocks.
"I wonder where the Nirvana Realm token is?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
In Luo Zheng's imagination, there should be a lot of Nirvana Realm tokens. At the very least, everyone who stepped onto the Nirvana Realm would have their own token. So when he stepped onto the Nirvana Realm, he was most concerned about this.
"It's under your feet!" Ling Shuang smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng blinked and looked at the beach under his feet. "You mean … this sand is the Nirvana Realm token?"

Chapter 2721
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Heavenly Sunflower Temple
Luo Zheng bent down and scooped up a handful of sand, then held it in his hand.
The sand was slightly warm. Upon closer inspection, he could indeed feel a trace of energy from it.
"The Pure Gold Sand is the weakest Nirvana Token. The power it contains is only half a Jun of strength. Normally, no one would fuse with it." Ling Shuang pointed at the bare stones not far away and continued, "Those are Celestial Blue Stones. After fusing with them, you'll have one Jun of strength!"
"Celestial Blue Stone!"
Luo Zheng had seen such a Nirvana Token before.
When Yin Yuehuan brought him into Dragon City for the first time, someone used the red stones in Dragon City to test his strength. That person had two Jun of strength, and his Nirvana Token was a piece of Celestial Blue Stone.
Luo Zheng walked forward and picked up the Celestial Blue Stone. He studied it for a while. The power emitted from the Celestial Blue Stone was indeed stronger than the Pure Gold Sand.
"Seems like there are treasures everywhere in the Nirvana Realm …" Luo Zheng was a little emotional.
In the True God Realm, Luo Zheng was not afraid of anyone. He even had the ability to fight against those who had just entered the Nirvana Realm.
Even if he unleashed all of his power, he only had one Jun of strength when he tested it on the red stones. Fusing with such an ordinary stone could double his strength. Such an increase was too impressive.
"These things are not our goal. Let's go!" Ling Shuang walked forward.
With her background, she naturally looked down on these Nirvana Tokens.
Although the Nirvana Token could be changed, she was not in a hurry to fuse …
Most of them walked towards the depths of the beach. Only a few of them stayed where they were. These people were eager to increase their strength, so they used the Celestial Blue Stone as a Nirvana Token to fuse with them.
Everything in the Nirvana Realm contained power. Even a grain of sand or a leaf could be fused with them. Walking along the beach, Luo Zheng could feel the rich energy aura with every step he took.
He really did not know what kind of existence the Nirvana Realm was. It did not belong to any space in the chaos. It was an existence completely in his imagination.
However, when his soul stepped into it, he could really feel the rich world of this place.
The beach was about six to seven miles long. In the time it took for them to burn a stick of incense, Ling Shuang, they were able to see a green field. The things here was more.
"White Angelica Grass, like the Celestial Blue Stone is, it. is. although it is suitable for sword Sword's Sword's eternal, it, it's power, it, it, is, it …"
"Green Birch Leaf Green Birch Tree,"
"…"
Although Translation: Translation: Translation Translation Ling, Translation: Translation Translation: Translation: Translation of of Nen Translation of the translation Translation Er of of Translation Of Translation of Translation of, Translation's, Translation Translation.
However, Er Zheng of She Paper Er things Translation's She Of these Token
"Is there anyone who uses living creatures as a Nirvana token?" Luo Zheng suddenly thought of a question when he saw this.
Regardless of whether it was the Divine Territory or the Mother World, he had never seen a living creature take out a token from a Nirvana Realm powerhouse.
Ling Shuang nodded. "Yes, but … it's very rare. Since ancient times, there have been very few people who have merged with's because it's too difficult to merge with the living things here …"
The Nen Of Translation was not a lifeless world. There were also living things here, but it was very difficult to capture those living things in the state of Yang Soul. Countless people had died in the hands of Nen Of Translation's living things.
In Taiyi Mountain, there was an expert who had merged with a Heaven Step Divine Ape. Relying on that Divine Ape, his strength had increased by leaps and bounds. He was now one of the famous experts in Taiyi Mountain.
Just as Ling Shuang and Ling Shuang were talking, three people walked over from not far away.
The leader greeted them and then asked, "Would the two of you like to join us?"
These three people were also people who had just crossed the Nen Of Translation. Judging from the aura of their Yang Souls, they were the best among the hundred people.
The other party had also noticed that Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's aura was stronger than ordinary people. After observing them, they came forward to invite them.
"What's the benefit of joining you?" Ling Shuang went forward and asked.
The leader gently stretched out his hand, and a few densely packed words appeared in his palm. On these lines, a map appeared!
After seeing those words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
These lines were exactly the same as the Nen Of Translation key he had, but what was revealed was completely different. The copper plate had disappeared, and only the lines remained.
As for the map, it was almost exactly the same as the map given by Ear Mouse.
In other words, the Nen Of Translation key this person had was the same as the one in his hand.
"I've obtained a Nen Of Translation key to the Heavenly Kui Temple. If you're interested, you can explore with us," the leader said.
This was a good thing. Even a First Heaven Nen Of Translation key was not cheap.
Luo Zheng was slightly moved, but he did not answer. He knew too little about the Nen Of Translation. Whether he went or not should be decided by Ling Shuang.
Moreover, the Nen Of Translation key in his hand was exactly the same as this person's. Even if he did not join them, he would probably be able to find the Heavenly Kui Temple.
Ling Shuang originally planned to accompany Luo Zheng to walk around here for a while. She was not in a hurry to explore. The matter of fusing with the Nen Of Translation token could be discussed later.
However, seeing that Luo Zheng wanted to go, she nodded and agreed.
The leader said happily, "That's great. The three of us have just entered the Nen Of Translation and want to get a better Nen Of Translation token. With the two of you, it should be easier!"
Along the way, the three of them introduced themselves. The three brothers belonged to a remote human tribe. The leader was the eldest brother, Di Qing, the second brother was Di Su, and the third brother was Di Gu.
Di Qing was more talkative, while Di Su and Di Gu were very quiet.
"May I know which human force you two are from?" Di Qing asked after introducing himself.
"Taiyi Mountain," Ling Shuang answered simply.
Hearing Ling Shuang's introduction, the attitude of the three changed drastically. Di Qing even cupped his hands. "So you're from the Heavenly Palace. I've heard so much about you!"
As a fellow human, they still looked forward to the current three major orthodoxies of the human race.
Ling Shuang did not respond. This kind of worship was very disdainful. In fact, before meeting Luo Zheng, she had always been very pessimistic about her identity. Most of the time, she was more envious of the men and women in Dragon City.
At least they could fight for their own path. The future would present itself in front of her in a different way.
However, from the moment she was born, her fate had been predetermined. Everything was set in stone.
Di Qing followed the map that emerged from the Nen Of Translation key and led the group forward for a distance in the plains. After turning a corner, a curved canyon appeared. The fault of the canyon leaned against a dilapidated temple.
This was the Heavenly Kui Temple that Di Qing had mentioned.
Although the temple was very old and dilapidated, the craftsmanship of the temple itself was very high. The structure was very delicate.
I wonder who built this temple in the Nen Of Translation. Luo Zheng looked at the temple in the distance and pondered.

Chapter 2722
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Sky-Weaving Silk
There were six or seven people standing at the entrance of the temple. There was another team on the other side of the cliff.
These people had no intention of entering the temple. They seemed to be waiting for something.
When they saw Luo Zheng and Di Qing's group, all of them became spirited and looked over in unison.
Ling Shuang had already understood their purpose. She smiled and said, "Looks like these people are planning to freeload off your key …"
"These poor bastards …" Di Qing secretly complained.
Although the Paramita Key in the First Heaven was not difficult to obtain, it was still a precious item for most people.
They wanted to enter the temple but did not have the Paramita Key. They could only wait outside the temple.
After the temple was opened, the inner door would not be closed for a period of time. As long as they were not a particularly powerful force, they would not be able to stop them from entering.
"How long will the temple last after it's opened?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Every temple is different, but the Skyflower Temple lasts for about an hour," Di Qing said.
As the first temple to enter the Paramita Realm, the Skyflower Temple should be the one visited by the Yang souls the most. Some of its secrets had already been figured out.
"Let's go," Ling Shuang said.
As the five of them walked towards the temple, the ten or so people on the cliff followed them. The seven people blocking the main entrance also opened up a path.
One of them laughed and said, "We've waited for half a month. Finally, someone has come to open the door."
Di Qing ignored this person and walked towards the main entrance of the temple.
There was a small square on the right side of the door. There were also unique patterns on the square. Di Qing placed his hand on the square. The temple's door frame began to emit a faint glow.
"Woo woo …"
As the glow grew stronger, the main entrance of the temple disappeared.
"The door is open!"
"Let's go …"
The team guarding the door rushed in impatiently, completely ignoring Di Qing who had opened the door.
Although he could not see Di Qing's face, Luo Zheng could feel that he was very unhappy.
"Am I too kind? Do you want me to teach them a lesson?" Di Qing sneered.
This time, Di Qing was one of the three leaders at the front of the charge to the Nirvana Realm. Those who could become leaders were all people who had been immersed in the sea of True Meaning for many years. Whether it was experience or Yang Soul itself, they were far stronger than ordinary people.
Even Luo Zheng could faintly feel threatened by the soul aura he emitted in anger.
"Big Brother, don't bother with these idiots. Look at how rash they are. They'll just be throwing their lives away if they go in," advised Di Su.
Under his second brother's persuasion, Di Qing suppressed his anger and the five of them entered the Sky Sunflower Temple one after another.
As soon as he entered, Luo Zheng felt an oppressive aura coming from the temple. However, Luo Zheng also felt a powerful energy in this aura.
"Since this temple is also built with Nirvana objects, can't the bricks used to build the temple also be used as Nirvana tokens?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ling Shuang lowered his voice and laughed. "Don't you feel that this temple is very clean inside and out?"
Even though the temple was so dilapidated, Luo Zheng did not find anything broken. It was indeed very clean.
"The bricks of the temple itself are also good Nirvana tokens. However, every brick and stone here is very difficult to destroy with the Yang Soul …" Ling Shuang shrugged and said.
"But why is this temple so dilapidated?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang blinked and then said, "It can't be destroyed now, but it doesn't mean it couldn't be destroyed in the past. For example … in the past when it was possible to enter the sea physically …"
In that era, it was not rare to cross the Nirvana Realm physically. However, after the truth of the entire chaos was changed, it became extinct.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart moved slightly. "If we can break off the bricks of the temple …"
"We can sell them for a good price," Ling Shuang continued Luo Zheng's words.
The two of them understood tacitly and laughed softly.
The three Di brothers, who were walking in front, were baffled. Break off the bricks of the temple? What are these two people from the Heavenly Palace talking about?
There were many areas where the physical body could be used after entering the Nirvana Realm. This was also the reason why Mount Taiyi valued Luo Zheng. In the eyes of Mount Taiyi, this had already surpassed Luo Zheng's talent of comprehending the Dao with a single thought!
The interior of the temple was intricate and complicated. Many places had collapsed and there were big holes everywhere. The five of them followed the paths and kept going around.
Along the way, Luo Zheng saw quite a number of strange statues. There were thousands of them, all kinds of things.
These statues were not human. They did not even look like any ferocious creatures he had seen before. Although Luo Zheng could be sure that these were some kind of living creatures because these statues at least had eyes, such living creatures had never appeared in this era.
I wonder what kind of race built this temple, Luo Zheng muttered in his heart.
At this moment, an excited shout suddenly came from the front. "It's the Heavenly Weaving Silk! How lucky! "
"Heavenly Weaving Silk …" Di Qing's expression darkened. Then, the three brothers quickly rushed forward.
The Heavenly Weaving Silk was an extremely outstanding Nirvana token. It was a top-notch item in the First Heaven and was difficult to find in the entire First Heaven.
Di Qing could not tolerate the people in front of him being one step ahead of him.
Indeed, in the corner of the second floor of the temple, there was a fine spider web hanging. The six or seven people who had entered earlier were surrounded by this spider web.
"The Sky Sunflower Temple was opened by me! This Nirvana token should belong to us. You … can't touch it! "The three Di brothers climbed up the stairs at the side and were already guarding the narrow passageway.
"Haha, who do you think you are? Once this temple is opened, how can you close it? Let's take it based on our own abilities! What we found naturally belongs to us! "One of the people on the other side laughed coldly. Clearly, they had no intention of backing down.
The Sky Sunflower Temple had been visited countless times. All the good things that should have been there had long been dug up. Finding the Heavenly Weaving Silk was definitely a grand prize. Who would be willing to give it up so easily?
"Whoosh …"
The soul auras of both sides exploded and surged in the temple. Under the confrontation, a chaotic battle between the Yang souls was about to break out.
At this moment, the third group also followed in. When they saw the Heavenly Weaving Silk on the second floor, they were also tempted.
Fighting over a Nirvana token was very common in the Nirvana Realm.
"Should we help?" Luo Zheng asked.
The three Di brothers had invited Luo Zheng and the others. They should also lend a helping hand.
Ling Shuang was somewhat hesitant. She said, "The Heavenly Weaving Silk was left behind by the Heavenly Weaving Spider … but why would the Heavenly Weaving Spider appear on the first floor of the temple?"
Just as she was feeling puzzled, a snow-white spider web suddenly fell from the entrance of the temple.
This spider web wrapped around the statues on both sides of the entrance. With a sudden twist, one of the statues' heads turned to the left and the other to the right.

Chapter 2723
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A blood-curdling scream
White light flashed in the eyes of the outermost statue and shot forward.
Two beams of white light pierced through a person's Yang Soul!
That person let out a sharp scream. It was actually a woman.
The woman's Yang Soul kept dancing and twisting, as if trying to break free from the white light that pierced through her. However, the white light seemed to contain some kind of magical power that firmly stuck her to it!
In the end, the woman was dissolved by the two beams of white light …
The white light of the second statue also shot out from its eyes.
Seeing that the situation was not right, those people rushed into the temple. The white light of the second statue did not penetrate anyone.
However, the third, fourth, and fifth statues followed closely behind …
Streaks of white light formed a messy and dense grid, expanding toward the interior of the temple.
There were statues everywhere in the temple. Every statue's eyes were brewing white light. If all the statues were to emit this kind of white light, there would be almost no space to hide!
Seeing the seven or eight people rushing towards them, Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng's hearts suddenly sank.
"Go up!"
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng dragged Ling Shuang up the stairs.
The three Di brothers and another group of people were still fighting over the Heaven Weaving Silk. When they saw the intertwining white light shooting out from the statues, their expressions changed greatly.
Although the Paramita token was important, it was not as important as their lives.
They immediately gave up on the confrontation and went up the stairs to the third floor.
The interior of the temple was divided into more than ten levels. Each level was connected by a spiral staircase. When Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang rushed to the second floor, another series of screams came from behind them.
Among the last group of people to enter, three of them were 'sucked' in by the white light. After the white light pierced a few big holes in their bodies, they no longer had any ability to escape.
In order to save his companion, one of them reached out and tried to pull him out of the white light. However, when that person touched his companion, he realized that he could not get rid of his hand. He was stuck by his companion's Yang Soul!
Another four people died!
"Why don't they leave the Paramita Temple?" Luo Zheng asked as he walked forward.
Ling Shuang smiled bitterly and said, "It's impossible to leave the temple. I forgot to tell you …"
There were temples of all sizes in the Paramita Temple. All of them required the corresponding Paramita Key to unlock. Not only could one obtain extremely rare and powerful Paramita tokens in the temples, but it could also strengthen one's soul.
However, every temple was extremely dangerous!
Logically speaking, Ling Shuang was not in a hurry to enter the temple. The Taiyi Palace naturally had better arrangements for her. However, the Sky Sunflower Temple was only in the first layer of heaven. She thought it would be relatively safe here. Now, it seemed that she was too naive.
"This …" Luo Zheng was helpless.
In fact, before entering the temple, Luo Zheng had thought about how to deal with the dangers he might encounter.
Once he was trapped in the divine temple, there was a high possibility that he would turn back and use his corporeal body to cross the sea. Therefore, before entering the divine temple, Luo Zheng had asked Ling Shuang how to use the Paramita Key. When the time came, he would need to rely on the Paramita Key to let his corporeal body enter this place.
Now, it seemed he had thought …..
"Buzz …"
. "..
. "The white light released by the statues continued to speed up. Although the team at the back was escaping at an extremely fast speed, the white light still caught up with them when they climbed to the second floor.
Accompanied by a series of screams, the Yang Souls were once again completely melted.
At this time, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had already rushed to the third floor. Di Qing and the rest had reached the fourth floor ….
Everyone could not even take care of themselves. They were focused on rushing up. As for whether the upper floors had a way out, they did not have the time to think about it.
Fourth floor, fifth floor, sixth floor ….
They rushed all the way to the twelfth floor. The steps below were densely packed with white light. Their momentum did not seem to weaken at all.
When everyone rushed to the thirteenth floor, they finally reached the top of the temple. This was the end.
At the end, there was a huge statue at the top. The eyes of the statue were also giving birth to white light.
. Buzz buzz buzz ….
There was no cover at the top. Once the white light was released, everyone would die.
"Over there!"
Ling Shuang pointed to one side of the wall. There were a few depressions there.
When Luo Zheng saw those depressions, his eyes suddenly lit up. He grabbed Ling Shuang and rushed in.
The moment the two of them rushed in, they saw the white light outside flashing!
"Ahhh …."
Accompanied by a series of shrill screams, it was unknown how many people were melted by the white light.
Not long after, all the screams disappeared. Only a white light could be seen sweeping past the depressions.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang squeezed in the narrow depressions without moving. Looking at the white light in front of them, the two of them rejoiced in their hearts.
If they had been just a breath's time slower, their Yang Souls would have been melted away.
"What is this thing?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang stared at the white light. Her face was filled with fear. "It is Soul Merging Origin Light … it is not rare in some big temples. However, the temples in the 1st layer of heaven are already in ruins. I have never heard of anyone saying that Soul Merging Origin Light would appear here …."
The Yang Soul had gone through many rounds of training. Sometimes, it could even stand shoulder to shoulder with the physical body. However, in the end, it was still a soul. There would still be things that could restrain it. This Soul Merging Origin Light was one of them.
"This Soul Merging Origin Light will not continue to shine like this right?" Luo Zheng asked.
No matter what kind of light it is, it will eventually consume energy. It is impossible for it to trap them forever.
"It should not …." Ling Shuang said with certainty.
Luo Zheng's heart calmed down a little. However, at this moment, a voice suddenly came from the side. "Di Su, Di Gu! Are you guys okay? "
The one who spoke was Di Qing.
When Ling Shuang discovered the depressions in the corner of the wall, Di Qing and the others also discovered them.
Everyone grasped this last chance of survival and desperately rushed towards these depressions.
"Big brother! I am fine! "Di Su answered." Di Gu …. Di Gu was melted by this white light! "
Di Su and Di Gu rushed towards the depressions together. However, Di Gu was one step slower and was directly swallowed by the white light.
Di Qing let out a painful howl.
The three of them stepped into the Nirvana Realm together. It was originally a perfect start. However, he did not expect that after a few hours, his third brother would die.
Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng also felt Di Qing's sadness. They shook their heads slightly.
The Nirvana Realm had always been like this. One could obtain extremely powerful strength in it. However, one also had to face huge risks.
In the Mother World, many people would make arrangements before they started cultivating. They were afraid that they would die after entering the Nirvana Realm. In the end, they would leave behind a physical body without a soul.
Di Qing let out a few howls and quieted down. The people in these depressions were all waiting for the white light to disperse.
While waiting, they suddenly heard a series of "Da Da Da Da" sounds. It seemed like something was climbing on the wall.
Immediately after, Luo Zheng heard a person in the next room suddenly shout.
"What is this …. Don't come over …. Don't come over …. Ah!"

Chapter 2724
Fearing the Eye Demon
There were people hiding in all the depressions. Judging from the miserable screams just now, it was clear that someone had been killed.
However, the depressions should be safe. Since the Soul Merging Essence Light could not shine in, how did that person die?
"Second brother! What happened just now? "Di Qing asked.
"I don't know either. It was the guy next door …" Di Su said nervously.
The person who had screamed just now was the leader of the group that Di Qing was facing.
Just as Di Su finished speaking, he suddenly stammered, "This, this … monster … don't come over …"
"Second brother! What's wrong! "Di Qing shouted.
"Ahhh …"
After Di Su let out a series of miserable screams, he immediately fell silent.
"Second brother! Second brother … "
No matter how Di Qing called out, there was no response from the person next door.
With the Soul Merging Essence Light in front of him, he was unable to help his second brother. He could only scream, "No matter what kind of monster you are, come at me! I, Di Qing, will tear you apart … "
Hearing Di Qing's screams, Ling Shuang's expression turned ugly. She had never been in such a situation before.
Especially when that thing was unknown. This deepened Ling Shuang's fear.
In the narrow space, she could not help but squeeze towards Luo Zheng.
The emotions of the Sun Soul were very easy to detect. Luo Zheng could clearly feel that Ling Shuang was very afraid. He hugged Ling Shuang even tighter and said softly, "Don't be afraid …"
"But what is that …" Ling Shuang said softly.
"No matter what it is, that thing will eventually reveal itself," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Facing this kind of unfamiliar fear, Luo Zheng was not the first or second time. His expression was much calmer than Ling Shuang's.
However, just as Luo Zheng was speaking, a series of clattering sounds could be heard from the wall. Immediately after, Di Qing's voice sounded. That voice even had a hint of sobbing, "Scram! What are you! Wuwuwu … "
Like the two people before him, this sobbing only lasted for three breaths of time before stopping.
At this time, even Luo Zheng frowned.
Anger was the first step to courage. After the deaths of his third and second brothers, Di Qing must be in a state of rage. Under such circumstances, he would not be afraid of anything.
Moreover, Di Qing was outstanding in all aspects and was definitely not a coward. What exactly did he see that could scare him to such an extent?
"What the hell is this …"
Ling Shuang also said with a sobbing tone. She was practically squeezing Luo Zheng's body. If it weren't for the sturdiness of her Yang Soul Body, the souls of the two would have fused together.
Luo Zheng didn't answer. He just looked at the entrance in front of the depression. It would be a lie if he said that he wasn't nervous. However, his instincts over the years told him that it was meaningless to panic in such a situation.
"Da da … Da da …"
The sound of light footsteps brushing against the wall came again. This time, the source of the sound was clearly closer. It should be coming from the depression next door.
Ling Shuang's body trembled slightly. Although she was also extremely afraid, she still turned her head slightly.
On the wall on one side of the depression, traces of black liquid gradually seeped out. After this liquid appeared, it turned into a black ball.
"Zi …"
These small black balls suddenly split open from the middle, revealing small round eyes.
"What is this, ah …"
Ling Shuang let out an ear-piercing scream. Her body trembled.
When Luo Zheng saw these eyes, he immediately thought of the strange statues in the temple.
In fact, if those statues didn't have eyes, they couldn't be called statues at all. This was because the distorted shapes were completely pieced together. It was the pairs of eyes that gave those statues their souls.
When these round eyes appeared with a little black light, all the fear in Luo Zheng's heart was mobilized.
At the same time, a sense of familiarity arose in Luo Zheng's heart.
In the Sword Race's Land of Dao Struggle, Yuan Chengtian had once transformed the True Meaning of Good and Evil. The Evil Meaning within could release the fear in one's heart!
But these eyes in front of him didn't have the True Meaning of Dao. Digging out the fear in one's heart seemed to be their talent.
Ling Shuang's ear-piercing scream kept echoing in Luo Zheng's ears. This intensified the fear in Luo Zheng's heart.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also felt his Yang Soul stiffen and not listen to his orders.
"Luo Zheng, there is a very simple way to fight against the Eye Demon of Fear. Do you want to hear it?" 9527's voice suddenly floated over.
"Say it! Stop talking nonsense! "
Luo Zheng still maintained a trace of clarity, but he also knew that he couldn't hold on for long.
Once his entire body was controlled by fear, he and Ling Shuang would end up like Di Qing and the others in the next room!
"Close your eyes, isolate yourself from external objects, cut off all senses, and have no thoughts … It shouldn't be difficult for you to do it with the Emotion-Cutting Divine Path. You can't look at this thing. Once you do, no matter how powerful you are, you won't be able to bear it," 9527 said.
Before 9527 finished speaking, Luo Zheng had already closed his eyes.
The Yang Soul could release Divine Sense, but Luo Zheng didn't release any Divine Sense. At the same time, the Emotion-Cutting Divine Path was already operating. Faint Soul Arrows constantly glowed with golden light on the surface of his soul.
In the past, using the Emotion-Cutting Divine Path to sharpen the Soul Arrows was Luo Zheng's killing move. But now that Luo Zheng's soul didn't have an overwhelming advantage, he rarely used this move anymore.
But using the Emotion-Cutting Divine Path to make himself fall into a state of no thoughts and no thoughts was still very fast.
When Luo Zheng no longer sensed external objects, the fear in his heart suddenly disappeared. But the Yang Soul's sense of touch and hearing still existed.
He could feel those eyes rapidly approaching. At the same time, he heard Ling Shuang's cries become louder. She was about to collapse.
"Ahhh … Luo Zheng, it's going to drag me out! Save me … "
No matter how much Ling Shuang screamed, Luo Zheng acted as if he didn't hear her.
But his hands were still tightly holding Ling Shuang, not loosening at all. The two of them were stuck in this depression, not being dragged out by the Eye Demon of Fear.
"This Eye Demon of Fear isn't strong?" Luo Zheng thought in the depths of his heart.
Just now, Di Qing and the others had probably not been killed by the Eye Demon of Fear. They should have been controlled by fear and lost the ability to resist.
Just like Ling Shuang …
The difference was that Ling Shuang was being held by him, so she wouldn't be pulled into the Soul Merging Origin Light.
"If that's the case …"
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and gently raised his hand.
His fingers gradually changed shape, turning into sharp spikes and fiercely stabbing forward.
During this process, Luo Zheng also controlled the distance, not letting his fingertips protrude out of the depression.
If his fingers didn't stab and were contaminated by the Soul Merging Origin Light, it would be troublesome. That thing would be unable to escape.
Luo Zheng's fingertips stabbed several times in a row, but they didn't hit. At the same time, he felt that Ling Shuang was being dragged more forcefully. This Eye Demon of Fear was obviously anxious.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly, and the spikes formed by his fingers stabbed out densely.
After stabbing hundreds of times, one of the spikes accurately pierced into one of the eyeballs.
"Sizzle —"

Chapter 2725
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Puppet
Ling Shuang's fear gradually dissipated.
But she still hugged Luo Zheng tightly, and it took her a while to calm down.
After seeing those eyes, she seemed to have lost her mind and couldn't control herself.
"Did … did that thing leave?" Ling Shuang asked.
"Not yet," Luo Zheng said.
There was still the sound of something scratching on the wall outside.
"Da da da …"
Just now, when Luo Zheng was stabbing with his eyes closed, he should have blinded one of the eyes of the Eye Demon of Fear to drive it away.
The sound of something scratching the wall moved from the top to the right, and then to the left. It seemed that the Fear Eye Demon didn't intend to give up.
Hearing this sound, Ling Shuang was once again at a loss.
She definitely didn't want to experience that kind of fear again.
Luo Zheng lowered his head and pondered. Although he wasn't afraid of this thing, how to kill it was a big problem.
"What kind of Shinto have you cultivated?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Eternal Sword Intent couldn't affect the mind, but there were still some Shinto among the 3,000 Shinto Daos that could control oneself and isolate fear.
For example, the Great Domination Technique could strip one's mind and control oneself like a puppet.
"Me? I cultivate the Five Elements Shinto Dao … "Ling Shuang didn't know why Luo Zheng asked this.
Most people in the Mother World cultivated the Five Elements Shinto Dao, which was the fastest and most convenient way.
"That thing just now wasn't scary, but it could change your mind and make you fall into despair and fear. If you can control your fear, you can," Luo Zheng said.
"But how can I control it?" Hearing the sound of something approaching, Ling Shuang couldn't help but shrink her body.
Even if she closed her eyes, if she couldn't seal her mind, she would still fall into the Fear Eye Demon's control.
"It's coming again …"
This time, a little bit of black liquid overflowed from the two sides of the wall.
When Luo Zheng saw the liquid, he closed his eyes and sealed his Divine Sense, entering the Emotion Severing state.
Ling Shuang was the same as before. She had no way to deal with it. As the liquid turned into eyeballs, she fell into despair again.
"Little Soul Arrow!"
Since he couldn't see the target, Luo Zheng simply shot Little Soul Arrows forward.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
The opening of the depression was very small, and under such a barrage of bullets, it was bound to be hit.
However, despite the continuous barrage of soul arrows, none of them hit their target!
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, he heard Ling Shuang scream, "They … are coming … above … below … everywhere …"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. He had forgotten that the Eye Demon of Fear was a puddle of black liquid. It did not need to condense into a shape. It only needed to spread along the wall to become an eye.
Right at this moment, with a thought in his heart, an unquestionable aura emanated from his soul.
Most Divine Daos used True Essence and the momentum of the inner world, but some Divine Daos could affect the soul, or the use of energy at the soul level.
On this point, both the Great Ruling Art and the Emotion Severing Divine Dao were the same.
"Great Ruling Art!"
Luo Zheng's soul exuded an unquestionable majesty.
Under this pressure, it was actually directed at Ling Shuang!
Normally, Ling Shuang's Yang Soul wasn't much weaker than Luo Zheng's, and the Great Ruling Technique wouldn't have had any effect. But now, she was seized by fear, and had no ability to resist.
In a moment …
Ling Shuang had stopped screaming and crying.
She was like a puppet, staring blankly in front of her.
Luo Zheng carefully pulled Ling Shuang to prevent her from being dragged out. At the same time, he was looking for a way to activate the Sorcerer's Necklace in the depths of her soul.
A person's memories were very messy, not to mention that Luo Zheng had cultivated the Great Ruling Art. But he had not used it much, so he was not familiar with it.
Just as Luo Zheng was flipping through her memories, he saw a door, a sealed door.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng was quite puzzled.
Why was there such a thing in Ling Shuang's memories?
When Luo Zheng wanted to touch this door, a strong repulsive force came from the door.
Now was not the time to think about this door …
After a while, he finally found some memories related to the Sorcerer's Necklace …
… …
The strands of black liquid were like silk threads, binding Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng's bodies. Small eyeballs were attached to their shoulders, heads, and other body parts.
It seemed that this Fearful Eye Demon would not give up until it got the two of them out.
Just as it was strenuous, Ling Shuang's unconscious body suddenly moved.
She placed her hands on her chest and gently touched the Sorcerer's Necklace …
"Weng —"
A dark blue light flickered, filling every corner of this depression.
The black eyeballs became abnormally fragile under this light, and cracks quickly appeared on the surface of the eyeballs. Then, with a "pop" sound, they fought to be the first to explode.
Even the black liquid started to boil, and in the blink of an eye, it evaporated completely.
"Success …"
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked at the black marks on the wall, revealing a smile.
However, Ling Shuang still had no reaction, sitting in his arms without moving. Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before he reacted. Ling Shuang was still under the influence of the Great Ruling Art, and was still his puppet.
After Luo Zheng released her, Ling Shuang slowly woke up. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng, completely unaware of what had happened.
"I just used the Great Ruling Art." Luo Zheng pointed at the black marks on the wall. "That thing was destroyed by your necklace …"
Even though Luo Zheng knew that the necklace on Ling Shuang's chest was not simple, the power of the Sorcerer's Necklace still exceeded his expectations.
"That thing was really destroyed?" Ling Shuang finally calmed down after seeing the black marks. However, when Luo Zheng mentioned the Great Ruling Art, she was slightly stunned. "Then, didn't you just …"
Since Luo Zheng used the Sorcerer's Necklace, he must have entered deep into her memories. Many of her thoughts were probably seen by Luo Zheng. For a woman, this was indeed a subtle and awkward feeling.
"I was just looking for how to use the Sorcerer's Necklace," Luo Zheng said seriously. Of course, he did not mention the sealed door.
Luo Zheng also had many secrets, and similarly, it was taboo for others to pry into them.
"Oh …" Ling Shuang calmed down a little.
Luo Zheng had no choice in the situation just now. After all, she could not face those eyeballs at all.
"But it's still a little strange." Luo Zheng looked at the black marks and said, "These things are spreading on the wall like flowing water, but the sound of them sliding across the wall was not like that. Other than these eyeballs, there should be something else outside."
Luo Zheng did not tell Ling Shuang that these things were called Eye Demons of Fear, lest he had to explain where he knew about them.
"There's something else outside?" Ling Shuang asked nervously.
"But that thing should not be able to move. At least, it hasn't moved for a long time now." Luo Zheng judged in a relaxed manner.

Chapter 2726
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Secret of the Temple
The Soul-melting Essence lasted for more than two hours before it gradually dissipated.
The entire temple was still very quiet …
"Let's go out," Luo Zheng said.
"But …" Ling Shuang felt a lingering fear when she thought of the black eyeball.
"Don't worry. That thing itself isn't powerful. It can kill people because of the Soul-melting Essence. Even if it doesn't die, it's not scary," Luo Zheng said.
If the Eye Demon was really powerful, they wouldn't be able to fight back while hiding in the depression.
Luo Zheng walked out of the depression first. Ling Shuang cautiously poked her head out and looked around.
There was a black mark on the wall. Luo Zheng followed the mark.
On the balcony on the other side of the thirteenth floor, there was a pale gold object.
Luo Zheng flipped around the corridor and jumped to the other side. When he reached the balcony, his pupils shrank. "A spider?"
Ling Shuang followed him. When she saw the object, her face lit up. "It's the Sky Weaver Spider! I understand now. The Sky Weaver Spider on the second floor must have been left behind by this thing! "
Ling Shuang had seen and heard of the Sky Weaver Spider before, so she could recognize it at a glance.
"Could it be that the thing that attacked us was the Sky Weaver Spider?" Ling Shuang asked.
"But the Sky Weaver Spider is already dead." Luo Zheng reached out and fiddled with it. The Sky Weaver Spider lay motionless on the ground. "What happened just now wasn't that simple …"
He flipped the Sky Weaver Spider over and examined it. There was a small hole between its head and abdomen. There were some faint black marks around the hole.
Just as Luo Zheng extended his hand towards the small hole, the dead spider suddenly retracted its claws, flipped over, and began to climb rapidly along the wall.
Clatter clatter clatter …
The sound of the Sky Weaver Spider climbing up the wall was exactly the same as before!
Ling Shuang shrank back in fright. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed sharply. He reached out and flicked his finger. A small soul arrow shot out.
"Crack!"
The soul arrow instantly nailed the Heavenweaver Spider to the wall.
Then, his hand slowly changed shape into a sharp knife. He peeled the Heavenweaver Spider off the wall and cut along its central axis from its head all the way to its abdomen.
"Zi …"
Black balls the size of pellets gushed out from the incisions.
"Ah! Again! " Seeing these little black balls, Ling Shuang's face changed again. It seemed like this encounter in the temple was something she would remember for the rest of her life.
"Zi …"
Those pellet-sized balls cracked open, revealing extremely small eyes.
These small eyes could also evoke fear, but they were much weaker than before. Luo Zheng didn't even need to close his eyes to resist.
"These are the offspring of those things. They haven't grown up yet, so they aren't dangerous …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he stretched out his finger and pointed at those small eyes. With one finger, the small eyes exploded and turned into a pool of black liquid.
There were still quite a few small eyes that came out of the Heavenweaver Spider's body, and even more of them surged in a certain direction along the wall.
These descendants of the Fear of Eye Demons would be a disaster if left alive, so Luo Zheng naturally didn't intend to let them go.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had killed a large number of them.
However, another group of descendants of the Fear of Eye Demons moved along the wall to the back of the largest statue.
"What's behind that statue?"
Luo Zheng followed, flipping over the huge statue in one fell swoop. When he saw what was behind it, he was slightly taken aback.
Behind this statue, there were three small pillars. And on these pillars, there were three spheres enshrined. The first two spheres were demonic red glazed eyeballs, and the last one was a pure white sphere!
Seeing that the small eyes were about to drill into the glazed eyeballs, Luo Zheng made a move and wiped them all out, not leaving a single one behind.
"What's behind the statue …"
Ling Shuang followed him. When she saw the white ball, her body suddenly stiffened.
"The soul aura in this white ball is very strong," Luo Zheng said.
"This should be a soul crystal! What a huge soul crystal! From the looks of it … I'm afraid that countless people died in the Sunflower Temple, and the Sun Souls that were melted by the Soul Melting Light were all concentrated in this ball, "Ling Shuang said after thinking for a while.
"Does this soul crystal have the same effect as a Soul Pill?" Luo Zheng stared at the white ball and asked.
The aura he felt from this white ball was very similar to a Soul Pill. At a glance, it looked like a large Soul Pill.
If this thing had the same effect as a Soul Pill, then its value in Luo Zheng's heart was greatly reduced. Soul Pills could be traded, and they could also be bought with Divine Crystals.
"No …" Ling Shuang shook her head, her entire body becoming excited. "A Soul Pill can only restore the power of the soul and temporarily strengthen the Sun Soul, but a soul crystal can increase the upper limit of the Sun Soul. It can make our Sun Soul even stronger!"
When she said this, Luo Zheng's gaze became sharp.
When one's soul was weak, there were still many methods to strengthen it, but after stepping into the Sun Soul, it became difficult to cultivate the Sun Soul. Other than tempering himself in the Sea of True Intent, he didn't find any other methods to strengthen it.
If he could absorb this soul crystal, it might be able to bring his Sun Soul to a higher level!
"Since soul crystals are so useful, don't other creatures refine them?" Luo Zheng asked.
Some experts could kill other Sun Souls and refine them for their own use. For some ambitious existences, wouldn't it be easy to increase the power of their Sun Soul?
"Someone once did this, but later he went crazy." Ling Shuang shrugged her slender shoulders. "Other than the Soul Melting Light, it's very difficult to purify the Sun Soul with other methods. Forcibly absorbing the Sun Soul of another person will only result in the fusion of countless memories. If the memories of hundreds of people are mixed together, the final result can be imagined …"
"Understood." Luo Zheng nodded.
Although he had figured out the white ball of light, what were those two demonic red glazed eyeballs?
Even the knowledgeable Ling Shuang didn't know, let alone Luo Zheng. In the end, Luo Zheng could only ask 9527.
9527 smiled faintly and said, "Can't you see? It's all because of your good luck that you were able to survive this time. "
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This is not a Sky Sunflower Temple at all. It's just a name that you humans made up. This temple originally belonged to the Eye Demons of Fear. That's why there are so many statues of Eye Demons on the walls …" 9527 said, "However, the temple has been ruined for so many years. The Eye Demons of Fear should have died out long ago. Perhaps some of the Eye Demons of Fear came back to life and controlled a Sky Weaver Spider that broke in. They then used the Spirit Melting Essence Light in the temple to harvest the Yang Soul so that they could reproduce rapidly and cultivate their offspring …"
The soul crystal was the "food" that the Eye Demons of Fear had painstakingly accumulated. If Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang hadn't come, this race would probably have revived after recuperating!

Chapter 2727
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Demon Eye
Although 9527 had answered most of the questions in Luo Zheng's mind, he was still confused.
"Did the Eye Demon of Fear appear in the Chaos before?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You could say that. The Eye Demon was once a big clan," 9527 answered.
"Then all the clans in the Chaos can build temples on the Paramita? Are they also considered creatures of a higher level? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"The creatures that you have defined as beyond your level … Hehehe," 9527 started to keep them in suspense again. "Strictly speaking, among the Eye Demons of Fear, only that Demon Eye is qualified as a creature beyond its level. The ones that you have encountered are merely its disciples and grand-disciples, and they are extremely weak. If it is a fully matured Eye Demon, you will not be its opponent."
At this moment, Ling Shuang said, "Luo Zheng, why are you in a daze?"
Ling Shuang naturally did not know that Luo Zheng was communicating with 9527.
After coming back to his senses, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang discussed how to absorb the soul crystal.
They still had a long way to go in the Paramita. No one would give up the opportunity to strengthen their soul.
The two of them sat on one side, formed their consciousness, and went into the soul crystal.
The feeling of absorbing the soul crystal was similar to fusing with a soul. To some extent, they were devouring the Sun Soul of another group of people! It was just that these Sun Souls had been purified beforehand …
As the two of them kept absorbing, the white ball shrank at a visible speed.
At the same time, the auras emitted by the two Sun Souls were also visibly increasing at an explosive speed!
Half an hour later …
Ling Shuang had already retracted her consciousness. At this moment, the soul crystal had shrunk by half.
She and Luo Zheng discovered the soul crystal together, so they naturally had the right to share it. But Ling Shuang considered that she had other opportunities, so she gave up on absorbing the soul crystal. She just watched Luo Zheng quietly absorb the remaining half.
Half an hour later, Luo Zheng absorbed the last bit of the soul crystal.
When he opened his eyes, he felt a surge of energy!
"This Soul Crystal is indeed miraculous …"
Luo Zheng had painstakingly tempered himself in the Sea of True Intent for several months, and his soul force had only increased by two levels. But after absorbing this soul crystal, he felt that his soul force had increased by three times!
"Of course!" Ling Shuang smiled and said, "You can be considered to have directly merged with the Sun Souls of hundreds of people …"
When the Sun Soul was crystallized by the Soul Fusing Origin Light, there would definitely be an extremely great loss. Ling Shuang's words were naturally exaggerated, but the effect it brought was obvious.
After absorbing the huge Soul Crystal, the two of them looked at the demonic red glazed eyeball.
"I wonder if this thing can be fused into the Nirvana Token?" Luo Zheng did not forget that his purpose of entering the temple was to find the Nirvana Token.
The two glazed eyeballs in front of him also contained extraordinary energy.
Ling Shuang tilted her head and looked at it. Even with Ling Shuang's vast knowledge, she had no idea what it was. "No matter what it is, we can try to fuse it. As long as it's not a living thing, it shouldn't resist …"
"A living thing …" Luo Zheng thought of the dead Sky Weaver Spider.
This Sky Weaver Spider should have been dead for a long time, and had always been used as a puppet by the Fearful Eye Demon. "Can the dead Sky Weaver Spider be used as the Nirvana Token?"
"Yes and no. Anything in the Nirvana Realm can be fused, but fusing with a dead thing doesn't have much meaning. It's better to fuse with the Sky Weaver Silk that it spits out!" Ling Shuang replied.
Now that they had these two glazed eyeballs, the Sky Weaver Silk was naturally not a consideration.
Luo Zheng walked in front of the glazed eyeballs and reached out to touch them for a while before saying, "I … still don't know how to fuse with the Nirvana Token …"
Ling Shuang laughed out loud.
She had always felt that Luo Zheng was an anomaly. He knew things that he shouldn't know, but he didn't know anything that everyone knew.
"I'll teach you. Fusing with the Nirvana Token isn't too difficult, especially when it's a dead thing like this. It won't resist you, and you also need to use the True Intent of Dao when fusing with it …"
As Ling Shuang spoke, she held up the Nirvana Token.
Strands of the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent emerged from her body. The aura of the True Intent lingered on the surface of the glazed eyeballs. Just when she wanted to fuse it into her Sun Soul, a repelling force appeared.
She couldn't fuse with the glazed eyeballs!
"Eh?" Ling Shuang cried out strangely.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This Nirvana Token doesn't match with the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent …" Ling Shuang pouted.
"Repelling? The Nirvana Token will choose the True Intent of Dao? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Ling Shuang exhaled and said, "It's very rare. I heard that only some very powerful Nirvana Tokens would have such a thing happen. I didn't expect it to happen with the glazed eyeballs!"
Such a situation showed that the glazed eyeballs were extraordinary. Ling Shuang was naturally very regretful that she couldn't fuse with them.
"Let me try!"
Luo Zheng followed suit and followed Ling Shuang's method to activate the Sword Fate Eternal True Intent.
The situation was exactly the same. When Luo Zheng tried to fuse it into his body, his Sun Soul and the glazed eyeballs repelled each other.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment. The aura emitted by his Sun Soul changed again. The aura of the Dao technique's True Intent of Nature was released again.
This time, the glazed eyeballs naturally fused into Luo Zheng's body.
"It's perfectly compatible with the Dao technique's True Intent of Nature!" Ling Shuang exclaimed.
This was also the benefit of cultivating two types of True Intent of Dao. Since it repelled one type of True Intent of Dao, it could be changed to another type of True Intent of Dao.
It was just that everyone's compatibility with each type of True Intent of Dao was different. Once they chose one, very few people would change their tune.
When Luo Zheng fused the glazed eyeballs into his body, he felt that there was something extra in his soul. At the same time, he could clearly sense its existence.
As Luo Zheng groped around, the glazed eyeballs slowly rose in his Sun Soul and moved to his eye.
Ling Shuang saw that on Luo Zheng's blurry face, a scarlet glow suddenly flashed!
Just by looking at each other, Ling Shuang let out a scream and kept retreating. She was extremely frightened.
Luo Zheng also closed his eyes. That demonic red glow also disappeared.
"Sorry …"
Luo Zheng was just trying it out. He didn't expect Ling Shuang to have such a big reaction.
The glazed eyeballs' ability was the same as those Eye Demons of Fear. This kind of method could be used to great effect at crucial moments.
Ling Shuang didn't mind. She said, "This ability to disturb one's mind … is very rare among the Nirvana Realm Tokens of the First Heaven. I just don't know how much Divine Power this demonic eye can unleash."

Chapter 2728
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Awakening
Ling Shuang was a little resentful.
In the beginning, Ling Shuang did not take the Sky Sunflower Temple seriously. For someone of her status, the first two levels of heaven were just a transition.
The Nirvana Realm tokens found in the first and second levels of heaven were not much. This was only the entry stage of the Nirvana Realm. Most people would simply integrate a Nirvana Realm token here and start to advance.
However, there were exceptions to everything. For example, the Sky Weaver Silk and the Sky Weaver Spider existed in the third level of heaven. They rarely appeared in the first and second levels of heaven.
The exception this time was even more ridiculous. The dilapidated temple actually hid such a murderous intent. There were even two glazed eyeballs. Ling Shuang could not estimate which level of heaven the Nirvana Realm token belonged to.
The most unfortunate thing was that she could not integrate it. Naturally, she felt regretful.
"Since you can't integrate this Demon Eye, you should keep it," Luo Zheng said.
Ling Shuang shook her head. "It's useless even if you give it to me. You can sell it. It should be able to exchange for a lot of Soul Elixirs. I'll go and integrate the Sky Weaver Silk …"
The Sky Weaver Silk was very suitable for the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning.
The Taiyi Sword Technique that Ling Shuang cultivated was divided into three sects. One of them was the Coiling Sect. After integrating the Sky Weaver Silk, she could maximize the power of the Coiling Sect. The two were quite compatible.
"How can that be? Since we're going into the Sky Sunflower Temple together, we'll split the things we find equally. Even if you can't integrate it, you should keep it," Luo Zheng said seriously.
However, Ling Shuang still declined. She only smiled and said, "It's a pity that you're also cultivating the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning. If you're cultivating other True Meaning, you can integrate two Nirvana Realm tokens …"
"One person can have two Nirvana Realm tokens?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Ling Shuang nodded. "Not only two. The powerful people in the Sky Palace can even have three or even four Nirvana Realm tokens. For every True Meaning of Dao that they cultivate, they can have one more token …"
Most of the powerful people in the Origin World had more than one Nirvana Realm token. They would usually cultivate the True Meaning of Dao according to their needs.
Everyone had a True Meaning of Dao that was most compatible with them. The Nirvana Realm token that was fused with this True Meaning of Dao would occupy the main position while the other Nirvana Realm tokens would be subsidiary.
"I see … In that case, I can still fuse with another Nirvana Realm Token," said Luo Zheng.
"Of course." Ling Shuang nodded and smiled.
"Since accommodating one more Nirvana Realm Token means one more supernatural power, and even the power of Shenjun will increase exponentially, why do the people of Dragon City only cultivate one True Meaning of Dao?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Ling Shuang blinked her eyes and said, "Not everyone is like you, able to comprehend another True Meaning of Dao in a short period of time. When they truly cultivate to a higher level, they will also choose the second and third True Meaning of Dao."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that he should pick up the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
Back when he received Yuan Chengtian's inheritance in the Land of Dao Battle, Luo Zheng also comprehended the True Meaning of Good and Evil. However, after that, Luo Zheng did not put any effort into this True Meaning of Dao.
Luo Zheng's compatibility with the True Meaning of Good and Evil should not be as good as the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate. However, it should be stronger than the True Meaning of Dao Technique. It should not be too difficult to master it through a comprehensive study.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to go down with Ling Shuang to fuse with the Heaven Weaving Silk, he looked back and saw that there was a small crack on the wall at the top.
This wall was in a straight line with the two glazed eyeballs and the soul crystal.
Just now, when those small black eyeballs moved in this direction, Luo Zheng thought that their target was the two glazed eyeballs. However, the glazed eyeballs could not be hidden. Could it be that there was something hidden in the crack on the wall?
No matter what, Luo Zheng's current Yang Soul Body could not destroy the temple. He could do it again after his physical body crossed the Nirvana Realm.
He always felt that this matter was not as simple as what 9527 said.
Since the Sky Sunflower Temple had been dilapidated for so many years and the Eye Demon of Fear had disappeared for so many years, it was very strange that a few of them suddenly came back to life.
After the two of them stored the Heaven Weaving Spider's body, they returned to the second floor. Ling Shuang used the True Meaning of Dao to store the Heaven Weaving Silk for her own use. Their first trip to the Nirvana Realm came to an end.
After leaving the Sky Sunflower Temple, the two of them left the Nirvana Realm one after another.
When Luo Zheng woke up, the sky was already bright. Most of the people who were cultivating had also stopped.
"Hong Tian, Hong Tian! Wake up! "
Under Yin Yuehuan's flag, there was a person sitting upright. Someone beside him was calling out to him.
After calling out a few words, Hong Tian fell to the ground with a plop. He had actually lost consciousness ….
Seeing this scene, Yin Yuehuan frowned. After she went forward to check, her face darkened. "Hong Tian has been wandering around the nine-dash line. I'm afraid he failed to break through to the Nirvana Realm last night …"
Seeing Hong Tian lying on the ground, Luo Zheng also shook his head slightly. He went forward and said, "The storm that broke through to the Nirvana Realm this time was indeed very strong. There were many casualties …"
After the Sun Soul was swallowed by the Sea of True Meaning, only a soulless body was left.
Every time one tried to break through to the Nirvana Realm, they would walk through the gates of hell. Many people like Hong Tian never woke up again. Whether it was in Dragon City or other places of cultivation, this kind of thing was not uncommon.
After Yin Yuehuan ordered people to move Hong Tian's body away, her eyes focused on Luo Zheng again. "You've passed the Nirvana Realm?"
Luo Zheng had been in Dragon City for less than a year. In the beginning, he was almost different every day. Later on, it was different every month. Now, he had directly broken through to the Nirvana Realm.
Thinking of the years when she was trapped in the nine-dash line, Yin Yuehuan could not help but feel that fate was unfair.
"Last night, I did break through to the Nirvana Realm," Luo Zheng replied.
"Banner Lord has crossed to the Nirvana Realm!"
"Banner Lord has finally reached the Nirvana Realm …"
Qiu Siyuan, Yue Baicheng, and the others also noticed the changes in Luo Zheng.
Actually, in their eyes, reaching the Nirvana Realm was not uncommon. However, Luo Zheng entering the Nirvana Realm still made them look forward to it. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was definitely the most special one.
"You've just reached the Nirvana Realm, and your Sun Soul has actually been reborn?" Yin Yuehuan stared at Luo Zheng and said.
Although Luo Zheng's Soul Power had been growing steadily in the past few months, that kind of growth was normal. As long as he was immersed in the Sea of True Meaning every day, his Sun Soul would grow steadily.
However, Luo Zheng's growth this time was too shocking. Even Yin Yuehuan felt inferior.
This guy had just entered the Nirvana Realm. How did he do it?
"My luck is not bad this time. I found some opportunities in the First Heaven," Luo Zheng replied casually.
"Some opportunities …" Yin Yuehuan pondered over Luo Zheng's words and was suddenly speechless. What kind of opportunities did it take to make the Sun Soul grow so much? Unless it was to devour the Soul Crystal …

Chapter 2729
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Testing Again
Dragon City.
It was particularly lively in front of the trial red rock. Last night, more than ten people broke into the Nirvana Realm outside Dragon City.
After fusing with the Nirvana token for the first time, these people couldn't wait to test their strength.
A long-haired woman stood in front of the red rock.
A small seed appeared on top of the woman's head.
"It's a spirit fire seed …"
"She's lucky. It's hard to find a spirit fire seed!"
"Someone must have helped her and prepared this seed for her!
Envy appeared on everyone's faces.
The woman held a green short sword in her hand.
When she raised the short sword, the spirit fire seed emitted a trace of fire. A little flame also burned on her short sword.
"Go!"
The woman suddenly rushed forward. When she arrived in front of the red rock, she suddenly slashed with the short sword.
"Boom!"
Under this slash, all the power was absorbed by the red rock.
After a while, the red rock flashed with light. A strange pattern appeared, and the word "three" appeared in the middle.
This result immediately attracted a burst of cheers.
"It's within my expectations …"
"The spirit fire seed's power can't reach the strength of three Jun. Together with this woman's cultivation, it's almost there."
"For someone who just entered the Nirvana Realm, this is already a very good start."
The woman was obviously very satisfied with her result. She put away the short sword, stepped back, and stood in front of a tall man.
This man was carrying a large flag. Obviously, he was a Banner Lord.
Luo Zheng, who was in the crowd, saw this scene. His thoughts were not on the woman's result.
This woman had just entered the Nirvana Realm. Obviously, she was not a Banner Lord, but she could enter and leave Dragon City freely.
It seemed that the rules of entering and leaving Dragon City were not as strict as he thought.
He didn't know how Su Kuan got in and out without a flag. It seemed that he had to catch him and ask him.
After the woman stepped back, another man stepped forward.
The Nirvana token that this man fused with was the most common celestial stone. It could be seen everywhere on the beach in the Nirvana Realm. It was very common.
Of course, this man's result was also very common.
Even though he used all his strength to attack the red stone, only the word "one" appeared on the red stone. This meant that his strength was below the strength of two Shen Jun …
However, the man was still very satisfied. He had finally set foot on the Nirvana Realm. Fusing with the celestial bluestone was just a transition. If there was a chance in the future, he could change it again.
The following few people's Nirvana Realm tokens were very ordinary. There were celestial blue stones, white angelica grass, and so on. They were all ordinary items. Most of the strength of these people was between one to two Godly Jun.
However, there was a man with a delicate appearance who took out a very unique Nirvana Realm token. It was a shiny crystal chip.
Luo Zheng heard from the surrounding people that this crystal chip was called "Cloud Gathering Crystal". This delicate looking man relied on this "Cloud Gathering Crystal" to erupt with the strength of 4 Jun.
This man should be from a large family in the Center God Province. Just like Su Kuan's family, he had close ties with the Great One Heavenly Palace. Many Banner Masters came forward to congratulate him.
Luo Zheng didn't decide to make a move until almost all the candidates were finished.
In fact, Luo Zheng was not willing to show his skills here. However, there was only one red testing rock in Dragon City. He had no choice.
When Luo Zheng appeared, everyone's eyes were focused on him.
"It's that guy who went against Wang Xiao …"
"Shh! This guy has a strong background. Wang Xiao wouldn't dare to say anything if he offended him. "
"I don't think Wang Xiao will let this go so easily!"
"He crossed the Nirvana Realm very quickly …"
Luo Zheng walked slowly toward the red testing rock. With a light clasp of his finger, the longsword "You Snow" appeared in his hand.
When some Banner Masters who knew their stuff saw the longsword in Luo Zheng's hand, their eyes lit up.
"It's' You Snow 'from the Famed Sword Tower …"
"I can't believe this person bought this sword. He's really rich!"
"…"
The Banner Masters had more or less admired the swords in the Famed Sword Tower. However, Mystique Venerable Grade Taoist Treasures were very expensive. This "You Snow" was a first-rate Mystique Venerable Grade Taoist Treasure. The price of millions of Divine Crystals could only make the Banner Masters retreat. Only the alliance masters would patronize it.
"Hum …"
As Luo Zheng gently exerted force, a cold light flickered on the blade of the sword.
Although this longsword was bought not long ago, Luo Zheng had used it several times in the Sword Training Tower. This sword was very easy to use and had almost no obvious shortcomings. It was superior in all aspects.
Next, Luo Zheng began to try to use the Nirvana Token!
Unlike the others, he did not place the Nirvana Token on top of his head. When the Demonic Eye emitted a red light, Luo Zheng deliberately closed his right eye, completely blocking the red light.
Then, he began to draw out the power in the Nirvana Token …
A surge of power circulated around his body. This power was not as pure as the Nine Stars in his Inner World. This power completely belonged to him.
Although the Nirvana Token also belonged to him, it was still borrowed.
"What a powerful aura!"
"Is this guy really new to the Nirvana Realm?"
"I think his Soul Aura alone is comparable to those in the Second Heaven and the Third Heaven!"
After everyone sensed the aura that Luo Zheng had unleashed, they had a faint look of anticipation. There were also some who were puzzled. Luo Zheng seemed to be unwilling to use his Nirvana Realm Token. So what exactly was his Nirvana Realm Token?
Just as they were looking forward to it, Luo Zheng raised the Snow-covered Sword in his hand and suddenly slammed it towards the red stone …
"Boom!"
When this sword was swung out, the snow-white sword edge actually emitted a trace of red light!
The moment the red light flickered, everyone felt their minds become chaotic. The surrounding crowd actually took a step back uniformly.
"Oh … I didn't control it well …"
When borrowing the power of the Nirvana Token, Luo Zheng was very careful. However, he still made a mistake the first time he used it. The red light from the Demonic Eye was still released.
Just as the crowd was in shock, the result on the red stone slowly revealed itself. There were two big words written there.
"Nineteen."
Seeing this number, Luo Zheng's expression was still calm.
Just now, Luo Zheng did not use his own power, nor did he transform it into Dao Fusion energy.
If he used the "Nine Flash Diffraction Sword" in combination with the "Three Buries Sword" or even the "Six Buries Sword", the final result would probably be far more than what he saw now.
However, what he needed to test was the power of the "Demonic Eye".
Moreover, he did not use all the power of the "Demonic Eye". He only used half of it. Even so, it was enough to make the crowd boil. Everyone had a look of disbelief in their eyes. The result on the red stone was obviously very difficult for them to accept.
However, regardless of whether they could accept it or not, the result was still revealed on the red stone.
"Nineteen Godly Jun Power!"
"This is comparable to the Nirvana Token of the Third Heaven!"

Chapter 2730
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Serious Injury
Everyone's first step into the Nirvana Realm was the First Heaven.
Everything within the First Heaven had already been thoroughly explored by others.
How much strength did the Pure Gold Sand have? How many celestial blue stones were there? If one was lucky, one could even find rare Nirvana tokens such as the Spirit Fire Seed.
However, the power of these Nirvana tokens had a range, which was about one to four Jun of strength.
Generally speaking, the best Nirvana token in the First Heaven belonged to the "Yunluo Crystal" that had just appeared. The Yunluo Crystal was also extremely rare in the First Heaven. Very few people had obtained such a Nirvana token.
Luo Zheng's slash just now had already surpassed the Third Heaven.
In the common sense of these people, it was impossible for such a Nirvana token to exist in the First Heaven. Naturally, they found it hard to understand.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to turn and leave, the handsome man stopped in front of Luo Zheng. "Brother, you've also just entered the Nirvana Realm. I wonder what kind of token you obtained in the Nirvana Realm?"
The Nirvana token was an unspeakable secret to many people. Unless the person offered it voluntarily, ordinary people would not take the initiative to ask.
Just like Yin Yuehuan who discovered Luo Zheng had entered the Nirvana Realm, she did not ask about the Nirvana token.
"It's not convenient for me to answer this question, right?" Luo Zheng smiled and looked at him.
The handsome man was slightly stunned, then smiled and said, "I'm sorry for being rude. I'm Chu Nan from the West Sleeping Lake. If you're willing, we can travel to the Nirvana Realm together."
The Chu family of the West Sleeping Lake was famous. Chu Nan thought that Luo Zheng would have some reaction when he heard it. Who knew that Luo Zheng just smiled faintly and said, "If there's a chance, of course there's a chance."
After saying this, Luo Zheng swaggered off.
The words "if there's a chance" were just perfunctory words. Naturally, Chu Nan knew that very well. It was rare to see someone who did not give face to the Chu family. Such a person either had a huge background or was a hothead.
Looking at Luo Zheng's back, Chu Nan's face turned cold.
Before testing the Red Rock, Luo Zheng had only spent half a day. Then, he went to the Sword Pagoda.
After entering the sword training room, Taruo Zheng asked Wen Si.
Is there a quiet place where I can cultivate in it?
The Sword Training Pagoda was also a place for cultivation, but it was mainly used to hone one's sword canon divine arts. What Luo Zheng needed was a quiet cultivation room to cultivate his One Thought of Good and Evil true intent.
It wasn't easy to find such a place in the Dragon City. The silver longswords that constantly descended outside the Dragon City would affect one's mind. It was a good place to cultivate the Eternal Sword Intent, but it would affect the cultivation of other True Intents of Dao.
"A secret cultivation room …" Wen Si was also surprised by Luo Zheng's request.
Qifantasy Translation have Qiu Sword Sword. as Fantasy sword have the Sword Was..... it Translation, Translation translation translation Are.. were Antasy Translation was.,,, Translation
After hesitating for a moment, Wen Si agreed to Luo Zheng's request.
Luo Zheng did not know how compatible he was with the True Meaning of Good and Evil, but it should be higher than the Dao of Nature. The difficulty of cultivating it was also not as high as the Dao of Nature, but it could not be compared to the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning.
However, there were no external objects in the secret cultivation room that could help Luo Zheng cultivate. He could only rely on himself to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao, and his speed was not fast enough.
For three consecutive days, he stayed in his room and recited the True Meaning of Good and Evil over and over again.
The unique aura of the True Meaning of Good and Evil appeared alternately, which also affected Luo Zheng's own aura. Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng put his palms together, as if a Holy Buddha had appeared to save all living beings from torment. The next moment, his mouth sank, and his eyebrows were filled with evil thoughts, as if an evil spirit had been reborn.
The two images alternated back and forth.
Three days later, Luo Zheng left the Sword Training Pagoda.
Wen Si felt the remnant aura of the True Meaning in Luo Zheng's body, and also had a look of surprise.
This kid had been cultivating in his room all these days, just to expand the second True Meaning of Dao?
It was also because Wen Si was slow. If it were someone stronger, they would be able to see at a glance that Luo Zheng wanted to expand the third True Meaning of Dao.
Back outside Dragon City.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the market when he felt that the atmosphere in the market was a little strange.
When he found Lai Huabei, Yue Baihao, and the rest, he smelled a strong smell of blood.
"Yue Baicheng! Qiu Siyuan! "
Luo Zheng saw the two lying on the ground, blood constantly seeping out of their bodies.
Qiu Siyuan had lost an arm and a leg, and Yue Baicheng had lost half of his body. It was a tragic sight.
"Banner Lord!"
"Banner Lord is back!"
When the disciples saw Luo Zheng appear, it was as if they had met their savior.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He walked forward and extended his hand, releasing his Divine Sense.
The two's souls weren't injured. They had only fainted, and their Inner Worlds weren't shattered.
Luo Zheng relaxed a little, and his face darkened. He asked coldly, "Who did this?"
"It should be Situ Xiu's people," Su Kuan replied.
"Why didn't you stop them?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan's face showed helplessness. "Big Brother, I'm not their match, and I'm also injured …"
In the past few months, Su Kuan had become part of Luo Zheng's group. He was in charge of helping Luo Zheng recruit new people to join his group, and at the same time, he helped his people buy necessities in the city.
When Luo Zheng entered Dragon City, Su Kuan secretly became another Banner Lord, helping Luo Zheng take care of most things.
Now that something like this had happened, Luo Zheng naturally had to blame Su Kuan.
Luo Zheng glared at Su Kuan, then took out two pills from his Sumeru Ring and stuffed them into the two's mouths.
Sizzling sounds came from Yue Baicheng and Qiu Siyuan's wounds. The wounds seemed to come alive, and they quickly healed. Their broken limbs also quickly grew back …
"What's the matter? Tell me," Luo Zheng said.
Su Kuancai told him the whole story from beginning to end.
Every year, between winter and spring, Dragon City would recruit new people. There would be many people trying to climb over the Sword Wall, and the demand for Sword Comprehension Fluid would explode.
In the past, the price of Sword Comprehension Fluid would explosively increase by 30%, or even more.
But this year, not only did the price of Sword Comprehension Fluid not go up, it actually went down. It only cost 10,000 Divine Crystals a bottle.
It turned out that the group of people who sold the Sword Comprehension Liquid had investigated and finally discovered the secret behind it. It turned out that there was another shop selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid outside Dragon City!
How could those people tolerate this? Thus, they aggressively came to kill their way to the door.
Yue Baicheng and Qiu Siyuan bought Heavenly Pure Fluid from the market, and sold Sword Comprehension Fluid at the same time.
Even though Yue Baicheng didn't dare to show off, they were still easily found.
Facing the sudden attack of several Banner Lords, how could the two of them resist?

Chapter 2731
Revenge
"The most important thing is that the other party destroyed more than forty bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid …"
Su Kuan revealed a pained expression.
One bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid was worth fifteen thousand God crystals. Forty bottles were worth more than six hundred thousand God crystals!
Luo Zheng didn't care about the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
As long as he could buy the Heavenly Pure Liquid, he could make as much as he wanted.
However, Yue Baicheng and Qiu Siyuan were beaten half to death. Luo Zheng couldn't take this lying down.
"Who is Situ Xiu?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
Su Kuan was about to answer when a voice came from behind him. "It's an alliance master of Dragon City."
It was Yin Yuehuan.
When she heard that something had happened to Luo Zheng, she hurriedly rushed over.
While answering Luo Zheng, she used her divine sense to scan Yue Baicheng and Qiu Siyuan. After finding that they were fine, she relaxed.
"Alliance master …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed coldly.
"Luo Zheng, I think we should forget about it. Situ Xiu's background isn't simple. It's better not to provoke him," Yin Yuehuan advised.
Yin Yuehuan wouldn't advise Luo Zheng like this if he was just an alliance master.
Although Luo Zheng's background was only the tip of the iceberg, Yin Yuehuan knew that there weren't many people in Dragon City who could overshadow Luo Zheng …
Although Situ Xiu was the alliance master, he didn't have the ability to make Sword Comprehension Liquid.
His Sword Comprehension Liquid was transported down from the upper levels of the Heavenly Palace. In other words, Situ Xiu was the agent who produced the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
What kind of person could produce the Sword Comprehension Liquid? Someone who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought!
Such a person had either become an expert who ruled over a region or had a limitless future. It was unwise to provoke such a person.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng sneered. He looked at Su Kuan and said, "Where are they selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid? Take me there! "
All the Sword Comprehension Liquid was distributed by the people of this market and transported outside the city walls. Situ Xiu was no exception.
"Banner Lord … You can't really be planning to …" Su Kuan stammered.
"Take me there!" Luo Zheng's tone contained unquestionable majesty.
Since the disciples of the academy were following Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng had become their Banner Lord, he would not turn a blind eye to this!
In the beginning, Su Kuan had also used his identity as Situ Xiu to warn the students not to be too angry, as this would only make things difficult for Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Lai Huabei, Yue Baihao, Qiu Yi and the others suppressed the anger in their hearts.
They were also afraid that after Luo Zheng stood up for them, they would suffer the other party's revenge. After all, this was their territory, and Luo Zheng's foundation was too shallow.
Now that Luo Zheng had made up his mind, they were all fired up!
"I'll bring Banner Lord there!"
"Brother Luo Zheng! Let's go! I know where they are! "
"…"
Seeing the students crowding Luo Zheng into the market, Yin Yuehuan gritted her teeth. "Looks like something's going to happen today …"
Su Kuan shrugged. "It's about the same as what I guessed. Banner Lord Yin, can you bring Master Tong here?"
The Master Tong he was referring to was Tong Shou, one of the three Alliance Masters of Dragon City! Yin Yuehuan had been following Tong Shou all this time, which was how she had achieved her current status.
"Even if Master Tong appears, Situ Xiu won't buy it …" Yin Yuehuan shook her head.
Situ Xiu relied on his background and was considered an anomaly in Dragon City. Even the Alliance Masters who were far more powerful than him did not dare to provoke him. Even Tong Shou's appearance could not solve the problem.
"Let's go take a look." Su Kuan shrugged.
Therefore, the two of them followed.
The large group of people aggressively passed through the market, attracting countless onlookers.
However, when they saw the cultivation level of these people clearly, they all looked at them with disdain.
"They seem to be the ones selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid …"
"They stole Situ Xiu's business and were taught a lesson today. Haha, selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid here is like plucking the fur from a tiger's butt."
"Look at them, are they going to take revenge?"
"The kid in the lead is the Banner Lord. He just entered the Nirvana Realm. With this little strength, he wants to take revenge on Situ Xiu's people? Are they looking for death? "
Cultivating in Dragon City was a very boring thing. The people in the market were also here to watch the show. Some of them even closed their stalls and followed.
After passing through two streets, Lai Huabei pointed not far away. "It's over there …"
Situ Xiu's shop in the market was very big. It took up almost half of the market.
Many people bought the Sword Comprehension Liquid here and brought it outside the sword wall to sell. However, Situ Xiu kept the price of the Sword Comprehension Liquid at 20,000 Divine Crystals. He did not give a single cent, so the profits of the sellers were very thin.
Ever since Luo Zheng started producing and selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid, his business had become much quieter. After all, there was a huge difference in the price of Luo Zheng's Sword Comprehension Liquid.
Many well-informed people turned to Luo Zheng to buy the Sword Comprehension Liquid. These people's interests were the same as Luo Zheng's. Naturally, they kept this matter under wraps.
Therefore, Situ Xiu only found out after Luo Zheng's Sword Comprehension Liquid was sold for a few months.
Luo Zheng stood in front of the shop and glanced indifferently.
As the Alliance Lord, Situ Xiu naturally would not manage the shop himself. He sent three Banner Lords to help him manage it. One of the Banner Lords leaned lazily at the back.
This Banner Lord saw Luo Zheng's group from afar. Naturally, he knew where they came from.
Today, he and the other two Banner Lords had only taught this group a little lesson. Lord Situ Xiu had instructed them not to kill anyone. Otherwise, they would not have been spared.
This Banner Lord was curious. This group of people actually dared to come here?
What were they doing here? Begging for mercy?
"He he, you guys …" The Banner Lord had just opened his mouth when Luo Zheng suddenly attacked.
Boom! Boom!
The 20-meter-long shop collapsed from left to right under the attack of a huge force, turning into a pile of rubble.
The scattered items in the shop were not cheap. On the right side of the shop were hundreds of bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid! These bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid were shining white divine crystals!
Situ Xiu did not have Luo Zheng's ability to create Sword Comprehension Liquid. He had to pay the same amount of divine crystals for every bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid he obtained.
This time, he had lost millions of divine crystals!
The Banner Lord, who was standing in the middle of the rubble, immediately turned pale. He had not expected Luo Zheng to be so daring as to attack!
Furthermore, he was not afraid of Luo Zheng. He was afraid of Alliance Lord Situ's anger!
"Kid, you can't blame anyone else if you want to die!" the Banner Lord said through gritted teeth. He looked like he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive.
Luo Zheng ignored him. Instead, he turned around and asked, "Did this person make a move today?"
Lai Huabei, who was standing behind him, nodded.
Luo Zheng turned around, the Snow Sword in his hand. At the same time, he said coldly, "You only did one thing right today. You will rejoice for the rest of your life!"

Chapter 2732
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Worry
While this Banner Master was still pondering over the meaning of Luo Zheng's words, the bright white sword ray was already flying towards him.
Feeling the power of the sword gleam, the flesh on his face trembled slightly. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he turned around and suddenly thrust out the long sword in his hand.
After all, he was at the second level of the Nirvana Realm and had been training in Dragon City for a long time. Being able to become Situ Xiu's trusted target meant that he had some skills.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …"
"Dragon Snake Dance!"
The long sword in the Banner Lord's hand was like a dragon or a snake. It constantly danced around his body and protected him tightly. It actually completely canceled out Luo Zheng's scattered sword gleams!
However, the Banner Lord's face was solemn. He had used all his strength from the beginning, but the power of his opponent's seemingly scattered sword gleams was shocking.
Every time he received a sword gleam, his arm would tremble.
This guy had only just entered the first level of the Nirvana Realm. How could he have such power?
"Can you block it?"
A cold light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. The scattered sword gleams all rushed toward the Banner Lord.
The Banner Lord had been holding on bitterly and had already reached his limit. How could he block the snowflakes that filled the sky?
"Clang!"
With a crisp sound, the long sword in his hand broke.
"Puff, puff!"
The white sword gleams sank into his body and made two muffled sounds. An arm and a leg were peeled off from his body in an unnatural manner.
A Banner Lord who had stepped into the second level of the Nirvana Realm could not last more than two rounds against Luo Zheng.
Lying on the ground, the Banner Lord was completely disheartened. He thought that his life would end here. He did not expect Luo Zheng to just look at him coldly and walk past his body.
"He let me go?" The Banner Lord's face was full of surprise.
Only then did the Banner Lord remember what Luo Zheng had just said.
He had indeed not killed those two people today. This Luo Zheng had also spared his life and only cut off an arm and a leg.
Thinking of this, he felt a sense of relief in his heart …
"How dare you!"
"How dare you destroy our Master Situ's shop. Brat, you're courting death!"
On another street of the market, two Banner Masters were roaring.
Seeing that the entire shop had been destroyed by Luo Zheng, the two Banner Masters were both shocked and furious. They drew their swords and charged at Luo Zheng!
Facing the two Banner Masters, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all.
The white light on the snowy longsword flashed slightly, and the originally chaotic sword light had an obvious change. Just now, it was slow and scattered, but now it was fast and converging!
It was so fast that everyone only saw a flash of white light before their eyes.
"Pu!"
"Pu!"
Boom!
"Plop …"
The two Banner Masters who had rushed over to help had already fallen to the ground.
Seeing this scene, Yin Yuehuan's heart skipped a beat.
These three Banner Lords were not weak. Although Yin Yuehuan could take down one of them, it would be difficult for her to gain the upper hand if she fought against three of them alone.
However, in front of Luo Zheng, these three Banner Lords were practically powerless!
This kid had just entered the Nirvana Realm yesterday …
Yin Yuehuan had to admit that some gaps couldn't be made up with time.
Yin Yuehuan also recognized the swordsmanship that Luo Zheng had used. It was the Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Codex. She had seen the power of this sword codex before, and she had accompanied Luo Zheng to buy it. Naturally, she wouldn't be mistaken.
Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated this sword codex for long, but the power of the sword just now might not have been perfected, but it was obviously at the level of great accomplishment!
The onlookers were completely silent.
They had come excitedly just to see how Luo Zheng would resolve this matter.
Seeing that Luo Zheng and his group were aggressive, most of them thought that Luo Zheng would choose to compromise meekly and wouldn't really attack.
The final result was beyond everyone's expectations. Situ Xiu's three capable subordinates had their limbs cut off cleanly and neatly by Luo Zheng. Even the shop was completely destroyed.
Not to mention this young man's strength, just his courage alone was unparalleled!
However, they had seen enough of the commotion, but they couldn't help but worry about Luo Zheng.
How was he going to clean up this mess? How was he going to bear Situ Xiu's anger?
Regardless of whether he could bear it or not, the disciples of the school who followed Luo Zheng had vented their anger!
The Sword Comprehension Liquid wasn't exclusive to their family. Since the Banner Lords could make it, there was no reason for them to not sell it. Moreover, it was too overbearing to injure people when he attacked.
Su Kuan was also shocked. He also understood that what Luo Zheng had said to him in the Sword Training Pagoda wasn't bragging.
However, he was still full of worry.
Situ Xiu alone wasn't enough to make Su Kuan afraid. Su Kuan was afraid of the person behind Situ Xiu.
"Go back and tell your Alliance Leader Situ that if he has any problems, he can just come at me. If he attacks my subordinates again, it won't be so simple next time."
After saying this, Luo Zheng immediately left with Lai Huabei and the others.
At this moment, the originally silent market square came to life …
The three Banner Lords lying on the ground began to groan. They hurriedly called for their subordinates to send medicine over. The voices of others also rose and fell one after another.
…
…
Dragon City, Chengfeng Brothel.
A few women swayed their slender waists. Their voices were sweet like orioles.
A few alliance leaders were having a small gathering in the brothel.
One of the alliance leaders had a small jade token hanging from his waist. This jade token was engraved with the two words "Taiyi". This was the "Taiyi Token" that Tai Yiwei had!
Those who entered Dragon City were all fighting for this small jade token.
"Congratulations, Alliance Leader Liu! You actually entered Tai Yiwei in one examination. Your days in Dragon City are over. Hahaha … "Situ Xiu raised his wine cup and congratulated.
Alliance Leader Liu said modestly: "Tai Yiwei is the real beginning. Guanshan Prefecture is in chaos again. Last month, hundreds of Tai Yiwei died. If someone like me, who had just advanced, rushed up, I would just be cannon fodder. I would lose my life in the blink of an eye …"
Even though Tai Yi Heavenly Palace was extremely prosperous, there was still a lot of pressure to establish a foothold in the Center God Province.
"After I leave, I'll have to trouble you to take care of this old friend of mine!" Alliance Leader Liu pointed to an elder beside him.
This elder was Wang Xiao.
When Alliance Leader Liu left, he would transfer his remaining merits to Wang Xiao. At that time, he would replace Alliance Leader Liu as the new Alliance Leader.
Wang Xiao's usual sinister face changed. He hurriedly toasted the various alliance leaders. "Alliance Leaders, I hope you will help me in the future …"
When it came to Situ Xiu, his tone became even more courteous.
The other alliance leaders could be ignored. However, Situ Xiu's background was not shallow. Wang Xiao naturally had to curry favor with him.
At this moment, a person suddenly rushed up from the brothel. He hurriedly bowed deeply to Situ Xiu.
"What's the matter? Why are you in such a hurry?" Situ Xiu's face darkened.
"Lord Alliance Master, someone smashed up our shop outside Dragon City. They even destroyed over a hundred bottles of Sword Comprehension Liquid …" This person said quickly.
"What? Who did it? "
Situ Xiu held a small wine cup. A sinister chill spread out from his body. The wine in the cup also condensed into ice beads.
Not far away, the women who were good at singing and dancing trembled slightly when they felt the chill.
"This subordinate has asked around. That person is called Luo Zheng!" This person replied.

Chapter 2733
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Get lost!
Situ Xiu stared at Wang Xiao and asked, "You know this kid?"
"Of course!" Wang Xiao's eyes flashed coldly. "He's just a new Banner Lord. When he first came in, he hadn't even reached the Nirvana Realm! That day, he killed people from my Wang Clan under the sword wall! "
"Oh?"
Situ Xiu didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "Logically speaking, such a small ant should've been killed by Banner Lord Wang."
"Lord Situ, there's something you don't know. I was looking for an opportunity to kill him, but that day, that brat was accompanied by a little girl who had an extraordinary status. Even that person from True Intent Sword Garret came to help, and I was even warned by the Dragon City Guards …" Wang Xiao said with a heavy expression.
After that incident, Wang Xiao didn't make a move.
He wasn't afraid of Luo Zheng, but that young lady!
"That young lady's identity is not ordinary …" Situ Xiu didn't express his opinion.
Wang Xiao's heart skipped a beat.
He was afraid of that young lady's background, but Situ Xiu was different.
Situ Xiu had been in Dragon City for many years. He rejected every Tai Yiwei assessment just to help the people in the Heavenly Palace manage the Sword Comprehension Liquid!
Everyone knew very well what kind of person could create the Sword Comprehension Liquid.
Therefore, no matter how powerful the alliance masters were, they all had to lower their stance in front of Situ Xiu. No one in Dragon City dared to provoke him.
Luo Zheng just had to die. Offending this person was the end of his life.
Wang Xiao struck while the iron was hot. "No matter how special that young lady's identity is, she can't be compared to Lord Situ. This Luo Zheng guy is especially despicable …"
Situ Xiu glanced at Wang Xiao. "Wang Xiao, you don't have to provoke me."
These alliance masters were all sly old foxes. Naturally, they could see through Wang Xiao's intention to kill with a borrowed knife.
"Hehe … I'm sorry, Lord Situ. I want to get rid of this kid, but unfortunately, I don't have the ability," Wang Xiao hurriedly said honestly.
Situ Xiu, on the other hand, had an indifferent look on his face. "I'm not in a good mood today. Alliance Head Liu, I can only accompany you up to here. As for that kid called Luo Zheng, I'll have to trouble Wang Xiao to lead the way.
I will take his life before nightfall. "
…
…
In the evening.
The wilderness of Dragon City was filled with people.
The Banner Masters made their preparations before nightfall, choosing suitable places to plant their flags.
Yue Baicheng and Qiu Siyuan had already woken up, and the injuries on their bodies had already healed. However, after hearing that Luo Zheng had already taken revenge for him, Yue Baicheng's face immediately changed.
Yue Baicheng was a very cautious person. When he first started selling the Sword Comprehension Liquid, he knew that it would definitely have a conflict of interest with others. Naturally, he had also secretly inquired about it.
That Situ Xiu was someone Luo Zheng absolutely could not provoke at this stage!
If Yue Baicheng hadn't fainted, he would have definitely tried his best to stop it. He didn't expect that after he woke up, Luo Zheng would have already smashed his shop.
"Banner Master, this time … I was too rash …"
Seeing that Luo Zheng was venting his anger for him, Yue Baicheng was naturally moved. However, provoking an alliance master that he shouldn't have pushed Luo Zheng into the abyss.
Qiu Siyuan, on the other hand, didn't change his bad habits as a hedonistic disciple. "What's there to be reckless about? Banner Master did it for us! Moreover, those guys should have been ruthlessly taught a lesson! "
"What do you know?" Yue Baicheng unhappily retorted.
Seeing Yue Baicheng's distressed appearance, Luo Zheng lightly smiled and said in a sincere tone, "You should properly recuperate. I know these things. Although Qiu Siyuan doesn't use his brain to speak, he's right. There are some things that as long as we make concessions, the other party will press on step by step."
Yue Baicheng was silent. It could be seen that he was still very worried.
Today, it was very lively outside the area where Luo Zheng had planted his flag. Everyone knew that Situ Xiu wouldn't leave the matter at that. Some people already faintly knew what was going to happen tonight.
The setting sun was like blood, outlining the enormous shadow of Dragon City.
A group of more than ten people left Dragon City and flew towards the wilderness.
Wang Xiao was especially happy today. After sending away Alliance Master Liu, he could become a true Alliance Master. The key was that Situ Xiu would help him get rid of Luo Zheng!
Within this range of several hundred li, there were many flag poles densely packed together. Most of the people under these flags were already prepared to cultivate after nightfall. When they saw Situ Xiu and the other alliance masters flying over, most of them revealed curious expressions.
"These Alliance Masters can plant their flags outside Dragon City, why did they run so far away?"
"Didn't you hear what happened during the day?"
"Anyway, someone is going to be unlucky …"
Outside Dragon City wasn't a peaceful place. In any case, the strict rules of Dragon City didn't extend to here. Killing people was too common.
"It's over there." Wang Xiao saw a flag with the word "Luo" written on it in the distance. The corner of his mouth slightly raised as he spoke to Situ Xiu.
Situ Xiu's fat body shuttled through the air and arrived in the sky. He coldly scolded, "Who is Luo Zheng!"
Yin Yuehuan raised her head and saw Situ Xiu. Her heart sank slightly.
This Alliance Master Situ was just like the rumors said. He couldn't tolerate overnight grudges!
She glanced around and saw Alliance Master Tong. With a thought, she stepped forward bravely in front of Luo Zheng.
Yin Yuehuan obtained her current status by following Alliance Master Tong all the way. She wanted Alliance Master Tong to intercede for her. "Alliance Master Tong, I'm afraid this is a misunderstanding. Luo Zheng is also new and doesn't know the rules …"
Alliance Master Tong looked a little embarrassed. He knew that Situ Xiu was furious today. He couldn't quench his anger at all. Instead, he would offend Situ Xiu. So, he simply pretended not to hear.
"Who are you! Get lost! "
Without seeing how Situ Xiu attacked, an invisible force hit Yin Yuehuan heavily. This force was so strong that Yin Yuehuan was smashed to the ground as if she was hit by a heavy hammer.
"Banner Master!"
"Banner Master!"
Yin Yuehuan's people under the flag screamed when they saw this scene.
As a Banner Master, Yin Yuehuan wasn't weak. Although she was severely injured by this blow, she still struggled to get up from the ground.
"You're not dead?" Situ Xiu was a little surprised. He clenched his fist and swung it at Yin Yuehuan.
An invisible force smashed toward Yin Yuehuan again like a heavy hammer. Under this blow, it was likely that her body would be smashed into a pulp.
However, before the force hit her, a figure suddenly appeared beside Yin Yuehuan.
Then, everyone heard a muffled "clang". Situ Xiu's blow seemed to have hit a reinforced iron body.
The person who blocked this blow was Luo Zheng.
Wang Xiao saw Luo Zheng blocking the attack, so he reminded Situ Xiu from behind.
Situ Xiu sized him up and was a little surprised. "You're Luo Zheng? Tell me, where did you get the Sword Comprehension Spiritual Liquid! "
Today, Situ Xiu came here not only to kill, but also to find out where the Sword Comprehension Spiritual Liquid came from.
He helped that person sell the Sword Comprehension Spiritual Liquid. It seemed that he was rich, but in fact, 99% of the income was in that person's pocket. If there was a cheaper source, he was naturally willing to take a batch.
Luo Zheng lowered his head to check. The blow just now didn't seem to be very powerful, but it caused a lot of damage to Yin Yuehuan. All her bones were broken, and her Dantian was probably damaged as well. However, she was still alive.

Chapter 2734
Infuriation
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, everyone's face was filled with astonishment.
When they heard Situ Xiu's tone, they guessed that there might be a chance to turn things around.
Sword Comprehension Liquid was not easy to obtain. Could it be that there was a heavenly figure with perfect compatibility standing behind Luo Zheng?
If Situ Xiu had considered this point, he might not have been so heavy-handed against Luo Zheng. He might have been able to keep his life.
But this brat did not know the immensity of heaven and earth. He was actually so arrogant …
"This brat is dead for sure today …"
"Situ Xiu will not let him go."
"If he had knelt and begged for mercy from the start, there might still be a chance to turn things around. He can't blame anyone for seeking his own death."
Many people had such thoughts. Because a group of alliance masters was standing above them, they did not dare to voice their thoughts.
A cold chill slowly spread out in the air.
Situ Xiu's slightly chubby face was already deathly pale. After being in Dragon City for so many years, his violent temper had calmed down a lot. However, no one had ever dared to speak to him like this.
The dense chill spread out. Even the alliance masters avoided it. They knew that Situ Xiu was furious.
"What did you just say?" Situ Xiu suppressed his anger and asked.
"Listen to it again? If you scram to the gates of Dragon City and show your sincerity, I can consider cooperating with you. If you can't even show this much sincerity, I think we should forget about it. "Luo Zheng had an indifferent expression.
"Hahaha …" Situ Xiu was so angry that he laughed. "There are many ways to seek death. This is the first time I've met someone like you!"
"This is also the first time I've met a guy like you who thinks he's so high and mighty." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
At this time, Wang Xiao came up and said, "Alliance Master Situ, I've experienced how sharp this brat's tongue is. Don't waste words with him. Master Situ doesn't need to personally deal with him. I, Wang Xiao, can do it for him!"
"Scram!"
Situ Xiu slapped Wang Xiao. The enormous force sent him flying. He crashed heavily into a Banner Lord's area.
After sending Wang Xiao flying, Situ Xiu could no longer control his anger. He charged toward Luo Zheng like an angry beast.
"The Divine Dao of Strength …"
Facing Wang Xiao who was diving down, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
He could also tell that this Situ Xiu was immensely strong. He should have mainly cultivated the Divine Dao of Strength and borrowed the Divine Force of the Paramita Token.
As Situ Xiu swooped down like this, the pressure he exerted was also extraordinarily great.
Although the people under the banner had already scattered in all directions, after feeling the power, they still found it difficult to stabilize their bodies. Some people even sat down on the ground.
Those Banner Masters even pulled out the flags they had planted and moved them to another place.
Only Luo Zheng stood in place, motionless.
"That guy is so scared that he won't run?"
"Situ Xiu's casual strike has the strength of at least ten Jun. I'm afraid it will smash Luo Zheng into a meat patty!"
"Spread out quickly …"
Just as everyone was wondering about Luo Zheng's reaction, the two of them collided.
Since ancient times, the Celestial Palace had been filled with sword cultivators. A physical contest like Luo Zheng and Situ Xiu's was extremely rare … Of course, in the eyes of most people, this couldn't be considered a contest. They only thought that this was a one-sided slaughter by Situ Xiu.
"Boom!"
A muffled sound was heard.
With the two of them as the center, the ground around them strangely caved in by more than thirty meters, turning into a deep circular pit.
Dust flew up, obscuring everyone's line of sight …
Just as everyone was trying to use their divine sense to investigate, a figure was heavily thrown out. It rolled seven or eight times on the ground before stopping.
When everyone saw this figure clearly, they were all dumbfounded.
The expressions of the Alliance Masters floating in midair also changed greatly.
The one who was thrown out was actually Situ Xiu!
This was an outcome they simply couldn't imagine.
"As expected of Banner Master! He can actually shake the Alliance Masters! Too strong! "
"When has Brother Luo Zheng ever disappointed us?"
"…"
The faces of the academy disciples were filled with excitement. Even Yue Baicheng, who was being supported, had a serious smile on his face. "Looks like Banner Master … wasn't impulsive! It's just that the speed of his growth is simply beyond our imagination! "
More than a year ago, Luo Zheng's starting point was almost the same as theirs. At that time, Luo Zheng didn't even have the strength to fight against a Nirvana Realm master. Now that they thought about it, the difference between them was like heaven and earth.
As for the other people under the banner, when they heard the words of the academy disciples, they almost wanted to vomit blood. What did they mean by "As expected of Banner Master"? Which Banner Master had the qualifications to contend with the Alliance Masters?
Luo Zheng's slightly thin figure slowly floated up from the dust. He paced in the air and looked at Situ Xiu on the ground with an indifferent gaze. "Those who don't take their opponents seriously will often suffer a great loss. Overestimating one's own strength is exactly what people like you are …"
Situ Xiu naturally had the strength, but he indeed didn't take Luo Zheng as an opponent, so he didn't even use his weapon. He only wanted to tear Luo Zheng apart with his ferocious strength.
Luo Zheng didn't have any other intentions. He also didn't use his weapon.
Since the Power Divine Path and the Power of Shen Jun could be compatible, the moment Situ Xiu rushed towards him, he also mobilized the Power Origin and fused it with the Power of Shen Jun from the Nirvana Realm Token to counterattack.
Situ Xiu's body was thick and tough, so he wasn't injured. Even so, his fists were trembling non-stop. An unprecedented feeling of suffocation attacked his heart.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was just an ant that he could casually crush. He clearly wanted to crush him to death just now …
But the strength that this guy exploded with completely exceeded Situ Xiu's expectations!
That guy's strength was probably 20 Shen Jun! How was this possible! It didn't make sense at all!
"Your strength … How did you do it?" Situ Xiu asked with a serious expression.
"There are some secrets that I can only tell the dead. You want to know? Give me your life in exchange, "Luo Zheng said indifferently.
In less than ten breaths of time, the two's identities seemed to have been completely switched.
Even the alliance masters were looking at Luo Zheng with serious expressions. Seeing Luo Zheng's indifferent expression, their hearts were pounding.
This situation didn't seem right no matter how they looked at it.
A little guy in the First Heaven had such a Power of Shen Jun and unlimited potential. According to the rules of Dragon City, he should have been sent to the Heavenly Palace long ago …
Unless this Luo Zheng had absolute confidence in winning, how could he be so calm?
Alliance Master Tong and the others looked at each other. They even wanted to remind Situ Xiu.
Looking at the situation, Luo Zheng obviously provoked Situ Xiu on purpose. This guy probably had other motives. But Situ Xiu couldn't possibly listen to them now.
"Arrogant brat, I was just careless!"
Situ Xiu was extremely prideful. Today, he actually suffered a small loss at the hands of a mere Banner Lord. This was a huge loss of face.
With a loud shout, he flipped over from the ground and spread out his hands. A wide white heavy sword appeared in front of him.
"Wild Snow Sword!"
Su Kuan's heart skipped a beat when he saw the sword.
This sword was also a first-rate Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasure. It came from her, just like Luo Zheng's Snow Sword. He didn't expect Situ Xiu to buy this sword.
Thinking about it carefully, it was no exception. Not every alliance master could fork out eight to nine million Divine Crystals. Situ Xiu was probably one of the richest alliance masters.
"Finally serious …"

Chapter 2735
Heart Flow Sword
After half a year of bitter cultivation in Dragon City, Luo Zheng wanted to test his strength.
Since Situ Xiu took the initiative to challenge him, Luo Zheng didn't want to waste this opportunity.
Situ Xiu held the Wild Snow Sword with both hands, and his ferocious True Intent aura began to surge. His eyes were like a wild beast waiting to pounce.
This aura was so strong that it even made the alliance masters feel a trace of fear.
"Situ Xiu is actually getting serious …" Alliance Master Liu felt the aura and his expression became very strange.
Not only him, but the other alliance masters also had the same expression.
In the entire Dragon City, Alliance Master Liu had always boasted that he was the number one, and he was also recognized by the other alliance masters.
Next were Alliance Master Tong, Alliance Master Yu, and the others. This time, they had successfully passed the test and joined Tai Yiwei. Everyone said that Alliance Master Liu was the one who everyone wanted. If the number one alliance master couldn't join Tai Yiwei, then no one else could.
Situ Xiu had always been the weakest among the alliance masters. Everyone respected him not because of his strength, but because of the person behind him.
Now, Alliance Master Liu realized that he had really underestimated Situ Xiu!
"Alliance Master Situ hid his strength so well …"
"Think about it, when did you see Alliance Master Situ fight?"
"Hehe, no one in Dragon City dares to provoke him, so of course we can't see his strength …"
Alliance Master Tong and the others had bitter smiles on their faces. To think that they had always looked down on this person …
Facing Situ Xiu's rising aura, Luo Zheng's expression gradually became serious.
He didn't know much about the alliance master, but he was roughly at the level of a one-star Tai Yiwei, and Tai Yi Heaven Palace was a major force on par with the You Xiong Clan. He judged that this person should be at the level of a one-star Xuan Yuan Guard, which was similar to Huyan and Pu Zhe.
However, the aura that Situ Xiu displayed now was somewhat beyond his expectations.
"Since you're deliberately provoking me, then I'll do as you wish …"
Situ Xiu wasn't as stupid as he looked. He obviously felt that Luo Zheng was deliberately provoking him.
However, there was one thing that Situ Xiu couldn't understand. Even if this Luo Zheng was born with divine strength, would a guy at the First Celestial Layer really have the guts to challenge him?
"No matter what you're relying on, there's no room for regret now." Situ Xiu's expression was ferocious.
After saying that, he suddenly took a step forward.
The soft layer of soil cracked and collapsed.
However, he still maintained his standing posture, as if his entire person had stopped moving.
Everyone was silent. Some of the more cowardly ones quietly retreated. Although they had already retreated to a considerable distance, when this kind of elite made a move, the earth would shake and the mountains would shake. It would be an injustice if they were accidentally injured.
"Shua!"
In the next breath, Situ Xiu had already disappeared from where he stood and charged towards Luo Zheng.
From slow to fast, there was almost no time to connect. This method was very sudden, swift, and impossible to guard against!
Even the Alliance Masters didn't expect this to happen so suddenly …
The only one who reacted was Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had been irritating Situ Xiu with his words, it didn't mean that he looked down on him.
In the blink of an eye, the Wild Snow Sword was already slashing towards his head.
There was nothing special about this unrestrained sword technique, but it was this ordinary sword that gave Luo Zheng a misconception.
He had no way to retreat and could only take it head-on!
No matter what method he used to dodge, he would be cleaved in two by this sword.
"This sword technique …"
A strange glint flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
"It's the Heartflow Sword!"
"Alliance Master Situ can actually cultivate the Heartflow Sword!"
"With such talent, why is he holed up in Dragon City?"
After seeing Situ Xiu's sword technique, many of the Alliance Masters were even more baffled.
Luo Zheng had come into contact with the Heartflow Sword before. On the third floor of the True Intent Sword Pavilion, the Heartflow Sword was located in the third-to-last pillar of light and was known as the Heartflow Sword Codex.
After hearing the pavilion guardian's introduction, Luo Zheng became somewhat interested in the Heartflow Sword Codex.
It was said that this sword could read the opponent's state of mind through subtle changes and make perfect judgments. Not only that, once the user entered the state of mind, they would be able to do as they pleased. Even if they were facing an extremely powerful opponent, they would still be able to make the best decision.
The Heartflow Sword was actually a major school of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, but the Heartflow Sword Codex was the most powerful sword codex in this school.
However, the pavilion guardian also said that the threshold to cultivate the Heartflow Sword Codex was very high. One couldn't cultivate just one sword codex and had to enter the Heartflow Pagoda on the upper level of the Heavenly Palace to comprehend it. At that time, Luo Zheng felt that it wasn't suitable, so he skipped over this supreme sword codex.
When Luo Zheng faced Situ Xiu's sword, he finally understood the feeling of the Heartflow Sword …
It couldn't be dodged, but it also couldn't be avoided.
One sword was enough to force the opponent into a desperate situation!
As expected of a supreme sword codex!
Any other alliance head would be in dire straits, but Luo Zheng might not be in such a predicament.
Even if Situ Xiu had boundless strength, Luo Zheng still didn't need to dodge …
"Triple Burying Sword!"
After extracting the power of the demonic eye, the Snow Sword in Luo Zheng's hand emitted strands of mixed colors. Three strands of Dao Fusion energy coexisted and shrouded the surface of the Snow Sword.
Then, the two swords clashed together …
"Boom!"
When the Triple Burying Sword exploded, it released a dazzling white light that once again enveloped the two of them.
When he felt the power erupting from Luo Zheng's sword, Situ Xiu's face twitched slightly. The strength of 20 Shen Jun just now wasn't this kid's limit. The power of this kid's sword move was even greater!
However, once the Heartflow Sword was activated, Situ Xiu himself also fell into a state of Heartflow. No matter how his emotions fluctuated, these fluctuations would be quickly smoothed out. Like a puppet, he would attack again until he killed the opponent!
Therefore, the moment Situ Xiu was repelled by Luo Zheng's Triple Burying Sword, he turned around and slashed again. This slash also contained that strange feeling, making it impossible for Luo Zheng to dodge.
Before the light of the first Triple Burying Sword dissipated, Situ Xiu's second slash followed.
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
The people in the distance only saw huge balls of light shining one after another on the plains of Dragon City, making deafening sounds like thunder.
The people nearby were either lying on the ground or staring in shock.
They could only see two faint shadows crossing each other before the light completely dissipated. As for the situation of the battle, they still couldn't tell.
"Alliance Leader Situ is so strong!"
"Everyone says he's a fake alliance leader. Where did this rumor come from? I think he's even stronger than Alliance Leader Liu … "
"Hey, don't forget … who's Alliance Leader Situ's opponent?"
While admiring Alliance Leader Situ, these people suddenly realized that they seemed to be paying attention to the wrong person.
The one fighting with Situ Xiu in the white ball of light was Luo Zheng, who had just reached the Nirvana Realm not long ago. Before yesterday, this kid wasn't even at the Nirvana Realm!
He had just reached the Nirvana Realm, but he could already fight with such a strong Situ Xiu …

Chapter 2736
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
A glance.
A dozen huge light balls flashed across the sky and stopped abruptly.
Situ Xiu hovered in the air while the Wild Snow Sword floated beside him …
Even with such a high-intensity attack, his body could not withstand it. His fat body kept gasping for air, and he had no choice but to stop the Flow of Mind state.
Luo Zheng held the sword with one hand and stood on the other side without any emotion on his face. He said softly, "Is this all you got?"
"Who … are you?" Situ Xiu asked again.
Facing this guy, Situ Xiu even had a trace of fear in his heart.
Even the most perverted young people in the Heavenly Palace couldn't be this strong.
"You ask too many questions," Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
Situ Xiu gritted his teeth.
The Heavenly Palace wasn't stupid and Dragon City wasn't just for show.
Dragon City was a Deceptive City and all the rules were designed to dig out the young talents of the human race.
He had been in Dragon City for many years so he knew it best.
Even if he had half of Luo Zheng's strength, he would have been taken away by the Heavenly Palace. It was impossible for him to stay in Dragon City …
But Situ Xiu also knew he had no way out!
He clenched his teeth and patted the top of his head. A white bone appeared on top of his head.
It was the Frost Thorn Jade Bone that was unique to the Fifth Heaven.
When this Nirvana Realm Token appeared, the Wild Snow Sword in Situ Xiu's hand was suddenly covered with a touch of snow-white frost.
"You're really strong … In the early stage of the Nirvana Realm, people like you are very rare in the Heavenly Palace." Situ Xiu's voice was getting colder and colder. Some people couldn't help but tremble when they heard his voice.
"But you are also very stupid …" As Situ Xiu spoke, he suddenly pointed his heavy sword, Wild Snow, at Luo Zheng. A strange tyrannical aura appeared on his face. "Before you grow up, you should cultivate diligently. Perhaps in less than three years, or even one year, you can crush me. But now, you are not qualified!"
Although Situ Xiu had a taboo in his heart, he had already put it aside at this time.
Destroying a genius was also a very satisfying thing.
"Flow, Cold Sword Prison!"
Whether it was the Meaning of Truth or the Art of Sword Techniques, there was a big drawback.
It was difficult to find a perfect match with the Nirvana token.
For example, although Luo Zheng relied on the True Meaning of Nature to fuse with the Demonic Eye, the two were not completely compatible. It could only be said that the Demonic Eye resisted the True Meaning of Sword Fate and the True Meaning of Nature. It was the True Meaning of Good and Evil that was truly compatible with the Demonic Eye.
Some people who cultivated the True Intent Sword Mantra would find that the Nirvana Realm Token they fused with could not be compatible with their own sword mantra.
However, the Heart Flow Sword Sect did not have this problem.
The Solitary Sword Sect was particular about following one's heart. Everyone could comprehend the most suitable divine ability for themselves in the Heart Flow Pagoda.
These divine abilities could be said to have been created by him or by the Heart Flow Tower.
Therefore, it could be seen that every member of Heart Flow Sword Sect had a different god art!
"Hua …"
The moment Situ Xiu swung his sword, huge ice sword shadows filled the sky.
These ice sword shadows intertwined and relied on each other to form a huge ice prison, trapping Luo Zheng inside.
The ice sword shadows rapidly contracted and were about to cut Luo Zheng into powder!
"I can't block this move …" Alliance Master Liu shook his head and made a fair evaluation of himself.
"If I fought Situ Xiu with my full strength, I could barely block the Heart Flow Sword. However, I will definitely die in the face of this sword," Alliance Master Tong said.
"I can't block it anymore, hehe." Some alliance masters were relieved. Situ Xiu had never been on the same side as them. It was normal for him to be strong.
Wang Xiao had already crawled up from the ground after being slapped by Situ Xiu.
At first, he was still somewhat unconvinced. After all, he wanted to curry favor with Situ Xiu. However, after witnessing the battle between Situ Xiu and Luo Zheng, his expression was as ugly as it could get.
This was not something someone of his level could participate in …
If he really did fight in Situ Xiu's place, he might not be able to block Luo Zheng's sword.
"This ice prison … should be similar to the room on the third floor of the Sword Training Pagoda …"
Faced with the ice sword shadows that were closing in on him, Luo Zheng's figure became unusually agile as he shuttled back and forth.
When he encountered an ice sword shadow that he could not avoid, he would slash out with the Triple Burial Sword and shatter the ice sword shadows!
Seeing Luo Zheng dancing in the Cold Sword Prison, Situ Xiu's eyes widened. His whole body was submerged in the Cold Sword Prison, moving around behind the cold sword shadows.
These ice sword shadows refracted with each other. When Situ Xiu entered, thousands of images were projected. It was impossible to distinguish which was real and which was fake.
The ice prison was only a method to trap the enemy. Situ Xiu himself was the greatest killing move!
"If the limit of your strength is only 20 Shen Jun, then you won't be able to block this sword!" Situ Xiu's voice came from the ice sword shadows.
As he spoke, Situ Xiu began to crazily squeeze out the power of the Paramita Token.
Fine cracks also appeared on the surface of the Frostthorn Jadeskin floating above his head.
The Paramita Token also had a limit. After excessive extraction of power, it would require a large amount of Shen Gems to make up for it!
In the Fifth Heaven, even the most ordinary Paramita Token could reach 15 Shen Jun of strength. If his Frost Thorn Jade Bone was fully squeezed out, it could reach 40 Shen Jun of strength! Coupled with his Heart Sword, the power of this sword was extremely terrifying.
"Swish —"
Situ Xiu entered the state of Heart Sword again. Under the cover of the ice sword shadows, he charged towards Luo Zheng.
He had overdrawn all his strength for this sword. He wanted to cut Luo Zheng into pieces.
"This sword is very troublesome!"
Seeing the fat figure in the ice sword shadows, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
If it was purely a competition of Shen Jun of strength, Luo Zheng would not be weaker than this person. However, in the ice prison, he could not distinguish the real person.
If he could not find the real person, the other party had the ability to kill him.
Seeing that those figures were getting closer and closer to him, Luo Zheng's right eye narrowed slightly. A faint red glow was brewing within …
When Situ Xiu saw Luo Zheng's right eye close, his heart skipped a beat. For some reason, he faintly felt that there was a great threat hidden in that eye.
However, since he had already used Heart Sword, he naturally had no intention of retreating.
"Clang …"
All the ice sword shadows shattered. At the same time, Situ Xiu rushed out and slashed at a strange angle with his Wild Snow Sword.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's right eye suddenly opened. A demonic red glow was released.
When Situ Xiu saw this glow, his entire body trembled.

Chapter 2737
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Heart Killing Sword
Luo Zhengdong didn't use this devil eye to take advantage of the situation. He only wanted to break the illusion of the Sword Prison.
When Situ Xiu's body stiffened, it gave Luo Zheng a chance. However, Luo Zheng didn't kill him.
Instead, he waited for Situ Xiu to calm down …
When Situ Xiu fell into the state of mind, he affected not only himself but also his opponent.
When he was like a puppet, he was almost unaffected by other things. However, he still couldn't escape the red light in Luo Zheng's eyes.
However, Situ Xiu soon realized that Luo Zheng didn't take the opportunity to attack. He still had a chance!
Both parties paused in mid-air for two breaths of time. Situ Xiu's powerful sword slashed heavily at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised his Snow Sword at the same time. The Fusion Energy began to gather again.
"Six Hidden Sword!"
The more Fusion Energy was fused, the more explosive power would increase exponentially. The Six Hidden Sword stacked five layers of Fusion Energy.
When cultivating the Fusion God Sword Technique, Luo Zheng often sighed. Donghuang was indeed a genius.
If he abandoned the Nirvana Realm and purely cultivated the Fusion God Sword Manual, if he really cultivated to the level of Thousand Burying Sword, he would probably be able to fight against the top powerhouses in the mother world. He would definitely be qualified to fight against the strongest Nirvana Realm tokens.
The Snow Sword and the Wild Snow Sword clashed again.
Situ Xiu was originally happy that Luo Zheng gave him a chance.
However, the moment the two swords clashed, Situ Xiu's heart suddenly fell to the bottom …
This guy … never saw him as an opponent on the same level.
The power he unleashed wasn't something he could fight against!
"Rumble …"
A white light ball several times bigger than before spread out and enveloped the two of them again.
It was reflected outside Dragon City. The wilderness seemed to be covered with a layer of white snow …
At the gate of Dragon City, the old man who gave out the flag walked out of his room. He looked up at the white light. His yellow eyes seemed to be brightened by the white light in the distance.
"You've actually cultivated the Six Cloud Sword. You're really fast …" The old man muttered to himself as he entered the room with his hands behind his back.
The light dissipated.
Everyone could only see Luo Zheng standing alone in the air.
Not far below him, Situ Xiu's entire body was covered in wounds. Streams of blood flowed out, and he was already on the verge of death.
"Hermit's ability, huh …"
Luo Zheng glanced at Situ Xiu and flew towards his flag.
The moment the Six Hidden Sword exploded, a hidden god art appeared above Situ Xiu's head. The hidden god art turned into a block of ice that wrapped around Situ Xiu and helped him offset a considerable amount of power.
Since this man's life was not meant to end, Luo Zheng had no reason to kill him.
Everyone was silent ….
They were completely stunned by the last sword strike.
There were quite a number of geniuses in Dragon City. They would appear every once in a while, and the rising stars would be sent to the mountain.
But no one could be as terrifying as Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh —"
Inside Dragon City, a white dot of light rose up. Night had fallen.
When the banner masters saw this white dot of light, they all frowned. When night came, if they didn't plant a flag, even the alliance master would die.
They had no choice but to descend. Alliance Master Tong stuck a flag into the ground to protect the others.
One of the alliance masters lightly tossed the flag in his hand and planted it where Situ Xiu was.
Since Luo Zheng magnanimously spared Situ Xiu's life, they couldn't let him die under the rain of silver swords …
No matter what, these alliance masters had complicated feelings.
Su Kuan smacked his lips and looked at Luo Zheng like he was looking at a monster.
The disciples of the academia were full of worship.
Yue Baicheng was extremely gratified. After today's battle, not to mention outside Dragon City, perhaps even inside Dragon City, no one would dare to provoke them!
To be able to join Luo Zheng's banner was indeed their fortune. And it could be imagined that in the future, there would be even more people who would join Luo Zheng's banner …
…
…
Greater One Mountain, God Fall Peak.
A gourd-like pagoda sat on one side of God Cloud Peak.
This pagoda was known as the Heart Flow Pagoda. It was also the core object of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Everyone who cultivated the Heart Flow Sword Sect had to go through this pagoda …
The Heart Flow Pagoda had a total of nineteen floors. It wasn't easy to finish all of them.
It was said that even some five-star Tai Yiwei hadn't passed the last floor.
The door to the thirteenth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda was suddenly pushed open.
A young man in a gray raincoat flew out. After circling in the air for a while, he landed in a courtyard below the pagoda.
In this courtyard, there were green stone pillars erected. Each pillar had a person chained to it.
The young man glanced at those people and said in a cold voice, "Let them go."
"Crack crack crack crack …"
Following a series of mechanical sounds from the courtyard, the chains that bound these people were all broken.
These people were all experts of the Sixth and Seventh Heavens of the Paramita Realm!
Some of them had violated the death commandment of Greater One Heavenly Palace. Some of them were traitors of the Human Race who had sided with the Great Demons. They were all extremely vicious criminals sentenced to death.
"Same old rules. Kill me and you can leave this damned place. All the mistakes you've made in the past will be written off," the young man said.
Hearing this, a glimmer of hope flashed in those people's eyes.
The young man in front of them was only at the Third Heavens of the Paramita Realm. There were a total of thirteen of them!
Without the slightest bit of politeness, without any words, these people used all sorts of methods and charged towards the youth …
But before they could get close to the young man, the young man suddenly raised his hand.
He held a ball of air in the air as if there was an invisible sword in his hand. In fact, there was nothing there.
"Heart Flow, Heart Killing Sword!"
The young man held the air and waved it gently.
"Pfff pfff pfff pfff …"
Before the experts in this courtyard could rush over, they suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood from their chests. Then, it was the top of their heads, abdomens, and backs …
Thirteen people had all died in an instant.
The invisible air had directly sprouted from their hearts, piercing through their dantian and their souls.
"Clap clap clap …"
In the corner of the courtyard, a woman in orange stood slender and elegant. Her slender hands were gently clapping.
"Han 'er, when did you come? Why didn't you say anything? It would be troublesome if I accidentally hurt you." The young man smiled when he saw the woman in orange.
"I don't believe that you don't know that I'm here." The woman named Han 'er wrinkled her nose slightly.
The young man smiled and said, "Han 'er comes and goes like a ghost. How would I know …"
Han 'er stretched out her hand and rubbed the young man's forehead. Then, she said, "The income of Dragon City has decreased by fifty percent some time ago. This month, it's even decreased by ninety percent …"
"What's going on? What is Situ Xiu doing? "The young man frowned slightly.

Chapter 2738
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The youth in the raincoat.
With Situ Xiu's strength, no one in Dragon City would dare to offend him.
He didn't have to worry about selling Sword Comprehension Liquid either. As long as the sword wall was there, he could sell divine crystals endlessly.
Selling Sword Comprehension Liquid was a lucrative job. He could earn tens of millions of divine crystals every month …
The youth wasn't the only one in the Sky Palace who could make Sword Comprehension Liquid.
However, those people either didn't care about this income or were too embarrassed to compete with him. This was one of the benefits of staying in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
"I heard that someone else is selling Sword Comprehension Liquid at a low price to compete with Situ Xiu," Han 'er said.
The youth's eyes flashed. "Someone else? Those uncles and elders wouldn't do something so boring. They said they wouldn't compete, but they're doing it secretly, right? "
"Probably not." Han 'er shook her head. "The one selling Sword Comprehension Liquid is a Banner Lord in Dragon City."
"Don't tell me a mere Banner Lord can make Sword Comprehension Liquid." The youth didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Han 'er looked at the youth and pursed her lips. "This person just entered the Nirvana Realm a day ago and defeated Situ Xiu. Situ Xiu used all his strength …"
"What?" The youth's eyebrows rose like two small swords on his delicate face. "You suspect that he made Sword Comprehension Liquid and that he also has the ability to comprehend Dao with a thought?"
"Yes." Han 'er nodded.
There was a huge difference in strength between Nirvana Realm cultivators.
Although Situ Xiu didn't want to improve and was kicked out of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, he had already entered the Fifth Heaven and obtained the Nirvana token back then.
"Even I found it difficult to deal with Situ Xiu when I just entered the Nirvana Realm …" The youth narrowed his eyes.
"That's not necessarily true." Han 'er was very confident in the youth. "Little Brother Yijian entered the Dao through the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, so you have a natural sensitivity to the flow of the heart. As long as someone is affected by your flow of the heart, it will be difficult to resist. Situ Xiu may not be able to win against you at that time …"
The young man gave a noncommittal smile. Without seeing him move, he was already standing on the eaves of the courtyard.
Han 'er disappeared into thin air and followed closely behind him.
"I want to meet him …" The youth blinked.
Han 'er frowned. "I'm afraid it's difficult."
"Will someone stop me?" The youth asked.
"Definitely," Han 'er said.
Standing at a high position, one could see many invisible rules. rules. rules.
The Banner Banner Lords and alliance leaders... but Situ Xiu. could see some of them, but Situ Xiu....
But this woman, Han 'er, was well aware of these seemingly nonexistent rules.
"Then we're just going to let this matter go?" The young man's face revealed a depressed expression.
"Brother One Brother is Brother Sword?" Who? Translation Part Han Moon Translation Woman Translation To To Translation Translation Woman Translation to Translation.
The youth understood what she meant.
There were many ways to solve the problem, and it was not necessary to kill.
…
…
The's Dragon..... Dragon Long to Dragon.. Dragon Dragon was in Dragon.
Lai Huabei stood in the middle of the shop and looked at the people passing by.
His His His..... was' '' '' '' Translation. he.
Yue Baicheng and the others had been bullied when they were running the business.
They would lower the price and doubt the purity of the Sword Comprehension Liquid. Only they could solve these small problems. Luo Zheng couldn't be involved. Otherwise, they would be too useless.
The atmosphere was different now.
When the passersby looked in this direction, their eyes were filled with reverence.
15,000 for a bottle of Sword Comprehension Liquid. They didn't bargain at all. To be honest, the price was very good.
"My friend …" Someone stopped in front of Lai Huabei.
This person was in the Nirvana Realm. Lai Huabei was not used to being so polite to someone who hadn't even cultivated the True Meaning of Dao.
"Do you want to buy the Sword Comprehension Liquid too?" Lai Huabei asked.
"No, I want to change my allegiance. Is that okay?" the person asked.
This question again..
. Since Luo Zheng's battle with Situ Xiu that night, many of his subordinates wanted to join Luo Zheng.
It was a taboo to switch allegiance because it would offend the original Banner Master.
But Luo Zheng could not afford to offend all the banner masters inside and outside Dragon City.
"Turn left up ahead." Lai Huabei pointed.
Not only did more people switch allegiance to Luo Zheng, the number of people recruited from the Sword Wall also increased. In less than a week, Luo Zheng's subordinates swelled from a hundred to a thousand!
In a room on the upper level of the Sword Training Tower, a door was quietly pushed open.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed out of the door and slowly walked down the stairs.
Not long after he came down, the door of the room on the lowest level was also pushed open. Su Kuan walked out.
This time, Su Kuan wasn't kicked out. He finally passed the test on the lower level.
If it was in the past, Su Kuan would definitely cheer and try to persuade Wen Si to help him apply for a spot to go up the mountain.
But when he thought about how a monstrous existence like Luo Zheng was also training in Dragon City, he decided to follow Luo Zheng for a while.
"You finally passed the first level. Not bad," Luo Zheng encouraged him.
Su Kuan said gloomily, "I'm still far from the Banner Master. You already passed the upper level."
Wen Si, who was at the entrance of the Sword Training Tower, heard this and laughed. "You should also choose a better opponent to compare with. Choose Luo Zheng, hehe..."
Just then, a few people suddenly walked into the Sword Training Tower.
The people who had come were the alliance masters. The leader, Alliance Master Tong, had an attentive look on his face. He smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Brother Luo Zheng is really hardworking. You spend most of your time in the Sword Training Pagoda. Us old fellows are ashamed of our inferiority. Cultivating all day is ultimately boring. I would like to invite Brother Luo Zheng to Chengfeng Brothel for a small gathering.
Seeing Alliance Master Tong, Luo Zheng's face turned cold. He said, "Forget about the small gathering. Alliance Masters have noble statuses. I'm not worthy."
He had no conflict of interest with these alliance masters. Luo Zheng should have accepted their goodwill.
But when he thought of Alliance Master Tong's character, Luo Zheng was naturally disdainful.
Yin Yuehuan had always followed Alliance Master Tong. That night, Yin Yuehuan pleaded for Luo Zheng and was beaten to the brink of death by Situ Xiu. Alliance Master Tong did not even try to stop her. Such a cold-blooded person was really despicable.
Alliance Master Tong laughed dryly. He wanted to explain, but Luo Zheng and Su Kuan had already taken large strides out.
Alliance Master Tong looked at Wen Si pleadingly. Wen Si, who was wearing a mask, pretended not to see anything.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped out of the Sword Training Tower, his heart inexplicably skipped a beat.
Not far away, a young man in a straw raincoat stood and looked at him with a calm gaze.

Chapter 2739
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
I Know Swords Better Than You
There was a beautiful woman standing beside the young man in the raincoat.
Both of their cultivations were not high. They were only at the third level of the Nirvana Realm. However, both the woman in orange and the young man in the raincoat had an aura that ordinary people could not compare to.
Luo Zheng and the young man in the raincoat looked at each other and said to Su Kuan, "Let's go."
The two of them walked quickly along the street and passed by the young man in the raincoat.
After taking a few steps, they heard the young man in the raincoat say, "Can you stay for a moment?"
Luo Zheng frowned. He turned his head and asked, "What's the matter?"
"You made the Sword Comprehension Liquid?" the young man in the raincoat asked.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was almost certain.
This young man in the raincoat was the person behind Situ Xiu …
Luo Zheng originally thought that the person's cultivation should be very high and that he should not be young. He did not expect him to be a young man.
"So what if I did? So what if I didn't? "Luo Zheng asked back.
The young man in the raincoat had a pure gaze. He sized up Luo Zheng and said, "If you didn't make it, I will kill you. If you did, I can spare your life."
"This is Dragon City. Who are you? How dare you make a move here!" Su Kuan said coldly.
The young man in the raincoat glanced at Su Kuan and reached out his hand.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed. It was as if he was facing a great enemy. The Snow Sword had already appeared in his hand.
The surging sword gleam rushed toward the young man in the raincoat like a tide.
The leaders at the entrance of the Sword Practice Pagoda did not know what had happened. They only saw the young man in the raincoat talking to Luo Zheng and suddenly making a move.
Moreover, judging from Luo Zhengyi's decisiveness, they were also shocked by the way he acted.
However, the sword gleam of the Six Oblivion Sword was only eight inches away.
When he felt the "air" in the young man's hand dissipate, Luo Zheng forcibly withdrew the Six Oblivion Sword.
The Fusion Energy was violent and restless. Luo Zheng naturally could not withdraw and release it as freely as the young man in the raincoat. Luo Zheng could only absorb the Fusion Energy into his Inner World and let it explode by itself.
"You are a loyal person. You are so considerate of your subordinates." The young man in the raincoat shrugged...
Su Kuan, on the other hand, had a baffled look on his face. He didn't know what had happened at all. He didn't even know that he had walked through the gates of hell.
Luo Zheng Gang's perception was very clear. This young man wanted to kill Su Kuan, and there was no room for negotiation.
. If Luo Zheng and Xiu Xiu were, then, Luo Zheng Studio, Luo Zheng and Yang Studio Were.
The young man in the raincoat was: No Zheng Studio Studio Were Xiu Studio Studio.
"Help yourself," Luo Zheng responded.
The young man in the woven rush raincoat curled his lips and said to the woman in orange, "Han 'er, look, this person is very astute. He clearly knows that I can't do anything to him, but he still pretends to be fearless. He's really too much …"
The orange-clothed woman covered her mouth and smiled, but she did not express her opinion.
"But … do you really think that I won't dare to do anything to you?"
The young man in the woven rush raincoat had only spoken half of his sentence when his easy-going aura had completely disappeared. He suddenly took a step forward, and went straight towards Luo Zheng.
He still didn't draw his sword. He held a ball of air in his hand and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng like a clumsy elephant.
As he walked, he waved his arms in the air …
Looking at the young man's footsteps and the ball of air in his hand, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and raised his Snow Sword.
The energy of the Dao Fusion lingers in Luo Zheng's hand, and the Snow Sword, shining with a strange light, slashes out again and again.
"Phew …"
"Swish …"
"Phew …"
"Swish …"
The energy of the Dao Fusion did not explode. When the Snow Sword collided with the air in the young man's hand, the power of the Liu Yan Sword naturally dissipated.
Every time Luo Zheng swung his sword, he would have to consume a Liu Yan Sword.
He and the young man's actions, which were like playing house, consumed ten times more energy of the Dao Fusion than when he fought Situ Xiu. The pressure he faced was a hundred times stronger.
He had been moving forward since the young man in the woven rush raincoat started waving the air.
In order to resist this ball of air, Luo Zheng kept retreating …
Su Kuan's eyes widened. The orange-clothed woman was still smiling faintly. The alliance leaders were also baffled.
Wen Si, who was at the entrance of the Sword Practice Pagoda, clenched his fists and hesitated. He thought about Qiu Yinhe's words. He couldn't intervene now, but he also couldn't not intervene.
In the face of the pressure, Luo Zheng kept retreating.
He felt that the air in the young man's hand was becoming more and more solid and powerful.
At first, his retreating steps only left shallow footprints on the solid stone surface. As the pressure kept increasing, the footprints became deeper and deeper.
After he retreated ten steps, the stone surface emitted a "pop" sound with every step he took.
After twenty steps, the Snow Sword suddenly broke with a "ding" sound.
The broken Snow Sword suddenly shot out and hit the load-bearing pillar of a building not far away. The building collapsed with a loud bang, attracting the attention of many people.
The young man in the woven rush raincoat was still holding the ball of air. He pointed at Luo Zheng's neck and said proudly with his head held high, "I … know swords better than you."
The young man in the woven rush raincoat gently waved his right hand. The ball of air dissipated, and all the pressure on Luo Zheng disappeared without a trace.
"Remember my name. My name is Mo Yijian."
As he finished speaking, he turned around and grabbed the waist of the woman in orange.
But he had not taken two steps when he heard a "zeng" sound in the distance. The broken section of the Snow Sword spiraled up and flew back to Luo Zheng's hand. At the same time, Luo Zheng said, "The broken sword, you must compensate me. The words you said, I will return it to you."
The young man in the woven rush raincoat turned around and glanced at Luo Zheng. He gave a disdainful smile, as though he did not take it to heart. Instead, he was whispering something to the woman in orange.
"He hasn't answered your question yet —"
"No need, the Sword Comprehension Liquid was created by him. Otherwise he would have died after taking three steps back."
"He should have died after taking three steps back, but he took twenty steps back!"
"Damn, it really exceeded my expectations. I thought he could only take ten steps back, no, eight steps back —"
"Little brother One Sword is also worried! Hehe — — "
"Nonsense, the two guys at the top of Greater One Mountain are not weak. Dragon City has another person who wants to steal their rice bowl — —"
"— —"
Luo Zheng looked at the broken Snow Sword, shook his head with a wry smile, and handed it to Su Kuan. "What should I do?"
Luo Zheng was very good at using the Snow Sword, but he did not expect it to be so short-lived.
"It can be repaired, but it's a little troublesome — —" Su Kuan's face was full of distress.
Before the Snow Sword was broken, Su Kuan always felt that this fight was inexplicable, and thought that Luo Zheng was playing some tricks.
It was not until the sword was broken that he understood that Luo Zheng was completely at a disadvantage!

Chapter 2740
Merits
In a corner of Dragon City, the blue-robed youth leaned against the wall and breathed a long sigh of relief.
Not only him, there were also a few people in several other hidden places.
When Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian were fighting, their nerves were as taut as a bowstring.
If there was the slightest accident, they would have intervened.
But although Mo Yijian's cultivation base was not high, his Heart Sword had reached perfection. If he really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, at such a close distance, it really would not be easy to stop him...
Seeing that he had only broken Luo Zheng's sword and left, they were relieved.
"Although Mo Yijian is a little lunatic, he still understands the big picture." The blue-robed youth shook his head and quietly concealed himself.
As for the battle between Luo Zheng and Mo Yijian in Dragon City, and even caused a pavilion to collapse, the guards of Dragon City were very sensible and did not appear. Dragon City had great power in the Center Divine Province, but in the end, it was just a threshold set up by the Heavenly Palace.
Late at night, countless white stars turned into a rain of swords and fell...
Luo Zheng looked up at the unreachable Greater One Mountain, a complicated expression on his face.
In the battle with Mo Yijian, although he had lost a Snow Sword, Luo Zheng understood some things.
When he entered the mother world, the Dao Sword Palace, and then Dragon City, he almost did not encounter any peers who could compare to him.
The only one who could catch his eye was Ling Shuang.
But now he understood that it was not that there were no geniuses in the mother world who could match him, but that his position was still too low.
"Heart Sword Sect..."
Mo Yijian's sword technique was too strange, it had reached the point where everything could be used as a sword.
Although he only held a mass of air in his hand, the power of that air was not the slightest bit weaker than his Six Hidden Sword.
Luo Zheng had deduced hundreds of times in his mind. No matter what method he used, it would be difficult to fight against Mo Yijian.
The only thing he could be sure of was to use the Imperial Sword Seal to stimulate the Tengshe sword, but this method was naturally not suitable.
"Banner Lord, are you still thinking about what happened during the day?" Su Kuan smiled.
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered.
"Although Mo Yijian is younger than Banner Master, he's already at the Third Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. If they're both comprehending the Dao with One Thought, it's normal for Banner Master to lose to him," Su Kuan analyzed.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Realm is not the main reason."
The difference between the Third Heaven and the First Heaven was not huge. Moreover, he did not use the Nirvana Realm Token when he fought with Mo Yijian.
The key reason was the difference in their backgrounds.
While Luo Zheng was still roaming the Divine Realm, Mo Yijian had already arrived at the Heavenly Palace and received the favor of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. He was painstakingly cultivating in the Heart Flow Pagoda.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still running around. He didn't even understand the True Meaning of Dao and the Nirvana Realm.
"I think that's the main reason! When Banner Lord reaches the same realm as that brat, you can still crush him! "Su Kuan was very confident in Luo Zheng.
"Perhaps." Luo Zheng smiled.
"Moreover, Banner Lord is considering the matter of being promoted to Alliance Master," Su Kuan added.
In Dragon City, only by being promoted to Alliance Master could one become Tai Yiwei. This was the goal of almost all Banner Lords.
"To become Alliance Master, do I need to go to Dragon City to apply?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan nodded. "It's the old man at the gate of Dragon City. According to the current momentum of the Banner Lords, it won't be long before the number of people under them reaches the target. The only thing missing is merit points."
"How do I earn merit points?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Kill monsters!" Su Kuan's eyes flashed with anticipation.
Since the birth of the Mother World, there had not been a single day of peace between the various races.
The conflict between the races was going on all the time.
Tai Yiwei of the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace shouldered the heavy responsibility of killing monsters and protecting the homeland of the human race.
Luo Zheng knew that he could accept missions and go out to train in Dragon City. However, he had only been in Dragon City for a short time, so he hadn't considered this aspect.
But as Su Kuan said, merit points were necessary to be promoted to Alliance Master. This point had to be considered …
After some understanding, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the situation.
The Center God Province where the Heavenly Palace was located was overseen by a powerful figure. No race dared to invade.
The Tai Yi Heavenly Palace controlled a total of 13 provinces. Six of them were not peaceful, especially Guanshan Province. Even now, it was still in turmoil. Although they had sent Tai Yiwei to suppress it, they were still annoyed by the counterattacks of the other races.
Therefore, the recent demon-killing missions assigned by Dragon City were basically to Guanshan Province.
Luo Zheng accepted Su Kuan's suggestion. After entering the Paramita Realm that night, he told Ling Shuang about it.
Ling Shuang was very worried about Luo Zheng's decision. "Guanshan Province is too chaotic. According to the current situation, our Heavenly Palace is likely to withdraw from this province. Won't it be too dangerous for you to go there now?"
"The Heavenly Palace will withdraw from Guanshan Province? Why is that? Could it be that we can't fight against a demonic race? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had heard this point of view in the Dao Sword Palace. Moreover, when he saw the Dao Sword Palace being destroyed by those demonic races, he was indeed shocked.
But this was the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, the orthodox sect of the Human Race. It was also one of the strongest branches of the Human Race. There were countless experts among them. For such a superpower to give up a province, Luo Zheng found it even more inconceivable.
Ling Shuang smiled faintly and said, "You know too little about the Mother World. The one fighting for Guanshan Province with us is the Jinwu. The strongest expert of their race is Demon Emperor Jun. This Demon Emperor … is enough to contend against our East Sovereign!"
"Demon Emperor Jun … contends against East Sovereign!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
In Luo Zheng's imagination, East Sovereign should be an existence on par with his grandfather. But a Jinwu expert actually had such strength!
"So you have to consider this matter carefully. Although the mission issued by Dragon City is not as difficult as Tai Yiwei, there are always exceptions," Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng knew that Ling Shuang's words were true. But since he had made up his mind, he would not change it.
From the moment he entered Dragon City, Luo Zheng had thought it through. No matter what Qiu Yinhe and Lin Zhanting were planning, he would not beg for pity. So he had no interest in going up the mountain.
Relying on himself, he could still walk up step by step.
"Don't worry, I will not make a hasty decision," Luo Zheng said to Ling Shuang.
But Ling Shuang did not feel at ease. Once this guy made up his mind, there was no such thing as hasty or not. He would definitely do it, and she could not stop him at all …
Before leaving, Luo Zheng briefed him on the matters of Dragon City.
He let Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi take care of the general matters. If there was trouble, Yin Yuehuan would also take care of it.
The key was that those alliance masters had been intimidated by Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng had temporarily left Dragon City, they would not act rashly.
Then Luo Zheng and Su Kuan went to Dragon City and entered the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. This was the place where Dragon City issued missions.

Chapter 2741
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Guanshan Prefecture
Normally, people who entered Dragon City would start accumulating merits after stepping into the Nirvana Realm.
Those Banner Lords would also bring their subordinates to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion to accept missions.
However, regardless of whether it was their subordinates or the Banner Lords themselves, the minimum requirement was to be in the Nirvana Realm. Those who were below the Nirvana Realm were better off staying in Dragon City and cultivating.
Luo Zheng had only brought his disciples into Dragon City for a short period of time.
Even the most outstanding Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi were still wandering around the periphery of the Sea of True Intent. Naturally, they were not qualified.
In the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, a skinny middle-aged man saw Luo Zheng and sized him up subconsciously. Then, he placed a square plaque in front of Luo Zheng.
There were many labels on this plaque, and the merits one could obtain were different.
"One-star missions can only give 20 merits …"
"Two-star missions can only give 60 merits …"
"Three-star missions can only give 180 merits."
"Five-star missions can only give 900 merits."
After reading the introduction on the plaque, Luo Zheng turned to look at Su Kuan. "How many merits do I need to be promoted to Alliance Master?"
"Nine hundred," Su Kuan answered quickly.
"Five-star missions then." Luo Zheng looked at the middle-aged man and smiled.
"Cough cough …"
Su Kuan and the middle-aged man coughed at the same time.
Luo Zheng looked at the middle-aged man suspiciously. Only then did the middle-aged man realize that he had lost his composure. He quickly put on a serious expression and said, "Five-star missions are more difficult. Normally, only Alliance Masters can accept them."
The five-star missions here required strength that was about the same as one-star Tai Yiwei.
"You mean the Banner Lords can't accept them?" Luo Zheng looked at the middle-aged man and asked.
"You can, but …" The middle-aged man was still hesitant.
"But what?" Luo Zheng stared at the man.
Luo Zheng was not a fool. He could faintly feel that there were people following him in Dragon City. However, since these people did not show up, Luo Zheng did not want them to affect his judgment.
The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment, and then his expression suddenly became extremely strange. He quickly changed his expression and said with a smile, "There are no buts. You are free to accept whatever mission you want. However, five-star missions are extremely dangerous. Even the alliance masters have suffered many casualties. You, a mere banner master, need to reconsider."
"I've thought about it," Luo Zheng replied.
"If that's the case, that's great." The middle-aged man waved his hand gently, and a small magic array condensed in his hand. Then, it turned into a palm-sized token. "The information about this mission, the document of passage, and the teleportation order are all in it. You must take good care of it!"
The journey to the Mountain View Prefecture was not short. Although teleportation formations were built along the way, the checkpoints of the Heavenly Palace were heavily guarded. If he lost this token, it would be difficult to move forward.
After obtaining this token and exiting the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Luo Zheng looked at the uneasy Su Kuan and said, "It's not too late for you to regret it now."
Su Kuan's mouth twitched …
Although he wanted to follow Luo Zheng, this guy had accepted a five-star mission. With his cultivation, wouldn't he be courting death?
"Banner Master … can you tell me the details of the mission?" Su Kuan asked.
Luo Zheng poured a strand of divine sense into the token. After understanding it for a while, he said, "It is indeed to head to the Mountain View Prefecture and request to guard Jade Cloud City."
If it was any other place, it would be fine. However, when Su Kuan heard Jade Cloud City, his expression changed, and his heart tightened.
Guarding Jade Cloud City was already a five-star mission. This meant that Jade Cloud City itself was in danger!
"You still plan to go?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I'll go!" Su Kuan instantly made up his mind.
Luo Zheng sized up Su Kuan and asked, "This Jade Cloud City has some relationship with you, right?"
Su Kuan did not answer.
Luo Zheng shrugged. Since Su Kuan was unwilling to say, he did not pursue the matter.
A huge transportation array was built in the north corner of Dragon City. After showing the token, the guards allowed the two to enter.
The long-distance transportation in the mother world was somewhat different from that in the divine realm.
In the divine realm, as long as one's cultivation reached a certain level, they could travel freely in the entire divine realm. However, in the mother world, each prefecture was a different world. When one reached the border of a large prefecture, one would need to leave the transportation array and cross the barrier between the prefectures before being transported again. It was quite tedious.
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan headed north. After passing the Center God Province, they arrived at the North Qi Province and entered the Shan Ming Province.
Along the way, it was the homeland of the human race. There were no great demons invading. The human race had built countless cities, forces, and sects.
Seeing these large prefectures, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart.
The Jiuli race used to be the orthodox human race, just like the Heavenly Palace. However, those great rivers and mountains were destroyed just like that. Moreover, it was the human race that killed each other. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also felt a faint burden in his heart.
Reviving the Jiuli race was not something that could be solved in a short period of time.
"Guanshan Province is next door. When the time comes, Tai Yiwei will take you away." The guard guarding the transportation array looked at Luo Zheng's token and chose to let them pass. At the same time, he warned, "Guanshan Province is much more chaotic than here. You have to be careful."
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan were not the only ones who passed through the transportation array. There were many people behind them.
Among them, a considerable number came from the sects under the Heavenly Palace.
Qiu Yin River had set up many sects in other prefectures. In the large prefectures controlled by the Heavenly Palace, there were tens of thousands of sects standing tall!
The Dao Sword Palace set up the "Tian Luo Guard". These sects also had various "guards", such as the Qing Ping Guard, the God Guarding Guard, the Deep Sea Guard, and so on. Luo Zheng also met many of them along the way.
Of course, the value of these "guards" naturally could not be compared with Tai Yiwei. These forces themselves were imitating Tai Yiwei.
These sects also had a large number of people who needed to gain experience. The sects themselves also needed to prove themselves to the Heavenly Palace. They would also send experts to assist the Heavenly Palace.
Now that Guanshan Province was in trouble, naturally there would be a large number of reinforcements coming here.
When these "guards" saw the token in Luo Zheng's hand, there was a faint look of envy.
Although Luo Zheng was not Tai Yiwei, he was after all a person from Dragon City. Only people from there were qualified to enter Tai Yiwei, representing the orthodox Heavenly Palace.
"Thank you for the reminder." Luo Zheng took back the token. After the guards checked it, the others also followed behind Luo Zheng and boarded a giant airship. This giant airship would send everyone through the space barrier.
There were about a thousand people on the airship. Some were worried about the future, and some were very excited. The airship was noisy.
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan leaned at the back, not saying a word.
Half an hour later, the airship passed through the space barrier.
Before everyone could see the scenery of Guanshan Province, they saw a small black dot in the distance flying over.
The giant airship's space barrier rippled and was instantly penetrated by this black dot.
"Pata …"
The black dot had landed in the center of the airship.
Luo Zheng glanced at the black dot and saw that it was a black three-legged bird.
This bird was pitch-black all over. Only its three legs shone like pure gold.
Luo Zheng observed and felt that the energy in this bird was very violent. It was very similar to the moment when the energy of the Dao Fusion exploded. His face suddenly changed and he cried out in alarm, "Be careful!"

Chapter 2742
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
No way to retreat
Just as the two of them retreated to the stern of the ship, a golden light bloomed from the three-legged bird's body.
The blazing energy exploded and swallowed everything around it.
The people closest to the three-legged bird exploded into pieces. Their heads were separated from their bodies, and the entire giant flying ship was snapped in half!
"Charge out!"
Luo Zheng said to Su Kuan, who was stunned.
After the giant flying ship was snapped, the outer barrier also collapsed.
The two of them leaped into the air and shot toward the outside.
Not only the two of them, but everyone on the giant flying ship also fled.
Those who dared to go to Guanshan Prefecture were at least in the Nirvana Realm. They reacted very quickly in the face of danger.
"Huff … Huff …"
The giant flying ship that was snapped in half fell down.
Thousands of people floated in the air and looked at the flying ship in a daze.
Although the guards of the teleportation formation had already warned them and they were mentally prepared, they were naturally caught off guard when they encountered such a thing when they just arrived at Guanshan Prefecture.
"Caw!"
At this moment, the sound of a strange bird came from the sky.
Luo Zheng looked up and his pupils suddenly shrank.
Above the higher space, a huge dark cloud floated over. Looking carefully, it was not a dark cloud.
There were countless strange black birds huddled together!
If every black strange bird exploded with such power like the previous bird, they would be in big trouble.
"Run!"
"Guanshan Prefecture's Mountain River Fortress is not far from here!"
"If we are caught by these birds, we will definitely die!"
Waves of spatial fluctuations began to appear. In a situation where they were running for their lives, relying on greater teleportation was naturally the fastest way.
However, just as they were about to use greater teleportation, a few golden lines suddenly lit up in this world. These golden lines were like a huge grid that enveloped the entire Guanshan Prefecture!
Those who had just entered the spatial passage stumbled out of the passage again.
Some people saw the golden lines in the distance and were instantly filled with despair.
"Heaven and Earth Cage …"
"Guanshan Prefecture is actually enveloped by the Heaven and Earth Cage!"
"It's over, it's over!"
The Heaven and Earth Cage was also an extremely powerful technique in the eyes of ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivators.
When this cage was used, it could directly seal the space within a prefecture. Greater Teleportation would be useless in this prefecture.
When two alien races fought, it was rare for them to use the Heaven and Earth Cage. This was because the cage not only trapped the opponent, but also their own people.
However, the cage could greatly shorten the duration of the battle. Both sides would not be able to use Greater Teleportation to fly around, so the battle would become very intense.
Jinwu's use of the Heaven and Earth Cage could only mean that they were determined to obtain Guanshan State.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Although everyone was terrified, their survival instincts made them run for their lives.
"What should we do?"
Looking at the dark clouds in the sky that were getting lower and lower, Su Kuan's mouth was full of bitterness. He had just arrived in Guanshan Province, and he was going to give up his life here?
"Charge out!"
Faced with this situation, Luo Zheng couldn't give a second answer.
Over a thousand streaks of light shot towards the north at an extremely fast speed, but the huge dark cloud was even faster.
In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, those strange black birds had already descended above everyone's heads.
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The strange cries of countless birds were disturbing.
"Ga!"
One of the strange black birds suddenly flew towards the crowd.
As it flew down, the energy in its body began to accumulate. When it approached the Nirvana Realm cultivators, it suddenly exploded!
"Boom!"
Although these people were already very scattered, the terrifying energy flow still engulfed six or seven people!
"These strange birds …"
Looking at the miserable state of these people, Luo Zheng's eyes twitched slightly.
At this moment, a flock of strange black birds flew directly towards Luo Zheng. Seeing that the strange birds were getting closer and closer to him, Su Kuan also shouted, "Banner Lord, be careful!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were like torches. With a flip, the long sword in his hand had already swept out a white light!
"Nine Diffraction Flashes!"
The Nine Flash Diffraction Sword Technique was a sword technique of its own. It pursued extreme speed.
The nine sword gleams did not spread out like a fan. Instead, they were like nine cold stars, sprinkling a field of stars above his head. They were like meteors that streaked across the sky, fleeting and disappearing.
"Pu pu pu …"
Those strange black birds that were flying towards Luo Zheng were instantly cut in half!
While killing these strange black birds, Luo Zheng's entire body suddenly sank down.
The power of one strange black bird's explosion was probably hundreds of Godly Jun! With so many strange black birds exploding, wouldn't it be enough to destroy the world? This was what Luo Zheng was worried about.
He never expected that those strange black birds that were cut in half would just fall down. They did not explode like Luo Zheng imagined!
"I see …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He gathered a mouthful of True Yuan and shouted loudly, "Everyone, don't just run away. These strange black birds will not explode after being killed. Just kill them before they get close. If you fight and retreat, you will still have a chance to survive!"
The power of these strange black birds' explosion was too shocking. No one could withstand it. They all ran away in fear. Their speed was not as fast as the strange black birds. They just had to wait for these strange black birds to explode one by one. Then, all of them would probably die here.
Luo Zheng told everyone about his discovery. Suddenly, everyone was excited. Maybe they could still fight for a way to survive!
"Whoosh —"
While flying forward, these thousands of people also performed their own supernatural powers.
The power of the strange black birds' explosion was shocking, but their defense was extremely weak. Those who had entered the Nirvana Realm could easily kill these strange black birds by fusing with any token.
"Sword of Wind and Rain!"
"Sword of Huaitian!"
"…"
These people belonged to the Heavenly Palace. Most of them were sword cultivators.
Countless sword gleams rushed towards the sky. All the strange birds that came into contact with them were killed. Black feathers flew everywhere, and limbs sputtered in all directions. They fell down like raindrops.
Just like Luo Zheng's situation, these strange birds needed a long time to accumulate energy. After being killed, they could not explode. Naturally, the threat was greatly reduced.
Even so, the number of strange birds was too great.
A considerable number of strange birds swept in front of the team and covered them like a pot lid. They actually formed an encirclement!
"Boom!"
Dozens of strange black birds landed in advance and exploded again. The spreading energy flow once again engulfed the dozens of people in front of them.
The energy flow produced by the explosion of each strange black bird was as high as hundreds of Godly Jun. It was about twice as strong as Situ Xiu's full-powered attack. All the Nirvana Realm cultivators who were engulfed in it died.
Even Luo Zheng was greatly shocked when he felt the power of this explosion!
"Descend!"
Luo Zheng ordered. Then, he and Su Kuan descended to a height of 300 feet.
When the others heard Luo Zheng's words, they immediately understood what he meant. They also descended.
After suddenly descending, they won some time for everyone. However, after a few breaths, the "dark clouds" above their heads also sank!
"Descend again!"
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and said helplessly.
He led everyone to descend to a certain height. The countless strange black birds also followed.

Chapter 2743
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Mountain River Fortress
Under the leadership of Luo Zheng, the group moved in a downward arc.
Although they had avoided the exploding black birds, they were getting closer and closer to the ground.
After the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn, they were already flying close to the ground. The black birds were like the gods of death, once again looming over their heads.
"Dig into the ground!" Someone suggested.
"Digging into the ground is courting death!" Someone immediately objected.
Moving underground was extremely slow. By the time they dug a hole, a few black birds would fall into it, and the people in the hole would undoubtedly die. This was just digging their own graves.
"Fight!"
"Kill all these feathered beasts!"
Those sword cultivators also became ruthless. The sharp swords in their hands flashed, and sword rays intertwined in the air, forming layers of fine nets.
Countless black birds in the "dark cloud" were killed or injured in a short period of time.
However, as long as a single Black Bird managed to slip through the net of swords, the moment it exploded, it would devour the lives of several people.
The number of people in this group of over a thousand people was also decreasing rapidly. In just a few breaths, 30% of the people had died!
Luo Zheng flew close to the ground and stepped on a rock in front of him. With a sudden kick, he flipped over, and fine white cold lights surged around his body.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Perhaps hundreds of black birds would die under one sword strike.
But for the entire dark cloud, it was just a drop in the ocean!
"Caw!"
A black bird happened to drill through a crack, and landed beside Luo Zheng.
Feeling the power of this strange bird, Luo Zheng rushed to the other side without any hesitation, and rolled several times.
"Boom!"
A terrifying energy flow exploded behind Luo Zheng, and a huge shock wave swept over him.
How terrifying was the power of hundreds of Godly Jun?
Even though Luo Zheng was not swallowed by the energy flow, at such a close distance, the shock wave smashed over like countless mountains smashing over.
He was pushed hundreds of feet away. His back was on fire, and there was a fishy taste in his throat.
This injury was not a big deal, but this was only one black bird. If he was drowned by more than ten black birds, he would probably die without a burial place. Not to mention, there were probably hundreds of thousands of black birds in the "dark cloud" above his head ….
"Ah!"
Luo Zheng had just stabilized himself when he saw Su Kuan not far away holding his sword, and letting out a roar.
More and more black birds were surrounding Su Kuan. It seemed that he could not hold on much longer …
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
Another two or three explosions came came from the dark, and dozens of people Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng couldn't even see the others anymore as the monstrous black birds blotted out the sky.
He could only push the sword aura to the extreme to protect himself. The black birds that were killed fell to the ground, and the corpses quickly piled up into a small hill.
But it was impossible to kill all of the black birds. As long as one escaped, his life would be in danger!
Luo Zheng's face also showed anxiety. In this situation, even if he activated the Sword Control Seal, it would not be of much use. The sword silk of the Sword Control Seal could certainly solve the urgent situation, but it could not kill so many black birds!
Seeing that Luo Zheng had reached his limit, he suddenly heard a whistling sound.
"Whoosh —"
A dark green light spot appeared from the dark cloud.
"Whoosh —"
Then a second dark green light spot appeared.
A third, a fourth …
These dark green lights hit the dark cloud, and made a strange ear-piercing sound.
A strange sound came from the sky.
Although the sound was not loud, it made Luo Zheng's eardrums tingle, and then he felt tinnitus.
This feeling was very uncomfortable, but it did not cause him any harm. The pain was also bearable.
Then a miraculous scene appeared.
The large dark cloud above their heads began to "collapse", and the densely packed black birds fainted one by one and fell from the sky.
A small number of black birds saw this and did not stay any longer. They stumbled and fled, but these black birds were obviously affected by the strange ear-piercing sound. Not only did their flying speed decrease greatly, but they also stumbled along the way. They could not even tell the direction and flew randomly.
Because the "dark cloud" collapsed at the same time, Luo Zheng, Su Kuan, and the other survivors were directly buried by the black birds.
Everyone was traumatized by the black birds. Although they knew that these black birds had fainted, they did not want to stay in them. They desperately tried to get out.
The people floating in the air looked at each other, and their faces showed joy.
In such a short time, the original team of thousands of people was reduced to half …
"What was that sound just now?"
Su Kuan rubbed his ears. He felt that he could not hear clearly.
"I don't know, but it must have a miraculous effect on these black birds," said Luo Zheng.
Birds were extremely sensitive to sound, and some special sounds could indeed make them faint. The people of the Guanshan State had probably done everything they could to fight against the Jinwu.
"Let's go quickly …"
"If these strange birds wake up, I won't be able to escape death."
After experiencing this disaster, they just wanted to get away from this place.
However, at this moment, a few white boats suddenly appeared in the distance.
The flying boats flew from afar at an extremely fast speed. About ten people alighted from the boats. These people were dressed in martial attire and exuded a cold, murderous aura.
Feeling the murderous aura from these people, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. Only people who killed all day could give off such a feeling.
They did not look at Luo Zheng and the others. They took out palm-sized beads from their backs and threw these beads into the small mountain of strange birds.
"Whoosh!"
The fainted black birds immediately turned into a sea of fire. In the blink of an eye, hundreds of thousands of black birds were burned to ashes.
"The Mountain River Fortress is in front. Follow us!"
After one of them said this, they returned to their respective flying boats and sped forward. They did not seem to have any intention of giving them a ride.
Everyone followed closely behind him with sullen expressions on their faces.
They had traveled thousands of miles to the Guanshan State to fight for the human race. Almost half of them had died in the hands of these black birds, but there was not even a word of consolation.
Luo Zheng's expression remained unchanged.
No matter what, they were still alive.
However, judging from the situation, the Guanshan State was much more troublesome than he had imagined.
Although Su Kuan had just walked through the gates of hell, he still remained calm. He lowered his head and seemed to be thinking about something.
After flying for 500 miles, a majestic fortress appeared in front of them.
However, the most attractive thing was not the fortress itself, but the nine giant swords behind the fortress!

Chapter 2744
Soul Catcher Golden Crow
The Mountain River Fortress was the rear of the Human Race in Guanshan Province, so it was heavily guarded.
When the five hundred or so people entered the fortress, they were stopped by a dozen or so armored guards.
The leader of the armored guards pointed at the crowd and said coldly: "All of you, follow me!"
Under the lead of this armored guard, the five hundred or so people were arranged in a spacious drill ground.
"All of you wait here. You are not allowed to cross the red line. Anyone who does will be killed without question!" the armored guard said sternly.
These five hundred or so people had gone through life and death situations to reach the Mountain River Fortress. They didn't expect to be treated like this, so they were somewhat indignant.
"Why?"
"We are working for the Human Race! Are you treating us like prisoners? "
"This is an insult!"
"You want to stop us with just a red line?"
The crowd said indignantly.
Luo Zheng stood in the group and looked at the red line with a strange expression.
It was indeed too much to treat his colleagues like this.
However, the armed guard did not pay any attention to him. He crossed the red line and left.
This action caused the five hundred plus people to become even more restless. Two of them even ignored the guard's words and strode out of the red line with large strides.
Just as these two people crossed the red line, a towering sword erected in the distance suddenly emitted a faint luster, and an invisible force came straight toward them.
This force was so oppressive that it almost suffocated everyone.
Luo Zheng's expression changed, and he retreated like a conditioned reflex. But he remembered the armored guard's warning and only approached the edge of the red line, not leaving it.
"Pu!"
"Pu!"
The two people who had stepped out of the red line were directly killed by an invisible sword ray. Their entire bodies were cut into several pieces.
What was even stranger was that although these two people were killed, not a single drop of blood flowed out!
While everyone was still in a state of shock, a pair of wings extended out from the two men's heads. A three-legged black bird the size of a fist drilled out from the corpses of the two men. It flapped its wings as if it wanted to fly away.
"Pu pu!"
Without any suspense, the invisible force descended once again, and the two little black birds were also chopped into pieces.
"What's going on?!"
"When did these birds get into their heads?!"
"Don't tell me I'm like this too!"
When everyone saw this scene, they were instantly terrified. They were afraid that this kind of bird would drill into their heads as well. Each and every one of them was extremely nervous.
Luo Zheng glanced at Su Kuan subconsciously. Su Kuan smiled at Luo Zheng and said in a relaxed manner, "I'm fine …"
"Yes, those black birds must have drilled in when they covered the ground. It seems that there are quite a lot of them," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
He had a strange feeling just now.
The rules of the Mountain River Fortress were strict, and routine inspections were common. However, there were quite a few people in the crowd who were clamoring, encouraging everyone to walk out of the red line. This was a typical case of seeking one's own death.
However, most of them were still rational. No one dared to cross the red line and become cannon fodder.
Thus, these birds that had burrowed into the brain could only use two people to test the waters first. Naturally, the outcome was what everyone had seen.
The armed guard who had just left turned back. When he saw the broken corpses outside the red line, he sneered and said loudly, "These damn birds have done this more than once or twice. For the sake of safety, I can only inconvenience you brothers!"
After saying that, the armed guard bent down and took out a few divine crystals. He slapped the divine crystals into a jade plate. Within the red line's range, strange patterns appeared on the ground.
Some people in the crowd were a little uneasy. They looked around in panic.
More than a dozen people jumped up and tried to fly away. These people's fates were the same as before. As soon as they escaped the range of the red line, they were killed by the invisible sword aura of the towering sword.
Their bodies were cut into pieces, but there was no blood dripping. These people were also parasitized by the strange birds.
The other dozens of people inside the red line were as anxious as ants on a hot pan. They ran here and there, and their mouths made strange "ga ga" sounds.
Now, even an idiot would know that these people were abnormal. However, in order to avoid suspicion, Luo Zheng and the others did not kill them.
As the red light in the Drill Ground became brighter and brighter, those people suddenly screamed strangely and fell to the ground, motionless …
At this time, the armed guard showed a kind smile and said to Luo Zheng and the others, "Thank you for your hard work. This time, the Jinwu ambushed us from behind. It was really unexpected. We lost so many brothers. It was our negligence!"
As he said that, he showed a sorrowful expression and bowed deeply to the crowd.
"When did these strange birds burrow into their brains? Why didn't they notice it at all?" someone asked.
The armed guard grabbed one of the bird corpses and said, "There are about 50 branches in the Jinwu. Each of them has different talents. The first group that attacked you can explode is called the Exploding Golden Crow, and this one is called the Soul-taming Golden Crow … This little thing has brought us a lot of trouble!"
The Soul-taming Golden Crow could be a parasite without anyone noticing. Not only could it seize all the memories of the other party, but it could also devour the other party's soul and blood.
13 years ago, a Soul-taming Golden Crow lurked in the body of a five-star Tai Yiwei and deliberately issued a wrong command. It directly killed more than 300 Tai Yiwei and indirectly caused an immeasurable loss.
Since then, the Tai Yiwei had been highly vigilant against the Soul-taming Golden Crow. People like Luo Zheng who entered the Mountain River Fortress had to be routinely checked.
"You can report over there." The armed guard pointed to the rear.
Under the guidance of the armed guard, Luo Zheng and the others moved to another part of the fortress. After a round of registration, the people in the fortress checked the information in their tokens one by one.
"You are from Dragon City?" The young man in charge of registration looked at Luo Zheng curiously.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, what's the matter?"
"Nothing." The young man smiled and said, "You can wait over there. You are only assisting in the mission of Jade Cloud City. When the time comes, there will be Tai Yiwei going with you. They will take you away."
The defense of Jade Cloud City mainly relied on Tai Yiwei. Missions that involved Tai Yiwei directly were very difficult. Seeing that Luo Zheng had just entered the Nirvana Realm, the young man naturally felt strange.
Guan Shan Prefecture was not Dragon City. Although the competition in Dragon City was cruel, it was like playing house compared to Guan Shan Prefecture. The bloodshed here was not something that Dragon City could compare to. He could even imagine the scene where Luo Zheng and Su Kuan were scared witless.
Other than Luo Zheng and Su Kuan, there were seven or eight other people waiting at the side.
The mission issued by Tai Yiwei was not only for Dragon City, but also for all the forces under the Heavenly Palace. Those seven or eight people had obviously accepted the same mission as Luo Zheng.
After waiting for about an hour, a young man in military uniform walked in quickly.
The young man in military uniform had a token hanging on his waist with the word "Tai Yiwei" written on it. He was a Tai Yiwei.

Chapter 2745
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Make things difficult
Hearing this, Su Kuan carefully glanced at Luo Zheng.
He didn't mind …
He wasn't strong enough. He just wanted to follow Luo Zheng to Biyun City to take a look and verify his guess. No matter what the result was, he would eventually give up on her.
But it was different for a Banner Lord …
The Alliance Masters of Dragon City had the chance to become a One Star Tai Yiwei.
If Situ Xiu's strength was fully unleashed, he wouldn't be weaker than those Alliance Masters who joined Tai Yiwei.
In theory, a Banner Lord could defeat a One Star Tai Yiwei!
This Tai Yiwei in front of him …
Su Kuan glanced at the Tai Yi token on his waist. A star was engraved at the bottom of the token.
In terms of strength, this guy might not be a match for a Banner Lord. Now that he wanted to remove a Banner Lord, how would a Banner Lord deal with this?
After Tai Yiwei finished his words, he pointed at the other eight people and said, "You guys follow me." He turned around and prepared to leave with his people.
Luo Zheng blinked and said, "Tai Yiwei is carrying out a mission. Isn't it too childish to divide people according to their realms?"
This Tai Yiwei didn't expect Luo Zheng to refute him. He stopped in his tracks and smiled playfully. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "What else? You're a First Level Nirvana Realm genius, and the Heavenly Palace will send you to your death in Mountain View Prefecture? "
In Tai Yiwei's eyes, the reinforcements who came from all directions to Mountain View Prefecture were all cannon fodder.
Most of the Nirvana Realm cultivators only had cultivation. The Nirvana Realm tokens they integrated with were very weak and their combat experience was also very weak.
For example, although this Tai Yiwei was only at Fifth Level Nirvana Realm, he could kill some Sixth Level Nirvana Realm and even Seventh Level Nirvana Realm people.
As for Luo Zheng, a First Level Nirvana brat, he wasn't even worth mentioning.
Why would he be willing to drag these two burdens down with him?
As for the Heavenly Palace, there were a few extremely abnormal geniuses, but would the Heavenly Palace be willing to send such people to the front line? Dream on …
However, this Tai Yiwei was obviously wrong. Luo Zheng was indeed an anomaly.
"I won't leave," Luo Zheng suddenly said, "And according to the rules, you have no right to refuse me."
With that, Luo Zheng raised the token in his hand.
Military orders had to be obeyed. Luo Zheng received the mission according to the token. Tai Yiwei also received people according to the token. Although he looked down on Luo Zheng and Su Kuan, he had no reason to drive them away.
If Luo Zheng refused to back down and reported this matter to the higher-ups, this Tai Yiwei would be severely punished.
Tai Yiwei looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. He grinned and said, "Do you know that if I don't want to, I have ten thousand ways to kill you? Are you sure you want to follow me?"
"I only know that I need to complete the task," Luo Zheng said calmly.
The other eight people also had strange expressions as they stared at Luo Zheng in surprise.
Luo Zheng had obviously angered this Tai Yiwei. The road ahead was bound to be dangerous. A smart person would have chosen to give up long ago. This guy was still clinging onto it. Unless he wanted to die, he was crazy!
"In that case, do as you wish." The Tai Yiwei spread his hands and led the way.
Luo Zheng and the others followed behind him.
This Tai Yiwei casually introduced himself to everyone.
His name was Lin Hui. He was not from Dragon City, but was recommended by the Five Color Black Sword Sect. He passed Tai Yiwei's assessment and became a Tai Yiwei.
Su Kuan transmitted his voice to Luo Zheng, telling Luo Zheng that the sects that belonged to the Heavenly Palace were also qualified to recommend outstanding people to join Tai Yiwei. The Five Color Black Sword Sect was also a large sect in the Center God Province.
"During these days of guarding Jade Cloud City, you only need to do one thing, and that is to listen to my words. You can only live if you do that," Lin Hui warned as he walked.
Everyone was solemn. Only Luo Zheng's steps were light.
After walking for a while in the Mountain River Fortress, several flying boats appeared in front of them. At the same time, several other Tai Yiwei were waiting beside the flying boats. Of course, these Tai Yiwei had also chosen their own followers.
One of the Tai Yiwei whistled to Lin Hui and said with a smile, "Lin Hui, these people assigned to you are quite strong …"
As he said that, he looked at Luo Zheng and Su Kuan intentionally or unintentionally.
Lin Hui smiled bitterly and shrugged helplessly. "I can't help it. I can't even chase them away. I also find it strange that people who have just entered the Nirvana Realm can receive this mission!"
Guarding Jade Cloud City was not the most difficult mission for Tai Yiwei. However, it was one of the most difficult missions in Dragon City.
Other than those Tai Yiwei, the cultivation of the others was at the third or fourth level of the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan were especially eye-catching in the crowd.
Fortunately, these Tai Yiwei only teased them a little. Even Lin Hui quickly ignored them.
These Tai Yiwei gathered together and talked about the battle at the front line of Guanshan Prefecture. After waiting for two hours, one of the Tai Yiwei finally received a notice and ordered everyone to board the flying boat.
With the Heaven and Earth Cage binding them, even the flying boat could not enter the space tunnel. They could only drive the flying boat to maintain a high speed.
Therefore, it took a long time to travel from the Mountain River Fortress to Jade Cloud City.
However, during the flight, they could be attacked by the Jinwu at any time. No one dared to use this time to enter the Nirvana Realm to cultivate. Everyone was fully focused to deal with the danger that could appear at any time.
After four days, the flying boat finally arrived at the destination.
What appeared in front of everyone was a dilapidated city.
At a glance, the entire city was in ruins. Many buildings had collapsed and turned into ruins. Not far away, there were wisps of black smoke rising.
Seeing this scene, Su Kuan suddenly stood up. His state of mind seemed to be a little agitated. There was even a look of pain in his eyes.
Luo Zheng had long seen that Su Kuan had a connection with Jade Cloud City. However, if Su Kuan did not take the initiative to say it, Luo Zheng would not expose him.
As the flying boat slowly descended, the sound of sobbing entered everyone's ears.
At the place where the flying boat landed, there were many old, weak, women, and children around. They squeezed tightly together and begged the Tai Yiwei. They wanted the Tai Yiwei to use the flying boat to take them away from Jade Cloud City.
The originally prosperous Jade Cloud City was now a dangerous city. These people naturally fought to be the first to leave.
These Tai Yiwei did not even look at them. They each led their own people and left separately.
Not long after, Lin Hui brought Luo Zheng and the rest to a corner in the southern part of the city. "You all wait here!" After saying this, he left.
Everyone stood on the city wall and looked outside. They saw corpses piled up like mountains outside the city wall. Their noses also smelled the rotting stench.
"Caw, caw …"
Three to five black Golden Crows hovered in the air. From time to time, they would descend and peck the corpses with their beaks.

Chapter 2746
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Secrets
The few people on the city wall were frightened by the gaze of the Golden Crows.
One of them could not hold it in any longer. He drew his sword, and a ray of sword light shot out!
Poof!
One of the Golden Crows was cut into two. The other Golden Crows flew up, circled in the air, and stopped not far away.
"These birds make people uncomfortable," the person who drew the sword said coldly.
"Of course, they have low intelligence," another person said.
"Since the Jinwu is a big race that can fight against the human race, their intelligence doesn't seem to be high," Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Although these people's cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng, they did not reject Luo Zheng like Lin Hui did. The person who drew the sword laughed and said, "If every Golden Crow had the intelligence of the human race, then the human race would have been destroyed a long time ago."
The human race did not have the talent of the foreign races, and their reproductive ability was not strong. Their only advantage was that every individual had intelligence.
Even mortals, who had no strength to even truss a chicken, were much more intelligent than many powerful non-humankind beings.
In comparison, whether it was the Golden Crows, the Eared Mice, or the countless strange races in the mother world, there were only a few who had intelligence. Most of them relied on their instincts to survive.
"That makes sense," Luo Zheng nodded.
Including Luo Zheng and Su Kuan, there were a total of ten people on the city wall.
After Lin Hui left, the atmosphere became relaxed. They became familiar with each other as they chatted.
The young man who drew the sword earlier was called Lu Qi. He was also from a famous family. It was said that he had already submitted for the Tai Yiwei assessment next year. He came to Guanshan State this time to gain experience.
These Nirvana Realm cultivators naturally had their own reasons for coming to Guanshan State at this time.
"Since Brother Luo Zheng has just stepped into the Nirvana Realm, you can completely stabilize your cultivation in Dragon City. Why did you come to Guanshan State at this time?" Lu Qi asked.
The others also looked over. They were also curious.
"My purpose is the same as Brother Lu. I also want to gain experience," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Then the two of you have to be careful. If you can't beat them, just hide behind us," said a middle-aged man with a chuckle. This middle-aged man was called Lu Hao, and he appeared to be an honest and considerate man.
"Thank you for your concern. We will do what we can," Luo Zheng said.
Su Kuan, who was behind Luo Zheng, Lu Qi Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation, Su Kuan, Translation
Everyone stayed on the city wall for more than two hours before Lin Hui returned with a stack of black metal tokens in his hand. He tossed the tokens to everyone one by one.
Lu Hao took the iron medallion and sized it up before saying, "This medallion can record our contributions?"
Lin Hui glanced at him and said, "This is an identification. Once you die, your body will be pecked by those birds until it's a bloody mess. No one will be able to tell who is who. With this token, we can collect your bodies …"
"This …" Lu Hao was also at a loss for words.
Lin Hui said seriously, "I'm not joking. Not just you guys, even our Tai Yiwei needs to use this thing!"
Halfway through his speech, he glanced at Luo Zheng again, and continued, "The Golden Crows love to invade in the wee hours of the morning. When you hear the sound of the bugle horn, you must be on your guard. If you really can't defeat them, run towards the city." He pointed in a direction to Luo Zheng. "Jade Cloud City has four great formations, one of which is over there. The two of you have too low a cultivation level, so I won't remember you running away from the battle."
This Lin Hui had a bad temper, but he didn't have any bad intentions.
However, after years of fighting on the frontlines and experiencing too many life-and-death situations, most of the Tai Yiwei did not have a good temper.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, who had just entered the Nirvana Realm, only half of these Third Heaven and Fourth Heaven people were left after half a month. It was hard to say whether three of them could survive after a month.
After saying these words, Lin Hui prepared to leave again.
Su Kuan suddenly asked, "Other than guarding this place, are we free to move around?"
Lin Hui looked at Su Kuan strangely and smiled. "This Jade Cloud City is just a dilapidated city. What's there to move around? This half a month is a warning day. After this half a month, you can move around. "
"Understood." Su Kuan nodded.
After Lin Hui left, Luo Zheng asked with True Essence Sound Transmission, "What exactly attracted you to this Jade Cloud City?"
Su Kuan didn't say anything before, so Luo Zheng didn't ask. But now, he felt that it was necessary for him to understand.
Su Kuan hesitated for a while, then said, "Because my cousin Su Youxue is the one who forged Youxue Sword for you. Situ Xiu's Wild Snow Sword was also forged by her bloodline."
"It's like this …"
Luo Zheng suddenly understood why Su Kuan had shown such an expression when he bought Youxue Sword.
Family Su was the artificer world of the Center God Province. People from Family Su were also in charge of Dragon City and the Heavenly Palace. Why would they be involved with Jade Cloud City?
"She should be here," Su Kuan said with certainty. "The Fierce Gale Shadow Clan's bloodline ability can fuse any metal in the world, and a sealing stone was unearthed in Jade Cloud City. The patriarch of our Su Family and the six most powerful artificers in the Heavenly Palace all rushed here … I'm guessing that the Golden Crow Clan's focus on attacking Jade Cloud City is probably also for that sealing stone."
"Sealing Stone? This thing can't be brought back to the Center God Province? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Su Kuan shook his head. Luo Zheng was a layman in the art of artificing. "The Sealing Stone hangs alone between heaven and earth. Once it appears, it can't be moved. If it's taken away by force, it will disappear on its own. So, it can only be refined on the spot."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "There's such a magical thing in the world?"
"Of course," Su Kuan smiled. "Using the Sealing Stone to refine a first-rate Nirvana Dao Treasure that can even compare to some third-rate Innate Dao Treasures. It's said that the Heavenly Palace attaches great importance to this matter."
Su Kuan had heard this news from his uncle.
Su Youxue had a good relationship with Su Kuan since she was young. Her bloodline was also a once-in-ten-thousand-years opportunity for the Family Su. However, the bloodline of the Fierce Gang Shadow Clan was not suitable for cultivation. It was very suitable for artificing. All these years, the Family Su had exploited Su Youxue without restraint and contributed dozens of Nirvana Dao Treasures to the Heavenly Palace. The Family Su's position in the Heavenly Palace was also rising steadily.
And this time, the Family Su actually chose Su Youxue to refine a first-rate Nirvana Dao Treasure. It was an existence that was second only to Innate Dao Treasures. Su Kuan was faintly worried. In order to refine such a treasure, the Family Su might sacrifice Su Youxue's life!
In the Family Su, there were many cases of people sacrificing their own lives as a sacrifice for a treasure. Some people sacrificed themselves voluntarily, hoping to use their life's efforts to create a peerless heavenly weapon. Some people were forced to do so.
Su Youxue was obviously the latter.
"Using the life of your own descendant to refine a treasure, isn't your Family Su too much?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Su Kuan smiled bitterly.

Chapter 2747
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Invasion
Even though the human race had powerful beings like the East Emperor and Shennong, they still had a strong sense of crisis facing the non-humankind.
Such sacrifices were common in order to continue the race.
"But even if you follow her to Jade Cloud City, what's the use?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan's eyes were filled with sadness as he shook his head. "I know it's useless. I just want to see her …"
Luo Zheng sighed. "After the alert day, I'll accompany you to take a look."
For the next few days, Luo Zheng and the others were stationed on this section of the city wall in the south.
Lin Hui said that if the Jinwu attacked, there would be a long sound of a horn. But after a few days, there was no sound of a horn, and everyone gradually let down their guard.
Lu Hao took the initiative to suggest that he be the sentry so that the others could use the time to cultivate. After all, guarding here was not a solution.
So the others sat cross-legged on the ground and sneaked into the other shore to cultivate.
Luo Zheng also took this opportunity to find a corner, set up a boundary, and sent his physical body to the other shore.
His soul had already reached the other shore, but his physical body was still in the six-segment line of the Sea of True Intent.
It was much easier for the corporeal body to swim in the Sea of True Intent as compared to the True Intent boat. After crossing the six-segment line, the blood-red seawater was boiling in Luo Zheng's eyes, but he was naturally able to withstand the high temperature.
Luo Zheng used his soul to reach the other shore and spent almost half a year in Dragon City, but his physical body was much faster.
It only took him six days to swim from the six-segment line to the nine-segment line.
There were many True Intent boats in the nine-segment line. When Luo Zheng's physical body appeared, it immediately caused a commotion.
"Someone is swimming in the sea!"
"I heard that, but they thought I was making it up. I didn't expect this person to have reached the nine-segment line!"
"God, this guy is not afraid of the corrosion of the Sea of True Intent. How strong is he?"
Some people from the major forces even drove the True Intent boats to follow Luo Zheng and offered Luo Zheng an olive branch.
"Friend, may I know where you are? Our Extreme Heaven Alliance is willing to recruit you and give you the best treatment …"
"I'm the eldest disciple of Eight Feet Mountain. If you don't belong to any faction, I can recommend …"
"I am from the You Xiong Clan …"
Hearing the name You Xiong Clan, Luo Zheng sized him up. His Jiuli Clan had a deep grudge against this clan.
But after all, this person was innocent and didn't do anything that crossed the line. Luo Zheng restrained his impulse and swam away.
Usually, thousands of people would gather to break through to the Nirvana Realm. Today was obviously not a good day to break through to the Nirvana Realm, but Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't consider it.
Under the gazes of these true gods of the nine-dash line, Luo Zheng swam towards the opposite shore alone.
The surface of the huge waves was covered with raging flames that swept over wave after wave.
Although these flames were fierce, Luo Zheng could easily avoid them by diving into the sea.
"It seems that it's easier to cross to the Nirvana Realm with the physical body than with the soul. I wonder if this is the reason why the physical body is sealed?" Luo Zheng guessed.
Four hours later, Luo Zheng's physical body finally rushed to the other shore and stood on the reddish-gold beach.
Now that he was on the other shore, he remembered the Sky Sunflower Temple.
He still had a Paramita Key in his possession that could open the Sky Sunflower Temple. During his last exploration, he remembered that there was a crack at the top of the Sky Sunflower Temple. Putting aside the possibility of what was hidden behind the crack,
According to Ling Shuang, the stones in the Sky Sunflower Temple were very good Nirvana Tokens. Maybe he could tear down a part of the temple and sell it for Soul Elixirs …
Just as Luo Zheng was about to put this idea into practice, he suddenly felt his boundary being touched.
Before he started cultivating, he had made a promise with Su Kuan.
Once the Jinwu attacked, Su Kuan would activate the boundary he had set up. This way, he would be able to wake up immediately. In the face of a great enemy, there was still a certain risk in cultivating.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and left the other shore.
When he opened his eyes, he heard the sound of a bugle horn. "Woo, woo."
Luo Zheng removed the barrier, and with a leap, he was already standing on the city wall.
The others looked as if they were facing a great enemy as they looked into the distance.
In the distance, dark clouds covered the sky and countless black Golden Crows gathered together. Countless strange cries came from afar, as if thousands of demons were whispering, making people feel irritated and uneasy.
"There are so many of them, how can we defend against them?" Lu Hao said with a sad face.
He originally thought that Biyun City was a small city and would not be the focus of the Jinwu. Now, it seemed that his judgment was in the opposite direction.
"It shouldn't be a big problem," Lu Qi said with a serious expression. "Biyun City doesn't rely on us. We just need to defend this area …"
There were many Tai Yiwei in Biyun City, and there were probably many five-star Tai Yiwei among them.
The higher-ups of the Heavenly Palace were not fools. If there was no possibility of defending Biyun City, they would not really sacrifice these people's lives.
"They're coming …" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
The dark clouds in the distance suddenly dispersed and moved toward Biyun City.
Because the dark clouds were too large, they looked slow, but in fact, the Golden Crows flew extremely fast.
"Whoosh …"
When the dark clouds were twenty to thirty miles away from Biyun City, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a majestic aura behind him.
Four huge pillars of light suddenly appeared in Biyun City, and within these pillars of light, small white swords appeared. These small swords soared into the sky and converged into a torrent, intertwining with each other and shooting out in all directions.
"Wow!" Lu Qi exclaimed. "It's the Myriad Serene Sword Formation. With so many Serene Swords shooting out at once, the number of Divine Crystals consumed must be astronomical …"
As an orthodox Sword Sect, the Heavenly Palace naturally had various powerful sword formations, and this Myriad Serene Sword Formation was one of them.
However, this kind of sword formation consumed a terrifying amount of Divine Crystals. Shooting out at once like this would consume hundreds of millions of Divine Crystals.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
It was still early in the morning, and the sky was dark.
As the densely packed small white swords swept across the sky, the light they emitted illuminated the world.
In a few breaths' time, the small white swords had already charged toward the Jinwu.
At this moment, the sky seemed to have turned into a canvas. The small white swords and the black Golden Crows became two different colors, intertwining and eroding each other.
In just a moment, the area of the "dark clouds" began to shrink rapidly. Countless black dots fell from the sky like raindrops, and bird corpses were densely packed on the ground.

Chapter 2748
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
What a coincidence.
A round of simultaneous attacks from the Myriad Sealer Sword Array had killed ninety percent of the Golden Crows in the "dark cloud."
The remaining Golden Crows had quickly scattered, carrying the stench of blood as they rushed toward Jade Cloud City from all directions.
"They're here!" Lu Qi's eyes were filled with excitement. "Be careful, you two! If you can't handle it, hide under the city walls! "
The two little ones he was referring to were naturally Luo Zheng and Su Kuan.
Luo Zheng gripped his longsword in his hand, his expression indifferent, as if he was noncommittal.
Su Kuan, on the other hand, was a little nervous. It was a little difficult for him to participate in a battle of this level.
"Caw caw …"
Most of the Golden Crows flew directly into Jade Cloud City. Only a small portion attacked the people on the city walls, but even so, there were more than ten thousand Golden Crows!
"Whoosh!"
Lu Qi suddenly pulled out a double-edged longsword. The surface of the longsword shone like a gem, and it was extremely sharp.
"Good sword! This is a second-grade Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasure, right? "Lu Hao, who was not far away, looked envious.
Lu Qi chuckled, looking pleased with himself. It was a tacit acknowledgment.
He had paid a hefty price to obtain this second-grade Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasure.
"Maple Forest Sword Path!"
Lu Qi's eyes shone brightly, and maple leaf-shaped light spots floated around him. As he shook his longsword, the bright red maple leaves turned into arcs and quickly swept toward the sky!
These maple leaf-shaped sword rays were extremely sharp, and any Golden Crows that were caught in the path of the sword were all cut up.
"Good technique!"
Lu Hao praised. Unwilling to be outdone, he abruptly swung his sword.
"Coiling Dragon Slash!"
Snake-shaped sword rays sped toward the sky, piercing through hundreds of Golden Crows with one slash.
"Brother Lu's Coiling Dragon Sword Technique is so skillful. It's admirable!" Lu Qi said in surprise.
The others also used their own sword techniques. These people dared to come to the Mountain State, so they were indeed not weak.
However, when Su Kuan heard them flattering each other, he rolled his eyes one after another.
In terms of strength, Su Kuan's cultivation was lower than these people, but he was not much weaker. As for the Banner Lord … It was still uncertain whether these people could take a blow from the Banner Lord.
In comparison, Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Art.
He stood steadily on the city wall, unmoving like a mountain, holding an ordinary longsword in his hand.
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng. Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, and Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng Luo, Luo Translation is Luo Luo, Luo Translation Luo the Luo.
Luo Luo Luo, Luo Luo Translation Translation Luo Luo Translation Translation Translation translation of Luo Luo 'Translation translation translation Luo, Luo Translation, Luo Luo Luo Luo was Hand Luo Luo, Luo Luo
Luo With, That Luo Zhang with Luo, Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Luo Luo, That was Luo Luo Luo
'As expected of Lord Banner Master. He doesn't need to be in the limelight at all. All he needs to do is silently make up for the mistakes of others …' Su Kuan sighed in his heart.
However, in the eyes of the others, Luo Zheng was a typical example of someone who was not strong enough.
They did not even distinguish the sword technique Luo Zheng Art. They only felt that the speed of his sword was very strange. However, that was it. It was fast, but the power was still lacking …
Facing the first wave of attacks from the Jinwu, the crowd did not feel much pressure.
These Golden Crows were probably the most ordinary type of Jinwu. They were not like the Explosive Golden Crows and the Soul-Sucking Golden Crows, which each had their own abilities.
After five minutes, the number of black Golden Crows became fewer and fewer. The crowd was also more relaxed.
"With the help of the four great arrays in the city, it will be easy to protect Jade Cloud City." Lu Hao chuckled.
Before the Jinwu attacked, Lu Hao, who was very nervous, was completely relaxed now.
"I'm afraid it's not that simple," Lu Qi suddenly said as he stared ahead.
Not far away, the Golden Crows were still flying towards the city wall. When they were still a few hundred feet away from the city wall, a golden light suddenly flashed.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The originally black Golden Crow's body suddenly emitted bits of golden light.
Their flying speed suddenly increased by a hundred times!
Before the crowd could blink, the golden light had already shot towards them!
"Be careful!"
"Retreat!"
Lu Qi was shocked and gave a warning.
Seeing the golden light coming towards him, one of the people on the city wall instinctively leaned back.
Although he managed to avoid the fatal blow, his chest was still torn to shreds, and he fell down from the city wall.
The others jumped down from the city wall and looked nervously at the golden light in the sky.
"It's the Golden Crows!"
"These Golden Crows have blade-like wings and are extremely fast. They have spiritual intelligence and are extremely cunning. If you are not careful, you will be cut open!"
"Lean against the city wall and don't expose yourself!"
The golden light was too fast. It was almost impossible to catch their trajectory with the naked eye.
Seeing that the crowd was not their match, Su Kuan was the smartest. He chose to stay beside Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng could not kill these Golden Crows, the others would not be able to either.
The Golden Crows were very smart. They knew that they would not have a chance to kill these people with their full attention, so they circled in the sky at high speed, looking for an opportunity.
The two sides confronted each other like this for a while. Suddenly, Luo Zheng heard a crack from the city wall.
"Not good …"
As soon as his voice fell, he saw a big hole appear in the stomach of one of the people leaning against the city wall. A golden light penetrated his stomach and a hole appeared in the wall behind him.
The Golden Crows had penetrated the city wall and attacked from behind.
"Damn it!"
Lu Qi grabbed the man and rushed forward.
Everyone knew that the city wall was unreliable and retreated.
At this time, the Golden Crows circling in the sky also moved. They turned into golden lights and flew over.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
But everyone was still in a panic. How could they deal with it?
Lu Hao, Lu Qi, and the others gritted their teeth and slashed at the sky several times. But whether it was the Maple Forest Sword Path or the Coiling Dragon Sword Manual, they could not block the Golden Crows' flight path. Not a single one hit …
The golden light arrived in the blink of an eye. Just as everyone's expression changed, a white sword light suddenly shot out.
"Pa!"
The sword light accurately hit a golden escape light, and the golden escape light was directly destroyed by the sword light.
Before Lu Qi and the others could react, a second white sword light shot out.
"Pa!"
Another golden escape light disappeared under the white sword light.
Only then did Lu Qi, Lu Hao, and the others realize that it was Luo Zheng who attacked. He stood behind everyone with his legs together and his long sword held horizontally. His expression was calm.
Brewing, sword, brewing, sword again …
There was not the slightest panic on his face. Everything was done in an orderly manner.
The Golden Crows seemed to be bewitched. They lined up and crashed into Luo Zheng's sword light. It was a coincidence.
"How could this be …" Lu Qi's mouth opened slightly.

Chapter 2749
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Refining Array
In the eyes of Lu Hao, Lu Qi, and the others, Luo Zheng's sword movements were not fast.
They could even be described as slow, with each strike taking a breath's time.
However, each strike was precise down to a hair's breadth.
It looked like a mechanical puppet. It was neither fast nor slow. It only followed the prescribed order and stepped on a precise rhythm.
However, their efficiency was frightening!
Every single Golden Crow that descended from the sky would accurately collide with his sword aura. It was as if they were possessed.
In ten breaths' time, Luo Zheng had killed ten Golden Crows.
These Golden Crows were not brainless idiots. Their thinking was as flexible as a human's.
After losing ten of their companions, they finally felt afraid.
"Caw caw caw caw …"
The remaining Golden Crows exchanged a few words with each other, then spiraled up and fled …
The originally panicked crowd stared at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster when they saw the fleeing golden lights.
Only then did they remember Luo Zheng's actions on the city wall.
Luo Zheng stood on the city wall, stabbing out with his sword, neither fast nor slow.
However, every strike of his was done with a thought. None of the scattered Golden Crows landed on the city wall. They were all blocked outside the city wall by Luo Zheng!
"Luo Zheng, how did you do it …" Lu Hao stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng twirled the long sword in his hand a few times. Then, with a flash of light, he stuffed it back into his spatial ring. He smiled and said, "It's fine as long as you concentrate. Their speed is fast, but there are still traces to follow."
Luo Zheng said it casually, but how could the crowd believe Luo Zheng's words?
Lu Qi's eyes flashed as he stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Your state just now seems to be the Heart Flow Sword Sect's method!"
"Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
After fighting with that youth called Mo Yijian, Luo Zheng also understood the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
He also realized that the Heart Flow Sword was very similar to the Emotion Severing Divine Dao in certain aspects. If possible, he would indeed develop in the direction of the Heart Flow Sword.
"Yes! I've heard that the Heart Flow Sword Sect can turn themselves into swords. Their every move is instinctive, and they can display their strongest techniques under any circumstances … "Lu Qi nodded.
"I'm afraid I still have a long way to go." Luo Zheng shook his head with a smile.
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng was just being modest.
However, Luo Zheng's move not only saved these people's lives, but also changed their impression of Luo Zheng.
This kid is definitely not as simple as he looks!
Lu Hao, in particular, blushed when he recalled that he had told Luo Zheng and the others to hide behind him.
"What should we do now?" someone asked.
Lu Qi thought for a moment, then said, "Stay here. This is Lord Lin Hui's order."
These people were Tai Yiwei's subordinates.
Naturally, they had to obey Lin Hui's orders. If they disobeyed, they would also be punished.
The most troublesome Golden Crows had been repelled by Luo Zheng, and everyone's mood had calmed down. Lu Qi also helped the two injured Nirvana Realm cultivators to treat their wounds. Lu Hao and the others also returned to the city wall.
The southern corner of the city where Luo Zheng and the others were guarding was not important. It was also not the main target of Jinwu's attack. The real pressure was the four million Serene Sealing Sword Formation located in the city.
The sound of swords humming could be heard from afar. There were also the strange cries of Golden Crows.
The battle in Biyun City lasted for most of the night. When the sun rose, the Jinwu finally retreated. At this time, Lin Hui finally rushed over.
Lin Hui's face was pale. There were some small wounds on his body, and his armor was also damaged.
He looked at the people on the city wall with a strange look in his eyes.
All ten of them were unscathed, and only two of them were injured?
The battle in the wee hours could be considered the fiercest attack of the Golden Crow Clan in recent times. Many of the Tai Yi Guards had died.
The Nirvana Realm cultivators on the city wall suffered heavy losses. Some of Tai Yiwei's subordinates were directly killed. Not a single one was left alive!
Lin Hui thought of Luo Zheng and Su Kuan. This time, Jinwu had sent many Golden Crows. These two ignorant fellows should not be able to escape, right? Unexpectedly, the two of them acted as if nothing had happened.
"Are you … okay?" Lin Hui asked.
Lu Kui cupped his fists towards Lin Hui and said, "Sir Lin Hui, the Golden Crow Tribe was extremely savage last night. We had to use all our strength to defeat them …"
"Well done." Lin Hui nodded at Lu Qi.
Lin Hui also knew that there were probably one or two powerful experts hidden among these people. The most likely ones were Lu Qi and Lu Hao. He felt that their strength was not bad at first sight. The Nirvana Realm tokens that they had fused with were also extraordinary.
Then, Lin Hui said something that made everyone's heart beat faster. "I know that you came all the way to Guan Shan State to accumulate merits and join Tai Yiwei. If you can make great contributions here, with my recommendation, you may be able to join Tai Yiwei directly. Do your best!"
Merits were needed to be promoted to the leader of the alliance. Merits were also needed to participate in the Tai Yiwei assessment. However, the goal was to become a Tai Yiwei.
To be able to become a Tai Yiwei in Guan Shan State was like reaching the sky in a single step.
In the future, when these people returned to their own families and clans, their status would be extraordinary!
"After Jinwu attacked, the alert day was lifted. You don't have to stay here for the time being. You can receive ten Divine Gems with the tokens that I gave you." Lin Hui turned and left after he finished speaking.
After such a large-scale attack, Jinwu would not launch a second attack. However, Lu Qi and the others did not intend to leave. They chose to sit down and cultivate.
Hearing that they could move freely, Su Kuan's heart skipped a beat. He looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Master Banner Leader, I want to take a look!"
Perhaps Su Youxue was already dead. However, before he saw her again, Su Kuan would not give up.
Luo Zheng patted Su Kuan's shoulder and said, "I'll go with you!"
The two of them passed through the south of the city. Along the way, they saw dilapidated buildings.
Messy feathers and bird corpses could be seen everywhere on the ground. Some of the Golden Crows were red and taller than a person. These three-legged Golden Crows were not weak. They were probably the main force of Jinwu.
Fortunately, these red Golden Crows did not attack the south of the city last night.
Amidst the broken tiles and ruined walls, the sobbing sounds of women and children could be heard. Although the Golden Crow Clan had targeted the four great formations, Jade Cloud City had still suffered considerable losses. Many people had died from an undeserved calamity.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows when he saw the miserable scene.
A war between races was even more terrifying than a war between humans. There was no mercy to speak of between two different races. There was only a battle to the death.
After arriving in the city, several light green lights suddenly appeared in front of them. These lights contained a powerful energy aura.

Chapter 2750
Family Su's Fifth Uncle
The two of them walked forward for a while, and a wall that was more than ten feet high appeared in front of them.
Around the wall, Tai Yiwei dressed in martial attire stood erect. Their expressions were unusually solemn as they patrolled back and forth.
Just as Su Kuan was about to approach, one of the Tai Yiwei stepped forward and blocked the two of them.
"This is an important area protected by formations. Ordinary people are not allowed to approach," the Tai Yiwei said in a stiff manner.
Su Kuan could only retreat with Luo Zheng.
The two of them circled around the wall, and no matter which direction they went, they were tightly blocked by the wall.
When those Tai Yiwei weren't paying attention, Su Kuan even tried to use his Divine Sense to probe. However, just as his Divine Sense was about to climb over the wall, a yellow light screen flashed on the surface of the wall, blocking his Divine Sense outside. This action even attracted the scolding of one of the Tai Yiwei.
"Let's go take a look at other places …" Su Kuan shrugged his shoulders.
The degree of damage to the buildings in the center of Jade Cloud City was relatively light. Some of the buildings were temporarily requisitioned for the use of Jade Cloud City's soldiers.
Some people even opened a market square here to trade some necessities.
The two of them strolled around aimlessly. Most of the things they bought in the market square were long swords of various standards, as well as scattered runes and some unidentifiable ores.
Su Kuan was able to identify them one by one. However, the quality of these things were not presentable, so Luo Zheng naturally had no interest in buying them.
However, when they turned a corner, they heard a shout coming from ahead.
"The World's Most Famous Swords Come From Family Su. Everyone, don't miss this opportunity …"
Not far away, a bar-browed middle-aged man had three long swords stuck in front of him. A layer of faint green light floated on the surface of the three long swords, and a luxurious gem was embedded in each of the swords. At first glance, the three swords were all of extraordinary quality. They were peerless swords!
When Su Kuan saw this middle-aged man, his eyes suddenly lit up.
"You know him?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, that's …" Su Kuan stammered, "My fifth uncle …"
Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Since your Fifth Uncle is here, we can ask him for some information. As an elder of the Family Su, he should know something, right?"
Seeing Su Kuan's expression, Luo Zheng felt a bit strange.
"This Fifth Uncle is also unreliable in my Family Su …" Su Kuan gritted his teeth and said, "Look at those broken swords he sold …"
Su Kuan's Fifth Uncle was called Su Youqi. He was talented since he was a child, but he liked to play tricks and often caused trouble. The whole Family Su was worried about him.
After Su Youqi became an adult, he didn't make any progress. When he ran out of divine crystals, he would resort to swindling others.
Family Su's miraculous skill in refining tools had been completely deceived by him.
The three swords in front of him were all ordinary items. They couldn't even be classified as Third-Rate Mystique Venerable Level Dao Treasures.
However, when he was refining them, he would inject all sorts of unknown runes and some unpopular gadgets into the swords. He would forcefully elevate these ordinary items to a higher level.
Once, he had sold an unclassified longsword for the price of a First-Rate Mystique Venerable Level Dao Treasure. It was worth more than ten million divine crystals. Moreover, he had sold it to a young master of a big family in the Center God Province.
This kind of thing could be deceived for a while, but it couldn't be deceived forever.
When that young master took out that longsword to show off, he was seen through immediately. Therefore, he brought the elders of the family to the Family Su to denounce him.
In the end, the Family Su could only compensate him …
As for Su Youqi's divine crystals, he had already lost them all.
Although Su Kuan looked down on Fifth Uncle, after wandering around Jade Cloud City for such a long time, he really did find someone from the Family Su. Now, he could only count on him.
Su Kuan and Luo Zheng walked forward. Fifth Uncle didn't even look to see who it was. He began to peddle fluently, "My two friends, the Family Su's famous swords are famous in the Center God Province. These three longswords are the painstaking work of the head of the Family Su. To tell you the truth …"
Before Fifth Uncle could finish, Su Kuan interrupted him. "Fifth Uncle, it's me!"
Only then did Su Youqi raise his head to size up Su Kuan. His face revealed a shocked expression. "Su Kuan? Why are you in Jade Cloud City? Aren't you in Dragon City? "
Su Kuan laughed dryly. "I can also come out to earn merits in Dragon City."
"Come to Jade Cloud City to earn merits? Aren't you afraid of death? "Su Youqi's expression became serious.
He had stayed in Jade Cloud City for quite some time. After all, he came with the Family Su and had Tai Yiwei's strict protection.
However, the soldiers guarding Jade Cloud City had all died tragically. Su Kuan was being reckless!
Back then, Su Kuan's father didn't allow Su Kuan to go to Dragon City. Because of this, the father and son had a huge dispute. If his father knew about this, he would probably fly into a rage.
Su Kuan was very respectful towards the elders of the Family Su. He wasn't afraid of this Fifth Uncle.
He avoided this topic and stared at Fifth Uncle. "Fifth Uncle, where is Youxue?"
"Why are you asking this?" Su Youqi waved his hand. "I don't know anything. Don't block me from selling!"
He didn't even look at Su Kuan. He actually continued to shout.
"Fifth Uncle! Fifth Uncle … "
No matter how Su Kuan called out, Fifth Uncle ignored him. It was as if Su Kuan was air.
Just as Su Kuan was feeling disappointed, a cold voice suddenly sounded. "Old man! What kind of trash did you sell me yesterday?! "
Not far away, three Tai Yiwei dressed in martial attire came over aggressively. The leader was a three-star Tai Yiwei.
He held a few pieces of a broken sword in his hand. Looking at the quality of the broken sword, it was obviously sold by Su Youqi.
This three-star Tai Yiwei really thought that he had bought a Mystique Venerable Grade treasure. He thought that he had gotten a great deal and flaunted it in front of his colleagues. The longsword actually broke, so he came looking for them!
When Su Youqi saw this, he hurriedly put on a smile. "My friends, let's talk nicely. I …"
"Swoosh!"
These Tai Yiwei were all hot-tempered. The three-star Tai Yiwei grabbed the longsword in front of Su Youqi and slashed it. A sword mark that was several feet deep slashed across his body. Then, the extraordinary longsword in his hand suddenly broke into several pieces.
"Using this kind of imitation to trick our Old Man Fan …"
"You've got guts!"
The leader Tai Yiwei threw the broken sword in front of Su Youqi and sneered at the same time. "I know you're from the Family Su. I won't make things difficult for you. Spit out the 300,000 Divinity Crystals that I paid you yesterday."
It was normal for someone to pay for the counterfeit goods. However, Su Youqi smiled bitterly. "I've already lost all the Divinity Crystals from yesterday. I really don't have any money on hand!"
"Then what do you think we should do?" The three-star Tai Yiwei stared at Su Youqi and said, "Should I go to the Family Su directly, or do you want to gather the money now?"
The bitter smile on Su Youqi's face deepened. With his reputation, how could he gather a few hundred thousand Divinity Crystals? If the Family Su found out, it would be even more troublesome …
Under the stares of the Tai Yiwei, Su Youqi became anxious. He regretted that he should have hidden after he succeeded yesterday. He did not think that he would be exposed so soon.
At this moment, Luo Zheng and Su Kuan looked at each other. Luo Zheng understood Su Kuan's thoughts and nodded at him.

Chapter 2751
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Seal Stone Sign
Su Youqi was still thinking about how to get away with this, but he couldn't take out the godly crystals right now.
When he heard Su Kuan's words, he was surprised. "Su Kuan … where did you get the godly crystals?"
Fifth Uncle knew that Su Kuan had cut off all his sources of income after fighting with his father.
"Don't worry about that. I only have one request. Tell me about Su Youxue's situation," Su Kuan said coldly. "If you don't agree, these Tai Yiwei brothers won't be easy to talk to."
The Tai Yiwei brothers sneered. If Su Youqi didn't spit out the godly crystals today, he would lose a layer of skin.
Su Youqi hesitated for a moment, but he realized that this was the only thing he could do, so he nodded.
However, he was still doubtful about whether Su Kuan could take out a few hundred thousand godly crystals.
"Banner Lord, please," Su Kuan said.
Luo Zheng flipped his hand, and his Sumeru Ring flashed. A pile of godly crystals appeared in front of everyone.
The Tai Yiwei brothers didn't hesitate. They took the godly crystals and left.
After the crisis was resolved, Su Youqi's expression returned to normal.
Su Kuan obviously didn't plan to let Fifth Uncle go. He stared at him and asked, "Youxue, is she okay?"
Su Youqi hesitated for a moment, then said calmly, "Her bloodline has been overly squeezed. She hasn't woken up in the past few days …"
"They really did that." Su Kuan's expression turned cold. When he thought of Su Youxue's pale face, his heart ached.
"I'm afraid my brothers won't let her go until they squeeze her to death." Su Youqi also let out a long sigh.
The Su Family's Weapon Refiners were all very cold-blooded. In order to refine a Divine Weapon, they were willing to pay any price. Although Fifth Uncle was a good-for-nothing, he was also an exception in this aspect. He did not approve of the Su Family's actions.
"Can't it be delayed for a few days?" Su Kuan asked.
If the bloodline was completely drained, the body would eventually wither.
If given enough time, Su Youxue could take more Life Blood Spirit Pills, it could be remedied.
"Jinwu's army is pressing against us. Time is of the essence, and we can't move the stone away. What else can we do but sacrifice her?" Su Youqi shook his head and said.
Whatever Su Kuan could think of, Family Su could naturally think of as well.
"Let me talk to my father!" Su Kuan's eyes were resolute.
"Are you crazy? If your father finds out that you're here, he won't let you off the hook, "Su Youqi said." I advise you to return to Dragon City as soon as possible. This is not a place where you can come to! "
"Take me there! Otherwise, pay me back three hundred thousand Divinity crystals! "
Su Kuan's words made Su Youqi choke. Where would he get the divine crystals to return to Su Kuan?
Su Youqi thought for a while and said, "I can let you take a look, but you can only take a look. You can't make a big deal out of it. How about that?"
In the face of Fifth Uncle's condition, Su Kuan could only agree.
Therefore, Su Youqi put away the long sword in front of him and led Su Kuan and Luo Zheng to the center of the city.
On the way, Su Kuan said to Luo Zheng via True Yuan Voice Transmission, "Banner Lord, I'll return the divine crystals to you even if I have to work like a horse …"
Three hundred thousand Divinity crystals was a small amount for Luo Zheng, but Su Kuan could not afford it in a short time.
"Don't worry about this little amount of divine crystals," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Although Su Kuan had only joined him for a short period of time, he had put in a lot of effort in many things. Moreover, he relied on the Sword Comprehension Liquid, which was a profitable business. A few hundred thousand Divinity crystals was nothing to him. If other disciples of the academy needed divine crystals, Luo Zheng would not hesitate at all, let alone Su Kuan.
Su Kuan did not reply. He was silent all the way.
After a while, Su Youqi brought the two of them back to the city wall.
In the face of the Tai Yiwei's obstruction, Su Youqi showed a token, and the Tai Yiwei immediately let them pass.
However, before entering the gate, Luo Zheng saw a magic array formed by red lines. This magic array should be used to prevent the Soul-absorbing Golden Crows from seizing a person's shell.
After entering the high wall, Luo Zheng saw a few green light pillars erected not far away!
In the center of the light pillars was a black square stone.
Although this stone was floating in the air, at first glance, it seemed to be absolutely still. It was as if it was not floating in the air, but should have appeared in this space. It looked very magical. This should be the Sealing Stone that Su Kuan mentioned.
"After so many years, another Sealing Stone has appeared. Hehe, I'm afraid there's not much time left …" Suddenly, the voice of 9527 sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"What do you mean there's not much time left?" Luo Zheng asked.
However, 9527 did not answer this question. It only said, "I just don't know what kind of Nirvana Realm token is hidden in this Sealing Stone …"
"Even you are interested in this thing?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
All these years, nothing could catch the eye of 9527. It did not even show any interest in the Sword of Tengshe.
According to Su Kuan, this Sealing Stone could only be used to refine a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure. Although it was said to be comparable to a third-rate Innate Realm treasure, Luo Zheng was skeptical of this statement.
"I'm interested in this thing, but it has nothing to do with what it can be refined. This Sealing Stone is only used to refine weapons. In fact, it's a sign," 9527 answered.
"What sign?" Luo Zheng was a little confused.
"You can think of it as a timer. It's a grain of sand that falls from the hourglass of time. It's a sign from order to chaos," 9527 continued.
"Can you explain it more clearly?"
"No."
"Okay …"
Luo Zheng shook his head. It was not the first time that 9527 was so mysterious.
The three of them walked around the huge Nine Edges Refining Array. For a while, a simple building appeared in front of them.
Su Youqi took the lead to enter and then retreated. He waved at Luo Zheng and Su Kuan and whispered at the same time, "You should leave after taking a look. If your father knows about this, you will be in trouble, and so will Fifth Uncle!"
Su Kuan and Luo Zheng also sneaked in quietly. In the corner of the room, they saw a small blood-colored Talisman Array. In the center of this Talisman Array lay a woman in white.
This woman in white had a beautiful face. She had a simple and quiet appearance. However, her face was as pale as paper, and her breath of life was very weak. It was obvious that she had lost a lot of blood.
Following a flash of crimson light from the formation, round beads of blood began to peel off from her body.
"There's snow!"
Seeing this, Su Kuan suddenly took a few steps forward and wanted to pounce.
Seeing this, Su Youqi grabbed Su Kuan and growled in a low voice, "You're crazy!"
"There's snow in this state, and you're still squeezing her blood. You're the crazy ones!" Su Kuan's eyes were red. He clenched his fist and said angrily.

Chapter 2752
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Conflict in the house
Su Kuan choked at Fifth Uncle's words.
The security here was so tight. Not to mention the Family Su, there were also so many Tai Yiwei.
So what if he found Su Youxue? He couldn't even speak to her, let alone take her away.
"Both of Youxue's parents died after she was born. Fifth Uncle's heart aches for her to end up like this. What can we do?" Su Youqi sighed. "You should leave first. Yesterday, Jade Cloud City blocked another wave of Jinwu's attack. Perhaps we can take a breather …"
Ever since Su Kuan's father took over as the head of the Family Su, he pursued an iron-blooded policy. Everyone in the Family Su was willing to sacrifice themselves for the family.
However, the Family Su didn't want Su Youxue to die unless it was absolutely necessary. After all, she was the purest descendant of the Family Su.
"But …"
Su Kuan couldn't accept that there was nothing he could do now that he was already here.
Just then, the door was suddenly pushed open.
A group of three people came in.
The three of them were dressed in white. On the shoulder of their clothes was a pattern of flames and a sword. That was the Family Su's emblem.
The leader was a middle-aged man with broad eyes and long brows. His gaze was deep.
The three of them were slightly stunned when they saw someone in the building. The leader saw Su Youqi first and scolded, "Fifth Brother, what are you doing here …"
Halfway through his sentence, the middle-aged man saw Su Kuan. The shock in his eyes intensified. At the same time, a sharp glint appeared in his eyes. "Su Kuan! What are you doing here? "
The middle-aged man was Su Kuan's father, Su Yu-jin.
If it was in the past, Su Kuan would be extremely fearful and submissive when he met his father.
However, Su Kuan straightened his neck and said fearlessly, "I'm here to take Su Youxue away! She doesn't need to sacrifice her life for our Family Su! "
This father and son had originally quarreled over Su Kuan's decision to go to Dragon City. After successfully refining this sealing stone, he would naturally bring Su Kuan back home and discipline him properly. He had not expected that Su Kuan would run over to Jade Cloud City of his own accord, and actually rebuke him, his father.
"Haha … You don't have to sacrifice yourself for your Family Su? What do you think the Family Su relied on to reach this point? It relied on the efforts and sacrifices of thousands of Family Su members. Otherwise, who do you think you are? I'm afraid you won't even be able to enter Dragon City! "Su Yu-jin said coldly.
Over the years, the Family Su's position in the Heavenly Palace had been rising steadily. His style of doing things was indeed very important.
"Whether I can enter or not is my own business. Today, I must take Su Youxue away!" Su Kuan said loudly.
"How dare you! Don't even mention taking Su Youxue away. Since you're here, don't even think about leaving! "Su Yu-jin scolded.
However, Su Kuan straightened his back and strode straight toward Su Youxue. He actually wanted to cross the blood-colored talisman array and drag Su Youxue out.
"You're courting death!"
Su Kuan's Second and Third Uncles did not move, but Su Yu-jin was already in a state of rage.
Weapon Forgemasters also had requirements for their cultivation. This Su Yu-jin was even a figure of the Seventh Heaven of the Nirvana Realm!
Although this slap of his was done casually, it was filled with anger and contained at least 30 kilograms of strength!
If this slap landed on Su Kuan's body, even if he did not die, he would be crippled!
"Big Brother!"
Su Youqi immediately panicked and hurriedly stood in front of him.
"Scram!"
Su Youqi's weapon forgemaster skills were mediocre, and his cultivation was also much lower than his brothers'. He was directly sent flying with a slap.
"Whoosh!"
Immediately after, Su Yu-jin slapped again and went straight for Su Kuan.
However, Su Kuan acted as if he did not hear it. He had already made up his mind. If his father was really so cruel, it was no big deal to die in his hands.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gently flipped his hand. The energy from the Demon Eye dissipated and gathered in his palm.
His figure flashed slightly and came to Su Kuan's side. He gently slapped forward.
This slap seemed to be extremely slow and extremely fast. It blocked Su Kuan's back.
"Bang!"
It was only a collision of two palms, but the strength of the Divine Jun released by each was not weak.
The dull power spread out from under Luo Zheng and Su Yu-jin's feet. The entire building suddenly shook.
"It's normal for father and son to quarrel over family matters. However, it's too much to kill like this," Luo Zheng said slowly.
Su Yu-jin was originally in a fit of anger. He just wanted to teach Su Kuan a lesson.
He did not expect that his slap would be blocked by the young man beside Su Kuan. He was stunned.
Not only him, but Su Youqi and Su Kuan's Second and Third Uncles were also surprised.
They saw that Luo Zheng was beside Su Kuan. In terms of cultivation, Luo Zheng was weaker than Su Kuan. They thought that he was a friend that Su Kuan made in Dragon City. He was only at the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. Who would carefully size up Luo Zheng?
However, Luo Zheng casually blocked Su Yu-jin's slap. The meaning was different.
Not to mention the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, even those at the Third or Fourth Heaven of the Nirvana Realm would not be able to do it as casually as Luo Zheng.
"Who are you?! What does my Family's internal affairs have to do with you? "Su Yu-jin said coldly.
Although he was not afraid of Luo Zheng, no one would believe that someone at the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm did not have a powerful background.
"Su Kuan is a member of your Family Su. He's also under my banner. As a Banner Master, it's my duty to protect him," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Su Yu-jin stared at Luo Zheng for a while. He smiled coldly and said, "A mere Banner Master in Dragon City dares to stop us from refining the Seal Stone. No matter which noble family you're from, I'm afraid you're courting death!"
As he spoke, Su Yu-jin's body emitted a scorching energy. His Nirvana token was a piece of Devil Fire Dragon Scale from the Seventh Heaven.
As the scorching energy dissipated, everyone felt an intense burning sensation on their faces.
Su Kuan's Second and Third Uncles also took a few steps back.
This building was originally built temporarily. How could it withstand the erosion of the scorching wave?
Following a series of popping sounds, the walls of the entire building collapsed from the heat.
Outside the building, the Tai Yiwei also felt the commotion. They originally wanted to come over to investigate, but then they saw this scene in the building.
Luo Zheng stood on the spot. His pupils contracted slightly.
Seventh Heaven of the Nirvana Realm …
Even if he went all out, he would probably only be able to barely put up a fight.
However, he accompanied Su Kuan here today and did not intend to make a move. Moreover, this person was Su Kuan's father.
At this moment, Su Kuan, who had already crossed the blood-colored talisman array, turned back and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. "Father, if you want to kill someone, then kill me. I'm not important to you anyway. Don't make things difficult for my Banner Master!"
Su Kuan was already very grateful that Luo Zheng brought him all the way to Jade Cloud City. Luo Zheng had also taken care of him along the way. How could he put Luo Zheng in danger?
Su Yu-jin stared at his son. The corners of his eyes kept twitching.
No matter how useless Su Kuan was, he could not really kill him.

Chapter 2753
A Helpless Choice
"Bang!"
The door was tightly shut.
Luo Zheng, Su Kuan, and even Su Youqi were "invited" out by Tai Yiwei.
Su Youqi said with a bitter smile, "Even I was chased out..."
Su Kuan stood in place, looking as if he had nothing left to live for.
"Su Kuan, don't worry. Brother and the others aren't that heartless. With the purity of Su Youxue's bloodline, they won't really do anything to her," Su Youqi comforted.
Su Kuan glared coldly at Su Youqi. "Do you think my father isn't heartless enough? Look at Youxue City, how can she still be human? "
Su Youqi wrinkled his nose, looked at Su Kuan for a while, and said, "Su Kuan, Fifth Uncle has to remind you that cousins can't marry."
"What nonsense are you talking about!" Su Kuan's expression changed.
Su Youqi only laughed. "I'm just reminding you."
Hearing the conversation between uncle and nephew, Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head. "This matter can't be rushed. Besides, your Fifth Uncle is right. Since Su Youxue's bloodline is so rare, how can they bear to let her die?"
That blood-red formation array not only squeezed Su Youxue's bloodline, it also constantly replenished her blood. As long as it wasn't squeezed too hard, it wouldn't kill her.
Tai Yiwei and Family Su were heavily guarded here. If they took her away, not only would they not be strong enough, they wouldn't have the right to do so.
Su Kuan naturally listened to Luo Zheng, but he didn't have much hope in this matter.
Just as Su Kuan and Luo Zheng were about to leave, they suddenly heard a sharp whistling sound.
This whistling sound seemed to come from an extremely high place...
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a faint shadow appear in the sky above Biyun City.
He immediately frowned.
The entire Guanshan Province was confined by the Prison of Heaven and Earth. How could someone use Greater Teleportation?
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, he suddenly saw that the shadow gradually solidified. Two ten-zhang-wide golden wings spread out. In the center of the wings, there was actually a half-naked woman?
The woman's eyes were tightly shut as if she hadn't woken up yet. Her entire body was emitting a faint golden light.
She flapped her wings lightly, and the huge wings enveloped her entire body. Then, the golden light suddenly shot out in four directions.
"The direction of the four golden lights …" Luo Zheng's eyelids suddenly twitched.
Not only Luo Zheng, but several senior executives of Tai Yiwei, including Su Yu-jin, who had just driven Luo Zheng and Su Kuan out, were also shocked.
The direction of the four balls of golden light was the four Myriad Underworlds Sealing Sword Formations in Jade Cloud City!
"Buzz buzz …"
Every Ten Million Serene Sealing Sword Array was guarded by more than ten Tai Yiwei, and there was even a five-star Tai Yiwei among them.
When these Tai Yiwei saw the golden light heading towards them, they immediately raised the alarm.
"Woo woo woo …"
However, it took a long time for the array to merge with the Godly Crystal.
After the Prison of Heaven and Earth was released, the human race and the Jinwu were unable to use Greater Teleportation. This was also the reason why the Tai Yiwei's judgment was affected.
The four balls of golden light hovered above the four arrays. In the blink of an eye, they were ready to strike.
The winged woman standing in the center of the city softly uttered a few words.
"Holy Word, Golden Punishment Annihilation."
"Swoosh!"
The golden light poured down from the sky like a flood.
"Back off!"
When the Tai Yiwei guarding the Myriad Underworlds Sealing Sword Array felt the power of the golden light, they only had one thought in their minds, and that was to escape.
They were completely unable to resist the attack of such terrifying energy. If they stayed here, they would be buried together with the array. There was no other choice!
"Boom boom boom boom!"
Following the four violent explosions, the entire Jade Cloud City was shaking.
As the golden light poured down, the four Myriad Underworlds Sealing Sword Arrays were destroyed instantly …
In the sky, the winged woman looked down at the entire Jade Cloud City. She smiled faintly, revealing an exceptionally charming smile. As she flapped her wings, she turned into a faint shadow and disappeared into thin air.
In the face of the sudden attack, the entire Jade Cloud City was in a mess.
"The space is confined by the Prison of Heaven and Earth. Isn't it impossible to use Greater Teleportation? How did that woman do it? "Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan and Su Youqi were both confused. Naturally, they did not know …
They were all thinking about the same thing. Since the four Myriad Underworlds Sealing Sword Arrays were destroyed, the Jinwu would definitely not let go of this opportunity. The outcome of Jade Cloud City was imaginable.
"The Prison of Heaven and Earth is a good method. However, the True Meaning of Void Disillusionment combined with a special Nirvana Realm token naturally has a way to break through it. Moreover, that woman's actual body did not teleport over. That was just a projection," 9527 explained.
Unless it involved information from the depths of the Nirvana Realm, 9527 was usually able to answer Luo Zheng's questions.
"It's just a projection, but it has such power …" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
The power contained in those golden lights was probably the power of tens of thousands of kilograms!
Such power could be achieved by a mere projection. It was too terrifying!
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, a loud voice suddenly rang out in Jade Cloud City. This voice directly spread throughout the entire Jade Cloud City.
"All Tai Yiwei and Tai Yiwei's subordinate soldiers, retreat to the center of Jade Cloud City!"
The soldiers in Jade Cloud City relied on the four Great Arrays. Originally, they could have guarded the Jinwu outside the city.
Now that the four Great Arrays were destroyed, the Jinwu would definitely take advantage of the situation and attack. There was no point in guarding the entire Jade Cloud City. The higher-ups of Tai Yiwei decisively gave the order for all combat forces to retreat into the city and guard the Nine Edges Refining Array.
From all directions, people were constantly gathering …
Looking at these people, Su Kuan panicked. "Banner Lord, what do we do now …"
"Let's stay here and wait," Luo Zheng replied.
…
…
Inside the Nine Edges Refining Array.
Su Yu-jin and the others naturally saw this scene.
"What do we do now?" A weapon refiner in the Heavenly Palace asked anxiously.
"There's definitely not enough time!" Su Kuan's Second Uncle looked at the sealing stone and said.
The sealing stone was extremely sturdy. Even if thousands or even tens of thousands of kilograms of force were to hit it, it would not be destroyed.
However, Su Kuan's blood could be immersed in it. With his blood as a guide and the Nine Edges Refining Array, the sealing stone could be condensed into the required shape.
However, condensing the sealing stone required time. There was not enough time left for them at all!
"There's only one way …" Su Yu-jin frowned and said.
"What way?" Su Kuan's Third Uncle asked.
"Now that the sealing stone has absorbed almost all the blood, let's activate the Nine Edges Refining Array with all our might and take it away completely!" Su Yu-jin said seriously.
Su Kuan's Second Uncle frowned and said, "This will lower the quality of the sealing stone itself …"
"It's still better than letting the Jinwu take it away," Su Yu-jin retorted.
This was a choice that they had no choice but to make. They were not willing to do this unless it was absolutely necessary.

Chapter 2754
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Back to the river
Looking at the dark patch on the horizon, it was as if a storm was about to come.
The faces of the blacksmiths from the Family Su and the Heavenly Palace darkened …
The Jinwu's attack did not give them any chance to breathe.
"Why is this happening! It's just a piece of sealing stone! What is the Jinwu trying to do! "One of the blacksmiths from the Heavenly Palace said angrily.
The sealing stone was indeed a rare material for blacksmithing in the mother world. However, one would appear every once in a while.
This time, it was lucky to appear in Jade Cloud City in the Guanshan Prefecture …
The Nirvana Realm treasure refined from the sealing stone was said to be comparable to a third-grade connate treasure. However, it was still a Nirvana Realm treasure after all.
The Jinwu paid such a huge price to obtain the sealing stone. It was hard to fathom their intentions.
"The more the Jinwu acts like this, the more we can't let them succeed. If we don't act decisively, we will be in trouble. Let's melt it now!" Su Yu-jin was determined.
Initially, everyone was wavering. However, the overwhelming power of the Jinwu in the distance forced everyone to make a decision.
"Sigh, we can only do this …"
"I agree!"
"Let's follow the suggestion of the head of the Family Su …"
The blacksmiths from the Family Su and the Heavenly Palace expressed their opinions.
After they made their decision, all the blacksmiths returned to their original positions.
The Nine Edges Refining Array shone brightly!
The entire refining array did not catalyze the sealing stone itself. Instead, it catalyzed Su Youxue's bloodline power!
The bloodline power had already entered the sealing stone. After triggering the bloodline power, the sealing stone would be completely melted!
The originally square sealing stone underwent slight changes under the influence of the bloodline power. The surface of the sealing stone gradually melted and flowed on the surface like a liquid.
The first to melt were the square edges of the sealing stone. After the edges were smoothed out, the sealing stone turned into a perfect sphere.
Su Yu-jin, who was standing in the middle of the Nine Edges Refining Array, observed for a moment before saying, "The power of the bloodline … is still lacking!"
Hearing Su Yu-jin's words, the other members of the Family Su frowned slightly.
Su Youxue was already on the brink of death. If she continued to squeeze out the power of her bloodline, her physical body might really be crippled …
"Draw out the power of the bloodline!" Su Yu-jin said without hesitation.
The Family Su's blacksmiths could not disobey the Family Head's orders. One of them activated the blood-red formation.
Su Youxue's frail body trembled slightly. Drops of light red blood seeped out from her forehead. The power of the bloodline in this blood was already quite thin.
The moment the blood droplets were drawn out, they shot towards the sealing stone!
The Nine Edges Refining Array. was activated once again. The originally circular sealing stone began to take on a strange shape. It looked like a puddle of soft black liquid floating in the air.
"Whoosh!"
Su Yu-jin leapt into the air. A small bottle appeared in his hand.
"Withdraw!"
He patted the bottle lightly. A powerful suction force came from the bottle.
At this moment, a strange scene occurred …
The black liquid seemed to have a mind of its own as it flew towards the other side!
Su Yu-jin did not expect this to happen.
This was not the first sealing stone he had refined. There was once a sealing stone that appeared in the Center God Province. At that time, he and the Heavenly Palace had worked together to refine it. However, they did not melt the entire sealing stone. Instead, they refined it into a Sword of Extinction. Because of this, the Great One Heavenly Palace had rewarded the Family Su with tens of millions of Divine crystals.
But this time, the melting sealing stone actually escaped on its own!
However, this was still within the Nine Edges Refining Array.. How could Su Yu-jin let it escape?
He stretched out his hand and pointed at the black liquid. A green pillar of light rose from the array and enveloped the black liquid.
"Withdraw!"
The black liquid kept twisting in mid-air. However, it could not break out of the array.
With Su Yu-jin's frantic urging, the black liquid had nowhere to escape and was sucked into the bottle.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Even after entering the bottle, the black liquid continued to struggle. There was a buzzing sound in the bottle. It wanted to break out of the bottle.
"Withdraw the Nine Edges Refining Array. Let's leave Jade Cloud City!" Su Yu-jin revealed a hint of joy.
The others did not respond. One of the weapon refiners pointed to the sky …
Su Yu-jin looked up and his mouth widened.
The sky above Jade Cloud City had been occupied by the Jinwu. It would not be easy to leave Jade Cloud City now.
…
…
On the city wall, all the Tai Yiwei looked very serious.
Without the protection of the four Myriad Sword Arrays, it would not be easy to fight against the Jinwu. They would be facing a bloody battle next.
On the other hand, the soldiers who had been recruited from the bottom of the city walls all had mournful faces.
"This is not right. Even if it's a five-star mission, it shouldn't be a sure-death situation …"
"Hehe, the war with the Jinwu is ever-changing. No one can predict it …"
"Are we all going to die here?"
Most of these people were here for the merit points. Who would have thought that Jade Cloud City would be destroyed after a few days? Those who chose this mission were at the gates of hell. It would be strange if they were in a good mood …
Su Kuan was also affected by these emotions. He was in a very bad mood.
He was originally worried about Su Youxue. Now, he realized that he could not even take care of himself. Not only that, the core members of the Family Su were all here.
If Jade Cloud City was destroyed, the entire Family Su would be shaken.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, remained calm. Since Tai Yiwei was guarding this place, they could not rely on the four sword arrays alone …
At this moment, Lin Hui's voice suddenly came from not far away. "Why are you here? Come with me! "
Under Lin Hui's command, Luo Zheng and Su Kuan moved to the right side of the high wall. Soon, they met Lu Qi, Lu Hao, and the rest.
Lu Qi and the rest smiled bitterly when they saw Luo Zheng. In a while, there would be a river of blood. Everyone's hearts were heavy.
"Although I don't know why the Jinwu would resort to such means … surviving is the most important thing," Lin Hui said seriously.
Tai Yiwei was also facing great pressure …
Lin Hui glanced at Luo Zheng and Su Kuan and smiled bitterly. "If the Jinwu had not surrounded the city, I would have let you escape. What a pity …"
When Lu Hao, Lu Qi, and the rest heard this, they all pursed their lips. They were too embarrassed to say it in front of Luo Zheng. Even if all of them died, this fellow would probably still be alive.
The entire center of Jade Cloud City was surrounded by three layers of people on the inside and three layers on the outside.
In the innermost layer were Tai Yiwei's high-ranking officials and the weapon refiners of the Family Su.
On the high wall were the one-star and two-star Tai Yiwei. Outside the wall were Luo Zheng and the other soldiers who had been recruited …
And in the outermost layer were the women, children, and ordinary people who had stayed in Jade Cloud City. Out of their survival instincts, they all squeezed here.
The dark clouds that had spread from all directions finally rushed into Jade Cloud City.

Chapter 2755
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Help!
After the Golden Crows descended, they converged from all directions of Jade Cloud City like a tidal wave.
The few buildings in Jade Cloud City were like reefs in the sea. However, these 'reefs' were not so stable. Under the onslaught of the Golden Crows, they collapsed one after another.
"They're here …"
Luo Zheng pressed the longsword in his hand. Everyone was ready to attack.
The energies of various Nirvana Realm tokens dissipated, and as they converged, a strange resonating sound was produced.
However, the first to suffer were not these soldiers, but those on the outermost layer.
Among these people, there were True Gods and a few Nirvana Realm. However, their strength was a few levels lower than those soldiers on the inner layer. Only a few of them tried to block the Golden Crows before they were covered by darkness.
The thick smell of blood filled the air. There were roars, cries, and cries for help everywhere. There were also the strange cawing of the Golden Crows.
Some people could not bear to watch and wanted to rush over to save people. However, someone quickly gave an order.
"Everyone, stay where you are!"
Everyone was guarding the central area and had already formed their own formations. If they left without permission, they would only mess up their own formation.
Although no one moved, their hearts were still trembling when they saw the tragic scene that was taking place not far away.
Even though these people had been through hundreds of battles, seeing their own kind being torn to pieces still stirred their hearts strongly.
After those Golden Crows ate the people on the outermost layer, they continued to charge forward.
At this moment, a voice finally came from within the high wall. "Attack!"
"Zeng, zeng, zeng …"
Countless longswords stood erect like a forest.
Everyone who had been preparing for a long time used their respective sword techniques and abilities.
Colorful sword gleams, scattered, broken, and sharp, spread out in all directions at the same time.
With so many Nirvana Realm experts gathered together, their power could not be underestimated!
Before the first batch of Golden Crows could even get close, they were already torn to pieces. Because they were slaughtered too quickly, there was even a vacuum in front of everyone. All the Golden Crows were killed.
Seeing this scene, everyone's confidence instantly multiplied.
As long as everyone worked together, even if the Golden Crows surrounded the city, it was not completely impossible to stop them.
However, there were more Golden Crows attacking Jade Cloud City this time than the previous day. After killing the first batch, there was an endless stream of Golden Crows behind.
However, when the second batch of Golden Crows rushed over, everyone attacked again.
The second time, everyone's coordination was much better, and the situation was similar to the first time.
It was the same for the third batch of Golden Crows. Miraculously, none of the soldiers guarding Jade Cloud City perished. Some of them even smiled …
However, the fourth batch of Golden Crows was mixed with a bit of golden light!
When the soldiers, including Lu Qi, saw the Golden Crow, their faces stiffened.
This thing's speed was extraordinarily fast, and it wasn't something that an ordinary Nirvana Realm expert could resist.
"Everyone, be careful! Leave these Golden Crows to Tai Yiwei! "
When they saw the fourth wave of Golden Crows, the Tai Yiwei also made their moves …
"Swish swish swish swish …"
The Golden Crows flew at a speed that was indiscernible to the naked eye, and a few of them were heading straight for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and slightly lifted the sword that was pressed down.
Just as he was about to draw his sword, he suddenly felt a sharp chill behind his back.
Immediately after, a few white rays flew over his head and accurately hit the Golden Crows. These Golden Crows were immediately frozen into ice cubes and shattered when they fell to the ground.
"What are you waiting for? I won't let these Golden Crows hurt you," Lin Hui said with a smile.
With Tai Yiwei's help, the threat of the Golden Crows was greatly reduced.
Even so, there were still many casualties among the soldiers.
Everyone was standing too close to each other. Once the Golden Crows rushed into the crowd, they could instantly kill many people.
What was worse was that the number of Golden Crows was increasing. Even Tai Yiwei found it more and more difficult to deal with them!
"Frost Spirit Sword!"
The transparent sword in Lin Hui's hand was extremely powerful.
As he circled in mid-air, the white rays of the sword seemed to have grown eyes and accurately hit the Golden Crows.
Perhaps because Lin Hui's performance was too dazzling, the surrounding Golden Crows seemed to have come to an agreement. They circled in the air at high speed and charged towards Lin Hui.
Seeing this scene, Lin Hui's expression changed.
After realizing the danger, Lin Hui immediately wanted to retreat. The long sword in his hand pierced in all directions!
"Pu pu pu …"
He had already used his full strength and only killed a dozen Golden Crows. However, there were still eight or nine Golden Crows surrounding him.
The other Tai Yiwei were still far away. They could not even take care of themselves and could not split themselves to receive him.
"Oh no …"
At this moment, Lin Hui's face showed a trace of helplessness.
Although joining Tai Yiwei meant that one should be prepared to die, he had been in Tai Yiwei for so many years. He was considered lucky. Unfortunately, his life was going to end here today?
Just as Lin Hui was about to give up, scattered rays of sword light whizzed towards him.
The moment he saw those rays of sword light, Lin Hui's face was filled with astonishment.
These rays of sword light were rushing towards him. Were they trying to kill him?
However, his astonishment only lasted for a moment. The scattered sword rays swept past him at an extremely high speed, and some of them almost brushed past his body. Soon after, he heard a series of "puff, puff, puff …" sounds coming from beside him.
Those scattered rays of sword light accurately hit those Golden Crows …
Pieces of yellow feathers fluttered in front of him. Lin Hui blankly floated in mid-air. For a moment, he was completely stunned.
He turned around and looked. However, he saw Luo Zheng holding a long sword and smiling at him.
"You …" Lin Hui completely forgot about his situation. He asked, "Were you the one who attacked just now?"
"One person cannot fight against these Golden Crows. Don't force yourself," Luo Zheng said.
"I'm not asking this question. I'm asking …"
Lin Hui's heart was in turmoil. A mere Level One junior was able to kill Golden Crows. Furthermore, he killed multiple Golden Crows with one strike of his sword! Even Lin Hui himself would find it difficult to do such a thing!
At this moment, Lin Hui suddenly remembered the strange incident yesterday.
Yesterday, the Jinwu army had pressured the border. Those Golden Crows had taken many lives.
However, none of the people he had brought from the Mountain River Fortress had perished. At that time, he had thought that there might be experts hidden among these people.
However, Lin Hui had never thought that this person would be the one with the lowest level of cultivation. It was indeed difficult for him to change his mind.
"Master Lin Hui, now is not the time to ask questions." Luo Zheng stared in front of him and lightly pointed his long sword again.

Chapter 2756
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Red Gold Crow
While Lin Hui was trying his best to kill the Golden Crows, he couldn't help but pay attention to Luo Zheng out of curiosity.
The more he watched, the more shocked he was.
He seemed to be attacking casually, but he didn't make a single mistake.
While this guy was trying his best to kill as many Golden Crows as possible, he was also checking and filling in the gaps. No matter if it was Lu Qi, Lu Hao, or the others, as long as there was a slight gap in their attack line, this guy would casually stab his sword and kill the Golden Crows that took advantage of the gap!
In order to verify his thoughts, Lin Hui also purposely made mistakes when facing the Golden Crows. Just as he let go of a few Golden Crows, a sword ray came and accurately pierced through the heads of a few Golden Crows …
"Unfathomable …" Lin Hui's heart continued to tremble.
He felt a little humiliated in his heart. A guy at the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm actually made a Tai Yiwei feel unfathomable. If this spread out, people would laugh their heads off, but he really did have such a feeling.
Although he had such thoughts in his heart, Lin Hui felt very safe fighting with such a guy.
He, Lu Qi, Lu Hao, and the others rushed to the front. They didn't need to set up a defense around themselves. Each of them unleashed their most powerful supernatural powers. Some normal Golden Crows and Golden Crows that rushed forward were always killed by Luo Zheng in advance.
It was also because of this that the area they were guarding was almost indestructible.
However, the soldiers in other directions were in a rather bad situation.
With the addition of the Golden Crows, casualties kept increasing. Although there were Tai Yiwei replenishing, the number of Golden Crows was increasing!
"Blood-gold Crows are coming!"
"Retreat, retreat!"
"Let Tai Yiwei deal with them!"
Thousands of crimson Golden Crows appeared among the Golden Crows. They were the Blood-gold Crows that they mentioned.
These Blood-gold Crows had fiery feathers that were as hard as gold and iron. They were also extremely powerful, far beyond what a normal Nirvana Realm could handle.
When the Blood-gold Crows appeared, all the Tai Yiwei moved out. This was the real battle between the elites of both sides!
"Caw —"
Three strong Blood-gold Crows made a dull cry and rushed over.
"Wind!"
Facing the BloodGold Crow, Lu Qi did not hesitate to use his strongest sword move.
Dozens of layers of maple leaf-shaped sword light stacked together, turning into a burning sword light that went straight for one of the Blood-gold Crows.
The Blood-gold Crow suddenly raised its fat wings to block the attack.
"Clang!"
With a crisp sound, the Blood-gold Crow was completely unharmed!
"This …" Lu Qi's eyes widened.
Although they knew that these Blood-gold Crows had extraordinary strength, Lu Qi's skill was not weak either. It was incredible that his sword could not penetrate the Blood-gold Crows' bodies.
Not only him, but Lu Hao and the others were also in a similar situation. They couldn't even shake the Blood-gold Crow's sturdy wings with their full strength.
Just as they were at a loss, the three Blood Gold Crows suddenly flapped their wings!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Hundreds of red feathers shot out.
The power contained within these feathers was in no way inferior to that of the Golden Crows.
However, these red feathers were not living creatures after all. They could not change directions as flexibly as the Golden Crows. Lu Qi and the others could block them, but the terrifying power contained in the feathers could almost break ordinary weapons.
Even if Lu Qi and Lu Hao blocked these feathers, their hands could not help but tremble.
"Leave the Red Gold Crows to me. You guys deal with the rest!"
As Lin Hui spoke, he crushed dozens of divine crystals and absorbed them into the Nirvana Token. The power of the Nirvana Token had been consumed very quickly after this round of battle.
Then, he charged forward and began to fight with the Pure Gold Crow.
However, Lin Hui knew his own strength very well. If there was only one Red Gold Crow, Lin Hui would not have a problem. If there were two Red Gold Crows, the pressure would multiply. Fighting three Red Gold Crows was too much for him.
However, each Tai Yiwei had a strong sense of awareness. Even if they knew that they were going to die, they had no complaints.
Lin Hui wasn't the only Tai Yiwei facing such pressure. The other Tai Yiwei even had to face four or five Pure Gold Crows by themselves …
"Wind and Snow!"
Lin Hui released a surging chill, slowing down the speed of these Pure Gold Crows.
However, the flapping wings of the Pure Gold Crow seemed to be inlaid with hundreds of swords as they continuously slashed towards Lin Hui.
Swish! Swish!
Wave after wave of crimson wings swept over. Lin Hui's figure kept dodging, and he awkwardly looked for an opportunity to attack.
But as soon as he drew his sword, his target had already quietly retreated. These Crimson Gold Crows had also undergone rigorous training, and their cooperation with each other was extremely close.
He had attacked with his sword several times, but he had not succeeded. Instead, he had been surrounded by danger!
"Shua!"
Just as Lin Hui reflexively dodged a wave of wing slashes, one of the Crimson Gold Crows leaped up and circled in the air, about to engulf him completely.
Facing the pair of wings that were inlaid with swords and blades, Lin Hui suddenly gritted his teeth and made a decision in his heart.
He actually didn't dodge or evade. Instead, he poured all his strength into his long sword and charged straight towards the Crimson Gold Crow …
"Even if I die, I have to kill one of them. This is my bottom line …" He gritted his teeth and muttered in a low voice.
Just as Lin Hui was about to risk his life, a strange power suddenly came from behind him. This power didn't come from the Nirvana Realm. It seemed to be the power of the Divine Path. However, Lin Hui had only been in contact with Nirvana Realm experts all these years, so he was very unfamiliar with the power of the Divine Path.
This strange feeling lingered in his heart. At that moment, a dazzling white light exploded above his head, and the energy that escaped almost made Lin Hui dizzy.
"Who attacked?"
"Which one of my colleagues …"
"With this kind of technique, is it a Two-Star Tai Yiwei or a Three-Star Tai Yiwei?"
After this dazzling white light disappeared, he saw that the head of the Crimson Gold Crow had been blasted into a bloody mess. The feathers on its shoulders were scattered all over the ground, and it lay motionless on the ground.
The other two Crimson Gold Crows were shocked and actually took a few steps back. This kind of demon of a foreign race could also feel fear.
When Lin Hui turned his head to look, his expression suddenly changed. He blurted out, "Why … is it you again …"
In a short period of time, Luo Zheng had already saved Lin Hui's life twice. Lin Hui wanted to say that Luo Zheng had saved his life again, but when the words reached his mouth, he couldn't say it.
Although he had escaped from death, Lin Hui still didn't know whether to laugh or cry. When he was in the Mountain River Fortress, he wanted to chase Luo Zheng away without a second thought. If he had really chased this guy away at that time, he was afraid …
"It's too unambitious to exchange a life for a life with these feathered beasts," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
He held the long sword in his hand, and layers of energy of the Divine Path flashed alternately on the surface of the long sword. He walked to Lin Hui's side.

Chapter 2757
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Abandoning the city
Although they were surprised that Luo Zheng was able to kill the extremely fast Golden Crow, they were still able to accept it.
The Golden Crow's defense was not strong, but it was too fast and hard to capture.
If Luo Zheng had the talent of Mind Flow Sword and grasped some of the tricks, he would indeed be able to kill the enemy with ease. That was something that they could not envy.
However, they were facing the Golden Crow!
An ordinary Nirvana Realm expert could not break the Golden Crow's insane defense. Only Tai Yiwei could fight the Golden Crow head-on.
Even Lin Hui was unable to withstand the attacks of the three Crimson Gold Crows …
Luo Zheng's sword just now directly cut off the head of a Golden Crow?
Which meant that his Godly Jun Force was similar to that of a one-star Tai Yiwei? He could even surpass it?
Was Dragon City so powerful now? Any Banner Lord could surpass that of a one-star Tai Yiwei?
Among these people, the only one who remained calm was Su Kuan.
He knew that this was not the full strength of a Banner Lord …
Su Kuan had no idea how strong Luo Zheng was when he unleashed his full strength. However, the sword move he displayed outside Dragon City was still fresh in his mind.
"Caw, caw …"
The two Golden Crows were talking about something.
They suddenly spread their wings, and the power emitted from their bodies suddenly increased.
At the same time, two identical Nirvana Realm Tokens appeared on the top of the Pure Gold Crow's head. They were white feathers, and they gave off a sense of holiness.
"Are these their Nirvana Realm tokens?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
"They were obtained from the Sunset Temple." Lin Hui nodded.
"Why are they exactly the same?" Luo Zheng noticed that a white feather also appeared on top of the Golden Crow's head.
"Because the Sunset Temple was occupied by them. They can distribute these Nirvana Realm tokens within their clan …"
This was basic knowledge. Luo Zheng did not even know this. Lin Hui was also confused, but he still explained patiently.
"If the Sunset Temple is occupied by Jinwu, then …"
Suddenly hearing this news, Luo Zheng wanted to ask if the Heavenly Palace also occupied other temples.
However, the two Crimson Gold Crows obviously didn't give him the chance. The two Crimson Gold Crows, whose strength had skyrocketed, turned into two streaks of red light and flew towards the two of them …
… …
… …
The Nine Edges Refining Array. has been completely dismantled.
The blood-red array glyphs that were used to extract Su Youxue were also dismantled. The third son of the Family Su carried the dying Su Youxue on his back.
Su Yu-jin led everyone to a high vantage point and observed the battle around them.
Even though Tai Yiwei and the soldiers of Jade Cloud City displayed their tenacity, this defensive perimeter was still shrinking bit by bit.
Jinwu's corpses piled up into small hills. The lives of the two races were eating each other.
"This isn't good …"
"Jinwu will eventually conquer this place!"
"Does the Mountain River Fortress have any reinforcements?"
The weapon refiners questioned.
Not far away from them, two tall figures stood.
Yan Da and Yan Dang!
These twin brothers were the two five-star Tai Yiwei. They were also the pillars of Jade Cloud City.
Since the start of the battle, the two of them had been guarding Su Yu-jin and didn't participate in the killing outside.
"The Mountain River Fortress responded. However, for some reason, the reinforcements haven't arrived yet," Yan Da said in a low voice.
Yan Dang gritted his teeth and said, "I'm afraid … Jinwu will intercept us halfway."
Su Yu-jin and the rest could think of what the two brothers could think of. However, no one wanted to reveal this terrifying fact just now.
If there were no reinforcements, Jade Cloud City would definitely fall!
Everyone here would die.
"Even if there are no reinforcements, we can't just sit here and wait for death." Su Yu-jin looked towards the south.
The only safe place in the entire Mountain River Fortress was the Mountain River Fortress. That was the headquarters of the Heavenly Palace.
Fortunately, Jade Cloud City wasn't too far away from the Mountain River Fortress …
"You mean, we should charge out?" Yan Da asked.
Su Yu-jin nodded. "I melted this Sealing Stone for this purpose. However, you said to wait for reinforcements. That's why we stopped here. Now, I'm afraid reinforcements won't arrive. If this drags on, it will only get worse!"
Yan Da and Yan Dang looked at each other. Although their cultivation levels were much higher than Su Yu-jin's, Su Yu-jin was still the head of Family Su. The Mountain River Fortress also had an edict that Su Yu-jin had the final say in Jade Cloud City. All the Tai Yiwei would serve these weapon refiners.
"If that's the case …"
"The two of us will do our best to protect the head of Family Su."
The Sealing Stone was in Su Yu-jin's hands. Su Yu-jin was naturally the target of Yan Da and Yan Dang's protection.
After they made their decision, Yan Da suddenly leaped and shouted, "Soldiers of the city, Tai Yiwei, listen to my orders! Reinforcements from the Mountain River Fortress have arrived! "
When the people who were fighting heard Yan Da's words, they instantly became excited.
Yan Da also understood that they probably wouldn't be able to wait for reinforcements from the Mountain River Fortress. However, these lone soldiers needed a reason to live. Only by giving them hope would they be able to unleash their greatest strength.
This was the basic quality of a general.
"However, the Sealing Stone has already been melted. There's no need to defend Jade Cloud City anymore. Let's kill our way out to the south! We'll rendezvous with the reinforcements from the Mountain River Fortress! Soldiers, follow me! "
As he spoke, Yan Da suddenly released his aura.
The aura of a five-star Tai Yiwei was naturally terrifying. In this chaos, it was like a bright lamp.
Not only did he want to guide the soldiers to follow him, but he also wanted to attract the attention of Jinwu to protect Yan Dang and Su Yu-jin. This was a type of sacrifice.
"Swoosh!"
Yan Da took the lead and rushed out of the high wall, flying towards the south. At the same time, he recited loudly, "The auspicious day is fine, the Mu General is happy with the Emperor, caressing his long sword is beautiful …"
He recited the "Nine Songs", which was also a poem that praised the Eastern Emperor Tai Yi.
Naturally, everyone in the Tai Yiwei knew about it.
When the other Tai Yiwei and soldiers heard his recitation, their faces also became determined. At the same time, they also recited the poem.
"The auspicious day is fine, the Mu General is happy with the Emperor, caressing his long sword is beautiful, clanging his long sword is beautiful, the Yao General is beautiful …"
Everyone was like an arrow, surging and gathering towards the direction of the battle.
During a war between two races, it was very difficult to deploy troops during an intense battle. The slightest mistake would cause the army to retreat.
Under Yan Da's careful guidance, he boosted the morale of the soldiers. At the same time, he made the front line shrink rapidly. Even though there were some losses, it didn't cause the morale of the soldiers to be unstable!
When Su Yu-jin saw Yan Da's performance, he was also slightly shocked. This Tai Yiwei was really talented.
Lin Hui's position was originally facing the south.
After Luo Zheng and Lin Hui worked together to kill the two Pure Gold Crows, they heard an order from within the high wall. He glanced at Su Kuan, then both of them looked up.

Chapter 2758
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Roadblock
When Yan Da took the lead and rushed out, the Golden Crow Clan also moved upon hearing the news.
The Golden Crows that had gathered from all directions also began to adjust their direction and flock toward the south.
Countless Jinwu piled up in the south, especially the pure Jinwu. They formed a thick wall and tried their best to stop them from breaking through.
Faced with this situation, Yan Da's eyes turned blood-red. He clapped his hands and shouted, "Sword, come!"
A black thundercloud appeared above his head! This thundercloud was his Nirvana Realm token!
"Crack …"
Along with a flash of lightning, a thunderbolt exploded in front of Yan Da.
The Jinwu crowd felt their eyes brighten. A giant sword covered in thunderbolts appeared in front of Yan Da.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The giant sword started to spin crazily as soon as it appeared.
While it was spinning, thunderbolts continuously struck out from the thundercloud. These thunderbolts were all absorbed into the giant sword.
During this process, some pure Jinwu and Jinwu tried to rush toward Yan Da and stop him from using his great divine power.
However, they could not get close at all. When they were a few hundred feet away from Yan Da, thunderbolts struck out from the thundercloud. Any Jinwu that got close to Yan Da was burnt by the thunderbolts!
"So powerful …"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused when he saw this.
He saw that Yan Da was a five-star Tai Yiwei. According to the division of these superpowers, Elder Jin should be as powerful as Yan Da. Ming Wei should be even more powerful!
However, regardless of whether it was Elder Jin or Ming Wei, they were weaker than this person.
However, since Ming Wei was the Sect Leader, she should be more powerful than Yan Da. However, she had been trapped at the bottom of the Chaos for too long. In a situation where she lacked Divine Crystals, it was indeed difficult for her to unleash the full power of the Nirvana Realm token.
"Sword, go!"
Yan Da gently pushed the giant sword in his hand.
"Slash —"
The giant sword, which was spinning at high speed, was wrapped in layers of lightning balls as it shot forward.
As the huge sword flew out, the saturated thunderbolts contained within it continuously struck in all directions. After these thunderbolts hit a group of Golden Crows, they jumped again and again. The area of attack was very wide, and groups of Golden Crows were burned into black powder by the thunderbolts.
More than half of the Golden Crows that had gathered in the south had been killed, almost forming a vacuum.
"Go!"
Yan Da shouted loudly.
Behind him, Su Yu-jin, Yan Dang, and the other craftsmen all followed behind, speeding towards the south.
Next was Tai Yiwei and the soldiers guarding Biyun City …
"Let's go, too," Luo Zheng said to Su Kuan.
Su Kuan nodded. The two of them also flew up and chased after the Family Su's refiners.
The soldiers cooperated well. The Tai Yiwei also retreated as they fought. They retreated to the south in an orderly manner, reducing the casualties to a minimum.
In less than the time it took for an incense stick to burn, everyone had retreated out of Jade Cloud City, while the densely packed Golden Crows followed closely behind. This Jade Cloud City had already completely become a dead and empty city.
"Caw caw …"
However, the flying speed of the Golden Crows was slightly faster than that of the human race.
They turned into clouds and flew high in the sky. Their speed was much faster than that of the human race, so they could easily catch up with the people behind them.
However, the Jinwu's goal was also to obtain that piece of sealing stone. They were not too interested in the lives of the Tai Yiwei and the soldiers. Therefore, after flying high in the sky, they went straight for the Family Su's refiners.
Seeing that the dark clouds formed by the Golden Crows covered the front of the troops, Yan Da leaped up again and took out his Paramita Token again.
That thundercloud rose high in the sky!
The python-like thunderbolts stirred in the dark clouds continuously. Every thunderbolt could strike down countless Golden Crows.
He held back the Golden Crows by himself …
Yan Da's two attacks had undoubtedly boosted the morale of the troops.
Many people in the long line also continuously attacked, releasing rays of sword gleams that hit the Golden Crows in the sky.
"These feathered beasts can't do anything against a five-star Tai Yiwei!"
"As long as we retreat in an orderly manner, we can safely return to the Mountain River Fortress …"
"Indeed, there's nothing to panic about!"
The burden in everyone's hearts suddenly seemed to have been lifted.
"If Third Uncle can bring Youxue back to the Mountain River Fortress, her life should be safe." Su Kuan also became optimistic.
Luo Zheng looked up at the Golden Crows, but his expression did not relax at all. He only said, "Something's not right …"
"What's not right?" Su Kuan asked curiously.
"The number of Golden Crows has decreased …" Luo Zheng said.
The number of Golden Crows in the previous attack was much higher than this time. However, most of them were killed by the Million Sealing Sword Formation.
This time, the Golden Crows rushed over in waves. Although many of them were killed by the soldiers, the number of Golden Crows was still not as high as the previous time …
Under the situation where the Million Sealing Sword Formation was destroyed by the winged woman, it was extremely strange!
"So what if there are fewer Golden Crows? Doesn't this mean that there are not enough Golden Crows? "Su Kuan asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "If the Jinwu did not have enough backup, they would not have gone through so much trouble to destroy the Million Sealing Sword Formation. Their actions are more like … forcing us to come out."
In fact, Luo Zheng was not the only one who saw through this.
The weapon refiners and the two brothers, Yan Da and Yan Dang, also knew.
The Jinwu was not so easy to deal with. Their journey back to the Mountain River Fortress was not as easy as it seemed.
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's analysis, Su Kuan's expression changed slightly. "What should we do then?"
Luo Zheng did not know what to do. In this situation, they could only take one step at a time.
Yan Da, who was in front, blocked the Golden Crows in the sky with his own strength. Everyone was able to move forward at high speed.
After the team was lengthened, they moved faster and faster.
The Golden Crows circled above everyone's heads. They did not swoop down but followed in the air.
After flying like this for about two hours, there was already a mountain ridge in front of them.
This mountain range was the intersection of the Fallen Fox Mountain Range and the Blue Plain, so it was also called the Fallen Fox Mountain Range.
As they approached the Fallen Fox Mountain Range, a faint golden light shone from the depths of the mountain range.
Yan Da and Yan Dang frowned when they saw the strange scene in front of them. Yan Da even ordered, "Stop!"
Everyone was confused when they heard Yan Da's order. This was a great opportunity to seize every second to escape. Why did they have to stop at this godforsaken place?
"Whoosh …"
The flock of Golden Crows in the sky also spread out and formed a large circle, surrounding everyone in it.
The golden light refracted from the Fallen Fox Mountain Range in front of them became brighter and brighter. Under the golden light, there were a few pieces of pale golden feathers that fluttered in the wind.
After a while, three pairs of broad golden wings slowly rose from the Fallen Fox Mountain Range.

Chapter 2759
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Split
The three winged women slowly floated over in the air with extremely sweet smiles on their faces.
The woman in the lead was naked and was only covered by a dazzling golden light. If it weren't for her wings, she would have been a stunningly beautiful woman.
"Your journey ends here," said the winged woman in the lead.
Her voice was also extremely pleasant to listen to, as if it could hook one's soul, extremely pleasing to the ear.
Yan Da stood in mid-air. Although he was surprised, he still looked determined. "I didn't expect that even the demons from the Hive would be involved …"
"Are you surprised?" asked the woman with a smile.
"Of course. It's just a Sealing Stone. Why would the Jinwu make such a big fuss over it? They even asked Lady Phoenix to destroy her projection from thousands of miles away and destroy the Ten Million Sealing Sword Array. Can you tell me the reason? "asked Yan Da.
The Heavenly Palace had the ability to fight against the Jinwu.
The Mountain River Fortress was not that important to the Heavenly Palace. On one hand, it could train Tai Yiwei, and on the other hand, it could preserve a chance for them.
The value of a Sealing Stone was immeasurable, but it was not enough for the Jinwu to pay so much attention to it.
"Because this Sealing Stone is very special, we must get it." The woman smiled and continued, "It would be a pity to kill all these people. Hand over the Sealing Stone and I'll let you go."
Everyone became serious when they heard the winged woman's words.
These people's main goal was to survive and return to the Mountain River Fortress.
As for the Sealing Stone, even if they could escort it back to the Mountain River Fortress, what did it have to do with the soldiers and Tai Yiwei?
It was just to make up for their contributions …
If they did not hand over the Sealing Stone, they would probably die here.
However, Yan Da only smiled and said, "You know that it's impossible. Tai Yiwei only has two choices for the mission. Either he completes it or he dies …"
"Do these people have to die with him?" asked the winged woman.
The soldiers, including some Tai Yiwei, were whispering to each other. Even the most loyal soldiers would have all kinds of strange thoughts when they were forced into a corner. After all, they only had one life.
Yan Da frowned. This woman was really cunning. She was using such a method to destroy the soldiers' morale.
He immediately made a decision in his heart. He did not waste any more words with this woman and shouted, "Yan Dang, escort the Su Family's Patriarch away. The rest of the Taiyi Guards, form a sword formation. These demonesses are not of the same race as us. They will definitely not let any of us live!"
Once this order was given, there was no turning back, but it also put an end to any thoughts of compromise.
The woman's face.... Yuzi Yuzi, you two, go and get the Sealing Stone....... Yuzi Yuzi.. Yuzi Yuzi Xu....
. Yuzi Yuzi Yan Da. was Tai Yiwei, Yui.
. "Yan Da did not hesitate. He waved his hand and lightning flashed above his head. A giant sword appeared in front of him.
On the other side, Yan Dang escorted Su Youshen to circle around in the air and flew to the side. He wanted to rush out of the three women's blockade, but the woman with wings in the lead had already blocked his way.
The scattered Golden Crow Clan members once again pounced towards the crowd, and countless red shadows soared into the sky from the Fallen Fox Ridge. The number of Crimson Gold Crows was more than ten times more than before!
Everyone's heart sank when they saw this scene.
Although the Tai Yiwei had gotten into a Sword Formation under Yan Da's orders, they knew that they would not be able to survive in this situation.
Yan Da did not restrict anyone other than the Tai Yiwei. Lin Hui said to Lu Qi and the others, "If you can fight your way out, then scatter. The Jinwu's target is not you. I don't think they will kill all of you …"
It was not just Lin Hui. The other Tai Yiwei also dismissed their subordinates.
These people came from afar to guard Jade Cloud City. Now that Jade Cloud City had been abandoned, their mission was no longer there.
Su Kuan's heart was on Su Youxue. Seeing that the winged woman was chasing after his father, he did not hesitate and rushed out.
He hadn't even rushed out for a short distance when several golden lights flew towards Su Kuan!
Su Kuan gritted his teeth and rolled forward. However, the Golden Crows were more agile than him. He could not avoid them.
At this moment, a cold light appeared behind him. Luo Zheng's long sword had stabbed and killed all the Golden Crows. At the same time, he heard Luo Zheng say, "Follow me!"
The two of them broke away from the main group and rushed towards the South …
The others were also running. However, they were either running towards the West or the East. Some were even running towards Jade Cloud City. After all, the number of Golden Crows there was the least, so the possibility of them escaping was higher.
Some people looked in the direction where Su Kuan and Luo Zheng were running. They were puzzled. The Fallen Fox Ridge had a big demon from the Hive, and there were so many Golden Crows. Wouldn't they be courting death if they went there?
However, most of the Golden Crows were running towards the Tai Yiwei.
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan didn't attract too much attention. Only a few of them came to surround them.
"Caw caw caw …"
Seven or eight Golden Crows spread their wings and swooped down towards Luo Zheng.
In their eyes, these two humans who had just entered the Nirvana Realm were not worth mentioning. They were just killing them along the way.
Just when they were about seven or eight feet away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly looked up. The red light in his eyes flashed.
Traces of great fear surged from the bottom of their hearts. Even demons without spiritual intelligence would feel fear. Moreover, these Golden Crows were not as stupid as humans.
While these Golden Crows were panicking, Luo Zheng suddenly thrust out the long sword in his hand.
"Liuyan Sword!"
An arc of sword light shot out from the tip of his sword.
Luo Zheng's calculation was very accurate. The arc of the sword light was just enough to wrap around the head of each Golden Crow and then explode in an instant.
"Boom boom boom …"
The power released by the Liuyan Sword was extraordinary. It directly destroyed the heads and souls of these Golden Crows.
The dazzling light and terrifying power even attracted the attention of the Tai Yiwei in the distance. They looked in this direction with astonishment and puzzlement.
However, in the face of so many Golden Crows, they had no time to care about other things …
After killing these few Golden Crows, the other Golden Crows had no intention of chasing them. Luo Zheng and Su Kuan were able to pass through smoothly.
Just as they flew into the mountain ridge, a terrifying explosion suddenly erupted in front of them.
A golden flame descended from the sky. No matter if it was the mountain, the trees, or the rocks, they all dissipated under the burning of this flame. The scorching heat wave hit them, and their cheeks were boiling hot.
"Over there!"
High up in the sky, Yan Dang was entangled with a winged woman.

Chapter 2760
One person was missing.
The cultivations of the Family Su and the Heavenly Palace's blacksmiths were far lower than Yan Dang, Yan Da, and the others.
In terms of individual strength, they were roughly between one-star and two-star Tai Yiwei. The winged woman was a Great Demon that had walked out of Jinwu's Divine Nest. She was even more powerful than a five-star Tai Yiwei!
How could Su Yu-jin and the others be a match for her?
The winged woman's entire body was bathed in a layer of golden flames. With a light flap of one of her wings, she had already swept one of the blacksmiths into it.
"Feng!"
That Weapon Refiner was instantly burned to ashes.
The Family Su was even more shocked when they saw this scene. However, Yan Dang and Yan Da were both entangled. How could they resist this Great Demon?
"Just a few Weapon Refiners, and you want to escape from my hands?"
"Hand over the Sealing Stone, and I can forgive you …"
"…"
The woman laughed in a foxy voice.
"Form! Form the formation! "
Su Yu-jin gritted his teeth and said.
Knowing that he couldn't escape, he simply cut off that thought.
The Family Su had been blacksmiths for generations. Apart from the Nine Edges Refining Array, there was also the Nine Fate Heaven Destroyer Formation!
This formation could unleash the power of a weapon to the extreme. It was similar to the Imperial Sword Seal. The power of the formation depended on the level of the weapons used by the people who set it up. The blacksmiths didn't lack top-notch weapons, so the Nine Fate Heaven Destroyer Formation was also quite powerful.
"Whoosh!"
Su Yu-jin flipped his hand, and a formation disk appeared.
He tossed it lightly, and nine pillars of light shot into the sky. Between these pillars of light, dense runes instantly appeared.
"Return to your positions! Draw your swords! "
Su Yu-jin shouted loudly.
The blacksmiths of the Heavenly Palace had previously presided over the Nine Edges Refining Array, and the Nine Fate Heaven Destroyer Formation was similar. They immediately dove into the pillars of light and drew their swords. The pillars of light resonated with the swords, and immediately emitted a trembling light. Its power increased greatly!
"A mere sword formation?"
The winged woman casually glanced over.
The people who came out of the Hive had a unique arrogance towards the human race.
They were indeed from Jinwu, but in Jinwu, they were regarded as the most perfect creatures. Whether it was talent or strength, they were much stronger than humans of the same level. Moreover, these fellows' cultivation was not high …
She gently flapped her wings, and the golden feathers were imbued with scorching divine flames as they shot toward the sword formation.
Su Yu-jin was, after all, a powerful figure. Facing a Great Demon that was far stronger than him, he did not panic.
The disk array in his hand spun abruptly, and beams of green light gathered together.
The lowest grade longsword in the hands of these equipment forgemasters was a first-rate Mystique Venerable Rank Dao Treasure. Su Yu-jin and a few other equipment forgemasters from the Heavenly Palace even possessed Nirvana Dao Treasures. The power of these Dao Treasures through the Nine Fates Celestial Formation was indeed extraordinary.
"Rise!"
As the light beams converged, they instantly transformed into a large green shield that hovered above everyone's heads.
"Peng peng peng …"
The golden feathers hit the large green shield and made muffled sounds. They were all blocked by the large shield.
The pure golden flames circled around the large green shield a few times before quietly extinguishing.
"Oh?"
There was a hint of surprise in the winged woman's eyes.
She did not expect a few equipment forgemasters to be able to block the divine flames unique to Jinwu. This formation was indeed something.
Those equipment forgemasters were already at the brink of death. Under the protection of the Nine Fates Heavens Punishment Formation, they were finally able to catch their breaths.
However, with her experience, a cold smile appeared on her face as she stared at it. "This formation needs nine people, right? Eight people in a formation, haha … there are quite a few flaws … "
Upon hearing the winged woman's words, Su Yu-jin's expression changed.
This time, the Family Su sent a total of six equipment forgemasters to refine the Seal Stone, while the Heavenly Palace sent three. This way, they could preside over the Nine Edges Refining Array.
However, one of the equipment forgemasters had died while they were escaping. They were indeed one less person, leaving only eight of them.
It was indeed difficult to form a formation with eight people. At the very least, there would be many flaws. Now that the winged woman had seen through it with one glance, Su Yu-jin's expression naturally turned ugly.
"Let's see how long you can last, haha …"
As the woman raised her hand, a strange stream of light suddenly appeared in the sky. From the light, golden flames sprinkled down.
Every divine flame was a fatal existence. As long as they touched the slightest bit of it, they would turn into ashes.
Su Yu-jin did not have the time to care about anything else. At this time, he could only hold on and hope that Yan Da and Yan Dang could finish off their opponents before turning around to deal with the demoness.
However, the great demoness of the Divine Nest was more powerful and had a higher status than Tai Yiwei. The two brothers might not be able to protect themselves!
"Buzz!"
The large green shield opened even wider and protected the eight of them.
The golden divine flames billowed on the shield until they were extinguished …
After a while, the formation disk in Su Yu-jin's hand glowed with a faint red light. With one less person to control the formation, the formation's consumption of Deity Crystals had increased by several times!
He gritted his teeth and poured over a thousand Deity Crystals into the formation disk.
"Sigh! Where's Su Youqi? "
"I haven't seen that guy …"
"At crucial times, that guy never shows up …"
The Family Su members also knew that holding on was not a solution. That guy Su Youqi had also come to Jade Cloud City. Although Su Youqi's reputation in the Family Su was terrible, if he could fill in the last gap, they might be able to hold on. However, after leaving Jade Cloud City, they did not know where he had gone.
Su Yu-jin resisted for a while, then suddenly lifted the formation disk. As the large green shield flipped, green longswords appeared from it and shot toward the winged woman.
However, with eight people controlling the formation, not only was there a considerable gap in its defense, its counterattack was also much weaker.
The winged woman only smiled lightly. She did not even try to dodge. Instead, she wrapped her golden wings around herself and blocked all the green longswords.
She did not suffer the slightest injury. Only a few pieces of her golden wings fell …
Luo Zheng and Su Kuan were hiding in a bush not far away. Under the burning of the divine flames, the surrounding rocks and trees were almost all gone, exposing large patches of black soil. Only this small bush was fortunate enough to survive.
"The Nine Fate Heaven Punishing Formation requires nine people to activate. There are only eight of them, so its power is greatly reduced … Banner Master, I, I want to go over!"
Su Kuan knew that his strength was as laughable as an ant in front of the winged demoness.
However, he was still a member of the Family Su and was very familiar with the formation. He could still fill in the gap.
If he could join in, the might of this great formation would be doubled and even more!
Moreover, Su Youxue was still unconscious in the formation. His father, second uncle, and third uncle … were also among them.

Chapter 2761
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Fireball
Luo Zheng naturally understood Su Kuan's anxiousness.
However, the winged woman was too powerful. The eight craftsmen were barely holding on even with their combined strength.
With their strength, it was impossible for them to get close …
Moreover, even if the nine craftsmen joined forces, would the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array be able to defeat that woman?
"Banner Lord …" Su Kuan pleaded again.
"If you go now, you may be buried with them. Aren't you afraid of death?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan's face was resolute. "I'm not afraid. If I have to watch them die in front of me, it would be more painful for me to live than to die …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
If he were in Luo Zheng's shoes, he would probably make the same choice.
"Okay, I'll help you …"
Luo Zheng still had some means to escape. He still had the ability to save his own life.
However, if it came to that, he would definitely not be able to escape with Su Kuan. That was why he asked him so cautiously.
Since Su Kuan had made up his mind, he grabbed Su Kuan's shoulder.
Before Su Kuan could react, he felt a huge force coming from Luo Zheng's hand. Su Kuan flew forward as if he were riding on clouds.
Whoosh …
The two of them turned into streaks of light and rushed to the opposite hillside.
The winged woman was still confronting the craftsmen. When they saw the streaks of light, their eyes narrowed slightly.
"Look, who's coming?"
"It's Su Kuan, Kuan 'er!"
"He wants to rush into the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array!"
Su Kuan's Second Uncle, Third Uncle, and the others were delighted.
If Su Kuan could join the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array, the array's power would be greatly increased. Their chances of survival would also be much higher.
However, when Su Yu-jin saw this scene, he suddenly roared, "Turn back! Don't come over! Go back! "
The power of the divine fire was so great that even they would die if they touched it, let alone Su Kuan. This banshee of the Hive had already seen through the flaws of the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array. Would she let her son in?
When the winged woman saw Luo Zheng and Su Kuan, a smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. "It's good to be young. You don't know what fear is …"
As she said this, she flicked her fingers.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
A pair of golden wings wrapped in blazing divine flames shot towards Luo Zheng and Su Kuan.
"Go back!"
Su Yu-jin's eyes were bloodshot, and his roar was earth-shattering.
However, it was too late to stop it now. He could only watch as his son turned into ashes.
Everyone else's hearts were racing as well, especially the two armorers from the Heavenly Palace. They naturally hoped that Su Kuan would seize the last chance to enter the Nine Fate Heaven Slaying Grand Matrix.
In the blink of an eye, the three divine flames arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
The scorching flames had yet to reach his body, but Su Kuan's hair was already charred, and his clothes were already on fire.
Looking at Su Kuan who had turned into a ball of flame, Su Yu-jin painfully closed his eyes. The other blacksmiths also sighed …
But at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly flipped over and gathered a huge force, throwing Su Kuan forward!
"Huff huff huff …"
Su Kuan was like a burning fireball, flying straight into the Nine Fate Refining Grand Array.
The flames on his body weren't divine flames. They were just ordinary flames that were ignited by the divine flames. After being thrown by Luo Zheng, the flames on his body were extinguished by the wind, and the charred Su Kuan fell into the Nine Edges Refining Array just like that.
Su Kuan, who was sitting on the ground, was still in a daze. When he came to his senses, he realized that he had already fallen into the array.
Startled, he stood up abruptly and looked back. He saw a huge golden fireball floating in mid-air!
"Banner Lord!"
Su Kuan clenched his fists, and his expression was unusually emotional.
Su Yu-jin was also moved. That kid was actually willing to sacrifice himself in order to send Su Kuan in?
"Huff huff …"
The rolling golden flames enveloped Luo Zheng.
The ball of flames kept rolling on the ground, moving forward, rolling, and moving forward.
A charred path was left behind along the way.
Su Kuan stared blankly at the golden flames and said in a daze, "Banner Lord … Banner Lord is really tenacious …"
No one could last more than a breath's time in the golden flames, but Luo Zheng could actually withstand the flames and move forward. For a moment, the astonishment in Su Kuan's heart overshadowed all other emotions.
Even the winged demoness was moved when she saw this scene.
It was impossible for anyone below the eighth level of the Nirvana Realm to resist the divine flames. This human kid was enveloped by the divine flames, but he could actually last for so long?
This was too abnormal …
She even stopped attacking Luo Zheng because she wanted to see how long it would take for the divine flames to burn this kid to death.
No matter how long it would take, she had to bring this guy's ashes back.
Even the Heavenly Feather Divine Constitution couldn't resist the direct burning of the divine flames at the initial stage of the Nirvana Realm. This kind of strange thing had to be reported to Lady Phoenix.
In the end, Luo Zheng walked slowly under everyone's gaze. However, the closer he got to the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array, the more he staggered. It seemed like his stamina was running out.
"Is he getting slower?"
The winged demoness smirked. To be able to withstand the divine flames for more than a dozen breaths, he was indeed a genius among the human race. It wasn't unjust to die under the divine flames.
Just as she was thinking this, the next scene shocked her so much that her eyeballs almost fell out of their sockets.
When Luo Zheng was still a few feet away from the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array, he suddenly quickened his pace and ran into the array!
Before entering the array, he even turned around. The divine flames all over his body turned into a whirlpool and entered his body. Luo Zheng, who was shining with golden light, even smiled at her!
Seeing that smile, the winged demoness was furious. She knew that she had been tricked.
Jinwu was a very proud race. She could accept failure, but how could she accept being tricked by a kid who had just entered the Nirvana Realm?
"Kid … You tricked me," she said sternly through gritted teeth.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "If I didn't do that, how could I escape in here?"
"You …" The feeling of being tricked made her furious. "You're asking for death! Do you think this array can save your life? Let's see if you can still laugh later! "
After she finished speaking, the golden light on her body surged again, and a scorching aura rolled out.
Su Yu-jin and the group of weapon refiners also stared at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open. It was as if they were not looking at a human, but a great demon. Their faces were full of horror.
Weapon refiners were basically the kings of playing with fire. It was also because of this that the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array could keep the winged demoness' divine flames outside.
If it was a powerhouse of the same level as the winged demoness, it would be much easier to break the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Array.
Jinwu's divine flames were well-known. It was also an excellent weapon refining flame. Whether it was Su Yu-jin or the weapon refiners in the Heavenly Palace, they were very clear about the power of the divine flames!

Chapter 2762
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Nine Ding Profound Armor
"Banner Lord, y-you're fine …" Su Kuan was so excited that he almost jumped up.
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. "Of course I'm fine."
"But your body …" Su Kuan sized up Luo Zheng's body.
These weapon refiners were also very knowledgeable. They had also noticed the strangeness of Luo Zheng's body.
For example, when using the Dipping Fire Divine Technique to refine weapons, the weapon would absorb all the external flames. The appearance of Luo Zheng's body just now was very similar to the Dipping Fire Divine Technique.
However, there were also some unique body tempering techniques in the Mother World, such as fusing the body with metal. They wondered if Luo Zheng had also cultivated such techniques.
"It's fine … These golden lights will fade," Luo Zheng said. His gaze passed through the great formation and looked at the Two-Winged Siren. "Since we're here, we should think about how to deal with that siren."
The Two-Winged Siren kept accumulating power. Her entire body was as dazzling as the sun, shining with boundless golden light.
Su Yu-jin felt the power and quickly said, "Kuan 'er! You take charge of the last formation eye! "
As he spoke, the formation disk in his hand turned slightly. A green light enveloped Luo Zheng and Su Kuan. Su Kuan also pulled out his long sword at this moment.
When the other weapon refiners saw the long sword in Su Kuan's hand, their eyes widened slightly. They all looked at Su Yu-jin.
Su Kuan's long sword was too ordinary. It could not even be considered a third-rate Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure …
In any case, he was the son of the dignified Family Su Master. How could he be so shabby?
Su Yu-jin also felt a little embarrassed.
Naturally, the Family Su could not be so shabby. However, in order to teach this son a lesson, he had taken everything from Su Kuan. He did not even leave a piece of Divine Crystal behind.
"Kuan 'er, catch!"
As Su Yu-jin threw with both hands, a black long sword flew toward him.
The long sword was a first-rate Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure!
"This sword …" Su Kuan's expression changed slightly when he saw the sword.
This sword was called "Moon Chaser". Although a First-tier Mystique Venerable Taoist Treasure was nothing to the Family Su, "Moon Chaser" was the inherited sword of the Family Su.
The owner of this sword would inherit the legacy of the Family Su.
When Su Yu-jin took out the sword at this moment, it did not mean that Su Kuan had really inherited the position of Clan Head, but it was a disguised form of recognition for Su Kuan.
After all, the conflict between the father and son had arisen because of Dragon City. Su Kuan had chased Su Youxue all the way here, and he had played a role at the most critical moment.
Buzz!
As the seventh pillar of green light rose, the power of the Moon Chaser was also absorbed into the Nine Fate Heaven Destroyer Formation.
At this moment, the entire formation became complete!
The pale green light became abnormally solid and powerful!
The winged banshee snorted and spread out her wide wings, causing the air around her to tremble.
She stretched out her slender arms and gently stroked the air.
A small golden ball appeared out of thin air. As she stroked it with her hands, the golden ball was like a rising sun. Its light kept getting stronger and stronger!
The glaring golden light made it difficult to open one's eyes.
Feeling the power of the golden ball, Luo Zheng's expression turned serious. The winged demoness' attack was probably thousands of tons of power!
Su Yu-jin naturally sensed it as well. His expression changed and he kept adjusting the formation plate with one hand. At the same time, he said to the other eight people, "Take out your Nirvana Token!"
The most important thing about the Nine Fate Heaven Destroyer Formation was to absorb the power of treasures. However, Su Yu-jin also asked everyone to take out their Nirvana Tokens to maximize the formation's power.
"Command Fire!"
"Fiery Sun Stone …"
"…"
After the refiners crossed the Nirvana Realm, they would usually look for Nirvana Tokens that were suitable for refining.
These refiners were not weak. After taking out their Nirvana Tokens, a steady stream of Nirvana Force was sent into the formation. The formation's power increased by another level!
The only shortcoming was Su Kuan. His Nirvana Token was very ordinary and the amount of power he could contribute was very limited.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the formation and did not move.
Although his Demonic Eye could contribute a lot of power, this formation could only be absorbed by the people in the formation eye. He was not among them, so he might not be able to absorb it.
Moreover, he did not want to take out his Demonic Eye in front of these people.
Just as they were ready, the winged demoness threw the small sun over …
The energy in the small sun was highly condensed, as if it was real!
Su Yu-jin turned the formation plate and the green light turned into nine cubes. These nine cubes connected with each other and turned into an inverted turtle shell above everyone's head.
Change formation! Nine Ding Profound Armor!
When the turtle shell appeared, the golden ball flew over and landed on top of the turtle shell.
"Boom, boom …"
The golden ball even bounced on the surface of the turtle shell for a while before suddenly shattering.
Divine fire that could burn everything bloomed from the golden ball and turned into a flower that could not be looked at directly with the naked eye.
Separated by a layer of light green turtle shell, everyone could clearly see the golden flames wildly churning and flowing above …
"Crack!"
A thin crack appeared on the surface of the turtle shell.
The moment he saw the crack, Su Yu-jin did not hesitate and gently twisted the formation plate. As the green light poured in, the crack was instantly repaired.
However, just as the repair was completed, a second crack appeared. Su Yu-jin could only repair it again …
After repairing it seven or eight times, the divine fire released by the golden ball finally burned out. They could be considered to have blocked this round of attacks from the winged demoness.
Seeing this scene, the winged demoness frowned slightly.
This Scorching Sun Golden Sun was one of her most powerful magical powers, but it was still blocked by these mediocre refiners. This was completely beyond her expectations.
"It was indeed unexpected that you could block it once with your cultivation, but what about the second time? The third time? "
As she spoke, she gently waved her hand in the air and another round golden ball was brewing in mid-air.
The power of these Weapon Refinement Masters was ultimately limited. Constantly activating the array would exhaust the Paramita Power in the Paramita Token, and it would also exhaust their Qi of True Intent. In the end, they wouldn't even be able to activate their weapons, and the entire array would still collapse.
However, facing the winged demoness' attack, they had no other choice but to face it head-on.
When the winged demoness threw out the second golden ball, more and more cracks appeared on the turtle shell. Just as she said, the formation would really collapse if this happened a few more times.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows when he saw the situation.
If this continued, they would be sitting ducks …
Su Yu-jin defended the second golden ball with all his might.

Chapter 2763
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Substitution
"Su Kuan, is it difficult to control the eye of the formation?" Luo Zheng asked.
Su Kuan was trying his best to squeeze out his Nirvana token to contribute the meager amount of Nirvana power to the great formation.
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, he panted and said, "It's not difficult, but even if the Banner Lord comes personally, I'm afraid it won't help …"
The power of this great formation didn't rely much on the Nirvana token. Even if Luo Zheng's Nirvana token was very powerful, it wouldn't be enough to change the situation.
"Let me try," Luo Zheng said.
Su Kuan blinked his eyes. Even though he felt that it was better than nothing if Luo Zheng replaced him, the Banner Lord wasn't an ordinary person.
Even though he had followed the Banner Lord for some time, he never felt that he had completely seen through him. He didn't even know how strong Luo Zheng really was …
Since Luo Zheng wanted to try, Su Kuan was more than happy to do so.
He said, "Father, I can't hold on any longer …"
After squeezing out too much of the Nirvana token, it was very dim and urgently needed to be replenished with Divine Gems.
Su Yu-jin said, "I'll give you Divine Gems."
Now was the time to fight for their lives. No one cared about Divine Gems.
"Let the Banner Lord do it. He … he's stronger than me!" Su Kuan said.
Su Yu-jin glanced at Luo Zheng doubtfully.
He had exchanged a blow with Luo Zheng before. This fellow's strength was indeed far superior to Su Kuan's. However, even if his Nirvana token was powerful, it was only a drop in the ocean for the great formation. What use was it?
However, Su Yu-jin didn't stop him. In this situation, it was meaningless to replace anyone else. He only said, "Teach him the method to merge with the eye of the formation …"
Then, Su Kuan told Luo Zheng the mental cultivation method and the main points of merging with the eye of the formation.
As long as one wasn't rejected by the great formation, merging with the formation wasn't difficult. Su Kuan explained the essence of it in a few sentences.
Then, Su Kuan withdrew from the green light and replaced Luo Zheng.
Su Kuan, who had retreated, immediately rushed to Su Youxue and hugged her. Although Su Youxue's bloodline had been severely overdrawn to the point of fainting, her life was tenacious and stubborn. After leaving the blood-colored array formation, her face actually had a hint of redness.
This made Su Kuan feel much more at ease.
Buzz!
Under the illumination of this green light, Luo Zheng faintly felt a weak connection with the entire formation.
"Banner Master! Sword! "
Su Kuan wanted to lend his "Chasing Wind" to Luo Zheng. He remembered that Luo Zheng's Snow Sword was broken and had never been repaired.
"No need, I have one." Luo Zheng lightly flipped his hand. A faint golden light flashed, and the Sword of Tengshe appeared in his hand.
Of course, this Sword of Tengshe was the one that the Family Su had imitated. From the outside, this imitated Sword of Tengshe looked exactly the same as the real one. The details of the imitated Sword of Tengshe were imitated to perfection.
When Su Yu-jin and the other tool refiners saw the Sword of Tengshe, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
They naturally knew the origin of this sword. Imitations of ancient treasures, and even Xiantian dao treasures, had always been very popular in the Origin World.
However, the people who bought these imitations usually kept them as collections. Very few would actually use them in battle …
Although they felt it was strange, they didn't have the leisure to care about it. The Winged Demoness had already thrown the third golden ball.
When this golden ball released its divine fire, Su Yu-jin could only concentrate. If by any chance he missed something, the divine fire would pour down and kill everyone below.
Luo Zheng's participation didn't cause a fundamental reversal of the entire formation.
Su Yu-jin controlled the formation plate and continuously drew everyone's Qi of Trueness and Paramita Power along with their long swords. He was almost using all his strength.
However, there was still a wisp of golden divine fire burning down from the crack!
The divine fire rustled down and was about to envelop Su Kuan's head. Su Yu-jin's expression changed. "Kuan 'er! Be careful! "
Su Kuan hugged Su Youxue. It was too late for him to avoid the divine fire.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and blocked Su Kuan's head. The divine fire once again turned Luo Zheng into a ball of fire. Su Kuan hugged Su Youxue and rolled on the ground to avoid it.
Seeing this, the Winged Demoness looked a little regretful.
She pretended to be calm on the surface, but in fact, this golden ball consumed a lot of her divine fire. With her cultivation, she could only release three to five golden balls at most in a short period of time.
When the divine fire was exhausted, her strength would drop rapidly. Moreover, the consumption of divine fire couldn't be replenished with divine crystals.
If she released two more golden balls and still couldn't take down this formation, she was afraid that she would really be at her wit's end!
For a moment, she actually hesitated!
At this moment, a huge roar suddenly erupted from afar.
A golden light pillar shot up to the sky as if a volcano had erupted. The earth shook and the mountains shook. At the same time, there was billowing smoke and dust that slowly spread.
Everyone in the formation and the Winged Demoness looked over …
In the midst of the smoke and dust, a golden figure suddenly appeared. That figure was heading straight towards them.
"Has the outcome been decided?" The Winged Demoness's lips curled up slightly.
The golden figure approached quickly, carrying a black object in her hand.
As she flew over, she threw the black object on the ground. That object was already broken into pieces, but the shape of a person could still be vaguely seen.
"It's Yan Dang!"
"Yan Dang has fallen?"
"There's no hope!"
Yan Da and Yan Dang were top-notch five-star Tai Yiwei. Yet, they had died at the hands of this demoness just like that.
The blacksmiths were extremely shocked when they saw this scene.
They still wanted to wait for the two brothers' help. Now that Yan Dang had fallen, Yan Da's situation wouldn't be any better!
"Yao … It's just a few blacksmiths. Haven't they taken care of them yet?" Xu Zi asked faintly.
Yao shook his head. "These blacksmiths can refine the sealing stone. The formation they set up is very strange. It seems to have a miraculous effect on flames. Divine fire can't burn through it."
"Is that so?" Xu Zi glanced at the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Formation. "Sister's battle hasn't been resolved yet. If we delay, there might be changes. Let's do it together."
Hearing the conversation between the two winged demonesses, the blacksmiths' hearts kept falling into the abyss.
Even Su Yu-jin, who had never admitted defeat, turned pale.
They couldn't even deal with one Hive demoness, and now there was a pair of them. This was simply a situation of certain death.
While Su Yu-jin was at a loss, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Family Head Su, does this formation only have a defensive formation?"
"Of course not, but …" Su Yu-jin smiled bitterly.
This formation had two variations. One was the Nine Ding Profound Armor, and the other was the Nine Yi Killing Formation.
However, facing the Hive demonesses, they could only passively take a beating. How could they dare to change to a killing formation?
Previously, he only wanted to delay until Yan Da and Yan Dang came to help, but what he got was news of his death …
"Change the formation. Instead of sitting and waiting for death, it's better to fight to the death," Luo Zheng said.
Su Yu-jin's eyes flashed slightly. The other blacksmiths also looked determined.
Since they had made up their minds, Su Yu-jin no longer hesitated. He gently twisted the formation plate in his hand, and all the longswords floating in the air returned to their hands.

Chapter 2764
Everyone's Doubts
When Xu Zi and Yao saw this, contempt appeared in their eyes.
In their eyes, this wasn't a fight between trapped beasts or a desperate struggle ….
If these people were strong enough, they would be worthy of their attention.
But their cultivation wasn't enough for them to take a second look.
"They've already given up on themselves. Let's do it." Yao waved her arm in the air, and a golden ball appeared once more.
Strands of golden flames sprang up from Xu Zi's wings. She suddenly drifted away, drawing a stunning arc in the air as she flew towards the formation.
"Everyone! Let's do it …. "
The green pillar of light suddenly retracted and condensed on everyone's swords.
Just as the pillar of light condensed, Luo Zheng's hand silently shook, and the Sword of Tengshe in his hand quietly swapped.
If he had no choice but to use the Tengshe, he could only use this method to deceive others. He had spent two hours practicing this small technique of switching swords, and had even applied a small concealment formation to the Sword of Tengshe to prevent others from seeing through it.
When Luo Zheng switched the real Sword of Tengshe in his hand, the green light just happened to condense on the blade!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's True Intent aura continuously poured into the Sword of Tengshe, which was then absorbed by the large formation.
"Nine Unity Killing Formation! Go! "
At this moment, Su Yu-jin put down the formation disk in his hand. Since they were going to fight to the death, there was no need to change the formation.
As he suddenly shook his sword, the others all stabbed forward in unison!
"Zi — —"
Nine green sword lights rose from the ground, converging to form a giant green sword.
This scene was all within Su Yu-jin's expectations.
But the next moment left him dumbfounded ….
The eight sword lights within the giant green sword were all powerful. After all, the artificers' swords were of high quality, and no one would foolishly hide their strength in a life-and-death situation.
But one of the sword lights was very thin and curved, like a small spirit snake slithering within the giant green sword!
"What is this?" Su Yu-jin was stunned.
As the little snake slithered about, it actually swallowed all the other sword lights one by one, and its own body was madly growing stronger …
"Artifact soul?" A craftsman from the Heavenly Palace blurted out.
Su Kuan's Third Uncle shook his head and said, "How is that possible? The Nine Fate Heaven Vanquishing Formation is powered by sword qi. It's impossible for the artifact's soul to slip into it …"
"But what do you think this is?"
An artifact soul was not something rare, and all the artifact refiners present could easily refine it.
However, the artifact's soul was still a soul, and the sword light squeezed out by the array was pure energy. No matter how powerful the soul was, it would be destroyed by it.
These Artifact Refiners were all experienced and knowledgeable people, but they were unable to distinguish its origin at a glance.
Even if it was an Artifact Soul, what kind of weapon's Artifact Soul could give them such a strong sense of oppression?
While they were still in shock, the sword light in the green sword had already been swallowed up by the small snake.
The only thing left in the entire green greatsword was the small, curvy snake!
Then, the little snake rode the green sword and flew away at an extraordinary speed!
"Sou!"
Xu Zi approached the array at an extremely fast speed, but before she could make a move, she saw the green sword and the small snake within it.
The small snake's soybean-sized eyes were neither happy nor sad, but for some reason, it gave Xu Zi an extremely strong sense of threat.
She flapped her wings almost involuntarily as the Divine Fire around her body swept out a scorching wave, sending her flying backwards!
But by the time she realized the danger, it was already too late.
The green sword's speed far exceeded hers, and in the blink of an eye, it was right in front of her.
"Pop!"
She saw the tip of the giant sword pierce through her abdomen, followed by her head. Finally, her consciousness faded away, and her entire body was cleaved in half by the giant sword.
The demoness' body temperature was extremely high, and her blood was constantly boiling.
Now that she had fallen, her body that had been split into two began to spontaneously combust before it even hit the ground. The golden flames had already burned her corpse to a crisp.
The demoness named Harrier's expression changed drastically when she saw this scene!
She didn't even have time to throw out the golden ball in her hand. She threw it casually and was about to flee.
She flapped her wings and transformed into a golden streak of light that flew into the distance.
But the green sword's speed was clearly several times faster. It covered the distance of several thousand feet in the blink of an eye …
"Puff!"
As the green sword slashed down, Harrier's corpse turned into two balls of flames and burned to ashes.
The green sword floated in the air for a few seconds before gradually dissipating. The small snake that was connected to the sword also disappeared without a trace.
Everyone in the Nine Fate Heaven Punishing Array was also stunned, as if they had seen a ghost.
When they looked at each other, their eyes were filled with shock.
Su Yu-jin was even more stunned for a while. Finally, he looked at Luo Zheng and locked his gaze on the Sword of Tengshe in his hand.
He wasn't the only one. The other artificers were the same …
After Luo Zheng had slashed with the sword, he had quietly put the Sword of Tengshe into his spatial ring. What they saw was naturally the fake sword that Family Su had forged.
At this moment, he was also a little stunned.
The effect of activating the Imperial Sword Seal and the Nine Fate Heaven Punishing Array seemed to be completely different.
Was it because of the difference in formations?
Or was the effect of activating completely controlled by the snake spirit in Tengshe's Sword?
He knew too little about this innate treasure. Until now, he hadn't even been able to communicate with the snake spirit!
"That weapon spirit just now … was a snake!"
"Was the long sword in this person's hand really forged by Family Su?"
"My friend, could you let us have a look at the sword in your hand?"
A third-grade Mystique Venerable Level treasure couldn't possibly erupt with such power. The artificers felt that it was very strange.
This confusion even diluted the joy of escaping death. Logically speaking, the crisis hadn't been resolved yet. They should be fleeing, but each one of them was fighting to uncover this mystery.
"This sword?"
Luo Zheng gently raised the Sword of Tengshe, flipped it over, and handed it to Su Yu-jin.
Su Yu-jin turned the sword over and over, studying it in his hands. After noticing a mark on the hilt, he handed it to his second brother. "This sword was forged by you. Take a look …"
Family Su's second brother took it and studied it for a while. He said rather strangely, "This sword was indeed forged by me, but it's just an imitation …"
"Could it be that the weapon spirit just now wasn't because of this sword?" A Heavenly Palace artificer said with a puzzled expression.
Su Yu-jin shook his head. "It definitely wasn't …"

Chapter 2765
The Dead Come Back to Life
The other artificers were confused, but Su Yu-jin was not an idiot.
He was in charge of the Nine Fate Heavenly Punishment Formation, and knew the entire formation like the back of his hand. That powerful sword energy had clearly come from Luo Zheng's direction!
And the suggestion to change the formation had been proposed by Luo Zheng. Associating it with his previously confident appearance, Su Yu-jin's guess was confirmed.
Su Yu-jin also did not understand why the Sword of Tengshe in his hand was a replica.
But when the formation had been activated, everyone's attention had not been on Luo Zheng. It would not have been difficult for him to swap the bird out.
No matter what, Su Yu-jin could not point this out.
The strength that this person had displayed was extraordinary. His background was definitely not simple.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had saved their lives.
Since the other party was unwilling to reveal his trump card, it would be untactful of him to point it out.
Thinking that his son had followed such a person, it could be considered Su Kuan's fortune.
If everything went smoothly, he might have a great opportunity in the future.
He sighed in his heart. If he had really stopped Su Kuan back then, the situation today would probably be irreversible.
Since Yan Dang had died, Yan Da and the other Tai Yiwei would probably not have a good ending.
But Su Yu-jin had a heavy responsibility. He had to take Feng Shi away, and naturally could not care so much.
Actually, Su Yu-jin was not the only one who had seen this.
When the strange phenomenon in the huge sword had appeared, Su Kuan had almost immediately thought of Luo Zheng.
He suddenly remembered what Luo Zheng had asked his Fifth Uncle when he had bought the sword in Dragon City. He had actually asked about the grade of the Sword of Tengshe, and was very concerned about it.
At that time, Su Kuan and his Fifth Uncle had thought that Luo Zheng was just purely curious.
Thinking of Luo Zheng buying the replica of the Sword of Tengshe, Su Kuan was also puzzled. Now that he thought about it, Luo Zheng was probably just using it as a cover!
As for the other weapon refiners, they more or less had some guesses in their hearts.
These craftsmen had good foresight, but after all, they didn't personally operate the formation, so they couldn't sense the source of that power. Not only did they suspect Luo Zheng, but they also suspected each other. Some even suspected that it was Su Yu-jin.
Since he had only managed to keep his life, there was no point in suspecting him.
No matter who the owner of such a treasure was, they must have a strong background and it was not something that Weapon Refiners like them could meddle in.
But just as everyone was preparing to flee, a fist-sized brown sphere suddenly appeared where one of the winged demonesses had been killed.
The sphere suddenly cracked …
A faint figure floated into the air. It was none other than Xu Zi.
"Hermit's divine ability!" Su Yu-jin's expression changed.
"It's the resurrection eye of the dead! Jinwu's Hermit Divine Power! Let's go! "
"Now that I've been targeted by that thing, it'll be hard for me to escape …"
Some of the Hermit Divine Arts would only take effect after they had died.
For example, some Hermit Divine Arts could allow the original body to survive for a short period of time after death and take revenge.
The resurrection eye of the dead was one of them, and it was unique to Jinwu.
Xu Zi was definitely dead, and the resurrected figure could only be used as an eye to follow the person who had killed her. Moreover, it would continuously transmit what it saw back to Jinwu!
She floated in the air and glanced at everyone with a cold gaze.
When they moved forward, the figure followed. When they stopped, the figure also stopped!
"We can't go on like this!"
"I'm afraid we won't be able to return to the Mountain River Fortress …"
"We have to find a way to destroy the resurrection eye of the dead!"
They stopped in their tracks.
One after another, they attacked in an attempt to destroy the figure.
However, Jinwu was best at fire and space Divine Arts. How could the resurrection eye of the dead be destroyed so easily?
No matter what kind of attack they used, they could only pass through the figure. They couldn't destroy it at all.
Luo Zheng also tried a few Divine Arts, and the situation was similar to the others.
"It's useless. That kind of technique isn't something you can destroy. You should be able to use the Falling Star Hand, but … hehe," 9527's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
The Falling Star Hand itself wasn't powerful enough, but it was the highest level of energy that could be used with the help of the Truth Crystal. Under special circumstances, it could often produce miraculous effects.
However, Luo Zheng had just risked using the Tengshe Sword, which had already aroused Su Yu-jin's suspicion.
If he used the Falling Star Hand now, he might be completely exposed.
Although he had entered Dragon City, he still didn't have a clear understanding of the situation in the mother world. It was unwise to expose his origin.
However, sometimes in order to survive, he had to do something even though he knew it was impossible.
Before Luo Zheng made up his mind, a sudden change occurred.
They only felt a great sense of oppression appear out of nowhere in the sky, and then they saw Xu Zi's figure change.
Her appearance changed, and her aura was constantly strengthening, quickly surpassing Xu Zi's …
When Su Yu-jin and the others saw her appearance, their expressions changed slightly.
She was the woman who had descended on Dragon City, and also the master of Jinwu's Hive, Phoenix!
Such a powerful existence, even if it was only a disillusionment projection, could easily kill everyone present.
If it was a Hive Banshee, they would still have the desire to fight and the motivation to struggle. Facing Phoenix, they wouldn't have the courage or the need to resist!
Phoenix looked down at the people below.
That peerlessly beautiful face was as terrifying as the Grim Reaper.
"The Sealing Stone … Hand it over," Phoenix's cold voice floated over.
Her soul was too powerful. Although it was only a projection, there was some kind of soul-stirring power in her words that seemed to be inviolable.
Su Yu-jin stood in place and didn't move.
He had escaped certain death, and now he had to hand over the Sealing Stone. No matter what, he was unwilling.
"Hand it over!"
Phoenix's aura surged again, and the oppression was even stronger.
Among these people, Su Kuan's soul was the weakest. His legs trembled, and he could barely stand.
The Disillusionment Projection was also very taxing on Phoenix.
Last time, the Disillusionment Projection had destroyed four of the Myriad Darkness Sealing Sword Formations. She had used the Disillusionment Projection for the second time, and her strength was less than half of what it was before.
On one hand, she didn't know who had the Sealing Stone, and on the other hand, the Disillusionment Projection couldn't take it away. What she projected was actually a ball of pure energy.
Thus, she forced these people to hand over the Sealing Stone, and had the other Golden Crows take it away.
Since they weren't willing to hand it over, she could only kill them all and have the Jinwu take the Sealing Stone away.
Su Yu-jin naturally understood what Phoenix was thinking. He was also thinking of a chance to survive.
Seeing that Phoenix was running out of patience, Su Yu-jin suddenly took out a small Purification Bottle and raised it above his head. "The Sealing Stone is dissolved in this Purification Bottle!"
Phoenix raised her eyebrows slightly. She stretched out her hand, and the Purification Bottle floated up and floated towards her.
Just as the Purification Bottle floated towards Phoenix, Su Yu-jin suddenly transmitted his voice through Quintessential Essence, "That Purification Bottle is empty! Everyone, run for your lives! "

Chapter 2766
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Absorption
When the others heard Su Yu-jin's words, they were also shocked.
However, since Su Yu-jin had already made such a choice, they had no other choice.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
If they wasted any more time, they would face death. There was no hesitation in their hearts.
Everyone squeezed their strength to the limit and fled in all directions!
"Clack …"
That Purified Bottle fell into Phoenix's hand.
She squeezed her hand lightly, and the Purified Bottle shattered into pieces. It was empty.
She suddenly raised her head, and her beautiful face was filled with anger. "How dare you play tricks on me. All of you … are courting death!"
"Whoosh —"
Phoenix suddenly flapped her wings. As her wings flapped, countless tiny cracks appeared in the surroundings.
The Heaven and Earth Cage locked the space within the entire prefecture, making greater teleportation ineffective. However, for ordinary people, powerful people like Phoenix could break through the confinement of the Heaven and Earth Cage!
After she used the Disillusionment Projection, she could not perform greater teleportation. However, using the True Meaning of Space Disillusionment to fly, her speed was naturally much faster than ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivators!
"Kachacha …"
When Phoenix's figure sped forward, cracks appeared in the air. It was as if she was stepping on a fragile mirror, leaving dense cracks along the way.
"So fast!"
When Su Yu-jin heard this voice, he turned his head and his expression changed.
Even though he had squeezed his Nirvana Realm token, his flying speed was still far behind her.
Looking at Phoenix's speed, she would catch up to him in less than three to five breaths.
His expression sank slightly, and he looked to both sides.
On the left was his second brother, Su You Ming, and on the right was Luo Zheng …
There was too little time for him to think. Without thinking, two Purified Bottles appeared in his hands again. At the same time, he roared, "Catch!"
After saying that, he used all his strength to throw out the two Purified Bottles!
Luo Zheng was also flying with all his strength. When he heard Su Yu-jin's shout, he was slightly stunned. Then, he saw one of the Purified Bottles flying towards him. He instantly cursed in his heart.
Facing a powerful existence like Phoenix, whoever held the Purifying Bottle would die.
Luo Zheng was not a fool. Although he was curious about the stone, his life was more important at this time. He had no intention of reaching out to grab the bottle!
At this time, Phoenix was already close to Su Yu-jin. She sneered and gently waved her finger. Three strands of golden light rolled out like soft ribbons. One of the strands of golden light swept towards Su Yu-jin.
"Feng!"
The moment this ribbon-like golden light touched Su Yu-jin, his entire body was charred black, and he turned into a human-shaped pile of ashes.
The other two strands of golden light split up and flew toward the two flying Purified Vases.
The speed at which the golden light spread through the air was extremely fast. It was almost as if the golden light had arrived first. One of the golden light split open the Purified Vase and rolled towards Su Youming.
Su You Ming's fate was the same as his brother's. He was turned into a fireball when he was swept by the golden light, and then burned to ashes.
The Purified Vase that had been split open by the golden light was also empty.
The other strand of golden light rolled towards Luo Zheng and split open the last Purified Vase.
"Pa!"
The moment the Purified Vase broke, drops of black Sealing Stone were revealed.
This Sealing Stone had its own spirituality. When it was absorbed into the Purified Vase, the Sealing Stone was constantly struggling, trying to escape.
Now that the Purified Vase had been opened, it naturally had a chance!
Although Luo Zheng was focused on escaping, he had also spread out his divine sense. He could clearly see what was happening around him. Naturally, he also sensed the Sealing Stone that had rushed out of the shattered Purified Vase not far from him.
He cursed in his heart. Why did you throw the Purified Vase that contained the Sealing Stone at me! You should have thrown it to your brother! Perhaps this demoness wouldn't cause trouble for me if she got the Sealing Stone! Weren't you deliberately trying to kill me by doing this?
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Su Yu-jin was also extremely flustered at the last moment. He simply didn't have time to identify the Sealing Stone. He only wanted to throw the two Purified Vases to confuse the enemy. He also didn't know which Purified Vase the Sealing Stone was in.
"Whoosh!"
What made Luo Zheng even more depressed was that after the black thing rushed out of the Purified Vase, it actually headed straight for him.
The liquid-like Sealing Stone had actually condensed on his back!
"What the hell …"
Luo Zheng felt extremely sullen.
Since this thing could run on its own, it should have stayed away from him. Why was it sticking to his back?
Just as Luo Zheng was about to circulate his power and shake it off, the ribbon of golden light split open the Purified Vase and swept towards Luo Zheng as usual.
This golden ribbon was actually the same as Yao's golden ball. After being highly condensed, the Divine Fire no longer had the appearance of a flame. In fact, it was still the Divine Fire itself. However, Yao and Xu Zi's methods were inferior to Phoenix's, so their level of condensing Divine Fire was far inferior to Phoenix's.
"Whoosh!"
Even though Luo Zheng rolled on the ground, he still couldn't escape. The ribbon wrapped around Luo Zheng.
"Feng!"
The blazing Divine Fire bloomed on Luo Zheng's body, and he once again turned into a fireball.
At this moment, Luo Zheng only had one thought in his mind, and that was to continue running forward!
"Hmm?"
The Phoenix Maiden's eyes were filled with astonishment.
She had originally thought that after burning this kid, she would naturally obtain the Sealing Stone.
She had never imagined that this would happen. That kid was actually running forward while covered in Divine Fire?
However, she thought that Luo Zheng might very well have some fire-resistant treasure or a Paramita Token that could restrain the flames.
However, with Luo Zheng's cultivation level, no matter how special his divine ability was, he shouldn't be able to hold on for long …
However, as Phoenix tailed him, the surprise in her beautiful eyes grew more and more intense.
After being covered in flames, this kid's running speed didn't slow down. Instead, he became more and more agile and faster?
This meant that the Divine Fire didn't cause him any harm!
As soon as Eagle discovered Luo Zheng's ability, he had been bent on capturing Luo Zheng and bringing him back to the Divine Nest for Great God Phoenix to investigate.
After witnessing this with her own eyes, Phoenix was indeed very interested!
Even if she didn't use the Divine Fire, she could still kill Luo Zheng. After the second Disillusionment Projection, her cultivation level had decreased greatly. However, she could still casually attack with the power of thousands of Shen Jun, and she could easily tear Luo Zheng into pieces.
Now, she just wanted to watch. After all, Luo Zheng couldn't possibly escape from her hands.
However, just as she was about to follow, something strange happened.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to shake off the Sealing Stone stuck to his back, but as the flames suddenly rose, vortexes appeared all over his body and automatically absorbed the Divine Fire.
The Sealing Stone had already been calcined by the Nine Edges Refining Array. and was extremely sticky. Under the burning of the Divine Fire, it turned into a little bit of liquid and flowed down Luo Zheng's back. As it flowed, those vortexes sucked the liquid-like Sealing Stone into them.

Chapter 2767
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Third Disillusionment Projection
"That thing … has been, has been, absorbed?"
Luo Zheng's heart shook violently.
He knew that his physical body could absorb flames, and he had swallowed many kinds of flames.
However, his physical body had never swallowed a material object …
This sealing stone could be used to forge a Nirvana Realm treasure!
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. However, before he could think about the consequences of this matter, there was a sudden sound behind him.
"Kacha, kacha …"
That was the sound of space being torn apart. Phoenix had caught up to him and was only two to three feet away.
"How long … can you last?" Phoenix suddenly asked.
The divine fire she released was of a higher grade than that of Kiln and Xu Zi, but this guy did not seem to feel anything. He ran all the way against the divine fire, and Phoenix could not look straight at him. She finally could not help but ask.
"Let me go, and I'll tell you," Luo Zheng replied.
"Do you think that's possible?" Phoenix smiled faintly and did not reveal too much malice. "If you're willing to follow me back to the Divine Nest, I promise I won't kill you …"
"Do you think I'll agree to that?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
He believed that Phoenix would not kill him …
However, if Phoenix brought him back to Jinwu, everything about him would be exposed.
If the secrets of the Divine Territory were exposed, it would be more unacceptable than killing him.
"But that's not up to you …" Phoenix replied nonchalantly.
She gently stretched out her hands, and a golden ball appeared above Luo Zheng's head. This golden ball not only nurtured the divine fire, but it also contained a powerful force.
Luo Zheng felt the power of the golden ball, and his face darkened.
When he destroyed the four Myriad Underworlds Sealing Sword Formations, the scene was exactly like this. The divine power contained within them was definitely not something he could withstand.
His journey into the Mother World ended at this point?
Even if he died, he could not be taken away by this demoness!
At this moment, Luo Zheng actually had the thought of risking his life!
"Boom!"
He frantically extracted the power of the Nirvana Realm token.
With the fusion of the Nirvana Realm power, his aura also skyrocketed!
"Is this a firefly trying to outshine the sun and moon?" Phoenix smiled casually.
Luo Zheng not only squeezed out the power of the Nirvana Realm Token, but also the power of his physical body, the power of the Nine Stars, and the energy of the Path Fusion …
All the power that could be used was squeezed out at this moment.
He didn't even have the time to pull out his sword. He just gathered all his strength and jumped up, smashing towards Phoenix's disillusionment projection.
Just as Luo Zheng was squeezing out all his power, a small brown ball above his head suddenly shattered.
"Crack!"
A unique mark appeared above his head.
"Hermit Divine Ability, Withering Force!"
This Hermit Divine Ability required the user to squeeze out all the power in their body before it could be activated.
After that, it would bestow upon the user even greater power!
Even when facing Dongfang Chunjun in the Divine Realm, Luo Zheng did not squeeze out all of his power at the same time. The conditions for this Hermit Theurgy to work were very harsh, so Luo Zheng had kept it until now.
When Luo Zheng squeezed out all of his power, it was almost the power of hundreds of Godly Jun!
When the mark of Withering Force appeared, a wild power leaked out from the mark, causing his power of Godly Jun to increase by five times!
"Five hundred Godly Jun of Power!"
At this moment, time seemed to have stopped.
Phoenix looked at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at a monster.
This kid could actually make her feel threatened … He had just entered the Nirvana Realm, and in her eyes, he was just a young human kid.
"This is really interesting. Is this a Hermit Divine Ability created by using a Nirvana Realm Token like the Withered Tree of the Divine Veins? It doesn't seem like the style of the Heavenly Palace … "Phoenix felt that this kid was getting more and more mysterious.
The Withered Tree of the Divine Veins was a special Nirvana Token. The user had to squeeze out all of his power until he withered. Then, the Withered Tree of the Divine Veins would bestow even greater power. Depending on the grade of the Withered Tree of the Divine Veins, the power of the Nirvana Realm that was fed back was usually two to three times the maximum power squeezed out.
Luo Zheng was only relying on the Hermit Divine Ability, but he could feed back five times the power. This was very shocking.
To be able to create such a Hermit Divine Ability, the person's power was probably not below Phoenix …
However, even if Luo Zheng exploded with an incredible power of five hundred Godly Jun, he was still under Phoenix's control. The difference in power between the two of them was too big.
If Luo Zheng had the cultivation of the Siren of the Hive, he could explode with a power of over a thousand Godly Jun. Through the Withered Tree of the Divine Veins, he could reach a power of five thousand Godly Jun. Maybe he could kill Phoenix's Disillusionment Projection.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's power was ten times weaker …
"Whoosh …"
Phoenix stepped back slightly, and her eyelashes trembled slightly. The power in the golden ball poured down and blasted towards Luo Zheng's head.
The power in it was definitely not something Luo Zheng could resist.
However, before the power in the golden ball could touch Luo Zheng, another brown ball above Luo Zheng's head shattered.
"Hermit Divine Ability, Wind and Cloud Escape!"
"Why are there so many …" Phoenix was speechless when she saw this scene.
At this moment, she almost had an illusion. Did she catch Donghuang's son?
"Whoosh, whoosh —"
A breeze blew past, and the wind and clouds changed under heaven and earth.
White fog rose from Luo Zheng's body. His entire body seemed to be riding on the clouds as he flew towards a direction.
This was not a great teleportation, but the speed was unimaginably fast.
Even Luo Zheng, who was in the white fog, could not feel how fast he was …
"Damn it …"
Looking at Luo Zheng leaving, Phoenix gritted her teeth.
This guy had endless tricks up his sleeves. He had just entered the Nirvana Realm. If he really had a great opportunity to rise in the future, what would happen?
Moreover, the Sealing Stone was still in this guy's hands. There was no way she would let Luo Zheng go!
"Disperse …"
She looked in the direction of the Wind and Cloud Escape. She dispersed the Disillusionment Projection and disappeared.
…
…
The huge Hive was like a sun, emitting endless golden light all the time.
Countless Golden Crows converged into a river, circling the Hive tirelessly.
In the center of the Hive, there was a high platform. On the high platform was a huge throne. From the throne, a pair of golden wings emitted a holy light. The slender and beautiful wings hung down from both ends.
The owner of the wings suddenly opened her eyes and frowned. It was Phoenix, who had just dispersed the Disillusionment Projection.
"Nana … I want to use the Disillusionment Projection for the third time," Phoenix said in a serious tone.
Below the throne sat another Hive Demoness. It was the "Nana" that she had called.
Nana looked at Phoenix in surprise. "Lady Phoenix, if you use the Disillusionment Projection for the third time in a short period, your strength will be weakened by half again …"
The Disillusionment Projection was a forbidden move in the True Meaning of Disillusionment of Void. It ignored distance and had no form of space imprisonment. However, using this move consumed too much energy.
Nana could not figure it out. If she was facing a strong enemy, the third Disillusionment Projection would be useless. She could not fight against such a strong enemy.
If she was facing a weak enemy, the second Disillusionment Projection would be more than enough.
"Do as I say," Phoenix said expressionlessly.
She naturally would not tell her that a human kid who had just entered the Nirvana Realm had escaped from her hands.

Chapter 2768
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Frivolous
In Phoenix's perception, Luo Zheng was escaping at an extremely fast speed.
This speed was almost the same as Phoenix's flying speed at full speed. It was amazing that the Hermit Theurgy could achieve such an effect.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Phoenix Maiden sensed that Luo Zheng had stopped.
At this time, she stretched out her slender fingers and gently placed them on the armrest of the throne.
A special starry pattern appeared on the armrest. Then, the entire Hive began to shake. The Golden Crows around the Hive rose into the air. Along with the violent shaking, the space above Phoenix's head was torn apart again. A bright light shrouded her body.
Then, a shadow separated from Phoenix's body and went into the space crack.
Guanshan Prefecture …
The terrain towards the west became more and more flat.
The cloud seemed to have fallen from the sky and rolled along the ground at high speed.
Some creatures along the way saw the cloud and dodged.
Finally, the cloud and fog stopped on a green grassland. The fog began to drift away with the wind, leaving Luo Zheng standing there alone.
"These two Hermit Theurgies are good …" Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief.
The Hermit Theurgies that Jiu Li left him were all extraordinary.
Especially the "Power of Exhaustion", which increased his strength by five times! It was a pity that he was not strong enough. If he had the strength of five-star Tai Yiwei, he would probably be able to tear apart Phoenix's disillusionment projection.
Luo Zheng was distressed that he had to use two Hermit Theurgies at once. But in the end, he managed to escape.
But Su Kuan's father and uncle were killed by Phoenix. He wondered how Su Kuan would feel if he knew.
After calming himself down, Luo Zheng wanted to check his back. He wondered what the effect of absorbing the sealing stone would be on him …
At this moment, 9527's voice came again, "Luo Zheng … be careful."
Luo Zheng looked up and saw an illusory figure quietly condensing.
"Here it comes again!"
Luo Zheng scowled miserably, his brows knitted together.
This Phoenix was simply haunting him like a ghost!
In the blink of an eye, the huge wings appeared in the sky again.
This time, Phoenix's momentum was far weaker than last time. The strength of this projection was probably even weaker than that of an ordinary Hive Banshee.
Even so, it was far from what Luo Zheng could resist now …
"Things would have been much easier if you had followed me just now.. but now, I'm afraid I'm going to make you suffer …" Phoenix's cold voice spread. cold.
She couldn't directly pull Luo Zheng back to the Hive, so she could only use some extreme means to keep Luo Zheng here and let the Golden Crow come and take him away.
Luo Zheng stared at the Phoenix Maiden as thoughts spun rapidly in his mind. However, in the face of such a powerful existence, he indeed had no ability to resist …
But while he was looking at Phoenix Lady, he suddenly saw a faint figure appear behind her.
Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened. His eyes were full of incredulity, and his mouth was slightly agape.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Phoenix also felt a little strange. She asked coldly, "What's the meaning of your expression? What other tricks do you want to play? Or … do you have some special Hermit Divine Ability? "
In Luo Zheng's line of sight, the figure became clearer and clearer. It was a handsome middle-aged man with a long beard.
What kind of Divine Ability did this person use? How could he be so stealthy that he could even avoid Phoenix's perception?
When the old man was close to Phoenix, Phoenix finally noticed the person behind her.
Her pupils suddenly shrank, and her wide wings suddenly curled up towards the center. Those golden feathers were like thousands of sharp blades, compressing towards her.
However, the middle-aged man calmly approached the Phoenix Maiden. He actually reached out his hand and gently caressed her extremely beautiful face. Only then did he move away from her.
Killing intent blossomed in her eyes. Her curled wings slashed down on the middle-aged man like nimble arms.
The middle-aged man's body was extremely agile. He moved with the wind, almost sticking to her wings as he dodged …
After dodging a few times, he actually stuck close to Phoenix again. He even reached out and pinched Phoenix's chest. At the same time, he chuckled and said, "Hehe, it's said that demonesses' skin is smoother than human women's. It seems the rumors are true!"
This Phoenix was only a disillusioned projection. She wasn't the real body. How could there be such a thing as smoothness?
She couldn't drive this person away. She had no choice but to activate her Divine Fire.
With a "fuse," Phoenix's entire body was covered in Divine Fire.
Although the middle-aged man could play with Phoenix in the palm of his hand, he was still very afraid of the Golden Crow Divine Fire. Thus, he had no choice but to retreat.
He slowly descended and landed beside Luo Zheng.
"Senior Qiu." Luo Zheng cupped his hands.
"You recognize me?" Qiu Yinhe asked with a smile.
"I can tell from your voice," Luo Zheng replied.
Just now, Luo Zheng was also very confused. What kind of person dared to tease Phoenix in Jinwu like this?
When Qiu Yinhe spoke, Luo Zheng recognized his voice. He had heard Qiu Yinhe's voice in the towering sword that day.
"Scum of the human race. Sure enough, they are all despicable people. I want you dead!"
Phoenix was also a high and mighty existence in Jinwu. When had she ever been humiliated like this?
Qiu Yinhe curled his lips and said, "Your appearance, your language … even the inheritance of the Divine Fire, they all belong to the human race. Why do you have to look down on our race?"
"Shut up!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she rushed down toward Qiu Yinhe.
It could be seen that Phoenix was indeed very angry. The Divine Fire on her body soared like a falling sun.
In terms of strength, Phoenix, as the Master of the Hive, was slightly stronger than Qiu Yinhe.
However, Phoenix did not come in person. Moreover, this was her second disillusionment projection. Her strength was halved again and again. She was about the same as five-star Tai Yiwei. How could she be Qiu Yinhe's opponent?
Qiu Yinhe turned around gently and only moved his right hand.
Even Luo Zheng, who was close at hand, did not see how Qiu Yinhe pulled out his sword. He only saw Qiu Yinhe's action of putting away his sword.
A faint sword shadow swept upward at a 45-degree angle, and Phoenix's disillusionment projection was directly shattered.
The shattered disillusionment projection even caused the Heaven and Earth Cage of the Mountain View Prefecture to counterattack. It formed a void crack and sucked in Phoenix's shattered projection together with the Divine Fire.
"The task of protecting Biyun City should be very easy for you. However, the battle situation is unpredictable. This time … it was my negligence," Qiu Yinhe said as he looked at the void crack that was slowly disappearing in the sky.
Luo Zheng was full of doubts and was about to ask.
Qiu Yinhe suddenly waved his hand to stop him. "Wait …"
He listened attentively and narrowed his eyes slightly. Suddenly, he stretched out his left foot and gently stepped on the rocks in the mountain stream.
"Bang!"
The entire mountain range began to tremble as a result.
"Bang, bang, bang!"
Following three explosions, three large holes appeared in the ground nearby, and three Carnage Rats' corpses could be seen lying at the entrance of the holes.

Chapter 2769
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Path of Choice
Luo Zheng frowned when he saw the three rat demons. "Eared rats?"
Qiu Yinhe nodded. "These guys hiding in the dark are everywhere …"
When Luo Zheng first entered the mother world, he had seen the power of the Rat Alliance.
They were everywhere in the mother world and knew almost all of the secrets of the mother world. The Rat Alliance had made a lot of money because of this.
Almost all the big clans hated this clan.
In Guanshan State, whether it was the Human Clan or the Jinwu Clan, the first thing they did after occupying a part of the state was to exterminate the rats!
Most of the rat demons in Guanshan State had been killed, but there were always some that escaped.
Perhaps Luo Zheng's Wind and Cloud Escape was too powerful and eye-catching, so the three rat demons were hiding in the dark to spy on him.
Luo Zheng was not prepared for this and did not notice it. But how could they hide from someone like Qiu Yinhe?
Qiu Yinhe glanced at the three fat rat demons and clicked his tongue. He stretched out his hand, and the three rat corpses floated toward him.
He did not speak. With a flick of his fingers, he skinned the rat demon.
Then, he gently fiddled with the ground and set up a small fire array. Then, he put the bloody rat corpses on the fire and barbecued them.
While he was barbecuing, he took out some bottles and jars.
Although he did not know what was in the bottles and jars, it was not difficult to guess that it was some seasoning materials.
"This person …"
Luo Zheng stood at the side, stunned.
In Luo Zheng's imagination, Qiu Yinhe should be a dignified elder with an extraordinary aura.
But what he saw now was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined.
He dared to molest Phoenix as soon as he made a move. He caught a few rat demons and wanted to feast on them. In any case, he was a dignified Heavenly Minister … How could the Heavenly Palace tolerate such a person?
Seeing Luo Zheng's stunned expression, Qiu Yinhe laughed. "I have three virtues in life: eating, being lustful, and having fun. I have all the vices that I should have. Please don't take offense!"
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "If it can satisfy my heart, then there are no taboos."
"Heh …" Qiu Yinhe laughed. "Taboos are natural, but the world is unpredictable. I seize every moment to enjoy myself …"
As he spoke, he sprinkled the contents of the jars on the rat corpses.
The roasted rat carcass was golden yellow and emitted a strange meaty aroma. Although the appearance was not good, Luo Zheng, who had abstained from eating for many years, could not help but feel an irrepressible appetite.
Qiu Yinhe noticed Luo Zheng's expression and handed over one of the roasted rat demons.
. Luo Zheng Hesitated slightly but still reached Yinis.
He had killed many ferocious beasts, but this was the first time he had eaten the flesh of a demon.
Just as the two were eating, Qiu Yinhe said, "In the Heavenly Palace, other than me and Hechi, and a few people from Taiyi Mountain, not many people know of your existence. At most … Mo Yijian .But I warned him."
Luo Zheng took a bite and the fragrant grease seeped out of the meat. He wiped it and asked, "Why?"
"On one hand, it is to train you. On the other hand, you have been trying to hide yourself. I have to know where you come from." Qiu Yinhe looked into the distance and said.
"The Hermit's supernatural power, the power of exhaustion and the escape of wind and cloud …"
"It corresponds to the Withered Tree of the Divine Range and the Silent Ghost Mountain."
"There are very few people in the human race who can get these Nirvana Tokens …"
"There are people in the Heavenly Palace who have the Dead Wood of the Divine Pulse, but there is no Silent Ghost Wind Mountain. The dead blind man from the You Xiong Clan has the Silent Ghost Wind Mountain as his Nirvana Token, but no one has the Dead Wood of the Divine Pulse. If I remember correctly, only the Fourth and the Seventh of the Nine Li Tribes have these two Nirvana Tokens," Qiu Yinhe analyzed as he ate the rat demon meat.
Hearing Qiu Yinhe's analysis, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Having the truth guessed right away, Luo Zheng was also somewhat apprehensive in his heart. However, he appeared to be unperturbed on the surface. Instead, he asked back, "I wonder what Senior Qiu means by saying this?"
"It is a bit groundless to guess your origin based on this. However, in the Nine Fate Heaven Punishment Formation, you changed your sword," Qiu Yinhe said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
Even if he was fully prepared, he did not expect to be exposed?
No …
If Qiu Yinhe was there, why didn't he stop him directly?
Why did he watch Su Yu-jin and the others get killed by Phoenix? Moreover, the sealing stone was in Su Yu-jin's hands at that time …
Qiu Yinhe seemed to have seen through Luo Zheng's inner thoughts and said, "Whether it is Tai Yiwei or the Family Su, they all have their own places of spiritual dwelling. I don't care about their deaths."
After a spiritual dwelling was sealed, as long as the spiritual dwelling was not destroyed, the original body would not disappear. This was also the immortality of the Saints.
"I see!"
Luo Zheng suddenly remembered why Su Yu-jin refused to hand over the sealing stone even when he was forced by Jinwu to that extent. He even disregarded his own life and death.
At that time, Luo Zheng felt that Su Yu-jin and the others were willing to sacrifice themselves for the human race. However, in retrospect, he was wrong. They could not die at all.
On the other hand, he followed them blindly …
"I don't care about other ordinary people. Even the sealing stone is just a small stone used to refine weapons." Qiu Yinhe continued eating the rat meat and said, "In comparison, it is more important to determine your origin!"
When Qiu Yinhe heard about the changes in Guanshan State, he had rushed to Guanshan State immediately.
From the moment Luo Zheng entered Dragon City, he sent his capable subordinates to hide around Luo Zheng and observe his every move. They also reported in detail every day.
When Luo Zheng went to Guanshan State and Biyun City, there were naturally people who followed him secretly.
However, these people did not show up, nor did they help …
If it were not for the great changes in Biyun City that attracted the Hive Phoenix, Qiu Yinhe would not have taken action personally.
"It seems like your wish is granted." Luo Zheng was a little unhappy. No one was used to the feeling of being spied on secretly, although Qiu Yinhe did not have any ill intentions.
"Don't be angry." Qiu Yinhe handed over another roasted rat demon, as if to please Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng pushed him away. Qiu Yinhe said indifferently, "Our Heavenly Palace has nothing to do with Jiuli. Naturally, there is no hatred between us. Back then, when we saw the orthodox human race being destroyed, we also felt that we were going to die. However, at that time, Donghuang stuck to the middle and did not choose his own path."
Hearing Qiu Yinhe's words, Luo Zheng felt a little relieved.
After he entered Dragon City, he also inquired a little. Indeed, the Heavenly Palace had no conflict with Jiuli.
If the Heavenly Palace originally stood on the opposite side of Jiuli, Luo Zheng would have found a chance to leave this place long ago.
"Choose my own path? What path? "Luo Zheng asked.
He did not know if Qiu Yinhe was talking about Shinto or something else.

Chapter 2770
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Finality and Order
Luo Zheng was embarrassed by Qiu Yinhe's question.
No one in the Divine Realm told him the reason.
Elder Jin and the others left the mother world a long time ago and didn't know the reason.
When Chi Yi and Li Luo Shui left the mother world, their cultivation was still low, so they probably didn't know.
Even Luo Zheng didn't mention it to Chi You himself …
"I don't know," Luo Zheng answered honestly.
Qiu Yinhe looked at Luo Zheng and nodded. "That's true. Your cultivation is too low, so it's meaningless to tell you. Before entering the Nirvana Realm, there are some things that I can't tell you clearly …"
"Then what is the reason?" Luo Zheng asked with a burning gaze.
"To survive," Qiu Yinhe suddenly said with a sigh.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and secretly glared at Qiu Yinhe.
Qiu Yinhe said, "Have you heard of the Dao Yi Treatise?"
Luo Zheng shook his head.
Qiu Yinhe continued, "Tai Chi is called Yin and Yang. It gives birth to Yin and Yang, Yin and Yang become the Four Divisions, the Four Divisions become the Eight Trigrams, the Eight Trigrams become … If this continues endlessly, what will it become?"
"What will it become?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It will become the great rivers and mountains of the Guanshan Prefecture, the entire mother world, and even the entire Chaotic World," Qiu Yinhe said as he spread out his hands.
The Chaotic World could transform into anything.
Qiu Yinhe didn't need to explain this. Luo Zheng's Inner World was created this way.
Luo Zheng said, "I understand."
"You don't understand," Qiu Yinhe said with a smile. "Have you ever thought about what will happen if this continues endlessly?"
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had never thought about this.
Qiu Yinhe made a grabbing motion in the distance. A large rock flew towards him, and he exerted a bit of force with his hand.
"Crack …"
The entire stone was filled with cracks and turned into countless pieces of gravel.
"This stone was originally in a complete form, but I used my power to shatter it. It can't be restored," Qiu Yinhe said.
"It's possible," Luo Zheng said.
It was not impossible to put these stones together. Luo Zheng could do it with some effort, but who would do it?
Qiu Yinhe knew Luo Zheng would say this, so he continued, "But it will take more effort, or more energy, to restore the stone …"
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked again. He felt more and more confused.
Qiu Yinhe continued, "This stone was originally a whole, but when it was broken into countless pieces, it became even more chaotic, right?"
"Yes."
Qiu Yinhe said, "Things like this are happening all over the world. After the chaos was split apart, new life forms were born, and they began to breed more people. The people had to build houses and expand their territory … Over countless years, the mother world has become what it is now!"
Thousands of races ran amok in the Mother World, attacking and killing each other.
"Thus, the entire world is a process from order to chaos," Qiu Yinhe said.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. 'What is this guy trying to say by beating around the bush?'
What did the feud between the Jiuli and You Xiong have to do with this?
Although Qiu Yinhe noticed Luo Zheng's impatience, he still continued, "Have you ever thought about what will happen if the chaos continues?"
"The mother world will become bigger?" Luo Zheng tried to guess.
"The mother world can indeed expand, but the extent of expansion is limited. When the chaos continues to increase, the entire chaos will also expand. When the chaos expands to a certain extent, there will be a needle piercing the entire chaos. Then, with a 'bang', everything will return to nothingness …"
Qiu Yinhe made an exaggerated gesture as he spoke.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and looked at Qiu Yinhe suspiciously.
Luo Zheng also understood what he meant. Did he mean that the chaos would step towards destruction as it continued to expand?
But wasn't the chaos created by creation? How did Qiu Yinhe know that the chaos would explode? And how did he describe it so well? Piercing the chaos with a needle … The chaos wasn't a ball.
Just as he was about to question it, Qiu Yinhe changed the topic. "To prevent this from happening to the chaos, there were several ideas. As I said before, they each chose their own Dao. This is also where the disagreement between the Jiuli and You Xiong clans lies."
"Can you tell me what the disagreement is?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qiu Yinhe said, "There are two ways to survive. The first is to stop the needle from piercing the chaos. The Jiuli, including the Li Mountain, and a considerable number of alien races have all chosen this Dao. This is the Dao of the End."
Luo Zheng blinked.
When he first met Fuxi, Fuxi had mentioned the God of the End. Luo Zheng was confused. What did it have to do with what Qiu Yinhe said?
"What Dao did the You Xiong Clan choose?" Luo Zheng asked.
As Qiu Yinhe listened, he reached out and gently pinched the gravel on the ground. Energy flowed out from his fingertips and swallowed all the gravel. In the end, only a small stone was left. "There's only one stone left. It's clean. Isn't it not as messy?"
"Senior Qiu, you mean …"
"The Dao of Order is to kill all the other races." Qiu Yinhe shrugged.
"Only the human race? Can the You Xiong Clan do that? "Luo Zheng was surprised.
According to his observation after entering the Heavenly Palace, the human race wasn't the master of the mother world.
"Maybe even the human race doesn't need to. After all … even if the other races are killed, the human race will continue to reproduce and expand to every corner of the mother world. The chaos will continue. The ideal situation is that only a few thousand people will survive and the chaos will be kept at a very low speed," Qiu Yinhe said.
This was indeed a crazy plan.
"In other words, the You Xiong Clan wants to kill all the living beings in the chaos, but the Jiuli Clan suffered prematurely?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The reason for the conflict between the two clans is very complicated, but the main reason is this …" Qiu Yinhe nodded.
Luo Zheng stared at Qiu Yinhe with a complicated expression. "The Jiuli Clan lost not only because of the You Xiong Clan, but also because of the Shennong Great Emperor of the Lie Shan Clan. The Jiuli Clan was forced to retreat again and again. Doesn't this mean that the Lie Shan Clan chose the same Dao as the Dihong Clan?"
"You guessed correctly," Qiu Yinhe continued. "The Dihong Clan alone can't achieve such a great goal. The Lie Shan Clan isn't the only one behind the Dihong Clan. There are even more powerful beings behind them!"
Qiu Yinhe felt a faint sense of awe at the mention of such beings.
Luo Zheng naturally guessed that it was the Primordial Chaos God.
However, 9527's voice would appear in his head from time to time. The Primordial Chaos God was no longer mysterious to him.
Qiu Yinhe was waiting for Luo Zheng to ask what such powerful beings were.

Chapter 2771
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Masked Woman
"I'm not curious …" Luo Zheng said with a shrug.
Qiu Yinhe said helplessly, "That kind of existence is the Ancient God of Chaos outside the mother world … With the support of the Ancient God of Chaos, the You Xiong Clan has been expanding crazily these years!"
"The You Clan, the Tianluo Clan, the Xia Clan, and six other smaller clans were all destroyed by the You Xiong Clan. Thirteen of them were forced to submit to the You Xiong Clan," Qiu Yinhe said, "And the Demon Emperor Di Jun also made his choice."
Before Luo Zheng went to the Guanshan Prefecture, he learned that Di Jun was the leader of the Jinwu Clan. Now that the Jinwu Clan was at war with the Heavenly Palace, could it be …
"Senior Qiu, do you mean that the Demon Emperor Di Jun also chose the Dao of Order?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qiu Yinhe nodded. He stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "You've been hiding your origin. If you're really from the Jiuli Clan, you should understand the Heavenly Palace's attitude now. We have no conflict with the Jiuli Clan. Not only that, but because of the choice of Dao, we should be natural allies."
He said so much to dispel Luo Zheng's doubts.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while before he said, "Senior Qiu, you've said so much. I can't digest it all at once. Can you give me some time to think about it?"
"Yes," Qiu Yinhe said kindly, "Even if you think that the Heavenly Palace is untrustworthy, if you want to leave, I'll personally send you to any place in the mother world."
After that, Qiu Yinhe waved his hand gently.
A long sword suddenly shot out from the scabbard at his waist. The long sword circled and kept growing. It was the towering sword that Luo Zheng had seen before.
However, the towering sword was only a few hundred feet long. It was not as huge as the Mountain River Fortress and the Dao Sword Palace.
"Come on, I'll send you back to the Mountain River Fortress," Qiu Yinhe said.
Luo Zheng jumped onto the towering sword. The sword carried the two of them to the south.
Luo Zheng sat cross-legged on the broad surface of the sword and asked quietly in his mind, "9527, is what he said true?"
Logically speaking, 9527 should know all these things, but this guy had never mentioned it even once.
"Hehe, that's pretty much it. However, this guy didn't say everything. There are some things that he doesn't know …" 9527 replied calmly.
"Why didn't you tell me earlier?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"What's the use of telling you?" 9527 asked.
9527 was rarely willing to reveal those unknown things. Even the candle obtained from the Sea of True Meaning, Luo Zheng had no idea what it was used for.
"If I had known earlier, I would have been able to prepare for a rainy day," Luo Zheng said with a sigh.
"Your cultivation is too weak. No matter how much you prepare, it's useless …" 9527 probably felt a little apologetic and said, "Actually, there are more than two ways to choose the last path of chaos. For example, there is the Path of Emptiness."
"What does that mean?"
"It's similar to that guy from the Dihong clan. However, the Dihong clan wants to control the chaos. The Path of Emptiness is even more extreme. It wants the entire chaos to return to nothingness and silence …" 9527 said.
"Are these people crazy?" Hearing these outrageous ideas, Luo Zheng felt his head swell.
"In their eyes, the Path of the End is also a crazy idea," 9527 said.
As the saying goes, those who walk different paths should not work together. Everyone abided by their own path and naturally could not tolerate the existence of others.
This also led to disputes and killing, and these disputes and killing would become more and more intense as time passed.
…
…
Heaven's Wall City.
After the winter moon, the entire sea route became more and more lively.
The changes in the Seven Stars State's demon race had once caused the people of Heaven's Wall City to panic and be on tenterhooks.
After all, the entire Tiandu State's human race relied on the Dao Sword Palace. Now that the Dao Sword Palace was destroyed, the other races would only become stronger and stronger.
This was especially true for those Arabian flowers. It probably wouldn't be long before they devoured Heaven's Wall City.
Last year, some Sand Nation people had brazenly charged into Heaven's Wall City, alarming the Lord of Heaven's Wall and causing him to kill those Sand Nation people who had submitted to the Arabian flowers.
But now that winter had arrived, new news came from the Seven Stars State.
The Dao Sword Palace had been rebuilt …
The Arabian flower king that had been hiding in the Tiandu State had been killed.
This was the foundation of the Arabian flowers. The Dao Sword Palace had not been able to deal with it for so many years, and now someone had killed it!
All of Heaven's Wall City rejoiced and celebrated for several days.
Whoosh …
A black flying boat silently docked at the dock of Heaven's Wall City.
Several women slowly disembarked from the boat.
These women were all wearing a layer of silver veil, making it impossible to see their faces clearly. Even their cultivations were concealed.
Even so, their appearance still exerted an intense pressure on the people around them.
Especially the woman in the lead, she was like a crane among chickens as she stood among the group of Nirvana Realm cultivators.
"Take us to the Rat Alliance." The woman tossed several Divine Crystals to a worker on the dock.
The races of the mother world loathed the Rat race, but there were many times when they could not leave the Rat Alliance. At the very least, as long as one was willing to spend money in the Rat Alliance, one could buy the information one needed.
The worker's eyes instantly brightened at the sight of the Divine Crystals. He bowed and obediently led the way.
When they arrived at the Rat Alliance's entrance, one of the women stepped forward and entered without permission.
After staying in the Rat Alliance for an hour, the woman walked out.
Although her face was covered by a silver veil, her bright eyes were tinged with disappointment.
"He truly did come to Heaven's Wall City, but he was taken away …" she said.
"Who was it that took him away?" the woman asked.
"I heard that it was the Dao Sword Palace of the Seven Stars State. Moreover … the Dao Sword Palace seemed to have been destroyed and is currently being rebuilt." She grew even more worried.
The woman comforted her, "It should be fine. Since the Dao Sword Palace is being rebuilt, we can go to the Seven Stars State and ask around. We should be able to find his whereabouts."
"Mm …"
The women did not even turn back as they ran toward the dock. Soon after, the black flying ship headed straight for the Seven Stars State.
They were from Mount Li …
Back when Ming Wei and Luo Zheng got separated, they had agreed to meet at Heaven's Wall City.
However, Heyin chased them all the way. Ming Wei had to use all her skills to escape from Heyin.
If she returned to Heaven's Wall City, it would be extremely risky, so she could only bring Luo Yan all the way to Mount Li.
Luo Yan was in the world in Ming Wei's body and did not know what was happening outside. When she was released and could not find Luo Zheng, she would naturally ask for the reason.
Ming Wei could not bear to lie to Luo Yan, so she told her the truth.
When Luo Yan heard that her brother's whereabouts were unknown, and that that damned place was so dangerous, she naturally felt anxious.
Even though the conditions in Mount Li were superior and Luo Yan was exceptionally talented, she still did not have the heart to cultivate …

Chapter 2772
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Dao Sword Palace's atmosphere
A year ago, Seven Star City was destroyed and the entire mountain city was in a mess.
After a year of reconstruction, there were not many traces left on the surface.
But there were too many casualties in Seven Star City. Even though many people were sent over from the other big cities in Seven Star State, it was still deserted.
To completely recover from the noise, they would need at least a hundred years of recuperation.
Qiu Hanyan stood in front of the towering sword and looked down at the mountains and rivers. There was a trace of loneliness in her eyes.
A year ago, the Qiu and Bai families were still fighting for power in the dark.
They thought that such a competition would be beneficial to the development of Dao Sword Palace. They did not expect Qiu Junshan to cause such a ruckus and bring Dao Sword Palace to a dead end.
"Someone has changed!"
Qiu Shengshui's voice came from behind.
All the elites in Dao Sword Palace had been destroyed. Now, the people of Dao Sword Palace only had Qiu Shengshui, Qiu Hanyan and the towering sword on the mountain peak.
The towering sword was once controlled by the Great Sword Master. Now, Qiu Shengshui and Qiu Hanyan took turns.
"I can still … hold on for a few more days." Qiu Hanyan shook her head.
"Don't force yourself. Even the Great Sword Master has to stop at three and rest at five. This thing is too tiring." Qiu Shengshui advised.
When Dao Sword Palace was prosperous, they did not need to use this sword most of the time. They could just rely on the strong practitioners in the palace.
Now, things were different. Dao Sword Palace was like a small flame in the wind. They could only protect it at all times and this would take a very long time.
"Sigh …"
Just as Qiu Hanyan was sighing, a ray of black light suddenly appeared in the sky far away.
After experiencing the previous calamity, Qiu Hanyan and the rest were on high alert.
Before she could identify who it was, she pushed her hands forward lightly. The surface of the towering sword started to glow with patterns!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Countless tiny streaks of sword light formed a huge net in the sky, protecting the Dao Sword Palace above.
"It's a flying boat. Don't be so nervous." Qiu Shengshui reminded.
Qiu Hanyan pursed her lips and nodded. She watched as the black flying boat approached and stopped in front of the sword net.
"Who are all of you … Why have you come to visit my Dao Sword Palace!" Qiu Han Yan asked loudly.
Unexpectedly, a cold snort came from the black flying boat, and a woman flew out, crashing into the sword net.
It was unknown what method the woman used, but the moment she came into contact with the sword net, her entire body glowed red.
A peculiar shadow of Wa emerged from the red light and tore at the sword net.
The entire net of swords shuddered violently. Torn apart by Wahwa's shadow, it actually crumbled. Even the towering sword trembled slightly.
The woman said indifferently, "We have come from Mount Li from thousands of miles away. There is no need to treat us with courtesy. However, with such hostility, do not force me to destroy the Heavenly Chasm Sword!"
Seeing this scene, Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui's expressions changed drastically.
They did not expect that the strength of the people on the flying boat was actually so tyrannical, not even placing the towering greatsword in their sights!
Furthermore, the other party was from Li Shan!
The Nuwa Clan was an existence that was on par with the Heavenly Palace. In terms of strength, they were definitely superior to the Heavenly Palace!
"Se, Senior," Qiu Shengshui hurriedly jumped out to smooth things over, "Our Dao Sword Palace was invaded by a great demon previously. Naturally, we are in a state of panic. If we have offended Senior in any way, please forgive us!"
Qiu Shengshui's tone was sincere and managed to stabilize the situation.
The masked woman did not fuss over it and only called out, "Yan 'er, ask away …"
Another masked woman quietly floated out from the flying boat. That was Luo Yan.
She slowly descended a distance and then asked softly, "I want to find a person. His name is Luo Zheng …"
When Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui heard this name, they looked at each other with a strange look in their eyes.
Back then, Qiu Hanyan was suspicious of Luo Zheng's background. However, Luo Zheng did not say anything and Qiu Hanyan did not force him.
She did not expect this boy to be related to Mount Li.
"How are you related to Luo Zheng?" Qiu Hanyan asked in return.
When Luo Yan heard this answer, she naturally understood that they had seen Luo Zheng. She hurriedly said, "I am his sister. Where is my brother now?"
"He was taken away by Lin Zhanting of Taiyi Heavenly Palace. He should be in the Center God Province now," Qiu Hanyan replied.
From this simple statement, Qiu Hanyan had already made a few judgments.
Luo Zheng's sister was from Mount Li. With so many strong people escorting her, her status was obviously not low. However, that boy did not plan to go to Mount Li. Instead, he went to the Heavenly Palace. What was his plan?
"Do I still have to go to the Center God Province?" Luo Yan's eyes revealed disappointment.
When the masked woman behind Luo Yan heard this, she said, "Yan 'er, you promised me that you would cross the other shore as soon as possible. Before that, you must work hard to improve your cultivation. If you miss the Temple of Miracles, we cannot afford to bear the consequences … so there is not much time left."
The journey from Mount Li to here was extremely long. They had crossed countless provinces. In order to shorten the time, this journey had even alarmed Lady Nuwa.
If they went to the Center God Province again, it would waste too much time.
Luo Yan had promised that it would be fine as long as she found out that her brother was alive. Now, she had achieved her goal.
"Mm …" Luo Yan responded. She was still a little uneasy. She simply landed beside Qiu Hanyan and said, "Sister, my brother should be fine in the Heavenly Palace, right?"
Qiu Hanyan looked at Luo Yan and said with a smile, "Your brother is so outstanding. Since he has entered the Heavenly Palace, he will naturally be treated as a treasure. There is indeed no need to worry."
Luo Yan thought for a moment and asked about Luo Zheng's situation in the Seven Stars Province. Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui also told them one by one.
After all, their lives were saved by Luo Zheng.
If it were not for Luo Zheng, the Dao Sword Palace would not have been revived.
After asking around in detail, Luo Yan's heart was finally at ease. After bidding farewell to Qiu Hanyan, she followed the masked woman back to the black flying boat.
Qiu Hanyan and Qiu Shengshui watched the black flying boat leave. At this moment, Qiu Hanyan turned her head and said with a smile, "This sister is really concerned about her brother. How far … is it from Mount Li to here?"
"I am not concerned about this," Qiu Shengshui said, "If I am not wrong, Luo Zheng's sister is probably a genius who comprehended the Tao with a single thought."
"Why do you say so?" Qiu Hanyan pursed her lips and asked.
"Mount Li hopes to send her into the Miracle Temple, but she has not even reached the Nirvana Realm. Think about it, how many people in the entire mother world have such qualifications?" Qiu Shengshui said.
Although they were content with their own territory, they were still strong people in the Nirvana Realm. The Miracle Temple was well-known.
Those who could enter the Miracle Temple were almost all core people nurtured by the various super forces. Qiu Shengshui concluded Luo Yan's talent in this way.

Chapter 2773
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Returning to Dragon City
The setting sun was as red as blood, illuminating the Mountain River Fortress.
The Tai Yiwei higher-ups in the fortress were surprised to see Qiu Yinhe bring Luo Zheng back.
Although Qiu Yinhe rarely visited the Mountain River Fortress, the Heaven Chasm Swords in the fortress were planted by him one by one.
Qiu Yinhe planned to bring Luo Zheng back to Dragon City.
However, Luo Zheng insisted on waiting for Su Kuan here.
Su Kuan escaped from Phoenix that day. As long as he was careful on the way back, there shouldn't be any problems.
After Biyun City was attacked, the Mountain River Fortress immediately sent reinforcements.
However, the first batch of reinforcements was intercepted by Jinwu. Then, the second batch of reinforcements was sent …
The Tai Yiwei who were fighting against Jinwu outside the plains finally managed to hold on until the second batch of reinforcements arrived. However, 70% of them were dead or injured.
Yan Da died, but Yan Dang managed to kill another Hive Demoness with his own strength. However, he was also seriously injured, so it was a pyrrhic victory.
When the second batch of reinforcements brought the remaining Tai Yiwei back, they met Su Kuan who was carrying Su Youxue on his back.
Thus, Su Kuan followed the army back to the Mountain River Fortress.
In these two days, Su Kuan had been thinking about Luo Zheng …
In order to show his loyalty to the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, his father Su Youshen led the Family Su's elders to set up a place of spiritual dwelling in the Heavenly Palace. Most powerful blacksmiths and alchemists would do this.
Even if they died, they could be resurrected.
However, the Banner Lord didn't join the Tai Yiwei. Naturally, he didn't have a place of spiritual dwelling. How could he escape from Phoenix?
On the way back, Su Kuan was depressed.
However, when he returned to the Mountain River Fortress, he saw Luo Zheng coming to greet him.
Su Kuan's eyes were wide open …
"Banner … Banner Master … How did you survive?" Su Kuan had an incredulous look on his face.
"Do you want me to die?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Su Kuan shook his head like a rattle drum. "Of course not! Definitely not … "
"Su Kuan, is this the Banner Lord you mentioned to me?" A weak voice came from behind Su Kuan. It was Su Youxue.
Not long after Su Kuan carried Su Youxue on his back and ran away, she slowly woke up.
When she saw Su Kuan, her face was also filled with disbelief. It was hard for her to imagine that Su Kuan would come all the way from Dragon City for her. For a guy who had just entered the Nirvana Realm not long ago, the difficulty could be imagined.
Su Kuan then recounted the series of events that had transpired in Jade Cloud City after she had fainted. Only then did Su Youxue understand just how perilous the situation had been. It was truly fortunate that she had managed to survive.
Along the way, Su Kuan kept talking about Luo Zheng. Su Youxue was naturally curious about this Banner Lord.
"Yes, this is my Lord Banner Lord. He is …"
Su Kuan flattered Luo Zheng non-stop until Luo Zheng was about to blush. Su Kuan had no choice but to interrupt him.
However, just as he decided on this topic, Su Kuan brought up another topic. He still wanted to know how Luo Zheng had escaped.
Luo Zheng naturally would not reveal the Hermit's remarkable power. Now that Su Kuan had returned to the Mountain River Fortress, it was time to return. He only said, "Follow me."
Following which, he found Qiu Yinhe in the fortress. At the same time, he explained to Su Kuan, "It was Senior Qiu who saved my life back then. Otherwise, I wouldn't be standing here today."
"Senior, Senior Qiu!"
Although Su Kuan's cultivation was not high, he was still knowledgeable. Such a mission in the Heavenly Palace with the surname Qiu was naturally that Tian Jiedu.
Qiu Yinhe was very casual with Luo Zheng, but he was rather cold to everyone else. Even the five-star Tai Yiwei in the fortress, even if they were extremely respectful to him, he was still indifferent to them.
"Since the person you are waiting for is here, I will send you back," Qiu Yinhe said.
"Thank you, Senior Qiu," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
Then, Luo Zheng took Su Kuan and Su Youxue back to Dragon City, and Qiu Yinhe personally sent them back …
After returning to Dragon City, Su Kuan had to escort Su Youxue home, so he left first.
However, before leaving, Su Kuan asked Luo Zheng for the Snow Sword. Since this sword was made by his Family Su, he could take advantage of this opportunity to help Luo Zheng repair it.
As for Qiu Yinhe, he handed a golden sword token to Luo Zheng. "I know you still have many things to take care of in Dragon City, but these are just trivial matters. You don't belong to Dragon City. Please go up the mountain as soon as possible. I still have something to pass to you."
After receiving the token, Qiu Yinhe quietly disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
During the time that Luo Zheng left, Dragon City did not change much.
Compared to the constant fighting in Mountain View State, Dragon City was much more peaceful.
When Luo Zheng found Yue Baicheng, he was shocked to find that the number of people under his banner had increased by a lot. Now, there were close to 2000 people!
As for the disciples of the academy, their cultivation levels were also increasing steadily!
Seeing Luo Zheng return, the academy disciples were very happy. Qiu Siyuan said, "This time, Banner Lord has accumulated enough merit points. Now that we have enough people, he should be able to be promoted to Alliance Master."
Seeing their happy faces, Luo Zheng felt a bit sad.
He knew that his days in Dragon City would soon come to an end. He was reluctant to part with the students of the academy on his way back.
However, even if he went up the mountain himself, Luo Zheng would not mistreat the academy disciples.
Mo Yijian was able to create Sword Spirit Enlightenment and sell it at the foot of the mountain. Luo Zheng could do the same. Just this profit alone would ensure that the academy disciples would have enough cultivation resources.
Next, Yue Baicheng reported the income and expenditure of these days to Luo Zheng. Yue Baicheng was very serious and responsible. He clearly separated the accounts.
This was the peak season for Dragon City to recruit new people. The demand for Sword Spirit Enlightenment Elixir was quite high. Naturally, the income was quite high. He actually sold 90% of the elixir he left behind.
It was said that the last portion of the elixir was kept because Yue Baicheng was reluctant to sell it. The current price of Sword Spirit Enlightenment Elixir was as high as 30,000 divine crystals per bottle …
After holding this large amount of divine crystals, Luo Zheng once again turned his gaze to the True Intent Sword Pavilion.
He had always been interested in the original of the Eternal Sword Intent. However, the price of ten million divine crystals was too shocking.
Now that he had a stable income of Sword Spirit Enlightenment Elixir, ten million divine crystals was nothing to Luo Zheng.
However, after entering Dragon City, Luo Zheng still went straight to the Sword Training Tower.
Qiu Yinhe was not interested in that stone. After absorbing Luo Zheng's flesh, he had been thinking about it. However, it was inconvenient for him to inspect it on the way, so he could only suppress his curiosity.
In the Sword Training Tower's secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng took off his clothes and released his consciousness to carefully inspect it.

Chapter 2774
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Tacit Understanding
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly when he saw the pitch-black area.
He could still accept it if it was just attached to his back.
However, looking at the situation, the black patch would spread to his entire body sooner or later. If his entire body was covered in a layer of black patch, it would be … too unsightly.
The black patch felt rough to the touch and was extremely hard. Even if Luo Zheng exerted his strength, he could not press it down.
After thinking for a while, he suddenly exerted force.
The muscles on his back swelled. Under the powerful pressure, he tried to force the sealing stone out of his body.
However, no matter how Luo Zheng exerted his strength, the black patch did not move at all. It seemed to have completely integrated into his body and become a part of it.
After that, he made various attempts, but still, there was no reaction.
"9527, how should I deal with this thing?" Luo Zheng asked.
It was a complete accident that the sealing stone was absorbed into his body …
Now, Luo Zheng could not do anything about it.
"I don't know … Sealing stones are usually used to refine weapons. This thing has a special characteristic. It can completely integrate with Nirvana tokens. Therefore, a piece of sealing stone is equivalent to a first-rate Nirvana treasure," 9527 answered.
The reason why Nirvana treasures and Mystique Venerable treasures had a qualitative leap was because of the difference in the integrated Nirvana tokens.
The more powerful the Nirvana token, the higher the requirement for the refining materials!
If a Mystique Venerable treasure was integrated with a Nirvana token, it would collapse during the integration process. The treasure itself could not integrate Nirvana tokens.
For example, a third-rate Nirvana treasure could not integrate Nirvana tokens from the first to the tenth level of heaven. A second-rate Nirvana treasure could integrate from the eleventh to the twentieth level of heaven. As for a first-rate Nirvana treasure, it could integrate from the twenty-first to the thirtieth level of heaven.
However, there was a detail that 9527, Su Kuan, and the rest did not mention.
Most first-rate Nirvana treasures could only integrate Nirvana tokens up to the thirtieth level of heaven, which was the Yu Sheng-tian level.
However, only sealing stones and some rare items could overcome this limitation and integrate Nirvana tokens above the thirtieth level of heaven.
"If that's the case, my body is also considered a Nirvana treasure?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng's body was a complete anomaly.
There was once an Ancient God Body Tempering Technique that could cross the Sea of True Intent, but the Ancient God Body Tempering Technique cultivated another level of True Intent of the Dao.
This layer of True Meaning of Dao was known as the "True Meaning of Huangshen Xuan Body". Following the disappearance of the Ancient God Body Tempering Technique, the people who cultivated this layer of True Meaning of Dao naturally disappeared as well.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had actually blazed a new trail, relying on the calcination of the True Fire to enter the sea of True Intent.
As for the True Meaning aura emanating from his body, it did not exist in the past. Even 9527 could not tell where it came from. Whether or not he could fuse with the Nirvana Token was also unknown.
Hearing this, 9527 paused for a while and then said, "Oh right... this is interesting!"
At first, 9527 wasn't interested in Feng Shi, but now he took it seriously.
The Nirvana Realm was a complicated and mysterious world. There were a large number of Nirvana Tokens that could be fused, which could greatly increase the strength of the True Gods. However, there were also a considerable number of Nirvana Tokens that could not bear it.
For example, in the Sixth Heaven, there was a Nirvana Token called "Poison Heaven Grass". The poison contained in it was extremely ferocious, but no one dared to fuse with this Nirvana Token. After the fusion, the poison of the Nirvana Token would also destroy the user. Therefore, "Poison Heaven Grass" was very suitable to create Nirvana Taoist Treasures. Many third-class Nirvana Taoist Treasures preferred "Poison Heaven Grass".
There were many Nirvana Tokens similar to "Poison Heaven Grass". It all depended on whether these things were compatible with Luo Zheng's True Meaning.
After hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng had a faint expectation in his heart. However, after thinking about it, he smiled bitterly and said, "The problem now is how to deal with these black spots …"
9527 thought for a while and then said, "Try burning it with fire …"
The Stone Sealing Solution was absorbed into Luo Zheng's body when he was being burned by the Golden Crow Divine Fire. Since he could not get it out, he could try to completely fuse it into his body.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "I can try!"
Then, he gently pinched his hands together. A wisp of red flame quietly rose, and the raging flames immediately enveloped him.
As the flames burned, golden vortexes appeared on the surface of his body again.
Just as the golden vortexes were rotating, the Stone Sealing Solution did not move at all …
"Again!"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng continued to urge the Fledgling Fire Divine Path.
The raging flames continuously entered Luo Zheng's body.
After about 30 minutes, Luo Zheng's Divine Sense detected that the black spot on his back finally loosened a little!
"It is indeed effective." The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly, and there was a touch of joy in his eyes. Then, he urged the flames even more fiercely.
"Hualala …"
The cave of the Sword Training Pagoda was illuminated red by the flames released from Luo Zheng's body.
After burning like this for six to eight hours, the black spot had become very flexible. Luo Zheng tried to force it out of his body again, but it was like a gangrene attached to the bone, and was firmly integrated into his body.
Under Luo Zheng's continuous burning, the black spot loosened more and more, but then a scene occurred that made Luo Zheng want to cry but have no tears.
The black Stone Sealing Solution actually began to move along Luo Zheng's back, extending from his back to his neck, legs, chest, and other parts. After a while, his whole body seemed to have been smeared with a layer of charcoal. Except for those golden vortexes, his whole body was pitch-black, and only his shining eyes could be seen blinking.
"This is troublesome …"
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry.
But since it had already come to this point, Luo Zheng had no choice but to continue burning.
As he continued to burn, Luo Zheng gradually developed a strange feeling. He felt that the black spot had completely integrated into his body, as if it was a part of his body, and there was an additional layer of skin that he could control. Thus, there was a trace of tacit understanding.
This feeling of tacit understanding was very strange. It was as if he had an extra hand and a foot out of thin air. It was the same feeling as when he had three heads and six arms. Although he was not used to it, it really existed.
"Withdraw!"
After this tacit understanding, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly.
The black spot all over his body immediately dived into his body, and his white skin appeared again.
Seeing this scene, 9527 was also surprised for a while, and murmured, "Why do I feel that … you have absorbed a strange ability …"
Luo Zheng did not think much of this.
Along the way, his body had absorbed a lot of random things. It was just that this time, he was very surprised.
His body shook again, and the black spot that had been absorbed into his body surfaced again, and his whole body turned into a piece of black charcoal.
Then Luo Zheng got up and walked out of the range of the Jade Cattail.
One of the long swords that grew in the cave loosened, and flew directly towards Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2775
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Demon Eye
The Sword Training Pagoda was divided into three levels. Usually, only the Alliance Master would visit the third level.
The first time Luo Zheng entered the Sword Training Pagoda, he cultivated on the first level. The ordinary long swords in the pagoda contained one Jun of Strength.
The long swords on the second level contained four Jun of Strength, while the long swords on the third level contained ten Jun of Strength.
On the first level, Luo Zheng had been slashed by a long sword, leaving an obvious bloodstain on his arm.
Now, he wanted to test how strong this layer of "skin" was.
"Whoosh!"
The long sword turned into a streak of light and shot forward.
"Whoosh!"
A speck of golden light shot out.
This long sword, which contained ten Jun of Strength, bounced off the layer of black skin.
"Not bad …"
Luo Zheng's black face revealed a satisfied smile.
This sealing stone, which he had collected by chance, had such an effect.
Thus, Luo Zheng simply took a step forward and walked out along the path in front of him.
Long swords kept falling from the sword cluster above, rustling down like rain.
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
Specks of golden light jumped on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, but Luo Zheng was not hindered in the slightest. He walked leisurely in the rain of swords.
If Wen Si, who was guarding the Sword Training Pagoda, saw this scene, who knew what he would think …
As Luo Zheng got closer and closer to the cave entrance of the secret training room, the huge swords loosened from the sword cluster and slashed toward Luo Zheng.
These huge swords contained even more Jun of Strength. Previously, when Luo Zheng explored the third level of the Sword Training Pagoda, he did not dare to face them head-on.
Luo Zheng was slightly hesitant, but soon, a trace of determination flashed across his face. He wanted to test the true strength of this black spot, so he still faced these huge swords with his bare hands.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
Dozens of huge swords with Jun of Strength smashed onto Luo Zheng's shoulder.
The black spots on the surface did not change at all. Not even a trace was left on them.
However, when these giant swords smashed down, the Shenjun force penetrated Luo Zheng's body, causing his internal organs to churn.
The black spots were indeed indestructible, but Luo Zheng could only dissolve them on the outside.
After blocking several slashes from the huge sword, Luo Zheng couldn't hold on any longer. His body suddenly became agile.
He didn't rush towards the door, but instead continuously retreated. Three steps in two, he had already returned to the jade cattail.
The time limit for entering the Sword Training Pagoda was one month. He did not plan to leave just like that.
After absorbing the black spots into his body, Luo Zheng sat up again.
Soon, he would be going up the mountain.
When he thought about going up the mountain, Mo Yijian's figure appeared in his mind.
Although this person had no intention of killing him, that was only because he was afraid of the rules of the Heavenly Palace.
If he went up, he would have to face this fellow sooner or later. Naturally, he had to wash away the shame of breaking his sword.
There were some things that he should control in Dragon City, so he naturally had to seize the time.
After entering a meditative state, he began to recite the True Meaning of Good and Evil …
Now, he only had one Demon Eye in his body. Back then in the Sky Sunflower Temple, Luo Zheng relied on the fusion of the True Meaning of Nature.
When he fused the Nirvana token for the first time, Luo Zheng did not delve into it. In addition, there was no one to guide him in Dragon City, so he thought that the Nirvana token would be his after the fusion.
Later, he found out that the fusion was not perfect. Luo Zheng's use of the Demon Eye was only the most superficial.
Only the most compatible True Meaning could bear it, and bear it in the Inner World.
At the same time, the bearing of the Nirvana token was the same as that of the Nirvana Taoist Treasure. There was a requirement for the Inner World, and this requirement was the Fan Domain.
Most of the True Gods couldn't condense the Fan Domain before they entered the Nirvana Realm. There were also a few who could condense the Ten Fan Domain. As for the Hundred Fan Domain, it was even rarer. Like Luo Zheng, who condensed the Thousand Fan Domain early in the True God Realm, it was even rarer.
In the entire Jiuli Tribe, the only ones who had the Thousand Fan Domain were Chiyou and his nine brothers.
To make an analogy with the Nirvana Taoist Treasure, the Ten Fan Domain corresponded to the third-rate Nirvana Taoist Treasure, the Hundred Fan Domain was the second-rate, and the Thousand Fan Domain was the first-rate.
This time, Luo Zheng wanted to perfect the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought so that he could truly bear the Demon Eye.
Although his compatibility with the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought was not as good as the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Luck, it was not low either. Three days passed in Dragon City. Luo Zheng left the secret cultivation room and returned.
Three days after three days, Luo Zheng had already spent three months in the secret cultivation room.
When he recited the last word of the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought, he began to circulate the aura of the True Meaning.
The True Meaning of Dao Technique was the True Meaning with the widest compatibility. It could match the most Nirvana tokens, but most of the time, it could only make the Nirvana tokens not reject it.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could fuse and squeeze the Demon Eye's Nirvana Power, but he could not understand it deeply.
In particular, he could not truly bear the Demon Eye …
As Luo Zheng activated the True Meaning of Good and Evil in One Thought, the Demon Eye in his body suddenly flashed a trace of red light.
After the blood-red eye blinked, a huge amount of information suddenly spread out. This information rushed into Luo Zheng's memory like seawater.
New words …
New way of thinking …
Food …
Reproduction …
Strength …
In this information, Luo Zheng saw the entire Eye Demon Clan of Fear.
In that dim world, the Eye Demon Clan of Fear showed all kinds of forms.
In the process of interpreting the information, Luo Zheng was also quite amazed.
Whether it was the Human Clan or the other Alien Clans, as members of the same clan, most of them had similar appearances. Even if there were differences, they were not very different.
But the Eye Demon Clan of Fear was completely different. Every individual of them was very different. Some were like long snakes, some were like giant bulls, and some were like two-winged birds, soaring in the sky with their wings spread.
The only thing they had in common was that these Eye Demons only had one eye, no matter what form they took.
"No …"
With a deeper understanding, Luo Zheng quickly overturned his own guess.
The Eye Demon Clan of Fear did not have different forms. They seemed to be a kind of parasitic clan. Those bodies of different forms were not their own. The eye … was their true body, their true body!
In that dim world, the Eye Demon Clan of Fear was an extremely powerful clan.
This clan also believed in the Way of the End!
"The biggest eye is inlaid in a giant mountain … That is their leader, the leader's name is … Wu Di …"
After understanding this, Luo Zheng recalled that 9527 didn't have a high evaluation of the Eye Demon Clan. The only one that he had a high opinion of was probably this Eye Demon of Fear called "Udi". This Eye Demon could be considered a genuine creature above his level.
But how did Wu Di enter the Nirvana World? Why was there a temple of the Eye Demon in the Nirvana World?
Luo Zheng did not get the answer from those information …

Chapter 2776
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
True Vision
The moment the demonic eye arrived, the entire inner world suddenly trembled.
Almost all of the living beings present raised their heads at that moment …
The power of the Divine Dao was far superior to that of True Essence, and the power of the Paramita was far superior to the Divine Dao. These three types of energy had undergone a qualitative change and were one level apart.
Thus, Luo Zheng had gathered most of his power and only measured one Shen Jun's power on the red stone.
But at this moment, the power of the Paramita of the Demonic Eye was tens of Shen Jun's power even when Luo Zheng unleashed it.
The aura contained within could naturally shake the entire inner world.
"Huala …"
The chaotic seawater was oppressed by this power and rushed in all directions.
When the seawater rushed to the edge of the inner world, it was blocked by the invisible wall formed by the Thousand Fan Domain and turned into a tsunami that was thousands of feet high and pushed toward the continents.
There were thousands of villages and cities at the edge of the continents.
When they saw the tsunami that was as high as a mountain in the distance, everyone was horrified.
The powerful martial artists and True Gods began to flee, while the ordinary mortals did not even have the chance to escape. In the face of such a natural disaster, ordinary people were as powerless as ants.
Just as the tsunami was about to sweep across the continents, Luo Zheng's incarnation gently raised its arm.
He naturally would not allow such a disaster to happen …
At the edge of the continents, a wall of air appeared on the long coastlines at the same time.
"Boom …"
Even though the tsunami was extremely powerful, it could not surpass the wall of air at all.
"Miracle …"
"It's a miracle!"
"Lord God bless us!"
"Creator God …"
When the mortals saw this scene, they all knelt on the ground and kept worshipping.
When they contributed their power of faith, Luo Zheng felt that his Dao reserves were also constantly increasing …
Some True Gods would indeed constantly create disasters in order to increase the power of faith in their inner worlds and then appear to save them. This way, the people in their inner worlds would be deeply grateful and believe in them as old friends.
Some powerful ancient martial artists and Real Gods looked at the sky with a grave expression.
These people's perception was already very powerful. They sensed that an abnormally powerful being had descended, and the power it contained was countless times stronger than that of a nine-star.
It was hard for them to imagine that there was such a powerful being in this world!
Flowing Flower Sect, Fresh Flower Mountain, in a small pavilion.
A beautiful woman brewed tea for Luo Nian. This woman was the Flowing Flower Sect's Holy Maiden. Her name had spread far and wide on this continent. Countless young elites had fallen in love with her.
Just as she handed the tea Luo Nian, Luo Nian suddenly Luo Zheng.
The holy maiden of the Flowing Flower Sect also felt the powerful being's Qi.
This kind of power was enough to destroy an entire continent …
The Saintess looked up at the sky and said, "I wonder what is descending …"
"I'll go!"
Luo Nian Luo, Luo Nian, Luo Luo Luo Translation, Luo, Luo Luo Translation
Luo Lu Translation Translation 'Translation's Lu Translation Translation Translation Translation Translation.
Even though Luo Nian had defeated the three old monsters of the Sky Jue Sect and was ranked number one on the continent, there was still a huge gap between him and the object that was descending from the sky.
"Don't worry, it should be fine." Luo Nian quietly squeezed her soft hand and used greater teleportation to quietly disappear …
When he walked out of the teleportation channel, he looked up and saw a huge eyeball!
An indescribable feeling arose in his heart.
At this moment, he thought of death. He wanted everything that could frighten him.
Luo Nian's mind almost broke down.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng noticed Luo Nian. With a wave of his hand, a space enveloped Luo Nian, isolating him from the outside world and cutting off the Demonic Eye of Fear's power.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Luo Nian gasped for breath, his whole body still tense.
"Nian 'er, how could you be so reckless!"
Luo Zheng reprimanded Luo Nian.
After a while, Luo Nian calmed down. "I … I thought it wasn't that dangerous …"
The others were terrified. How could they dare to approach? Luo Zheng didn't take any precautions.
Luo Nian was the only one who didn't have any misgivings and ran over. With Luo Nian's cultivation, how could he withstand the Demonic Eye of Fear?
"Go down. I'm going to carry this thing." Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the space enveloping Luo Nian was moved to the continent.
After chasing Luo Nian away, Luo Zheng began to concentrate on carrying the Demonic Eye of Fear.
"Whoosh …"
When the Demonic Eye of Fear descended to a certain height, the Sanskrit text at the edge of the Inner World finally moved.
The Sanskrit text began to glow, and then it began to absorb the chaotic seawater. The seawater turned into a pale golden chain, extending from the edge of the Inner World.
"Crack!"
The huge chain wrapped around the Demonic Eye.
Next, the second Sanskrit text produced a chain, then the third, fourth, fifth … tenth …
In the end, the number of Sanskrit texts that turned into pale golden chains reached 104.
"If a Nirvana Realm expert in Ten Fan Domain carried this Demonic Eye, his Inner World would collapse, right?" Luo Zheng whispered.
A considerable number of people in Dragon City hadn't opened Ten Fan Domain.
They had indeed entered the Nirvana Realm and obtained the Nirvana Realm token, but they couldn't carry it into their Inner World and couldn't unleash its true power.
A small number of people had opened Ten Fan Domain, such as Yin Yuehuan and Su Kuan. These people were already stronger than ordinary Nirvana Realm experts and were qualified to be Banner Lords. At least they could fully unleash the power of the Nirvana Realm token.
As for Hundred Fan Domain and Thousand Fan Domain, Luo Zheng had never heard of them.
After the pale golden chains wrapped around the Demonic Eye, they released golden light again, illuminating the entire Inner World. Then, all the chains disappeared, leaving only the Demonic Eye floating in the air.
At this time, the Demonic Eye was like a tamed beast. It had already merged with the Inner World. Like the Nine Stars, even if it contained great power, it wouldn't put pressure on the Inner World. At the same time, the Demonic Eye was completely open to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng began to decipher the Demonic Eye itself again …
After a while, a look of surprise appeared on his face. Then, he dispersed the incarnation in his body and opened his eyes.
"This Demonic Eye … was originally called the Mind's Eye. In the long history of the Demonic Eye Clan, a total of 19 Demonic Eyes were born … Two of them were left in the Sky Sunflower Temple!"
"The supernatural power to evoke fear is the innate supernatural power of the Demonic Eye Clan. Any Demonic Eye Clan can use it."
"But the Mind's Eye has another ability, and that is the Real Vision."
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows, and a ray of white light bloomed from his right eye.
In the secret cultivation room of the Sword Training Pagoda, there was a huge cave illusion. The long swords, giant swords, and even the jade cattail under his butt weren't real. With Luo Zheng's strength, he couldn't see through them at all.
But in the vision of Luo Zheng's right eye, all the illusions disappeared, and he was sitting in a bare room …
"This ability …"

Chapter 2777
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Unable to copy
When Luo Zheng entered the Sword Pavilion for the first time, he was interested in the sword pattern technique.
But at that time, Luo Zheng had yet to cross over to the Nirvana Realm. Without enough cultivation, he couldn't unleash its power, so he didn't consider this sword manual.
If the sword pattern technique was really as powerful as it was described, its effect would naturally be amazing when combined with the Mind's Eye …
Luo Zheng was very satisfied with the results he had gained from his seclusion.
When Luo Zheng left the Sword Training Pagoda, Wen Si, who was guarding the Sword Training Pagoda, came up to him. But he looked like he wanted to say something.
Luo Zheng felt strange and asked, "Elder Wen, what do you want to say?"
"I want to remind you … Don't provoke Mo Yijian," Wen Si said.
Wen Si had seen Luo Zheng fight with Mo Yijian in Dragon City. He had always wanted to warn Luo Zheng.
But after that, Luo Zheng accepted a mission and went to Mountain View State. He hadn't shown up in the Sword Training Pagoda.
Although Wen Si was in Dragon City, he was very senior in the Heavenly Palace.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed very talented, but Mo Yijian was one of the top two or three people in the younger generation. He was a genius who comprehended the Dao with a single thought. Luo Zheng in Dragon City couldn't be compared to him.
Of course, if Wen Si knew the reason why Mo Yijian fought with Luo Zheng, he probably wouldn't have said that.
"Thank you for your concern, Elder Wen. I'll be careful." Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng would never provoke others, but if some people came knocking on his door, he would never back down.
Since Old Wen had good intentions, Luo Zheng wouldn't brush him off.
After leaving the Sword Training Pagoda, he went straight to the Sword Pavilion. After entering the Sword Pavilion, he went up the stairs and went straight to the third floor.
As soon as he stepped into the illusion on the third floor, the voice of the guard came again.
"Buying sword manuals again today?"
Perhaps because of Ling Shuang, this person's attitude towards Luo Zheng was much more amiable.
He knew that Luo Zheng had only bought two sword manuals. How many days had it been?
Ordinary people might not even be able to digest a single sword manual, but this brat had done it again.
"I wonder if there is such a discount?" Luo Zheng asked.
Last time, Ling Shuang had accompanied him, so he had gotten a forty percent discount for these high-priced sword manuals. It was a very good deal. If he could get them, he could save a lot of divine crystals.
"Since you are Ling Shuang's friend, I have nothing to say. You can choose whatever you want," said the man with a smile.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng smiled.
Actually, Luo Zheng was a little curious about this "Uncle Qing" of Ling Shuang. He even wanted to activate his Mind's Eye and look through this illusion to see his true self. However, since this person had never shown up, he was afraid that doing so would anger him. He immediately suppressed this thought in his heart and walked towards the light pillar of the "Sword Pattern Art".
"In addition to the" Sword Pattern Art ", I also want to borrow that yellow paper …" said Luo Zheng.
"Are you really interested in this yellow paper?" asked the man.
"Yes," replied Luo Zheng.
"Ten million divine crystals. I will give you a forty percent discount, but it will still cost six million. Also, you can only borrow it for one day. You can't show it outside during this day." The man repeated the rules and added, "Actually, you are not the first person to borrow this yellow paper. Originally, many people wanted to find a trace of opportunity in the Sword Pattern Art of Eternity, but they all failed …"
As the foundation of the Heaven Palace, the Sword Pattern Art of Eternity was a perfect True Meaning of Dao. It was on par with the other twelve True Meanings of Dao.
Even Donghuang himself couldn't add another stroke to it. Who else could?
However, Luo Zheng still paid the divine crystals silently and took the yellow paper and the "Sword Pattern Art" before leaving Dragon City.
He stayed in Dragon City for ten days.
During these ten days, after Su Kuan settled down Su Youxue, he also repaired the Snow Sword at the Family Su and handed it to Luo Zheng.
After nightfall …
Dragon City fell into silence again. Everyone was silently cultivating under the banner of the Heaven Palace.
Luo Zheng set up a barrier to isolate himself from the others. Only then did he take out the yellow paper.
He could only borrow it for one day, so he had to make good use of it.
The yellow paper was coated with a layer of colored glass crystals. Eight lines of Sanskrit were drawn on the yellow paper.
In the Realm of the Gods, Luo Nian had used his own ability to decipher the "True Meaning of Dao". Now that he thought about it, this kid had actually accomplished a magnificent feat!
One had to know that Donghuang's current status was largely due to him deciphering the Sword Pattern Art of Eternity. One could imagine how difficult it was for the first person to decipher it …
Luo Zheng gently clapped his hands together, pushing the yellow paper into his dantian. At the same time, his incarnation appeared once more. He reached out and grabbed the yellow paper. His figure flickered as he appeared beside Luo Nian.
When Luo Nian saw his father suddenly appear, his face was filled with anger.
Yesterday, he had been thrown down from the sky by Luo Zheng. He was still angry about it.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could only try to appease him. "Before the Demonic Eye was born, it was still very dangerous. Yesterday, father could only deal with it this way."
Luo Nian's expression softened, but he still said in a muffled voice, "Tell me, what Sanskrit do you want me to decipher this time …"
"How did you know I came looking for you because of this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Apart from this, is there anything else?" Luo Nian's face was filled with hidden bitterness.
Luo Zheng was speechless. It seemed that he should spend more time with his family.
But just as Luo Zheng handed the yellow paper to Luo Nian, Luo Nian's eyes suddenly flashed. His eyes were glued to the yellow paper as if he couldn't take them off. "What complicated Sanskrit …"
The more complicated Sanskrit was, the broader the meaning, and the more difficult it was to decipher.
"The first six lines of Sanskrit should have recorded the true meaning of the Eternal Sword Fate. I already have a translation. Can you decipher the last two lines?" Luo Zheng asked.
"These two lines of Sanskrit …" Luo Nian stared at the yellow paper, his face growing more and more cautious. "I'm afraid it will take some time …"
Luo Nian could see through simple Sanskrit at a glance, but complex Sanskrit also needed time to comprehend.
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to decipher it in one go, but this yellow paper could only be borrowed for a day.
So he gently stroked his palm, and a stone tablet appeared in his hand. He wanted to copy the Sanskrit on the yellow paper, but the Sanskrit he copied had already lost its charm …
Looking at the distorted Sanskrit on the stone tablet, Luo Nian curled his lips and looked at Luo Zheng with an odd expression.
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly and said, "Wait a moment …"
He had forgotten that Sanskrit couldn't be copied at will, but he still had some Rubbing Stones in the Realm of the Gods.
After Luo Zheng took the Rubbing Stone, he once again copied the yellow paper.
He didn't expect that the Sanskrit on the Rubbing Stone would be the same as before. The Sanskrit lines were still very blurry.
"The Sanskrit on this yellow paper can't be copied …" Luo Zheng's face turned ugly.

Chapter 2778
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Unexpected
After slowing down, Luo Zheng stopped talking.
In this quiet space, Luo Nian studied the two pieces of Sanskrit …
In Luo Nian's eyes, in the complex composition of Sanskrit, every stroke contained a wide range of meanings.
And the more complex the composition, the more extensive the meaning.
Since ancient times, there had been countless interpreters. Almost every translator had to rack their brains to determine the meaning and eliminate other ambiguities.
Every time they deciphered a word, they had to eliminate dozens of ambiguities. Naturally, it was extraordinarily difficult to decipher Sanskrit.
And Luo Nian seemed to have a natural talent. He could eliminate other ambiguities in Sanskrit in an instant, so he could read simple Sanskrit in one breath.
But these two pieces of Sanskrit were far more complex than the others. Each composition contained thousands of ambiguities!
Capturing the correct meaning from thousands of ambiguities was an impossible task for most translators.
So Donghuang himself had not been able to decipher the Sanskrit on the yellow paper.
Although Luo Nian was still stubborn, once he immersed himself in something, he would be extremely serious.
Two hours …
Four hours …
One day …
Two days …
For six days, Luo Nian remained motionless. He stared at the Sanskrit with bloodshot eyes.
His mind was working at high speed, which consumed a lot of soul strength. During this process, Luo Zheng gave him several elixirs to increase his soul strength.
In these six days, he did not decipher a single word. Instead, he tried his best to find the connection and pattern!
The seventh day …
Luo Nian's tired and dim eyes suddenly flashed with a light!
Every composition in Sanskrit had thousands of ambiguities, and when hundreds of thousands of compositions were combined together, the ambiguities contained within would be multiplied by each other. There were probably tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of them. Amidst this vast sea of ambiguities, Luo Nian had finally captured a trace of a pattern!
Through this pattern, Luo Nian combined it with other compositions to infer the original meaning hidden within the Sanskrit, revealing it bit by bit.
"It should work!" Luo Nian said happily. Then he said, "This Sanskrit is a continuation of the previous six Sanskrit …"
As he spoke, he began to recite …
But just as Luo Nian recited these four words, his eyes flashed with a sharp light.
Just when Luo Nian was still puzzled, an invisible sword light suddenly rushed out from the top of his head, directly cutting through the barrier set up by Luo Zheng!
The flow of time inside the barrier was different from the flow of time outside the barrier. Under the friction between the two flows of time, a little halo appeared.
At the same time, Luo Nian's eyes rolled back, and his body withered as he fell to the ground.
"Nian 'er!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed when he saw this.
As the master of this world, how powerful was Luo Zheng's control over his inner world?
No matter how talented or powerful the Evil Deities were, the barrier he had drawn out would still be able to imprison them at will. However, the aura of True Meaning that Luo Nian had just released had directly broken the barrier …
The power contained within this true intent aura was actually very small, but it was abnormally sharp!
Although Luo Nian's soul wasn't weak, it couldn't resist at all!
The moment Luo Nian collapsed, Ning Yudie, who was meditating in the immortal residence, suddenly opened her eyes, a trace of panic appearing on her face.
In order to ensure Luo Nian's safety, Ning Yudie asked Luo Zheng to help Nian 'er make a life lamp.
She naturally knew the moment Luo Nian fell unconscious.
"Crack …"
She suddenly crushed a talisman. The moment this talisman shattered, a talisman hanging on Luo Nian's waist also shattered, and two spatial doors appeared at the same time beside Ning Yudie and Luo Nian.
Ning Yudie stepped through the door and saw the unconscious Luo Nian on the ground. She shouted with a face full of panic, "Nian 'er! What happened to you! "
Luo Zheng reached out and pressed the top of Luo Nian's head, sensing for a moment, and said in a low voice, "His soul has been cut in half …"
"What! What do we do then! "Ning Yudie's beautiful face turned pale when she heard this.
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He was sensing the extent of the damage to Luo Nian's soul.
The soul was far more malleable than the body, so many people could sever their own souls to create a soul doppelganger. However, they had to be very careful in the process of doing so. The slightest carelessness could cause irreversible damage to the soul.
The true intent aura just now was extremely small. It had cut Luo Nian's soul in half without harming the soul's foundation. Even if there was damage, it wouldn't be a big problem.
But under Luo Zheng's perception, the two halves of the soul had already begun to fuse together …
"It shouldn't be a big problem," Luo Zheng said comfortingly. "Let's go back to the immortal residence first …"
With that, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, and the three of them disappeared from where they were, instantly appearing in the immortal residence.
The situation just now had indeed given Luo Zheng a fright.
Cultivating the true intent of Dao would indeed exert a great deal of pressure on the soul.
But under that kind of pressure, at most, one would be unable to continue chanting and faint. It was impossible for a situation like Luo Nian's to occur.
Although Luo Zheng comforted Ning Yudie that it wasn't a big problem, Ning Yudie still scolded Luo Zheng for a long time. He shouldn't have allowed Luo Nian to participate in such a dangerous matter.
Luo Zheng could only smile bitterly. He understood his wife's nervousness.
It wasn't until an hour later that Luo Nian slowly woke up. Only then did Ning Yudie relax.
When Luo Nian woke up, he didn't feel any pain. The first thing he was concerned about was the yellow paper. "Father … this thing is even more dangerous than the true intent of Dao techniques. I'm afraid I can't read it out loud, but I can write it down."
In the divine territory, Luo Nian had also used this method to write down the true intent of Dao techniques.
The true intent of Dao itself was a special kind of "rhythm". By chanting according to this "rhythm", one could touch upon the power of the sea of true intent. As long as one didn't think according to this "rhythm" and dissected the words individually, there wouldn't be much of a problem.
"What's there to write … you almost lost your life!" Ning Yudie said discontentedly.
"That won't do. It wasn't easy for me to decipher it!" Luo Nian had spent a great deal of effort deciphering this Sanskrit. He naturally wasn't willing to let his efforts go to waste.
Then, Luo Nian dipped the brush in ink and continued to write word by word according to the Sanskrit on the yellow paper.
For safety reasons, Luo Nian used a piece of black cloth to cover every word he wrote. This was to prevent himself from associating the words with each other and releasing that sharp aura again.
Two hours later, Luo Nian finally finished writing. The entire process was very smooth.
He carefully rolled up the paper and handed it to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he cautiously said to Luo Zheng, "Father … although I don't know what this is, if Father wants to cultivate, you must be very, very careful!"
Hearing his son's advice, Luo Zheng was also moved. This kid had indeed grown a lot while cultivating in his inner world.
"Nian 'er, you've spent so much effort. Don't you want a reward this time?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked with a smile.
"Reward …" Luo Nian blinked and suddenly said, "If Ling Ya and I reach the Great Perfection stage, can you let us leave your inner world?"
Ling Ya was the Saintess of the Flowing Flower Sect.
Luo Nian's current strength in his inner world was already at the peak …
If he wanted to take another step forward, he could only choose to leave this place.

Chapter 2779
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Transferring the Alliance Leader
Even if Luo Nian cultivated in the inner world, everything would be under Luo Zheng's control.
Once Luo Nian left, who knew what kind of danger he would face? Ning Yudie was naturally worried.
In the face of Ning Yudie's resolute opposition, Luo Nian retorted, "I'm not asking you, Mother. I'm asking Father!"
Since childhood, although his mother had spoiled him, she was also abnormally strong and stood by her words.
Luo Nian might not have given Luo Zheng any face, but he had always listened to Ning Yudie's words.
But as Luo Nian grew, he would eventually have his own ideas.
When Luo Nian had returned to Immortal Mansion, he had mentioned this matter, but Ning Yudie had vetoed it. Now he brought it up in front of Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie was deflated, but she didn't relax in the slightest. Instead, she looked coldly at Luo Zheng. She wanted to see her husband's attitude.
Although Luo Zheng felt the pressure from Ning Yudie, he still smiled and said, "I agree."
"Husband … you …"
Seeing the father and son's expressions, Ning Yudie suddenly felt stifled.
"Nian 'er has already grown up. He's already a True Immortal. He can't be trapped in the inner world forever …" Luo Zheng advised.
Ning Yudie naturally understood this reasoning, but as a mother, she was naturally worried about her children.
She was about to retort when Luo Zheng continued, "Besides, Luo Nian has his own pursuits. If you do this, you'll only delay his growth."
Luo Zheng understood Ning Yudie's worries, but when it was time to let go, he still needed to let go.
Clap clap clap …
"Father is right!"
Luo Nian unexpectedly began to clap.
Ning Yudie was originally very conflicted, but Luo Nian was still adding fuel to the fire. Her eyes reddened, and she immediately burst into tears.
Seeing this, Luo Nian was a little flustered.
"Nian 'er, go out first. I'll persuade your mother. Today, father promised you that if you can reach the peak, I'll let you go," Luo Zheng promised.
So Luo Nian ran out like a wisp of smoke.
Then Luo Zheng gently hugged Ning Yudie's slender waist and comforted her again. At the same time, he told her about the situation in the Heavenly Palace.
With Luo Nian's current cultivation, it would not be difficult for him to gain a foothold in the Heavenly Palace. As long as he did not leave the territory of the Human Race, it would not be as dangerous as Ning Yudie had imagined.
Ning Yudie was also reflecting on herself. After all, she knew that Luo Zheng was right. Keeping Luo Nian in her inner world would only limit Nian 'er's development …
Luo Zheng coaxed Ning Yudie for a while before she calmed down and smiled through her tears.
…
…
After accompanying Ning Yudie for several hours in the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng dispersed his Inner Incarnation.
The flow of time in the Immortal Mansion was the same as in the Mother World. When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, the outside world had just begun to brighten.
He put away the yellow paper and the Sanskrit translated by Luo Nian. After taking down the flag, he went to Dragon City.
According to the agreement, the yellow paper had to be returned today.
When the Sword Pavilion returned the yellow paper, "Uncle Qing", who was guarding the Sword Pavilion, asked about it. Luo Zheng naturally said that he did not feel anything. Uncle Qing said that he had already expected this and wasted another few million Spirit Crystals …
After returning the yellow paper, Luo Zheng turned around and returned to the gate of Dragon City.
He already had enough people under his command. Back then, he had accepted the mission of "Defend Jade Cloud City". Although he did not complete it perfectly, the problem did not lie with Luo Zheng. Those who survived were considered to have completed it by default, so he had enough merits.
In fact, since Luo Zheng had decided to go up the mountain, it did not matter whether he was promoted to alliance leader or not.
But now Luo Zheng was not alone. He had many people under his command. If he left, these people would have no choice but to go to other places.
At the gate of Dragon City, Luo Zheng saw the mortal old man again.
The old man seemed to have expected Luo Zheng to come and change the flag. "After being promoted to alliance leader, all your people can enter and leave Dragon City. This is a good plan. But if you go up the mountain, the alliance leader's flag will have to be returned."
Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback. He asked, "Elder, you know I'm going up the mountain?"
The old man who took the flag smiled faintly. He did not directly answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, he suggested, "Why don't you elect a powerful person to take over your position? Now that you are famous in Dragon City, no one dares to have any ideas about you. You can support someone like Mo Yijian."
This suggestion coincided with Luo Zheng's idea.
But a powerful person …
Luo Zheng was in a dilemma.
He had considered Su Kuan before, but Su Kuan's cultivation was too weak.
"Yin Yuehuan was originally a big Banner Master. If she works hard, it is possible for her to be promoted to alliance leader with her own strength. It is reasonable for her to become the alliance leader in advance," the old man said again.
"Banner Master Yin? Indeed … "
When Luo Zheng first entered Dragon City, she had given him a lot of help. Most of the time, his people were also protected by her. She was indeed an excellent candidate.
"If you are willing, I will directly put the alliance leader's flag under Yin Yuehuan's name today," the old man continued.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Elder, are you urging me to go up the mountain quickly?"
"You don't belong to Dragon City. Since you have joined our Heavenly Palace, you should be treated better," the old man said lightly.
"In that case, I will respectfully accept …" Luo Zheng cupped his hands.
In the wilderness outside Dragon City.
Luo Zheng asked Yue Baicheng to gather his people together. At the same time, he also found Yin Yuehuan.
"Luo Zheng, what is it that you need to gather everyone?" Yin Yuehuan asked.
Everyone was also confused.
Luo Zheng tapped his Sumeru Ring lightly, and a flag flew to Yin Yuehuan. "This is yours."
Yin Yuehuan took the flag with a strange look on her face. "The alliance leader's flag?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I have already transferred the merit to you. From now on, you are the new alliance leader of Dragon City. I will entrust my people to you in the future."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the people under his banner were still okay.
But Yue Baicheng, Qiu Yi, and the other disciples looked at each other …
Especially Lai Huabei, who hurriedly asked, "Banner Master, are you leaving Dragon City?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes."
"Wow …"
The disciples of the academy were in an uproar.
In the eyes of these disciples, Luo Zheng was their leader and guide. They could enter Dragon City and cultivate steadily until now because of Luo Zheng's ability alone!
Now that Luo Zheng wanted to leave, how could they accept it?
Su Kuan's expression was calm. When he saw Qiu Yin River, he already knew that Luo Zheng would inevitably go up the mountain.
In fact, this guy had been staying in Dragon City all this time, which was very abnormal.
"Banner Master, since you are leaving Dragon City, are you going up the mountain?" Yue Baicheng asked.
The news outside Dragon City was not blocked. These disciples had stayed here for a year and had some understanding of the structure of the Heavenly Palace.
In order to make a name for yourself in Dragon City, you either had to go up the mountain or enter Tai Yiwei.

Chapter 2781
Going up the mountain
Luo Zheng nodded and replied, "Yes, I'm going up the mountain."
After being pressured by Phoenix in Mountain View State, Qiu Yinhe finally saw through his background.
After his identity was exposed, he only had two choices.
Either go up the mountain or leave Great One Heavenly Palace. Qiu Yinhe also gave him these two choices.
Great One Heavenly Palace was one of the three great orthodoxies, and also a traditional sword cultivation place. This place was indeed very suitable for Luo Zheng.
More importantly, he learned from Qiu Yinhe that the path chosen by the Heavenly Palace did not conflict with his own, and was not different from Jiuli.
His choice to go up the mountain was also logical.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the academy disciples fell into silence again.
They all knew what going up the mountain meant, and even more clearly, Luo Zheng had the qualifications to go up the mountain.
These people were reluctant to let Luo Zheng leave, but if they kept urging him to stay, they would appear too selfish.
Yue Baicheng looked at the silent crowd and said sincerely, "Clan Leader is a true genius, staying in Dragon City to take care of us is a waste of his talent. Now that he wants to go up the mountain, it's the Heavenly Palace's good eye, we should give him our blessings!"
"Yue Baicheng is right!" Yue Baicheng said.
"Banner Lord has already done too much for us!"
"If not for Banner Lord, we wouldn't even be able to pass the sword wall …"
"Everyone, cultivate diligently, and in the future, you can also follow Banner Lord up the mountain …"
The atmosphere suddenly became lively.
After being in Dragon City for less than a year, the mentality of these academy disciples had changed greatly.
People like Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi were considered absolute geniuses in the Dao Sword Palace, but in Dragon City, there were many people stronger than them. They naturally understood what it meant to say that there was always someone stronger.
Yue Baicheng and the other Dao Sword Palace wastrels also completely focused and cultivated every day, catching up to Yue Baicheng and the others.
"If not for Banner Lord, let alone Dragon City, I wouldn't even be able to enter the Dao Sword Palace …" Lai Huabei suddenly said faintly.
When Luo Zheng ran to Heaven's Wall City, Lai Huabei was purely looking for a helper. Who would have thought that such a person would bring him from Tiandu State to Seven Star State, and then all the way to the Center God Province?
His experiences over the past year were like a dream to him.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and patted Lai Huabei on the shoulder. Then he said, "Isn't Dragon City also in? Maybe we can go up the mountain in the future? "
"I'm already very satisfied," Lai Huabei said seriously. "As for going up the mountain, I don't dare to dream …"
Dragon City was already a holy land in Lai Huabei's heart. He didn't even dare to think about going to the Heavenly Palace.
Among these people, Lai Huabei's talent was probably the worst. It was indeed very difficult for him to climb the mountain.
"Before this, have you ever thought about coming back to Dragon City by yourself?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lai Huabei shook his head. He could never have imagined that he would have such an experience.
"That's it. As long as we work hard, anything is possible," Luo Zheng said.
Lai Huabei nodded, and his expression became firm.
That night …
None of the people under the Yin Yuehuan Alliance had cultivated.
She placed the Alliance Leader's flag in a slightly more remote position.
The disciples of the school lit a bonfire and surrounded Luo Zheng, chatting all night.
Yin Yuehuan seemed a little silent.
In fact, she was indeed shocked by the sudden position of the Alliance Leader.
As one of the three Banner Leaders outside of Dragon City, she indeed had the hope of taking over after Alliance Leader Tong left. However, Alliance Leader Tong wasn't strong enough. She didn't know when she would leave Dragon City.
More importantly, Luo Zheng could make Sword Comprehension Liquid!
Yin Yuehuan certainly knew how Situ Xiu became so powerful. It was a rare opportunity to be able to sell Sword Comprehension Liquid to a genius who comprehended Dao with a single thought.
She couldn't accept that such a good thing had happened to her.
"Banner Leader Yin, you don't seem happy today?" Luo Zheng noticed Yin Yuehuan's mood and suddenly asked.
Yin Yuehuan said, "How can I not be happy to suddenly become the Alliance Leader? I just feel that all this … came too easily, like an illusion …"
"An illusion may not be unreal," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"That's true …"
"After I go up the mountain, I hope Banner Leader Yin can take care of these disciples," Luo Zheng requested.
Yin Yuehuan nodded. She naturally understood the relationship between Luo Zheng and these disciples. After all, these people, from entering the Sword Wall to various benefits, were all taken care of by Luo Zheng. She naturally had to take care of these people.
The night passed quickly …
Although everyone didn't sleep, they were still full of energy.
After dawn, Luo Zheng went to Dragon City alone. Yue Baicheng and the others wanted to send him off, but Luo Zheng refused. Going up the mountain like this didn't mean that he was leaving. He would have many opportunities to come back in the future.
In Dragon City, Luo Zheng went to find Wen Si.
When Luo Zheng said that he wanted to go up the mountain, Wen Si wasn't surprised at all.
But according to the usual procedure, it should be Wen Si who recommended him. But thinking of Qiu Yinhe's interference, Wen Si felt that he should report to Qiu Yinhe first. But after seeing the golden sword token that Luo Zheng showed, Wen Si knew that there was no need to report.
"Come with me," Wen Si said.
Under Wen Si's lead, the two left Dragon City and went straight to Greater One Mountain.
This huge mountain was like a giant beast that had been creeping for countless years. It had been guarding this place for countless years, and its height was almost impossible to measure.
The two climbed along the mountain path. Although their speed was extremely fast, after climbing for a long time, when they looked back, although Dragon City was so small that it was negligible, they still seemed to be at the foot of the mountain.
After several hours, the two finally reached halfway up the mountain.
Luo Zheng followed Wen Si into a spotless palace. Wen Si had him wait at the door while he went in first.
When Wen Si came out, there was a white-robed middle-aged man at his side.
This person was called Guchen. All the disciples that went up the mountain were examined by him, and Wen Si was only responsible for the recommendation.
Guchen glanced at Luo Zheng's token, then nodded and said, "It really is the sword token of the Tian Jiedushi!"
Then he said to the path leading up the mountain, "From here, you need to go up the mountain on your own. If you encounter any trouble on the way, you need to deal with it yourself. At the top, there will naturally be someone to receive you."
The path up the mountain was never easy to walk. Wen Si had recommended many people, but those that could truly climb up were no more than ten or twenty.
"With your ability, you just need to be a little more careful on the way," Wen Si said with a smile.
"Thank you for your reminder, Elder Wen." Luo Zheng clasped his hands.
Guchen looked at Wen Si in surprise and said, "Wen Si has such confidence in this person?"
Although Luo Zheng had Qiu Yinhe's sword token, it was only because Qiu Yinhe favored this person. Since ancient times, there had been many people who went up the mountain. Who could guarantee that they would definitely be able to reach the top?
"Someone recommended by Qiu Yinhe is naturally not ordinary," Wen Si said with a smile. After being warned by Qiu Yinhe, he naturally would not reveal too much information about Luo Zheng.
Guchen shook his head. "I don't think so. Several Tian Jiedushi have recommended him. Those people who are related to him shouldn't perform too poorly. Many of them have rolled down the mountain. Their vision can't compare to Wen Si's …"

Chapter 2782
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Comparison
After Luo Zheng left, Guchen said to an attendant in the palace, "Bring me the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road Formation Disk."
The attendant entered the palace, and when he came back, he handed an ancient formation disk to Guchen.
From the mountainside to the peak, this road was called the "Coiling Dragon Ancient Road". It had existed since the beginning of the construction of the Heavenly Palace.
There were countless large formations with heavy killing intent set up on the ancient road.
For example, the "Mountain Robbing Sword", "Falling Mountain Sword" and other sword formations. Such large formations were the foundation to protect the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
Of course, the formation disks of these sword formations were not controlled by Guchen.
The formation disk in Guchen's hand was only used to control the "Refining Cloud Mountain Formation". This formation was only built to test the climbers.
In the beginning, the Heavenly Palace did not build the Dragon City.
If one wanted to enter the Heavenly Palace, one had to go up the mountain directly.
Every day, there were countless people climbing the mountain, and there were hundreds of thousands of people rolling down the Cloud Mountain Formation every day …
Later on, the Dragon City was built, and it became extremely difficult to obtain the qualifications to climb the mountain.
"This person is only at the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. According to the rules, the eighth level of difficulty is enough," Guchen said.
"Eighth level …" Wen Si was stunned.
Guchen glanced at Wen Si, and immediately asked, "Brother Wen Si, do you still think it's difficult?"
This formation disk could adjust the difficulty of the Cloud Mountain Formation, and the eighth level was already the lowest level.
According to the difficulty of Luo Zheng's cultivation, it was very consistent.
Wen Si smiled, "If Lord Gu gives the eighth level of difficulty, Luo Zheng's speed up the mountain today will probably break the record."
Guchen thought for a moment, and then said, "Brother Wen Si, since you think so highly of this person, I'll give the seventh level."
This time, Wen Si did not speak …
For Luo Zheng, walking the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road was just a formality. As long as he could ascend the mountain, it would be fine.
As a matter of fact, Wen Si was thinking that Luo Zheng's cultivation was at the First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm. Even if he was at the Fifth or Fourth Heaven, it would not be a problem for him. If he was at the Seventh or Eighth Heaven, it would not be a problem for Luo Zheng.
Things were indeed as Wen Si had imagined.
After Guchen activated the array disc, the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path up the mountain glowed with a bright light.
This ancient path was like a coiling dragon entrenched on the mountain, winding and long.
"For those at the first level of Heaven, the fastest they can climb up the mountain in the seventh level of difficulty is twelve hours. I have already activated the Misty Mountain Refining Array … Hmm?"
After Guchen activated the disk array, a trace of suspicion appeared in his eyes.
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng's speed would drop sharply the moment the Array Disc was activated.
However, from the disk array, Guchen could see that Luo Zheng's speed of ascension was not affected in the slightest. In fact, it was even 30% faster!
"Did that kid's speed increase?" Wen Si laughed at the side.
"Indeed …"
Seeing this bizarre scene, Guchen had some doubts. Was the array broken?
However, the Misty Mountain Refining Array was set up by the masters of the Heavenly Palace and had been around for countless years. How could it be broken today?
Moreover, the disk array was operating normally.
"According to this speed, not to mention twelve hours, I'm afraid four hours would be enough," Wen Si laughed.
"Impossible." Guchen shook his head. "He's fast now, but he might not be able to last long. I'm afraid he's using some secret method to motivate himself …"
However, after an hour, Guchen could not sit still anymore.
Not only did Luo Zheng's speed not decrease, but it seemed to be increasing instead.
If he really went with this speed, he should be able to reach the mountain peak in three hours.
"Let's go with the Sixth Level of difficulty." Guchen controlled the disk array again.
Giving a Sixth Level of difficulty for a First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm was already giving Luo Zheng a lot of respect.
When Guchen increased the difficulty by one level, he clearly saw Luo Zheng's figure pause for a moment, and his speed slowed down slightly.
However, after a few breaths of time, his speed returned to normal, and he continued to climb crazily.
Guchen looked dumbfounded. He grabbed the disk array and shook it. He really thought that the disk array was broken.
"Brother Wen Si, where did this kid come from?" Guchen finally understood where Wen Si's confidence came from.
"Didn't you show it to Master Gu? That sword token belongs to Master Qiu, "Wen Si said.
Guchen shook his head. He had been in the Misty Mountain Palace for many years, and now he naturally realized that Luo Zheng was extraordinary. "If that's the case, the difficulty should be increased by one level …"
As he spoke, he controlled the disk array again and increased the difficulty to the Fifth Level.
However, on the Ancient Coiling Dragon Path, Luo Zheng's figure still paused slightly, as if he had adapted to the difficulty again. His speed returned to normal in an instant.
"…"
Guchen looked at Luo Zheng's figure on the disk array, and for a moment, he was speechless.
The difficulty on the disk array had become a decoration at this moment?
"Today, I'll open the Fourth Level of difficulty to a First Heaven junior. If he can't pass, I'll report it as it is and personally send him up the mountain." Guchen's expression became serious.
He didn't believe in heresy, so he steeled his heart and adjusted the disk array to the Fourth Level of difficulty.
Immediately after, he observed again, and his expression froze again, as if he had seen a ghost.
Wen Si looked at Guchen's expression and forced a smile, not saying a word.
Fortunately, he was wearing a mask. Even if he smiled, Guchen wouldn't be able to tell.
Wen Si already knew that this would be the result …
This time, Guchen silently controlled the disk array and immediately adjusted it to the Third Level.
The First Heaven and the Third Level of difficulty were already extremely difficult tests.
Back then, Mo Yijian had also ascended the Ancient Coiling Dragon Path with a First Heaven cultivation base.
At that time, the people of the Heart Flow Sword Sect had been given the Third Level of difficulty by Guchen, and later adjusted it to the Second Level. Even so, they had not been able to stop Mo Yijian.
However, Mo Yijian was a genius who had comprehended the Dao with a single thought. The entire Heavenly Palace regarded him as a treasure!
Such a genius didn't need to be afraid of the Ancient Coiling Dragon Path at all. The Heart Flow Sword Sect had only brought Mo Yijian here on a whim. Because of this whim, he had left behind an unprecedented record.
Want Guchen to treat Luo Zheng as Mo Yijian? This was simply impossible.
Under the Third Level of difficulty, Luo Zheng's climbing speed had indeed slowed down.
The reason why he had been climbing so quickly was because Luo Zheng had completely ignored the flying swords stabbing at his face.
No matter how these flying swords hacked at him, they couldn't hurt his body at all.
Seeing that he was only a third of the way to the top of the mountain, the power of these flying swords was increasing. Luo Zheng had no choice but to expend energy to destroy them and occasionally dodge them.
In order to climb to the top of the mountain faster, Luo Zheng's mind stirred slightly.
A layer of black spots appeared under his arms, which were covered by his clothes. Using his arms to protect his head, his speed increased explosively once again.
The flying swords fell like rain, containing several times more powerful than the Sword Training Pagoda. However, when they bombarded Luo Zheng's arms, they only caused his hands to feel numb.
"My speed … has recovered?"
A trace of panic appeared in Guchen's eyes. This was clearly an outcome he had not expected …
This time, even Wen Si was somewhat surprised.

Chapter 2783
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
See Through
Wen Si saw Guchen looking at him and spoke first. "I don't know much about Luo Zheng. He's already passed the third level of the Sword Training Pagoda, and he fought with Mo Yijian last time."
"How did it go?" Guchen asked.
"He lost," Wen Si said.
"Mo Yijian has been on the mountain for a long time, and his cultivation is higher than Luo Zheng's. It's normal for him to lose! But I can't see his potential, "Guchen said with a complicated expression.
He raised the formation plate again. "If he can pass the second level of difficulty, he'll be comparable to Mo Yijian. Do you think it's necessary?"
Wen Si might have protected Luo Zheng, but he was doing Qiu Yinhe a favor. No matter how he looked at it, Luo Zheng was qualified to go up directly.
He was also curious about Luo Zheng's strength …
"Lord Gu, please make your own decision." Wen Si gestured for him to do as he pleased.
If he hurt Luo Zheng or angered him, and Qiu Yinhe blamed him, Wen Si wouldn't be able to bear it. He didn't want Guchen to push the blame on him.
Guchen watched as Luo Zheng gradually recovered. He gritted his teeth and controlled the formation plate again.
The Cloud Mountain Formation on the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road could only reach the third level of difficulty. The second level was added later, and it borrowed the power of the Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation.
So when the second level of difficulty was activated, the Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation was also activated.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
For a moment, the number of flying swords shooting toward Luo Zheng increased.
Since it was just flying swords, there was nothing to be afraid of. He still held his head and moved forward at high speed.
But some of the flying swords exploded when they hit his hands.
Bang, bang …
These flying swords emitted clouds of smoke, which then transformed into chains. At the bottom of the chains hung a large cone-shaped weight!
"This weight … is so heavy?"
Every weight had the strength of one Shen Jun!
In other words, before Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, it would be difficult for him to lift this weight!
The Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation was ever-changing.
This was just one of the changes. If he met the Jinwu or the Winged Art Formation, he could rely on this formation, he could drag countless golden crows down the mountain....
Hanging two or three weights didn't pose any problem to Luo Zheng.
But as the flying swords, the weight, the weight, the weight, the weight, naturally, the weight, naturally, the weight was …
In half an incense stick's time, there were already fifty to sixty weights hanging behind Luo Zheng!
Of course, his speed slowed down …
"I '' '' '' '' ''
There, '' '' '' Is Is? Is Is, Is Is Feel Is Is Is Is Is.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng took out his Snow Sword and slashed at the chains.
Metal and iron clashed, but the crisp sound didn't come out. Instead, it seemed to have slashed at the air.
"This illusory formation can't be broken by brute force," Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
These chains and weights didn't really exist, but the Godly Jun Force that they exerted was real.
Bang, bang …
While he hesitated, more swords exploded in front of him.
Entangled by the chains, Luo Zheng Half. More than a hundred weights were hanging behind him. At this moment, it was almost impossible for him to move.
In the Cloud Mountain Palace, Guchen laughed, "Mo Yijian was also trapped for a long time. But after all, that kid is a genius. With the Mind Sword, he ignored the illusions and forcibly broke the illusory formation … If Luo Zheng can't break it, I'm afraid he won't be able to go up the mountain."
But Guchen had previously promised that even if Luo Zheng was trapped in the second level of difficulty, he would personally send him up the mountain.
After all, what they were doing now was indeed making things difficult for Luo Zheng.
Bang, bang, bang …
More and more flying swords hung on Luo Zheng's body.
Not long after, there were more than a hundred …
With such a powerful Shen Jun Force, even if they were only hanging on his body, Luo Zheng's body was still somewhat unable to bear.
Under the enormous force, his bones creaked.
"This kind of illusory formation can't be broken by ordinary means. Since it's like this …"
His eyebrows rose slightly. The Mind's Eye in the world within his body trembled slightly. His right eye suddenly released a pale white light.
The world within his right eye had already changed shape.
Those flying swords were no longer flying swords, but talismans that fluttered towards him. The instant these talismans approached him, they suddenly burst into flames, turning into a cloud of dust. Then, without anyone noticing, they stuck to his back.
But in Luo Zheng's eyes, the talismans stuck to his back had become heavy weights.
"I see …"
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth rose slightly. He reached out his hand and lifted the talismans on his back one by one.
Bang, bang …
Bursts of white smoke exploded. The talismans quickly burned and turned into ashes.
As for the "weights" that Luo Zheng saw in his left eye, they naturally disappeared one by one.
After the weights disappeared, Luo Zheng immediately felt relaxed. He gently stretched his body. His entire body once again turned into a streak of light, speeding along the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path.
Luo Zheng saw the real world with one eye. Talismans were floating towards him. With the other eye, he saw an illusory formation, and flying swords were shooting towards him.
"Break for me!"
A snowy long sword gently pointed out, turning into a series of fine sword rays.
These sword rays tumbled, touching the talismans and instantly twisting them into pieces …
This illusory formation had almost no effect on Luo Zheng. Therefore, the second level of difficulty was easier for Luo Zheng than the third level of difficulty. He climbed the mountain like this as if he was walking on flat ground.
"Speed, Luo Zheng's speed …"
In the Cloud Mountain Palace, Guchen and Wen Si were both dumbfounded.
From the time Guchen activated the second level of difficulty to the time Luo Zheng escaped with his recovery speed, it took less than the time it took for two incense sticks to burn.
The Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation did not trouble him at all!
There was an essential difference between the Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation and the Cloud Mountain Refinement Formation.
The Cloud Mountain Refinement Formation was only used for assessment, but the Heavenly Stem Illusory Formation was used to defend against enemies!
Since the establishment of the Heavenly Palace, very few people had broken the illusory formation with their own strength. Not to mention a guy like Luo Zheng who was only at the first layer of Heaven.
"How did he do it?"
"Could it be that Luo Zheng can also use his mind to control swords?"
However, the two of them could only probe through the formation plate. They did not know how Luo Zheng did it.
"Should we … adjust it to the first level of difficulty?" Wen Si could not hold back and asked.
Guchen hurriedly shook his head, as if he was afraid that he would not be able to resist Wen Si's temptation. He covered the formation plate. "The first level of difficulty may cause death. With Luo Zheng's performance, if something happens to him on the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path, I'm afraid Lord Qiu will kill me. Brother Wen Si, don't waste my time!"
"I'm just giving a suggestion." Wen Si shrugged and smiled.

Chapter 2784
Treatment
After coming out of the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road, a mountain gate appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Seeing this mountain gate, Luo Zheng was somewhat astonished.
This mountain gate was made up of two weather-beaten pieces of wood, with a plaque covered in cracks hanging from them.
It had been in disrepair for a long time, and the words on the plaque had already disappeared, hanging there bare …
Who would have thought that the gate of the dignified Greater One Heavenly Palace would be so dilapidated.
Luo Zheng passed through the plaque and continued forward. The mountain road branched into three paths.
These three paths were neatly paved with stone bricks.
What was strange was that the bricks on these five paths were all different …
The path on the left was made of wide and thick blue stone bricks. The stone bricks were covered with carvings of mountains and rivers, giving off a majestic feeling.
The path on the right was made of black stone bricks. It was unknown what these bricks were made of, but they were very solid and exuded an ancient aura.
The path in the middle was made of fine red stones. It was brisk and agile, faintly containing a sharp intent.
But looking at the path in front of him, Luo Zheng was somewhat hesitant.
Didn't they say that once he went up the mountain, there would naturally be someone to welcome him? Why didn't he see a single person?
Looking at the three paths and pondering for a while, Luo Zheng had an answer in his heart.
The test of going up the mountain was not over …
These three paths should be a choice, a choice that did not give him any hints.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng made his choice. He chose the red stone brick path.
After going up this path, Luo Zheng walked up the steps and jogged all the way.
After walking for more than twenty li on this path, he arrived at a mountain ridge. After crossing this ridge, another plaque appeared in front of him.
The plaque was impressively engraved with the words "Heart Flow Sword Sect".
Seeing this plaque, Luo Zheng's eyebrows unconsciously raised.
His choice was indeed not wrong …
After fighting with Situ Xiu, Luo Zheng also developed a trace of interest in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Some of the aura of the Heart Flow Sword Sect was extremely similar to the Emotion Severing Divine Dao that Luo Zheng cultivated. This was indeed a path that suited him.
He stood under the plaque for a while. Behind the plaque, two women in white leisurely walked over.
One of the women in white clasped her hands towards Luo Zheng, "Sir, are you Luo Zheng gongzi Luo?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, "That's right.
"If gongzi Luo gongzi chooses the Heart Flow Sword Sect, you can come with us. But now, you still have a chance to change your mind and choose one of the other two paths," the woman in white said.
"The other two paths are …"
"The one on the left is the Murdering Sword Sect, and the one on the right is the Absolute Formation Sword Sect," the woman in white said.
The three forks in the road were just for those ascending the mountain to consider as they pleased. However, if they really didn't like it, they could still turn back.
Two Luo Zheng Sword Sect, Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng Luo Zheng Of Of Sword sect.
"What's the difference between the three sword sects?" Luo Zheng asked.
This was not the first time the white-robed woman was faced with this question. Her pretty face had a slight smile as she said, "The Murdering Sword Sect mainly cultivates the sword of slaughter. They pursue the strongest method to injure the enemy in order to quickly exterminate the foreign races. The Absolute Formation Sword Sect mainly cultivates the sword array …"
"What about the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"As you wish." The white-clothed woman's answer was very simple.
Luo Zheng had dabbled in both sword formations and slaughter before. But after hearing the woman's answer, Luo Zheng did not hesitate and walked past the plaque.
The two women in white led the way. On both sides of the path were rows of straight trees. It was silent all around. There was not a single person in sight.
"There don't seem to be many people from the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There are quite a few, but everyone is focused on cultivation. Gongzi naturally cannot see anyone," the woman in white replied.
Luo Zheng nodded and quietly followed behind the two women in white.
The path was ten li long. After crossing the path, there were many courtyards in the shape of a well. These courtyards were connected to each other and densely packed together, forming an exquisite little city.
It seemed that there were indeed many people from the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
The distance between these courtyards was only about the width of a person. The two women led Luo Zheng through the narrow alleys. Along the way, Luo Zheng also saw a few other women in white. Most of them were pretty and beautiful, and their clothes were plain and clean.
But Luo Zheng found it strange that apart from these women, there was no one else …
"Gongzi Luo, we've arrived." One of the women in white arrived at the entrance of a courtyard. She turned and bowed slightly to Luo Zheng.
"This place …" Luo Zheng was somewhat surprised.
"This is Gongzi Luo's courtyard," the woman in white said.
Surprised, Luo Zheng pushed open the door to the courtyard.
There was a long table in the courtyard. On the table were neatly folded white clothes, a sword, a token, and even shoes and hats.
Luo Zheng glanced at the token and saw his name engraved on it. He smiled and said, "The Heart Flow Sword Sect is so well-prepared. If I don't choose, won't all of this be wasted?"
"That is Gongzi Luo's choice." The woman in white smiled faintly.
Luo Zheng looked along the table, and he noticed that there were two spatial rings on the table. Luo Zheng picked up the first spatial ring, and when he inspected it, he discovered that there were actually a million Divine Crystals inside.
He looked at the second Sumeru Ring. There were ten golden square tokens in it. He took out a square token and asked, "This is …"
"The entrance token of the Heart Flow Tower. One entrance token will be used every two hours in the Heart Flow Tower. This item is very rare in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Gongzi must take good care of it," the woman in white said.
The long sword on the table was not of a low grade. It was a second-rate Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure. There were a million Divine Crystals in the ring, but the two women in white did not seem to care about it. They did not even take the initiative to introduce it.
The only thing they emphasized was the entrance token. It seemed that this item was indeed very important.
"The Heart Flow Sword Sect is very generous. Does everyone who joins the sect get such treatment?" Luo Zheng asked.
The woman in white smiled faintly. "Those who can climb the mountain are considered members of the Heavenly Palace. This treatment is just a small gift …"
Looking at this exquisite courtyard, Luo Zheng felt a little emotional.
It turned out that the difference between the foot of the mountain and the top was so great.
One must know that regardless of whether it was the Banner Lord or the Alliance Lord, they did not even have a cave residence, let alone a courtyard like this. There was only a bare flag. Everyone cultivated with the earth as their seat and the sky as their blanket. It was extremely simple.
"Gongzi Luo must be tired from climbing the mountain. I can help you bathe and change your clothes." The woman in white said and walked to the side of the courtyard.
The other woman in white went to tidy up the clothes, shoes, and hats on the table …
Luo Zheng was stunned. He looked at the two women in white and asked curiously, "You don't have to do these things, do you?"

Chapter 2785
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
An Essay on Leisure
Luo Zheng was taken aback when he heard the woman in white call herself a maid. "Ya, maid?"
The woman in white smiled and nodded. "Yes, Gongzi Luo can call me Xiaoyin."
"I am Xiao Xin," the other woman in white also introduced herself.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I want to ask, why are you maids?"
"This courtyard was given to Gongzi Luo by the Sword Sect. Everything in the courtyard naturally belongs to Gongzi Luo, and so do we," Xiaoyin said, blinking her eyes.
"Are the other disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect the same?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right." Xiaoyin nodded with certainty.
Luo Zheng had not encountered any other disciples on the way to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, but he had encountered many women in white like Xiaoyin and Xiao Xin.
He had been a little curious at the time, but now he realized that these people were the maids of the Heart Flow Sword Sect disciples.
"Can I not?" Luo Zheng asked.
Since the Heart Flow Sword Sect had given him such a large courtyard, Luo Zheng could even invite Ning Yudie and the others to come out. He himself did not need anyone to take care of him.
Xiaoyin looked a little disappointed. "The news from the Sword Sect has been passed on, and there are many things that we need to do. If Gongzi Luo does not need us, I'm afraid it will be difficult for you to adapt here …"
"Besides, this is our duty. If Gongzi Luo does not need us, Xiaoyin and I will have to go down the mountain," Xiao Xin said.
Luo Zheng's heart softened when he saw the two women's dejected expressions.
It was his first time here and he was not used to it. Also, as Xiaoyin had said, since everyone here had maids to take care of them, there was a reason for that.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. It would be unsatisfactory if he drove them away.
"In that case, you can stay. As for bathing, you don't have to." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Xiaoyin and Xiao Xin looked at each other with a hint of joy and nodded.
Therefore, Luo Zheng tidied up his white clothes, shoes, and hat, and walked towards the inner part of the building.
After Luo Zheng left, Little Xin blinked her eyes and said in a low voice: "Sister Little Xin, this Young Master Luo's cultivation seems to be a bit low. The Young Masters that other sisters usually serve seem to be more powerful than him …"
Xiaoyin shook her head. "The Heart Flow Sword Sect doesn't care about strength, but potential. Didn't you hear that Mr. Mo was only at the First Heaven when he came up the mountain? Didn't he soar later?"
"Xiaoyin, are you saying that Young Master Luo is the same as Young Master Mo?" Xiao Xin asked.
In the Heart Flow Sword Sect, Mo Yijian was very famous. Little Xin had heard of him before.
"Of course not." Xiaoyin shook her head. "There are only a few geniuses like Sir Mo in the entire Heavenly Palace. How many people can compare to him? But I think Young Master Luo shouldn't be too bad … "
"Then do you think Young Master Luo will let us serve him in bed?" Xiao Xin asked again.
Xiao Yin blushed slightly when she was asked this question, and she only said, "Xiao Xin, what are you saying …"
These maids were all selected from the Central Divine Province by the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Their cultivation wasn't low either, basically at the True Immortal Realm.
Every time someone joined the Heart Flow Sword Sect, these maids would be assigned to the new disciples.
If the disciples they served performed well, they would be rewarded by the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Some of the maids would even develop feelings for the disciples during their service. They could even become Daoist companions, which was considered climbing up the social ladder.
In the room, steam rose from a large vat and a strong medicinal smell spread out.
"Do as you wish … no taboos … What a Heart Flow Sword Sect." Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
This Heart Flow Sword Sect was far more strange than Luo Zheng had imagined.
No one preached or guided them. They only provided these things to show their sincerity.
Luo Zheng would have to find out the reason bit by bit …
Bathing and changing clothes.
Luo Zheng, who had changed into a white robe, seemed to have changed his appearance. He looked even more upright and bright.
After leaving the bathroom, the two maids came up to him again.
Xiaoyin said, "If Young Master Luo is tired, I'll go take care of the tent. It's only noon now, so it's time for lunch …"
"Cough cough cough …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng almost choked.
He was just trying to get used to this place, but the atmosphere here was far beyond his imagination!
Not to mention his current cultivation, even warriors who were full of energy every day didn't need to take lunch breaks, right?
Was this a place for cultivation, or was it a place for a vacation?
"Are the others like this too?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xiaoyin nodded with a smile. "Yes."
She had expected Luo Zheng to react this way.
In fact, every Nirvana Realm cultivator who entered here had the same reaction as Luo Zheng …
"They don't need to cultivate?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"For the Heart Flow Sword Sect, this is cultivation," Xiaoyin answered seriously.
"Okay, I'll see what kind of tricks this is …" Luo Zheng said.
According to Luo Zheng's original plan, he should have started cultivating.
He should have either studied the sword pattern or entered the Nirvana Realm, but he did neither.
Just like a loafer at home, he walked around the small courtyard. When it was time for lunch and night, he would go to sleep alone.
Of course, he didn't need to sleep. Even lying down was meditation.
If it was during the day, he would have just stepped over the threshold and walked around the alleys of these courtyards. The only people he met were the women in white who shuttled back and forth.
Luo Zheng wanted to find a disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect to ask, but one day, two days, a week had passed, and he hadn't met a single one!
Were these guys all in seclusion? Or was he the only one in the entire Heart Flow Sword Sect?
As time went by, he became more and more puzzled.
Therefore, Luo Zheng decided to knock on the doors of other courtyards and go in to ask. However, when he walked to the door, the women in white closed the door as if they were guarding against a thief …
Of course, he couldn't knock on the door with his outstretched hand.
Shaking his head, Luo Zheng could only walk back through the alleys.
Along the way, he could hear the laughter and whispers of women in the courtyard. He didn't need to look to know what was going on in the courtyard.
"Whew … What the hell is this place?!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that this place was even more dangerous than the dangerous places he had been to!
He curled his lips and went back.
Luo Zheng couldn't waste this good time. He even missed the days in Dragon City.
Since no one was paying attention to him, he found a quiet room in his courtyard and set up a restriction array. He started to study the sword pattern art in seclusion.
After cultivating like this for half a month, Luo Zheng came out and gave a Sumeru Ring to Xiaoyin. He asked Xiaoyin to give it to Yin Yuehuan in Dragon City.
The Sumeru Ring was filled with Sword Comprehension Liquid. Before coming up the mountain, Luo Zheng had agreed that Yin Yuehuan would take 30% of the profits from the Sword Comprehension Liquid. The other 70% would be given to Luo Zheng and would be replenished once a month.
Xiaoyin was very responsible. It only took a day for her to bring back the Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng counted it. There were nearly 20 million divine crystals in it.
"Young Master Luo, what's in the Sumeru Ring? It seems so mysterious …" Xiaoyin asked.
"Just some ordinary things." Luo Zheng shrugged. He naturally wouldn't tell her about the Sword Comprehension Liquid.

Chapter 2786
A Strange Evaluation
Luo Zheng's mind was shaken by the sound of the bell.
It's finally here …
If this continued, he might have to return to Dragon City!
"That bell, is it summoning the disciples?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xiaoyin saw Luo Zheng's hopeful expression and pursed her lips. "Gongzi Luo, that's just the sound of the bell at the beginning of the month. It's rung once a month …"
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There's nothing else. It's just to remind everyone that a new month has arrived," Xiaoyin replied.
"… …"
Luo Zheng did not say a word and silently closed the door.
Then, Xiao Yin clicked her tongue and looked at Xiao Xin. Both of them shrugged their shoulders.
After avoiding Luo Zheng, Little Xin said, "It seems that Gongzi Luo is also an impatient person …"
Xiaoyin shook her head. "According to them, Gongzi Luo won't be able to achieve much in the Heart Flow Sword Sect."
"No matter what, I think that Gongzi Luo is quite good. He treats others with courtesy and restrains himself," Little Xin said.
Despite Little Xin's words, Xiaoyin's expression was still grave.
She had been willing to become a servant girl in the Heart Flow Sword Sect because she had a few things to take care of. She was more utilitarian than cautious. If Luo Zheng's performance was extremely poor, Xiaoyin would naturally be disappointed.
But she had no right to choose who to serve, so she could only hide her disappointment in her heart.
When night fell …
The small doors to the courtyards opened one after another.
A white-clothed woman walked out of each courtyard and walked through the alleyways.
The moment Xiao Yin stepped out of the door, Luo Zheng had already sensed it.
His eyes flickered slightly. Then, he released a wisp of divine sense and followed behind Xiao Yin.
Xiaoyin and the other women silently gathered in one direction. The moment Xiaoyin left the alleyway, Luo Zheng felt a vast power sweep over him and annihilate his Divine Sense.
These white-robed women quickly gathered in a palace.
Inside the palace, there were five golden round bamboo tubes, and all the white-clothed women were standing in front of these round bamboo tubes.
Not long after, several women walked into the palace.
The leader was a beautiful woman. She smiled at the girls and said, "A month has passed. Have you girls been serving your young masters?"
Such mocking words were not serious at all. However, the Heart Flow Sword Sect did not know any manners and did not have any taboos.
The white-clothed women also burst into laughter.
"My family's Young Master is amazing. He's always, always …" A woman in white said.
"Always what?" The beautiful woman asked.
"It's always been like this …" the woman in white replied embarrassedly.
Another round of bell-like laughter followed.
Then, the beautiful woman asked about what her young master had been doing during this period of time, how many times he had bathed, how many times he had been under the bed, and so on.
However, he didn't ask about cultivation.
According to the answers of the women in white, the seductive woman placed a tag with a name on it into the round bamboo tube.
The five bamboo tubes were divided into Top, Top, Middle, Bottom, and Bottom.
Depending on the answer, the bamboo tubes would be different.
For four to six hours, the seductive woman had been asking questions. She had also placed a large number of tags into the bamboo tubes.
Only a very small number of people had placed their tags into the Top, Top, and Top. Most people had placed theirs into the Top …
If the name of their young master was placed into the Top, the white-clothed women would be overjoyed. If the name of their young master was placed into the Top or Bottom, they wouldn't be so happy.
Their young master's performance every month directly determined their salaries, and the difference was very big.
If it was the Bottom or Bottom, they would basically have nothing. Fortunately, after so long, no tags were placed into the Top or Bottom.
"Loraine, your young master is a new disciple. How is he doing?" The seductive woman looked at the white-clothed woman beside Xiaoyin.
Loraine answered honestly, "My young master has been on the mountain for more than 20 days. Every day, he plays the zither, paints, and sings poems with us. He's very talented and has a very good temperament …"
After hearing Loraine's answer, the seductive woman tossed her tag into the Top.
Then she looked at Xiaoyin. "Xiaoyin, you've been serving the young master for a month."
The white-clothed women all looked at Xiaoyin. Xiaoyin's expression became unnatural. She stammered, "My young master … set up a barrier on the seventh day and cultivated by himself. Of course, I couldn't see it …"
After Xiaoyin's report, the other white-clothed women laughed again.
"Xiaoyin, did he choose a path?"
"Heart Flow Sword Sect isn't suitable for him to cultivate …"
"Someone like him will be kicked out, right?"
Xiaoyin gritted her teeth and continued to report with a frown. The more she said, the louder the laughter became.
These white-clothed women were all proud of their young masters. If they were blessed, they would treat it as an honor. They didn't have the restraint of ordinary women.
After the flirtatious woman finished listening to Xiao Yin's report, a tag appeared in her hand. The tag just happened to have the two words "Luo Zheng" on it. Then, without hesitation, she threw the tag into the pot. This was the only tag that was thrown into the pot.
At the same time, the seductive woman's casual smile disappeared. She stared at Xiaoyin and said, "The young masters of Heart Flow Sword Sect are the ones who can do whatever they want, not you. If your young master can't get rid of his obsession with cultivation, you should be punished too! I don't want this person to be tossed into the Top next time! "
Looking at the tag on the Top, Xiaoyin's face turned pale. She clenched her fists.
The gazes that were directed at her from all directions were like sharp swords, causing her cheeks to feel like they were on fire.
"Disperse." The seductive woman ordered someone to put away the Top and left with her people.
The white-clothed women also dispersed …
When the women gathered together, there would always be a lot of gossip and discussion.
Walking alone in the crowd, Xiao Yin felt that her head was heavy and her feet light.
Occasionally, someone would call out to Xiaoyin and say, "Xiaoyin, it's a good thing there's no exam this month. There's a problem with the Heart Flow Tower. After the Heart Flow Tower is repaired, you have to be careful. If your young master is expelled from Heart Flow Sword Sect, we will also be expelled …"
These women's words sounded like they were concerned, but they were actually mocking her.
"Yes, I understand …"
Xiaoyin replied, but she felt even more depressed.
When she returned to Luo Zheng's courtyard and met with Xiaoyin, Xiaoyin had already guessed the result.
"Middle?"
"Bottom?"
"It can't be bottom, right?"
Xiaoyin looked like she had fainted. After a while, she said with a worried expression, "Then what should we do …"
"We have to think of a way." Xiaoyin's expression became serious.
"What way?" Xiaoyin asked.

Chapter 2787
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sword Pattern
Xiaoyin knew that these people who could reach the Nirvana Realm were all strong-willed.
People like Luo Zheng might not be suitable for the Heart Flow Sword Sect …
In the past, there were people like Luo Zheng who chose the wrong path. Before long, Luo Zheng would be expelled.
However, Luo Zheng's expulsion did not mean that there was no way out. He could still choose the Murdering Sword Sect or the Peerless Sword Sect.
However, Xiaoyin and Xin, who served him, would not have the chance to stay in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. They would be expelled from the sect.
If it were other maids, they might have accepted their fate. However, Xin could not make a decision. She just opened her eyes wide and said, "What should we do about Lord Luo's cultivation … If he sets up a barrier, we might not even be able to enter …"
"Just think of a way," Xiaoyin said.
The next day.
Late in the morning.
In a room on the top floor of the courtyard.
Luo Zheng placed a block of wood, a block of stone, and a long sword in front of him.
"Everything in the world has patterns …"
"You can't see it because you don't look closely enough."
"In theory, if you master the sword pattern, you can even find the patterns of the entire mother world and cut it open, destroying the mother world …"
"This …"
These days, Luo Zheng had studied the sword pattern and gradually became familiar with it.
However, when he read the afterword of the sword pattern, Luo Zheng was still quite surprised. Cutting open the mother world with one sword was too much of a boast.
"Scatter the Qi of Trueness, hold your breath and observe …"
Luo Zheng released the Qi of Trueness at will. This invisible Qi quietly spread around him.
When the Qi of Trueness spread to a certain extent, he followed the method in the sword pattern and directed the scattered Qi toward the block of wood in front of him.
Then he stared at the block of wood with his eyes wide open.
Soon, a pattern appeared on the surface of the block of wood.
"If I follow the pattern, I can destroy it?"
Luo Zheng took out a long sword and slashed toward the pattern on the surface of the block of wood.
Swoosh!
In the blink of an eye, the block of wood was cut in half by Luo Zheng.
Looking at the block of wood that was cut in half, Luo Zheng curled his lips …
With his strength, not to mention using a sword, even if he used a soul attack, he could easily cut this square piece of wood in half.
The sword Art was full of tricks … This was the result. Luo Zheng felt like he had been fooled.
However, not long after Fang Mu landed on the ground, countless broken patterns suddenly appeared on the surface of the two halves of Fang Mu.
Crack … crack Crack Crack Crack …
The entire block of wood shattered into a pile of powder. It had been completely destroyed.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was was was was?? Translation. Was Was Was Was That? Was Was Translation Translation Could Could Translation Translation Translation Translation Was Was Translation Translation Translation Translation Translation translation
Translation Translation His Translation Translation, Were Translation,, Was Was Was Was Translation.
Was Was Was Translation??? Was once Was was was was?? Was Was Was Was?!? Was Was?? was? Was???? Was?? Was?????? Was????? "
This time, Luo Zheng threw the long sword aside and poked the dot with his finger.
His strength was light. At least, it was not enough to destroy the stone.
However, just as Luo Zheng poked the dot, he heard a crisp crack. The entire block of stone crumbled from the inside out, turning into a pile of stone powder!
"Sure enough!"
Luo Zheng was even more excited. He could not wait to look at the last item.
This long sword was from the Realm of the Gods. Although it was not as good as a third-grade Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure, its quality was not bad.
This time, Luo Zheng used the same method to look at it. He could vaguely feel the aura flowing on it, but he could not see the pattern.
The sword Art was a special supreme sword manual. It was difficult to master it quickly on the first time he came into contact with it.
He kept his eyes wide open and continued to look at it. At the same time, he kept urging his True Intent aura. He could vaguely distinguish the pattern, but the pattern was erratic and unpredictable.
"With the naked eye … it is indeed difficult to capture the sword pattern …"
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng gave up on the sword Art in the beginning. The sword Art was indeed amazing. However, under the same cultivation level, it was impossible to see through the sword pattern on the opponent's body. It was equivalent to wasting one's magical power. It could only be used to deal with ordinary objects. At that time, the sword Art would not be useful.
However, Luo Zheng chose the sword Art for the second time because he had something to rely on, and that was the Mind's Eye.
He raised his right eyebrow suddenly, and a white light spread out from his pupils.
The world in front of him had turned into another image. In this image, he could see every detail clearly.
The sword pattern, which was originally blurry, became very clear!
"The middle part of the sword …"
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently slashed at the long sword's body.
Similarly, he did not use much strength. With a crack, the long sword broke in the middle. The body of the sword turned into metal powder in an instant, and the sword hilt turned into a pile of wood chips.
"Phew …"
Luo Zheng could imagine what would happen if that gentle slash landed on a living creature.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to continue consolidating, a thunderous sound came from the enchantment he had set up. With a crisp crack, a figure was bounced out. At the same time, he heard a woman's miserable scream.
Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He waved his hand and removed the enchantment. Then, he saw Xiaoyin lying on the ground.
"Didn't I say that you are not allowed to barge into my room?" Luo Zheng said with a frown.
Fortunately, this enchantment was not very strong. Xiaoyin was bounced out, but she was slightly injured. She put on a thin layer of makeup and deliberately lowered her skirt. Her slender and tender legs were exposed. She looked weak and pitiful.
However, Luo Zheng did not give her a second glance. He reached out and flicked his finger. A wisp of green light enveloped her. The Dao of the Divine Dao of Life healed her.
Just as Luo Zheng turned around, Xiaoyin said, "I thought that Young Master Luo would need some nourishment for his daily cultivation. Therefore, I made soup for Young Master Luo … It seems that I have to get another pot."
The pot of soup had been knocked over and was emitting fragrant steam.
Looking at the pot of soup, Luo Zheng just shook his head. "I have been fasting for many years. You don't have to worry about it."
"But …"
Xiaoyin was about to speak again, but Luo Zheng had already returned to the room. With a gentle wave of his finger, another enchantment enveloped the room.
She clenched her teeth and retreated resentfully.
"Sister Xiaoyin, how is it …" Seeing Xiaoyin's appearance, Little Xin had already guessed the answer. However, she could not help but ask.
"What an unreasonable guy. Unfortunately, we can't tell him …" Xiaoyin curled her lips.
This was the rule of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. These maids could not speak of the secret of the Heart Flow Pagoda.
"Once the Heart Flow Pagoda is repaired, Young Master Luo will not be able to pass through it. I'm afraid he will be driven away immediately. We only have one month," Little Xin said dejectedly.
"I won't give up!" Xiaoyin said seriously.
In the next few days, Xiaoyin did her best.
One day, Little Xin was proficient in music. She brought a guzheng over and played it on the second floor of the courtyard. Luo Zheng cast a Silent Enchantment to isolate the sound.
Another day, taking advantage of Luo Zheng coming out of his closed-door training, Xiao Yin took the initiative to ask Luo Zheng about her painting. She asked Luo Zheng to comment on it, but Luo Zheng flatly refused with the reason that he was not proficient.
Another day …

Chapter 2788
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Heart Flow Tower
Xiaoyin was someone who wouldn't give up until she got what she wanted, but she couldn't do anything to the stubborn Luo Zheng.
A few days later, Xiaoyin finally despaired when she heard that the Heart Flow Tower had been repaired.
On the first day of the month, the Heart Flow Sword Sect's bell rang again.
Luo Zheng didn't seem to care about the bell at all.
Since the Heart Flow Sword Sect was so strange, Luo Zheng could just treat this courtyard as a cave residence.
He would continue cultivating after he mastered the sword pattern technique. After all, he wasn't in a hurry.
That night, it was the assessment time for the women in white.
Xiaoyin went to the palace with the other women again.
Just like the last time, after being questioned, Xiao Yin answered honestly. Then, she recorded Luo Zheng's name on the label and threw it into the cylinder again.
"The Heart Flow Tower has been repaired. Tomorrow, the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect will go to the Heart Flow Tower to train. You should leave the sect on your own when this person leaves." The beautiful woman didn't look at Xiaoyin kindly anymore.
The other white-clothed women were also looking at Xiao Yin with pitiful expressions.
Being expelled from the Heart Flow Sword Sect was probably the greatest humiliation for these women in white.
Xiaoyin returned to the courtyard with a look of despair.
Naturally, Xiao Xin had expected this outcome. She had also made plans to leave.
"Go tell Master Luo that the Heart Flow Tower has been opened." Xiaoyin looked lonely.
"It's better if Sister Xiaoyin says it herself …" Xiao Xin said.
"I … don't want to talk to him!" Xiaoyin's eyes were filled with hatred.
Xiao Xin sighed helplessly and went upstairs to pass the news to Luo Zheng.
"Heart Flow Tower …"
Luo Zheng didn't think that he would stay like this after joining the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Otherwise, why would the Heart Flow Sword Sect give out those entry tokens?
But Luo Zheng couldn't figure out the Heart Flow Sword Sect's carefree way of thinking.
The next day, Xiaoyin was nowhere to be seen.
"Gongzi Luo, please come with me." Xiao Xin bowed slightly in front of Luo Zheng.
Xiaoyin felt gloomy and shut herself in her room. She could only rely on Xiao Xin to guide her.
Luo Zheng was led out of the door by Xiao Xin. At this time, Luo Zheng saw other doors opening one after another.
The women in white led the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect through the alleys.
The cultivation of these disciples wasn't weak. Almost all of them were around the sixth level of the Nirvana Realm. They glanced at Luo Zheng intentionally or unintentionally with faint disdain between their brows.
Those women in white recognized Little Xin and naturally understood that Luo Zheng was Xiaoyin and Little Xin's servant. Some of the women in white stuck close to their young masters' ears and whispered.
"That Young Master Luo Zheng has been playing for two consecutive months!"
"In the past, he would be kicked out of the Heart Flow Pagoda the next day. This time, the Heart Flow Pagoda was damaged and he has been playing for two months. This is unprecedented …"
"What a pity. Xiaoyin worked so hard, but she still has to face the fate of being kicked out."
Although the women in white spoke very softly, Luo Zheng still heard them.
Luo Zheng didn't care about those mocking words. He asked Little Xin, "I seem to have brought you trouble?"
Little Xin was very sure in her heart, but she still shook her head and said, "This is your own choice. As maids, we can't interfere."
Luo Zheng felt that Little Xin didn't mean what she said. He just smiled and said, "I won't disappoint you."
"As if …" Little Xin retorted in her heart.
They followed the crowd and left the courtyard. After passing through several palaces, a tall pagoda appeared in front of them.
This pagoda was shaped like a gourd with a total of 19 floors. There was a door on the surface of each gourd.
Around the pagoda, there were a dozen independent courtyards. These courtyards were the same as the one Luo Zheng lived in, but they were built around the Heart Flow Pagoda. It was unknown who built them.
As Luo Zheng approached, he felt a strange feeling coming from the quaint Heart Flow Pagoda.
His originally calm state of mind seemed to have been disturbed, and he felt somewhat restless.
Luo Zheng originally thought that the others were like this, but the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were either chatting and laughing wittily or looking normal. They didn't seem to be affected by the Heart Flow Pagoda.
Little Xin sighed in her heart when she saw Luo Zheng's behavior.
Since these disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect had the strength to go up the mountain, they weren't true good-for-nothings.
The backlash of the Heart Flow Pagoda's obsession was very terrifying …
Before entering the pagoda, they had to completely release their inner desires.
Greed, Obsession, Caution, Lust, Acceptance, Enjoyment, Action, Knowledge …
Everything had to be satisfied as much as possible.
Of course, this kind of satisfaction wasn't absolute.
For example, some people dreamed of getting a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure, but they couldn't have so many Divine Gems, so they naturally couldn't be satisfied. Of course, the Heart Flow Sword Sect wouldn't really find a first-rate Nirvana Realm treasure as a gift. This was unrealistic.
He had given her a courtyard and two maidservants. That was all she had.
The more satisfied they were, the more they could suppress their obsessions to the minimum. For the Heart Flow Sword Sect, this was an alternative way of cultivation.
When the disciples gathered, Luo Zheng's gaze was also looking around.
He was looking for Mo Yijian.
This person was in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, so he would meet him sooner or later.
After searching for a while, he didn't see him.
But Luo Zheng seemed to be possessed, and he had to find him …
If it was the Luo Zheng of the past, he wouldn't be so anxious to find Mo Yijian, even though he cared a lot about him.
After searching for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly realized something, and he frowned quietly. This tower had quietly affected his thoughts!
"I'm afraid I've underestimated the Heart Flow Tower," Luo Zheng thought.
At this time, a dozen people flew out of the courtyard and landed in front of the Heart Flow Tower.
The coquettish woman waved her hand, and someone placed a row of golden cylinders in front of her. "Every disciple who enters the Heart Flow Sword Sect will only get ten entrance tokens in a year, and they can stay in the Heart Flow Tower for 20 hours. So every opportunity to enter the Heart Flow Tower is extremely rare, and I hope you cherish it!"
"Those who enter the Heart Flow Tower for the first time and can't pass the second floor will be expelled from the Heart Flow Sword Sect immediately, and their entrance tokens will be divided among the others. If someone can climb to the seventh floor, another courtyard will be sealed, and an additional 100 entrance tokens will be given every year."
The coquettish woman's words were naturally targeted at newcomers like Luo Zheng.
The independent courtyards behind the Heart Flow Tower were prepared for the elite disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
After she finished speaking, she pulled out a tag from the golden cylinder and shouted, "Zhu Chaoyun, you can enter the tower."
Hearing the coquettish woman call his name, a pale-faced young man stretched and walked leisurely towards the Heart Flow Tower.
Then the coquettish woman pulled out another person's tag from the golden cylinder and called his name. That person also entered the Heart Flow Tower.

Chapter 2789
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Last Person
The time spent in the Heart Flow Pagoda was calculated by hours.
Every hour was very precious, and the people who entered the pagoda would seize every second.
Therefore, regardless of whether these people tried to reach the higher levels of the Heart Flow Pagoda or not, they would stay in the pagoda for a full hour. After all, these people could only stay in the pagoda for twenty hours each year.
While everyone was waiting, Xiaoyin also came over.
Although she knew that there was no hope, she couldn't give up until she saw it with her own eyes.
Soon, she found Luo Zheng and Little Xin in the crowd. "Young Master Luo is the last one to enter the pagoda. Sigh …"
After those people entered the Heart Flow Pagoda, golden spots of light appeared on the rough surface of the first floor.
These spots of light paused on the first floor for a while before climbing up to the second floor in the blink of an eye.
"So fast … These young masters are the most outstanding. Unfortunately, I don't have the luck." Xiaoyin sighed as she stared at the golden spots of light.
These golden spots of light could accurately mark the position of each person.
The first batch of people to enter were all from the top. They were well-prepared and were naturally like fish in water.
The beautiful woman looked at the movement of the spots of light with satisfaction.
"The Heart Flow Pagoda has been closed for two months, and the disciples have made great progress. I wonder if anyone can pass the seventh floor?" someone beside the beautiful woman asked.
"Zhu Chaoyun's limit last time was the sixth floor. If he can reach the seventh floor, he'll be qualified to move," another person said with a smile.
They were also looking forward to someone moving into those independent courtyards, but in the past year, no one from the Heart Flow Sword Sect had obtained this qualification.
The golden spots of light kept jumping on the surface of the Heart Flow Pagoda. In a dozen breaths of time, seven or eight spots of light had jumped to the third floor.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the 10 specks of light stopped at the fifth level.
"The fifth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda is very important."
"Our young master is accumulating strength on this floor. Maybe he can reach the seventh floor in one go!"
"You're dreaming. I think it'll be difficult this time!"
The ten maids of the Heart Flow Sword Sect disciples looked very nervous.
If their young master reached the seventh floor, their treatment would change dramatically, and their status in the Heart Flow Sword Sect would rise accordingly.
It could be said that all the maids shared the same joys and sorrows with their young masters. They might not be of much help in the Heart Flow Pagoda, but they were very helpful in other aspects.
The ten golden dots of light stayed on the fifth level for another incense stick's worth of time. Then, they began to become active!
After all, they were separated, they could not see their young Master jumping up and down Down Flow Pagoda ….
Not long after, a spot of light reached the sixth floor.
"It must be our Young Master Zhu!" A woman in white with two ponytails exclaimed in surprise.
When the other white-robed women saw the specks of light, they all revealed looks of jealousy.
Zhu Chaoyun should be the most outstanding one among these people, and he was also the most likely to reach the seventh floor. Two months ago, Zhu Chaoyun was just a little bit short of reaching the seventh floor, so he regretfully left the Heart Flow Tower. This time, the possibility of reaching the seventh floor was indeed very high.
As for the other nine golden light spots, they were still struggling on the fifth floor. From the looks of it, it would be very difficult for them to reach the sixth floor.
The two hours were almost up.
The maids in the Heart Heart Translation Pagoda were getting more and more nervous. Success or failure would depend on this. The golden spot of light on the sixth floor suddenly rushed up.
Buzz ….
Under everyone's gaze, the golden spot of light really reached the seventh floor.
Most people who reached a certain floor would try to consolidate their strength if they had time. After all, time in the Heart Flow Pagoda was too precious.
However, this person would not be able to withstand the pressure of the seventh floor. The moment he reached the seventh floor, he broke through the door and flew out.
"Young Master Zhu, our Young Master Zhu …" The maids in the Heart Heart Translation Pagoda shouted excitedly, but she suddenly stopped.
The person who walked out of the Heart Flow Pagoda was not Zhu Chaoyun, but Li Can ….
The maids in the Heart Heart Translation Pagoda were disappointed. Not far from her, the two maids in the Heart Heart Translation Pagoda started cheering.
In the last few hours, three more people reached the sixth floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda. Zhu Chaoyun was one of them.
However, the sixth floor and the seventh floor were completely different.
When the two hours were up, Zhu Chaoyun and the other two unhappily opened the door to the sixth floor. The other six people also came out from the fifth floor.
These people were aiming for the seventh floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda. It was indeed a great pity that they could not reach the seventh floor.
After these ten people left the Heart Flow Pagoda, the coquettish woman selected another ten people to enter.
The strength of the second batch was obviously not as good as the first batch. Whether it was the speed or the height, they were weaker. Only one person stayed on the sixth floor, while the others stayed on the fourth and fifth floors.
Then came the third, fourth, and fifth batches ….
The disciples who left the Heart Flow Pagoda did not choose to leave. They were still waiting here.
"What are these people waiting for?" Luo Zheng asked Xiao Xin, puzzled.
Xiao Xin thought for a moment and smiled. "They are waiting for you to enter the Heart Flow Pagoda."
"They are waiting for us?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
"Yes, you are a new disciple. It is very likely that you will not be able to climb to the second floor. When that time comes, you will be expelled from the Heart Flow Sword Sect. In that case, the remaining nine entry tokens will be divided among these people. How can they be willing to leave?" Xiao Xin said.
Obtaining an entry token meant one more chance to enter the Heart Flow Pagoda. No one was willing to miss it.
"I see …."
Luo Zheng suddenly realized that these people were waiting for him to be expelled from the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Batches of people entered the Heart Flow Pagoda. Those who came later were not as talented as those who came before. Their results were getting worse and worse. The first few batches were able to enter the fifth and sixth floor. Most of the people who entered later stayed on the fourth, third, and even second floor.
However, until the last batch of ten people entered, no one was trapped on the first floor. Even the new disciples who entered the Heart Flow Sword Sect at the same time as Luo Zheng struggled to climb to the second floor. No one was expelled from the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
This was a disappointing result for the disciples who wanted to get an entry token. Some of them were ready to leave.
At this moment, the coquettish woman said, "There is still one person who has not entered the Heart Flow Pagoda today."
Saying this, she took out Luo Zheng's label from the cylinder. "This disciple called Luo Zheng has been on the bottom floor for two months in a row. It is very rare. Now it is his turn to enter the Heart Flow Pagoda."
The number of people entering the Heart Flow Pagoda was a round number of ten. Luo Zheng happened to be the only one left.

Chapter 2790
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fire of the Soul
"I don't think this has ever happened before, right?"
"This kind of person is not suitable for the Heart Flow Sword Sect …"
"If this person is kicked out, I'll have a chance to get an entrance token, hehe …"
Those who were about to leave naturally turned their heads back.
They didn't know about Luo Zheng's existence before, so they naturally asked their maids about him.
"He's the Young Master Luo that Xin and Xiaoyin take care of …"
"I heard that this person has been in seclusion ever since he joined the Heart Flow Sword Sect!"
"This Luo guy is probably stubborn and pedantic. He doesn't know how to cherish women …"
Those women in white had people to rely on and didn't care if Luo Zheng heard them. When they mentioned Luo Zheng, their faces were filled with disdain.
Their attitude was understandable. The purpose of these women in white was to serve their young master. Luo Zheng was the kind of person who broke the rules and made Xiaoyin and Xin's existence worthless.
When Luo Zheng heard about it, he naturally wouldn't argue with them.
But at this moment, a clear voice sounded behind them. "What nonsense are you talking about! Young Master Luo isn't that kind of person! "
The person who spoke was Xiaoyin.
Although Luo Zheng and Xiaoyin were about to be kicked out of the mountain, Xiaoyin knew that Luo Zheng wasn't stubborn and pedantic. On the contrary, she felt that Luo Zheng was righteous and kind.
"Aiya, you're going to be kicked out of the mountain because of him, but you still want to speak up for your young master. Xiaoyin, you're really protective of your young master!"
"How pitiful. Xiaoyin, you worked hard, but didn't it all go to waste in the end?"
"…"
Those women in white were also sharp-tongued and taunted her.
The disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect naturally wouldn't join in the bickering between women. They just treated it as a joke.
As for Luo Zheng, a new disciple, they didn't put him in their eyes at all.
Now, they were paying attention to Luo Zheng because they were waiting for Luo Zheng to be kicked out. A person who had been evaluated as "inferior" for two consecutive months had a high probability of being kicked out.
Xiaoyin bit her lip and was about to talk back when Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Just ignore them …"
"But Mr. Luo …" Xiaoyin said.
"I can only promise you one thing. I won't be expelled by the Heart Sword Sect, and you won't leave the mountain," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's promise, Xiaoyin was stunned for a second while Xiaoxin's eyes widened. Obviously, they didn't believe Luo Zheng's words.
"Just do your best, Mr. Luo. Xiaoyin … doesn't have any other requests," Xiaoyin said.
"Yes! Young Master Luo, you can do it! "Little Xin encouraged.
At this time, the beautiful woman urged Luo Zheng to enter the tower again. Luo Zheng nodded at them and immediately walked towards the Heart Flow Tower.
While waiting, Luo Zheng was also thinking.
Back then, when he fought against Situ Xiu, his sword art contained a strange feeling.
This feeling was similar to the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. At that time, Luo Zheng had a trace of interest in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
And Luo Zheng understood another layer of the situation.
Back in Guanshan Prefecture, when Qiu Yinhe showed up, he also acted like an old pervert, touching Phoenix Maiden from head to toe. A dignified senior like him was so impulsive that he didn't have the slightest bit of grace.
It seemed that Qiu Yinhe was also an expert from the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
After he went up the mountain, Qiu Yinhe hadn't shown up, but according to his previous attitude, he had no reason to not know that he had chosen the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Qiu Yinhe didn't show up, which meant that he was confident in passing the Heart Flow Tower.
The closer Luo Zheng got to the Heart Flow Tower, the more agitated he became, and the more anxious he felt.
He suppressed this anxiety and stepped into the Heart Flow Tower.
"Bang …"
The door of the Heart Flow Tower slammed shut.
The space inside the tower wasn't big, and there was no illusion array.
However, there was a column in the center of the tower. There seemed to be a flame burning inside, emitting a hot aura, which made the temperature inside the Heart Flow Tower much higher.
However, for Luo Zheng, who had been calcined by all kinds of flames, this temperature was nothing.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to move away, a voice came from the Heart Flow Tower. "Show your entry token."
Luo Zheng shook his sumeru ring gently and took out a golden square token.
"Swish …"
This golden square token seemed to be made of ice and instantly melted in the Heart Flow Tower.
"You can stay on the first floor or climb up. It depends on your strength and ability …" The voice also understood that it was Luo Zheng's first time entering the Heart Flow Tower and gave him a small hint.
The moment the voice disappeared, the surface of the column in the center of the Heart Flow Tower began to glow red. There really were flames coming out of the column.
"So, so hot …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt his chest boiling.
He wasn't afraid of flames. Even if the Heart Flow Tower was filled with flames, it couldn't stop him at all.
However, the situation this time seemed to be different.
Luo Zheng endured the pain in his chest and took a few steps into the tower.
As he moved forward, the burning pain became more and more obvious. At the same time, countless distracting thoughts came and began to affect Luo Zheng's mood.
"Anxiety, failure, fear, greed, lust …"
Everyone had these negative emotions, but everyone had a lid that covered these emotions. If one's mind was strong enough, they could completely ignore them. Luo Zheng could do it.
But ignoring them didn't mean they didn't exist. In the Heart Flow Tower, all the emotions were ignited by the restless flame.
Even if Luo Zheng forced himself to move forward, the pain would continue to increase …
After taking seven or eight steps, Luo Zheng's chest suddenly hurt. A red flame was burning in his chest!
"The backlash of the Heart Flow Tower can swallow your heart. Young man, the stronger your obsession, the stronger the backlash of the Heart Flow Tower. If you can't bear it, you can retreat on your own." The voice in the Heart Flow Tower sounded again.
"Heart Flow Tower?"
Luo Zheng endured the pain and stopped.
He reached out to the red flame in his chest. This flame didn't burn Luo Zheng's hand.
It didn't have a high temperature, but the pain caused by the burning was definitely not an illusion.
"If it's just climbing to the second floor …" Luo Zheng looked up.
There were no stairs in the Heart Flow Tower. If he wanted to go to the second floor, he could just jump.
Luo Zheng made up his mind. With a stomp of his feet, he flew up into the air.
But the moment Luo Zheng jumped up, the red Heart Flow Tower in his chest suddenly swelled up like a huge cocoon, wrapping Luo Zheng up. The pain it brought was magnified hundreds of times!
Along with the pain came unsuppressable irritation, loss, and despair.
At the moment when countless negative emotions broke out, he almost felt that he was an orphan abandoned by the whole world. There was no value in his existence.
"Plop …"
He only jumped up half a zhang before falling to the bottom of the tower.

Chapter 2791
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Otherworldly Magical Powers
The disciples waiting outside the Heart Flow Pagoda had faint smiles on their faces.
After all, Luo Zheng was a disciple of the same sword sect, so they couldn't say much. However, they naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would fail, and the reality was developing in the direction they expected.
However, the women in white didn't have so many reservations.
"No wonder he's been evaluated as' inferior 'for two consecutive months."
"I think he'll struggle on the first level for a while. He'll come out when he can't take it anymore."
"At most, one incense stick's worth of time …"
As they spoke, they looked at Xiaoyin and Little Xin.
"I'm afraid Mr. Luo really can't do it," Little Xin said.
"As long as he works hard," Xiaoyin said as she stared at the golden light spot. "At least Mr. Luo didn't choose to give up. He's still trying his best to jump to the second level of the Heart Flow Pagoda."
"Xiaoyin really knows how to comfort herself, haha …" A woman in white next to her chuckled. "Before he entered the pagoda, he made a solemn promise, but now his performance is so poor!"
Xiaoyin glared at the woman in white.
The woman in white was called Su Yin, and she was especially good at stirring up trouble among the women in white. Xiaoyin didn't care about it, but she insisted on stirring it up.
"It's not time yet. Our Mr. Luo still has a chance," Xiaoyin said.
"Chance, haha …" Su Yin only chuckled and didn't bother to speak.
Anyone with a discerning eye knew that it was almost impossible for Luo Zheng to have a chance to turn things around with his performance.
Xiaoyin naturally knew this as well, but she could only be stubborn.
Time passed little by little …
The people present had been waiting for more than 20 hours. They didn't care about this little bit of time and were very patient.
However, Luo Zheng was still curled up at the bottom of the Heart Flow Pagoda, motionless.
"This Heart Fire … It's not a real flame. It should be a kind of energy …"
As Luo Zheng grew, he saw the essence of the world more clearly.
Everything was formed by energy. The sea water of the Sea of True Intent, Paramita Power, Taoist Connotation, and Vital Essence … The self born from the soul was the body that controlled energy.
"This flame can affect people's emotions. That pain is because my emotions." Luo Zheng lowered his head and thought. "If that's the case, can I use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to avoid the effect of the Heart Fire?"
Luo Zheng's Eyes flashed, and the energy in his body, the energy.
The Emotion Severing Emotion Divine Dao's's Dao's Taoist Connotation, as a special energy.
By the same logic, the Dao Connotation of the Great Ruling Technique was the same. However, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was targeted at oneself, while the Great Ruling Technique was targeted at outsiders!
"Emotion Emotion …"
The moment his Taoist Connotation Divine Taoist Spirit Tao 'Lun.
Everything in the world seemed to be far away from him. Only his self-consciousness existed alone. Luo Zheng's self-consciousness could not feel sadness, joy, anger, pain …
Inside the Heart Flow Heart
The Red Red Red Red red red Red Red Red red Red Red Red Red Is? Red Red Red ''t
"Eh, it's another little fellow who cultivates the Emotion Severing Divine Dao …"
There were differences in the division of Divine Daos in the mother world. Some forces divided the 3,000 Divine Daos into more than 2,700 types, while others divided them into more than 2,900 types.
But whether it was the God Realm or the Mother World, there were very few people who chose to sever their emotions.
On one hand, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was extremely difficult to cultivate. On the other hand, even if one could comprehend this Dao, it would be difficult to achieve perfection.
Luo Zheng had truly cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to perfection, and it was with Fuxi's help that he was able to advance to the next level.
Moreover, the cultivators in the Mother World were all aiming for the Nirvana Realm. They could choose the easier Five Elements Divine Path. Who would choose such a troublesome Divine Path?
The face formed by the Heart Fire had originally suggested Luo Zheng to leave the Heart Flow Tower, but now it was interested in Luo Zheng. "However, the Emotion Severing Divine Dao is not as omnipotent as you think. Whether you can comprehend its mysteries depends on your own comprehension ability."
After Luo Zheng used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to shield his emotions, he made a second attempt and jumped up again.
But the moment he jumped up, the Heart Fire in his chest bloomed again!
The moment the Heart Fire raged, all the negative emotions came one after another.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao was like a layer of enchantment, completely blocking out those emotions.
"It's done … simple …"
Luo Zheng made a calm judgment in his heart. Although he was happy, in the state of severing his emotions, he was not sad or happy at all.
However, the Heart Fire was not extinguished. It still existed. As Luo Zheng climbed up, the flames became more and more intense. When Luo Zheng approached the second floor, all the flames seemed to have received an order and gathered at one point, going straight to the space between his eyebrows!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng felt as if he had been struck by lightning. His vision turned black, and he fell down again.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao claimed to cut off all emotions, but in fact, it was just a special shield that made Luo Zheng's other emotions completely disappear, leaving only his rational consciousness.
The Great Ruling Technique was the same. It blocked a soul's self-consciousness and let the person who used the Great Ruling Technique replace it, controlling and playing with it at will.
But just because it was blocked didn't mean it didn't exist.
The stronger Luo Zheng's obsession, the stronger the backlash from the Heart Fire. The Heart Fire attacked one point, and naturally broke through this shield and attacked Luo Zheng's heart!
"To be honest, those who enter the Dao through the Emotion Severing Divine Dao are indeed suitable for the Heart Flow Sword Sect … Unfortunately, your obsession is so deep, and the way you use it is too crude, hehe …" The face formed by the Heart Fire spoke again, mocking Luo Zheng.
"Crude …"
Luo Zheng had already cultivated the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to perfection, but the way he used it was evaluated as crude. He was naturally somewhat unconvinced.
But thinking back to the way the Heart Fire attacked, he seemed to have a faint understanding.
In the past, Luo Zheng had only used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao as an attack method to achieve his sharpest Sword Dao.
But after all, the Mother World was different. The Divine Dao had evolved here for a longer time, and the methods used here were more abundant. For example, when the Heart Fire attacked one point, Luo Zheng should have used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to guard against it!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth, turned over, and sat down cross-legged.
There was no record of this method in the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, so he could only explore it himself.
There were so many Outer Dao Magical Powers in the Divine Realm, but they were also created by the True Gods themselves. Luo Zheng could do it too.
One incense stick …
Two incense sticks …
Three incense sticks …
Time passed quickly. More than an hour had passed, and the people outside the Heart Flow Tower were still waiting.
"After trying twice, he doesn't dare to move anymore. What a good-for-nothing …"
"He's thinking about life at the bottom of the tower!"
"It's okay. It's almost time."
Just as the women were whispering, a door of one of the independent courtyards behind the Heart Flow Tower quietly opened.

Chapter 2792
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Up
Everyone was bored to see the golden light spot in the Heart Flow Pagoda motionless.
Therefore, the appearance of the young man and the woman in yellow immediately attracted everyone's attention.
"It's Mo Yijian, Young Master Mo …"
"He actually came out today!"
"He's the top disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. It's said that he can comprehend Dao with a single thought. He can make as much Sword Comprehension Liquid as he wants!"
"Sword Comprehension Liquid is so expensive. Won't he earn an astronomical amount of Divine Crystals by selling it?"
The women in white looked at Mo Yijian with bright eyes.
Geniuses were always the center of attention and were admired.
As for Zhu Chaoyun and the other disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, they felt inferior when they saw Mo Yijian.
Those who lived in the independent buildings were the elites of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, and Mo Yijian was the most outstanding of them all.
The Heart Flow Pagoda was only open for twenty hours a year for ordinary disciples, but it was open for a hundred hours for elite disciples, which was ten times the number. However, it was said that Mo Yijian had special privileges and could enter the Heart Flow Pagoda as many times as he wanted!
This was probably the greatest privilege of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
As for the woman beside Mo Yijian, she was also someone with a strong background in the Heavenly Palace.
The beautiful woman smiled when she saw Mo Yijian. "Yijian, you have the time to go out today?"
"It's too boring to be locked up in the courtyard." Mo Yijian shrugged casually and looked at the Heart Flow Pagoda with a strange expression. "Why is there only one person in the Heart Flow Pagoda? And he's at the bottom level? "
"This person has been evaluated as' inferior 'for two months in a row, and he's the last person. Naturally, there's only one person left," the beautiful woman replied.
"Oh?"
Mo Yijian's interest was piqued and he halted his steps.
"Yijian, what's there to see …" the woman called "Han 'er" beside Mo Yijian said coquettishly.
"I just want to see how long he can last. He's been evaluated as' inferior 'for two months in a row. His heart is deeply rooted in the Heart Flow Pagoda …" Mo Yijian said.
"But …" Han 'er still wanted to pull Mo Yijian away.
At this time, the beautiful woman said, "This person has been in the Heart Flow Tower for more than an hour. He will be kicked out in at most two incense sticks' worth of time."
"That's right, we're not in a hurry." Mo Yijian stood still and reached out to hold Han 'er's hand.
Not far away, Little Xin sized up Mo Yijian from head to toe. Then, she said to Xiaoyin, "Sister Xiaoyin, if we serve Young Master Mo, how glorious would that be?"
Xiaoyin shook her head and said, "For someone like Mo Yijian, how could the woman by his side be ordinary? That yellow-clothed woman is not his maid. Rumor has it that she is his fiancée. Her father is also a high-ranking member of the Heavenly Palace, unlike us … "
"Fate is decided at birth." Little Xin curled her lips.
"It's a pity that Young Master Luo has persevered for long enough. It seems that he won't be able to break through." Xiaoyin looked at Luo Zheng again.
Xiaoyin was different from other women. She did not have so many boring fantasies. Everything depended on the path under her feet. Luo Zheng had been at the bottom for so long, but he still did not have the confidence to make the final leap. His hope was getting smaller and smaller.
While everyone waited, another incense stick's worth of time passed.
Luo Zheng was still meditating with his eyes closed.
The Dao of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao was constantly dissecting in his mind.
At this moment, he no longer saw the Emotion Severing Divine Dao as a killing Theurgy. Instead, he saw it as a special Theurgy of the Soul, similar to the Great Ruling Art.
"The Emotion Severing Divine Dao's power lies in severing one's emotions and erupting with a decisive sword …"
"The Fire of the Heart can attack this point …"
"I don't need to continue severing my emotions. If distracting thoughts grow like weeds, I can just sever them myself!"
"Understood!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
"Rise!"
Having made a decision, Luo Zheng jumped up again.
"Whoosh!"
Just as Luo Zheng rushed to the second floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda, the Fire of the Heart burned in his chest again, and his anxious emotions were stirred up again.
"Emotion Severing …"
Luo Zheng immediately used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao.
But the Fire of the Heart also had a response. They instantly gathered at one point and went straight to Luo Zheng's glabella.
Previously, Luo Zheng was defeated by this move. But this time, Luo Zheng came prepared!
The Fire of the Heart could attack this point, and Luo Zheng could also resist this point.
When it broke through the Emotion Severing Divine Dao and used Luo Zheng's obsession to arouse endless emotions, Luo Zheng also gathered all his Dao Connotation at this moment.
"Buzz …"
The confrontation between the two was only for a moment, but it was actually extremely dangerous.
The emotions aroused by the Fire of the Heart had been completely extinguished …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had reached the second floor of the Heart Flow Pagoda.
"Huh?"
The face transformed by the Fire of the Heart was shocked when it saw this scene. "He comprehended the One Thought Severing Emotion so quickly?"
Although the status of Divine Dao in the mother world was not high because of the existence of the Nirvana Realm, a supernatural power outside of Dao was not a cabbage that could be easily comprehended. Moreover, Luo Zheng had to bear the pressure of the Fire of the Heart in the Heart Flow Pagoda!
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng jumped up again!
Similar to the situation on the first floor, the Fire of the Heart rose from Luo Zheng's chest again and spread toward his head.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng did not know what the name of this supernatural power was. He only knew that he could only use this method to break the Fire of the Heart.
"Buzz …"
With a flash of white light in his mind, the Fire of the Heart penetrated his mind again, but the negative emotions of anxiety, failure, and fear were still decisively extinguished.
"The third floor!"
Luo Zheng jumped again!
Outside the Heart Flow Pagoda.
When Luo Zheng jumped to the second floor, everyone had different expressions.
"Young Master Luo! Young Master Luo went to the second floor! "Little Xin screamed.
"I saw it." Xiaoyin stared at the round light spot. As long as Luo Zheng did not fall and could walk out of the door of the second floor, it meant that he would not be expelled.
Therefore, Xiaoyin was still a little worried. However, not only did the golden light spot not fall, but it also went straight to the third floor!
"That kid …"
"He rushed to the third floor in one go?"
"How can he be so fast!"
The disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were also dumbfounded.
They had waited here for so long, and no one expected this result.
"Didn't you say that this person is just a lower floor? Jumping to the third floor at this speed, his talent is not bad, "Mo Yijian said with a smile. This had nothing to do with Mo Yijian. He was just watching the show.
The coquettish woman and her entourage were dumbfounded when they saw this.
"He's going up again!" someone exclaimed.
The golden light spot on the surface of the Heart Flow Pagoda jumped again and reached the fourth floor.
Before anyone could react, the golden light spot jumped again. The fifth floor …
"The fifth floor? This guy … "
The disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect also understood that they would not be able to get Luo Zheng's entry token, but the result of the fifth floor was still unacceptable.

Chapter 2793
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
It's him!
The disciples of the Heart Sword Sect widened their eyes and held their breaths.
The white-clothed women also stared at the golden specks of light in a daze. No one could say a word. The entire place was silent.
What kind of person was trying to reach the seventh floor on his first time in the Heart Flow Tower?
Xiaoyin and Xiao Xin were also speechless.
Their eyes were shining with excitement, as if they were about to cry. It was a very moving sight.
Mo Yijian originally had the intention of watching the fun. But after seeing this scene, the expression of the woman beside him also changed.
"This person's obsession is very deep, yet he can still reach the sixth floor. Like Yijian, this person also entered the Dao through the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, right?" Han'er looked at the Heart Flow Tower and whispered to Mo Yijian.
"Not necessarily. I heard that using the Soul Control Divine Dao to control one's own mind can also resist the Heart Fire," Mo Yijian said.
The Soul Control Divine Dao was a great ruling technique in the divine realm.
It was an extra-dao ability comprehended from the Divine Dao. It could create another self consciousness and complete the strange method of "controlling" oneself.
"But I'm afraid he won't be able to break Yi Jian's record …" Han 'er smiled.
The performance of the person in the tower was amazing, but when Mo Yijian entered the Heart Flow Tower for the first time, he directly jumped to the eighth floor.
Therefore, in the eyes of Mo Yijian and Han 'er, this performance was still acceptable.
But as soon as Han 'er finished speaking, the person in the Heart Flow Tower had reached the seventh floor!
The seventh and sixth levels were difficult to pass. Most of the Heart Sword Sect's disciples would be trapped here. Therefore, the Heart Sword Sect had set up a reward on the seventh level. Only by passing this level could one enter the ranks of the elites.
While everyone was still guessing the possibility of Luo Zheng reaching the seventh floor, he had already reached the seventh floor.
Inside the Heart Flow Tower, the Heart Fire had turned blood red.
As he climbed higher and higher, the Heart Fire's power grew stronger.
Even if he used the methods of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, it was still difficult to completely cut off the negative emotions that were like weeds.
But he clenched his teeth and endured.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had lost track of time. He didn't even know he was on the first floor.
He only knew that if he hesitated for even a moment, those chaotic emotions would fill his heart and push him into the abyss of pain.
This pain was too special. It wasn't a wound to the soul, nor was it a physical pain. it was a direct attack on the heart!
"Charge!"
Luo Zheng jumped again.
"The eighth floor …"
Han 'er glanced at Mo Mo Yijian.
Mo Yijian didn't say anything, but his bright eyes was cautious.
Someone who was able to reach the eighth level on their first try was definitely qualified to be his opponent. However, who was this person?
If he came from the bottom, he couldn't be a nobody.
Could it be that some hidden genius had been sent to the Heart Flow Sword Sect?
"Whoosh …"
When Luo Zheng reached the eighth floor, the silence of the Heart Flow Sword Sect was finally broken.
When Luo Zheng reached the fifth floor, everyone was stunned. When he reached the sixth floor, they were still stunned. Even so, they were still somewhat unconvinced. People like Zhu Chaoyun, Li Can, and the others could still compare this person to them.
But when Luo Zheng reached the seventh and eighth floors, they had subconsciously removed Luo Zheng from their scope of comparison.
This guy was not the same kind of person as them.
So at this moment, most people changed their minds. Instead, they were looking forward to seeing how far this weirdo Luo Zheng could go.
"Can he reach the ninth floor?"
"He's already tied with Mo Yijian's record when he first entered the Heart Flow Tower …"
"It'll be interesting if he breaks Mo Yijian's record!"
Many people looked at Mo Yijian, wanting to see what expression Mo Yijian would have.
It was impossible for them to catch up to Mo Yijian, but they still hoped that someone could surpass him …
However, Mo Yijian's expression was still very calm. He just stared at the Heart Flow Tower without saying a word.
Immediately afterward, the golden light in the Heart Flow Tower began to jump again and then steadily landed on the ninth floor.
"A new record … has appeared …" the coquettish woman said.
For a moment, the coquettish woman began to doubt the evaluation system of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. After all, this was a "bottom" person. Did something happen to the Heart Flow Tower again? It had clearly just been repaired!
But even when the golden light reached the ninth floor, it showed no signs of stopping.
In the tower, Luo Zheng felt that he had reached a limit.
The Emotion Severing Divine Dao was not omnipotent, even though it was the best way to resist the Heart Fire.
However, Luo Zheng's obsession was too strong. Those negative emotions that grew crazily were like tentacles that could not be shaken off, strangling his emotions. At the instant he leaped up, the might of the tenth level's Flame of Heart doubled again!
After passing the seventh floor, the Heart Fire seemed to have a strange magic power that could cause people to hallucinate.
These hallucinations were extremely realistic, making it impossible to distinguish between reality and illusion. Luo Zheng seemed to have fallen into a crazy scene.
In a single thought, he seemed to have experienced several months.
And during these several months, he saw the divine realm being destroyed by an invisible black hand, saw Luo Nian die tragically under the sword of someone else, saw Ning Yudie perish, saw the immortal residence shatter …
Even though he knew that these were all hallucinations, he could not extricate himself from these hallucinations. Instead, he felt that they were more and more real, and he could not extricate himself from them!
"I can't do it! Kill! "
Luo Zheng knew that if he held on for one more breath, he would probably sink into this hallucination forever.
He expended almost the last of his spiritual power, gritted his teeth, and rushed to the tenth floor, smashing open the door of the Heart Flow Tower.
"Bang!"
Everyone watched as the door to the tenth floor was smashed open, and a wet person fell out.
Luo Zheng was sweating profusely as if he had just been fished out of the water.
However, when he left the Heart Flow Tower, the Heart Fire also disappeared completely, and everything returned to normal. He landed steadily on the ground, and his eyes, which were full of confusion and regret, gradually regained their clarity.
Mo Yijian and Han 'er stared at the door of the Heart Flow Tower, wanting to see who this person was.
When they saw the person in front of them clearly, they were also stunned.
"Young Master … It's him!"
Han 'er covered her mouth, and her face was full of disbelief.
However, she should be aware of this. After all, she had spent time investigating this person.
Defeating Situ Xiu with the strength of the First Sky of the Nirvana Realm was originally an extremely abnormal thing. However, after Mo Yijian cut off one of Luo Zheng's swords, Luo Zheng inexplicably disappeared for a period of time.